mxrokbbbia), at - foe ever. nv tho Hev. C. EL SPURGEON. -'"-'rJn that day, flaUh tho Lord of Hosts, shall yo call / Every man his neighbor under tho vino and under tho ,v.Vflg trco."— Zachaviah 111. tO. "v'The people of Israel had been chastised very sevorely, 'many dimes carried away captive,- and pillaged and tabbed ; but often as thoy wero cimstwoa tney so oicen : fttarned to their sins, till tho Lord said, 44 Why should '-yft boamltton any more?- ye will revolt mora and more.4' "Ob, how some of you hare beon flogged and whipped I '.You havo lost your proporty, perhaps; lost your health, ttmny be, through early sin; lost the. dearest friends '-'700 0Ter had; you have boon tried In body, tried la estato, but Tor all that you hug your sin, sad tho ffulltof it still clings to you. Ah, bnt Jehovah Jesus 'c&n; remove it In one day. What His providence cannot ' do IBs grace can do. During all the years that Israel had sinned thoy had pUll offered sacrifices, but their sacrifices had never ;,';tikcn away sin It fs clear sinco they had to offer sac- 'fifices evory year that their sins wero not removed, .'-for then no lurtnor aacrmee wouiu uaru ocon noeuou. '-'0O, my dear hearer, no sacrifice of yours or mlr.e can '-''-?Ycr take a way sin. Let tho priests of Banl cry aloud, tfiuid spare not even to-thc chapter's divadtu) end, but no . >Jj/Sp|a is ever put away- in tills fashion ; tho one sacrificed -:f,-Chriat has put away Qin for ever, sothst no furthur'a&c-; >>dflco is wanted, no new blood, no new atoyein'eni. . /,'Iis done, tto gicat transaction' done." Heavrti is justice is content, mercy has a free clianneL'- ' U -J&od; is glorified. Without help, solitary, alone, God in 3the person of His Son has put away the transgression of elect, and put it a\ray for cvor and ovur. .rvM And hcreiu is the triumph of Christ. Dreadful as s!a- vi'ls, His cross is more glorious. Awful as tuo .trnns- /'grcsaion against God's law is, so awial that none Cun .'.measure. Its tremendons deeps, ret more glorious sclll is .'.itftat, cff 'ctual atonement by ivhJcU He hatn removed for ;rer the sin of His people. ' :fi 44 The moment n sinner bellovos. And trusts hi his crucified God, ' f "is pardon at once he receives, SftlvAtlon In full through Christ's blood.4' 'Sriio dying thief had not to wait a monlh to get pardon, :Vi?or else he would have died unsaved. He did but s.iy, .'A4 Lord romctnbcr rae," and tiio answer came, 44 To-day .almlt thou bo with .Me in Paradise." You may have / tbegun tills day tho blackest sinner out of hell, you may %lerc this service bo closed, If God's grace meet with you, ': Vbc pure through the precious blood. Who anal) describe '-'.'iihut wondrous change from darkness into marvellous flight, fioui death into splrltuul life? May the Holy rfSplrit work such a change ns that in you. .-J Renumber, this change is not only possible to ordln- /jary sinners, but it Is true of tho very worst of sinners i?j— tho most degraded, depraved, abandoned, tiiose who 'iliaru gone tu the utmost cxtrnvaganco of trangresslou. £Oi:e singlo day, faith being cxereised, will pat your >Jguilt ail away ; one single word from the great King, .>"i4,kAbsolvotc"— 44 1 absolve tbee"— and nil is gono. bite :1 to wnom uirist.sam, my sins, wutcu are many, are \ forgiven thee,'4 received pardon tlicro and then. May / that same voice, in the power of the Holy Spirir, epuak to some hem ts to-day. and may they go out oi this place ''..VBjnstlfiiid, saying, 4,Wuo shall lay anything to te rlchnrge of God's eluct? It is God that justificth, who is he that condemneth?" Who is it Hint reu.ovcs inl- .) quiiy? 4 4 'J lio Lord of hosts." That accounts for the is wonder. What cannot God do? He can pluck the sun from his nphcre, quench tho lamps of night, shake ths A heavens, and dry up the sea ; nothing is impossible to v- God, nor too hard for Him. When Jt-hovah put His j Imnd to a work, then it is done. All without Him must ' fail; but when He does it it, how readily it is accom- pllshcd I It is always 44 1 " wlum yuu coma to the pardon ' of sin. <4X, even I, am Ilo thut blottcth out thy trans gressions." Jehovah alouc can say unto ihesuul, 44 1 am thy salvation. Who can forgive sins but God only." He forgiveth ull thino iniquities, ilehtri our sins on Jesus, nnd lie, therefore, Himself takes themawny from us. it Is the Loifi that pardons, tho Luial liinteic.mes evermore.- Hope, thou then, o worn out transjreisor, i bowed down with sin, what could not be done by others .'! the Lord of hosts can do. Tarry a moment over that ./'» word4'!" Lot me take it and translate it. lho44l" of Jehovah Is onc, bub three. To begin, thou — 4,Jlay '-V rhc grace of our Lord Josus Christ be with you," for it /- fs lie who saltii, 44 1 will remove the iniquity of that v< land." He was laid as the one foundation stone of our :'v hope, upou which seveu eyes aro fixed; lie who was graven with the graver's tool wlun lie was fastened to j tho cross, and His aldo was pierced, lie It Is that has rc- moved tho Iuiquily of lib people, by bearing it, by making a recompense to Alm'glity justice for it nil. Sue ye, then the Crucified, He uplift llis pierced hand, He buves His opiiu oiilo, and lie »nys, 44 dinner, look to Me. I will remove <.11 your iniquity.44 But, 44 May the love of God bo with you," for It Is tho Father wito says, 44 1 will remove the iu.quity of this . 1 land in ono day." The returning prodigal sa;d, 4> Father i 1 have sinned," and it was tho lather, tuc same offended fathnr, who bid him take off his rags und kill for tilm ; the fatted calf; It was the father who rejoiced that his : son that was lost was found, and thai lie who was dead was alive again ; the Father Himself, therefore, removes tho sins of tils children. ; And 44 May the communion of the Holy Ghost bo with you," for li is the Holy Spirit ulso who saith, 44I will rcmovo the intnuitv of the land in one tiar.4' II -lulntrB tho blood that Jesus shed, applies it to the conscience, . sprinkles it upon the heart, and makes those to be act- ' ually and oxperiinentally cleansed who in God's cfeiit weie cleansed by tho death of Christ. Ob, didyoucver 'a feel wttliin your heart tlio power of the Holy Spirit ; removing your Iniquity in ono duy. / I ahull never forget when my iniquity was removed. Uyains terrified, alarmed me; they haunted on duy and night; they tnado me alt on the doorstep ofholl ; but how changed was the scene when 1 heard and under stood that text, 44 Look unto Ale aud be ye saved, all yo ends of tho eurth," for then I vrus enabled to look to Jesus, and one look removed mountains. As 1 feoked, n»y iniquity was forgiven, my joy was overflowing. I had to restrain myself and to do violence to my feelings in o;der to keep my scar. Oh tho b.Ls of pardon, when it comes l>y the Holy Ghost. You m iy hear about it, tuy brethren, you may read about it, and Until of those . arc well in their wav :but these arc not enough it i . t-s. entJal thatyou recoivo tho word with living power within ; from God Ulmielf, against whom you havo offended. You can only llud pardon And penco by looking to Jesus. Tho almpto act of ttuowiug yourself into Ills dear onus will bring It— nothing also will. II will come ut once, coine suddenly, and when It comes It will > bring to yoa results of blessedness that shall know no end. Take now your songs, and go forth and slug, 4,0 God I will pralso The©, tor though Thou waft angry with (119, Thine anger U turned away, and Thou com- fortest me." Contlnuo till you mount to Heaven to slag. 44 Unto Him that loved us. and washed us frotn our alas In. His, own blood; to Him be the glory for cvor and ever." What fitatc follqwa pardon ? £Tlicy shall eall every roan his neighbor under tho vine and under the fig trco." Yci, wherever pardon comes peace follows. In tiroes of worths ilir trees are cut down, 'the vlhes are destroyed, .nnd If not, the InbabitanU aro kept within doors, andoftonaro driven la to the caros of tho earth for shelter ; but tho picture bctoro us In tho text repre sents tlio people m. Bitting at caw in their gardens aud in their cuUrrards, where tiro luxuriant vines yield (hem shelter. TUb words admirably picture a sceao of. peace— each mau . under his vino and fig - tree. Our text doss not tnontlon the fact, but it implies that no enemy con molest, a soul :pardoned is a Bonl'at pcaco. If Godforgivo mo nothing can distress me. 4lStrlke," s«ld Luther 'strike, Lord, if Thou wilt, for now Thou host for- Rm.n P1® bear Thy strokes and slog." Oh, yes ; H slubo pardoned nothing can harm us. For us the poison Is gone, the sting Ja departed, the evil is anni hilated. Weharo In the pardon of sin an antidote for ail that might havo distressed us. Wo must and shall hare peace. But tho text Implies also nelgborllncss. Thoy are not eaou ono to sit under the vine, and under the fig tree, and say, » Glory be to God I um a pardoned man, I am oared, I do not earo about my neighbors ono bit not so, uo that Is a gracious soul Invites lib neighbor (for so " augus run), invites him to commune with him. oraco « tho most neighborly thing In the world. Christ's people are called aheop ; sheep are gregarious; yon do not meet sheep one by one, they go In flocks ; they love JJBPapy K0li company. Bo you shall find the peopio of God, they are good company keeping people; I do not mean that they have great cntertalnm nts, and earo .f« c chat, but this Is how they nre dcacribsd— Then thoy that feared tho Lord epako often ono to another, and tiro Lord, harkonod and heard Some body said, 41 Tho good friends at tho Tabernacle blocked uij o steps a good 4aal after aervico by standing to . w. ®nc onother.44 Well, If you talk about (Tirist «nd tlungs divine,, the more you talk tho batter; of iiqiy conversation there need be no stint If you thik yuur neighbor, bo home with you; If you talk gossip and acandal, you have no right to do it oa the Tabcrnaclo steps— nay, where have you right to do it? Gossiping slander is ai all times vllo, but if our conver sation be of Jesus, then the more we speak together,- and tho moro sociable we arc, the more the house of God sn orih becomes llko heaven above. Ged save us irom a stiff gentility that knows nobody because it does not know itself, . May we, on tho other hand, rcjoicp in what God has dono for us and all Ills people, and, therefore, raako ourselves familiar with tho consecrated brotherhood of saints. Do not anly tit under the fig tree, but call each man nis neighbor. Say, 44 Rejoice with me; csmo arid help my joy ; I cannot rejoice alons. Come and hear, all yo that fear God, I will tell you what God has done for my bouu" Wo will maxe even tlie heathen among whom wo dwell to. any, 44 The Lord hath done great things for theu;;" rind, wo will say, ,4 Yea, the Lord hntii dono great things for lis whereof wo are glad." Christian sociability, . Christian communiou. Chris tian friendship, Christian communication the ooe with the other, i3 a most deslrahlo and fitting thing, nnd where slu is pardoned nnd penco is implanted It is quite sure to But I must nolo again, there is not only peace and ncighborliness ia tho text, but there is comfort. They might sit, «nd they might alt together in misery, but in this (rose they sit in comfort under ihe vine, its broad leffres giving them shade; under the fig tree, there, too, finding a cool retreat from the heat of the day. And oh t how believers when they meet together In communion what comfort they Lave in tlicHoly. ebter who had been away from hero a long time, and had a deal of trouble, when she said, 44 Oh, but I should not have minded the trouble If 1 could have got to the Tabernacle on Sundays and week days, for there you could at least forgot your troubles for aq hour pr two. and then go away strong to contend with them again." Yes, anu when sitting under tho shadow of Christ, under the leaves of His truth, under the droppings -of His familiar love, Christian fellowship becomes very west. One almost feels when -Jesus draws near to our usscmbUes, that if heaven be better titan tills it must bo very goodTridecd.">\Ve got such oarnest anticipations of the Joy of ihe glorified suints thaV tfc are fairly OTer- ;como with excess of delight, \ But note— It was notonly comfort they had, but sub-: stanUnl enjoymeut tmi real supply of needs. They sat under the vine, then Uterc was wfue for them to drink; tiiuy sat under ths fig tree, then there were figs for them to eat. So when God givC3 pard m and peace, lie gives to our souls a satisfaction with good things; we find In Jesus Christ, if tvo sit under Ills shadow with delight, that His fruit is sweet nnto our taste. 41 All ray capacious powers can v/ih In Christ uotli richly meet: Nor to mine eyes is liht so dear, Nor friemioliip half so sweet." Now, my friends— you that are unsaved and remain so— I can understand that you arok company, and that you will gu and call every man ills neighbor, 4,Corai\ let us make mirth, let us cat nnd dunk, for to-morrow we die; let us breuk the Sabbath, let us break God's bands asunder, and cost Ills cords from us;" 1 can understand that, audi iiink you also can understand that the company you k cpon earth will be the coin- paiiy you wili have to keep for ever. "Bind them in bundles to bum them," will be the Lord's command. Like with like. They that depart from Christ on earth, will hear Him say, 44 Depart, ye cursed, for ever." 0 people. But as for you (hat love God, I am aura If grace be reigning in your hearts, you will feci a yearn ing after holy company, and your company will be such ns love what you lovu, such as hope to t>e with Jesus where you will be. 44 Oh, tut God's people have many faults 1" My door friend, eo have you, but despite ml the faults of the church— 44 My soul shall pray for'Zion sllH, While life or breath remains There my best friends, my kindred dwell, There God my Saviour reigns." There is no better company than the comptmy that Christ keeps, tlicre is no better house than the house that Christ inhabits. May we be willing to be door keepers in the house of God, glad to be the least iu-the church, so long as we may be numbered among the chosen, redeemed by the blood of Jesus. May the Lord give us perfect pardou, perfect peace, for Hit name's sake. Amen. Publications, 