DICTIONARY OF RELIGIONS' Max Müller regards religion as the faculty for the apprehension of tho Infinite, and would conceive of all movements as religious which tend towards expansion of the intellect. This is tho philosophical view of the subject, lint it is obvious that a work in encyclopaedic form dealing with religion in this aspect would need a library to itself rather than a volume. The compiler of the useful book, which constitutes Iho latest edition to tlio valuable scries which Messrs. Cnssell and Co. nre publishing, takes tho ordinary position that religion involves conscious devotion to God, and that no religion is possihle without belief in the existence of God. He quotes Dr. Doddridge's definition : — " Religion consists in the resolution of tho will for God, and in a constant care to avoid what ever we are persuaded He would disapprove, to despatch the work He has assigned us in life, and to promote His glory in the happi ness of mankind." As explained in the pre face, Ihe standpoint from which the subject is treated is " that, of orthodox Christianity as generally understood by intelligent members of tho Church of England." It must not be imagined from this, however, that phases of religious thought, such as Agnosticism, Positivism, Pantheism, or rationalistic philoso phers, like Spinoza, Kant and Comte, find no place. They are regarded as heretical, and the descriptions concerning them are carefully turned so as not to offend the orthodox eye, but, this being granted, tho treatment they receive is as fair as could be desired. Even such out- spoken assailants of Christianity as Voltaire and Paine, are dealt with biographically rather than ecclesiastically, and are not held up to reprobation as monsters of iniquity as well as opponents of the prevailing faith. Where the Dictionary fails, from the point of view of the student, is in its treatment of competing forms of religious faith, such as Hindooism and Buddhism. It is admitted that the latter constitutes the belief of more than a third of the human race, and that the former has from 150,000,000 to 190,000.000 adherents, yet each of them is disposed of in about half n column of description ; while, on the other hand, it takes four columns to do adequate justice to the See of Canterbury in the Church of England, The reverend editor seems to have forgotten that a large proportion of his readers would not be so vitally interested in the details of Churchism as himself, while they might desire information respecting faiths long neglected in Christendom, but which have been a source of inspiration and consolation to myriads of fellow men. In dealing with con tending faiths the poet is the highest order of priest. God sends his teachers unto every age, To every efimo and every race oi men. With revelations llttcil to llieir Rroivtli And shape ot iniml, nor sites the lealm of Truth into (he seiilsh rule of one .-ole race : Therefore each form of wnrdiip that hath swayed The life of inan, aiul given it to graep Tho master-key of know-ledge, reverence, Knfolds some germs of goodness and of right. But if the great outer religions of tho world, which are only beginning to be intelligently interpreted by Christian writers have scnat justice done them in this volume, there are good grounds for congratulating the editor on his treatment of tho various sects that have resulted, from schisms in the Church. A cen tury ago the clergy of the establishment could hardly write patiently of these. Now they recognise them as common factors of one great movement. The account of the rise of Methodism given in this volume may he cited as an illustration of this difference of treat- ment. There is a frank recoguition of the religions fervor and enthusiasm which formed the governing power in the life of John Wesley. In the biographical sketch, which is an ample one, the writer says : — " He was deeply religious from the beginniug, nnd at 8 years of age became a communicant. Ho was sent to Charterhouse, to which school, though ho suffered a good deal from bullying, he was always affectionately attached, and used to visit it yearly to the end of his life. The big boys used to eat his meat, and he was very often reduced to a bit of bread for his day's meal ; but he was hardy and obeyed his father's strict command fo run round the Charterhouse Gardens three times every morning. From flic Charterhouse he went to Christ Church, Ox ford, and in duo time took liis B.A. He soon became conspicuous as a scholar iu the learned languages, and also for tlie religious earnestness of liis life. He put away all acquaintances tlmt he found injurious to liis soul's health, now modelled his life so as to regulate Ills time, his studies, liis expenses, and chose all his com panions from among thoso that, ho thought likely to help liis efficiency in the ministry, for which he wus now zealously preparing. in 1725 he was ordained hy Potter, thou Bishop of Oxford, and officiated for a while as liis father's curate. But iu 172Gjhe was elected a Follow of Lincoln College (taking liis A.M. degree the same year), and became resident nt Oxford as Greek lecturer and moderator of tlio Passes. He wrote a form of prayer for his pupils, showing how desirous lie was that they should be good as well as learned. His impres sions deepened, and he joined an association which had been formed by liis brother Charles, then an undergraduate of Christ Church, along with James llervey, Whitfield, Morgan and others. They met fo read divinity ou Sunday evenings and classics on other days. And they also arranged to visit tlio prisoners in the castle and the sick poor of the town. Then it came to Greek Testament readings very fre quently on the week evenings instead of tlie classics. 'We were now,' he says, 'about 15 in number, all of one heart and of one mind.' " This little band of workers never amounted to more than 30, and the name of ' Methodists ' came to be applied to its mem bers, at first in a taunting spirit, because they were unusually precise and ' methodic ' in the observance of their religious duties and in the regularity of their lives. Tho association was subsequently scattered in divers directions, some of the associates becoming pronounced high churchmen, but the nitino stuck to Wesley and Whitfield, and, later in their lives, served to distinguish their fol lowers. It was in 1739 that Wesley com menced his system of open-air preaching. From that time his whole life was spent in hard labor for tho consolidation of his new society. He rode 40, 50, even GO miles a day. reading as he rode, and preaching sometimes five times a day. Towards the end of liis life lie exchanged horseback for a chaise, and not the severest weather ever hindered him. His journals are filled with' graphic accounts of his preachings. We extract hfs account of his visit to.' his native 'Epworth : — ' Sunday, Juuo 6, 1742.— A little before the services began I- weht to ' Mr. -Rowley, the'eurato, and offered. to assist him, - either by preaching or reading prayers. Bnt he did not choose to acoept of my assistance. The church was exceedingly full iu the afternoon, a rumor being spread that 1 was to preach. After sermon John Taylor stood iu tlie churchyard and gave notice as the people were coming out : " Mr. Wesley, not being permitted to preach in tlie church, designs to preach hero at G o'clock." Accordingly hy G o'clock I came, and found sucli a congregation as I believe Epwortli never saw before. 1 stood near the east end of the church, upon my father's tombstone, and said, " The Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, bnt righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost" Friday, tlio 11th, I preached again at Epworth, on Kzefciel's vision of tho resnrrcction . of tho dry hones. And great indeed was the shaking among them. Lamonta- tation and great mourning were heard; God bowing their hearts, so that on. every side, as with one accord, thoy lifted up llieir voices and wept aloud, Saturday, the 12th, I preached on the Righteousness of the Law and tlie Righteousness of Faith. While I was speaking several dropped down as dead, and among Ilic rest such a cry was heard of sinner." groaning for tho righteotiMicss of failli as almost diiiwncd my voire. Bui. many of these soun lifted up llieir heads with jov and broke out into thanksgiving, being assured tin-s now had the desire of their souls— tiie forgive ness of their sins." " In the article on " Metho dists" we are told that the "spiritual dead- ness" which had of itself stimulated Wesley's movement was unable to endure it, and hence the intolerant spirit displayed towards it by the Anglican clergy. There is a marked contrast between this stylo of writing and that indulged in last century. Tycrman, in his Life and Times of John ll'fs/cy, tells us, on the nuthority of one of Wesley's letters, "We were assanlted and abused ou every side. Wo were everywhere represented as mad dogs, and treated accord ingly. We were stoned iu tlio streets, and several times narrowly escaped with our lives, fn sermons, newspapers and pamphlets of all kinds we were painted ns unheard of monsters." Iu published sermons hy the Rev. Joseph Trapp, D.D., tho Methodists are declared to " teach such absurd doctrines and second them with such absurd practices as to give countenance to the lewd and debauched, the irreligious and profane." Dr. Trapp hail great contempt for a clergyman of the Church of England who prayed and preached in tlie fields, in tlio country, or in the streets of tho city. " This," ho says, " is perfectly new, a fresh honor to the blessed age in which wo have the happiness to live. I ain ashamed to speak upon n subject which is a reproach not only to our church and country, bnt to human nature itself. Can it promote the Christian religion to turn it into riot, tumult and confusion? To make it ridiculous and con temptible, and expose it to tho scorn and scoffs of infidels and atheists? To the prevalence of immorality and profaneness, infidelity and athe ism, is now added tho pest, of enthusiasm." And Dr. Trapp warns his hearers — "Go not, after these impostors and seducers, but shun them as you would the plague." Another reverend writer of Pembroke College, Oxford, describes the Methodists as "a tag-rag mob using lascivious and blasphemously languishing ex pressions when they talk of the Redeemer's love." The same gentleman further asserts " that they are a set, of creatures of the lowest rank, most of them illiterate and of desperate fortunes ; cursing, reviling and showing their teeth at every one that does not approve of their frenzy and extravagance," and he professes to dread lest they should be " betrayed by their feelings and stretchings into a bed of eternal fire and brimstone appointed for the reception of the lewd, the concupiscent, and tlie blasphemous." Similar language was used in tho law courts. Grand juries made presentments to presiding judges at assizes, beseeching them to put an end to " the villanous schemes of these dangerous assemblies." When we contrast these ravings with the judgment of the world to- day, it be comes difficult to understand how tho descen dants of those who were thus misunderstood in tlie past can now, in their turn, condemn and anathematise further developments in the region of religious conviction. Apart from the limitations in the scope of this volume, io which we have already made reference, its contents arc so full and varied that it must prove of fhe highest value to all who desire information on the subjects of which it treats. We notice in a few places mistakes which could have bceu avoided if the list of contributors had embraced one or two heretical names. Thus in the sketch deal ing with Unitarianism it is stated : — " The supply of Unitarian ministers is chiefly from Manchester College, at York ; some, however, come from the Scotch and Dublin Universities." Many a long year has passed since the " Manchester College at York" became the Manchester New College, con-' nected with the London University. These are, however, slight blemishes. As a compen dium of ecclesiastical history and doctrine, aud a readily accessible source or information ou most matters related to religions exposition, tho volume will occupy a worthy place along with the dictionaries of tlie series, 