General News. , . An Emperor's Humility. — The Times Vienna correspondent, telegraphing on the 7th April says — ' To-day being Maunday Thursday the Emperor went through a time honoured lesson in humility by performing the ceremony of washing the feet of twelve poor men, after hearing High Mass in the palace chapel. His Majesty discharges his functions on these occasions in a very impressive manner, but the usual attraction was this year lessened owing to the absence of the Empress, who, had she been in town, would hare ministered to twelve poor women. The rite occupied only about half an hour, and at its conclusion the twelve almsmen were driven to their homes in Court carriages. Escape from Fifty Kisses. — Lamartine was once visited by a deputation of *' Yesu viennes,' furious female republicans of the petroleuse type. The captain was the spokes woman. She t;j!d him that the ' Vesuvieimes' had come| to tell him how much they loved him. ' There are fifty of us here,' she added, and our mission is in the name of all the others, to kiss you.' This announcement made the poet shudder. The captain of the gang was tolerably good-looking, but the others were a horrible-looking, half-drunken and half-crazy set of viragoes. He was equal to the emer gency. ' Citizen,' said he, ' I thank you from the bottom of my heart. This is certainly the happiest day of my life ; but permit me to say that splendid patriots like you cannot be treated as women. You must be regarded as men ; and, since men do not kiss one another, we must content ourselves with a hearty hand shaking ?' The ladies considered themselves highly complimented. 'Vive Lamartine!' they shouted, and each one of them grasped his hand. When they were gone he looked like a man who had just escaped from a deadly peril. Armed Cruisers.— Profiting by the ex perience of 1885, when a sum approximating to ;£6oo,000 was hurriedly expended in retaining the services of several fast steamers for armed cruisers, the admiralty have quietly concluded arrangements with the White Star and Cunard Lines by which a reserve fleet of mercantile vessels will ke permanently maintained. The formei company place at the disposition of the Admiralty four of their best vessels at a fixed price without any charge, and at fixed rates in the event of hire, and agree to build two new vessels, with all the latest improvements, to be secured for the use of the Admiralty at an annual charge of about ^6,500 for each vessel so long as they carry the mails, or .£8,500 should the mails be withdrawn from them. The Cunard Company already possess two of the fastest steamers in the mercantile marine — namely, the Etruria and the Umbria — and these, with the Anrania, are retained on similar terms to those made with the White Star Com pany, the annual expenditure for the retention amounting to an average of £,$, 400 each. These arrangements will add materially to Eng land's effective naval strength at a very moderate cost. Mr. Charles Miether, of 63 Upper Thames Street, London, E.C., has introduced a patent transparent wire-wove roofing of a remarkable character, to say nothing of obvious utility. It has the appearance of a transparent glue, or gelatine, spread upon a webbing of saiall mesh ^wire, Jwith the glue or gelatine semi plastic by glycerine or other agent, and insoluble and unmeltable by subsequent treatment with alum or iron salts. The treatment, whatever it may be, of the glue or gelatine, gives upon the webbing a roofing material which excludes wet, admits light, and which may readily be removed from any one building and secured upon another. The full measure of the ad vantages claimed for it by Mr. Miether can scarcely be set forth in', a simple paragraph. It is not affected by atmospheric changes like glass roofing, and therefore is more durable. It is tough and elastic and cannot readilv be broken, like glass. It repels the direct action of the sun's rays in summer, and as a non conductor it equally repels cold in winter. It is lighter and more flexible than any other form of roofing, and only needs a light wooden or iron structure for its support. It is strong, and not liable to tear or jag ; and last, it is sold in sheets, which are either 10 ft. by 4 ft. or 5 ft by 4 ft. — Colonies and India. TheHdmax Manufactory. — A man may eat and drink heartily all day, and sit and lounge about doing nothing, in one sense of the word ; but his body must work hard all the time or it will die. Suppose the stomach re fused to work within ten minutes after a heart}' meal, the man would die of convulsions in a few hours ; or cholera, or cramp colic would rack and wreck him. Supposing the pores of the skin — meaning thereby the glan dular apparatus with which they are connected — should get on a ' strike,' he would within an hour be burning up with fever ; oppression would weigh upon the system, and soon be come insupportable. Suppose the liver became mulish, the appetite would be annihilated, food would be loathed, sharp pains would in vade the small of the back, and the head would ache to bursting. Suppose the kidneys should shut up shop, dancer most imminent, suffering unbearable, and death most certain, would be the speedy and most unenviable result. If the little workshops of the eye should close, in an hour he could not shut or open them without physical forces and in another hour he would be blind ; or if those of the tongue should close, it would become dry as a bone and stiff as steel. To keep such a complication of machinery in working order for a lifetime is a miracle of wisdom ; but to work them by the pleasures of eating and drinking is a miracle of beneficence. Woleskley's sheep-shearing machine has created great interest in the pastoral world during the few exhibitions which have been held in order to give practical demonstration of its merits and utility. Another trial took place on the 16th inst. in Sydney, with a view to test the respective merits of this machine and the ordinary shears handled by experienced shearers. A large number of pastoralists from all parts of New South Wales attended as well as shearers, who are naturally prejudiced, and braced themselves together to contest against the machine. Mr. T. H. Geddes, on behalf of Mr. Wolseley, suggested that a committee be formed from the gentlemen present, who would superintend the alloting of the sheep, take time, and generally arrange a thorough test. This was done, and it was decided to start the machine and tne shearer at the same time, and anud great excitement they worked side by side, with the following results : — First trial ; machine time, 7 minutes ; hand time 11 minutes. Second trial ; machine time, 5 minutes 55 seconds ; hand time, 5 minutes 45 seconds. In the second trial, however, the hand-shorn sheep was reshorn by the machine, and yielded 5^ ounces of wool. For the third trial crossbred sheep were chosen (the other tests being -with Merino sheep), with the following results : — machine, 4 minutes ; hand, 5 minutes ; machine again, 3 minutes 50 seconds. These tests were considered eminently satisfactory by the large number of interested spectators who clustered around the machine ; but the highest compliment paid to the inventor was by the shearers, who, although previously unacquainted with even its shape, worked it, much to their surprise, with as much precision as the ordinary workman, and testified their appreciation by unanimously signing in its favour. — Silver A$e. Cirescester College. — A good deal has been talked lately about the Cirencester Farm and College, and as doubtless a number of our readers know little about it, we insert the fol lowing :— The prospectus of the Royal Agri cultural College and Farm at Cirencester shows, says the Live Stock Journal^ that while all due attention is given to scientific instruc tion ample cars is also taken in educating the students regarding the live stock of the farm, the provisions made for the whole coarse of agricultural training justifying the description that it is a noble and national institution, ad mirably equipped; both for practical and scein tific teaching, and, with! its* fanri. live stock, dairy and workshops, &c;, offering splendid advantages to the intending agriculturist, land agent, or surveyor at home, and the intending colonist 'abroad. Horses, cattle, sheep, and pigs are bred on the farm. Of horses there are good teams of high class Clydesdale and other breeds. The sheep are the chief stock — a breeding flock of about 500 Cotteswolds — and its long continued success in the show yard attests its excellence. The Iambs are sold fat or at the large markets. The pigs, about 100, are pedigree Berkshires, noted for size and fattening qualities, and for the numerous prizes they have regularly taken for many years. There are also store and fatten ing cattle, and a selection of specimen cows of best dairy breeds is separately kept by the college for milk supply, butter and cheese manufacture, &c; In addition to the Cottes wold flock and the fattening cattle and the Berkshire pigs on the farm, fine specimens of about 16 other leading breeds of sheep, and selected cattle and pigs of various breeds, are maintained by the college tor teaching pur poses as breeding, lambing, growth and quality of wool, calving, fattening experiments, &c.; In the dairy, the cows selected are specimens of the best dairy breeds — Shorthorns, Ayr shires, Red Polls, Jerseys, Guernseys, and Kerries. — Exchange. A Fortune in a Voice.— The idea that one has a fortune in one's voice has worked much mischief ; for how does a successful amateur picture herself when she contemplates an artist ? Not in the place she can reasonably expect to fill, singing at obscure concerts with small gains, while continuing to study hard, in fact, learning her business, but coming forward in the first rank of vocalists who have earned their laurels by years of toil and struggle. For such a position no amateur, however gifted, can be fitted. Experience is as much needed in the profession of a vocalist as in any other line of busi3es5. The public, whose servant she becomes, is perhaps the most good natured in the world. To a debutante it is always kind, to old established favourites constant, even en thusiastic, whilst they have a shred of voice left ; but it is not eager to take a new singer to its heart. We are a commercial people, and the average concert goer must be convinced that he is having the worth of his money to be satisfied. There are hundreds of well- trained singers who never come to the front at all, for the difficulty of getting a hearing increases each year. So do the qualities and acquirements necessary to enable a singer to keep her place when she has struggled into it. Beside posses sing an exceptional voice, cultivated in the best method, she must learn her business as an artist,, a business in the highest degree tedious and complicated. An amateur chooses her own songs, or arranges for the performance of a work which specially suits her voice. An artist wuo has her way to make, on the contrary must be ready to take up what is wanted by concert managers or by the fancy of public at the moment. She must study, not only all the standard musical works, but the important new ones as they are produced ; for, though she may very likely never have the opportunity of singing them, on the other hand, one of her best chances of becoming known may lie in being suddenly called upon to take the place of a great singer who is indisposed. There is no mortification greater to a young artist than to be obliged to refuse such an opening because ch(» is nof Tfjiriv mth the work. ? iThe ' Ghost' Story. — The Blackrock correspondent of the Northetn Argus writes on May 24 : — ' Since the 7th inst. the resi dents of this part have been in a state of great excitement over the Yanyarrie and Cradock ghost story, the subject of it, the little girl Schultze, being brought here by her father upon the abave date, in consequence of Mr. and Mrs. Hamdorf s reluctance to keeping the child any longer. Sufficient has been wit nessed here by many persons, myself amongst the number, to convince us that the reports ap pearing from Cradock were not exaggerated, although unaccountable. Knocking has been heard here when the child was sound asleep, but she seems under some strange and powerful influence during the time the knocking con tinues, as her arms are restless and her head rolls about from side to side. Having heard that upon touching her hair whilst in this state the person so doing would experience a shock as of electricity, I once or twice attempted this, but each time upon putting my hand close to her head, without touching her, she gave a sharp spring in the bed to avoid the contact, though still asleep, and casting her head about, sighing, and tossing her arms. As soon as the knocking, which appeared to be under the wall and close to the child's head, ceased she became quite calm, and her sleep natural. Shortly after ths knocking ceased she was awakened, and asked several questions, but denied any knowledge of what had transpired during the time she was under this strange in flnwire. Mr. Rodefhiere. to whose Dlace she and her brother have been taken by the father, has been very much annoyed by the crowds coming there to witness these manifestations. Though perfectly willing to give every facility, The knocking is not heard regularly every night, neither does it come at the same time each night. The whole family seem very anxious to have the matter solved, and are per fectly willing to afford every reasonable facility to any person wishing to investigate it. A neighbour of Mr. Schultze's from Eurilpa, who knew the child well up there, informed me to day that she has lately fallen away very much, although she still seems to quite lively and cheerful. Several persons who have seen the child whilst under this influence cannot account for the statement given by Mounted- constable Shegog concerning the affair that the child was causing the knocks herself. I can positively assert that the child is subject to some yet un accountabie influence, and I trust the question may be soon solved satisfactorily.' An American paper has the following in a description of the abuse of the hospitality of the Chinese Minister at Washington in the end of last month — The scene enacted at the Chi nese Minister's ball last night by the selfin vited and uninvited mob that took possession of the ballroom, and supper-room more partic ularly, have never been equalled in Washing ton. When it was known that the Minister intended to give a ball be was beseiged by requests for invitations. He gave out 400 in response to appeals. One senator's wife, who had asked for invitations for four friends, was heard to say coolly to him a few days ago, ' Ob, I am much obliged for those extra in vitations yon sent, and I may want some more.' Another lady, the wife of a prominent official, wrote to some Philadelphia friends ask ing them if they would not like to come down to the Chinese ball. They responded with alacrity, and said they could not imagine any thing more unique than a Chinese ball, and that they would be delighted to come. They arrived, and then only the woman thought about writing to the Minister to ask for the four invitations. A secretary answered in a brief note, saying that it would be impossible to extend any more inwitarions. The woman was in a dilemma, and appealed to her fans band. He said, ' You should not have said anything about it, but just have taken them along with you.' In the end she took them along with her, in the face of the point-blank refusal, and they apparently enjoyed the even ing. In spite of the hints and plain notices in the paper that uninvited guests would not be welcome, many presumed to take friends and relatives with them unbidden. One Con gressman who makes ringing anti-Chinese speeches and votes for restrictive acts took five women besides his wife. A senator marshalled seven extra people. An admiral is credited with leading in a file of ten— all as if it were the most natural thing in the world and rather a kindness to the host. When the dining-room doors were thrown open a mob rushed in as if tarnished. Men fell upon the table like wild beasts,' and snatched and fought and gorged themselves. A solid .wall. of men, six deep, were before the table for all ttie tJrfre the room was open. Several times the doors were closed and the tables left empty for a few minutes to clear away some of the gluttons who were eat ing steadily for half an hour without moving. The punchbowls were emptied before the streams from the refilling pitchers ceased. Champagne was poured into goblets anl tossed off like water. Men even forced their way into the house and went into the supper -room in overcoats, with hats in their hands, and strug gled to the edge of the table. 