. _ _ l u d t t C t i o l l O f t u e M c ll)ly i* C » the Bov. I . £ . McIntyre g -- j - ^ 7 " p lc8b C l^ c h , Mac- « ■ . , Notwitotand.ng VotwitauindinK the heavy „ a . good congregation assembled. The Rev. a Doctor, (Soroll) preached the sermon from John xsi. 16. Talriog as hi* text the words, “ Simon, son of Jonas, lowest thou me.’ The Rev. J . Sooti, Moderator of the H obart Presbytery, then ascended the pulpit, and said that, by instruction of the Presbytery, it was his duty to give a f v e ir brief narrative of the stej s that had led to the institution of the proceedings in which they were then engaged I t was not necessary that he should dwell at sny length on the ja tt, but he m i^ht state ikat this place of worship having befn closed for s-ine time it was thought desirable that they should take steps to reopen it for ihe stated worship of the Almighty. Toe Presbytery, having taken the matter into consid* ration, ___, communicated to the Home Mil _ Commit- ___ tee their d»6ire that some should be aroointed to minister tb*r.‘fora Eeasjoat • least. \- r m, Tbe 11 Rev. . _ r I. R T7 . I M f clniyre h having .« in . keen for some short period in the colony, the commiitce expressed to him their desire towards the- close of iaBtyear that he should begin setvioe there. The services had been regularly conducted since tbe beginning ot December last, and tbe measure of success th a t had attended them was such that in one seaion those worshipping there were formed into one congregation. congregnuuu. A committee of manage ^ q m ent was elected which had earn- d on the work entrusted to it. On 45 ay 25 lsstth e members held a meoting pr; sided overby the Rev. J . Black, when it was imammou-ly decided to usk Presby tery fo r permission to make a call to aminister. A te meeting of Presbytery on May 31 tu alre quest was very cordially gtantrd, and on the loth June the Rev. J. Black presideded at a meeting of the congregation, when a unanimous call issued in favor of the Rev. I. K . M cIntyre. On June 24 at a meoting of the Prasbytery, th»t call was cordially sustained, and as cordially sccepted, by M r M cIntyre. I t was thereupon decried that the servioe ui which they were then engaged should be they testified their adhe onoe to the call whioh the hod given. The cooertgation having signifiea assent, the usual questions were p u t to the miaister tnd satisfactorily aniwi-rcd A hymn having l eon sane, the Motferatorde-cendedfrom the pulpit aud gavo ihe right hand of fellowship to th e new pa*tor. Reasceading the pu pit, M r Scott fo mally decla ed “ In ihe name of ihe Lord Josu6 Christ and by the appointment of the Presbytery, i receive aod admit vou to tbe ffice of pastor of this church, and may vrece, mercy, and peace from God the Faihcr, Sou, aod Holy Ghost, be with yon always."—The Rev. J . Black then de ivcr<?d tbe addre.s to the ministor. He said tha; the office of ihe holy ministry was not a light one. S t Paul had large ideas of the work wiih which Lo had been entrusted when he said, “ I magnify miiie office." Tbe office of the ministry had its g n a t privlogos; it bad also its groat responiibil ties, so that^i a t times constrain'd to e t ', “ VVko suffi.fint for these thing*?" B u tin t midst of all tie labors, toils, and difllcul tiespertainiog jto the ofiho there was this oncouraacmeat—that till grate cf Him who had given the ca’l was buflicient. It wss therefore in humble dependence on th at grac-j that he would go forth lo the discharge of (he manifold services wbi h would br required of him. It would be iucnmbeat ou Li cd, ns far as _in him lay, to lake part in fulfi ling the M atter's orler to His ihurch — lo preach the Gospel to every creature. The high honor of going forth into the field hud fallen upon the minister inducted ibat right in hia haviog been caliid to the wurk, sad Chrirt the Lord' would look to him to faithfully preach the gofljjtl wh'ch he bad committed to him, and to cany that gospel to every creature undvr tis paitoral overrignt, and to lead souU to Cliriat; and to o&rry; that out would require tbe fenergies ot both body and mind, but he must not be discouraged if he did not perceive sny fru tto hia labor. It m ghtbe tb atitw as reserved for another tosebth# fruitb, but if.he was peim iitsi to pee it he was to thank God and tike courage. —T h ebev.W . R. M oncursddicssed the cjugrog ticn, worniug them that th ry •most, n o tc lojk for perfection in tlioir ministbr. wli6 was a mao of like passions with thetn&vlves.; A I t was the duty o f ihe W D ,re ^ o n to w aist tie minister.Id th . „£ o f Lho Church, it ail * him. They might assist him by pray by work, and by sympathy. They thrm- sriyei required to be Christiana, and to respect thsir pastor in th e discliarge of his du ies. A few practical hints were given relative duties of paator a n l peorio The 122nd ‘Psalm having teen chanted by tJ ie d io ir, and UiD Benedict,oa pronoun ed, . n onporLumty i u afforded tlio congreKttUoo to welcome iheir : : z % l : u - ch tbo,e A tea mottibg will be held in St. John'* Schoo'room on Friday ercn;ng at 6.80. fthehA-sooial greeting will l>e extended to M r Mclntyi Wc liave Teetlnootala from InfluenU*! people, ^ ,o ewort ll lb|hrl>otia, that {■ a gonuioo ptopantlon, MIXTURE ■(ailing to,gly«i roijof,, and uHlmatety coring tlw »o«t ehronlo cue. v kil-m L V E Il * OO.'S OOBOB TUBE abould to in evory Louaobpld. lor on© will prove ito superiority over *11 otijer preparv Uonf. ■*iaio"*b'uinillon Ale nr<mOT»o5'Wlo.W' , Spirit F orei, oomar of IHver and AnttUWtjW'< polilic 5 BwienU.to hi« ptoflalloP iJeoho i u, vMoli W* k»*n«4 - Anato•lion a ill.fi oolonlee anlonlM j . ftUp, .I u . to Ia fall UBWu OlA'|—Ol UI flewlfc p e t i t e ' niavnva iu paper*.—O ." Nicbolw Proprietor. ueteitiVifirw 