THE CANADIAN TEMPERANCE LECTURER IN GEELONG. On Saturday afternoon the Rev. D. V. Lucas, M.A., the temperauce advocate and loaal option lecturer, from Canada, arrived in Geelong from the metropolis. He was met by a number of friends of the Gospel Teinperanco Mission, and welcomed to this town, and be will open a campaign this evening in the Mechanics' Hall. Yesterday forenoon he conducted divine worship in the Yarra-street Wcsloy.m Chnreh, but the congregation was not a large one, owing, no doubt, to the tliicl: misty weather which prevailed throughout the day. Mr Lucas is a deliberate speaker, of robust voico, and makes himself beard distinctly. Gifted with ft fair command of language, be is able to control the attention of his bearers whilst he endeavors to force borne to tbem the facts of his argument—the outcome of his own opinion, dorivod, as he Bays, from deep and consistent thought, general experiences, and his acquaintance with humanity. - Ho cboee for bis text at the morning service tho 132nd Realm, 13th, 14th, and 15th verses, commencing with thn words, " For the Lovd bath chosen Zion." The rev. gentleman, referring to the expressions in the verses, said thut it was evident that two persons were speaking, and tha fact that Zion had been cho?«n as the Lord's habitation was significant ami worthy of attention. Zion had been highly honored among all the bills in being made the locality for the home of David, and on being enlarged took in Jerusalem and all the ancient people of God. It embraced the whole church of God on earth. Thoy natu rally asked what was the church of God on earth 1 He pointed out that it embraced the whole of the religions organisations which placed Jesus Christ at their head and acknowledged that through Him only could they expect to obtain everlasting Balvation. It would be very unjnst for them to with hold from any religions organisation the appellation of Christian, if it placed at its head the acknowledgment that Christ was indeed the Son of God,and that through Him alone pardon for their sins could be obtained. There were, no doubt, or ganisations in existence with which they might not altogether agree, but, when they bonnd thomselves together and placoil Christ at their head, they were constrained to acknowledge them as Christian. They were all endeavoring to build up the samo edifice—that Church of God in which they trnsted to be numbered—and to receive that crown of glory which had been promised. They had not yet been able to persuade the Chinese, nor to induce the inhabi tants of Hindostan, to believe that it was through Christ that thoy looked for salvation, and that it was God who had made the great saoriiice of His Sou that thrnngh His death the people might be saved. Those organisations which placed Christ at their head were composed of Chris tian people, and thoy deserved all the support and encouragement that it was in their power to acoord, for tbsy all formed part of the Chnroh of God on earth. They all knew that there were many eohisme and denomina tions, and no doubt theirpeceliar views might be wrong, bnt they all thanked God that so far as making Christ their head was cous cerned they were right. As Wcsleyans, they were thankfal to God for having given them sneh a man as John Wesley, to promalgate Christian views and principles. Ha deeply regretted that many of the young men of the Wesley an Methodist porsuasiou were ashamed of their organisa tion, and wanted to rnn away from it. The various organisations having Christ at their head were doing grand work throughout tho world in building up the glorious living tempio of God. The spiritual House of God was in men's hearts, and all who believed with true Christian spirit that Christ gave np bis lifn for them, and who led pure Christian lives, would he saved. The Chnreh of God had beenbiought out of darkness through tho reformations of the eixteenth eeutury, aod since then had been gradually becoming united. There was no end to tho blessings of God ; there was practi' cally an inexhaustible supply, and encourage ment was given to all men to batho freely in the river of life, and drink of its waters. In the afternoon tho rev. gentleman visited the Sunday school in connection with the Bame place of worship, and delivered a brief and interesting address to the scholars, parents, and friends. A Gospel Temperance Bine Ribbon meet ing was held laBt evening by the Rev. Dr. Lucas in the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute. About SOO persons were present, and Mr Wm. Humble presided. The stage was fnlly occupied by the members of tho specially organised choir, who were under the leadership of Mr W. Gurr. After the opening liymn, and prayer, tbo chairman delivered a brief address on the object of the gathering and the forthcoming oampaigu in favor of local option, and then the Rev. D. V. Lucas gave an instructive and interesting leoluro, selecting as his text, "No man livoth unto himself, nor dieth unto himself." He exercised full sway over his audience from the commsncemont of his speech, exhibiting earnestness and vigor that seemed almost to force conviction. Amongst other illuatra tions of the consistency of creation, he stated that tho stars and othor heavenly bodies preserved their unity and their harmony, in the same way that God had ordained that mankind should prsservo the harmony and unity of the race of Adam. If any discord occnrred in tho latter case it could only bo because of the disobedience of man, and his sin in breaking the laws of God. SpeakiDg of man's siufnl relaxation, be referred to tho subject of saicido, and vividly portrayed the position of the self-destroyer—the terrible feeling that he had come into the world helpless and was going out of it in the same plight — forsaken of man, and forsaken of God. That feeling wonld be intensified by the fact that every one of them had to depend npou others for decent bnrial, and therefore cunld not carry their selfishness even to their grave. There was not a merchant in theie town who conld avoid " going to smash " if they all Btood aloof from him. But it was a terrible thing when they violated the universal law in its higher Bense. They eould not live for themselves alone —they oonld not evade the law. They must live for others in Bpito of themselves— whether for their harm or good. God had so constituted them that they insensibly inflnoneed one another. The blessed Apostle had said to tho disciples "Ye aie our epistles," and his utterance was a glorious exposition of the trnth. It embodied the true Gospel—they walked as Christ had walked—they wore living Gospels, and thero was no need of written gospels in Latin, Greek, or Hebrew. Hie text could he proven in its lowest grade—in its commercial sense—no man could profitably live unto himself. Higher was the charity that fed the hungry and clothed tho naked ; and | higher atill was the example that they set j others. The cardinal sin of selfishness ate | np mankind s better natnre. As an instance, ; the speaker quoted the oaroer of Cardinal Wolsey, who died inglorionsiy after a reign of power, and recited the speech to hie secretary, Thos. Cromwell, which Shakspoare has accredited to the dying churchman. Ho i (Dr. Lucas) ascribed Wolsoy's disgrace at | tho bauds of Henry VIII. to bis innate [ selfishness, and said that that was the rock on which they all would split, beoausoit was neither in harmony with God nor with truo religion. In his fnrther remarks, Dr. Lucas stated that he believed that there was once an eternity when only God existed—infini tely hippy in Himself, because infiuitely perfect, Sceptics might doubt it, bnt they could not romove tho mystery by donbtiug the theology. He looked agaia, ami ho behold a multitude of worlds. Ho askod what they were created for, and be heard that they were the manifestation of God's power and glory. He conld not believe that God was so selfish, and Ije sought counsel from the Bible. He came there across the word " Fatherand he marvelled that the same term conld be applied to the one whose name he in infancy first lisped, and the great Jeho vah, alike. He then by dogrees realised tho incomparable beauty of the word — tbo greatest word in Gods book—and compre hended tho Fathers desire to sharo His felicities with beings capable of sharing tbem with Him—with tho angels , before the Throne and with bnman beings on earth. The oldest testament they had was that of Nature. They then had the Old: and the New Testament, and they also bad the newest testament of all—tbe testimony of tho Holy Ghost to man, which was written on their hearts, and which had served to reunite them to tbe family of God. He took the Bible not only as the gift of God, through His Son, bat, asunder God, tho gift of those Englishmen who, hundreds of years ago, gave them the privilege of reading it in tho British tongue. He took it, because on its contents was based the British constitution, and he wrapped both Bible and Constitution in tho folds of the grand old Union Jaok. Ho impressed upon his audience the fact that theyjhad a glorious heritage and a 1 great and new con 're, ami they should jealoaeiy guard the privileges won for tbem on tho Held of battle by their fathers. Referring to the drink traffic! ho said that in Victoria 10,000 persons annually were locked up aud made criminals through its agency. It was tho duty of the people to suppress the traffic They should imitate the example of their forefathers, and widen their I sphere of liberty. He declared his full belief that in loss than half a centnry there would he no liquor traffic conducted in any country under the British flag. Five years ago au anti liquor crusade took place in Cnuada ; it had progressed marvellously, and in another ten years, he believed, the liquor trado in the Dominion would becomo a thing of tho past. He trusted that a similar beneficial result would be the outcome of tho labors of the temperance advocates in Victoria. Tho meeting was brought to a conclusion in the usual manucr. 