Now that Sir Henry Parkes has beon whitewaslied returned for St. Loonards unopposed, and that a fund, is being got up to keep him froa of duns in lis de clininK yoarB— those dunB who have stuck to him liko leeches since he picked up tho historical nsponce in ftio streets of Sydney— we cannot seo why tho work of the country, tho most important larliumont nasi hadforvenrs, should not fit once proceed, and tho At»- I aembly give to it its undi.ided attention. En passant, wo hope that tho Parkes I' nnd uill bo hedged round as was tho i'-lOOO granted by tho Victorian i Parliament to Mr Lalor, else Sir llenry will be with out a shilling in throe months— such ia the uuture of the man. And further, wo may 8tato here, frankly and froely, that wo boliovo *uch a fund should pro coodeutirely from tho-io who lioliere in Sir Honry, I and not from tho public pur-o. Sir Joint Roliortsmi ! nnd Mr Lilur Ibid i-lniin-. nj '' tho wlmlo people, which I niado P.uliiiinont:iry gniiits almost ilof-nsiblo in tliojr caaos. but wo ilofy anvono to show any nru it public servico of Sir lloury Parkos. Th it ho is — unhappily — our only clover in.in. our only orator, our only statosman, in tho diplomatic aonse. wo I'rooly cincolo, but wo defy auyono to nhow tlbit any valuablo or groat rnoasiiro iu tho stututo l»3ok was pa^sod by him. Tho Education Actcortainly d--OH not bolon^ to liim. I Moro than this : tho interminable Mon'.a^uo aud C'apnlot personal contests botween Parkos and Robort son did moro iu our opinion to retard tho progress in this groat colony, which onc;ht, through its oxtont aud rosourcos, to bo ahead of orory othor colony, than any thing oUo, In those merely personal contorts tho truo interosts of tho count'y woro entirely foi'eotton. It was not until tho Stuart, combination wroitcd tho Government out ..f tho Parko- Robortson hands that tho intorosts of tho country began to bo con.sidorod. But tho proaout mainly concerns us, and wo aro most anxious that tbo busino u before Parliament should ho at ouco proceeded with. It is absurd of co'irso to think tho important moasuros which the Promior pro mined at St. Leonard's rccontly will bo passed this session. Parliament must bo of a very diffi-ri-ut constitution to what it has boon to pass thorn in thren yoars. Butthoroare two moasures boforo t!J.o Uou»o which both sidos wo think conld nnito to pass; tho Land and District Govornmont bills. Tho Liud Bill appears'to 113 a fnirattompt to ropoil tho mistakoi of tho 1881 Act. It does not aueins to usto touch any prin ciple, and it scorns to have mut with gonoral accept-.; ? n-- Tf t.hnrn lira details which 1IWV bo tllOlfcht fraught with dangor, tho Govornmont will no doubt ucccpt tho adrico of tho Opposition if giren fairly. As to tho District Qn.ornment Bill, it really ap pears without all iw, and ought to pass in a wook. Of course when it is put into prnctieo orro-'S are cortain to bo fouiul, but they 'can ver 1' easily bo romedjod. Wo say without hesitation that if Parliament likos thoso bills can bo pas-o l into law thii sossion. They aro far more important than tho Insolvo-^cy Bill, about which tho Ministry has mado such a fuss. Tho Opposi tion can do itsolf 110 good by tho obstruction of such mpasur03. Iu fact all the Opposition should do in this Parliamont is to oducato tlioir party outaido tho House. If they allow urgent logi-lation to pas», if they do their part, and help to m:iko those bills per feet, thon they will earn the gratitude of tho country, and at tho next oloction thoy will bo alilo to piano tho auostion boforo tho noople of freotrado or protection, and obtain a verdict that will bo of valuo becauso unclouded with personal aud othorqaostions. : A coscRRTis to bo giv.en undor the patronago of A. P. Stewart.. Kail'1, v cm Tuosday, NovcmUbr '15th. 'pro ceoJs to go towards reducing tho dotit 011 tilt) Con veut buildini!. We understand that tho most ; gil'te.d amateurs intond giving choir services on this occasion. I It is needless to say that those responsible for the debt will feel. exceedingly grateful for all kindneaso? shown in'thoso matlors. At the Police.Court on.Tuesday an old woman Mrs Macdonald, charged' with Ibsing ofun»ound miud, was disehiiigei);'. The old woman said Bho -would find her: way back to Wagga; _ ? ?? Wk have received a' pamphlet entitled ' Our Syd ney Moat,' l.y Jolih' 'B. JD6nkin. ' Tlie writor approves of country killing, and follow* much .the same lines ;as thoso laid down in an articlo in the.. Grazier bomVtlme ago. ?' ' ? ' It is said on tho boat authority that tbo application of chloroform to tho top of the ton^iio wilL iuatantly ure snakobite. I*: ii ea-y for buMhmon, surveyors, etc, to carry a small phial. Tho cure is well kuown in California. 1 Bv tho last Gaeette wo notice our courteous ana efficient Police Siib- Iiispocto'*, Mr Smith, ha3 boon promoted from the second to tho first cla99. No officer in the Borvico can moro deserve it, and his friends in Hav, Walgett, and other places will be glad to hoar of it. Tub matron of the Hospital will be thankful for donations of old linen. It will answer tho samo purpose ub lint for drossing wouuda, and aa tho hitter is proving a coatlv itom to tho institution house holders would' materially assist in the reduction of the expense, by sending in their old and worn out linen* Nothing is too old or too svorn' to answer the purpose. ' Mi; Geyeu has taken some splendid views of Hay sconory, some of which are to be been in his window. Thoy include one of the Public School, and several of ateamors. Mr Goyor has reached a groat degree of excollonce in landscape photography. Mr Butterwokth sell furniture at his mart to morrow (Wednosdav) — see advt. An astounding' affair has recently occurred iu Syd ney. It is 6tated on good authority that in the caso of a person found guilty of a soxual oirunce, one of tho judgos rocommendod that the Executivo communicato with tho prisoner to ascortaiu whether ho would bo willing to submit to his body being mutilated to a cortain oxtent. Tho judgo «aid ho beliovod the man would not object, and in formal official language he advised the Executive to put thom-selvos in private communication with tho offender. The Premier inti mated that tho suggestion was outrageous, and could not oven bo thought of by the Executive, It was receutly eablegraphed that MrSpureeon had determined to withdraw from tho Baptist Union in consoquenco of divergence of views on doctrinal ques tions. He refuses to. contiuuo in tho Uniou at the. exponso of giviug up his beliof in tbo doctrine of tho atonoment of Christ, and in the personality of tho Holy Ghost. Ho justifies hi3 bolief in saving by faith, aud in tho doctrino of eternal puuishmont,srhich somo members deny. Tho doctrino of eternal punish-: ment seoms losing hold in all tho churches. . 'It is time,' said Air Vivian Graham, at the land holders' meeting at Armidale last weok, ' to throw: asido the name of squattorand soleetor, and nnito as one body.' Time iudeod, wo sho ild think. . Atull Bench at tho \Vator Police Court, Sydney,, decidod a publican could only hold a liconse for one booth.' A couuEsi'ONDENT of tho Ararat Advertiser spoaks vory favorably of the ICimborley reefs. Thore aro about 4U0 peoplo on the fiold. The writer says some of tho reels contain th' richest specimens over seen in tho werld. He says : 'it is ray firm belief that a groat many will yet regret leaving hero so soon, after incurring all tho expense of coming up, and theu to turn tail, iu many instance*, before roaching tho field. Thev were simply led by what thoy heard, and I must admit the Stories were not calculated to inspire one with hope.' '*'? J Mr T. Uobertso.v took an nctivo part , in tho , pro- i ceedings of the Anglican Svnod, jti Svd noy.' The R«;v Dr Corlette moved tho following motibn/uhich was carried 'That this' synod desires rosj.octfullv to refer:the following subject to the consideration of th e Lambeth Conference — namely, tnat in tlie opinion of this synod repent and projected changes of ihe laws relatiug to marriage and divorce in cortain British colonics ronder it expedient that tho testimony of the Anglican communion to the true nature aud limits of marriage according to Christian tea -hing . should bo strengthened by tho joint action aud clear testimony of tho whole episcopate, and that tho Moat Rev. the Primate be requestor! to bring thn resolution before the notice of tho conference.' MrT. Robertson so conded tbo motion and suizgestod that in tho event of it being carried tho p-esident should bo authorised to tolegrapb tho result home, in tho hope of influencing the Queen aoainst civine her anthotitv to the bill. A further fall ot £4 per share has takon place in Bank of Now Zealand, aharas in London, and tho panic h*s affected other bank shares.' Uniou, Austra lasia, and New South Wales, have declined £\ per share. English Scottish has fallou 10s. Mr Fascnek intend* to giro iu chargo anyone, without re?poct of poiaonB, found taking flowers or plants from tho Park. Tho thofts of flowora aro vory aggravating; tho most cherished rose* being taken whon moro buds. Young trees havo be'n stolen. Prbsmterian Church.—' Tho Rov John Macintosh M.A., will preach in tl.a Hay Church on Sabbath, tho 6th inat, morning and evening (i- v.) The uow JJiotrict Government Bill neoms to givo our Couucil pause, with its 410 clauses. At the ordi nary meeting on Thurs lay thoy refused to tackle it, though the Town Clerk had mado a precis, A special meeting wascallod on Monday to discuss the Bill. MrTrovonawas tho firnt Alderman to appoar, eager for the fray. Tho Mayor dropped in about eight, thon Mdorincn Byrne, Witeombe, aud Baxter The last alderman appoared about half p;iet 8. The aldermen looked at tho ponderous bill and then at the clock, aud decidod thore was not time to discuss it, so the mooting did nothing. Alderman Witcombo wanted to know, out of resnoct to tho bill, whon it would bo takon up. llio JUuyor saii it would bo con sidered at a convenient aonso' ; quoting sjripture un wittingly, aud being unaware Lhut the 'convouiont sea son' is provorbially supposed never to come. A meeting was to h'ivo beeu held at tho Academy of Music on Friday night to form a Rifle Corps, but owing to the sparsity of attendance, it did not take placo. Names will bo takon by Captain Haynos or Color-Sorgoant Gould, The Town Clerk desiros to thank Mr John Toodd, Quandonjs, lor thn pro-^ont of live nice young black swans, They havo been placed on tho lako with the two adults ak'o.idy, and all beem 'happy together,' The Town Clerk would like other persons in the coun try to send similar contribution!, ? : ' ' V'U ? ? Kiticiency drill H R.C. 8 this oroning: Rifle practico takes place at tho Butts to-morrow at half p.iat two, ^ I C'Jiujjcii of IC.vm.SNn, Hay ~ -Divine Service as urnal [ at St. Paul's Cau oh. Holy Cotnmuui »n at forouoon j sorvico. Thk following remarks from tho Narrandera Argus i aro good : 'Why will Sir Honry Parkos persist in posing as a saint, insto d of a very commonplaco old mm, with a vory strong da-h of tho h -mbug. Asa statesman he is somewhat of a failuro. Tho fow last yeiira of his career havo do*troyod tho faith re« posod in him as tho nearo^t approach to a statosman that wo pos^ossod i-i tho colony. Uo is not ao'id stone ; not evou plain bricks aud mortar; he is.bturco in front, lath unci plastor bchiud. Ho moves a crowd to sympathy by a wail; he carrios it with him by a whimpor. Tho soft soap of adulation lathers him into an autocrat.; but tho cold bhower hath of in dependence washos all this, as woll as tho oxisti^g Htarch out of him, ami ho cmnos out, not honostly glowinjr, but wrinkled and woo becono.' The Windsor railway accident will cost the Vic torian Govornmont doar. Mr Parkos' relatives got £13,000, and Miss Herbert, a tailoross, has be- on awarded iM,f-00. A Momsuiel correspondent write* that tho right namo of tho person to whom an accident happened at Whoalbah was Crnig, not Burns, and comments un favorably upon him. Furniture. — Mr Butterworth sells a lot at the mart to-morrow. Tho things will likoly go vory j cheap; 