DISTRICT NEW? S. (FILeY oUR VAAIOUS c0RRaSrOoXENTS.) Wallsend. A GENEnAL meeting of the members of the Horticultural Society was held on Monday evening at Mrs. Parkas' Grapes Hotel. There was a good at tendance. Mr. Elijah Aboll occupied the chair. The secretary (Qr. Thos. Curry) announced that the list of en trios received for poultry, pigeons, and canaries exceeded any previous year, the number received being 154. A large number of special exhibits would also be shown. Notably amongst this class in the poultry were two white- crested black Polish, which will be by Mr. T. C. Wrightson. En tries had been received from Single ton, Maitland, Newcastle, and all parts of the district, and on account of the increased number it was re solved to make application to the New castle Poultry Society for the hire of 80 coops. It was also decided to en gage the lower hall in addition to the large hall of the School of Arts, and arrangements will be made for all ex hibits of sewing, drawing, .painting, and special exhibits in the lower hall. This will. be a decided improvement on previous shows, as formerly this class of work was exhibited on the stage, the result being that a large number never saw them, and the ex hibits could not be seen to advantage. I would suggest to the committee the advisability of enlisting the services of some of the ladies in arranging the sewing, drawings, and paintings; and I am sure if the suggestion is adopted they will have no cause to regret doing so. Our tastefully-arranged bazaars, when ever held, are sufficient proof. Before the close of the meeting, arrangements were made for attending to the hall decorations and all other matters of detail, and it only remains for fine weather to favour the committee, when, I am certain, the Wallsend and Plattsburg Horticultural, P., P., and Canary Show of 1887 will be a great success. In conclusion, I would just remind the public that the dates of holding the show are Thursday, Fri day, and Saturday, the 20th, 21st, and 22nd October. As announced, the grand concert in aid of the Presbyterian Church debt will take place in the School of Arts on Thursday evening. It is not often that our Presbyterian friends make a call on the public; and when they do, they, as a rule, endeavour to give full value for the money received. On this occasion there can be no question, as the combined church choirs have for some time been in active practice preparing for the production for the first time in Wallsend of the cantata, "Esther, the Beautiful Queen," and on Thursday evening the public of Wallsend and Plattsburg will be favoured with a musical treat that has not been excelled in the dis trict; so that, irrespective of the object for which the concert has been inaugurated, the entertainment itself is sufficient recommendation. I ex pect to see a crowded house, as a large number of tickets have already been disposed of, and those desirous of securing a comfortable seat had better take time by the forelock, secure their tickets, and attend early. to avoid the crush. On Thursday the exhibition of sewing, drawing, and painting in connection with the Plattsburg public school will take place, when it is ex pected that a number of the parents of the children will be present. There will be a large number of exhibits, and in addition to the encouragement thus given to foster and cultivate the latent talent of the children, the exhi bition will be well worth a visit. A number of the boys and girls will recite select" pieces, recitations, and dialogues, and therefore encourage the children by your attendance. The fact that their efforts have been ap preciated will act as a powerful incen tive to perform greater things, and encourage others to become competi tors in future exhibitions. I again repeat that the parents who can pos sibly attend should do so. If you desire to bring out and theroughly test the abilities of your children, set before them a task and encourage them in their efforts. The children will also have a treat in the way of fruits, lollics, &c.; On the whole, Thursday promises to be a red- letter day in connection with the Plattsburg public school. On Thursday evening Darcy Rend's company will give one of their enter tainments, entitled "Darcy Road's Ghost," in the hall of the Plattsburg Mechanics' Institute. I understand that this powerful company have just finished a most -successful season at Maitland, and intend doing three nights at Wallsend in the above hall prior to pioceeding on to Newcastle. No doubt we will be favoured with further particulars in your advertising columns. 