(acascuna) When Jack stepped off the D otiny, at Zehanmiab Sal and Co.'s wharf at 'airnarboc. after that voyage, clean, pale, cood-natured, and aer. rtat use tsat he would get ehatve before he herried tome to Teen. and wisin he couldt ay the rroaera bill upon the wt,. and t,. klng that in delfnlt of this, he would start an a?rouns at the market, and carry her a chop or a eaneoce, in fact think in about her with an at:aorttion which re s?ntled Considera:ion. if no: afetion-~ soddenly he canght- her name upon the wharves It mar hbave been soad of ns-dent, or o! the derl-G.d knew; they may have been too drCrk tr., ):ice Jack at the ritt, or they may have t'eo and scented from afar the ba: d b!ino they ntirred, like the hounds they were It wt!l never be tld. The csrndal e: these placee is increc?bfr barharos ; but it is le.e than the hoarharty of drinking men to, a man who orr keh not from amceg them. selves, and fiante for his repectal.:lity. The word, were few-they are not for n-o -but they were eroozh to do the deed. Jack wae qic tesober. lie undientood. Ttiy acatled toe honoor o! his home, th, truth of hie wife ; :he, h lJ elder t.art at her anrd t himseelf: tey derided the tenet which he had iu hir in bhener ; they one red at the 'refortmed r?t' whose do'ntatec procr.tre were--a they wre ; they ezulted over him with the ezr:ttirn in the ei ht cf the havoc wreolhb:. which is the meot ineaxlicable irn. an'ee of evil rverybody knew how hot-b!noded Jack wat; and when the fury rathed red over his face painv:d stey by abtierce, etere was at tnart rta::e;nri pon the whabrte. Hif h t clhaped to h e pocket; hout his was an t l. c 'etp, rutty pistol (he had saa;ped a C.le and his t awei for itoare, upon a spree, and g)t cheated); it held hbut one cartr:d.e, a+ d his wries shock. Toe shot went phot'etina into the water, and no harm came of it. Jck jammed the pistol back ir.to hispocket; he glared abouat ham madly, but had his ctare for his pair. ; the men were afraid of Lim ; he was alone opan the wharf. It can hardly he sail that he hesitated. Would the: it could Raving to himself head do?n, hand, clenched, feet stumbline like a tib;d man'e-the fliberman sank into toe Ota: o.en door he taggered by, as a etiC r pieted be an invleithe swordfish sinks i eto t a,- e. ItI bad fifteen inch places to p+ee before he treched hit hooete. His wntacc terc-ua they Were-at beet. fte drnctk for half an hoar-no boar-a hall more-came ont, and went atraight hoce. I: was now night of a Frbrnaryday It had not been a very cold day; a light, clean now hbd elllen. wrhch was tha?inw gently. Jack, lookint dimly on through his craze, caw the te ht of his half of the arty cottage coiniong ahea ; he perceived that the froet was meltd from the windows. The warm ceou· come q:ietly down to meet him acrose tn I -rot tcrse ; ic had tohim in his delirium :oe lok ~f a woman's eeea when they are true, and lean on: of her love to greet a man. He did trst pat th: to himself in these Cords, hat only raid : Them lasoe look like she need to--can her l-and he went hurtlirz on. lie dathted up araent te hoe, as a hbow. sprlt dashes on the rock, tock one mad look through the uofre.ted window, below the halt-drawn curtain and dans himself againet the door, and in. HII wife sat there in the great rocking. chair, leanaz back ; she had a tetlw behintd her and her feet on the aalt-fish box which he had covered over to make a cricket for her, when they were fire: mtarted. She looked pale and pretty, -very pretty. She was ttlking to a visitor who aet upon the loange betide her. It war a man. Now, Jack knew this man well; it was anolld mef s mate; hehad sworn eff, a year ato, an they had gone different ways; te n.ed to te a rough fellow; bat peorle e.il now you wouldn's know hion. 'I ai''t no drenk but latI ee whyonbe, Jim,' hegan the husband darkly ; ' I'll settle with y ar.other?tdy I've otthat toeay to my wde I'd ,ay better if we misted your company. Leave nas by onrelve r 'Look here, Jack.' Jim flashed good ho mouredly,'youre dronk. you know. Shell t-ll you what I come for. You ask her. Stein' she wasn't right smart-and there's them as ayae ehe lacked for victuals-my wefe tent me over here with a bowl of cran. berry mans, so help me Heaven.' 'I'll l pon omeothereseoin'. Leake o be !' cried Jck ther Leaven 'We wa aettin' and talkin' about the Reform Club when you come in,' objected Jim, with the patience of an old friend. ' We was wotadrio if we couldn't get you to eian. Jaick. Ak her if we wasn't. Ceme, now ! . wouldn't make a foolof myself il I wa you, Jack. Se thbre. You've set her to crrin ralready. And the ain't right smeart,' 'Clear out of my hease '* thundered Jack. 1 L-aie as be by ourselves I' 'I don't knows I'd ought to,' hesitated Jim. 'Leave en be! or I won't leave -ou he a \-- oi eult longer ! Ain't it my bousee! Get at oo' it!' ' It is. bat' a fact,' admitted the visitr, lookin terplexted ; ' but I declare to Jupiter I don't know', I'st oughter leave it. the way thine lot k. Have your sCenoe, Jack, my boy 1 i/are Tout eeones ! She ain't right smarL' Ba' with the, Jack sprang upon him, and the wife cried oat h-tenen them, for the love of n erci, that murder would he donen 'Leave ae be!' she pleaded, eatbbine, t' N.thit' else °o:.'t taciuy him Go, Jtm, r . and chaut the door, and thank her, for the Scranberry irne ore4w very kind of her, and for Smy husband' a.ake don't tell nobody he wasn't t kind to me There. That's right There.' She snk back into the rocking-chair, for Sthe Ye feetrle etill ; and looked gestlr up into her hob.atd'a fee. All the tones of her e at.ie1 voice hd changed. d Se rlk- very low, and celmly; as if she teth-red her breath for the filerst tage rof a ettrurlle whoee nature she solemnly nnder Setoc. t'he hela gron nexceeding!y pale. 'Jork, dear!' toltiy. 'I'ld ite ietime,' he answered with an !. omicoan quiet. 'Tell yer story ftint Out d withit!' 'I heven't got nothin' to tell, Jack. He h brought the cranberry asere, for his wife took care of me, tand she was very kind. And he t set a lhttle and we wat talkin' ahont the c'u. ajunt as he sayp ,e was. I'c Mother , ary'e club, Jack. She's made Jim sectr e taOry, and ene wanted youn to join, for I told y her you'd reformed Oh, Jack, I told her e youn'li reformet!-Jack, Jack! Oh, Jabk! Wbat- are you goireg to do to me. What make jou look like that,-Jackr, Jack, 'Stand up here,' he raved. He was past reaon, and she seaw it; he tore off his coat and pushed ap hin aleeres from his tatooed 'Yoave played me fnate. I sart OItructod re, and pou've trihced me. I'll teach eteo be the talk upon the wharves another tine when I ;et in from GOoree'.' She atotd an he bade her, tottered and sank back; crawled up again,r holding by tre wooden arm or the rocking-chair,aht stretchede one hand crnut t him, feebly. She did not dare to touch him if she had clung t, him. he wooa. have threottld her. When habe as* him rolling op hi o leeves her hearts atod etillt Bt Teen thr,oahe: '1will not shoe hcm I'm afraid of him. It'n the on'ty eenot I've got.' The pon l 'r loeked up once into his face md thoogtu, she atdiced. 'Jack? DeatrJhk ?" I'll teach) e I'l teanch ye!' 'Oh, wait a moment, Jack. Por the love ol feaven--top a minuce I've been that I acid 1,1 he to poe. since we wwa marectd. \- I've been an honest wife to nou, ep boy, ant there's Ilnone on earth nor heaven as can look meit the eye and darers to mar I haven't. I twore to ye upon the Rockof Ages, Mother Mary witw eairig--why, Jack ?' hter voise ak to infinite swee'nee, 'hate ye forgotten? Yon ain't yotrself, poor boy. You'll be to ernry. I nin't very strong pet-you'd feel bad if you ehoald bit me-a:ain. I'd hate to haveyou frelo tad. Jack dear, don't fio loec in the t,,her room before pon strihe aoin Ye haiotn cen itjet.b Jack, for the love of merc--Jack, Jock.' 'Sary ou've pltned me Iae, and IJl stop On op, and I'll qait. Owrn nno to m*, Ia. 'I ca,'t nean op to pon, forI swore yu bt the Rtnk r.f Agee ; I swore ye I wonld bean holrt wife Ynn mapy putmmel me to deah hat I'tI t.ot lie c-ray them worda Ineon" to ye . by that, . .Jack, for thelore of Ifeaten. dont't oe. Juck Fr tFe wa ryonn sed to feel to me, dear, dear Jack., For th" sake of the habirse we had . .. and you i walked beside of me, to hbury em. Oh, fe Good'lsake, .. Jaclh ! . . . Oh, Co. saidyou'd beriidt me • . •Oh e'li b to eorrt I For the Itte of pity I For tha laoe ofGod I Notthep;~cotI Oh, fortheRook But thire he atrack her down. The bott Bulab Ipetsllhil o -ath'es pmaan· m wares. Mtbutblcahtohls.o t wal nwab srpedadus 1 bre~e. ~., - . en? . ihe ea pon was heay enough o do the deed. -He struck, and then dung it Upon his bared arm, as it came crashing. the crcifz was spasttered red. He stood up stupidly and looked about the room. The covers were off the kitchen store and the hears of the coals blazed out Her yellow h ad looeesed as she fell, and hoae upon the floor.c He remambered that she spok about the other room, and said of something yonder. that he hadn't seen it yet. Confusedly he wondered what it was. le stumbled in and stared about the bedroom. It was not Tere light there, and it was some moments before be per eived the cradle, standing straight across his way. The child waked as he hit the cradle, and began to cry, stretching out its hinds He had forgotten all about the baby. There Fad been so many. "You'd better get up, Teen,' he said as he went sot ; 'it ceryin' after you.' He shUt the door and staggered down the stes. He hesitated once, and thought he wi tut!d o back and sar to her: I Vhat's the use of lnyin' there T But he thought better, or worse, of it, and went hie way. He went out and reshipped at once, l:nzeerg only Ict enough to drink madly on the ray. at a place he knew where he was esre to be let alone. The men were afraid of Jack, when Ie wa so far gone under as this. Nobody spoke to him He went down to Salt Brothers' wharf, oppoite Salt and Co.'s, and found the Daredenl. just about to we gb. She was shoot by one hand, and took him as e was. He was surprised to find himself aboard when thenert sun t ent down; he had turned in his bunk and wasa overheard to coil for Teen. ordering her to do some service for him, testily enough. ' Oi,' he muttered, ' thbe ain't here, is she! Be blasted if I ain't on the DaredeviL' He was good foe nothing, for a matter of days, and silent or sullen for the trip. It had been a very heavy spree. He fell to, when he came to himself, and fished desperately ; his luck turned, and he made money ; he made seventy-tve dollars. They were gone three week'. They had a bitter votage, for it was Starch They struck a gale at Georges', and another coming home. It snowed a great deal, and the rigging froze. The c:aw were uncommonly cold. They kept the steward 'roking briskly, and four or five hot meals a day were not enoagh to keep or's '.utace up They were particulara bout theircooking, at fishermen are,and the steward of the Dare devil was famous in his calling. But it was renredrd to he unueuallv cold, even for March, at St. Georges'. One most keep the hilod racing, somehow, for life's sake. Whi.key flowed fast between meals Jack was observed not to limit himself. * It was for lock,' he eid. Takeit through, it was a hard trip The sober men-there were some -looked grim and pinched; the drinkers ugly. It's s houod's life,' said a dory-mate of Jack's one day His name was Rowe-Rowe Sa!t; he tas a half.beotherof Jim's. But Jim tre at home. And Teen. of course, wa at home Jack had not spoken of her ; he had shought of her-he had thounht of nothing else. Gnd knows what those thoughts had been When Rowe spoke to him in this fashion, Jack looked hard at him. 'I've been thinkin' ef it disobligate a feeler.' he said. ' Her T asked Rowe. ' I you wan treated like folks ; but you ain't. You're froze. You're soaked. You're wrs-ked. Your nets is stole. You're drove off in the fog. You're drowned, and you lose your trawls If you swear off, you miss your lock It's dirty abroad.? olks don't like the looks of you There's alwers a hanker in tie pit o' yoor etomick. When yes get upon a tear you dno't know what yao-do to--folks.' Jack stopped himself abruptly, and leaned upon his oar; they were lraeling, and the weather grew thick. ' Rowe,' he said. staring off into the fogr, did ye ever think we was like faihes, us F'itharhor folks? ' I don't know's I ter,' said the dory- mate, staring soo SW'll, we be. I think. We live in is, and we're drowned in it, and we can't get out on't, -we ran't;l out. We look like 'em too. I'e thought about that. Some of as look like haddock. You've got the halibut look your. sell Skipper, be's got the fib of a monk-fish, -you ken see it for yorselL There's a man I messed with, once, reminded me of a seoual tin. I autes I'd pasefor a lobster, myself for colour, anyhow. We take itoutsomewase, each on us. Don't ye know the look the women folks bare when they get old and have gone hanzry! You can tell by the build of a boy which way hbell turn out- halibut way, or hake. or mebbe mackerel if he's sleek and little. It's a kind of a birthmark, I shouldn't wonder. There's no gettin' out oant, no moreo ?it cut of you. Sometimes I used to think 'God Lord I' cried Jaca. He laid down his oar aanin, and the dory wheeled to star bhard sharply. . 'Rooe Salt, you look there! you tell me if you see a woman onder on the watery ' You've got the jim-fams, Jack. Women folks don't walk at Georges. I can't see n'thiti nowhere, hut it's thick as-' It's thick as hell,' interrupted Jack, 'and there's a woman walkin' on the water. [fLrd ! don't you see her? Lord! her hair is yeller hair, an' it's atreamia' over her dorn't you see her? She's walkin on this devilih ortowards the dery. Teen! Teent Teen l There! Lord save me, Rowe, if-I d dn'a see me wife cime walkin' towards us, as settin' in this dory-Hil'-i-h i I'll.swear off when I get home. I'1 tell her so. I hate rosre such things, 'You see, Rowe,' Jack added preeently- for he had not spoken after that, but had fallen grimly to work. It was ten below, and the wi,,d was taking the backward spring for. a hitter blow; both men, tngaing at their. r tra s thnough the high and icry ea, were sfferioe too much to talk-' ye see we had .some words before I come on board, and she warn't light smart The baby can't be very orid. don't know how old it ir. I was orrcommon drunk; I don't remember what I ,id to her I'm afraid I hit her-for I had omne wordg with her. I wished I was at hkme. Sh- won't tell nobody. She never coes. But I'm set to be at home and tell her I've sworn off. Pre got money for her this trip. t,"o; I'm afraid she's in a hurry for it' After this onutorat of confidence, Jack seemed to cling to his dory-'mate; beha followed himn shabout deck, and looked wistlfully at him. Jack had begun to take on the haggard look of the abstainer once again. The crew thoouht he did not seem like himself, Hie d had stopped drinking. abruptly, after that day in'the for, and suffered heavily from the weuther and from exposure. ' I sae,' Row,' he asked one day, 'if anr thins was Io happen,'would-you jest step in ad tell r wife l didn't beliee that yarn abtot her? She'llknow." die it betel, that when they were ronndin= SE1',ero Point, and not till then, they bespoke the D.'ine, which was outward hoind, and - siroalled them. She drew to speaknlndin tance, and her skitppr bad a Word'witkb te oes'er of the Daredvii, but hbe s rke none rot lond, and made his errand quickly, nand ce-red to his own course, and the two boats tart ed compans, and the Daredecil came thmotli 'ain They were almost home. It onosim mbered afterwasds that Jack ws5 Iadlylfroasthbiten uponthat voyae; he looked badly; he had strange wats- the men d;daona know exactly bow to take him. He wasover. itearc to tay: 'I sin't a'gnin' in go to Geore' again.' -see Salt orerheard this. after the skioper of the Deatiny had signalled and tacked Jack wa, ai'tinr aft alone, when he said it. looking se:-terd. lIe had paid little or no atr ttenti n its the incideet of the Destiny. hot sat etari ts f plOlted in some mood of his own wiht seemed as solitary, as removed from his kind aimd fcom their omprehension, as the moii of 'isental d oerder are from the sane. So then, with sech dlexterity as the ignorant man could roaster, Salt got hit friend below, on *roe pretext, oand stood looking at him You don't look well, Rowe,' Jack lug' es.se,, pleasantly. 'Jock.' taid -his dorymate, berain; white enoubh, 'I'Il make no hones of it, nor mine? nothin'. for somebody's got to tell ye, and they said it maut be me. Thers's a warran after ye. The sheriff's en the tug betwixt an and the whaerf. She's layin' off the island htm aboard of her,' 'I rever was ib prison,' faltered Jack. 'The bors hae lwaysl bailed me.' ''Tain't a bailin' matter, Jack, this time.' 'What did yod sa' - 'I aail it wasn't a billd' busineas Some' bod'e sot to tell tync ' Jack g-zedd contidingly up into his friend's ' What was itthat I done, old boy. Cn'tye telt me? - - - - I'd rothee it was the sheriff hot-I you Jack.' 'T*el me what it ia I done. Rowe Salt? I'd 'ellpow-' Re looked psouled - I'-'t sherlf k, Owemore about it nor I do.' beged the flielmmad ; 'don't make an old meassmate tell ien.- - 'All ilgeht,5said lark, turtingt away. He had now gRmown sery q.aet. He pleaded no more, only to s enea ogt t 1a' rather heard is from a mesemate" Rowe Sait took i step or two, turned, stopped, stirred, and turned egain. 'TYou killed somebody, then, if you will I know K ?edf somebodly T SYe-.' 'I w.a drurk and killed somebody r 'Lord help yon, yea.' 'I nape, hoarely-' Look here, Salt, I hope T-en won't know. 'i say, R.e.' after a long pange, 'who was a it that Ik ledr ' Ask tae herif.' " Who was it that I kil!ed 'The skiperlt lloyou, mebby. I won't. %.o, I vow I wont. Let me go. Tve done my share of this. Let me up on deck! I want the anr r ! w on't let yu up on detk-so help me till you tell r ' Let me ',f. Jack, let me off f Te l?ne u o it o u, I ay f * Lord Ir, reoven, the poor devil don't k.hor -he really don't.' 'I thnrght you would ha' told me, Rowe,' slid Jack with a smile-his old winnin: smile, that had captivated his mesemates all ' I P';l rell you r cried Rowe Salt with an oath cf anroy. ' You killed yaour wife. Yon murdered her. She's dead. Teen ain't to home. She's dead.' They made way for him at this side and at that, for he sprang up the gangway, and dahed amoong them. When he saw them all toethber, and bow they looked at him, he stoprped. A ehan;e seemed to strike hia purp?se, be it what it might ' Boys,' ad Jck, locking all about, 'ye won't have to go to bol for me. I'll bide my ccount, this time.' le -parted from them, for they let him. do the thing he would. and got himself alone into the bows, and there he sank down, rou-higo, and no one spoke to him. The Daredevil r?ended Easetrn Poiul, and down the shining hbabour, all stile set, came gayly in. They were almost home. Stratxhtwar there started out upon the winter teas strong, sweet tenor, likes cry. It was Jack's voice-everybody knew it. He eto-d by himself in the bows, back to them, singinr like an angel or a madman-esome said this; some said the other 'P.ock cl are, dlet Lor oms ie: me Lie myself in t.thee; . . n When I wnr bto waldsu nknown. tee tohe no thy judgment throas,' sang Jack. 'With the ceasing of his rcite, they divined how it wa', by one instinct, and every man sprang to him. Bat he had leaped and gained Soo them. The waters of Fairharbor seemed them eelves to leap to greet him as he went down. These that had borne him and ruined him buried him as if they loved him. He had pushed up his sleevee for the spring, hard to the shoolder, like a man who would wrestle at odds. Ashe sank, one bared arm thrust above the crest of the long wave, lifted itself towards the sky. It was his right arm, on which the cruifix ear stamped. - White and gold as the lips and heart of a lily, the day blossomed at Falbharbor one Joune Sunday; when these things were as a tale that is told. It was a warm day, sweet snd still. There was no wind, no for The harbour wore her innocent face. She hat oe; who can help believing in it, to see it ! The waves stretched themselves upon the beach as if they had been hands laid out in benediction; and the colours of the sky were irke the ezpreselin of a strong and solemn contenance. So thought Mother Mary, standing by her hustand's side that day, and looking off from the little creature in her arms to the faces of the fishermen gathered there about her for the service. It was anopenoalr service, held upon the beach, where the people she had served and loved;could free!y come to her and would. They. had sought the scene in large numbers. The summer people, too, strolled down, distant and different, and hung noon the edges of the grano. They had a civil welcome, but so more. This was a fisherman's asfair: nobody needed them; Mother Mary did not belong to them. SThe meetin's outs,' said Rowe Salt. 'It's na she's after. The boarders ain't of no account to her.' His brother Jim was there with Rowe, and Jim's wife, and some of the respectable women neighbours. The skipper of the Daredevil wsa there, and so were many of Jack's old messmates. When it was under. a:ood that Mother Maly had adopted Jack's baby, the news had run like rising tide, from wharf to wharf, from deck to deck-every- I body knew it, by this time. Almost ever. I body was there, to see the baptism. The Fairharbor fishermen were alert to the hononur of their guild. They turned out in force to explain matters, sensitive to show their best. They would have it understood that one may have one's faults, but one does not, therefore, murder one's wife. The scene in the annals and the legends of Fairharhor was memorable, and will be long It was as strange to the seamen as a leaf thrown over from thepages of the Book of Life, inscribed in an unknown tongue, of which they only knew that it was the tongue of love. Whether it spoke as of men or of anoels they would have been perplexed is ear. Into her childless life, itt poverty, Its strongler. irt sarifiers, and its blessed hops, Mther IMary's `greathears took the baby as she took a man's own better nature for him. that which lay so puny and so orphaned in thore wild lives of theirs, an infant in her hands. . Jack's baby, Jack's baby nan Teen's, as if it had been anbbody else's baby, ' was to be haptized '.like folks.' Jack's baby, poor little devil, was to have his chance The men talked it over gravely; it affected them witb' reepect one would not anticipate., who did not know them. They had their Sun day clothes on. They were all clean. They had a quiet tlook. One fellow who had taken little too much ventured down upen the beach, but he was hostled away from the christening and ducked in the cove, and huog unPo the rccks to drr,' One must be sober who helped to baptiae that baby. t This was quite understood. : They sang the hymn, Jack's hymn and Teen's: of course they sang the Rock of Ages, and Mother Mary's husband read 'the chapter' to them, as he was used, and spoke with them; and it was so still among them that they could hear each wave of the placid sea beat evelr as i they listened to the beat ing of a near and mighty peaceful heart SMother Mary spoke with them herself a little, She told them how she took the child, •in despair of the psst, in hope of the future I in pasn and pity, and tn love yearnitg o afer him; and his, and those who weres ot their inheritance, and fats, their chances, and their sorred ed their sines She told them of the child's pars heart within 00 all, which Seeds onuly to be mothered to be iaved ; which • .eds only that ire foster it, to form it; which "eeds that we trpeat itae do other neok and helpless $thins. whether in oor' selves or in another. What was nobtes in Sthem all, she eidu, was' to them like th'a little thing to her. It was a trtst She ave it no them, so she seid, o she took the baby, hbre blfore.their witneisaing, to spars him from their miar'es, if she might They were tooched by this, or they seemed Ito be: ;ol forr eistened from theitr sOat. SWe'd onghtertakeo of or heat,'aomebody whiepered. So ther stood uncovered before the ninister, snd Mother Mary; and Jack'a po.r h'dby. Thescterd drops flashed in the white air. Dreamily the fishermen heard the sa- red words: 'In thenamebof the Father: And of thu Son: And of the Dolr Ghost. Amen,' BDut no one heard the other words, said by Mobthe Mfarr close and low, when she re erient the child into her arms again, and bowed her faoe ahoe it: SMy son, I take thee for the sake and for the love of thy father, andof thy mother Be thou their holy gheat' But the fishermen, used not to understand her, but only to her understanding them, perceiving that she was at prayer, they knew not why, artking of Heaven they knewnot whntt. the hrmen raid: Amen. Amen. All thl?Year Ronnd.' 