THE QUEENS HIGHWAY. IX.— FROM QUEBEC TO THE ATLANTIC. [By STUART CUMBERLAND] The intercolonial express leaves Point Levis for the Atlantic seaboard daily (Sundays ex- cepted) at 8 a.m., and arrives at Halifax at 9.10 the next morning, taking 25 hours and 10 minutes to get over, the distance of 678 miles. Between the St. Lawrence and the sea there are no less than 100 stations, mostly places of call for even the so called "express." The intercolonial railway is Dominion property, and is worked by Government officials. As a strategical line it is of vital importance to Canada, and as a passenger line— although it lacks many of the essentials peculiar to the more progressive portion of the Queen's high- way — the Canadian Pacific — it runs through much that is scenically and historically inte- resting. Its course is most roundabout ; but it had to be so constructed, firstly in order to keep entirely within Canadian territory, and secondly in order to take in the various settle- ments en route. A glance at the map will show how Canada has been robbed by the United States of her natural boundary, and how, through the State of Maine cutting into New Brunswick and Quebec provinces, it is impossible to make a straight cut for the sea. I daresay none but a French-Canadian would be content with the miserable pittance that some of the farming settlements yield, but many of the river-valleys — especially the valley of the St. Charles — are, however, ex- ceptionally fertile, and contain prosperous farms, which, have been in the thrifty families who own them for generations. A French-Canadian clings to the soil on which he is born with a tenacity as great as that of your Irish peasant or a Scotch crofter, and it is next to an impossibility to make him see the imperativeness of emigration, although the original holding may have been so divided and subdivided amongst the different mem- bers of the family until the plot of land out of which he is to make his living may not be bigger than a moderate-sized pocket handkerchief. The whole of the country between Quebec and the Metapidiae is the land of the Kanneks; and until Rimouski is left behind the land of "les habitants de la Nouvelle France," as they once proudly termed themselves, alone is visible. Rimouski is 182 miles from Point Levis, and the line runs thus far along the shore of the St. Lawrence. This is the point where passengers and mails from Europe are landed in summer. From the time one leaves Montreal, whither by the north shore via Quebec or the Grand Trunk via Point Levis, until Rimouski is reached, one will be constantly reminded that he is in Saintland; for there is scarcely a station which is not named after some popular saint or other. At St. Anne, 73 miles from Quebec, there is a convent of grey nuns, and a college which will ac- commodate 300 students. Six miles beyond St. Anne is Riviere Onelle, where, in the days long since past a tragedy was enacted, the memories of which have been preserved by the Abbé Casgrain in his story "'La Jong- leuse." The memoirs of the early Roman Catholic missionaries are full of romantic and exciting incidents, and the Canadian Govern- ment has done well in publishing some of them. Every inch of the country through which we are now passing is historic ground, and many authentic records have been retained of the thrilling events which occurred prior to the British conquest and occupation. Some of these records are replete with wild legends handed down by the Indians. The legend associated with L'Islet au Massacre at Bic, beautiful Bic, is worth retelling. Many years ago, long before the pale-face came in his ships from over the sea, for it happened long before the arrival of Jacques Cartier, to whom the legend was told by Dennacona, the Algonquin chief - a band of Mic- macs, consisting of 200 men, women, and children, pursued by a party of the terrible Iroquois, took refuge in a cave on the island opposite Bic where they were ultimately discovered by the enemy, who finding themselves unable to dislodge them by any other means burnt them out. All were massacred with the exception of five braves, who had previously made good their escape. These fugitives solicited and obtained the help of a friendly tribe of Malacites, and to- gether they secretly followed the trail of the retiring Iroquois, whose canoes and provisions they first removed. It was a long march from this spot to the land of the Iroquois, and the retreating warriors not only found their numbers daily diminished by unseen hands, but they were threatened by famine, game being scarce. By the time they had reached the open woods, near what is now called Trois Pistoles River, their numbers had shrunk to 27, and discouraged and weakened by hunger they made but a feeble re- sistance, when the yells of their foes burst upon their ears. All were killed with the exception of six, and these were divided amongst the allies. The Malacites took their three to their village at Madawaska, and history does not say what became of them. One of the three claimed by the Micmacs was put to death by the allies in the presence of the other five; and bidding adieu to the Malacites, the Micmacs, with the two remain- ing prisoners, retraced their steps to Bic. The unfortunate prisoners were then tied with their faces to the island on which the massacre had occurred, and put to death with all the subtle tortures that Indian savagery could devise. With their butchery the five Micmacs went their way, never more to return to the neighborhood; but the ghosts of their slaughtered brethren remained behind, and although their death, it will be seen, was amply avenged, they, so tradition says, never failed on the anniversary of their massacre to assemble on the island, wringing their hands in the agony of despair, and making the jagged rocks resound with their piercing wails. Toe scenery up to Bic is graceful and very pleasing to the eye, but, to be candid, it is by no means grand. On the opposite shore of the St. Lawrence there is, however, much scenery that is truly grand. At Riviere du Loup, 110 miles from Quebec, the passenger can take a boat for Murray Bay and the far-famed Saguenay. Who has not heard of the Saguenay, that river which early ex- plorers thought led to the nethermost pit ? For downright gloomy awfulness commend me to this river, and as the boat glides over the black fathomless water between the chasms rent by angry nature in the frowning cheerless rocks one finds it difficult to overcome the first feeling of awe that the scene creates. With the fall of night and with all the bright- ness gone out of the skies, the surroundings assume an even more fearful aspect. From out of the inky darkness strange devilish forms seem to issue and flit in threatening attitudes before you, whilst from out of the depths of the im- penetrable caverns there, in accordance with your fancy, come the despairing moans of souls lost in endless torture. The early settlers were in constant fear of evil spirits, and rivers of holy water must have been sprinkled by the pious priests in their endeavors to exorcise them. The first church in all Canada was built at the mouth of this most demoniacal river, and the ruins of which are visible to this day. The Saguenay is navigable only as far as Chicontini, a place about 65 miles from its mouth. Beyond this stretches far away to James Bay a wild, desolate land, the home of the beaver, the marten, and the musk rat. At various points on the railway there are several much frequented summer resorts, the principal of which are Bic, Riviere du Loup, and. Cocouna (the Saratoga of Canada). The country adjacent to the railway is intersected with navigable waterways, and by making portages from the headwaters of one river to another a man can go hundreds of miles in a canoe. As the train passes onwards one catches glimpses of the typical Kannek villages, steeped in an old world quietness, and there is no change in the aspect of these settlements until Metis is reached, where for the first time since leaving Quebec the land of the Anglo-Saxon is visible. Here the traveller finds himself in a region where he can hope to make himself understood, for in the land of the Kannek this is next to impossible. The language and customs of "les habitants" will be found very foreign to the traveller just from the Far West. In their land he will, in the more isolated spots, find considerable difficulty in making even his simplest wants understood, for just as he fails to understand their French they will be found ignorant of his English. "Les habitants" are French in all their thoughts and in all their habits, and they have an un- changing love for their language and a pro- found veneration for their religion. They are for the most part simple and God-fearing, leading peaceful moral lives, untroubled either by scepticism or ambition. They seldom travel, indeed many of them scarcely go beyond their chimney's smoke, each family providing for its simple habits and few wants with the production of its own fields and flocks. They are to all intents and purposes in the seventeenth century, and in adhering to the habits of their forefathers they for the most part shun everything that appertains t0 a nineteenth century progress; and although it may knock at their very doors they remain deaf to its demands. Moored to the anchor of prejudice Quebec province has stood on her old ways, whilst the other provinces round about her have pro- gressed and waxed rich, leaving her behind hand in those very things to which she originally gave the cue. The French Canadian, although vivacious by nature, is after all a mere creature of routine and a slave of prejudice ; he has all the Turk's hatred of being hurried ; and whilst the Eastern makes signs behind his back to ward off the evil eye when yon talk about inno- vations, he crosses himself at the sight of every thing new, and prays the parish priest to protect him from such heresies. The primitive methods of husbandry in vogue two or three hundred years ago are those mostly adopted by the French Canadians, who favor nothing of to-day. The agricultural implements in use are made in form and of material often ineffective and invariably inconvenient. The peasant scratches the earth with a plough modelled after those common to the time of Lotus Quatorze, and beats out his corn after the fashion of the ancient Greeks. Modern inventions in this direction are, of course, things to be shunned, and I question if a French Canadian peasant's misgivings about using any one of them could be overcome before it had been plentifully besprinkled with holy water The priests, needless to say have an extra ordinary influence over "les habitants." These priests are in truth the pastors of their people, and look with a keen eye after the spiritual well- being of their flocks, but, as with the early Jesuit missionaries, their primary object is directed towards teaching the said flock that they have souls to lose in the next world, whilst progression in this world has practically no place in their teachings. The cure is always a man of intelli- gence and often of refinement, and whenever you come across him in this land of "la Nou- velle France" you will invariably find him most courteous and obliging. He is a little pre- judiced and old-fashioned, it is true, but he is passionately attached to the land of his birth, and is exceedingly jealous of the ancient rights of his countrymen. He believes firmly in Satanic agency, and is honestly impressed with the idea that he is serving God's will by resisting change, which to him strongly savours of the world, the flesh, and the devil. He will tell you that his people are happy in the ambitionless, un- progressive lives they lead, and that they desire nothing better than to be left alone in this restful simplicity. It is a picturesque quarter of America, this land of the French Canadians, and, in its touches of old-worldism and relics for romantic past meeting you at every step, is altogether different from all other parts of the New World. Certainly no traveller over the "Queen's Highway" with time at his disposal should hesitate to break his journey at some of the chief points of interest. But I must warn him that outside of the larger centres the hotel accommodation is anything but good; as a matter of fact it is often than otherwise villainously bad. First, as to the cuisine there is very little variety, and the cooking is extremely primitive, rough, and horribly greasy. So greasy is the soup that the question which invariably exercises a person of a mathematical turn of mind is how many "dips" does each basin contain? But healthful exercise in the open air gives one an extraordinary appetite, and the traveller frequently finds himself eating in a wayside Kannuk hostelry food which he would undoubtedly turn from with loath- ing if placed before him elsewhere. Verily it is well that the traveller can live most of his time in the open air, for he would cer- tainly find but scant comfort inside the inn, which is generally as dirty and as insect-infested as any Spanish venta. I have had a considerable experience of the tribes whose nocturnal raids tend to make life in a venta posada, or even a first-class fonda, absolutely unbearable ; but I frankly confess that even a Spanish 'chinche,' strengthened and made arrogant as he often is with the blue blood of generations of grandees of the first class, takes second place — in fact a back seat entirely — when compared with a full scented ladybird of the ancien regime. History fails to tell us which of the early explorers it was who brought these pests over from France, but whoever it was has undoubtedly much to answer for. With a packet of Keating in one's trunk one can practically defy the various tribes of small red deer which leap and bound with unaffected joy imme- diately a well-fed stranger enters his bed- room ; but a Kannuk punaise is said to be partial to insect powder, taking it as a tonic. Having no regular larder— for travellers are not numerous— she ever possesses a remarkably keen appetite, and with an avidity which knows no control she almost before you have had time to say your prayers and to blow out the light commences to forage for her supper. After leaving Rimowaki the St. Lawrence is gradually lost of, and on entering the Meta- pediae Valley one leaves behind for once and all "les habitants de la Nouvelle France" and their ways. At Little Metis, 209 miles from Point Levis, and 27 from Rinowski, there is a colony of Scotch descent, originally estab- lished by a Mr. McMoir, the seigneur of Metis, who some five and seventy years ago located several hundred men, women, and children brought from Scot- land in various parts of the seigneury. The venture was successful, and Metis is now a flourishing farming district. Excellent salmon fishing can be had in both the Little and Great Metis rivers. The scenery along the valley of the Meta- pediae, through which the train now winds its way, is amongst the most beautiful in Eastern America. In Algonquin parlance Meta- pediae means 'mineral waters,' and there is certainly music in the waters as it dashes and splashes m its shallow bed, resting awhile in its song as it glides silently into the deep pools, the haunts of the salmon. At the village of Metapediae the river, which twists and bends in many shapes, effects a junction with the Restigonche, another famous salmon river, and they both discharge into the Baie des Chaleurs. The Restigonche forms a part of the northern boundary of the province of New Brunswick, and it and its tributaries drain a land which is for the chief part a wilderness of mountains and valleys unexplored by man. The Resti- gonche has a most eccentric coarse, making wild bends at all kinds of angles from its source to its mouth. The Indians in consequence called it "the river that divides like a hand," a very striking simile. On crossing the river the train is in New Brunswick, and it halts at Campbelltown, 305 miles from Quebec. From this growing town — which is most advan- tageously situated both as a head of navigation and a railway centre — one can take a steamer for the historic land of Gaspé, and from Gaspé itself to that island desert Anticorti. Campbell- town is in the midst of mountain scenery, and from the top of the much vaunted Sugar-loaf a magnificent view can be had. Below lies the Baie des Chaleurs, that haven of rest in which Jacques Cartier daring the memorable voyage of 1534 cast anchor after exploring the coasts of Labrador and Newfoundland, to which, in order to commemorate the grateful warmth experienced therein after the colds of the more northern latitudes, he gave it the name it still bears. To the north rise the dark Gaspé mountains and that distant headland on which 352 years ago Jacques Cartier erected, in the name of his king, the huge cross bearing the lilies of France. Before Jacques Cartier's days the bay was celebrated for its fish, and the Indians called it "Ecketrean Nemaachi" ("the Sea of Fish.") Now it is famous for its possession of a phantom light ; and just as no Sydney man, unless dumb (and even, I think, he would endeavor to express himself to the stranger by means of signs) will omit to ask you what you think of "our harbor," or as a Lisboner refrain from pestering you as to your ideas about "our climate," you will for a certainty, be asked by every Bay of Chaleurs man you come across your opinion of "our phantom light." This phantom light is comparatively a modern institution, it being about 75 years ago that it first put in an appearance. (It has no place in either Indian legend or priestly record) on, it is said, the occasion of a band of pirates being wrecked on the coast. Those pirates, it is affirmed, had murdered the captain and crew of a vessel outside the bay, and on endeavoring to reach the shore had been lost, their destruc- tion being announced by the sudden appearance of the light aforesaid. This is all very well, but having accomplished its purpose what business has the light to keep on reappearing, especially in the deadly winter and above the ice, as I am told it on one occasion actually did. It has never been my good fortune to see this light, although I have waited and watched for it until all my belief in its reality has grown cold. The railway runs along the shore of the bay through many highly cultivated farms for a considerable distance, but by the time Bathurst (when the bay is left behind) is reached night has fallen. The Miramichi, the river of the ''happy retreat,"and all the beautiful country round about, are passed in the darkness, and the morn has not yet broken when Moncton, the head-quarters of the intercolonial system, is reached. Moncton, beyond being a railway centre, possesses very few attractions. It is a growing place it is true, but like all growing things looks scraggy and weedy. I should, however, in justice, add that like all places in the New World, Moncton is not without its ' lion.' This "lion" is, however, to my mind, a distinct fraud. It consists of a tide, which I was led to understand frequently came in with a bore of 120 feet, it had either played itself out through these prodigious exertions of the past, or it had grown tired of the show business and desired a rest, for when I saw it the rise was less than 6 feet. I should advise the contractor to withdraw the tide as an attraction, otherwise the town may get a bad name through its inability to carry out its programme. From Moncton there is a line to St. John, the maritime city of New Bruns- wick, and from thence to Fredericktown, its capital. At Painsec, eight miles below Moncton, the passenger changes cars for Shediac and Point du Chene, from which latter place there is, in the summer, a daily boat service to Prince Edward Island. If the passenger is in a hurry and does not step off at Moncton and journey by the midday train he will pass through Au Lac, with its historic memories, whilst the darkness is over the land, and will miss seeing the ruins of Fort Beausé- jour, that stronghold where France made her last desperate struggle for the retention of Acadia. Beauséjour was captured by Colonel Moncton in June, 1755. After leaving Amhern, a town 49 miles from Moncton, the vast coalfields of Nova Scotia are entered upon. At Truro, 62 miles from Halifax, there is a branch line to Picton (whence the boats depart to Prince Edward Island) and New Glasgow, where the traveller branches off via Mulgrave for that land of wild beauties — Cape Breton Island. At Windsor junction, 14 miles from Halifax, there is a railway cutting right into the heart of Acadia, the romantic land of Evangeline. No one should miss the opportunity of visiting this land of beauty and romance, where almost every inch is historic ground. Thirty-five minutes after leaving Windsor the express ar- rives at Halifax, the Atlantic terminus. 