RffAjonJluiE: Br M. E.-.: iabdon. Aulhtr of Lady Andioy's Socrol,' Etc.- r-.tirrvn XXI. — (Continued ) _ Loo road tbsmu. « Parching, Ihe atmoephore was tom- vnTiro too good to ask me to slay, ' he .yon arc too b .s| rem8tnborod 0 "articular appointment at the Jnnior r.irltGDl a _ .l.anxl laim He was going, bu t one — A hand on b e cont bIgovo. R . You a?o not .uah » «n r-,V beoaOBfl I'm in trouble, mb you, i '®y , " .. ghfl tpked, coiitemptucuflly. Bbc called bim Bceohlng or Joe indlf- . refill? with a familiarity which seemed sSb»i «i»h iikcd- '"I'll' SffiSaTL- he aald' ' Wh,,lfi 'Ho'hnd feoD hor in Double before to-day, ji?kad been ordered to help her and the Sbed been duly recorded in his bank- S Ho oould see the flgnroe on'fha olean white ojeo now, bb he stood thero, helpless jnd ball-relnclant. Nothing bad mm ol 'ibat lorm« chivalry on hie part, nothing Kept that he was called Joo or Boeohmg, ?d was occasionally bitten by Tory, tho 'Tory wae nnder a aofanow, represented by a nair ohficy cyeB glenrxjing in tho darbnees. lory "had taken it into his over-odnoated head to detest Mr. Beeohing. 'What's tho row?' ho seked again, up Leo pored over the letter. , , Tho row is that I shall be rained, humiliated, disgraced, nnlcas I can/produce a hnndred poonde in the next hoar or two. Poee tba oroalore think I keep hnndred sonnd nolea nnder my pillow ?' . I don't suppose Bho cares where you beep 'em as long as ehe gets 'em,' replied B-cohing, biooainely. bo'1<liDB down 10 Pko h's whip handle at Tory undor tbo Bofa, and receiving . growl and a glare from that oelebrity for hie paini. 'Yoc'll have to pacify hor somehow, I suppose,' ho went on, still Intent upon Tory. ' I' you oanlt 8'T® het money you muit give her money'B worth. You've got yoor diamonds. Ha saated himself on tho oarpat at Ibis juncture to bo nearer Tory, who woe waxing lariouB. 'Of course I have my diamonds, and I muBt wear tbem to-night. Everybody knows about Ihem ' Well, not all about thorn,' muttered Bscohlng, undor hiB breath. Everybody knows 1 have tbam, and will Eipeot mo to wear them. What nice things would bo eaid of me if i didn't wear them. My diamonds, indeed 1 I am to tako my diamonds to Mre. Pjneonby. Upon my word Bcecbicg, I thank you for tbo generous, IcggestioD'.1 Yah 1' oried Beeohinj, sharply; not ot Ibis Blab, bat at a very tangibio bits Iromilio aggravated pocdio. ' Luncheon is on tho cable. Are yoa going lo Bit thero biasing Tory all the afternoon, or srs yoa coming into iunoh with me ?' ukedMr. Baddeley, suddenly ohangingtho c:nversation. Mr. Beeching got up, and followed her to tbe dlningroom, looking tbe very image of ibecpiehneea. It was only on the other eido Clan Orientalcurtaio, tbequaintesl, snoggeet, little room, fenced of! from all rough winde jbat blow by onrved eaodal wood eoreons and clastcra of tall palms. Ou tho email round table, among quaint old silver and hothoneo Bowers, thorc appeared a dainty little loncbeon of salmon oatle e, a duckling, with all accompaniments in perfeatioD, and a bottle ol icod ohampagne, delioately wrapped in an embroidered d'oyloy. The glaBs wen Yonotian, tbe pistes and dishes were Wedge, wood. Mr. Fetching sto his loncbeon, andffli Tory, and while the eulmcn and duckling wero boing ciroussed there was not anotbor Word spoken about Mrs. Foneonby, or that hundred pounds which had to bo found for her ; oaly Mr. Beeohiag observed that his ucc-.rv,, "Ithoogh she minieterod delicately to bis weats, ate hardly anything hereell, jr.d pmhed away her p ats with a hcart- air whloh made bim foel vory anaom- Kuauio. Dsn't _ m'Md me,' J-.i'o eaid, wbon oho caught hiniVjikinn 'The difficulty Sunt be faced somehow, Ae yun aay., l&ave; my diamonds. I may have to humiliate myself bc far as to offer that odioUB woman one of my braoelotB us a security for her debt.' This was a concession to the stringency of fcto, and Mr, Bceching ftlt that tho lady was beooming moro reasonable, ' Wbb Peg -Wellington iheeort ol perBon who would wear .diamonds?' ho aeked preBOntly. ' She was a fsmons actress, and she wan very beautiful I leave you to judge.' 'Yes, I suppose she would have diamonds. They always do, But aro thero hot stage jewels that yon ccnld biro.?' 'Btage jewols 1 / wear stage jewels ! when overy ohorns girl in Lmdon wears diamonds of tbe first water. I wonder that you don't know me better.' She leant aoross tho table to fill biB glass for bim, She had.filled it so ollen with that mencly, almost motherly air, that he bad omened tho bottlo unawares, not knowing thai hie hoBteee bad only taken a spooutul. 1 ?'ll'l,n to be mors sympathetic than hu Had been beioro lonoheon, and to be really 'Ooucorned about her dlletrmii, A hundred pounds, Such a sum was a mere bagslollo to a man who counted his thousands by the hnndred. and felt a little . nneomlortablo when be began on a Iresh oanared thousand, just ob hutnblo poverty Sums when it ohanges a sovereign. A hundred oundB more or less oould not maka any M". ttnd yet lio did not liko "Ming that beggarly snm to Mrs Baddeley, jatenBely aj he admired her. He had lent in' VF001 bucdrortfi before, eometimoa . r Mrs., Poneonby, tctuoiimes for tho .i.ii wumhouee, BOmaimcB ,ot ,he ilver, «» - ad no' Pa'd bim, and he had noi orovon wished to be paid; hut baa expeatod that she would be grateful, 'an. if"8, bo favoured exclusively as nnS ? ?. ?d helped her in the hour of nood alin-jL- not been bo favoured, Sho had la ant haunt her drawingroom, and nnS?. boras a iad of unofficial hnw! Ior', P!Y'n8 for oairhgee, and opera- lri.nt!Mn P'F'0 lunohoone, and gloves, and IhnnW.a ? tt" kinds, . and iioiroely getting 'dinsi.i 'o' hie pains. Ho was so inor- rennn j 11 'bat each outlays wore not to oount for anything. Iki ol B.hioh hit hin» hvrdoat was the idea siin.n ' .u®te" W8B proferrvd to him ; that 'Aminii8!. al'b'nlly ae ho might, Lord St imlln vn? ,0 8m"B that all-oonquaring 'Mgotten "Q< doa ®Mhio8'8 devotion was ills that all I am good for in your With al p propriety when you go about Say 'Austell,' he said savagely, one "inwHsi dMJoitB-jeohing, how oin you talk Lsonn-. j, . ,y.on B0PPM f am iu love — I, Do vn« ,BlddB,oy— with Lord St. Austoll. ionoitUJ ,'hat I have a dear, good, ihidla? huBband toiling for ma in ion\ll«''Dlt B?mB f nB forget bim oooa- Xl'y- fi'owlol Beeohing, " fluestlnrTf' ko-dey, ruminating on that W-"o M» n heque, to wrllo or not to fii. Austol'i i?oh;nB thought also o! Lord Waverinv i' ?? ?8on 'bat gentleman fisiater fill A a"c8ianaa to tho older «bevunai'iS!n.b,nl tcsnBfet hid devotion to Marivils. ! ' andhs told himself that Be itu " ' W»B out of tho field. daikiiaa kindly disposed afcsr tho Wosll.nt ... h»mp4gna, which wars both "at oHv«" j L6lr kind- a, trifl.d with Ularet, a wi'r,« n u,lj>id him loll tu a glass ol ®lddel«v 'Bhaa himiotf ohoaBn for Mrs. uootribntlo". :P 1 Sho took oil suoh Dewer abiorbs d e 'jfihtost way, as a giver, n»v«r - ' 'uktng no huad of the obligation npPr-9"ad by the burden of tipped his' wlon nr aBkant at her as he nnd holr handsomi ehe was, Jbere ware tear.!?8 i0 (l ,n h8t babit> and fears Bh0 '" her oyoo, yee, absiiately not 8 tying about hor gowns, but it was tho eenso of humiliation which crushed her. ' ' Don't bo unhappy,' ho eaid ; ' I'll go and eee this woman, and sco what aan be done. Do yoa owe her maob ?' ' I'm afraid I do owe her a good deal.' 'Tell' me fbe worst. Give me her 'lam eoaouot.' You'll be shoohed, I'm afraid,' eaid Leo. taking a paper ont of her davenport. Hor prices are extortionate, and I have been so unlucky at all the raoee this year. Last year I paid her a heap of money after Ascot, and anothor heap— well, over a hundred each time— alter Lancaster.' I'll eee what I oan do,' said Beeohing, making a wry faoe as he looked at tbo total It was just under nino hundred pounds. Chapter XXII. — Mr. Beecuikc'b Ulti matum. Mr. Beeohing took a hansom and drove to a street off Oavendieh-tquare, a elrcot well known to all ihe boBt- droesed womon in London. Ae ho drove along bo debated what ho Bhould do for Mrs. Baddeley. He was so inherently a man cf business— albeit he had never soiled his fingers with the grime ol a eity office— tbsl it irked bim to fling n hnndred pounds into this harpy's maw, as a sop ia flung to Gerb.-rus. It woold please him better to tookc some kind of bargain with the harpy, even if the transaction should cost bim more than a hundred pounds. He wantod to get ocmo advantage for bis money. Ha sent bis card to Mrs. Focsonby, and was at onoo admitted into tho very eauoluary o I tbo hauso near Cavendish iquare — the lady's private roam, stndy, office, or boudoir, whichever aba might prefer to call it ; ana here he was receivtd with gracious smiles by Mrs. Ponsonby herself. She needed no explanation of ble errand, or she had eeen him in attendance upon the handsome Mrs. Baddoley at race meetings uud other places of publia resort, whither Mrs. Poueonby went occasionally to eee how tbo world was ueiug her caelomcre.. It wsb thorn that she made up her mind about all her doubtful patronesses as to bow far they might bo worthy of her confidenao. That ivliioh sho saw at Huriingbam or at Sandowc -ervtd as tho chart by which she etcered in ilaugeroas seas, In the drcssmakorV eail- ination of Mrs. Biddeley— whoso account was a bagatelis compared with other aa counts— Mr. Breahing was an important factor. Ha had never crossed her threshold until to day, and ehe felt pleased with hereclf for hsviog written tbo Iotter that bad brought him tbcro. She wns not so pleased, however, alter a quarter ot an hour's conversation with Mr. Beechiog. Of money on acaount ho wonid not give her a Bixpcnoe, If she were prepared lo settle hor acoouut upon equitable lermB, ssy. thirty-thxeo por cont., ho would give her his obeque and take Mrs. Baddeley a reooipt in fall of all demands. If ehe were not dis posed to aaoopt this offer, she must look to Mrs. Biddeley alone for hor mouey. Ho would have nothing to do with it. Ho knew what dressmakers' b.lia were, and tbo usurious profits they cxioted, Ho was asenred that thirty throe per cent, would pay for all that she had eopplied, and leave a margin cf profit. At any rate that was hia ultimatnm. Mrs. Biddeley had given him plenary powers. Aa for the gowns for this evening, Mrs. Biddeloy could do very well without them. It wae by her aoting, not by her ooetumo, ehe wna to plcasohor audience. It was not bo supposed that ha was to be frightened into paying an exorbitant account. Mrs. Poueonby hold oat for a long time. Bhe was net iu tho habit of compromising an acaoant. She wbb in no immediato want of money. She meant to havo her due. Mrs. Baddoley would bo obliged to pay bcr. 1 My good soul, it is all very well to talk,' replied Mr. Betching, who wae more at his eaeo in a business interview than iu eaciety ; ' but can you gri blood ont of a stone? Can >oa get nine hundred pounds ont of an nffioor'B wife— a Udy whoso husband if'being roasted alive at Canriabsr or eomo whore, in order to keep body end sonl together. Yvu havo made your mistake in trusting a lady in Mrs. Baddclcy'e sad posltiou, and ;ou ougk.1 .ie-tblul, yoa.a,1t uncommonly luoky it you gut a clear third of yoor aoocnnt, without law expenses or bother of any bind.' ' Mrs. Biddeley may not havo money, bnt she has friondB,' argued the droasmakor, doggedly. 'No doubt she has friends — hosts of friends— hut I tslio it I am tho only ono among 'cm who would pay oix and eight psDoe in the pound to got her ont of a difficulty. Oan thing I am nasnro yon, Mrs. PousoDhy, I wnu t puy soven shillings. I have made my final off. r.' Hu 'bad biB cheque-book in the breast pcoKot of bis snmmor overcoat, the end showing din iuctly against tho silk lining Ho touobed tho book lightly aa ho spoke, and that touch deoided Mrs. Ponsonby. hbo had felt Bomu uneasiness about Mrs. Baddoioy'B acoouut, and it was something to get tho cOBt price of her materials, with the credit of having dressed a lady who was known and admired in a particular aet, and who bad brought Mrs. Ponsonby a good deal of anatom I should be sorry to disoblige a lady for whom I have a great liking,' she said, with a patronising air ; ' and rather than do that I will aocept your cheque.' 'And give mo a reoeipt in fait of ail demands?' Yes, eo isr as the aooount yon have there. The gowns that are to be delivered this afternoon are not in that aoaount.' ' What aro thoy to oost V Mrs Ponronby looked al a doooment on her Davenport. ' Seventy. bovcd pounds oighteen shillings and ninepsnoe.' 1 I'll add thirty-five to yoor cheque, and yon oan oross Mrs. Baddeley out ol your boohs altogether,' ' What I I am to lake a third of my aooount and to loeo my oeetomcr?' Not at all. She eays there ie no one in London but you who oan mako hor a gown. She will go on dealing with yon I havo no doabt ; but if sho tokos my advioo she will always pay ready money, and always know what ehe is going to pay when she gives tbo order, You'll both of, you find ths system over eo muoh pleaeanter.' ' Not if my priooa ars to be oat down In this way,' replied Mrs. Ponsonby. Thero was a further discuesion, but Mr. Beeohlng's logio and hie oheque-book pre vailed. Ho wrote hia Cheque, got Ihe two receipted acoocnte, saw tbo milliner's basket deposited on tbo lop of a cab, with a young woman in cbBrgo of it, and then drovo hack to Wiikie Mansions. He passed tho fcur- wheoler and the big basket boforo ho reached the Park. Mrs. Baddeley wae in her drawingroom, pale, anxious, bat lovely, in a Japanese lea- gown, and lirae-blosaom green, undor a olood of oofifeo-ooloured laoo. 'Dearest Beeohing, have you got me my gowns?' she gaspod. with oLeped hands, as he etood just within tho doorway. Toiv, always eager to distinguish himself, ruehed at the half- open door and banged it, and then oamo baok to his mistress on bis hind-legs to aek for hie aooujttofned reward of bieauit or sugar, but Leo w'aS'too agitated to think of Tory. ' Your gowns will be here in leu mloutee. I pas-ad them 00 the road. Could you think I would allow you to be unhappy tor the eako of a paltry hundred?' eaid Beeohing, tecd'.rly. 'Oh, Lsoocrn, how little yoa know me.' This wae a plunge. Ho bad nover called her Leonora before. Tory gave a abort, indignant barb, either at Mr. Beoahing'a familiarity or at bis mis tress's nogloot. ' I havo dons something more than you asked,' continued Beeohing, still more tenderly. ' I have got you ont of debt. You don't owe Mrs. Ponsonby a shilling. Thero ie the aid account, and there is the acaount fur your new gowne, bath rcoeipted.' ' Y'ou darling I How can I over be grate ful enough ? Hew can I over repay you ?' 'Yon might repay me eaeiiy, it you tried, Leonora. Hbow me a liltlo ol thai favour which yon lavish bo freely upon your sister's lover. Give me soma of tboes smiles yon give to St. Austell Let mo be something ' more to you than a stop-gap and a con venience. Leo, you know that I adore you,1 He drow noaror to her, regardless of Tory, whose yellow eyes wero shining ominously. ' You won't refuoo ma a kiss, Leo?' ' 0 jo I Half a dozen, If yon liko.' He sprang to clasp hor waist, to press those exquisite lips, and wae mot by a add black muzzle, wbiol) touobed him for an instant, and was withdrawn just as it widened into a growl, preliminary lo a snap. Mrs. Biddeley had snatabed up Tory, He was to bcr an Mcduna's head wae to Minerva, and aim at as invinolblo. My dear Botching, I hope your kindusiB in helping mn out of a diflloalty docs not make you forgot that 1 havo a husband in India,' she said with dignity, and Bscching stood before her crestfallen and angry, but nnoblo to reply, Mr. Beeohing began to understand that iu was eo write cntqaes whonovor they wore urgently wanted, hot thai ho was to get nothing but oflornocn lea and Tory's attentions for his money. 'You are very oruel,' bo said sulkily, 'Good day.' ' You'll eomo to see the play, dear Beeoh ing,' sho said, so ho was departing. ' I'll bo il I do I' ' Ob, I bopo you won't be fir a I ; but I know you'll oome to eco Peg WoOington.' He mot tbe milliner's basket and tho yoang woman jast emerging from tho lift. Ho bad none of that generous glow wliiob ia said to follow tbe doing ot a good notion. Ha foil angry and savage at boing foiled. ' Tbo next time sho'o in a difficulty oho may whisilo for me,' ho suid to himself p but whon olght o'clock oamo ho cculd no more keep away from tho Victorian-hall than a moth oan keep away from a oandlo. It was eo near hia chombcrs in tbo Albany, Ho had not oven to order hie brougham. Ho just slipped on bis overcast, took one from half a dozen guinea tiokote on his ohimcey.picac, and walked to Iho plaao of entertainment Carriage" wero setting down at tho entrance; Lady Belfisld, Helen, und Sir Adrian wore going in just in front of him, amongst a fathionablo crowd. His Btall was next but one to Holon's, and St. Austell oooupied tbo seat between thorn- ' How odd that wo should be eido by sido,' said bis lordship, loud enough for Lady Beifieldlo hear. -- Helen made no answer. She was not yot mistress of those arts of h>pcarisy whioh enable a woman to glido from flirtation to flirtation, and from intrigne to intrigue, with a bold front end a lofty crest. She had net passed tbo bordor lino ot guilt, and yot her head wae henfc by the burden of oonecious shams. That slight droop ot tho head, and languid pensive air, enhanoed her beauty, in an ago when brazen mirthiuluesa is the commonest attributo of" woman. Sho had a fragile lock, like a tail while lily, bont almost to breaking, Socio ot her frisndB K>id sho lookod consumptive, .and would not last many seasons. Sbo know that St. Anetoll had taken infinite trouble to get that' stall next hoi's. Ho bad boon with bcr at tea-time to find out the number of hor seat— had been with her, they two alone, in the Japanese drawing room — with not even Tory to make a diver sion tram perilous sentimentality — and then bad driven off to Ibo Hall in a hanBom to get h b own number exchanged ; and now he expected hor to so', surprise. ' Masks cud Fuoos' was listoned to with politeoce8 and appropriate applause by people who ri mcmborod Funny Stirling in tbe hoyday of hor oharmc as Peg Wellington ; by people who could hardly dissoaiqto tho oharactcr from Mrs. Bancroft, and by other people who had scon Mrs, Bernard Bocre, As for Mis. Biddeley, bcr diamonds and her goWDB wero lovely. Her aatiug wbb easy and refined, and attcrly. undrcmatio; but sho was above tbo level of her fellow-performers, aud was supposed by tbo >1 ood by hcreolf to bo taking the town by storm. Applause !b given bu froely to amateurs, since approval means nothing and compromises nobody. People who havo been aoaxed into buying guiuoa stalls for an old familiar play, must at leant pretond to enjoy themiolvcs, and the audienoo wes fashionable, and could oonsols itself with tho idea that is was tho right thing to bo tbero. Lady Bclficld and her daughter-in-law parted in the vcetibulo. Hclcn was going ou -o m v—'y -n Jtcgfmt Terrano w'ith ber siBter. She had to go' lo Mrs. Baddelcy'e droiainv room and wait tboro while that ludy changed ! her dross, which would be rather a long ! business no doubt. Bt. Austell offered to take hor to hor sister's room, bat Adrian gave hsr his arm, as if by a superior right. II you'll take osre of my mother, I'll be baok in a low minutes, ' he said to St, Austoll, as he walked off with Holon. It was the first time she bad touobed hie arm since tney wore smsuosa lovers, ana aer fiogoni trembled faintly as they rested on his slcevo. Who had so many oauscs for agitation that night. St. Austell's pursuit, ' unobtrusive, but fatal ; her fear of her husband's return, whioh might oeocr at any moment ; and now her dread of thie gravo, earnest brothcr-in law, whom sho had wronged in tho past, aud wham ehe shrank from in tho present as from one who had an ooault power to read her heart, ' You arc looking pale and tired, Helen,' eaid Adrian, as they wont along a passage leading to tho baok of the Hall, ' Most you really go lo a party to- night ?' ' I am due at two. There is Lady Glsn dare's musical evening, which I would not miss for worlds, and a danco afterwards— a late danoo— wbioh means 0; ffte and orriagce at six o'clock to-morrow morning,'' ' I believe you are killing yourself with ibis kind of life.' Oh, but it ie only a rpart; it lasts so short a time — "a roso's brief bright lifo of' joy," as somebody has eaid ' And you go from party to party, from orowd to orowd, alone?' ' What do you mean by alone ?. I am nnder my elder sister's wing, always,' I don't think that wing is qnite enough to rbolter yon, Helen. I don't like to think of yon about in sooiety witbont your hmbaid.' 1 1 .hoold see very little ol soaiety if I waited for Valentine lo take mo about. Da yon know that I should havo gone out ol my mind ia few months ago — gone mslanoholy mad — il Leo had not oome to my rescue?' 1'bat is very sad, Helen. I most talk to my brother—' Don't I It would only make bad blood between as. It is all over with us as a, devoted aoupte ; it was ail over directly after' oor honeymoon I was so fond of him. and I thought wo wero going to be so happy together — not oommonplaoa married people, leading oommoDplaoo Bemi.attuohsd lives, but wedded lovers, I vory soon found out my mistake,' But you have only boon married two yeats. You oaonot be tirod ot eaoh other yot. Valtntino is too muoh aooustomsd to havo his awn way, and to aoek hit own imusemont; bat I havo no doubt he lovoa you as lendly as ever.' You have not seen no togotber, or you would know bettor.' I cannot believe that there is any change in his feelings,' persisted Adrian ; ' hat I think tho kind of life you are leading ie sal julotsd to estrange him. Tho knowledgo chat you are going about in sooiety without him will mako bim nforo and mora aarelese ot his homo, more intent upon his own pleasures.' They weto at Mrs. Bsddeley's door by this titse. Good night,' stid Helen, offering Adrian bcrband. He pressed il gently, with a brother's kindly grasp. We may meet again, porhaps, beioro morning. I saw Glandore at tho Junior Oarlton, and he asked me to look in at hor ladyship's patty, and hear PattL' 'An revoir, then,' said Helen, with. an uudefiaablo testing that Adrian's prescnoe would Bpoil hsr evening. Ho had told her that he did not approve of her battel fly life; and sho oonld not "hake off tlie idea that he oonld read her thoughts and knew the downward road on which she was travelling. Chapter XXIII.— On the Tkrraob. It took Mrs. Baddeley a considerable time to transform herself from Peg Woffiog. ton to a lady of tbe period The oonoerl was over in Begent Terraoe when the sistorc arrived. Pat'.i bad iung and departed, and s stream of smart peopla wero flawing out ol the lofty hail on ifltir way to iunoss; hut tha'plesoanttst fcatuia ol Lad/ .Glanuoro's puttier was tbo. lumptit tcrrae, whore hor ladyship's guests sauntered u) or down, or sat abont in friendly groups tmong groves of palms and pyramids of lowers, and listened to 1 band statioaed it ibo end of the terraos. Whatever band sua best and most fashionable was to bo hard at Lady Giandore's ; and the change bom tho bril lianl rootDB and operatio mnsic tbe orowd' >nd tho dazzle ot tbe house, to this ooog region of palms and flowcis md lampion clustering among Ihe greenery, md Japanos umbrella oanopies, and little tables pro rided with strawberries and oroim, and talk, and flirtation, and icec drinks, and stirring national melodies, was a change that delighted everybody. Aui there, aorcss tbo shadowy park, in soabro solemn grandeur, showed tlie dease talk of Abboy nnd Senate Haass ; lbs plats where tbo dead, who seom bo great, are Ijing ; and tho plaoo whero the living, who sum eo small, arc trying to talk tbemsehte into fame and Immortality. Titers were many people is London who preferred Lady Giandore's terrace to tho smartest daooe of tbe seism, and who lingered and loitered there teteen lamp light and shadow, strolling up and down, or Itaoiog on the balustrade, dreimily oontom- plativo of tbat dark bulk of tovers and roots, onohed bora and thero with points of vivid ighl. Mrs. Biddcisy was neither dreamy nor contemplative, nnd the only ideas the Abbey or tho senbie Eoueo awakened in her mind wore tbat deatb iu aoy form, oven wbon glorified in marble, was an inevitable nnisanoe, and that politics were, perhaps, a still greater boro.. She was ot too earth, earthy, and always mads the most of the present moment. Sho speedily ' took pos session of one of the strawberry and oream tables, and bad a clnster of admirers abont her, whom sho sent on errands lo ths supper- 300m. ' I am going to frighten you all by eating :a most prodigious supper,' she oried. 1 Re mombor, I have been aoting comedy and tragedy, laughing and- crying, and loving and oufforing, for Ibeoo hours, and havo had nothing but ono poor little split and a tonipoonful of brandy. 1> am on Iho verge of cxbvnstion, bo now food mo, good people. Y/hat, ii' that you, B3aobing?' she oried, aa a dark, figure and an expanse of ehirt-lront roeo up in the shadow of a neighbouring palm, like the ghost in tho ' Oorsioan Brothers.' ' I did not think- I should seu yoa here to-nignl. How did you liko my Peg ?' Bbs was lifting a ohampagno tumbler to hor rosy lips as aha spoke, and B inching thought sbo was alluding to some particular order of drink, ' How did you liko tbe play. — and — tny gowns?' 'sho said, impatiently. 1 1 suppose it was all very fine, bnt I ain't much of a judgoofaoything but a bnrloeqao.' ' Ob, but I bops I mads you sty,' said MrB. Baddeley, attacking a plateful of dolioaoios, whioh a praotioal admirer had collated for bor ; (chgrae, ohioken, lobster salad, all on tbo sumo plate. It saves bo muoh time,' ho Baid, ' and you don't scorn to be oatlog bo much,' to wbioh Lso laughingly agreed. ' Wbon I havo finished my supper I mean to wallow in strawberriaB and cream for tbo root of tho ovoning,' sho said, with frank vulgarity ; ' and yon will all have to amnso mo. I am muoh too exhausted to do any talking myself/ ' Ttien I'm afraid you must bo at doath'd door,' retorted BeeohiDg. ' Good graolous I' oried Loo, starting up suddenly and looking about her. 'Have you dropped anything ?' oriod a ehoruo of admirorB. ' Your fan — your band" kcrohic! ?' ' No, it's my sictor. I'm ohepsroning hor, doa'c you know, pior young (biog, and I haven't eeon bcr oinco we lets the aloak room.' ' Oh, sho's quite safe,', siid Beeohing, in his Blow, sullon voioo. 1 1 saw hor at the other end of the terraoe— ths dark ond— looking at the view— with St. Austell.1' I'm afraid I ought to go and look them up presently,' said Mrs. Baddoley, pushiug away hor p'.ato with n aigb of satisfaction ; and now, you doer, good Colonel, you may go and got mo some oream, and things, what- ! ever looks niaest. Yoa are anoh a good natoror. St. Auatcil ie a dear fellow, .but it's nnluoky ho has made him-atll ouch a bad co pulation.' ' I dou't think ho took muoh trouble about it,' answorod Beeohing. 1 1 linoy it oamo naturally.' Such a pity,.' sighed Leo. ' He is bo handsome — Bod distinguished — and olovor— I oo altogether nice a < it the taut word ex pressed supreme merit — ' and yet people will talk about bim, and it's almost dingeroas for a young married woman to bo civil to bim.' You are not .afraid, tho',' said Mr. Mountneeeing, a man about town, who was vory devoted to Mm. Baddeley, bnt who had nevtr imperilled his poeco ol mind, or do- pleted his puree tor any womm living. ' Y-u aro uncommonly civil to him.' Oh, I don't oount. I am a Bohemian ol the Bohemians. I make no distinctions. ,1 knew so thoroughly well bow to tike eare of myself, ' said Leo, devoaring an iaed tovfflc. Upon ay word I believe yon do,' said Mr. Bieohing, to which tbo ohorns agreed. ' But my sistor is yonngor than I sm, and knows very little of the world, and ought io ha looked after,' said Lio, attacking a pine apple croam. 'Not nearly eo good as tho aoutild, Colonel ; yon should havo brongbt mo moro of'the oonfllo.' 'And Mrs. Belfisld has not tho advantage of a husband in India,' said Colonel Cot- terell. ' No, Indeed, post thing 1' spread Leo. ' A negleotful husband at home is not nearly so groat a proteotion for a wife as a dear kind follow in India, toiling tor one nnder a tropionl bud.' ' bo tonobing I' said the Colonel, (to be continutd.) 