THE MXai&VXNTUBSa; OP A Jftmak &Zr;\ " infcorieoted. smiling. ' wMwm S^JXSStS&2!2> -SVffi I need not say that Alioe had her way. That very evening we set to work « Atit;nxj«n..» Zhfnu^I4 i,*6!Bat UPunt11 allhoursot the night puczilng our braini over it. My wife's exclt«. ment was so (jreat that she oould not Bleep. 8he woke meup twice in the night to tell me she had discovered tUBlnU^Thn' S,?Uld *?av°t»okled the wretched a,ter break-tost if I had not ***«» °® 40 »y work. However, I need not Stth on? °tn\Jir0eJ^$' « 1 need say is that on the wh»J XT J°iniproduoUon went ,n* Until the 80th. Smftotv.UPU iW*lipromised' we wore in a state of .J1*"0!4 hysterioal excitement The first post on that day brought us a letter, which we knew was the letter before we opened it. My wife's dear face was quite pale as she huded it to me. M '.Open it, dear,"she whispered. I did, and I admit that I started when I read it. i k ii* 8a.'^*8 I caught herintny arms and kissed her. "wohave won the-Ithluk there must be a mistake-we have won the first and 6eoond prizes 80 it eaj-t, though-" [ Alice looked up. there were tears in her eyes, but a merry twinkle shone through thorn. I sent in an answer on my own account." she explained, and I'm so glad, dear, so triad." The Vicar's note informed us that the prizes would be sent to us on our forwarding one pound twelve, to defray thecoet of carriage. Tins expense was unex pected and heavy, but 1 would not have damped my wiles pleasure for twloe the sum, so I put a good face on " Well! A St. Bernard dog and a bicycle cannot be considered dear at the price," I exclaimed with a laugh. Dear at the price! A time came when I recalled the words, and bitter indeed was the recollection. Never shall I forget the scene of excitement that took place when the carrier pulled up at our house. The first package that he palled out was the bicycle there was no mistaking the. shape of that-and my wife's nimble fingers were at. work undoing the pack ago before it had well left tho man's hands. Then in he brought a lame case, filled with straw, and with some battens p tiled across the top. "Game, aiutit, sir?' asked the carrier. I laughed. "Game ! No! Ifs a dog," I said. " Oh I U it?' said the man as I signed the receipt.' Re shook the box and whistled through the battens. " lie aint an over lively 'un; in he, sir?" he asked. I remarked that he was.probably tired, and wanted a feed. No sooner was the man's back turned than I set to work to knock off the battens. My wife was so im patient that she could not wait until I had completed the job. She thrust her hands in, and separating the straw disclosed the coveted St Bernard. " " oh 1 What a loVc!" she cried ecstatically. What a darling 1 He must be asleep, dear. Whistle, Dolly." I did whistle-I whistled as I never had in my life before-and when whistling was no good I adopted other measures. First of all I shook the box violently, and when that was of no more use than the whistling I turned it oh its side, and,'so to speak, emptied its contents on the floor. There was the St. Bernard, sure enough, but even the shaking I had giren him failed to make him give auy signs of animation. " Poor fellow? He must be asleep I" cried my wife, as she sank at his side and patted bis ribs with a timid hand. '*1 don't wonder, when he has been cooped up in that horrid box. Poor old fellow," ebe whispered, as she leant her pretty head over his. "Did they shut him up in a . Oh! Dolly 1" Alice Jumped up from the floor with a shriek, her faoe as white as a ghost She would have fallen had I not flfMghtr httr. - " OhT Dolly t Look «t his eyes !* I helped ber Into a chair, and going down on my knees did as-idie oadit me. One gianoe told me the truth. The dog-that 8L Barnard of whom we had dreamt every boor of tho day, aye, and of the night, for weeks put-was as dead as mutton. My wife read the truth in my eyes long before I had time to speak. "Oit Ij)erfr#ps lie's only in a fit," she cried hysteri cally. as she wrong her hands. "What oan we do? What oan -wc 4o ? Perhaps he has only fainted." The suggestion seemed to me just possible, though I had reasons--which the recollection of the carrier's remarks strengthened-for not being over hopeful. "A warm bath would be the only thing,"! said; "but Fm afraid that it's no go." Howevi r, we gave him a warm bath, boiling him for £ quarter ot an hoUr 'or so, but no sign of vitality did he give. - I reooliected that a veterinary surgeon had lately set up a few doors off. 1 rushed off for him, and' Kibkliy found him at home. I told him what we had done, finishing up with a description of the bath. The vet laughed. ' It's ntf wonder you weren't successful," he said, as he examined hUn-" The brute has been dead three days at the very least" I paid him his fee, and sought my wife, who, at my earnest solicitation, had gone to her room to lie down. 1 told her the verdict-that seems the proper word, as we had, so to«peak, been holding an inquest-and ber grief redoubled. " Well 1 my dear, we are not to be pitied so much after all," I said, trying to put a better faoe on the matter, "ihebiejwle is right enough, and I daresay that we are much better off without a big brute that would 'eat us out of house and home. Besides, I «h*n make representations to the Vicar of Burbuiy, and, it ho is a gentleman, he will make us some com pensation." jj my thesis was sound, then the vicar was not a gentleman, tor he utterly refused to compensate us for the dog. "He was alive when he left here," he wrote." and was despatched at your request and at your risk. If he took Ave days on the Journey it is no fault of mine." " I may mention," he added in a noBtaprfnt. "that titers wore only seven competitors, £rt*ofwi»om were dismissed, so that It Is I. 2 anyone, who has cause for dissatisfaction." In face ofthis statement I did not pursue the subject further. The dog was buried in the baokxarden, Alice's tender eyes Ailing yrith tears as I shovelled the earth over " He would have been a child for us," she whispered, with a blush and downcast eypt And, as I thought ot our empty nursery, I pressed the dear gull arm toX felt the dog's death to a degree for which I was unprepared, Going into the drawingroom not ta XnK I found her rested atthe .piano Harsh In Haul," and, aa I looked ather.a big t£rWl on tha keys. Though we inspected the bfciwie that d«y, our en tbusUem had fled forthe time being. However, the next morning, before braakisettoa we had it out In \--r- Mii 4a turn endeavoured to-now aft to grief, flotenjy flMllallto keep my eqaMMam. not only did 1 omit to,steer the tntohSs,BrtSCStd I foiart to xfSk thWpedala, but 1 detstoptdaa ektntwdlnaor wektaetafortaking headers, wfeVoh bat for radtroted assistants, might tare rteuttsd disastrously. If our visit to Afint Barbara was to be paid withia * reasonable time ;&adtobeldoM.;' * by notssriop a drtwinpnuster, and (yjn the local aotools. . laetermlned to mm « tnypopUs, a proficient cyclist, who iolive lathe next strost Oa my mention* \- -r-v -«"-|u*orif' . matter to WmheoaajeirlttialAcflty. i tt*tpOd «.!" fee aaksd on Wiff, jstobably with aa eye to borrowing it - .(^Itw^ttiejMetrre eyeraeen,"! answered with rightof itthe 4m died out ot his » beastiy Oid bone^hakuI" ha ex *&, -- my bo ipoke. but m I wm nt&dl; vent om" I WfcMwL tbiagi &at; I uiL tiutw. Mbl caught hold of the machine, " for it'll shake every bone in your body. Shall I try it, sir?" With that off he wenTE, and upon my word to my in experienced .ey e the result was not displeasing Well, one can Just make it po and that's all" the lad said as he got off. " It wants oiling, though. and the backbone is a bit crooked. If you mean to sUck to it, you'd better have it repaired, but if I were you I d give it away and geta new one." I had it repaired, however, and ten days afterwards I was sufficiently proficient to; venture out in the streets, my practioe having been confined to an intre qucntcd lane, which runs at the back of our bouse I still found it very difficult to steer olear of the traffic' and the inclination to take headers had not entirely disappeared. But my principal danger arose from another cause. The rattling of tho machine made it excessively difficult for_jne to keep on my glasses-I wear a " pince-ner"-and without theui i cannot see a yard in front of my nose. My first week of cycling was uneventful, but on the eighth Bay 1 had two unpleasant and memorable experiences. I have said that I earn my living as a drawing-master. Now, tho principal use to which I had anticipated applying tho bicycle was the going the rounds of my schools, which are all situated within a three-mile radius of my house at Ealing, it was on my iron steed, then, that I rode up to Dr. Starch's, the principal of the Ealing Gymnasium, and my most important employer. As I was leaving, the doctor sent for me. "Mr. Pott," ho said, in a stern voice, "I think that you came here on a bicycle this morning?" I admitted that I had done "so. "Wow, I have a great objection to interfering with my masters outside the, sphere of thoir professional duties," resumed the doctor, "but, when the main tenanoe of the discipline of my school Is at stake, I am forced to speak out. Mow, I may be wrong," his tone directly negatived the possibility of such a thing, " but it seems to me that the fact of a master figuring on a-a toy of the kind is likely to imperil his-er prestige. When respect ceases, discipline becomes impossible. I hope 1 shall not have to mention this again." It was the day when" the long-projected visit to Aunt Barbara was to take place. With Or. Starch's words ringing in my ears it was impossible that I should not tie somewhat crestfallen. Alice no sooner caught sight of my faoe^han Bbe knew something had pone wrong. I told her what hod happened. Her indignation knew no bounds. *' He's a nasty-old-usfiy monster," she said with emphasis, "and I only wish that I could afford to tell him so. I'm sure you look very nice on your bicycle, dear-very nice indeed. He's jealous, the horrid old fright I Welti you muse keep it for your pleasure, it you can't make use ot it foryour business. .Now I'm off to dress, find we'll go across to Aunt Barbara's." Aunt Barbara is a maiden lady of whom, Alice being her only relative,'we had expectations.' (Alas 1 that I should have to usrthe past tense t) She lives in ao old-fashioned, but comfortable, cottage on Bichmond-hill, whioh is~tffitefully furnished, and is her own property, bbe is ehort-tempered at times, has strong'ideas on most subjects, but is at bottom a worthy old lady, whose goodwill we valued; Alice oame down a few minutes afterwards, looking charming. There was a colour in her cheeks which rendered her face, always a pood-looking one, perfectly irresistible. Aa I kissed' her I told her so. - - " Mount your steed, sir," she said sternly. " There's ho time to waste on frivolities." NpW I am not going to describe my ride over to Richmond. I do not tbink 1 oould do so if I tried. However I got as far as I did without accident I can hot my: Thi escapes I had 1 Before 1 got to Kew bridge I was nearly driven into half a dozen times, and had " to take ground," to borrow a nautical figure, at. least every quarter of a mi'.e. But my journey to the b.ridge was plain-sailing to my expe rience between there and the Richmond Deer-park. My difficulties on an ordinary road had been bad enough, bat 'here my path absolutely bristled with perils. My wreiohed bicycle caught in the rails of tramways, my pinoe-nea came off a hundred times, and wlien J did. get along for. a few yards with any thing like smoothness some vehicle would unex pectedly " come at" mp, sending my heart into my mouth. I had at first been able to keep up with the tram-car, but after we -had gone'half a mile I gave up the attempt. It was in vain that Alice, who had taken a seat on the top of the car, urged me to fresh j endeavour by vigorously waving her paraSol, whilst her face was dimpled in encouraging and appreciative smiles. 1 might as well have tried to run Urmonde oh foot as to keep up with the tram. Long before I reached the Biehmond Deer- park the tram car was out of sight, though, as a matter of faot,-my atten tion was too closely occupied with my own means ot locomotion for me to say the precise spot that we parted .company. I had just got on a piece of " good going," and was oongmtulating myself on the fact, when, turning a corner, I found myself within less than ten yards of two hansom cabs, whioh were being driven at a furious paoe towards me. 1 dont know what I ought to have dpne, 1 can merely say what I did. I turned the infernal machine (happy phrase!) straight for the footpath. There was a terrible shock ;1 shot over the handle; and the nest moment 1 'lay in the gutter on my face, bleeding and senseless. When I came to myself I found myself in charge ot a policeman, who had luckily engaged a cab for me. My face was terribly <cut about, and my teeth, or most of them, seemed quite loose. But what caused me the greatest conoern was that both my wrists, on which my livelihood depended, seemed eithor dis located or broken. The policeman helped me into a cab, and getting in with me asked me my address. I gave him Aunt Barbara'e. Never shall 1 forget the effect I produced on my wife, and Aunt Barbara. The former's grief knew no bounds. The while die sponged my face and did a thousand little tender offices for me, the tears posi tively rained down her face. Aunt Barbara's attitude was very different. " This oomee of these new-tangled ideas," she ex claimed angrily. "Serves you right for makin? such a fool of yourself. Upon my word 1 A man of your age riding a bicycle I - What next V' it was in vain that Alioe cast beseeching looks at her, she was not to be appeased. " So this is the surprise you had prepared for me," she sneered. " Well 1 U you meant to mi prise me," ebe underlined the word i have italicised, "you have succeedqd. Ado(phus Potts, you're a lool 1" I was in such a state that I could not have taken my own part had I been so inclined. For the time being Iwas impervious to invective. But I had a champion near at band ready to do battle for me. Dear Alice loved her aunt, who, indeed, had brought her op; (die had never disputed her opinions, how ever much they differed (ram her own; ehe had ever been obedient and submissive. But to hear her hus band attacked in this fashion was more than even her flesh and blood oould stand. " Aunt Barbara t" she cried, Indignantly. How can you be to cruel.'' " Cruel fiddlestick* 1* snapped out Aunt Barbara, "I say your husband is alooL I always thought so, and now I'm sore of It" Alloe is the most even-tempered woman in the world; but the endurance Of Job had its limits. .' Aunt Barbara," she cried, turning round to her, the Ifrfatnlhg of Indignation flashlog from her eyes, *'youi vabnttr ? I effeot of these voids was electrical. To say that Aunt Batten toned livid is to pay a oompll ment to her colour. Her *yes mm waiting out of bVth6*a.~~8Tfra&Ulfl;~hard1y breathe. Fora moment " and never let me Dnring the drli ing was a painful too full; but " bed the dim* "leooUtl her iaoe in the held pended on neither of us spoke-speak er Ue-Alice s heart was jjadjcofgn me comfortably in ;*pift oried, as ehe buried Urine. " I couldn't hare the Indies had de ' lfy * accident atvcfadW ^Motion wlto Dr. jwgtfit me word that ta' -iio more. As my J not have availed in willing to do so. " me in a resolve t upaeohoolfor _ fnr the result has "ft tfefl best mastert BMy-ayasat least, looking , sobUWe* trioyoi4,andans delighted with-W.- Aa we have elected to fight the battle o! Uto shouMoj to4kraHpT.lt is only natron we WoUId pot be divided, thtfkl we'tayisrcaperlty ^.".w&asx; boad master ot \» mot) lor tap Stanh's. Whw b« b< be would require wrists were badly I. himself of them even Dr. Starch's behavti I bad long enterta myself. lam glad to been most sal' wile in the . have able that in on I-haVpnew to a bicycle.^ If sports ne value of five I mr~ bsrtV Postscript-As* Mrivedlriwi/ fft r ' ,? . jl j ! fiia*Japi Unw a npte has , i .beaaksw.-and in thai ^ajarSfis&ie; 