The Millwood Mystery (BY JEANNIE LOCKETT.) (Begun in the TOWN AND COUNTRY, JOURNAL, November 13.) CHAPTER XVI. - ROBERT NEILL'S RETURN. All through his drive, while the shadows were lengthening on the grass, he thought of the sealed packet, and of what it would be best ti di with it. "If I were absolutely certain that it contained evidence which would clear Robert, I would have it opened here. But can I be certain that it does?" And, as he spoke his thought aloud, the doctor took out the packet and looked at it, adding, in a musing tone - "If it contained only his letters returned to him, and things of that sort, it would only point to the fact of a rupture between them, and that might tell against instead of for him. From its size, it is evident it must have more in it than a few lines, such as she would only have time to write before Mrs. Morrison left. I wish I knew what to do, or how to act, for the best." The thought was still in his mind when he drew up at the gate leading to the railway station into which the train from Newcastle, due at that hour, was steaming. The doctor sat watching the train as it came in puffing and snorting, as if tired with its journey, and yet angry at having to stop before its northward course was run. He watched it as it came to a stop, and he watched the guard as he ran along the platform calling out - "M'lwood ; M'lwopd!'' and yet, all the time the thought of the sealed packet was in his mind. He thought of it as he saw the guard open the door of one of the first-class carriages ; and then, it seemed as if he no longer had any power to think, for theperson who stepped on the platform was no other than Robert Neill ! Yes, though looking more haggard and care- worn than when he saw him a fortnight ago - looking more like a ghost than a living man - it was Robert Neill, and no other! Robert Neill whom a moment before he thought was on the wide ocean, on his way to the other side of the globe. It was he sure enough, and in an instant the thought came into the doctor's mind, "Was he, after all, guilty, and, driven by remorse, coming back to give himself up to justice?" But the thought passed as quickly as it came, and another, only less painful, came in its place, as to whether a warrant had been issued for Robert Neill's ar- rest, and he had been in ignorance of it. This thought was helped by the expressions on the faces of the platform loiterers, as they stepped back to let Robert Neill pass - not greeting him, though there waa not one there who did not know him, but looking askance at him, and whispering to each other. The doctor saw all this, though he had got out of the buggy, and was making, his way toward the platform. It was evident that the loiterers, standing there, expected to see Robert Neill ar- rested, or to see him give himself in charge to the policeman, who stood looking at him. It was evident that the policeman himself had one or other of these ideas in his mind, for he stepped forward, as if to speak to him. But as the dootor went closer he drew back a little. Robert Neill grasped the doctor's hand without a word, and then, turning to the policeman, said : "Do you wish to speak to me, Burns ?" " No, sir - I thought you -" the policeman said, confusedly, and then stopped. "Well, what did you think? " Robert Neill said, quietly, and yet with a curious intonation that seemed to indicate a suppressed fierceness under lying the outward calm. " It don't matter, sir - not in the least. I see I made a mistake," the policeman said, retreating farther as he spoke. "It matters to me," Robert Neill said, follow- ing him up, " tell me at once what you thought." The old influence of Robert Neill's position of justice of the peace had begun to assert itself over the policeman, and, cowering before him, he stammered - "I thought - I beg your pardon, sir, but I thought you'd come back to - to give yourself up \- I'm sure I beg your par -" "And .what reason had you for thinking so? - Why should 1I give rnyself up - what have l done ?" Robert Neill interrupted him to say, and speaking in a tone that every one on the platform could hear. "I-I beg your pardon, sir - but people said things about you - and I thought - " the police- man, who had entirely lost.his official air - the air which so distinguished him at the inquest - and was shaking with fear, stammered, confusedly. "What 'things?" Robert.Neill said, sternly. " It was' about your - about the poisonin' case, sir---" "Well?" " They said you had something to do with it, I-I'm sure I beg -" "I understand, though you have not made yourself very clear. lt is in reference to this matter of what people have been so kindly saying behind my back that I am here. I want to find out by what authority or reason they have been saying these things," Robert Neill said, in the clear tones in which he had before spoken; adding, "I shall expect people, who haye said them, to prove their words." "I can only say again that I am sorry - I acted on the spur of the moment - and you know, sir, (with a return to his official manner) it's a police- man's duty to take notice of suspicions, when he heard them on all sides." "I don't think Mr. Neill will blame you." Dr. Reade, who had stood by Robert's side, without speaking, thill this moment, said to the policeman, but in a tone that was meant for the bystanders also to hear, "I don't think he will blame anybody when he learns all the facts of the case. On the other hand, I feel sure that everybody will be glad to learn that, from infor- mation which came into my possession a few hours ago, I have reason to believe that the mystery, which has puzzled the town so long, will be soon cleated up, in a way that will entirely remove the suspicions against Mr. Neill." And then, turning to Robert, he said; in a lower tone, " Come with me, I have something to give you that you should have had six months ago." The. two men walked together from the plat- form, and as they did so the doctor noticed that the expression on the faces of the bystanders had changed from suspicion to friendly, if somewhat startled, interest. He knew then that the suspicions against Robert Neill had never been willingly entertained - that the character he had borne from boyhood had stood him in that much stead. It is doubtful whether Robert himself saw the looks directed toward him as he passed to the buggy. He made no remark thereupon, and his first question to the doctor, as they drove up the street, was - "How is Marjory?" and of her the two men talked till they reached the doctor's house, and entered the surgery, where the lamp had just been lighted. "See how Marjory is before you tell me any- thing - I can wait till then," Robert Neill had said, and the doctor went and returned before mention was made of the sealed packet. Even then, the doctor did not at once speak of it. What he did say, was - " I am very glad you came back; but how did you manage it? The Orient started at the ad- vertised time I saw by the papers, and your name was given as amongst the passengers." "Yes, I went as far as Adelaide; I left her there and took the first steamer back. I heard something after we left Melbourne, which led me to do that. I had noticed suspicious looks before, but I heard one of the passengers say to another something of the Millwood Mystery, and then mentioned my name in connection with the words, 'looks like a fugitive - shouldn't wonder if a warrant was out for him.' I went to the captain then, and found that some of the passengers suspected me of being concerned in what he called the 'Mill- wood poisoning case,' and I at once made arrange- ments to leave the steamer," Robert said, quietly. To which the doctor said- "You did quite right. I'm glad you came back." "Then you knew of these suspicions?" "Yes, I knew of them." "Why did you let me go, then ; why did you not tell me ?" Robert asked, in a tone of surprise. "I thought it better that you should go away, on Marjory's account. The suspicions before you went.were of the vaguest possible character. I acted as I thought was for the best in letting you go without speaking of them - and, as it has turned out, I think it was for the best," the doctor replied. "I wonder how people came to suspect me - of such a crime. In a certain sense I am to blame, I know. At least, I have blamed myself as the cause of Barbara's death. And, in that sense, I thought you blamed me, too - as I feel sure Mar- jory did. I could see it in her eyes the day of the inquest; but that is something very different from deliberately - I cannot say the word. It's horrible to think of!" Robert Neill said, his voice becoming excited, and his pale face flushing as he went on. "Will you tell me exactly how far, and in what way you blame yourself as the cause of your cou- sin's death?" "I thought you knew; as you knew that I loved Marjory - I would have told you a fortnight ago if you hadn't stopped me." "Yes, I remember. But tell me now; I have a reason for asking, which I did not know of then." "I have very little to tell, The first wrong step began with my engagement to Barbara. I knew, or I fancied, that she loved me, and until I saw Marjory I thought, I loved her. Then I found out what a mistake I had made. Yet, I meant - I declarë, as before God, I meant to carry out my promise. I tried hard not to think of Marjory, and I made no attempt to win her love. But, one evening we were alone together at Bri- ardale, and I forgot everything except that I loved her - I forgot it so far as to speak of it. I suppose I was mad; but I wanted to find out whether she loved me in return, and I succeeded only in winning her contempt. She left the room and I never after had an opportunity to speak to her alone, even to ask her forgiveness." "You still intended to carry out your engage- ment?" "Yes, I fully intended to do that. I thought once or twice of speaking to Barbara about it - to tell her frankly and fully how it had all come about, and ask her to release me. It was for her sake I at last decided otherwise, and then I fully resolved to fulfil my promise and to do my utmost to make her happy. The night I made that reso- lution was the night of her death - perhaps at the very moment she took the - poison, for I made it riding home. I had thought of telling her that evening - and thinking of it I did not notice her manner as I might have otherwise done. I have thought since that if I had, what happened after might have been prevented. I do not know how she made the discovery which led her to do what she did, but I have thought that she must have seen something in my manner. Yet, it was not greatly changed, for we had never been de- monstrative in expressing affection to each other. She was always reserved, and at times quite cold. Still she must have detected a change, for I know of no other way in which the discovery could have been made." "There was another way," the dootor said, "I learned it only to-day." And then he told hiin, briefly, all that had passed between himself and Mrs. Morrison, that afternoon. Robert Neill held the sealed packet in his hand a few moments, looking at his name on the out- side, written in the firm hand he used to know as Barbara Graham's. He opened it then, with unsteady fingers, feel- ing that, whatever the revelation it contained, it came to him as a message from the dead. 