Cate J pîmcî) Contains Traffc, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1887. -2, The entertainment given to Sir Henry Parkes at Melbourne last night is interesting as an illustration of the changes which the " whirligig of time and in a very short time too-may produce in the position and prospects of public men. A very few years have passed since Sir Henry was the best abused man in New South Wales. The had headed a futile opposition to a movement which had won popularity throughout the country. He suffered the natural consequences. But now he goes into a new Parliament as the head of a Ministry, with a nearly three-fourths majority at his back, to endeavour to be in order, not only the finances of the country, but also the institutions of government. Only a few years ago he was keenly criticised in Victoria for his alleged inconsistency in opposing the Federal Council scheme, which was founded (so it was said upon a scheme propounded by himself. Now he is being conferred with and feted in Melbourne as " a distinguished public man, visiting them, from the neighbouring colony, and with a special desire to promote a federation of the Australian States." Sir Henry Parkes, however, shows no inconsistency in coming forward now and speaking in general terms of the advantages of union. His opposition to the Federal Council scheme was, like ours, an opposition to proposals defective in symmetry and grasp, inadequate to the purpose of initiating federation, and tending rather to hinder than promote that object. In referring to his speech of twenty years ago, he showed his right to claim credit as not one of the latest converts to the cause of united action. But it is one thing to keep the possibilities of united action, and even of federal union, distinctly in view, and it is another to be a party to premature and ill-judged proceedings in the name of union that would carry with them the seeds of disunion and alienated feeling. The rapid growth of those colonies, their assumption of national attributes, their developement of a healthy spirit of independence, and the prospect of the not distant time when their collective population will be equal to giving them the character, the standing, and the powers of a great nation, and would command for them, if united the respect of ; every country, are considerations that should " never be lost sight of when the question of Australian federa- tion is discussed. But the higher the estimate of their importance, the greater will be the care and caution of those who propose to lay the foundations upon which union may be built. The error of the last movement was apparent in one phrase used by its promoters : " It was only a foundation " that was being laid. in a paper contributed by Sir Hknjiy Parkes to a London review some years ago, the fusion of the chief colonies into one was advocated as preferable to the federal union of separate states. And when he talked last, night of New South Wales and Victoria containing nearly two-thirds of the population of the whole group, and when he asked why they should not be included within one boundary, instead of being divided by the Murray waters, his ideas were apparently running in the same groove. But he was right in expressing the fear that we were not going to do that yet. There is Mario preparatory work to be done before either colony would be ready for such a conclusion, or for anything like it. The very movement at the head of which Sir Henry Parkes now i stands, is opposed to it. He comes to the front with the avowed purpose of re-establishing in New South Wales its traditional policy of free trade on a broader and firmer basis than ever before. Are Mr. Gillies and his friends prepared to reverse the fiscal policy of Victoria ? Tin's question was deliberately set aside by the members of the Sydney Convention. They knew that their purpose would he defeated by raising it. They might also have known that the attempt to shelve it would destroy their chances of success. It is interesting to observe the tone in which our neighbours, taking advantage of our Premier's visit, have raised the question of the differential railway rates. Their candour is refreshing. They acknowledge that they have not only been signed against, but have been hinders themselves. On the whole, the cry " precarious " is about the best they could raise if they wish to establish better relations with us, or to give a push forward to the cause of federation. It is actually confessed that some time ago specially heavy charges were paid to a steamship company bringing mails to Australia to prevent the mail veteran. ,», ' - j i >ri'"i[i -- in steamers going on from Melbourne to Sydney. The Confession might have been fuller and more detailed. It is no easy thing now to talk of the advantages of united action. Our neighbours may be reminded that the responsibility for disunion, merging into antagonism, has rested with them for many years past. They were responsible, not only for destroying the prospects of a united mail service by the proceeding already referred to, It was they who at first denied the right to collect Customs' duties on dutiable articles imported into our territory across the southern border. It was they who, after an agreement had been made for compounding the border duties, suddenly broke it up of their own motion. It is they who resort to the Vexatious practice of opening and searching passengers' luggage-the luggage even of representative men who visit their colony, and might be presumed to be free from smuggling propensities. "We do not reciprocate these kind attentions. It was they who imposed a tax on live stock crossing the border, for the purpose partly of establish- ing a set-off against claims we might make for duties on wines and spirits and such articles imported via Melbourne, though such duties had been first collected there. This step was taken partly as a measure of protection and partly as a means of driving a hard bargain in the event of renewed attempts being made to compound the border duties. It was they who initiated the System of differential railway rates for the purpose of enticing traffic to Melbourne which might otherwise be carried by our railways to Sydney. It is easy to say, a Let this silly war of rates cease," to declare that we have got beyond the days of scheming rivalry, and to appeal to a rising " Australian sentiment." All these things to which we have referred have been so many obstacles in the way of \- federation, and no one who has watched the course of events and the line of action which our neighbours have taken with such graceful persistence can well avoid meeting their enthusiastic overtures for federation with a " Time Dances." Before federation there should come confidence. Confidence will grow if we can work together on a basis of voluntary consent. Confidence is growing, as a matter of fact. We understand each other better now, in the matter of mail services for instance, than we did in the days of that silly attempt before referred to. But there would be still better grounds for confidence if our neighbours would show their Australian sentiment by repealing their duties on live stock and farm produce. Before the advent of the Jennings regime we had in the main a free-trade tariff, and even now their grain and chaff i may come in free. If they are not prepared to voluntarily extend similar privileges to us, they should not be disappointed at finding their professions examined with close scrutiny, if not with some degree of suspicion. A highly interesting communication on the subject of our snakes, from the pen of Mr. J. S. Bhay/, a local naturalist published in our columns a few days ago may serve to direct attention to afield of investigation which has been strangely neglected among us. It would be difficult to mention any subject of the kind which can be said to exercise a more potent fascination over certain minds. "What- ever variety of this wonderful creature may be discussed whether the most harmless for the most deadly, the tiny whip- snake or the gorgeous cobra-the magic force J of simultaneous attraction and repulsion , which he wields over the lord of creation is at all times irresistible. The bare mention of his name excites a degree of interest that has no parallel except in the world of superstition. Civilised men have learned to laugh at ghosts, but even the most sceptical of minds will confess the subtle influence exercised over it by a cleverly written ghost story ; while almost any idle talk about a midnight apparition will send a thrill of secret terror through ordinary nerves. The ghost himself, as a character in the drama of life, may be said to be utterly played out in the present day ; he has sunk to the level of a mere Guy Fawkes, a butt for the gibes and jokes of larrikins ; but he still remains the one connecting link between man and the mysteries of that super \- natural world which surrounds him like a mist, and still defies his utmost powers of penetration. Something akin to the feeling excited by an appeal to our love of superstition is the interest awakened in us by any discourse about the snake. The terror he excites among men is, for the most part, common to the animal creation, and springs from an instinctive knowledge of the deadly power of his fangs. The bravest horse will swerve and shiver with excitement when he becomes aware that a snake is lying in his path and perhaps, there are very few men, outside the circle of those who have made snakes their playthings for tho purpose of either show or science, who do not feel the same instinctive dread and loathing in its presence. "Whether the snakes of Australia are to be included in the imposing catalogue of those great natural resources on which our politicians love to dilate, particularly when discussing the deficit, may be a matter of doubt ; but it cannot be denied that this country is eminently rich in snakes, and that it possesses, a field for observation in that direction which any naturalist of the old world might envy. But what has been done by our own naturalists for the purpose of revealing our serpon , tine, treasures in their true native glory ? What have all our illuminate been about for the last century that we cannot even now point to a single work in popular form that can be said to do justice to the theme? Any work of the kind would sell readily, and yet so much for the enterprise of our men of science and their publishers-not a solitary effort has been made to gratify the public taste. Of u | truth, beet sugars in kerbs the snake lies ! hidden in the grass, and there he is likely i to lie for anything that Australians naturalists I seems disposed to do for him. They have, a it is true, bottled and catalogued a large number of specimens of him in their museums, but who can be expected to take any interest in bottled snakes ? It is simply reducing them to a dead level with bottled fruits and mixed pickles, which never yet appealed to the imagination of man, however much they may tempt his appetite in weaker moments. A few live specimens, too, may be seen in the Zoological Gardens, but they hardly appear to more advantage there than they do in the museums. They evidently resent their confinement in miserable cages, and show it in the look of undisguised contempt With which they regard the crowds of timid Visitors who persist in looking sticks at them. But is this all that can he done for our snakes ? If, indeed, we are to remain content with these dead and alive specimens of the most interesting branch of our natural history, then the present generation will go to its grave with hardly any better know i ledge than the casual information picked up ] by an ordinary bushman. I A glance at Mr. Bray's little paper on the subject will be enough to show how I wide and varied is the knowledge that lies I waiting on all sides for collection, and at the same time how practically valuable, as well as interesting it might be made. I He begins by telling us that in his experience of twenty years as a naturalist he has no recollection of a time when live snakes were more plentiful in Sydney than they have been during the past season. He does not refer to live snakes arrested as vagrants in the city although, by the way, it is worth remembering that a death-adder, twenty-three inches long, was killed in the Haymarket some days ago hut to the live specimens brought into town for the purpose of sale by bushmen. The specimens offered for sale could he counted by the dozen, while the skins could be bought by the score. The varieties captured were mostly the diamond and carpet, which luckily are not venomous. But how, asks our correspondent, is the increase in number to he accounted for Have they been hunted systematically', like the rabbits, or have they been accidentally dropped upon in the bush The first supposition suggests an idea that possibly some of the unemployed might have been turning their time and talents to advantage by hunting snakes ; but since that unemployed labour requires a Government guarantee of six shillings a-day before proceeding to work of any kind, that suggestion may be dismissed as unsatisfactory. If, on the other hand, the snakes have been caught by chance, then the fact points without doubt, as our correspondent says, to a great increase of snake life in the bush. Taking that view of the matter, what is the explanation? Are we to suppose that some secret mysterious agency has been at work in the snake-world during the past year, which has resulted in multiply- ing their numbers beyond all precedent ? Here is a question which might well employ the speculative genius of the naturalists. The fact is the more remarkable when taken in connection with the unusual rainfall in the colony during the summer. It can hardly be supposed that a rainy season would have the effect of stimulating the vitality of snakes, unless it can be shown that it has in some way interfered with their usual supplies of food, and so driven them out into the open in search of it. Mr. Bray seems to think that probably snakes have been more sought after than ever before " ; but if that is really the case, the fact could he easily ascertained by a little inquiry among the snake-hunters. There is nothing, however, to show that that is the case, and in the absence of any information it does not seem probable on the face of it. Questions of this nature are always presenting themselves for consideration in the natural history of every country, and the stimulus they afford to investigation serves to invest the proceedings of naturalists with perennial interest. Here, unfortunately, the stimulus does not seem to operate at all. We have no society specially devoted to the subject, and consequently we have no association of naturalists engaged in the collection and distribution of information. Although, as one correspondent truly says, " our Australian bushmen, as a rule, are generally well up in natural history matters in connection with the particular district in which they reside' no systematic attempt has yet been made to embody the results of their practical experience for the benefit of the public and the world of science. He, indeed, would he a poor bushman who could not entertain an audience round a camp fire with stories of wonderful interest connected with the animal life of his district. But we can hardly expect the bushman to set us the example in the publication of scientific knowledge, even in its most popular form. That is a work which properly falls to the share of professed men of science. The natural history of Australia yet remains to be explored, and there is certainly no subject of scientific investigation which could more worthily or profitably engage the attention of Australian savants. Unfortunately for its prospects in this part of the world, it does not seem to show any tangible indication of progress. It hardly falls within the scope of the two or three learned societies which exist among us. Nor can we point to any such distinguished naturalists now-a-days as those devoted in- quirers who in earlier times made it their life's labour to investigate the mysteries of Nature which they saw around them. Dr. George Bennett's " Gatherings of a Naturalist in Australia " forms almost the only popular work of the kind published in Sydney-Gerald Kreeft's being strictly scientific. This neglect of a field of study so abounding in interest to every Australian, and of such practical value to the country, can only be regarded as a proof that Science has hitherto found but few and languid votaries at her shrine. There will be a general feeling of relief that we have at length come to the end of the elections. Polling concludes to-day, and with it much anxiety and suspense throughout the country. To speak fully upon the result will he reserved for a later issue, but it is timely to recognise now the culmination of hostilities. The writs were issued on January 27th, and nominations took place on February 2nd, the day being marked also by the return of Sir Henry Parkes by acclamation. The elections have lasted for nearly four weeks. It may be greatly questioned whether anything is gained by extending the conflict over this space of time. i In Victoria the polling is all done in one day, and a it seems to work well there, but of course our son ditions are different. We have a larger territory by j far, and it takes some time for candidates to be , come acquainted with their constituents, yet I with increased railway facilities this difficulty is a becoming much diminished. We got general 1 elections so frequently, and there is so little time between the issue of the writs and the time of actual contest, that hitherto it has been thought well to scatter the elections over a considerable space of time ; but it would seem that under exist- ing circumstances two or three weeks at most would be quite enough. The elections involve a large expenditure of time and money, and during their progress business is more or less impeded. On this occasion they turned on two very important questions, and it was necessary, perhaps, that there should be no change from former procedure. Still, under ordinary conditions the people should he so educated on public issues that the cultivating of their intelligence would not be left to election time. The circumstances under which the present Ministry went to the country were very grave. and while relief will be experienced to-day, anxiety and expectancy will be abroad as to what the present Parliament will do to remove serious difficulties from the path of national prosperity. The sinking of the North Shore Ferry Company's steamship Waratah gives unpleasant illustration to our comments two months back on the risk attendant on the running of out- ferry steam ships from wharfs which require that they shall cross each other's course every seven minutes in the day. There had been slight accidents from collision at different times, and observant passengers had been struck with the possibility of a terrible calamity should crowded steamships come into contact. The sinking of the Waratah sup plies a more forcible illustration of the folly of continuing the arrangement which involves this risk, and it may be regarded us extremely fortunate that, serious as the accident is, it has been unaccompanied, so far as is known, with loss of life. On the previous trip the same steamship was crowded with seven hundred human beings. It is not pleasant to think of the possible consequences of a collision on that trip. They could hardly have been otherwise than fatal to hundreds. On whom rests the responsibility of the present state of things we are not aware. But it is very clear that it will now is the duty of the Government in the general interest to call upon the officer or body whose duty it is to inquire into the matter, | or to create some harbour trust whose duty it shall be to attend to it. No justification can be found i even for the accident which has occurred, after the warnings that have been given by the press. As we lately pointed out, the ferry traffic in other places, notably on the Mersey between Liverpool and Cheshire, is conducted from a landing-stage, at which the berths are arranged in their proper relation to the ferries to be served, leaving no possibility of collision. The Manly Beach and Watson's Bay boats should be compelled to leave from the eastern end of the Quay, the Mossman's Bay and Neutral Bay steamers from the centre, and the North Shore ferry-boats from the western side. In other words, the positions should be reversed. There would then be no necessity for the steam- ships to cross each other's course, and the risk of collision would be reduced to a minimum, That there have been so few accidents in the past due to the care of the captains of the boats. But no captain ought to be exposed to such serious risks. The almost instantaneous sinking of the Waratah indicates how comparatively trade these ferry steamers are, and suggests whether their lower compartments, not being required for cargo, could not easily be constructed with water-tight compartments that would give them additional buoyancy in case of collision. With regard to the suggested rule that no report should be allowed to be published in the newspapers of certain judicial proceedings, at any rate until the conclusion of them, it is interesting to recall the fact that Lord Tenter- den enforced this rule in one case-that of the Cato-street conspirators more than half a century ago. Speaking of his action in that case, Lord Camfuuli., in his " Lives of the Chief Justices " (vol. 4, p. 372), says : " Our Chief Justice, however, tarnished the fame which he might have carried off without a shade from his dignified, impartial, and firm demeanour during these trials, by imprudently making an order that there should be no publication of any part of the proceedings till they were all concluded, and by fining the proprietor of a newspaper £500 for publishing an account of the first trial before the second had begun. The Courts uphold the power to make the order and to enforce it by fine, but such a mode of proceeding has never since been attempted, the sound opinion being that the delay of publication is not desirable, even if it could practically be insured, and that the newspapers may be considered as indefinitely enlarging the dimensions of the court, so as to enable the whole nation to see and hear all that passes between the arraignment of the prisoner and his con- demnation, or acquittal." Another reason in favour of immediate publication is that the administration of justice is often greatly assisted by such publicity. Persons who have valuable evidence to give first loam from the newspapers, in not a few instances, that their evidence is required and witnesses already in attendance are aware that any untrue state, 'ment must pass the strict ordeal of a large reading public. In considering the advisability of adopting the rule proposed these are reasons which cannot be overlooked. Moreover, the report itself must, under existing law, be neither obscene nor blasphemous, or else, even though a fair and accurate report of the proceedings, it will itself- amount to an obscene or blasphemous libel. After Richard Carlile had been indicted for selling Paine's "Age of Reason," as a blasphemous libel, the whole of which he read over to the jury, his wife published a full, true, and accurate account of his trial, entitled, "The Mock Trial of Mr. Carlile," and in doing so republished the whole of tho " Age of Reason " as part of the proceedings at the trial and it was held that she had, in so doing, made herself liable for publishing the blasphemous libel, which was an unlawful act ; nor did any privilege attach to it as being a fair report of judicial proceedings. The question, therefore, is whether this law sufficiently protects society, or whether preventive measures are expedient to stop beforehand the publication of matter of an indecent nature. 