—A-M I D N IG-H T —W O O 'E R" .<?;•! • ijl > 'i •";<ro'.iM <iv:/. <i> rr cr /. v"v r/r r ~xr >r 7 r r~ Wb-had loBt oiir way. thai was certain: Nof, to have lost our way,in tlip, Jjustling, streets of a city, where the first poi son'we had met could have put ua i*> the right tract .again, would.have been a.thing of little con sequence, but to have lost our way 111 a mountainous Welsh district, wheie we might walk for miles without encountering aught human, was a very different affair. I was fortunate in my companion. He was one who feared nothing by daylight or dark, and our groping about was to him o.il/ a source of amusement. I, however, via a not quite so easy in my mind, and would willingly have AVB)l"d myself of the first shelter on the way, mid waited for the day light; but even here I w»- d feated, for shelter there was none. Our intention had been.to rpach Pont Neath YiiUi'han, u little village of half.dozen houses, situated ou the borders of Brecknockshire, and in t! e immediate vicinity, of some of the must beautiful scenery of South Wi'lrp, and we hod gained the beautiful Ynle ol Kiati. on a lovely moon light mgM-,but t ile mountains I hat surround : cd thf vale and the dusky foliHgu made our palhfoobi-eitro t'at it was impossibleio follow it, nml we were cntinually in doubt as to the turnings we should t-ike. In otie plare a little bridge rrrMid a brawling rivulet, over which we ou«lit to have passed, but immedi ately iulrcnt of it- a limekiln was throwing up a quantity of Muo, purple, andyellow /lames, making the scene around resemble th*? wolf's (t'en in-" Der FrieschutB," nnd we came up on this unearthly glare so .-uddenly that wc did not see the dark opening behind it, and in five minutes wero entirely lost,. We wandered for an hour or two in complete darkness, guided only by the noise of the streamlet rushing over the masses of rock that formed its rugged hrd, till at length we enmo to a house ofgwid size, and shouted lustily forBome information as to the way to the villige. I rattled at the garden gato, and immediately the loud barling oftwo ot three dogs seemed to arouse the slumbering inmates, for in n sbqrt time a liiaricampldown to 'the gate, not so thoroughly dressed as aD' Oreiy would have conridered essential. Dc im agined us to bo no better_ than _we, ought, to be,as, he leaned Iprward.ta look.at; us, i' heard a mo"' unpleasant click," and. by, the light of the moon, which now rose'above the distant bills, 1 perceived a huge horse-pistol. Again wo were ip ar difficulty...for be.couldnotsf-eak a word of English, and our Welsh vocabulary was. limited to a few conventional phrases. We, however, contrived,to make him under stand that we had lost our way, whereupon our worthy friend hastened into the ho i'", called, aud was answered in a pleasant female voice, shortly afterwards a beautiful girl of some twos or three" ^nd tummeralmade,.ber appearance, jwith iajight; in liVr band,<and a conference in Welsh took plaeo beujreen the father: and daughter, for such appeared-to be: their relationship. The end of tbip was that tho ypunelidy, in cood Englii! r ii.vited us to stay till daylicht, and informed us.tfc^' we, were several miles from our destination^ Tbo owner of the house seemed to bo a respectable farmer—a plain, homely kind of man. whp evidently was quite willing that we should m ike ourselves quite at home. His daughter, was somewhat superior.to her diss. l'riscill i Owen welcomed us into the house iu them<)3t graial manuer, and beiran to mo'ce up the fire, wliirh had almost died out. Tcrowini^ on several huge logs of dry wood, a cheerful blaze was soon ■ ascending" tlio oaveru- chiinney. Spreading a. table cloth that, viedjin whiteness with the winter snow, sh" set. before us tho remains of a hum, some bread and cheese, and some old Welsh'ale. More than onco before we had been hospitably entrrtuiiiid at the lonely farm-house in wild muuntai'ious districts, und'had with difficulty persuaded our en'ertamers to accept remun eraJAyn. But.ri;aXy.tbe.fair. duughtcr of our lio.-t tccmed-jns •deeirpus of ph-a^ing ub as t boughsb'e had been t he landlady of a way-; side inn. After slipper we narrated our used. up experiences, which, for her fatheis' edifica tion, she translated. Her mother. also, a slraight-bacfccd, ' brighl-eytd, grey-haired old lady, such as ono rarely jres, except at a country fireside, jciued us. sp -k ing English quite as well ae her daugiirr. Having once been in London,^nhe was eager to hear anything respecting ihufc wonder' ul city. So the .time pasied'icliocrfplly enough for an hour or two, and nobody seemed to think of sleep. Tlio moon becnm^avercJEt, nnd iliidden by dark clouds. and tlie ivind increased to a per fect hnirican. It m< lale in tho autumn, and the vrea'her hud hitherto beon particularly fine, but nnw it seemed as if tho Bpirit-df' winter lia-i Htrode suddenly upon the smiling landscape. The rain fell in torrent", and was healing against the diaroond-pancd casement with fearful violence. We could hear the babbling,rivulet we had lately left gradually changing its tone, swollen by the floods that .poured into.it from the mountain ridges, till: it roared likea cataract. The tall trees it the VBlley, as they wore swayed to and fro by tho violence of the wind, seemed to groan boueath the resistless hand of soino invincible demon of the Btorm. The wind howled down the chimney, and battled with the cheeful bhize for.the mster." So violent and so Budden the approach of tbersjorm thatrn spnl.jment of awe seemed to take possesson of the party, . BOditbe conversation dropped. ' My friend L. was the first to breab the silence. In one of the lulls of/ the'tempest'^.be remarked to me," Do yoti'not think'at this moment of the invisible world ?" He devined my thoughts: for the influence •of the-roaring torrent' witbOuff the'"creating branches, the pattering rain, the woird voice of the wind, whistling jts fantasias inharraon-. iously in tho chimney^acted powerfully upon my imagination, and conjured up phantoms . of the past and wild dreams of the futnrn that would have vanished instantly on a.CaInj and peaceful evening. : i. < it I had sunk so deeply into a reverie that I did not for a moment onswer the remark, but involuutarily, as though the fpectres . my imaginntinn had conjured up now stood palpably before me, I gazed vacantly round the large and dimly-lighted room. My ex ample evidently moved Priscilla to make a similar exaniinaiion. Sbo sow that I noticod hor,and entiled faintly, but immediately be came very pate, and sat for some timo looking thoughtfully into the fire. I nm no believer in superna'ural appear? ance." faid' my companion,'• but really tbere ate-tnore things in Heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." ~ "Travelling onco in France I put up at a little wayridc hotel, asking first if I could be accomodated for the night. Mine host assu ed me, with a great deal of French politeneSB, that ti e house would be honored. with Monsieur's presence—all of which Monsieur perfectly understood wonld bo charged for in the bill nextday. However Monsieur,doubt ing Jf ho might not go farther and fare worse, wisely resolved on staying where he wbb. Time passed till it was much too late to try. another house, when the maitro d'hotol came to mo with the most.comical mixture of cun ning and apologelio assurance that I had ever teen, even on the.countenance of a French hutt'i keeper." " Tbere was one 1 ittle circumstance he regretted nottohave informed Monsieur," he said. .; "What was,that?"-Iaaked. "Well, : to be sure it was nothing very serious, and Monsieur being a brave English man, would think nothing of it j but the only chamber he could spare was one in tho rear of the premises, and separated from the main build:n2.». .Monsieur would, however,find it a luagniticent apartment, and as to any slight noises Monsieur miglit bqapsin ebe,-night .he, need not be alarmed thereat. All this was said in a depectory tone. I laughed at the man's artfulness in witbolfling, this information till it wjls too late to try an- | other bouse, and assured him that to spend the night in a)bauni:cd< room.was j:ai,her an agreeable excitement than otherwise,and begg ed him to send me instantly some supper and b bottle of his best wine»"'J >' •'i , ■'.Diable ! they, are, 9 strange tpce,.these, English," I beard bimni utto'r to another guest -as lie descended.the ataira-to^icc-orders for, -iny-repast.! t ! J:.'*. J- -J \ I retired (o rest' but in case the pretended. 'ghost; might) turn out to be a robber, I took, tho precaution lo lo*d my pistole and placei them on Ihe pillow. Had no fear—none in.the j least butthemero fact of expeoting tomtthing, kept me awake. For two or three hours all.was silent.as death, and I was jurt beginning acomfnrtabl* dozi", when tramp 1 tramp! caine a footrtep upon the staircase leading to my bedroom.: These steps were so regular that they seemed to be more the action.of a machine than any thing human. They came nearer and nearer, I I sat up in bed and grasped one of my pistols. | when the door was burst open with a terrific | crash, " At this point of the ntrratire my friend stopped abruptly, for along,melancholy bowl! from the bogs was heard abore the noiso of J the tempest, and the latch of the outer door; was hastily opened, and a tall, finely-formed; young man in a foreign garb stood there. Before anyone else bad time to discover the i features of the stranger, Priseilla rushed to wards bira with an exclamation of glad j surpriio.and then a strangerevul'ion of,feel-: ing seized her. We were all chilled: and, astonished, for the manner of the man was. tery strango and unusal. Ho answered not Priseilla,. but fixed liisl glanceB first on one, then-on- another-of the party, at the same time beckoning and point inj»-townrd» the door with frantio gesture., At length he seized me by the shoulder, as though he wouM havodragged me oiit of the room. I recoiled from hiin, for bis whole Expression was savage and almost, unearthly, For a second ha stood in n fixed attitude,; then turning suddenly dashed' out of the| room, while terrified Pritcilla fainted; and Farmer Owen, seixing.his gun from a corner of the room, (farted dewn tho lane at a rapid pace in the only direction hia strange visitor! could hare taken. ! Leaving the affrighted girl with her moth er,; L. and I took a latern, and, guided somr-. what by it< feeble light,followed the farmer-; "Wo. made our way through the storm, but did not come ujp with jii'm,:/oR knpwing tbej path so well hecould easily outstep us; and j wet, cold, weary and disappointed we return, ed-we returned to the cottige. The storm had somewhat abated. It was now midnight , and we were near tbo bowe, when L.\ exclaimed— "Did you hear that?" j iITI listened for some time, but could hear! nothing. ; ' ,v ■ i •'There—there—again.. ■ You must'certain ly hear it now,'' he said, for his hunting ex-; periei r,» huii rt-nderi'd him quicker ■ Iw-nr-' iiu- ll an mr. ; - . s • ThiiOtitnu isfincifcl-J heard>aJong wild cryj fjjr h-lp at Borne eOi.ai Icrablr distance | *'L< tniis go/u^ onre>' said L. : '■'Forgetting tile state nf the road and thei •laj-cness of t-'-e hour, in the excitement nf the; moment we made for the direction of the; found.'.'.- By-and-bye wo came to •(turn in the road, and a.f,ra<l, moan was, .heard,close at hand. A moment afierwartiB, arid the cries! for help wcte explained. Ayoung man lay on the roadside apparently! injured, uud .bisid" him stood our Irjend the farmer and the'stranger who had abruptly! enrered the farm-house. We B'sisted to Carry the young man to thei farm, but before we arrived he begged us to; put him downi In'tbo confusion,of the storm,; and the darkness of the night, ho bad mistaken! his footing;at, a;place were the stream was crossed by a rude stone bridge, and had fail-ni down a steep ravipe. He, however,.assured! us; that lie was not much injured by the fall, j As he spoke,the farmer, taking the. lantern,1 held it close to the young: man's face, andj said some words in Welch lo the 8trauger,i who replied iu the same language. • I could not fail to remark the extraordinary, likeursB between ti.e injured man and our' silent visitor; but when we went into ihei house, tho latter young man darted forward I to Priseilla, who exclaimed, " Are you Philip,! or a spirit?" He endeavoured to calm her agitation, andi Priseilla, when she was somewhat re-assured j asked bow bo csmc in before, making such, strange gestures, and leaving without saying a word. * •' Why, bless the girl, that was not I, " Philip replies, " that was my brother Artjjur..' if verj body says [be .resembles me, aii<j I think be must indeed^ wheu even you'ca'nnot tell the ditftrence." " But why did he not sqeak, and tell us what w»B_lho matter—(thilip had told her briefly how the ardent jiappp'ped, andj b|kd assures" lifer many times overthat be was not hurt) —an-.i why has he not come back with .-JroU?' V. Q T'lTVl ; /\ -7V-"51 •'! ' We lookedT-ciuud "the room, and peroeived for the first time that our strange visitor wasimissipg. j/" It is hsel<issi , calliug IIafter bim," said Phillip; "helidges at LlandafT, and no doubt he has gone back . there • 'XJnfcwt unately be bad: a > suo-stroke iiat Bombay,;and.never q\»ile , recovered- from it, and the least excitement paralyses bis entire faculties." '• But why have I notlieardiromyou,dear Philip . 1 thought itwas-your-ghost coming into,the,room.". ' ' ••Because I wished not to put my foot on English ground till I could ask.Fwimer O^ren,s daughter \jto be my wife Without giring up the^comlorts or enjoyments of her old .home. ...When I, a penniless, man asked jour father,8 consent, though he made no unreasonable objections, I was not satisfied; so I said to myself—we are both young; perbaps.-tfie old•geuUemansis right.i .T-'wilT work,, and. wait .a little'-longer; and'lieft my sbip, went to Australia, and brought from it. fairly and honestly,'700 of its gold! and now I have taken Meredith,s farm, and only want one thing- to make mc happy—ita little mistress. „ ^he farmer.required a. translation, and Priseilla' had to render the proposal into i and that completed, with hearty? congratulations over the agreeable character and purpose.of our ghost, just as the little' Dutch cluck strupk two, the farmer, his wife, and daughter, left us, and heaping more logi; on the fire, .with a-truss or two of .straw■ upon the,floor, and the help of coats and: blankets, <wc, the three visitors, were -soon ■ound asleep. You ,would not find Priseilla Owen at her father s farm now. She became the- happy mistress of Meredith'./«rm. .nd-th. «( Dur ghost's brother, uuder whose msnagement: the land flourishes,by help,.''too; 'ofM-be Australian gold. 