THE ROSSETT GHOST. (daily telegraph.) An unusally significant illustration, not only of tbe idiotic folly bnt of the positive peril of practical joldng, has been afforded by an incident reported from the hamlet of Rossett, near Chester. For some time past the wiidest terror use reignea among ice women and children — and possibly 1 aa)Ot>5 a w>«4<i>«»bi. — .-tji.w. — £ J1U« male adults — of Rossett and toe neigh bouring villages, owing to its being noised abroad that a ghost was ' on the rampage.' The apparition was clad, it was said, in white, and was in the habit of roaming ' promiscuously ' about the neighbourhood between the witching hour of night and dawn. One night a local bicyclist was returning home when the white-robed apparition suddenly started up before him. With out a moment's hesitation the bicyclist drew a revolver and fired at the pre sumed ghost. The ball cartridge, how ever, failed to bring down toe spectre — a fact which rather favoured toe theory that the appearance was really a supernatural one : for, as every bullet has its billet, it might bs argued tbat the charge from the revolver went right through tbe ghost, to find a goal in luc ucureuL bxee or neage. However, the bicyclist, who ought to have been thoroughly ashamed of himself, went home and told the tale of his reckless stupidity. Next night the ghost was again at large, aud with slow and measured tread approached a pedestarin who was wending his way back to Rossett. Fortunately for toe interests of common sense, the traveller had his dog with him, aud toe intelligent animal, not beiug a member of the Psychical Society, and not being en- dowedeither with the darkened intellect of a superstitious conntiy bumpkin or the timorous ferocity of a local bicyclist, at once arrived at toe conclnsion that toe ostensible ghost was a rank impostor who would at once be unmasked. So toe dog ' went for' the ghost, and pinned htm so that he yelled Tnstiiy with pain. When the apparition was -released from his uncomfortable predicament he was found to be -one of the villagers with the reputation of riot being very fond of hard work, who had tricked himself out in "white garments, for what earthly purpose, save the mischievous one of frightening silly and timid peo ple, it is difficult to conceive. 