TUB MAIDEN OF WINDORF. A STORY OF VIENNA AND THE WIENERWALD, Of the time of the Emperor Joseph II. BY SYLVANUS COBB, JR. CHAPTER XI.- (Co-NT!. ) "Ohol" he oried, chaerily. "You were looking for old Max. He brought you up from the postern. But he, my lady, cannot come. He has been sent to armv headauar- tera on important business. I have come in his place ; and if you will follow me, you shall quickly find your carriage." "Lead on, good sir." Having thus spoken to the usher, she turned to thank the officer for his kindness, and , found his plaoe vaoact. He had suddenly DUOU BffllJ OUCCIji Uc UligUt liceVo WdiveU to see her depart. But she did not allow the circumstance to fret her, though it was cer< tainly an act of open disrespect, and one that would have been summarily punished had it come to the knowledge of the man's supe riors. "We did not come by this way," said Jean nette, as they were making their second turn after leaving the reoeption-room. "This passage is strange," " So it is, indeed. Look ye, Sir Usher. Whither are ye conducting me ?" " Noble lady, did I not tell you that your bandage had been brought around to a more convenient point ? Ah 1 perhaps not. I must have forgotten. But so it is. Had your oar riage remained where it waB, probably Max would not have been sent away. Tour people, however, obtained a more favorable posi- Hon. It is but a short distanoe. Let us move on." v After that, through a narrow, winding pas sage, opening into a Bpacions, well- lighted hall, at the head of a broad flight Of marble steps ; down these steps to a corresponding haU below, where the din and uproar of a great commotion assailed the ear. Across thie second hall to another and a broader flight of steps, as they descended which the nproar became almost deafening. At the foot of these last Bteps Theresa found herself at the entrance to a broad vestibule, the outer doors of which opened upon the Btreet ; and on looking out, she saw the sonrce of the marvellous din. As far as her eyes oould reach the way was paoked with vebioles of various lands, from the great lumbering coach of the style of Louis XIV. of France down to the simple drag of the Hungarian gentleman without family. Some of the larger coaches had six horses attached ; many had four ; while thoBe with only two, or even one, seemed number less. What did it mean ! Why was suoh a press at that particular time ? Theresa asked the question. " The council of war has just arisen," ex plained her guide. " Every man who has a near relative in Moravia has been present. . The exoitement, as you can see for yourself, «s intense. 1 never saw anything like it.— Ah I here we are 1 Bertram 1" to a man who stood near, " will you clear the way to the oarriage of the Marchioness Windorf ?" f Certainly. Follow me. This way. Here it is— close at hand." It seemed to the bewildered girl that at least a score of strong men were engaged in the work of guiding and guarding her. They surrounded her on every side — Burrounded her closely— effectually protecting her from the mob that crowded and howled about her. "This way, lady 1" said the usher, who kept his plaop at her side. " Make way I Make way for the Marchio ness of Windorf !" Bhouted the man oalled Bertram; who went in advance. "Back! baokl Don't tread upon the lady !" vooiferated the full score of volunteers, crowding so olosely that the object of their earnest attentions could see nothing save the inner cirole of the sea of humanity that en vironed her. " Oho I Here we are 1 Now, lady I— step carefully 1" She was at the open doorway of a coach- she had no reason to think it was not her own — she thought of nothing save only how she should escape the terrible mob that now pressed upon her with real torture. So dense was the crowd that she could not see a thing beyond the steps and cushions of the coach directly before her, and they certainly looked like hers. " Here we are ! Thank fortune, dear lady, yon are safe I Have no fear of further trouble. Your doachman will quickly take you beyond the crowd." Then, as he saw the maid safely seated, he shut the door with a bang and moved back. Next, Theresa heard a voice call to the driver that all was right; then came a hnngled babel of voices as the crowd fell back out of the way of the restive horses ; then, Hie crack of a whip, and her coach started with a jerk that came near to throwing her from her seat. "What can Lubin be thinking of?" ex claimed Jeannette, indignantly. " I never knew him to use his whip in this manner before. Do you think he has been drink ing?" " 0 ! I hope not I" " But see how fast he drives." " Perhaps to get away from that terrible, pandemonium." "That is far behind us. The way is opeii here. We are passing the rear of the Imperial Palace." ' t- " O I" cried the marchioness, grasping h<f: companion's waist, " why did I not think of him? I ought to see him. I must claim protection in this emergency. I know Joseph will liBten to me ; I know he will grant my petition." " It is not too late, dear lady. The emperor is to be seen until late in the day ; and, if he is in his palace, I believe he would see you at any time. Shall I call to Captain Wirt to turn back, and lead the way to the entrance to the palace ?" Theresa hesitated but for a moment. When the thought came that her dear guardian might never return to her, she felt how neces sary it was that she should firBt have the emperor's ear. Joseph knew her well; he had held her on bis knee, and fondled and kissed her, in her childhood; and he bad been kind to her in the latir years. Yes; she would appeal to him at once. Not another hour should pass with the danger hanging over her. " Ye3, yes, Jeannette. Open the door, and oall to Wirt. Tell him— To the palaoe of the emperor 1" The maid took hold of the knob of the door-catch ; but it would not yield. That surprised her ; but a moment more she was astounded ; and a cry of terror burst from her lips. " Jeannette I What is it ? Can you not open it 7" " O ! dear lady ! Look I look 1 Is this onr coach ? - See that ! — and that I" She pointed to the knob, which was of gold, and of the form of a bar. The Windorf coach should have a knob of silver, of the form of a lion's head. They next discovered that the silken hang ings, though of a proper color, were of a darker shade than they should have been. Theresa saw, and then shouted with all her might : " Stop 1 stop 1 stop !" And she called the name of her faithful esquire. But no answer was returned. Then Bhe drew the curtains wholly aside and looked forth. They were at the city gate, passing through into the country beyond ; and the only man she could see waB a stranger. He was on horseback, and rode near the side of the coach. As the voice of her mistress failed, Jean nette took up the cry, exerting herself to the utmost, but to no effect. Then they struggled with the doors, but it availed them not. They were securely locked, and would not yield. . ' " Dear lady, what is it ? Has there been a mistake ? If this is not your coach, whose is it?" Theresa did not answer. She was tremb ling violently, feeling her worBt fear realized. In the embroidery of the curtain that hung against the forward part of the vehicle hei eye had deteoted a coronet. She was iv <ih; coach of the Duke of Friedland ! So far she had been entrapped into that bad nan's power ! " Dear lady 1—0 j what Is it ? Why do you groan ? Is it — is it — 0 1 it cannot be ins coach I" " Hush ! I fear me, Jeannette, my enemy has thus far triumphed. Wo are certainly in the coach of Conrad Arnsfeldt ! But" — she lifted herself proudly as she added — " it remains to be seen how far this triumph can go. " I saw Conrad Arnsfeldt leaving the office as we entered. At the time X did not think it was he, but I now know that it mast have been. Yes, he was leaving the minister as we entered. He knew that I was present in the the office, even if he had not previously known of my coming." Then Jeannette wondered how- poor Wirt would feel when he had discovered what had been done. " Will he, do you think," she added, with sudden energy, "go to the emperor ? O ! if he should do that I" Theresa started with a sudden thrill of hope. She had not thought of that possible event ; but she gave it thought now, Captain Wirt was known to the emperor; and he would be believed. But there was another side to the qaestion. Most likely the dake himself had seen th emperor, and told a story to suit his purpose. She dwelt upon it long and earnestly, but could find little ground for hope. Yet there was a Bingle gleam— one slight beam of light in the darkness, — and she took what com fort she could. Jeannette had tried the door on her side more than once ; and both the girls had called again and again ; but nothing had been gained. At length, when almost anhour had nassed. they felt that the ooach was turning an abrupt curve, and on looking out they saw the well-known snpports of the great arch at the entrance to the court of Friedland Palace ! Ere long thereafter the ooach stopped, and presently the door on Theresa's side was opened. She looked out, and looked into the wicked eyes of Conrad Arnsfeldt I CHAPTEB XII. the duke shows his hand. The first effect of those eyes upon Theresa Windorf was to make her weak and faint; but she quickly overcame the emotion, and nerved herself to meet her enemy with spirit and determination. Conrad Arnsfeldt, Duke of Friedland, was a man . Slightly above the ordinary height, slim ad spare, but muscular, with a stoop of the shoulders that would have required but a very Blight inorease to make a decided hump. However, by the exercise of caution and in genuity on the part of the tailor, he was enabled to pass before the world as a man of proper form and proportion. His face was unpleasant to look npon — an evil, treaoher- ous face, with eyes like the eyes of a snake- bright, quick, and keen, of a color that ohanged between green and blaok. Away from their onter corners shot a mass of fan like, diverging lines— deep, sharp wrinkles— whioh, with the aid of the overarohing, shaggy brows, gave to them the finishing touch of treacherons significance. His hair, of a dingy, Bandy hue, covered only a portion of his head, the whole upper part being en tirely bald. . But the man's garb was exquisite. A tunic of purple velvet, gaudily embroidered with gold, with as many flashing orders on his 1 eft breast as could find room there ; a vest of crimson silk, also richly embroidered ; his daintily ruffled shirt-front bearing a diamond as large as a filbert. His lower garments were in keeping, the buckles at his knees( ou the top of his shoes, being thickset with preoious stones. The duke bad determined upon the part he would play. As soon as a servant, not scan by the inmates of the ooaoh, had thrown open the door, he came forward with a smile on his face that involved every feature, even to the wrinkles about the eyes. The eyes them selves oould not smile. They took no part in the facial exhibition. " My sweet cousin ! This is joy indeed. I did not know as my people would find you. I trust you have enjoyed your ride." This he said before offering his hand ; and when the hand waB offered, the lady at first neglected to touch it. "My lord," she said calmly, and with dignity, "do you expect me to alight here?" " What a question ! Do I expect the sun to shine? Do I expeot tho bright rose to bloom ? For what have you come ?" "I have not come. I have been brought hither againBi my will. Tall me, Conrad Arnsfeldt, what is your purpose?" '« Come, come, Theresa ; do not sit there, a spectacle for the servants to gape at." - "It is not my wish so to do, as you know very well. My wish is, to to be taken to my home. This," she added, her indignation fairly aroused, " is a bold and outrageous—" She cot no further. The hand whioh sho had refused was at this point caught with a gripe that hurt her; and into those wicked eye3 came a dangerous look as he whis pered : Don't push me further 1 You should know me better 1 Will yon alight' and enter my dwelling, or shall I call a servant to assist you ?" In that moment the unfortunate girl knew how. powerless she was to resist, and without further remark or delay, she arose from her seat, and suffered the duke to hand her out ; and when he had offered her hi3 arm, she took it. She saw that her maid had been as sisted out, and that she would follow. Theu she was led up the marble steps, to the door of the handsome portico, and thence to one of the grand drawing-rooms. " There, sweet cousin ; go you in and make yourself at home. I will send Octavia to you, and be sure she will do all she oan for your comfort. Later, I will explain matters to your full understanding." _ Ho suffered the lady to pass on into the richly-furnisbcd apartment ; but the maid he stopped before her foot had touched the threshold. He took her by the arm, and looked down into her face with a glance that ! made her shiver. But she was a brave little thing, and did not quail ; for she did not think he meant to harm her. j "Look you, my pretty girl 1" he said, his eyes seeming to look through her. " I want you to answer me a qaestion : Is it your de- : sire to remain with your mistress?" " Yes, sir !" was her simple response. " Very well, you oan do so on one con dition, which is, that when you have learned mv will and purpose you do not seek to ;hwart me. I do not need to explain farther. You know very well what I mean. Now mark me," he added, holding her away at arm's leDglb, and bending upon her an intensified look, " ths first movement you make towards , helping any other person in opposition to me, i or to my purpose, will be the signal for your speedy departure. Be wise, and remain with ! the dear lady who, I fear, would sadly miss you." And with this he pushed her into the room ; then closed the door and de- ! parted. | The two girls stood for a little time looking Bteadily into each other's face. Their sur- I roundiogs were princely, far more rich and ' costly than anything to be found in the dear j old castle. There were pictures of rare beauty ; and excellence, in frames deep and massive ; there were statues and statuettes, and orna- j ments in almost endless variety. But they j saw notfciog of the richness but its glare at | that time. The maid was the first to break the silence. ' ! " Theresa I Dear lady ! I will be very care- ! fal ; but be sure I will help you in all you ! wish. We will not remain long here. What j will you do ?" J " I cannot tell, dear girl, until I know what is the duke's purpose. If he thinks to hold ! me here against my will he will find that he j has undertaken a difficult task. I oan find i some means of communioating with the em- ' peror." " Of course you can," pronounoed the maid, with the utmost confidence. " Do you write a letter, and I will contrive a way to get it to the emperor's hand." " I do not doubt you, Jeannette," the lady said, with a kindly Bmile. "Bat you must be very aareful. Ah 1 I should bs lonesome, indeed, without you." The warm-hearted girl threw her arms around the neck of her mistress, and kissed her, and then urged her to sit and rest. But Theresa's eye had become oharmed by one of the pictures— a suuny Italian scene, beautiful in color, and exquisitely traced and finished. She stood before it several minutes, and then went to another ; and to another. She wondered if the present duke had pur chased these rare works. She did not think it. Later, she was to learn that the preced ing lord of Friedland had selected most of the art works in that apartment. There was a marble Cupid, and two or three nude figures in bronze, which Conrad had added to the collection — correot and fitting indic93 to his character and tastes. But the thing in the grand apartment which ohiefiy attracted Theresa was a harp sichord, larger and handsomer than she had ever before seen. She had heard of a new instrument which Mozart had brought from Germany for the emperor, and she had no doubt that this was like it. It stood open, and she gazed upon its tempting bank of keys in wonder. There was five full octaves ; and she could see that the strings were much larger than were the strings of her own in- strument ; ana, moreover, many or cnem were double. Without thought — aoting upon the inspir ation of the moment — she sat down, and struck a few chords. There was a richness and a fullness in the tones that charmed her. She was playing a simple strain, when the opening of the door startled her from her oc cupation, and on looking up, she beheld the woman of whom, the duke had spoken — Octavia Weintz. She had seen her before,- and knew her by sight. t s Daar lady," the new-comer said, advanc olng a few paces and stopping, " do not le. m9 disturb you. You are the lirili thit I btv eard make musio on that grand thing Same of his lordship's visitors have doubt less played upon it ; but I have not heard them." " you do not disturb me, Octavia. I am in do mood for music." " Tho musio can wait," the woman nodded ; and then said, pleasantly : " I have come to see when you will have dinner. It is late ; but I think yon have not dined." "ixoes tne auKe expect teat l will eat dinner here?" Theresa asked, oalmly and steadily. She had determined not to make an enemy of this woman if she oould help it. " Certainly, he would not let you go with out your dinner." "You are the housekeeper?" "Yes, I am; and have been for many years." The marchioness trembled. The woman before her had seen three-score years, and might have been housekeeper in the time of the Lady Constance. Ah I she would be very careful how she treated her. A few moments of silence, during whioh our heroine's thoughts ran as we have in dicated, and Octavia said : "Will you leave the dinner to me ?" Yes, entirely." She did not think it policy to question the old servant at that time with regard to her master's intentions ; and, as she thought of nothing else, she suffered her to depart. Again left alone with her mistress, Jean nette began to examine the outlets from the apartment, and to study its approaches. The rear windows looked out upon a beautiful garden, and one conld easily reach the ground from their sills. She asked if it might not be possible to escape from the garden. Theresa shook her head dubiously ; yet the earnestness of her companion called a smile to her lips. " No, dear girl. Look at the wall. Our way of escape lies not in that direction. Wait. Be sure, if an opportunity offers, I shall em brace it." Half an hour later Octavia re- appeared and pronounced dinner, at the same time indicat ing to the marchioness that she might follow her. " Your companion may eat with me, if she pl6SS69" \- " Let her cat with me," said Theresa, quickly. "We are companions _ in mis fortune, and may surely be companions at the table." The housekeeper made no objection, and it was so understood. The eating-room was not far away, and upon reaohing it the mar chioness found a board spread fit for tbe em- peror himself. She was not hungry, yet she knew that she would feel better to .sat, i md she allowed Octavia to help her as 3he pleased. A light sip of fine old wine gave her a grain of appetite, to which some of the mo3t delicately made soup she had ever tasted added. So, in th9 end, she made quite : a respectable meal, despite her disinclination to eat in the beginning. When she arose from the table, the day wa3 drawing towards its olose, and she asked the old housekeeper when ehe was to see the duke. The woman could only shake her head in ignorance. Hi3 lordship was in the palace, 3he said ; but she knew not where. ' The two captives returned to the drawing- coom, where they conversed for a time, and then fell into a fit of silent meditation. The mistress, sad and weary, sat npon a large, soft sofa, and thought of the loved ones far away. Daring the previous night she had slept, but her sleep had been lethargio,' partly the result of an opiate kindly administered by good old Agne3 Rolf — and not so restful aa it might otherwise have been. She had ;hought of the absent ones until she could ffiink no more. Her head had sunk down upon the sofa's arm, and by and by she fell asleep. The weary maiden slept for a time soundly, and anon she dreamed. She dreamed that she was again in the office of the Minister of War, in the city, and while she conversed with him he was ohanged into a monster terrible to look upon. Then the phantasy ohanged again. She was in the packed and crowded street, straggling to make her way out, whenBomething touched her that chilled her through and through. She turned, and beheld the same awful thing she had before seen, but it wore the face of Conrad Arnsfeldt: — whereupon she screamed and awoke. " Swest child ! you have been weary. Did my touch frighten you 7" It was the duke who spoke. He stood be side her, looking down into her face. She started quickly up and rubbed her eyes, and then looked around. The windows were dark, the curtains drawn, and lampB lighted. The day was gone, and evening had fallen. The duke touched a bell, in answer to whioh Octavia quickly appeared. Her master bade her to lead the lady to an apartment where she could find opportunity to lave her face in pure water. Theresa did not refuse. Hsr head aohed, and she felt that a bath would be most grate ful. So she followed the old housekeeper from the room, and when she had bathed she returned. It was not a meeting whioh she courted, but it was inevitable, end procrasti nation scuUl avail her nothing. She re turned to the drawing-loom, s.nd took her seat upon a chair wnich tho duLe placed for her ; and immediately fcherealter, at a sign from hc-r master, Octavia took Jc&nnette; by the hand and led her out from the room, care fully closing the door behind her. For a little time tho twain thus left to gether sat in silence. Theresa could not en dure the gaze of those baleful eyes ; so, while the man looked upon her, she bent her own gaze to the floor. At length he spoke. His voice was low and very smooth, but with not a particle of frankness — nothing in it that sounded truthful or assuring. The voice was, in short, a part of the man— deceitful and treacherous. " Theresa." he said, with nn nvriressinn whioh he evidently intended should be kind and affectionate, " you are aware that I am your nearest living relative. Your father and I were own cousins. Jn fact, we might al most have been said to be brothers. She knew how he lied when he said this, for she knew that her father had loathed and despised him. But she made no remark. "Hence," he continued, "in the event of the death of Baron Wagner, I become your only legal guardian. You understand that-?" " No. my lord, I cannot so understand it. Should my present guardian die before I reach my majority, or before I marry, I should look to the emperor to take his place. As the daughter of one of his ehief nobles, I am his ward." The duke smiled a grim, satanic smile, regarding the girl before him as Mephis- fcopheles, in the picture, regards his sure victim; " My dear ohild, as for the good-baron, your late guardian, he is dead beyond the power of leeehcraft to revive him. And as for the em peror, he has asked me to assume the office left vacant by Wagner's death." For a few t e ;onds our heroine was weak and faint from the effects of this startling an nouncement, but she quickly recovered her self, remembering her advantage. " My lord," she said, still quivering, but with a firm and 3teady eye, " you have as sumed too much. Baron Wagner, I firmly believe, is not dead." The man's sudden start, his gasp for breath, and the manner in which his next speeoh was intoned, convinced the lady that he had, at least, been honest in thinking there was a possibility of her old guardian's death. Ht j had heard the Btory as the Minister of War had heard it, and as tbe emperor, also, had heard it. He started and looked eagerly into her face. " Theresa, the Baron Wagner" is dead ! lie was slain in the Moravian mountain a week ago— he, and several of his chief officers." After a little time she told him, as she had told old Weinh&rdt;, the story as she had re ceiv6d it from the lips of Karl Swinzel. The duke listened patiently, asking several ques tions, and in the end he broke into a bitter, chuckling laugh. (( /Mtik I !>__ t T V _ «a \auuj now easily you deceive yourseir, young lady. You know little of the dispo sition and habits of thoss fierce mountain robbers. And one other thing ; from all you tell me I am convinced that your light dragoon never thought the missiDg generals aliveuntil you had betwitched him with you r sophistry. I tell you — these men are aead 1 I know tho obaracter of the brigands into whose hands they have fallen. They are not fond of prisoners. Further, their act was purely in revenge. If they seek heavy ran- 20II1, they can obtaia it a3 easily by repre senting the dead alive as by holding them in captivity." At this point ha turned away and paoed jeveral tioie3 to and fro aoross the room. When he came back his countenance had settled to a stern, uncompromising expres- fion ; his thiu lips were compressed, his hands elenc'ned, his green eye3 gleaming with a baleful light : and whan he spoke his voice was crisp, sharp and incisive. " Theresa I thi3 thing you mu3t kno ,v ; I am your guardian henoeforth. I know that the thought of appealing to the emperor lute occurred to you ; but you msy give it up, now and forever. He has placed you in my care. It was his express desire that I should assume the responsibilities of tho position. If you would know how far the arrangements have been carried, I will tell you this : Of my own accord, without the thing's being hinted at by anybody, I have given heavy bonds for the faithful administration of your business affairs ; for a vast property comes under my control with you. I think you comprehend so far ?" Tli3 stricken orphan oould not speak. She was trying to think— trying to work her way through the dark maze. " One thing further I will say," the duke continued, after a silence of several seconds: " Yon, of course, understand the nature and powers of the office I have consented to take upon myself. You cannot be ignorant of the fact that all the authority of a parent — of a father— together with powers to enforce it— reBts with ms. That being understood, w< shall, I trust, commence our new life to gather without discord or trouble of any kind. Have you any answer to give ms?" She looked up, wan and weary. Her hands were pressed over her heart, and her breath was labored. " My lord," she said, in a voice scarcely raised above a whisper, " I know not what to say. I do not quite realize it. If you j would ask, will I submit to your autho rity ? I tell you plainly, not willingly. Ask j me no more at present, I am faint, and sick at heart. I have suffered much, and | this oomes hard upon me. Leave me, sir, I I pray." I " I have said all I had to 6ay, my sweet ! cousin, and will now cheerfully leave you to your rest. But for your own sake— net for j mine — I ask you to be wise. I will make you ! happy if you will let me. That I promise j yon. Good night, good night, my child, and pleasant dreams." A little later the stricken girl was resting upon the bosom of her faithful maid, weep ing bitterly. And tho weeping gave her relief. CHAPTER XIII. a thunderbolt. Theresa had ceased weeping, and had gone to the pianoforte — for such, in truth, the in strument was — when Octavia made her ap pearance, with the announcement that she 'would conduct the lady to her chamber whenever she was ready to go. " Thinking it would be your desire," she added, " I have had a bed for your maid put up in the same room." The marchioness thanked her for her thoughtful kindness, at the same time assur ing her that she had done right. She then arose and followed the housekeeper out into the great hall, thence up a broad and mag- ! nifioent stairway to a corresponding hall j above. Beyond this their course lay through 1 a broad, winding passage, in th8 walla of which were alcoves and niches, ornamented with statues, chaste and beautiful, of marble, of alabaster, and of porphyry, some of them holding lighted lamps in ther outstretched hands. The effeot was pleasing, even to the senses of the captive maiden. A dear lover of all that waB beautiful in nature or in art, sho oould not shut her heart to auoh beauty a3 this. _ | The passage terminated in a spacious cir cular ball, with a vaulted dome above, which, as Theresa cast a glance upward, appeared to be principally of stained glass. Here were several doors, one of whioh — the central one ; — the guide opened, leading the way into a small reception-room, very neatly and pret- f tily furnished. This Ootavia crossed, throw- ; ing open & door beyond, thua giving entrance . into an apartment so beautiful in its appoint- j ments and ornamentation that the mar- i chionesB could not repress the note of admi- , ration that sprang to her lips. Upon a mas- ! sive bureau of ebony, inlaid with gold, and , Bilver, and mother-of-pearl, stood a large ; lamp in a globe of stained glass, the light of which threw a surpassing radianoe npon the . soene. I On one side was a deep, broad arch, at the i entrance of whioh the exquisite drapery was < looped back, revealing beyond a large and . richly habited bed. At tbe foot of it, where i was plenty of room, a Bmaller bed had been J made up, pretty enough and inviting enough j to satisfy the most fastidious. " Dear lady, "'said Octavfii, when opportu nity had been given for looking around, " his lordship, you see, desires to make yon com fortable. Not to many would he have given these apartments." Theresa started, and a strange tremor shook her frame. The woman's look and tone plainly told that there was, to her at least, something sacred in tbe atmosphere of that handsome room. There was upon the aged face an expression of awe, of reverence — almost of worship — as her eyes rested upon the eloquent surroundings. The lady did not speak, but waited, feeling confident that more was to come. And she was not dis appointed. " Ah ! dark was the night and dark th6 day when she, for whom this chamber waB fur nished, fled from it." "You speak of the Lady Constance?" said the marchioness, in a low, sympathetic tone. " Yes. Ah 1 you never knew her. She was very beautiful." " And very unfortunate," Theresa added. " Yes. She was most wickedly traduced." Theresa moved forward and laid a hand upon the housekeeper's arm. " Octavia, do you know who was the ehief of her traducers?" 11 What do you mean ?" the woman oried, with a frightened look, and with a quiver that shook her from head to foot. " You know very well what I mean. I aEk you, — Could you lay your finger upon the ) rson who ruined her young life and drove forth from her home, to die among st-ran- !, re?" i A low, wailing cry broke from the old housekeeper's lips as she started back, ; away from the girl's band, as though it burnt 1 her. 1 " 0 ! no ! no 1 no I If you care to live— if you care to see the bright sunshine of another | day— beware I Never whisper again of that 1 I know nothing. We none of us know." The ! frightened look had become quite a terror, and ' she shook like an aspen. j " Dear woman— good Ootavia," whispered I the marchioness, with a kindly, assuring ' look, "what can you or I have to fear? Who i3 to know of what we speak ? Con rad Arnsfelt has hunted one poor woman tn Ilia rloafli trnn lialn Vttm 1?1I another ? ' " Have mercy 1 0 1 have mercy I" groaned the suffering matron, putting out her hands as though she would keep her tormentor at a distance. " You know not what you say. These very walls have ears. I tell you— once a poor servant dared to whisper what you would whisper, and— 0 1 ask no more 1" "But that servant, Octavia? Whatbeo&mo; of her?" "It was a man-servant." " Well — what became of him?" "He— died Died in a night— stricken down by a blow from an unseen hand !" " Dear Octavia, you have told me more than you thought to tell. You tell me that Conrad Arnsfeldt, beoause a servant had—" "No 1 no 1 not 1 never mentioned his name." " Then let me speak it. The man who now seeks to gain me into his fiendish power is the man who killed poor Lady Constance 1 Aye, you know it. And I tell you, Octavia Weint-z,' if you give help to that man against me the spirit of Lady Constance shall uprise before you and call you to account. I know it. I dare to swear it 1" The woman gazed npon the speaker in Bpeechless wonder and amaze. Her knees shook beneath her and her teeth chattered. Once she cast a frightened glance aronnd the room, as though expecting the ghost of the dead duches3 to appear. "Octavia!" the lady added, after a con siderable pause, Bpeaking softly and pleasantly, "let us say no more of this at < present — " " - " And never any more I 0, never 1 never I" gasped the old servant, breaking in upon ; her. " i " I shall not promise. But I will promise you this : I will do nothing that can bring grief or trouble to you. Let that give you relief. And now, to my rest ; but, first, you 1 will allow me to ask a question touching my-'a «lf. Do yon know anything of tho Joke plans with regard to my fnture? Am I to be a close prisoner ?" " O, no, lady 1 You are to walk in tbe gar den to-morrow morning, if yon wish, and I am to show you the way." "Thanks, Octavia, for the information. Ba snre, if it Is fair, I shall hold yon to your duty." She cared to qaestion the woman no fur ther ; and when she -had been shown into the dresBing-room, and into the bathing-room be yond, and had learned of her surroundings all sh' )eded to know, Bhe suffered her to | depaiv When Theresa awoke on the following morning the sun was shining brightly, and a thousand birds were making music in the air. I She arose, finding Jeannette already up, and i was soon dressed. | It would be difflenlt to tell the feelings | with which Bhe gazed aronnd upon the scene that had once been familiar to the eye of Constance. But her thoughts could not be long confined to that ohamber. Thinking of Constance led her to think of another; and of another; and yet another— loved one— where ? 0 1 where ? With a vehemence that had in it almoBt a spice of anger ehe put her foot upon the floor as she told herself that she wonld not believe them dead. " The minister waa more than half convinced when he had heard my story, " she said to herself ; " and Conrad Arnsfeldt holds out because of his wicked will ! They are not dead. If they were I should know it. I Bhould feel it. Kind Heaven wonld not uphold my heart in this wondrous manner only to break it in the end." She was thus communing with herself when the opening of the door caused her to turn. It was Jeannette, of whom her mistress had for a time lost both sight and thought. Her face was flashed, and her bright eyes gleamed with something closely resembling spite. " Where have you been, Jeannette ?" " I have been trying the doors, dear lady. Perhaps you will blame me; perhaps yon will Eoold me, when I tell yon that I have been looking for a way oat from this place ; and if I had found it I should have run away and left you. This was my plan. I should have made my way as swiftly as possible to the dear old castle, where I would have aroused your people, and called a oouncilof war, in which my voice wonld have been for instant appeal to the emperor ; and I would have gone before him myself, and told him the whole troth." ' Dear girl, I certainly shall not scold you ; nor have Z any blame. I conld have told yon, however, that you could not get away." I Ah I lady, I came nearer to it than you think. Bat for a man who frightened me back I certainly ehould have got away by a postern." " That man was probably there on purpose. No, no, Jeannette, we are not to escapein that way ; yet I thank yon all the same. I should hav9 gladly Bpared you had I known yon were on your way to the castle,— Ah 1 here comes Octavia 1" The old housekeeper entered with a kindly smile and a oheery salutation ; and having made a few inquiries concerning the lady's health and her night's rest, she announced that she was ready to lead the wsy>to the garden. Be snre onr heroine was not long in making ready for the walk. The woman had bronght a light mantle and a pretty morning hat, which she assured the marchioness had not been worn since Lady Constance wore them ; and Theresa accepted them readily. Had those artioles reminded her of one I (leaa, sue would nave snrely put them away, | feeling it sacriligions to wear them ; but, Eince they brought to mind one living and beloved, she felt & peonliar joy in patting thpm on. The garden of the palaoe was in the rear of one of the wings; a spacious enclosure, bearing everything in the shape of fruit and flowers that could be made to grow in that clime. Beyond that was a space of very nearly two acres under grass, where were tropical plants in endless variety. Theresa had been through a portion of the i hot-hou3e, and had left it for tho purer, > fresher air outside, Octavia and Jeannette 1 having remained behind to witness the gam- 1 bols of a pair of monkeys, confined in a large J cage. Without thought of her companions, 1 Bhe walked slowly on towards a small, vine- c'ad arbor which she saw not far distant. She had reached a point where another path, flanked with flowering shrubs, orosBed her way, when she was startled by the sudden and unexpected appearance of a man before her. She wonld have tamed back had the move ment been possible ; bnt the new-comer had met her, face to face, and retreat was out of the question. He lifted his light velvet cap, I and greeted her warmly. The greeting might have been cordial bnt for a spioe of triumph in it whioh was not to be mistaken. He was a young man, a few months beyond I one and twenty, wearing the undress uniform I of a lieutenant of the Imperial Guards ; short of stature ; with a face which many called , handsome. The featnres were regular, but pugnacious ; the complexion very dark ; a pair of bright, blaok eyes, and hair of the same color. The forehead waa low; the nether jaw square and heavy ; the mouth large, with lips cruel and gross. At all events, this latter was what our heroine saw ; and be sure she was not the only one who had made the discovery. Suoh was Otto Arnsfeldt, ooant by oonrtesy, and son of the Dube Conrad. "Theresa, this is a joy indeed. My father told me last night that yon were here ; and I begged that I might be permitted to see you, but he was inexorable. He can be very stub born when he takes a notion that way. But I have found von now. and when I least ex- pected it. Dear girl, you are looking per fectly charming. Have yon looked into tbe mirror this morning !" The maiden's first thought, upon recogniz ing the count, had been to give way to her true feelings ; to treat the conceited, treach erous man as he deserved at her hand6 ; but she did not do it. She asked herself : Why make a scene that could only be unpleasant for herself as well aB for him ? Her best course would be to get along as smoothly as possible, simply maintaining her dignity and keeping him within due bounds of respsot. Ehe answered him that she never dressed without consulting her mirror. "And I know yon saw therein something far more beautiful than anything you can find in this poor garden," be oried, with an attempt at rapture. " Count Otto, yon forget with whom you are speaking. I assure you, from my heart, Buch flattery displeases me. I do not like it." " Zounds I You are different from the majority of onr fair damsels. I'faith ! I know a ecore of them who wonld give three nights' sleep for snob a compliment as I paid yon." " It was not a compliment, sir. It was the grossest of flattery. True compliments should offend no one." " Theresa !"— bending upon her a look of admiration— "I will take a lesson— a number of them— in proper behavior from you. 1 will be your pupil ; and I promise to be at tentive and obedient.— Ah I Here ! I want jrou to see our beautiful lakelet, with its charming family of gold-fish. It is not far." " So saying, he took her hand, and drew it within his arm. She tried to draw it away, bnt did not succeed. Count, I wish you would excuse me. I left OQmpany in the gteen-houBe,'; 