W1T11DIU WAL at' &i; K titU KOiSuN FROM THE BAPTlKX UNION, • amour a few days ago that Mr Spurgom was nliout to leave the. Baptist Union trurns out now to be correct. For some time past the charges laid by him against liiiniBtPiB and churches of being upon, the "deVi'u grade" theologically and spiritually have liei'u iml'-mly combated privately, hut nt the meetings of the Union in Sheffield eny-ly this mouth they were ignored, while at tbe gatherings of the Congregational Union they were denied. Replying to his critics ani declaring his final decision, Mr Spurgeon says th;.t " to pursue uiiinn at the expense 1 of truth is treason t<> tbe Lords Jems. He is oiir Master und Lord, ami we wi.l kei*p His wonlsi; t" tamper with His doctrine would be to be traitor.- to Himself." Proceeding, he nrgues that as a matter of fact " believers in Christ's atonement are now iu declared religious union with those who make light of it; those who hold Evangelical doctrine are I in open alliance with those who call the ' Fi)ll a- fable, who deny the personality of i the Hbly Ghost, who call justification by j faith immoral, and hold that there is another probation after death, and a future restitution for the lost." '• Yes," he says, " we have before us the wretched spectacle of professedly orthodox Chris tians publicly avowing their union with those who deny the faith, and scarcely concealing their contempt of those who cannot be guilty of such gross disloyalty to Christ." This being tbe case he retires at once and distinctly from the Baptist Union, urging that as the Baptist churches are each one of them self-contained and independent, and the Union being only a voluntary association of such churches, it is a simple matter for a church or an individual to withdraw from it. Mr Spurgeon does not blame the Unio.i for harbouring errais of the extremest kind,' for he says "so far as we can see, i lis powerlaBS to help itself even if it wished to do so." Replying to the question, " why not start a new denomination !" lie says it is a question for which he has not any liking. There are denominations enough in his opinion, and " if there were a new denomination formed the thieves and robbers who have entered other ' gardens walled round would eliuili into it also, and so nothing would be gained. Besides, the expedient is not needed among churches which are each one selfgoverning and self-determining; suoli churches can find their own affinities without difficulty, and can keep th<:ir own coasts blear of invaders." In conclusion, Mr -Spurgeon says, " Oh that the day would come when, iu a larger communion than any sect can offur, all those who arc one in Christ may be able to blend iu manifest unity I This cos. only come by the way of growing spiritual life, clearer light upon the one eternal truth, and a closer cleaving in all things to Him who is the Head, even Jesus Christ." This decision of Mr Spurgeon will be regretfully, received by tbe Baptist denomination generally, for at the meetings in Sheffield, when it was hinted that he intended to leave the Union, an urgent though unofficial wish was expressed that he would not go to that extreme, and that even if he did, pressure wonld be brought to bear upon him to reconsider such a decision.—Daily News, Oct. 27. 