H[it mb ]|mitar Upside down—A feather bod. Motto for on umbrella—Suum Ouique (let each man hove his own.)] “ A man nover loses anything by polite ness." At all events, there are some men who never do and nover intend to. It is a smart man who knows how to make a speech, but it is a smarter man who knows how and whore to end one. No; the electric light doeB not spoil tho complexion. The objection is that it Bhows up complexions that have been spoiled. Thoro are lots of people who mix their religion with business, but forget to stir it up well. Tho business invariably rises to the top as a result. 11 Now, this is what I call business," re marked an undertaker, when an unfortunate man dropped dead in front of his (tho un dertaker's) establishment, “ Pa," said Bobby, sleepily, ” can I ask you one more question, if it ain’t foolish 1 ” “ Ya-as, one more." " How much older is a ripe old age than a green old ago ?" The ghosts that flit, as modern wit, Are ancient friends remet; And they auggcst it would be best To call them " saws re-set." Cora —"What makes you always twirl your cane, Mr. Morritt ?" Little Johnny (who is always around)—11 Because he ain’t got any moustncho," Diner—“ See here, wniter, this coffeo isn’t hot. It’s miserably cold. Ugh 1 I can’t drink Buch stuff as that." Walter—“ Woll, it was hot an hour ago. I don’t know what’s got into it.” Wo never speak as we pass by, Although a tear bedims his eye ; I know he’s thinking, thinking still Of when he backed my three months’ Thero is great difference in peoplo about finding things. One person goes all through life without finding anything, while another is stumbling upon something continually. But there 1b scarcely anybody, we discover, that can’t find fault. A goat which had fallen off a ledge was loudly complaining of his ill-luck, when the fawn came along and observed—"Although you have met with a fall it has saved yon from the wolf lying in wait beside the path yon have travelled." Moral—If we didn’t nave corns we might break our logs. , Stiggins (triumphantly)—1"Here, Wiggins, - is a poem I have written that'bas'ra' it’ neither the letters A, B, E, or S. I want you to suggest an improvement in it if you can." Wiggins (after reading it)—“ I think it would be better-” Stiggins—“How!” Wiggins—“ If you would also leave out of it all the rest of the alphabet." Grandpa was telling about some one who was very heavy for his size, and he said i— ” He is the biggest man I ever saw for his size.” At this all smiled, so ho tried it again. ” I mean he is the heaviest person for his weight I ever knew." Then, after a pause, "What are you all laughing at7 " and grandpa walked oil in indignation. " Wbnt is that Bicycle Man doing, father? See I he has Jumped Forwnrd from his wheel and put his Face to the Earth. Is ho Kissing it?" “No, my son, the man has his Ear to the Earth. He is listening. He thought he heard something Drop.” " I don’t believe that you love me," “But, Clara, I have given you proofs enough of my love. Didn't I offer to hurl myself out of the fourth storey window into the street ? ” " Why didn't you do it?" " Why didn’t I do it ? I'll tell you why I didn’t do it. The weather waB bad outside. That’s why. It looked as if it was going to rain.” “ They must be getting very high-toned at Fangles's," said Mrs. M’Swilligen to Mrs. Fodsnap. " I heard Mr. Fangle say they had a tutor—I suppose for young Jimmy." “ Mr. Fangle said they had a tooter, did he t" replied Mrs. Fodsnap. “ I guess It is Jimmy himself, learning to toot on a cornet. He1! just driving the neighborhood wild." The ancient stirrup-cup was wine; the modern stir-up cup is whiskey. It stiri op strife and other disagreeable things, r 