AGTA POPTJLL By THE FliANETTE. Discord I dire sister of the slaughtering powor, Small at her birth, but rising evury h^ury While scarce the skies her horrid head can bound, ' She stalks on earth, and slmlieS the world around ; The nations bleed, where'er her steps she turns, The groan still deepens, and the combat burns. 1 ''?????-? ??..'.?.???. Iliad.. :V: £?: ifc . '. . * ii i- ? ? * ? At Wai?, and rumours of war affright the birth of our new-born year to-day. The red horse of the Apocalypse stands ready caparisoned, impatiently champing his bit and pawing the ground while ilia terrible rider girds on his sword and prepares to go forth to take peace from earth, and spread desolation and death on every side. Eeuter's raving on this all-important subject are, as usual, about as reliable as the racing tips of our sporting prophets, but unfortunately, we have other sources of information which admit of no doubt whatever. No one would expect that a man handicapped with such an outlandish name as Meschtschorski would be capable of firing off a joke, and yet the Prince who bears it contrives to liven up the columns of the Grashdanin, a St. Petersburg journal, with a smart thing or two occasionally. Speaking of the diplomatists of the European Powers, for example, he says : — ' The first question one diplomatist asks the other just now is this : 'Well, how goes it with you?' The answer from every nationality at this epoch of unrest is always the same. ' Bad !' the Italian. ( Bad !' the German. ' Bad !' the Eussian,. It is wonderful that not one of these fellows can now say c Good !' There is but one Sovereign in Europe who is satisfied with the present outlook, and that one is the Prince of Monaco. He sees that we are all on for gambling.' What the trouble is all about is not very clear, but it would appear that some of the Powers would like a little set-to, just to pass the time away, the fact of millions of unfortunate men being butchered in order to keep the game alive being a trifling matter which never disturbs the minds of the rulers of the said Powers, any more than the slaughter of flocks of turkeys and geese have troubled our own of late. The laudable de sire of the present Czar (and ali the Czars before him) to spread Eussian civilization reforms all over the old world has something to do with the business, but luckily neither Austria nor Germany seem inclined to turn down their hands and allow the Great Bear to ' go alone' in his rosy little game. France, as usual, whenever wa.r is in the wind, is dancing about like an old hen on hot ashes, and her gallant sons are mad to go ' allonging and marchoning' once more in order that they may wade up to their necks in German gore. Germany stands ready to fight and ready to die for the Vaterland, as fresh as she did before Napoleon undertook his unlucky tramp to Berlin ; Italy has every sail of her splendid navy set to catch the first war-laden breeze ; and England is still pursuing her masterly policy of inactivity. When it comes to a question of squelching a few famine-stricken, homeless Irish peasants, the British Lion puts down his paw with a mighty crash, but when the Bear growls, and the Eagle screams, he sits down on his valour and covers him self with the mantle of discretion. There is a sound old saying which runs— ' When your neigbour's house is on fire take car© ©f your own,' and remembering this, it behoves us to consider how we would stand in case of a European war, in which England was entangled, t iking place. As a matter of fact we would be absolutely helpless if anything like a well prepared attack of either French or Eussians (both of whom have their eyes on us now) was made upon our shores. Providing our big guns at the Heads were loaded with straight-shooting powder, and we could depend on our torpedoes going off within 48 hours after they were started, our defences down there would be all right, but barring the stench from the boiling-down estab lishments, the dog-soup factory, and the Chinese gardens, what is there to prevent an enemy land ing at Botany, and treating us to a filling spell of that undesirable pastime which is known as ' Johnnie up the orchard.' Nothing, by Hercules ! nothing. Our sea dogs dare not venlure outside the Heads for fear of getting a bad attack of the ' Oh My's,' our lovely Lancers are still armed with blunt-headed clothes-props, and the neces sary glue to stick the riders on their saddles has not yet been even tendered for ; all our death defying warriors in the orchard districts are busy waging war on the flying foxes, and — horrcsco reforms — our Scottish troops have not yet decided whether they will wear kilts or trews when they take the field, determined to repeat the glories of Bannockburn and Moore Park. Our sole defence lies in Alfred Allen and the Bondi sewer. On the first signal of an approach ing enemy being given, Alfred should be engaged to stand on the top of ' Ben Buckler' and recite a Welcome Ode of his own brewing at the rash invader, and if that didn't scare him off we would then turn on the sewer, and shout Vai Victis ! One enemy's down, who'll make another ? And, talking of war, there is a story going the rounds juat now which ueems to prove that the modern 'Tommy Atkins' is possessed of far more intelligence and is a shrewder observer of things in general than was his prototype of Bunker's Hill or Quatre Bras. The particular Tommy in question was being instructed in the duties of a sentry, and the instructor having laiii do-rn certain broad rules for his guidance began to question him as to how he'd act. in certain cases, and amongst other matter .-? asked, ' What would you do if you sa« a general officer going by when you were on guard ?' ' Why, I should present arms, of course,' replied Tommy. 'Just so,' said the instructor; 'and suppose you saw a party of drunken men iu uniform going by, what would you do then ?'' ' Oh,' exciaiined Tommy, quite cheerfully, 'I'd present a,rms again.' 'Present arms ?' yelled the sergeant. ' And why the d ? 1, sir, would you do that ?' ' Why,' replied the cute recruit, ' because the chances are there would be a general officer amongst them. I think I'm up to my dooty now, sir.' Possibly the instructor thought so too, for he asked no more questions, and Tommy strode off, looking as proud as a bantam cock that had won his first battle. Eandwick wound up the old, and ushered in the new year in the most successful manner possible, so far as the ' sport of Kings' is concerned, and even those who, like myself, walked home by the dirty road cheerfully compliment the authorities for their share in the business. Tom Brown won the Summer Cup. I am certain of that, because I saw it published in all our daily papers— after Ike race was over. If I had seen it the day before I might now be on my way overland to occupy the vacant throne of Bulgaria. One of the saddest episodes of the meet was the treacherous conduct of a horse called Faugh-a-ballah. When this four legged traitor went out for the Flying Stakes on Boxing Day, every true son or HJrm present rallied round the flag, as it were, and put up their shekels on the horse that was to clear the way for all, but he let a frog-eating Frenchman named Eaoul beat him on the post. On New Year's Day, however, Faugh-a-ballagh started again, and his cute countrymen this time laid against him, the result being that Faugh walked in as he liked, and the Irish contingent left the course shrouded in a great gob of gloom and sadly chaunting — ' Let Erin remember the days of old, Ere her faithless sons betrayed her.' P.S. I have since heard that Faugh-a-ballagh's reaL name is Boyne Water, and that he is owned by Paster Allen and trained by John Davies. That accounts for all our trouble. Another unpleasant reminiscence of the Eand wick [meet was my acceding to the request of a tow-haired young Australim, aged 5, to take him round and show him a real live lord, someone having told him that there were several specimens on view that day. After a short search I stood him up in front of a genuine masher 'chappie,' who to all appearance looked as if he scarcely possessed enough brains to follow his nose round in a circle. He was clad in a black willie- wag-tail coat, a long black hat, which like his head tapered almost to a point at the top, patent leather boots, and a pair of snowy oyster-bag pants starched stiff enough to stand up by themselves in the teeth of a young tornado. ' That, my son,' said I to my charge, 'is a real blue-blooded lord, and no other brand is genuine.' 'Him!' exclaimed Young Australia in a tone of supreme disgust;' why he's only a dude. We pelt mud at coves like him at our school. I thought a lord had four legs, and a head bigger 'n a balloon, and you could ride on his back like Jumbo.' It was easily seen that one of that youth's cherished idols had gone bung, and I fear the lad is now of the same opinion as the French cynic who declared he would never believe that the Creator made one man specially to be a lord and another to be a slave until he saw the former born with a crown on his head, and the latter with a cross like that of the patient labouring jackass upon his back. It pays some of us better to moralize at Eandwick than to bet. The right of ' private judgment' in religious affairs may be all very well in its way, but when the said judgment prompts a layman to 'jump' a whole cathedral and defy his bishop even as far as the civil court, it would seem to some of us that it was just possible to carry the game a trifle too far. And yet these things have been done in Goulbnrn by one Captain Eossi, of the Anglican Church, who a few days ago quietly barricaded himself in the local cathedral and told his worthy bishop that there'd be no service held there until certain matters connected with hard cash were settled to his satisfaction. The bishop, I believe, drove up on the Sunday following and demanded admittance for the purpose of holding religious service, and the gallant captain inside replied there would be no difficulty about that at all providing his Lordship was able to affect an entrance and hoist the present tenant out. The predicament that this reply brought about would remind one of that of the Bishop of Eumti'-Foo who took dancing lessons before he attended the Pan-Anglican Synod, and found himself in such straits on one occauiou that when hio instructor observed, us he struck a new pose, ' This attitude's considered juaint,' the weary Bishop, feeling faint, replied, '' I do not say it ain't, but ' time/ my Christian !riend.' 'Give me time' was the cry of the Groulbum prelate also, but the captain declined, aid held the fort till it pleased hi in to come out, iud tesb the business in, a law court. The real ;ause of the contention is so complicated that it would confuse the head of a nail keg to attempt r.o understand it, but I don't think ' there can be iny doubt as to the fate of a house so divided in ? fcseif as to form the ground '? of such a pretty quarrel between a prominent leader of a church congregation and his so-called spiritual head, the worthy bishop. The millennium has arrived at last. The lion has lain down with the lamb, and the lamb is still alive to tell the tale. Brother Booth, the great temperance lecturer, who has accepted more cash testimonials in one year of his mission than Father Mathew did during his whole life, was recently banquetted here, and who do you tbink was in the chair ? Bishop Barry ? John Davies P Water Jug Foster ? Temperance Thompson ? Not at all ; but the proud position was held by the great all-things-to-all- men, Sir Henry Parkes. And where was the banquet held P In the Eechabite's Meeting House ? Iu the Protestant Hall ? In a Gospel Tent on the Park ? Not much, my innocent friend ; but in the Exchange Hotel, within hearing of the popping of lager corks and the smell of John Jameson's whisky elixir. It must have been a gay old revel, indeed, and those who know the worthy chairman best can imagine the wild enthusiasm and sincere delight with which he stood up, and exclaimed, 'Now, gentle men, I call on you to pledge our esteemed guest in bumpers of raspberry balm. No heel-taps, gentlemen, but quaff the sparkling vintage in quantities worthy of the toast.' And then again, conceive the soulful joy with which he would turn round, and say, ' Brother Booth, the pleasure of a ginger ale with you — Brother Henson, let us drink success to the next Session in a bumper of sparkling seltzer water — Mr. Eichardson this blue seal gooseberry cider is of the famous Kiarna Ghost year vintage, I pledge you in a bumper.' Saul among the prophets wasn't hah: as strange a sight as Brother Booth among the bottles, but it was a wildly hilarious shivoo, and I believe most of the company eventu ally got home without having to ask more than four policemen which was the nearest way to the tram terminus. The Representative Australian colonist is once more to the fore, making a name for himself and his glorious land. This time the scene is laid in Apsley House, in Piccadilly, where the present Duke of Wellington, having shown the colonist over the mansion, and brought him back to the hall again, observed, ' There, I think you have seen everything now, Mr. Jumbuck. What do you think of it P -'' Well, yer grace,' replied the '?representative' Australian, 'it's a capital house all round ; one o' th' best I ever saw, an' I've seen some chice spots about Potts' Pint too, but this is a ringer right out, and so convenient for yer grace too. Why you've got th' omnibuses runnin' bang up to yer own door. Good day ; I'm off now, sir.' And then, putting his two bent fore-fingers in his mouth, he began to whistle after a passing 'bus in a style calculated to wake up all the honoured dead in Westminster A.bbey. The Vincentian Fathers. — On Monday even ing next a public meeting will be held in St. Mary's Hall adjoining the cathedral to raise funds for the Mission House of the Vincentian Fathers, who are permanently established in this diocese. The Cardinal- Archbishop is to preside, and the Bishop of Hong Kong, who has an intimate acquaintance with the Fachers' work in China, will bo one of the speakers. The meeting, which commences at half-past seven, is likely to be one of a peculiarly interesting character, and a large attendance is expected. A report of the preliminary meeting held last Sunday will be found on another page. On the 20bh the ' roll call' for the new year will take place at the Marist Brothers' College, Hunter's Hill. Last year St. Joseph's had a roll of 250 students, the largest number of any college in the colonies. The monthly procession of the Guard of Honour took place with accustomed dignity and impres siveness in St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday even ing last in the presence of a large congregation. The Blessed Sacrament was carried in an imposing pageant by his Eminence the Cardinal- Archbishop, who afterwards gave Benediction. The cathedral was crowded to the doors. Last Friday, a young wutnan named Margaret Brennan, while attending mass at St. Fcancis' Church, Melbourne, suddenly fell down and ex pired from heart disease. We learn that the Eev. Father Walsh, of Burro wa, has been appointed to the charge of the mission at Albury. Father O'Shaughnessy, of St. Patrick's College, Goulburn, succeeds? Father Walsh at Burro wa. Madame Foli, the wife of the celebrated Irish basso, Signor Foli (real name Foley), has written a novel entitled ' Monte Carlo.' Her book is said to be inspired by her own experience. A statue in honour of Weber, the Catholic composer, whose Mass in B is sung all over the world, was to be unveiled at Eulin, his nativm city, on December ISfch, the hundredth anniver sary of his birth. The Pope wishes M. Gounod to set his poems and hymns to music, and has invited the com poser (io winter at Eouae for this express pur poce. 