mark twain's version of " hamlet.-' -;// ' 'Tub abjOi'e talented', author has.iput/ \- forth.a. revised 'edition of the tragedy ' \- of '' Hamlet. '' A'ccording-t'o Twain's . idea, "Hamlet," as it'eame froni the pen of Shakespeare, was, incomplete. : Twaihassumes that a ihan of Hamlet's melancholy and eccentric, terhpera- ,, ment, "must, of necessity', have had -a ' younger brother/ in the family' of a- more sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain sustains his theory in the following ingenious arguments :— . .. . . , ' ' 4 - ' . "We hnd in the iliatory of England and Paris adjacent pages,J4,"il, 44, Vol. II, the foHbwiiig'lett'er'from' th'e- - 1 King of Denmark, to- Tom. Sayers, an- ! old friend of his. s: K «.? TV. Dear Tom— Those hair-stuffed box-. . ' ing gloves and foils came by the Mark Lane Express '(Mark Lane who ran the . , Express;. Company, was a ' distant.uncle ofthe author, M.T.) in / good order — G.O.D. Hamlet, my eldest son, being of a taciturn and /. melancholy . disposition, . takes! very,, little stock in the /gloves; as ,a blow, on the nose only serves to increase' liiB melancholy. Thus I have given ye gloves to Billy, my second, born', who ; is as lively, as a. cricket on his pins, ... and .'a '/jovial lad withal, who takes kind jy to ye manly, sport of boxing. Yesterday he thumped his teacher most soundly on ye bugle;- for 'whibh I rewarded him by giving hiin a silver- mounted 'wassail bow.l filled.. to the uppermost, brim with -good brown ale. If you make your match' with Crabble ' let- ine'1 know, and send- a couple of tickets for seats pretty close . to the ropes. If you want backing, the whole Exchequer of Denmark and the Sub- treasury thrown in is Yours truly, Claudius, ; King of Denmark." From this historical- scrap Mr. Clemens (:i)f ark Twain) proceeds to reconstruct the play, holding, with no little show of reason, tliat Shake speare :Had no license— poetical, or / otherwise — to give Hamlet a pro minence not accorded to his younger brother. . # - # Twain Continues : — "Other letters from the King to Sayers, now .in my p issession, being kindly loaned me by the British Museum, gp to show,- that Shake speare had a' grudge, against Billy; the - younger brother, ' because, when Shakespeare .visited the palace of. Claudius, Billy put an old candle- snuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a frolicsome proceeding, which so in censed the bard that lie never forgave the young rascal. . People. who have had candle-sriuffers placed in" their boots, can readily appreciate the motives which governed the poet in making no reference' to Billy in the play except where he appears to him 'Like a mildewed' ear — Blasting his wholesome brother.' The events at Elsinore happened as I have written them. Shakespeare transposed and distorted the facts, and I cannot conscientiously allow these gross historioal mistakes to pass uncorrected. " . ; » THE PLAY. In his revised version Twain takes liberties with the original, text, which strongly reminds one of .Boucicault adapting a French drama for the American stage. In the first act where Bernardo and Francisco indulge in a colloquy on the platform along with Marcellus and Horatio, William comes in and sets up refreshments for the guards out of a little black bottle ; but refuse the two latter to have a second pull at the flask, after, they begin to talk on the grounds that he does not care to encourage so ; . pronounced a ease of delirium tremens. # ' ' The guards then leave William to himself, and after they had disappear ed lie bursts into an immoderate fit of laughter. He then slips away, and in , a side scene is represented dressing himself up in his father's armour, and covering himself with mosquito" netting, making up as a . ghost. As soon as his arrangements are complete he stalks in and frightens the wits out of Bernardo and Horatio making several turns out ,in the side scenes, where' he goes to hide his , merriment at the success of his trick. . # When Horatio is telling Hamlet of , the , apparition William listens with his mouth wide open, apparently ;ra'nsfixed'with'feo,r ; but after they \ are gone he turns to Hamlet with ' ' Hamlet, do you swallow all this ?" Don't you know all these" fellows are as crazy as bed-bugs ? ' Do you- sup- . pose the old man would walk around ' this castle with his armour on? What in the deuce does a ghost want of armour ? Besides, a ghost ain't cap able' "of " packing armour around. ' Why, the"last' few years'he wasn't hardly able, to waddle -about- in that lorierHundiWiahdv.ten JTipnuiicL- suit. Donjt you lnow wliep he came in ' froni that' last!Hressr';para'de he said he'd be switched if he'd ever put the old brass togs on again." "'Pshaw, old boy have some sense;'- » THE GHOST-WALKING SCENE. ,, ... In .the.; fourth scene William gets ' / himself up in fine sliape and rehearses the ghost-walking scene ., until he is entirely ?saj;i8fiedj! witli himself; while lie indulges infthe/foliowink soliloquy-: "Perhaps this won't, eatchihim, oh; no! fi e'll t'hiuk,'it the true business, 'and no Mistake. If I can get him about ' z Half'crszy 'l ean collar the girl. Blamed if I'd have far to go." In this scene Twain has/ followed the original text pretty, closely,- '-.The following extract will give a., general idea of his 'treatment 'of it' Hamlet. My, fate cries out, . And makes each petty artery on this body " '" " / As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve. (' Ghost beckonsi) : Still I am called. Unhand me gentle- inen 1 \ . / ( Breaking Jrom them By. heaven, I'll make'a ghost-' of -, liim . that.iets me. . ... / ' I say, away ! Go on ! I'll follo\y thee." ' William. Oh, he s coming, i'ye got him cranked already. . . . . ... f. - » The harrowing tale which William, as the ghost, unfolds, runs in this practical fashion:— I am thy fatherls spirit. Doomed1' to. aii' 'everlastiiig swirijg ardun'cl 'the circle'. X /could a , /Mle-unfqld-jkhaiAyould'lift your hat to flie ceiling,' . 'If 'ever' there was a slick old 'fraud your 'uncle is that man. The newspaper reports about my death ' Were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever never got away with me. The man who is now in my political slioes" dumped the ounce of . prussic , acid in my rear and, that , dijl the business. Lcaii'teil you Hamlet tliat for a' good,' quick, reliable poison I consider prussic acid. as. unequalled. I am willing to furnish testimonials for the trade. # The Ghost then proceeds at con siderable length to itell Hamlet what tOvdo.and how-to get even >yith ;h|s Uncle, interspersing his story with . some .side-splitting.-". Asides, 'J which are in Twain's best vein. Through the entire play the pranks of William are indescribably ludicrous 'as he appears . .in the double r61e of Ghost and adviser to Hamlet in the flesh. . .When not masquerading' with his material hea/nces- he is .going about with'. his brother'jtrying to dissuade him from doing anything rash, "and telling him what an infernal fool he is forXaking any stock iu the supernatural, 'occas ionally withdrawing to a quiet place to hold his sides and laugh when his hilarity threatens jtb' escape from, his, control.. » » » His prime-idea is'to get even on his Uncle and step-father, .for whom he has the most profound. contempt/ ; hut when events thicken as the direct result of 'his pranks he studies to undo his work. and . on - one. occasion /Con fesses. the fraud ;ahd tries to get ' Hamlet to look' at -"the' armor and mosquito netting j but Hamlet only looks upon it as a dodge, to .dissuade him from his purpose; and -will 'listen to nothing. . .. ... - . ' '. .. In the latter part of the play he sobers down and calmly allows events to take 'their course.. In the closing . scene , he gazes .upon . the. work -of /death, and coolly orders " a bolt' of black crape" while-he announces that his morning will; be wholesale. . ' !. # # » , . i Some of the passages are intensely funny,' and (in others' the humor is forced, with tendency to slang ; but as a whole the innovation is very laughable, and ' the version will no doubt attract considerable, curiosity . amongst play-goers, and draw crowd ed audiences should it ever be played. So writes an American critic. . W.H.W. | 