THREE KISSES. Bv CLAVERLEY, Author of "The Secret of Arnsdale," "All for Love," " By-and- Bye," " For Love Alone," "The Legend of Glenpeau,"&c;,, CHAPTER X. OFF WITH THE OLD LOVE. Captain Challerton had not been engaged with the music for many minutes before the voice of Captain Goulding startled him with the question—" Well, Archie, old fellow, what's the news V' " Ob, it's all right," returned Captain Challerton ; " ther'll be no poaching on my preserves now." And then, after a few minutes' talk, Reginald Goulding turned away, much troubled in his mind about his friend, and thinking that Archie did look rather, well, yes—rather sat upon. A few days later Captain Goulding asked Mr. Uerners if he could have a few minutes' private conversation with him, and upon this being granted, he informed that much surprised gentleman that he wished to marry his daughter. "Bat, my dear fellow,"replied Mr. Berners to this startling announcement, " Eva is already engaged—has been all her life, I might say. 1 wonder Archie did not tell you of the existing state of affairs, I am sorry— truly sorry, and I mav add that had my daughter been free I should have given my consent freely—yes freely. I am sorry to refuse, and if 1 had another daughter, I should have been glad to give her to you." "Now if it had been Lenore, you see," went on the genial kindly-hearted Squire, who avoided giving pain to any around him. "If it had been Lenore, you see the case would have been different—very different. I really am sorry about this, really." Captain Goulding waited until Mr. Berners had finished and then proceeded to inform him that Archie and Miss Eva bad agreed that their engagement had been a mistake, and as Eva loved him, and the engagement with Archie was the only objection, he ventured to conclude that the matter was settled, and that to himself Miss Berners was now engaged. Mr. Berners was thoroughly taken aba.sk attkis unexpected announcement, but promised to consult Eva concerning the matter. " For you Bee," he added, bringing himself to a standstill fay the fire, after pacing the room at receiving such startling intelligence, " I can't make Arohie and Eva marry each other against their wilL" " Bat to tell yoa the truth," he went on, after using the poker vigorously in the fire, "I can't understand this; in fact, I thought that they were getting on famously, quite as well as they have always done, and they alwava did agree very welL" " However, I'll talk to Eva," he continued, and so Captain Goulding, feeling satisfied that the little lady would set things straight, thanked Mr. Berners and went off to join the gentlemen ; while that gentleman sought his daughter. •'Eva, what is all this?" he asked, when the little lady was in his study with him. "Why, >papa dear," she responded, "I suppose Reg. has told you." "Well,yes,dear; but I can't understand what has caused tills npset between Archie and yourself, I don't see why yon should not be aa good Mends as ever." "Yes, papa, and so we are, excellent friends, but—but yon see, dear, it isn't quite the liking. Archie.and myself are first-rate friends, and so we always shall be; but I don't care for Archie in the same way at all as I do for Reg." And then by much coaxing and cajoling, Miss Eva persuaded papa to say " yes," and make her happy. And Mr. Berners kissed her, and said they seemed to have arranged it all without him, but that if it made them all happy, and satisfied them, he supposed it was all right; but when he was a youne man they did not settle matters in such railway-like speed. In fact, it appeared a case of "off with the old love and on with the new," to his old-world notions." " Well, yes papa, it does look like it, £ know," responded Eva, " but I am very happy with the new love, and after all, Archie and I never did not care for each other like this; and you will wish us joy, won't you, papa dear ? And Mr. Berners did, and thus the engagement of Miss Eva was transferred from Captain Challerton to Captain Goulding, and the latter gentleman was immensely happy, and " not afraid, you know, to kiss her, uke a fellow would feel about the beautiful cousin." Thus every one at Stagsdean Chase were immensely happy, except two people, who would not or could not understand each other. And the days became colder, and the earth crisper, and the robins and wood-birds came nearer and nearer the houBe each day in search of food, and each day the merry company gathered within the walls of the old time-wont mansion, talked of the prospects of skating upon the great lake away down in the park, beyond the oaks, and the elms, and the cedars; away lying deep and still among the alder bathes and willowa. And each day as the frost increased, the deep dark lake was examined, and its slight covering of winter ice probed to ascertain its thickness. Some of the gay party expressed themselves sure that it would bear, and in their farlined cloaks and far-trimmed costumes they ventured carefully for a few yards upon its surface, and expressed themselves "oh! so anxious," and longing to try their " Acmes." But Mr. Berners was obdurate, and strict injunctions were issued that no one should skate until the ice was a certain depth in thickness. Mr. Berners knew the legend of his house full well, and that away in a dark part of the lake, so overgrown and shadowed by the sur, rounding; trees as to be dark and dim, even in the bright light of the mid-day of summer - time, the ghost of a dark beauty still appeared at times, and that whenever her apparition was seen Bome danger threatened, or some accident alwayB happened to some one venturing upon its Bhining ice-covered surface. She had been seen lately, the beautiful but wicked Maud. CHAPTER XL THE LEOEXD OF THE LAKE. My narrative now takes me back to the years when the land was ruled by the daughter of the unfortonate Kathercae of Arragon and her Spanish husband Philip. At that time some English people saw more of the Spaniards than perhaps at any other period of oar history. Thas it was that Maud, who had left such a blot upon the name of Berners, came to be in England. Hugh Berners, a young, handsome, dark man, who was then lord of Stagsdean, saw this bewitching beauty, and seeing, loved her passionately with a wild love, quite unlike the quiet, steady, lasting attachment of an Englishman. And Hugh Berners threw his love and his fortune at Maud Castello's feet, and was accepted, for he was rich and powerful, and Maud Castello wanted riches and power. Their engagement was short, for Hugh Berners was impatient and jealous too, and coveted no one to share the beauty's smiles or live in the light of her star-like eyes but himself. So they married, and he, proudly happy, carried off his bride down to the old home in Yorkshire. They lived in perfect bliss and contentment for some time, and then Hugh Berners noticed a slight change in his lovely wife; she appeared worried by his care or caresses : in fact, weary of everything. He thought the monotonous country life too quiet for her, for she had lived so much in the world and its gaieties; and he therefore proposed taking her away from their home for a time ; but to this proposition she would have nothing to say, and when pressed closely refused to leave Stagsdean, stating that she much preferred staying where she was, and as her wishes were Hugh Berners' laws, she stayed at the Chase. A verv short time had elapsed, however, when Hugh Berners was called away from his home for a time, and naturally wished to take his wife with him; but she refused to go. saying she was much better where she mas, and that she had her old Spanish nurse £o take care of her, and thus matters were settled. Their parting was affectionate, and Hugh 'Berners, though anxious about leaving his wife, was buoyed PP with the hope of a speedy return. In this he was disappointed, for weeks and months passed and still his return^ was postponed, and during this time an heir was born to the old house and estate; and Hugh Berners, on hearing this news, was still more anxious to return, but being connected with the higher powers of the realm, his wishes were compelled to be guided by the requirements of others; and instead of returning he was entrusted with a commission that took him anon the Continent, where he was again uelayed. He was almost maddened by torturing suspense and anxiety to see his wife ana child; but still the time dragged on, and when he at length returned to his ancestral home he had been absent core than a year. But he was happy, inexpressibly happy. The time of waiting was fully made up to him in the joy he felt at the coming back, and again beholding his beautiful wife, and kissing the little heir's soft cheek for the first t U Maud was beautiful, more beautiful than ever; but there was an absence in her manner—a strangeness abouther that puzzled Hugh Berners exceedingly. After he had been home about a month, a rumour reached his eara that his house was haunted; but he paid little attention to this assertion, and knowing all the tales con- cerning it, he was not surprised that some of these Bhould crop up again—besides, he was a man who had little faith or belief in the visitors from shadow-land. However, Maud's peculiarity and preoccupation of manner increasing, he thought, perhaps, that these tales of the supernatural worried her, and determined if possible to find some reasonable explanation for these (supposed ghostly apparitions. The tale ran that from a postern gate in one of the wings of the old pile there issued occasionally, at the dead of night, a tall dark figure, closely draped and thickly veiled, and that this darkly-clad nun-like figure glided Ewiftly down to the lake and disappeared among the dense foliage. It had also been said that this darkly-clad, gliding figure had been seen to re-enter the (.ostern; but only one person made this assertion, and it was not generally credited, for the idea prevailed that the figure in question had some horrid secret, and that that secret was connected with the lake, and the misery of the crime would not let the said ghost sleep the sleep of death, but for punishment the spirit of the wrong-doer was compelled nightly, or at certain seasons to visit the scene of its wickedness. Hugh Berners, placing no reliance on these assertions, resolved to watch the postern in question, and with this intention placed himself behind a narrow loophole overlooking the gateway, and watched there. He waited for three successive nights until morning dawned, and saw nothing, and was about to give up his watch when he heard that the figure had gone and returned at an earlier hour, and suspecting some trick, he determined to persevere in his undertaking. Ha said nothing to his wife Maud of what he was doing, for Maud was worried and anxious, for the little heir of Stagsdean Chase was ill, and the mother insisted in sharing the night-watch with the old Spanish nurse by the child's side. Hugh Berners had remonstrated, but Maud firmly held to her purpose, and stated that the child required special care at night, and that the nurses were likely to drop asleep and leave him unattended to. So while Maud sat by the side of her child Hugh Berners watched the postern gate, to unravel if possible the mystery that surrounded the home. It was winter-time, no snow had fallen, but the ground was crisp and hard, and the surface of the lake partially encrusted with ice. 