MuW». 'Short, Sharp, Shiny.' 'Only Dust' Ward v, Bagster. Disloyalty in Sydney. A spiritual police case. Wybert Reeve arrived. Good rains in the country. A good speech, Mr. Glynn. 'The tame respectable Catt.' Mr. G. Chaffey with us again. Disloyalty crushed in Sydney. Defeat but spurs our Sellar on. Carlton defeated the Geelongs. W. V. Smith held out a threat. Commissioner Peterswald back. A strong request to Mr. Copley. Missing Fort Lincoln boats safe. Sir J. W. Downer has returned. Chicago wheat 'corner' busted. Our boss delegates are returning. An orderly enthusiastic meeting. The Duchess d'Alengonls insane. Geelong has at last been ' licked.' Will the new brooms sweep clean 1 .An employers' union to be formed. Prince Alexander may reign again. Victoria will wear a crown of roses. . The ghost tracker, Kirkham Evans. Mr. W. Storrie returned from home. America declines England's paupers. Unemployed agitating in Melbourne, German squadron arrived at Sydney. Woodeide 'bunts ' the Alphabetical, Sellar out for the Legislative Council. Mr. J. Varley, S.M., is dead, aged 56. A 170-oz. nuggest found near Ballarat, Two regiments at Herat have revolted. Exhibits continue to arrive from home. - Hotham has declared for women's suffrage. Bead of the ' Team that Sir John bossed.' Government busy formulating their policy. The Academy of Music only a recollection. ' Look out for Orroroo Oddfellows' sports.' Lady Start, widow of the explorer, is dead, Mr. Newland has returned from the interior. Old Figgs the Philosopher alive and kicking. Sir Robert Stout has issued a big manifesto. The Souths had a picnic at Gawler on Satur day. Archbishop Carr sayB Adelaide is a beautiful city. 'That chummed with the cute Alphabetical Eat.' Cricket centenary being celebrated in Eng land. Immigration by sea exceeded emigration last week. Civility is inexpensive. Learn this Mr, Mais. Tennyeon ill. Lewis Morris undertakes his work. Legislative Council elections livening up a little. . ' Saunders McTaviah' is amongst us once more. Industrial Chambers turned into a . coffee palace. Two princes nominated for the Bulgarian throne. - Melbourne getting her turn of the unem Sydney undergraduates going to prove their loyalty. The Nelson and Opal are both anchored off Glenelg. The Elderalie bringing a full grown lion for our Zoo. Lord Tennyson's jubilee poem has been set to music. Admiral Tryon is a Tory candidate for Sir John is not depressed about the loBSof his billet. Kirkham Evans has a good deal of negative evidence. The Victorian Government are sure of a majority. Eight Alsatians being tried for treason to Germany. An accident to Mr. Iririn at the hunt on Saturday. Sir G. W. dea Voeuxis made Governor of Hongkong, Boycotting is a powerful lever on ^greedy trsdesmcut Murray and Baker have taken honors at Cambridge. If Sellar gets in there will be a 'poet' in each House. Mr. Nash, M.P., got three cheers for the democracy. A big gathering of royalties in London on Jubilee day. Mr. Minchin coming with a lot of ' critters' for the Zoo. Ebby confident that he is to be Chairman of Committees. Sir 'Ennery has dosed the Sydney theatres on Sundays. ViOeneuve won't take a fee from anti- coercionists. Heavy snowfalls have taken place through* out Victoria. The anti-coercion meeting had not had suf ficient notice. Sir George Grey is going on the stump in New Zealand, . The gunboat Stork coming to survey Aus tralian waters. Lewis Morris has a good show of being the next laureate. Chinese Commissioners entertained by Judge Higinbqtham. Who is the Lord High Executioner in the new Cabinet? The Parramatta made the fastest P. & O. trip on record. An attendance of 30,000 at a jubilee meet ing in Sydney. There are 2,700 peopleemployed in and about the Exhibition. Another loyal meeting in Sydney quashed Archbishop Reynolds has accompanied Dr. Carr to Victoria. Gaunson made things lively at the Windsor accident inquest. Big changes expected in the Victorian rail way department. Ironwork for the bridges on the Goolwa line sot satisfactory. Mr. Cotton says his property ' has melted away like snow.' The Government have held their first Cabinet meeting. Geneva being manufactured wholesale in New South Wales. Tasmanians disapproving of Chinese and prison competition. Negotiations on the New Hebrides question have been resumed. Look out for swindlers collecting subs, for the Queen's (jubilee. Colonists in London wanting to take part in the jubilee pageant. Prince Alec of Battenburg has no desire to go back to Bulgaria; Her Majesty the Queen will wear numerous orders on jubilee day. Twenty-six thousand Russians advancing towards Afghanistan. The Imperial Government won't fortify King George's Sound. ' Yon need not come to me when you appear before Mr. Beddome.' A reef struck 1,400 feet below the surface at Harrietvnle, Victoria. English Freemasons going to present an address to the Queen. Fisk Jubilee Singers commence on Tuesday, June 21— Jubilee Day. Sydney doesn't want to waste money on jubilee demonstrations. The new clock for the Sydney Post-office tower is to cost £5,482. TheSwisB residents of Sydney have decided to form a national club. The feeling on Saturday was all in favor of ' Unfortunate Ireland.' It was the Orari and not the Oroya which caught fire at Plymouth. One Bundle- street firm refused to clo3e on the 20th and 21st instant. Bather like a misnomer calling a lump of gold a ' Brassey ' nugget. Port Pirie believes it has found out rings a3 bad as the Tammany ring. A successful operation on -the throat of Germany's Crown Prince. It is feared that the illness of Germany's Crown Prince will be fatal. The kitchen range at St. James's Palace must have been in bad order. ' The country is looking beautiful ' — that is the usual report from the north. The Chinese in New South Wales are send ing a presentation to the Queen, Counter attractions were too strong for the anti- coercion meeting on Saturday. Our own Bev. A. Turnbull speaking on the Sunday theatre question in Sydney. A Sydney alderman says the Queen is spend ing nothing of her hoarded millions. Parnell and his followers will not attend the Westminster Abbey Jubilee service. Numerous cases of stabbing have occurred in Melbourne during the past week. Mr. Coglin felt pleasure in addressing such a 'respected and talented audience.' Chamber of Manufactures making arrange ments for the Industrial Exhibition, The Minister of Education is going round to the schools to do his own ' birching.' Lord Tennyson is too ill to write the ode for the opening of the Imperial Institute. Sydney Town Council will not illuminate the Town Hall on the Queen's Jubilee day. The captain of the German warship Olga died just before entering Sydney heads. The Jewish community of S.A. hive pre pared a handsome address to the Queen. Parramatta S3 days and 10 hours coming out, including 36 hours detention at Colombo. Stationmaster Gedge and Enginedriver Keats dismissed Victorian railway service. The Empress of Bussia is an indefatigable dancer and possesses an enormous appetite. Fancy royalty charging 5b. a head to their guests for repairing the cooking apparatus ! It is stated that a political confederation between Samoa and Hawaii has been ratified. Mr. W. Stevens, proprietor .'of the Family Herald of London.-isamong the recent deaths. .Does the sheriff when he visits the gaol carry a big etick in his hand like the ' limb of a tree?' Suspicious movements of Russians tele graphed— ibeir movements are always sus picious. Simonsen's Opera Company promise to produce about a dozen operas during their season. A man named James Curtis died at Lis more last week who is said to have been born in 1782. A picture valued at £500, intended for our Exhibition, utterly ruined through being badly stowed. Fifteen to twenty miles of snow sheds will be built by the Canadian Pacific Railway this cummer* J Were the delegates charged £2 2s. each for being allowed to attend the M. and G. banquet? One hundred and twenty-five horses entered for the Melbourne Cup, a falling off of 17 from last year. From April 1, 1886, to April 1, 1887, 27,000 permits to ascend the Washington Monument were issued. ' Twenty-five years' service with political assiduity ' is some claim on the suffrages of the people, surely. Sydney Orangemen exclaim about ruffian secularistc, and then say— 'Free speech for ever.' Hooray ! What a reception Kirkbam Evans will get in another world from those he has been trying to make out frauds. Unemployed in Melbourne complaining that the Government is importing cheap labor from the other colonies. The Queen has given Mr. William Tyler a commission to execute a marble bust of the late Earl of Iddesleigh. A gift of 84 lb. of cast linen has been sent from Buckingham Palace £o the London Hos pital, WhitechapeL Lord Randolph Churchill is one of the most active canvassers in London for the Queen's jubilee contributions. * The Czar of Bussia has caused .an edict to be published forbidding foreigners to acquire or inherit land in Poland. None of the new Ministry went to meet Sir J. W. Downer. They sent a steam-launch to bring him ashore, though. The 167 oz. nugget found in the Midas Com pany's mine at Ballarat has been christened the Lady Brassey nugget. Sir 'Enry Parkes should remember that an addresB from Parliament does not prove the loyalty of a whole colony. The marriage of the PrincesB Irene of Hesse and Prince Henry of Prussia is to take place at Darmstadt at Easter, 1888. Several meetings have been called in the country districts of Tasmania to protest against the formation of sisterhoods. A hospital to be devoted entirely to the treatment of diphtheria is projected by the medical men of New York city. The interior will grow our whole meat supply, says the chairman of the Trans continental Railway Commission. Neatly 16,000 persons have subscribed to the Women's Jubilee Offering at Sheffield, the sum raised amounting to £526 9s. lOd. The following gallant toast was once given at a military dinner : — ' The ladies ; our arms their protection, their arms our reward.' The old Spanish cathedral at St. Augustine, Florida, the Slave Market, and other historic buildingB have just been destroyed by fire. The iron merchants . of Japan have dis patched a 'representative to Europe to enter into business relations with the iron trades. Alfred Tennyson has been England's poet laureate since 1850— a longer period than the honor was held by any of his predecessors. The use of opium, morphine, cocaine, and narcotics generally by persons of delicate organisations is alarmingly large in New York city. The New York Legislature has passed a Bill increasing the maximum of liability for fatal injuries from 5,000 dollars to 10,000. dollars. Water should never be used that has been held in a lead pipe all night, and it should be allowed to run freely before any is taken for use. One doctor in Newburgh, N.Y., attended over 300 cases of measles in the past six weeks. Some of his patients were over 60 years old. The JPuke of Beira, infant Prince of ?Portugal, has seven cradles, which he occupies in daily rotation by instruction of the court physician. The cutting of pine or blackwood on the west coast of Tasmania is forbidden except for mining purposes, and then only under certain conditions. Lieutenant Jephson, author of the popular novel, 'The Girl I Left Behind Me,' is among the Englishmen in H. M. Stanley's exploring expedition. Mr. Neild having got his expanses to come here, will have his seat in the New South Wales Assembly referred to the Qualifications Committee. With a view to protecting the fisheries of the province, the Manitoba Fish and Gime Protection Society is trying to get the export of fish prohibited. M. Taine, the eminent French critic, is angry at the vehemence of the abuse to which he is subjected apropos of his recent work on Napoleon Bonaparte. ''It was tough work pulling against the strings only to receive in place of praise and pay the cold carpings of cynical curs.' Thus the alliterative Sellar, The Spanish pretender, Don Jaime de Bour bon, the only son of Don Carlos, has gone to Egypt to recover his health after a severe attack of typhoid fever. . When playing the Adelaides the Fitzroys had 21 men up to the time of kicking two goals. According to the rules of football those goals should have been forfeited. Madame Barrios, widow of the late South American tyrant, is called 'The Queen of Guatemala' by New York society, of which she is a leading attraction. The ship Buckhurst, of London, while dis charging jute at Dundee harbor caught fire, and before the flames were got under the .greater part of 7,000 bales of jute were damaged by fire and water. The lion of the London season this year will be the Queen of the Sandwich islands, who has arrived in England in order to attend the cele bration of Queen Victoria's jubilee. The Sydney forgery cases, in which Henry Hart Lazarus is concerned, are likely to have an important development. The amounts em bezzled are stated to be near £17,000. One of the costly new crazes in society runs in the direction of ivory miniatureB. Their painting is almost a forgotten art, but will revive with the*demand. A picture of this kind now costs from 300 dollars to 500 dollars. At a meeting of the executive committee of Birmingham Liberal Association Mr. Chamberlain was, after a vote, appointed a member. His three brothers were rejected. E. B. Holt, late manager of the Bank of New Zealand, and now in Darlinghurst gaol, is eaid to be so unwell that he is employed merely at clerical work in the gaol hospital. A proteBt on the lines of Mr. Bright's oft repeated phrase ' force is no remedy' has been signed by 3,200 Nonconformist ministers in England and Wales against the Crimea BUI. The number of ladies in America who have taken to whipping male persons with cow hides is steadily on the increase, says an American contemporary. It is hardly safe to wear hats and coats in these later days, A well-known English lady has sent the Pope a valuable Easter egg ; the shell is of ivory, lined with white satin, and the yolk is a golden case wherein is a large ruby set in diamonds, the whole being valued at over £2,000. Adam Bellingham, aged 14, the boy who united the train near the gunpowder store at Cradley Heath, and which caused such a terrible explosion, died recently at the Guest Hospital from the effects of the injuries he received, At a meeting at Hereford a resolution was passed that 'the present deplorable position and future prospects of agriculture demand the immediate attention of Parliament.' En deavors will be promptly made to secure that attention. * Miss Alice Longfellow is one of the officers of the Society for the Collegiate Instruction of Women, and is often at the Harvard Annexe building, where, they say, she is regarded by the students with love amounting almost to reverence. A determined suicide was committed in Bath recently. A barber named Watts, about 30 years of age, cut Mb throat in such a deter mined manner that he died almost immediately. He had shaved a customer only three minutes previously. Constable Holland, who was shot in the right leg in Marylebone Churchyard by a burglar, who was subsequently apprehended on another charge and sentenced to 15 years' penal servitude, received from Sir James Ingfciam a reward of £20. Attention is being called to the desirability of revivingwhale fishing, once so large an in dustry in Hobart. It is proposed to look for black whales in Antarctic waters. Thirty years ago 40 whalers sailed from Hobart, and now only two do so. A leaking oil pipe recently caused the oil to float on the water of New York harbor, which caught fire from a passing tugboat. The burning oil- field partly destroyed two New York Central railway piers, causing a loss of 100,000 dollars. A terrible duel is reported from 'Cologne, where two soldiers of the Pioneer Corps, who had been on friendly terms,, quarrelled and fired at each other with Mauser rifles in the afternoon. One died on the spot, and the other is mortally wounded. The English House of Commons recently spent more than* half a day discussing an item involving £10. A disgusted member offered to pay the £10 himself if {his doing so would expediate matters, but bis proposition was looked on as revolutionary. * ' ? Mr. S. Newland mentions the blacks in the far north as likely to be troublesome; reports seeing large numbers, but was' himself unmo- ' tested. Did they think him such a 'duckj of a man' as not to be Worth their notice— ? too much tucker for one, but not enough for two? Mr. John Bright, apropos of free trade and protection, remarks— 'The protectionists in the United States are burdened with a large surplus revenue.' We wish (says the London Globe) freetraders on this side of the pond could point to the same oppressive state of things. Poor Mr. Buskin. In an advanced English school the question waslasked in examination ' What do you know-o'r John Buskin ?' One replied that he was lately Prime Minister; another that he was editor of Punch, and a third that he was a gentleman who wrote for Punch and used bad language*. The London ^correspondent of the Irish Times says :— ' Mr. Labouchere, Mr. Cony beare, Mr. Broadhurst, Mr. Bradlaugh, and Mr. Picton have agreed to organise a band of English members of Parliament to cross over to Ireland and confront on the platform the coercion legislation of the Government. The late General Farre, who was French Minister of War from 1S79 to 1881, used to be, in the days of his Tunisian expedition, called General Far Kiente by his- political opponents. It was he who abolished the use of drums in the French army, but His successor restored them, and General Farre's remains were borne to the tomb to the eound of muffled drums. The astounding statement is made by the Cliicago Journal of Commerce that fresh rail way constructions to the extent of 21,347 miles is projected in the United States, and that 15,000 miles will be laid down this year. New rails are required for existing lines to the extent of 9,000 miles, and altogether 3,250,000 tons of steel rails are needed this year. Senor Gallardo, landowner in the province of Cordova, was lately captured by bandits, who demanded from his family a ransom of about £1,200 for his release. The money was paid, and Senor Gallardo was restored to his friends, but in a very suffering condition, as while in captivity he broke his leg. Three men have been arrested on suspicion of being connected with the band, TheKaiserin Augusta is in feeble health, and spends much of her time in a wheeled chair. She never desired, she says, to be a queen or empress, but both dignities being im posed on her he has tried to turn them to good use. Her own tastes would have made her a private lady in a fairly good position in Paris, well off, but not over rich, _ She would have lived near the Louvre, National Library, and Theatre Francaise, and she would have gone to the latter three times a week. Apparently the German soldier doesn't know much about his own country. A recent report of the Third Army Corps states that ' only an insignificant part knew the names of our famous generals in modern times, a large number knew nothing at all about the events of the last three campaigns, and the most lamentable ignorance as to the members of the royal house was also found to exist.' To all of which the German soldier would pro bably reply that it is his business to fight and not to know things, 