THE JUBILEE PAGEANT. In order to acquire some idea of the scene enacted on Tuesday, one's memory naturally reverts to some of the great pageants of the last three decades. We see again, in imagination, the funeral of the illustrious Iron Duke, as, full of years and honours, he was borne to St. Paul's. The endless stream of horsemen and footmen, the carriages, the banners, the crape-draped standards, the great fnneral car, drawn by snch horses as England alone can furnish, again parade before our »iew. The tone of muffled drum, tbe wail of funereal masic, the distant boom of minute gun, again sound in the ear, mingled with the subdued roar of the vast multitude surging below us. Our memory calls up the triumphant progress of the lovely Danish Princess through the metropolis, from Woolwich in its far East, to the Great Western Railway in its distant West, en route to wed the Prince of Wales. We see London blocked from one end i to the other. The footways are impas salile. Tbe roadways are packed with an apparently impenetrable mass of motionless vehicles. One wonders if the superhuman efforts of the police will ever clear the way. In the meantime, the only passage is through the forest of wheels. Singular paradox, for once in a way the London roads are too crowded to be dangerous. As the hour approaches, they clear as by magic. Every eye strains for the approaching carriage that bears the peerless treasure. She comes, and London first beholds the beautiful girl, — the still beautiful woman, — that then and there won all England's heart, and has kept it. Our memory travels back to the time when tbe sleepless British Empire stood hushed in terrible suspense. Its Prince i lay at the gate of death. Memories of i that anxious time still linger Provi- ? deuce spared turn. And now the mind 1 conjures up the widowed mother, on her way to the same great cathedral, to thank Almighty God for the r&gift; of her eldest son. It is the one touch of nature that makes all the world kin. Monarch and subject, peer and peasant, rich sdA poor, compatriot and foreigner ? all can sympathise. We can still hear the thunders of the people, and the shoutings ; we can still feel ourselves joining in the plaudits, as oar beloved and revered Queen bows her gracious thanks for the welcome. Finally, we can raise the ghosts of some half-dozen semi-State processions of Her Majesty oq the way to open Parliament. Our mind filled with these reminis cences, we can picture to ourselves the great spectacle of Tuesday. The Horse Guards, the Admiralty, the Foreign Office, Cariton House Terrace, Marl borough House, and every tree, and lamp-post, and gateway, rise up before us, as, on a lovely midsummer day, we wend our way up that magnificent avenue, the Mall, in St. James's Park, toward Buckingham Palace. We study the multitude that no man can number, streaming in from the pnrlieus of the ' Dials,' the regions south of the river, the mazes of the East end. The order liness of tbe steady artizan, with his wife and children round him ; the horse play of the roughs and blackguards that swarm on every hand; the stealth of the pickpocket; the good humour of the police ; the jollity of the Mounted Life Guards — all these things rise before us. But this is not our goal. We cross tbe park, and, by devious routes, familiar only to the habiturS of London, travel round the crowd; for every avenue that mikes towards the Abbey, the Houses of Parliament, and the Broad Sanctuary, is densely packed with an impervious mass of human beings. .Our destination is the lower end of Parliament-street, where a friend has offered us a stand in his balcony. We approach the junction of Parlia ment and Bridge Streets. And now comes the tug of war. Thank God, our womenMnd were safely housed hours ago, or they would never reach the place. Elbows op, and shoulders for ward, we make a dash into the crowd. In a moment ws are sacked in as by a whirlpool. Lifted off our feet, we are dashed hither and thither. Now a burly ruffian bark himself on oar back. Here a counter current Eeizes us, and whirls us away as a straw in a gust. Anon, we are brought up sharp by a lamp-post, and, every now and again, under the terrinc pressure ot tne driving multi tude, our ribs crack, our veins swell, our eyes start from their sockets, our head grows dizzy. Finally, by a stroke of luck, we are hurtled, a crashed and tattered spectacle, into the doorway of the house we wish to reach. Ah ! how the memories of many such straggles crowd upon us, leaving unalloyed pleasures in their train. From our coigne of vantage, we have now the privilege of looking down upon other people being mashed into jelly. Away yonder, a piek-pocket has been caught in the very act. Like lightning he is seized upon by the crowd. He is hurled on high. He is tossed from one man to another over the heads of the populace. He is dashed down, and trampled under foot. The police rush in flourishin'- their truncheons ; their blows resound right and left. Mounted constables follow, plunging their horses recklessly among the people, and at length the thief is rescued and borne off in custody. But now comes a regiment of Ule guards, every man a giant, gay in silver cuirass and plumed helm, mounted on coal- black horses, the cream of British cavalry. The crowd parts before them. The masses are jammed against the houses like wool in a wool-press, as the Guaqjs force their horses back against them and line the way. It is past ten o clock. And now begins the stream of carriages, conveying the 9000 invited guests to the Abbey. The Duke's State coach, superbly emblazoned with his armorial bearings, drawn by a pair of magni6cent bays, standing fully seven teen hands, the coachman mounted on scarlet hammer-cloth, and half a dozen powdered footmen hanging on to the foot-board. The thousand and one car nages of every build, all horsed to per fection, and irreproachably appointed footmen and coachmen in faultless livery. The tight little brougham, the private hansom of the bachelor officer, the modest hansom cab, all stream by in endless succession, till, at the appointed hour, the road is mercilessly closed by the police to all belated comers, what ever their rank. At the stroke of noon, the. guns boom out, and fill the air with trembling, as the Queen, with_ her invariable punctuality, leaves Bock-' ingham Palace. A quarter ol an hour passes by, and expectation sits on every brow. The strains of the lifeguards' band reach the ear. The air resonnds with distant acclamations. The head of the procession approaches. And now file by troops of horaeguards, dragoons, hussars, each headed by its band. Here are the Indian Princes, and the swarms of Grand Dukes and European serenities. Then follow in succession half-a-dozen Kings, each surroanded by a brilliant suite, each preceded and followed by 4 guard of honour. The procession seems interminable. Here come the great officers of State, the Ministry, the Master of the Horse, the Earl Marshal, the Heralds in all their panoply. These are the royal Princesses, the Queen's grandchildren. This carriage is full of the Queen's daughters. And now ap proaches a sight that England has never previously matched. England's future King, in general's uniform, Germany's fntnre Emperor, in his bard-won field marshal's dress, accompanied by the Queen's sons, and sons-in-law, ride on either hand of the royal carriage, and a swarm of the younger princes close in upon it in the rear. A royal body-guard indeed ! The carriage is a magnificent vehicle, the horses are eight soch thoroughbred creams, as the world cannot elsewhere show. Adorned with superb trappings, they prance and plunge, each held in by a running foot man in the Queen's livery. Bat the princes are scarcely observed, the horses and their splendid caparisons pass almost unnoticed, for the Queen is thecynosnre of every eye. Now the crowd beneath us gives tongue. Off go our hats, waving high aloft. The ladies' handkerchiefs by thousands flutter in tbe breeze. Hurrahs, and shouts, and cheers, resound from the people's throats, till the welkin rings 'again, and the air throbs with the vibration. Only British throats can hurrah. And yet it is only an elderly woman that passes by. Yes, my friend, that's just when it is. We don't expend our love upon a man. A nation may hob nob with a douce Jamie. It may writhe under the haughty eye of a handsome Charles L, till it rises one day and destroys him. It may. groan under the levities of a Merry MnnnrrJi It mav retain* f rm character and State-craft of a William of Orange. It may have a warm comer in its bosom for bluff, obstinate, fatherly .George IH. Bat it idolises a Queen Bess, and its heart goes out in all its warmth and fulness to a Queen Victoria. Now, in imagination, we enter tbe hoary fane. We alight at Wren's west ern portals ; little in keeping with the rest of the Abbey, but, nevertheless, a splendid example of the fertile invention of the great architect of the renaissance, barren as he was of all gothic feeling and devotion. On either hand the vast nave are England's living great, seated tier upon tier. A thousand peers in their robes, innumerable peeresses in all their beauty and splendour. The am bassadors of all nations. Archbishops and bishops of the English church in their lawn. Representatives of the Scots churches, and of all the great English denominations. The Papal koncio, the Roman Catholic cardinals and prelates in their vestments. Military and naval officers of high rank m their uniforms. The judges in their ermine. The Colonial and Indian representatives in their orders. The sheriffs of counties and mayors of municipalities. All the great in litera ture, science, art, law. And, under the lavement, the greatest Then, as our beloved Sovereign, crowned, and in her coronation robes, advances toward the sanctuary, the thousands rise as one, the mighty organ peals forth, the enor mous edifice trembles in unison. The liquid notes of the choristers rend the -'r- They leap from vault to vault of the fretted roof, and wander away in the distant aisles. And the dim hollows echo and re-echo the Empire's anthem and prayer — 'GOD SAVE THE QUEEN.' 