INDUCTION SERVICES AT ST; ' - :;..-. John's Charcli ' . . ? i ^Special j; services -were i hold - at St. John's Church Sunday in connection .with the induction of the Bev. E. Champion to the incumbency of the parish, in succession to the Rev. Canon Brownrigg, who re signed in February last on account of ill health. Large congregations were present upon each occasion, especially in the At 10 a.m. a number of members of the congregation] met for prayer, the Rev. S. Hart officiating. A confirmation service followed at 1] o'clock; Biahop Sandford performing the ceremony, assisted by the Ven. Archdeacon Hales, Canon Icely, and the Rev. S. Hart. There were nine candidates for confirmation — two malea and seven females— being all from St. John's. The Bishop in terse and pithy sentences addrassed the candidates, point ing out the solemn purpose of confirmation. He said they did not go there to confirm, but to be confirmed, and] to Bay their vows before God, and concluded by impressing upon them their obligations. The Bishop subsequently addressed the congregation upon the words of St. Paul to the Ephesians, 'And. grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are, sealed unto the day of redemption.' He spoke of the uses of a seal and the utility of sealing, which had to do with the confirnm- ;?; and establishing of a written agreement or covenant, and the validity of documents. Missives from : royalty , were of no use without the seal or authority. There was also something very significant in the eyes of tho ancient world in. the symbol of a seal. The reality of earthly and heavenly agreements was referred toi, heavenly covenants being higher and greater than earthly oneB, there being a fullness, of blessing and hope in the covenant between men and God, which would enable them to meet all the trials and vicissitudes of their present position. The confirmation witnessed that day might: be God's covenant. Confirmation was an out ward and visible token — a token which was needed. In the early ages it was spoken of as a seal, just because it referred to that covenant which was sealed with the blood of Christ. Having spoken of the covenant between man and God, which was a sure pledge of eternal life, the bishop addressed those who had been confirmed,: pointing out the privileges which they would now; of the Holy Communion. He then referred ' to .the coremoriy of induction which was to take place in the, afternoon. He said their new pastor came amongst them to spend his strength and his time in the service of God, arid he doubted' not they would, give him that help without which Ihis'labourwould be'in vain — the help of a' united /'people.'.'.'' 'After the, service.'.' 'the' 'sacrament' 'of -tnefLord's Supper -was 'ad-_ . ministered. , , . , .. -: ?:,.r: ) ?r.nIJ '.vj'i.'Iv siliinh '' MUva ''? -ii! :?: ivi.oai ?_- jj'KJX r. iu'S iilio'n i« u^nfir.bi'i on via I j Tho iaduction ceremony was held at 3 p.m., the following clergymen, in addition to the Bishop, occupying seats in the chancel :— Ven. Archdeacon Hales, Revs.1 A. W. Icoly (Canon1 Misifonor of' St. David's Cathedral, ' Hobart), J. W. H. Goiss (acting as chaplain to the Bishop), A. Barkway. S. Hart, C. H. Yonng, A. H. Champion, and tho new incumbent. Tho united choirs of St.' John's, Trinity, and St. Paul's, under the conducto--ship of Mr. P. Ferguson, organist of Trinity Church, were also Beated in the chancel, Mr. W. W. Thorn thwaito presiding at the organ, the tone of which has boen much improved by recent repairs. As the clergy proceeded up the aisles, the choir sang in an efficient manner the 100th Psalm, to the well known tuno of the Old Hundredth. The Office of Institutionwhich was formulated by the late Bishop of Tas mania, the Very Rov. H. Bromby, was used. The first part of evening prayer having been intoned by, the Eev. Canon Icely, Psalms 122, 132, and 133 were sung. The first lesson— Ezekiel xxxiii., 1 to 10— was read by the Rev. A. Barkway, and tho second-— St. John x.,t tol9 — by the Ven. !Archdeacou Hales.1 After the repetition of the Creed and prayers, the well-known . anthem, ?' O taste and see ' was sung, and the Institution cbremony was then com-! menced. i Messrs.- H. Lakiu, W. Martin, and S. Eardley Wilmot, churchwardens, having pro :eeded to the chancel, tho Bishop addressed the congregation, asking1 if any. objection could be raised to tho ; newl pastor. There being no response, the Rev. E. Champion took tho oaths of allegiance to the Queen and Bishop, after which he re-' oeived his license, and was instituted to the parish. Mr. H. Lakin then presented ' the keys of the church to the incumbent, who said — 'I receive these keys of tho houBe : of God at'your hands as the pledges of my institution, arid of your parochial recogni tion; and promise by the help of God to be i'a faithfuluhepherd over you, in the name! of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;' The Bishop then presented a Bible arid ? Prayer Bookj saying — ' Re ceive these books, and let them be the rule of .thy conduct in dispensing the, Divine 'Word, in - leading the devotions of the people, j and in exercising the discipline of the Church, and be thou in all things a pattern i to!- the flock committed to thy care.' ! After the hymri, f'Hark, hark; my ?soul;' :had been -sung, the Bishop pro nounced 'the1 benediction.; ? The service throughout was choral. ?? : ? ; : ' i ? : !In :the .evening \ the incumbent preached his: ?'. introductory . sermon, :which, both i in matter and delivery, ivas excellent, i Ho took for hia text a ipart of the 16th 'verse of ;the!s(3cohd'chapter. of 2nd -Corinthians— ^'iWh'oia sufficient for these things?'' ?: 