POSTAL GRIEVANCES. Is must be noted by any obserrant person that the present postnl arrangements for North Melbourne are not at all satisfactory arid since wecalled .itten- tion to the matter by a paragraph in our last issue fresh complaints 7 have reached us. This ' postal fever,' as it n mav he termed is not confined to the Eastern Ward, but has spread over the whole' of North Melbourne. Late deliveries are becoming the: rule now instead of the exception, and business ce. rwsn Jiave to wait about for tBeir letters early every morning oud this delay m some instances: becomes a very serious matter- Indeed our experience has been ithe delivery of letters at seven o'clock p m- instead of six. People who wish to see their private correspondence before leaving home are often disappointed and the evil cries loudly ifor a remedy- The postmen too arc unfairly supposed to he the cause of this unsatisfactory state of ibiogs and thus blame is heaped: on painstaking and faithful public' servants^ The town of North Melbourne, - is certainly treated verr shabbily by the postal department and many reforms, especially ill the direction slluded to above, are urgently, needed.; ^ Perhaps Mr Lamens dj]1 draw the ' Postmaster's attention to this;cotnplamt t which requires immediate attention Mn. George Hard ess, who has acted as superintendent of St. Mary's t!hureh of England Sunday School for the past twenty years, is abont to retire from the position. His health has not been at all satisfactory of late, and, feeling that he requires more rest after his arduous official duties, he has been reluctantly compelled to resign. Many of the residents of North Melbourne will regret the step, as their children will lose the example of a most-worthy man aud a good counsellor in a department of usefulness that is sadly neglected by our rising youth. While others lwve sought renown at the cannon's uiouth of vox poptili, Georfco Hardess of late years has contented himselC with doing a work amongst the young that cannot be esti. mated by liaman measurement. He has been a father to the fatherless, and a true friend to the lad of honest and straightforward principles. In this age of secularism, indifference, and irreligion, so far as day school education, aye, and home instruction too, is concerned, it is ciioering to £ud men of intelligence on the seventh day doing their utmost to build up the morals and higher traits of character in the young whose religions education, in at least fifty per cent of cases, is a blank m the home circle. Unfortunately, in these instances, the only reference to the name of the Deity isjn profane «oaths. whose -utteranec in ihe ears ofichildrcji must: in the strictest' ^ense have a baneful cfiect an eveiv anal ing 1 ne-c rt m irk" Dili bol lf> I ithat- thSnsinggeneratioiiifeguireinore <examnles of theiGeorge Haidess stamp:: Fearless and uncompromising with truth, opon hearted and' generous- the whole character built on n Foundation that has stood the test of time, why does not society produce more such chnrac ters? To-day the Ormond and North Fitaroy meet on the University Cricket ground and as' neither team has bctm beaten 1 hi: seuson, a spleodid struggiu is likely to result, Members of the Ormond Club will br: adroi'tod free to "the gruund und reserve oa production of their tickets, Members of the North Fitzroy are entitled to free entry to the ground unly. The monthly meeting uf the Fleni ington and Kensington Fire Brig&de;, was heid at the new hall on 1'riday last. LieutenatitFlannagan presiding. Aletier was received from the secretary of the Footscray Fire Brigade, soliciting ou be half of ex-Captain White, injured whilst attending a fire, wne received. It was decided that the hose ofiict^r should port all liieniljers failing to attend duty as directed on the notic-j board with a view to enforcing a tine. Votes of thanks nere accords to tin* Kensington Drum and Fife Band for their good duct aud uxcelleut mu⁣ rendered when accompanying the brigade during the demonstration, and also to Mr. 3. Tate, senr., for his kindness in conveying t! hose reel to the ground and back. The annual meeting of the North Melbourne Liberal Association was held Thursday night. Or. H. Wilson, .1.1'., the chair. The auditor's report was read aud adopted, which showed the association to be in a good financial position The following officers were then elected : —President., Or. Hugh Wilson; Vice Presidents, Messrs W. Nicol and J. H Gardiner; Treasurer, Mr. D. Morrison , Secretary, Mr. E. Anderson ; Committee, Messrs W. R. Harratt. J. C Cliammn * Griffiths. II. Harrutt, J. Kemple. The following is an excellent '<ilay upon words' :—Tt •[>;:>(••! iLii T ill F.>! ji'roat deal t>f Z«W- 7V4 U i iirii -si.. -? Ohi'cMc! iug iif, J yet' t »d muufc-.vafteKitfftrs • n-|l V wel asfl-.tt is'coniiueiftiy ii^iSf^tiiis sVajjitft wiU M'Ud tue ftunii'mei'meM-I*if its birth ie :<I ; arid o f ,!ier- 8»oue» in tui! Audi, liltmiail.colon: . whom The Bohemian will give new Life, and prove a Barbing a- vf Ltght at least Once-a-Weeh, oud all who enjoy their bowl of Punch uuder The Southern Cross, will, on sendiug a jtfessen^cr armed with llii-.'Cpence, receive a bottli! of the best wall wrapped up in The Boliemmn. whose JFar Cry and Bulletins will neither Advocate nor contain Temperance Acres from The Advertiser. On Tuesday next Messrs <3\. D. Langd^e will offer for Rale a valtiuble block of laud iu Wellington and Bignell streets, Newmarket, having a total frontage of 396 feet, and mnsteuitable tor suli-di vision The land which has been an cvesore and drawback to the district in cuosequenco of its not having been utilised tor building purposes is a chance seldom met with, and investors would do well to make enquiries at the local office ot tlio auctioneers, Racecourse road. Newmarket, where all particulars can be Ascertained. The annual excursion of the West Melbourne Baptist Sunday School mil beheld at Wandong, near Kilmore. next Thursday. A special train will leave North Melbourne station at 8.45 a.m.. returning from Wandoug at 6.1b p.m. li'or the convenience of imrihern piciuciaus the tram will stop at. Newmarket, the teachers' have arranged to eupplv all visitors with tea. Tickets may be obtained al the following rates:—Under 12, Is.: 12 to 16, Is. 6d.; senior scholars over 16, 2s. 6d.; adults, 3s. 6d. An .accident happeued in Victoria street i Wednesday morning, when a cart driven by a small boy ran into a horse, seriously injuring it. The driver of the cart endeavoured to make off, but a man mounted on a horse overtook him, aud. detained tlicveh icle uiitilConstable Dunlop arrived to" whom lie reported the matter. The latter'took the minus ot the parties concerned with a view to further action. The JTJemmgton aud Kensington State ichool pic-nicheld on-Thursday .at Kilmore proved a grand success. . . A thoroughly, -enjoyable day-being; .spent .•hy.-. the.young. peopJo.and their adultfi'iends. The weather was perfection and .the excursion passed off without a lntcii- . Our reporter's very •lePgthyiToJortjvhloh^AareTeguestednot; by Mr CroBB —Mi Spong, 10s 6d, " D Ta'gUat, 10s 6S, Mrc Tay, 5s , ifi Hall, 5b , Mr Smith, 5s > Mr Mr W ^ KoxW6. I0s: Mr. Thomaa -of ^lie ^Jass works, a very hundsomc .tieJi glofce j Mr; Griukan, pair steps; ex-Gr. J. AViIlmmson, wringiflg maclunesailfortluigift distribu-. tion to married ladies, -The globe of gold fish presented by^Mr.^THioniafi of the glass worlcs js beautifully-chased and a very handBOtae prizcu Mr. Jobu Cnchtnn has given 10s 6»1 iowatds the-prizes. A detailed report of-the Coppin Araatcu- Dramatic Cllub "«ncl the presentation to Mri A. Mayne by the AUianco Lodge is held; over till.uestwesjk.. .Measra O. J. aiid,T. Ham advertise in on* issue of to day Vthe sole of land suitable for private railway sidiiigSj factory sites aod buainess lota in the Konaington Parlt JSBtate,on Saturday (this day). Some desirable cottage aJJotmcnts will also pass under the hammer. The late accident at Spencer street caused bv a WiHisnnslown tma colHdmg with dockhcads at the end of the road was pnmwnly caused by ihe failure of the Wood's brake. For a considerable period this brake has been used on the North guburbnn lines and the Wcstintihouse on the South suburban. . All tluogs con aidered the Weslmgbouoo appears to bn the best und it is strange that the people ot EBSendon. 'Coburg utid Wilhametowu should Dot bave their trams fitted with it Does the influence of the member for StawcH siiU Jiowj' iibout the Eaiiway Departmeut? tt is a pleasiDg" fact to note that amid: all the alruggliDg and business of life, one can get < a real Isrsfcrclass suit from Mr- ' John Lany, practical tailor, generul outtter and .ahirt maker of 114 liourkc . Street/east, and at the same,time obtain" civility AQd -honest do.-thng. . One . trwli -wiUprovewLatthiBadveiti6emeniconfiins —[AdVt ] Our sporting; cuntributor, ' Ct-ntaur, sayn—Toniotmw the Victorian ^inuteur Titrf Oiub ho'd their usual monthly meeting at Cnullield. A ^ood programme has been prepared, and, with fine weather, a very enjoyable al'tamoon's sport mav be had. Tho first i on the programme is the Selling rue*, for which Oscnban^s choice looks thu beat, followed by Ariel aud the Ghost. For the Hurdles I like Fountain's representative or llevenge, und for two year old race prefer Bedouin to anything else, followed home by Pjngard. For the St Hilda Cup the Levik, Men nolti, and Abuse look well, aud for the Steeplechase I place them Slid ley, Roulette, und Banker. For the South farm Handicap my selections are Rich worth, Chicago, and Newmaster. Ou Tuesday last, Sen ior-Cona table Carmody of Kensington, found a little fellow named James Robinson wandering about near the Saltwater river and as from enquiries he had lost himself, Carmody took charge of! htm. It afterwards appeared that tho youngster who was only five yeurs old had walked all the way from Richmond oud had he not fortunately met with the friendly constable he might have fared badiy. He was subsequently taken home by his parents who were in search of him und most anxious ub to his whereabouts. Mr. F, J. Melvillle, lion, secretary to the Gladvs Pricate Quadrille Asssmblv, desires us to mtimote that a meeting of tho original members of the assembly will be held in the New Hall. Ne»-market this evening at. S Ddoclt. when the pro gramme for: the opening series will be arranged and »ther matiers;iinyCOQoection' r with the club di us e3 t SjTiiistbatu td d ^-aftern o on, ih e'-ste am erj O^ODeJ^ad yju t -Obff^ueen ftomntn. ti httk b)y n-ho wnb ICatiinK ovei ihe fi de fell oVeiboattdio'tbe Xon J aternation .of :the-. passengers.-' A^oung" man. "who^vilUttssedj the aawhap: immediately jumped after hini. and kept him afloat uutd a boat was lowered, when both were brought a&fely; on board., and the little fellow was restored to the an ot uis anxious pur^nu-, who naturally were profuse in their thanks to his plucky rescuer. The residents of Paikville arc up in arms at the move of the University Conn • oil to have the 4 local' post aud telegraph ofijco Greeted hi the northern corner of their grounds. It will be remembered when th* residents mooted a short cut through the grounds to Carlton and vice versa, the University authorities opposed most strenuously, but owing: to a saving clause in the deodfl the public won the day. However the Government who h;i biitm offered the situ without tlm asking, cati con -istcntly erect an office m North Carlton and dub it with tho name or Parkville i« another departmental yvmnastic proceeding which will form the basis of public meeting of the residents at an early date, who want a local and not nn ady " ing suburban office. It wili be a day of bile if the Government of the fntui to the University Council and say, forced a -site on ns we now want the whol«j fronlage for public uses. The friends of Or. Hugh Wih<m s regret to learn thai his third son .1 died at his residency Flemington road, Wednesdtty evening from typhoH fe The deceased v?as a promising youth of about nineteen yours of age. Much sympathy is expressed for our old and inspected townsman in hi* deep affliction. The hearing of the evin^nt:© between the Essendon and 13runawick Councils in re the Moouoe Ponds Creek bridge site still proceeding. The case stands adjourned till 1st April, aud Judge .Vtolesworth said he thought it might be settled out of court. In order to place the evidence in extenso before our readers, tre hold ovcr the preliminary evidence. The North Melbourne Board of n i met tn the Errof street school Inst iMonda\, There were present Messrs Nic 1 C^tt, Rac (chair)j 'ind Clarice (correspondent) It was resolved to ho^ tho distribution of prizes iu the Town Hall -on Friday 22nd svhich -date-die -additionsto the; ; aslced to p^siae T^ ^xceHen^^i^fl Accruing from the.; iSte J3ej))ita3oa^&Fv;$hei, nn it \ to llii Midibl ^ /o i'om i iii*th' tphalting of theDi rol street school paths, the ©rection of additions to thci.Boundar^road school, &e.; The attention of the; department was drnwn to - the unsightly, state of the Queensberry street school approaches and grounds Communications from the Sandhurst Exhibition Committee were rend, but owi«/r t<i the want of courtesy and co oparation previously shewn m the matter, the board declined to entertain further proposals. Mr. J. Green notifies the sale of valuable tuBiuess atlotmeots (o-day on th* ground in Raukin s road. Kensington be twecn Smith and Parsons streets. Mr. C. A. Atkins, the well-known chemist, of Errol street North Melbourne is the vendor, and the allotments should prove sonm of the most saleable that have been in the market for some time. The usual fortnightly of tho Parkville Debating Society was held on Tuesday week at Johnston s rooms. The exercise ppoiutcd were ( Extempore Speeches. Tho chairman explained that these exer ciBes were given tu put the members on their mettle; very often a speaker is called upon to address a meeting, without hav had time to prepare even a few notes or headings and there is nothing like practice to enable him to do it. Some very amue peeches were given during the course of the evening.. The attempts of young members to address themselves to subjects that tliey seemed wholly igoorant of and in which they should have a good knowledge proved conclusively tho benefits that are sot by such meetings, ihe next meeting, which will take place od the 15th of March, will be given to ud essay by Mr. Tadgell on 1 Sheep and Wool.' It & expected that there will be a large attend wee to hear this essay, as the suttee hhecp and Wool' being two of the staple commodities of the colour, all should have a knowledge ot them- A hearty-invitation Jsestended to all to attend Ihe meeting.., About 3 »?clock:on Wednesday uiormn! screams. were heard proceeding from j .liouse in PriNces stieetj ^ccupied by -h family: named ^razer.^vho ^are continually carry; ngondrwnkGD^orgies^-and-making Use'-ofsiyUe^-expresBiong-tothe^aanoyancp srttle in a aeccnl Mrccr artd-'buhare-an the" disgraceful TuanneTniepcfi^l ^ffr' impunity - ^ 