FRAGMENTS OF FUN. ~Woman is mortally afraid of a monee, r ey say, but a moustache doesn't scare her a Don't call a very large, strong, sinewy man 4 prevaricator. If you are sure he is a prevar. cator hire another man to break the news to him. "Wilt thou have me, Sarah?" said a young man to a modest girl. " No, John," said the girl, " but you may have me, if you will." Smith, with effusion: Hallo, Brown, le that rou I heard that you were drowned. Brown, with sadness : No; it was my brother. Smith, thoughtlessly: What apity I Merchant : Well, porter, I want you to tell me all that happened during my absence. lere's a dollar for you. Porter : The boys promised me two dollars if I wouldn't say a word, " I wish you would pay a little attention to what I am saying, sir,' roared a lawyer to an exasperating witness he was examlolng Well, I am paying as little attention as I can," was the calm reply. " Who." said a mrempber of the Canadian house of Commons, to the member, who were trying to choke hit off, " who brayed there?" "It was an echo,:' retorted a member, amid a yell of delight. " In the sentence-' John strikes Wil liam', " asked a school teacher in a manofac. tori.g town, " what is the object of ' strikes' ?' "-Higher wages and shorter time,' promptly replied an intelligent pupil. " I don't I'ke these shoes," said a lady cus tomer, " because the soles are too thick." " Is that the only objection ?" blandly asked the bootmaker, " Yes," was the reply. " Then, madam, If you take the shoes. I can assure you the objection will gradually wear away." " What Is that hig Iron thing full of. holes " " A locomotive boller," said Tom. Lauralooked thoughtful After a mometl's eilence, she asked: " Why do they boil loco motive.?" Tom looked amazed. " To make make tender," he said slowly. Collector to servant girl : Is Mr. Joneein? Servant: io, he is out. C. : That's a fib. I saw him enter here a minute ago. S. 0. : I tell you he's out. C. : I say he's not out ; he's in. S. 0.: Well, be's out of money, and that out is enough for you, anyway. And it was. Boston Hostess: Did you not think the allegro movement of that concerts by Bee' thoven most inspiring I Friend, from the West: Stunning I And wasn't Mr. Beethoven himself perfeotly eleFant I Such lovely whiskers. I do wish he d play again I " Mary, here's an advertisement in the paper that I think I'd better answer." " What is it for, John?" " Why, It says ' a good setter dog for sale, by Edward Smith.'" " Well, what do you want of a setter og , John 1" " Oh, I dunno, only I thought ii might do to watch the' house at night ; and a, it is a setter, we could use him on the eggs during the day.' At the Concert.-Young Candid: Did you ever hear such horribly discordant, ear. splitting, infernal --. Old Proudfant: S,r-r-r I That's my eldest daughter, and--. Young Candid: I repeat, sir, such infernal clatter as the idiots behind as are making. Why, I can't hear a word of the song. An Australian prelate, on his first Journey arround, was lung into the deep mud by at e's iee horse. Rising ruefully, with his chaplain's help, and surveying the place, the hishop consoled himself with the reflection : I" have left a deep imprefsion in t hat part of the dinese,, at any rate." A very deaf Boston man has a charming wife and a orose dog. One morning a friend met him and esid : "i'Gooddmorning, Mr. Blank. Your wife made a very pleasant call on us last evening." " I'm very sorry," was the .tartling answer of the deaf citizen, " I'll see that it doeue'toc.?r again.' I'm going to chain her up after this " A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast lamb, aod -the waiter bawled to the cook : " O1e lamb." ' " Great boas, minter." cried the countryman. " I can't eat a hll lamb ; Aimoe some fried oysters i,,erad." " One fried." bawled the waiter. " Well, Methun selah's ghost I Mister, one fried oyster hain't noin' to be enougah. Gemme a dozen of 'em. Darn these city eatin' places I" Barher, to customerin ':balr: You're quite bald, sr. Customer : Yep. Barber: Young nan,, too. Customer.: Yep. Barber: Wear your hat too much. Cnstomer : Nop, Barber: Ranin the family? Customer : Nop. Barber: Rootsof the hairdeseasedl Customer: Nl,p. Barberr Fever? Customer: Nop. Barberr-ifeCer: Er-wife? Customer: Nop. Barber, desperately: What cau"ed that baldness? Customer : Barber's preventative. 