oIAPrEn XXVI.-OPeeINeGa sre EYES. While Helen was peeing the oyprees walk in the long August afternoon, Valentine was at York, where the summer meeting was in falt awing. Interest se well as pleasure had led him to the northern city. He was not, as his mother had been told, a partner in the St. Austell and Beechiug etable, but his interests were deeply involved in their successes, and he had mixed himself up in their turf speculations in a manner which might result in a great coup or a great disaster. One of their horoes was entered for the Great Ebor, and stood pretty high in the betting:; another ran in a smaller race, and there were three of the stud entered for selling stakes. Valentine had baoted Postcard rather heavily for the Great Eober, and he knew that Beeahing and St. Austell had both laid I their money pretty freely, and that both be lieved in the horse. To Boeaching, losing or c winning was a matter of very little sonse- I quenoe; but like moat millionaires he was very intent upon making his stable pay, and I was very savage when the luck went against t lrim. it. Austell was by no means rich. and t to him Postcard's euceess mast be a matter i of considerable importance. The value of the horse would be quadrupled if he won this a great race, to say nothing of his owner's bets. Under these oiroumotanves, Mr. Belfiold I was surprised at not filuiug St. Austell at I King's Cross when he arrirved on the plat- I fore just in time for the epeioll. It had been arranged a week balcre that he, B3eech ing, and Lt. Austell wore to travel together by I this train, which left London at eight in the morning on the first day of the raced, and I were to occupy a suite of rooms together at S the loutel till the meeting was over. Mr. r Beeohing had charged himself-or had been I charged-with the duty of engaging the : rooms, and of securing a coupe for the d journey. Mr. BeUchlng was on the platform, with v hie valet in attendance upon him. The coupe a was engaged, and a picnic basket, containing p a Strasbourg piero, a chicken, and a ooopleof I bottles of .: 11. Mumm's extra dry, was in the rack ; hut there was no Et, Austoll. ' What does that follow mean by being I behind time ?' asked Valentine, when he and Bueuhing had taken their seats, and the b doors were being clapped to, all along the line 1 of carriages. Q ' St. Austell 7 He's not coming.' C 'Not coming I Not to see Postoard win a the Great Eborl' I ' No. Hoe's chucked up the stable.' a ' Chuoked up the stable ?' ' Yes, answered Boeching, coolly. ' You I see he owed me a hatful of1 money one way e and another, and the other night he and I n had a general square up, which resulted in e amy taking about seven shillings in thepoond a all round. He surrendered his interest in j Postcard, and the rest of the stud, and Igave E him back his I.O.U.'s. He is going to India C next week.' I Why India.' c ' Lunge. Can't stand a European winter. d His doctors advise him to try Ceylon or India. I He is keen upcu a grand aetern tour, and e he's off to Venice next week on his way east. I ward. He'll potter about in Northern Italy, perhaps, for a month or so, and then put a himself on board a P. and 0.' ' Queer,' said Valentine. ' He never told me anything was wrong with his lungs, I though he looks rather sickly at the beat of a times.' a ' We can't all be gladiators like you, Bel. c field. I don't think St. Austell know there I was anything radically wrong till he wont to c Sir William Jenner a little while ago and b had himself overhauled. But he has been I laid up more or less every winter for the last u three or four years, and he has lived pretty e fast, as you know. I should think India 1 would be a capital move for him,' a ' Perhaps,' alsented Valentine, pondering I deeply, with bent brows. t On the Ilnaveomiro all their acquaintances I were surprised at St. Aostelta absence, and i Mr. l'ecohing had to give the sanm explana. c tion to a good many people. Mr. Bolfiold I was irritated by this iteration. ' Deuce take the follow, what a lot of trouble he has given us,' he said angrily; 'He ought to have come to see the horse's performanooce, although he had parted with i his interest in him. He has got a good deal e of money on the race, anyhow.' The great day and the great race came. ( The Knavesmiro was a scene of life and t movement, of vivid colour and ceaeoless ani- I mation, a scone of universal gladness, one would suppose, taking the picture as a whole. I But in detail there was a good deal of din appointment. It was only the disinterested I lookers-on, the frivolous people who go to race meetings to eat and drink and stare about them sn the sunshine, the clodhoppers and bumpkins, who stand beside the rails and gaze at the sceno as at the figures in ak kaleldosonpo-it is only for these that there t is no bitter in the cup of pleasure, no fly in c the ointment. t Pcestard, after a magnifioent lead, which t elated all his backers, shut up-in Mr. Bel field's parlance-like a telescope. He was a I powerful horse, and would have pulled splen. r didly through heavy ground, but the weather r had been peerless, and the course was dry c and hard, so the lighter horses had the N advantage. Becohing and Belfield ate their Q lunch in moody silence, and drank twice as I deeply as they would have done to signalise au triumph. I'll be hanged if I epend another night a in this cursed hole,' said Valentina when the I day's racing was over, e ' Oh, you'd better see it out. I've got the rooms for the week, don't yoen know, and Io shall have to pay pretty stiffly for them, and tS I've ordered dinner. You may just as well il stay.' b 'Make it Yorkshire if you grudge your a money, and when you come back to town I'll a square up, retorted Valentine, sulkily. ' I'm t tired of the whole nusiness. Your stable has never brought me luck. Good-night I' I It was only half.past five o'clook; the sun h was high still, but sloping westward, and a aarriages and foot people were moving out of the great green valley In vast masses of F shifting lights and colours. A pretty scenoe ; but far from pleasant to the jaundiced eye I of Valentine UBlifield. He got into a cab, drove to the hotel, h bundles bis things into bag and portman- I teau, and had them carried to the adjacent II station just in time for one of the speciale su which were taking the racing men back to a London. lIe got into a saloon carriago, coiled himself up in a corner out of the dusoat and the glare, and precuntly, when the express weas flying across the country, past n thsoe broad fields where the corn was still standing, low hills where lights and ahadowo came and went lt the softening atmosphere of evening, he fell fast seleep, and slept for a nearly a couple of hours, sleeping off that extra bottle of champagne which he had drunk almost unawares in his disappointment d and exasperation. It was dark when he awoke, black night outside the carriage windows, and within only the dIn light of the lamp, which woeas almost obscuored by tobacco b smoke. There were very few passengers in the epaciouc carriage, and of those few three were asleep, sprawling in unrestrained repose upon the morocco eulhions, worn out with open air, sun, duest, and drink. Two men eat in thebo angle of the carriag.e, in a line with Mr. rBefield's corner, and those two were talking saufidentlally bo- d tween the aInzy consumption of their cigarettes, talking in those undertonesa which ere sometimes more dietinctly audible than the brawl and babble of loud voices. ' I tell you, ily dear fellow, everybody knew all about it except the gentleman most b concerned,' said one, ' and whether heo didn't know, or whether he was wilfully b blind, in an epen question. I don't like the man, and I should be willing to think any- b thing had o him, but he's a good bred 'on, anyhow, ned I suppose we ought to give t hbihn the benefit of the doubt.' SHo wonas never about with her,' returned the other man; ' eho went everywhere owish her sister, and we all know what the sister is.' 'A very oharmieg woman,' said his £ I, iu?d w.,t a tv.au.' , "auu a very uaugue,ýsu e one. S3U's about tlhe ~~verIdt woman I out, I think, for without compromleing i herself very seriously she hes contrivdd to make more out of her admirers than any woman in London. She must have bled Becehing to the tune of a small fortune, I fanny.' ' Oh, O Beechbig Is fair game,' said the other man. ' Nobody minds Beaching. That kind of pigeon was made to be plocked; besides, Bsechlng is uncommonly careful. Nobody will ever do him any harm. Hu has the commercial intellect fully developed You may depend he keeps a close account of his menna plaisire, his grass-widows and such like, and knows to a shilling what they coat him, and will never exoesd the limits of strict prudence.' Mr. Belfluld'o attention was fully aaakened by this time. He had turned himself ronmd in his shadowy ouruer, and was watcbhing and lisanuing with all hise might. He knew one of the men, a member of the Badminton and the Argus, slightly ; the other not at all. 'The worst story against her is thes tory of the diamonds,' said the man whom he did not know. SAh, you were in India when' It hap pened, and knew all about it, I suppose,' replied the other. ' It was a rather ugly story, I believe, but I never heard the details.' 'I was in Baddeley's regiment when she came to India with him,' said the other. 'She had not been married six months, and was about the loveliest woman lever saw in my life. As han/some as Mrs. Belfield is now, that splendid Irish beauty, which is unsurpassablo while it lasts, great grey yeao with black lashes, a complexion of lilies and earnations, form and colour alike lovely and luxuriant, a woman who makes every .ad in the stret stop ll all eape to look at her. She startled us at our hill estation, I can toll you, and the Baddeley madness raged thereall that season Ihks hydrophobia. (One of our man, a poor little lieutenant, a mere lad, Lord Bromplon's son, took the disease very badly. What was sport for us was death to him. tie fell madly in love with his Major's wife, and hung about her and followed her about in a distracted, des pairing way that would have been laughable had it not verged upon the tragio.' ' Did shbe encourage him !' 'Of oJurse she did. He was a swell, and he had lots of money. She nick-named him Baby, talked of him as a " nice boy," and before long he was known everywhere as' Mrs. Baddeley's Baby. He didn't seem to mind people laughing at him. We went to Caloutta later on, and there were balls and all sorts of high jioks going on, and Mrs. Buddeley was the belle of the place, and everybody, from the Governor-General down wards, was avowedly in love with her. Poor young Stroud hung on to her, and was savage with every man she spoke to. One night, a the Governor-General's ball, ahe came out into a blaze of diamonds. One of us chalfed the .Major about his : wife's jewellery ; but he toots it as easily as possible. She had hired them from Faoet, the great Calcutta jeweller, he told us, "I suppose I shall have to pay pretty stiflly for the nun of them," he esaid, "but if she likes to out a dash In borrowed plumes, I can't complain. It'll be a deuced long time I'm afraid before sho'll be able to show a diamond nocklace of her own."' The speaker stopped to light a fresh cigarette, and then went on lazily, dropping out his sentonoces between puffs of tobacco, SBaddeley is a big, good-natured, self indulgent ass, but I don t know that he's anything more than that. We all laughed at his story of the hired diamonds, and nix months afterwards when young Slroud broke for six.and- twenty thousand, most ol it money borrowed from Calcutta Jews, we all knew that Mrs. Baddeley's diamonds oounted for something, and Mrs. Baddoloy's little caprices for something more in the lad's entanglements. We were all very sorry for him. Brompton was said to be a martinet, and the young man wont about Calcutta looking as white as a ghost for a week or two, while he was trying to make terms with hie creditors. Then one morning in barracke shere was a great soare. Young Stroud had shot himself hall an hour after morning parade. iHe had loft two letters an his tahli. one addressed to hie father, tho other to Mrs. Badd, ley.' l How did the lady take it ?' 'I suppose she was rather sorry, She never showed horself in Calcutta after the catastrophe. The regimental doctor went to soo her every day, and the Major told overy. one that she was laid up with low leover, and that the climate was hilling her. She went back to England a month or so after Serouu's death, and she carried the spoils of war with her and has worn them over since.' 'And you think the younger sistor is as bad?' said the other man thoughtfully. There was no malevolence in either of them. They were only discussing one of the problems of modern soviety. ' I don't know about that. I believe she has more heart than Mrs. Baddeley; and that she is over head and cars in love with . Austell. They have been carrying on all the season, and I wonder they haven't bolted before now.' 'My dear fellow, nobody bolts nowadays. Elopements are out of fashion. There Is nothing forther from the thoughts of a modern seducer than a romnge. The days of of posetaaises and Italian villas are over. We love and we ride away, St. Austell is a man of the world, and a man of the time. Hero we are, old chap. My trap is to meet us here.' They took ep their stioks, hate, and over eoats, and left the carriage before Valentino Bolfield's brain had recovered from the habok of a sodden revelation. He started to his feet as they went out, called out to the man he knew, followed to the door just as the porter slammed it, and the, train moved on. He hardly know what he meant to do. Whether he would have called the slanderer to account, eaned him, challonged him. Hlie stood by the door of the swiftly moving carriage, dazed, bewildered renalling that idle talk he had overheard from the darkness of his eorner yonder, wondering how much or how little truth there was in it all. About Mrs. Baddoloy, hise wife's sistor ? Well, there might be some foundation for ecandal there, perhaps. He hadlong known that showas a coquetteo, and a clever coquotte who know how to lead heradmirers on, and how to keep them at bay. tie knew tha?? Beenbing had ministered pretty freely to the lady's capricos; and he bad always looked upon Se. Austoll as the lady's favoured admirer, and the man for whom she was in some danuger of compromising herrolf. The story of young Stroud's futile passion for his Major's wife, and of costly jewellery given ata time when Lord Brompton's heir was already deeply in debt, was not altogether new to him. He had hoard some vague hints in the past; but men had been shy ot alluding to that old story in his presence, He had known that his sister.ren-law had been talked about; but no man had ever dared to insinuate that she was anychieg worso than a clever woman, and perfectly capable of taking care of herself. I back Mrs. Baddelay and her poodle against Luaretia and her dagger,' he had heard a stranger say one night in the club omokingroom, and it had seemed to his s?omewhat oynical temper that his wife aould not be safelor than with a thoroughly worldly woman, a woman wbo know every knot and ravelled and In the ' sPamy side' of pnoiety. But St. Austell his wife's admirer l They two head over ears in love with reach other I Never for one instant had such a poesibili:y dawned upon; and yet those wo men had Islked as if that mutual passion were an restabllshabcd fact, known to all the world, exoept to him, Ihe deluded hurband. Helen, his Heolen I The wife who had latiated him with sweetness, whoso devotion had cloyed, whoso fondness had been almost a burden. That she should play him faInle, that she should care for any other man on earth. No, he could nat believe it. B o?soor two foole in a railway carrisge chose to tell lies, was lie to thiik that the woman who bad counted the world well loset for love of him had turned tricketer and traitress and was carrying on with another man. St. Austell, a notorions rake-a man who had the reputation of being fatal is hie fluaence over women. The man had seemed safe enough so long as he had thought of him only as Mra. Boddoleya' lover; but with his suepiolono newly aroused, Valentine Belfield looked beook at the history of the last low months and saw all things In a noeR light. IHe remembered how in all Mrs. Baddeley's festivities--a Hurliogham, RHnelagh, or S ndown; water parties at Henloy or sarlow; Sunday dinners at Riohmond; at Greenwich--St. Austell had always been one of the party. Be?ouuog and St. Austell had always been at hand. Whoever elso was included, those two were in evitable. He had reokoned them both as Leonora's devotees ; they were the pair which she drove in her car of triumph, like Venue's doves or Juno's peacooks. One posseesed her heart, and ruled her life; the other was her purse bearer. Knowing all this, or believing this, he had yet beenoontent that his wife should go everywhere under her eloter's wing. The arrangement relieved him of all trouble, and Helen seemed happy. People complimented him upon his wife's beauty, and he accepted their praises an a kind of tribute to himself; pleased to chow the world how careless lhe could afford to be about a wife whom every body adored, saeore in his unbounded dominion over her, able to neglect her if he hoOse, and yet to defy all rivalry. 