In Search of a Wife. CHAPTER I.--(Contitued.) The Marquis was a handsome man, with a truly aristocratic cast of features. He was fifty-five years of age, according to Debrett, and he looked remarkably well, considering the life that he had led. Thirty years ago, when Standish was beginning life, as we have seen, under a skylight,. down that grimy turning out of Chancery Lane, my lord was one of the handsomest and most magnificent young bucks to be met with in Bond-street; and, if the truth must be told, one of the wildest. He was a friend of the ' Golden Ball,' and of all that clique, but he was too fast for any of them. Everybody knows how he staked at ecarto, and lost at a sitting that magnificent estate of his at Fatlands, in Shropshire; and who has not heard of the story of his being arrested for debt at the church door in Hanover Square, when he married the celebrated Miss Brass, of the old Olympic. Theatre, then under the management of charming Madame Vestris ? My lord once pointed out the very spot at the ' Wellington,' where, when it was Crockford's, he was going to blow out his brains, after that little loss above alluded to; and would have done so, had not Captain Johnstone, who was there, snatched the pistol from his hand, and flinging it out of the window into St. James's Street, persuaded him, after a litttle trouble, to accompany him to supper at the house of another noble lord, where they were to meet some of the -choicest spirits, and hear Tom Moore sing some of his choicest songs. And so he did go and sup, and didn't blow his brains out upon that occasion. But the Marquis was now very poor, and stood sorely in need of a little ready money, and that is why he cultivated the acquaintance of Chris topher Standish, of Portman Square. 'Whom do you expect to-night ?' askedEasthampton, presentlybreaking the silence. ' Most of them you have met before, replied his companion. ' Tram, the railway man; and Sir Benjamin lidd, one of the directors that is to be of the company I spoke to you about. You've seen them before, I think.' ' Yes; I know them.' 'Lord Harkaway and the Honour able Charley Tares.' ' To be sure, I have met them here. Are there no strangers ?' 'One, my lord - a foreigner, I should like you to make the acquaintance of. The very person for that little matter I spoke to you about.' 'Is he rich, then ?' ' Rich and titled. He's a prince in his own country; and it is a country where there's money, too---Jiussia.' ' Indeed.!. And what is his name?' 'Devitzky, they call him. He had some capital lying idle, and came to me for my advice. I submitted our plan to his notice.' Will he join us.?'. '(.ery likely; his name is worth having.' 'Certainly-- certainly! Arid .these are all you expect ?' ' Yes-no, by the way. There is another I had nearly forgotten.' As he spoke, Standish threw a side long look upon the Marquis, under neath 'his bushy eyebrows, and a malicious smile played about the corners of his mouth. As he paused, the other looked up. ' Who is he ?' the Marquis asked. 'A nice fellow enough. Good family, and all that. Has lived all of his life abroad until now.' ' How old is he, then ?' ' Oh, he's a mere lad, foi .that matter. Barely twenty-three, I should think. Perhaps younger.' 'Where has he lived?' 'In Rome.' ' Rome, eh ? I should like to sit next to him at dinner, if you can manage it." I know some people there, whom I wish to askhim some questions about.'. ' Your future son-in-law lives there, does he not ?' 'Ye-es,' replied the Marquis, with some hesitation. 'Thought so,' observed Standish, with a low, cunning chuckle. ' Quite right- quite right. You'll have an opportunfity of learning all about the young gentleman. You know the vulgar saying about buying a pig in a poke ?' Ho ! he ! Quite right, and very sly of you.' The Marquis's face flushed crimson, and he would probably have made some rejoinder had not the door at that moment opened, and the entrance of two of the guests interrupted the conversation. They were Lord Harkaway and the Honourable Charley Tares, two young men of fashion, with slender purses. Harkaway was in the Guards, and Tares had been recently in a dragoon roegiment, but had been tried by court martial and dismissed the service, for riotous conduct unbecoming in an officer and a gentleman. He was at present a man about town, but was thinking of going into the Church. These two gentlemen wore quickly followed by Mr. Tram and Sir Benja min Kidd; and scarcely had they ar rived, when a loud thundering double knock announced the advent of his Highaesh the Prince Devitzky. Th'e guests seemed determined to make up. for lost time. Thoy had all arrived, with one exception-that of Mr. Basil Craven, the young gentle man next to whom the Marquis of Easthampton had desired to be placed at the dinner table. The mantelpiece clock now marked five minutes past eight. The servant had announced that dinner was served. 'Are we waiting for anyone, Stan dish ?' Sir Joshua Slope inquired. ' Yes,' the host replied, with an im patient gesture; ' but we will wait no longer.' And the party proceeded down to the dining-room. ' Who is the delinquent?' asked Lord Harkaway, stroking his mous tache. 'A young friend of mine-Mr. Basil Craven.' 'Any relation to the Cravens in Wiltshire ?' 'I think not.' '.There was a man of -that-name in the 46th,'. drawled the Honourablo Charley Tares. 'Shocking cad, by the way, and used to eat fish with his knife. Yes, he did, by Jovo !' The young gentleman evidently thought it a most humorous an'cedte, and one worthy of repetition, for he retailed it again to Mr. Tram, who he thought might not have heard it; and the railway man, happy to have. an opportunity of conciliating the youth ful patrician, laughed a hoarse laugh, and said, 'You don't say so, sir! What a savage i' But evidently the Prince Devitzky did not appreciate the story. He coloured up to the roots of his closely cropped hair, and his large ears grew positively crimson; for at the moment that the other spoke, he was using his own knife like a spoon, and half swallowing it at every mouthful. The Marquis, who had been eyeing him narrowly, smiled sarcastically at Harkaway, who marked his recog nition of the incident by a slight ele vation of his eyebrows. Just then Mr. Basil Craven was announced. He was a tall and strikingly hand some young man, with an air of ease and composure, without any over assurance or apparent striving after effect, which in so young a man-for he could have been little more than twenty-two-was very unusual. His manners, too, were extremely agreeable, and his conversation fas cinating; and before he . had been seated many minutes, he had, by a few graceful phrases, entirely dissi pated the slight air of constraint which his entrance had thrown upon the company. The dinner proceeded slowly. It was solemn and grand. The solemn footmen glided about behind the chairs like ghosts in livery, noiselessly removed plates, gathered knives and 'forks without a jingle, filed wine- glasses without a chink, and cracked phantom.jokes in the faintest under-tone at the side table. • The gold and silver upon the rich man's board was quite a show. ". The dishes were faultlessly cooked and served--the wine costly and old. The whole entertainment was heavily im pressive, and the guests could not fail to be imbued with a crushing sense of Christopher Standish's wealth, and savagely envious of his good fortune. Meanwhile the Marquis had been carrying on an animated and deeply interesting conversation with his next door neighbour. .' Standish tells me that you have been to Rome,' the Marquis said. ' Yes, I have lived there for some years.'. ' You must, then, know everybody ?' ' Not quite.' ' I mean, of courso, everybody in society.' ' To be sure.' • ' Do you know Albany--young Lord .Albany ?' Basil Craven, who; since the,'con versation had taken the direction of Rome, had suddenly become less com municative, replied briefly that he had met his lordship once or twice. 'Indeed!' pursued the Marquis, with a great show of interest. ' Is he a friend of yours ?' 'No.' ' A very agreeable young man, though, I believe. Extremely amiable -prudent- well-behaved ?' Craven laughed. 'Is it not so ?' the Marquis asked,', looking at him anxiously.:.. 'I know so little about him, my lord,' tho. other replied,. with hesita-' tion. 'I have only heard-that 'is, there are rumours-' ' Rumnours! Good gracious! what rumours ? Has he not just succeeded. to one of the richest properties in England ? Does he not bear one of the proudest titles ?' ' YoAl must excuse me, my lord, if I decline to repeat any scandal, which may be current in Rome to his dis credit, but which, after all, may be totally untrue.' • Certainly-certainly !' said the Marquis, affecting to laugh, and, changing his tactics. 'Young imen will be young mon. You are / quite right not to tell tales out of school; besides, not to me, you know,, above all.' SWhy not to you, my lord.?' 'Why, you know very well that Albany is going to marry my daugh ter, the Lady Laura Keith?'' ' To be sure,' Basil Cravoii replied,: blushing faintly. "I beg a hundred' pardons for what I have already said. I remember now that I heard the re port.' ' Well, well, there is' no harm done, sir. If you and Albany 'are not chums, that will not, I .hope, prevent' you from being my friend., May. I hope to see you down at.Wasteacies ?' I am going there for a week.;-will you come with me ? I start to-mor row. What do you say?' `'The younig man bowed and smiled, Iut seermed to hesitate. Come, come !-if you have no other engagement. There! it is settled. Come and dine with me to- morrow night at Whito's Club; and we will go down by the ten o'clock express.' Before the young. man had time ..to offer his thanks for the Marquis's kindness, the company had risen from the table, and were leaving the room to go up-stairs for coffee. The Marquis for some time had no other opportunity of speaking to his young friend; for he (the Marquis) was shortly engaged in an earnest conversation with the Russian Prince upon affairs financial. Thn clhief object for whicn Standish had given the dimIer was to introduce the Marquis to his Highness; and the former, with ready tact, soon ingrati ated himself with the foreigner. He was a curious sort of man, this Prince I vulgar and ill-bred; undoubt edly, as we have seen in that little incident of the knife-at least, accord ing to English notions; but then, the Marquis argued to himself, these Russians are so strange, so. noisy, so 'demonstrative, so uncouth. Perhaps, after all, these little offences against etiquette might not be' so many proofs of his want of breeding. At any rate, he had mixed with; the best society abroad; and here, in our own more exclusive land, he had been presented at Court by no less a personage than theDuke of Middlesex. His Highness was not, according to our English notions, an aristocratic looking man; for he was enoihmously fat, and his great cheeks, hanging down on either side, gave him some thing of the appearance of a prize pig; but he was by no means a heavy, sleepy person, as you might have supposed; on the contrary, he was remarkably voluble and fluent in con versation, talking French and German, .and Italian and English, with equal ease; and he was, apparently, well informed upon almost every topic of interest that was broached during the dinner. Now he was talking about money; and, gradually, nearly all the guests present became mixed up in the con versation. The new company which Standish proposed to organize came upon the tapis; and plans and pros pectuses innumerable were discussed. Only one person present seemed to be uninterested by the subjects en grossing the rest. This was Basil Craven. He, on the contrary, lounged care lessly about the room, examining the pictures and articles of vertil, and occasionally yawning as though he were profoundly fatigued. ' Our young friend does not join us,' the Marquis whispered to Standish, point'in to Craver. 'No,' the other replied; 'he is useless for our purpose; he is as poor as a church-mouse.' 'Oh, indeed !' the Marquis remarked, with acn almost imperceptible grimruuu. '"" You've asked him to visit you, I believe?' said Standish. ' Yes, I have. I had a.motive.' ' He's of goobd family, you know, if he has no money, and he's a bachelor,' the host said, with a snigger. ' I do not understand you, s?ir!. replied the Marquis, haughtily, as he turned upon his heel. I like these proud paupers !' the little man said, with' a leei.' " Ilike tI watch their poor little paltry tricks, and the trouble they take to hide them. As if I did not know that the great object of Easterhampton's life is to get his two daugh'ters off his hands, and make something out of their husbands ! Bah ! These aristocrats are much the same as us, common people, after all! Ours is the retail trade, and theirs the wholesale !' But however true Mr. Standish's remarks might have been when other -wise, applied, in this instance they appeared to be entirely wrong; for the Marquis was even more .polite to his- young friend than he had been previous to hearing of Basil Craven's poverty. ' Are you going away ?' the Marquis asked.::: 'It is very tiresome here to 'night"-don't you think so ?' Yes; and it is getting late.' '? My cab is. at the door,' said the elder man; ',I am going to Covent Gairden, Can I' set you down any where ?' Mr. Basil Craven said that, curiously enough, Covent Garden was his destination; and they consequently departed together. The Marquis had previously invited the Russian Prince to come and see him at his country house in the course of the next few. days; an invitation which the Prince had graciously accepted. (To eo continued.) 