PINS. 'i , Ctr» grano sotte. TitE Sydney Daily Telegraph is un tn itB feel: in (motlier agony. The Butti Difsstir '«s worth thnusaands ; the Feat's Ferry ca Ístrophe, hundreds of thousands, hut the Medics! Qunoks " exposure worth a million i w n. Ï have read all the evidence ns re ined Sn the Telegraph, and I note the evi ij:nt relish the ediioi ha« in his work af ex wiine: such men as "Dr." Fawcett, Moore, Ulbert and Bottrell, Selby, end a lot of other :>! lows, If tits Telegraph and the faculty or t-inc think they have scored a bis seo« ff ''te quacks, in the public mind, I for one elieve they'll find their mistake out. It is cns© of payment by results-a principle lil di some of oureduoation theorists attempt . damn but which they cannot succeed in oin;;. That some of thfse perenna are horougb- pneed scoundrels I am willing to elieve-just ns I .un, that a very large per entnge of certificated medical men are the ?realest shams and liumbutrs utihunt; ; but hat manv of these men have been public lenefnetors cannot be denied. When men ike Moore, the homOBopathist, hus practised ot 29 years and never a death recorded ' igaínst íiim, it is a pretty safe thing to stiy bat thosp 29 years have not been without j tetrte benefit to the public ; so also with ' Dr." Fawcett the much advertised nc- j touchettr-and I guarantee there »re hundreds <f women who look upon bim os their nvioui -and, no doubt, be deserves the con îdence placed in him. It seems to me that lis more of the medical fraternity is 6Ímpty > '* protective " muvr-not to protect the JU Mic, but themselves ns a guild ; and when hey have finished of the " quacks " they »ill Öfen proceed to take the bread out t.f lie mouths of hundreds or competent chemists ind druggists and apotbecnrirB, who have lone mote good for humanity than the »hole bilen' nf doctors put together. Many il these certificated, diplomaed men, are the nnst ignorant and brutal men under the sun ; ind if they do not understand the nature af a person's complaint, they forthwith pro bed to moke a living subject of their patient upon which to experiment-that this is o fact there is abundant evidence to prove, rims. Dr. Creed's pet» have only to pet a fitrfe education 5 hear a few lectures, know something of anatomy, the materia medica »nd its precious little a lot of them know ibout that-cut up something or ether, and then, they may be shipped off to the colonies is medical men ; whereas, a man may devote rears of close study to a cprcifio complaint, sud finally understand it thoroughly, and yet be treated ns a quack, because he cannot answer a few technical questions hy rote like a schoolboy, or «lits a prescription in dos latin. When a quack, either herbalist or homoeopath, kills anybody all the world knows it, and he is laid by the heels ; but «hen a certificated quack kills a subject no. body is any the wiser ; for metnbeis nf the guild do not generally tell tales out of school. ( should like a select committee of members of the Assembly to sit and screw evidence ont of a number of witnesses to discover how many poor wemen in child-birth have keen done to death by bibilnue butchers of the certificated ones ; and how manv sound lege and arms had been fopped off for the sske of a little practice. These would be in» (erecting disclosures for «he Baily Telegraph to work up into sensational articles. A few years ago. the Ailnp.iths tried their level best to damn the H ?moe ipaths, but since the heretics have broome str ing, founded their own schools, aud issue their own diplomas, they fraternise with their old ftes-and both wire in at the apothecary and the quack. By what process of intuition or perception either allopath or homcsopath run find out the sent of pain in my body without my telling him I nm at ti loss to conceive. Then, how must it fare with children, who, poor things, csnnjt give the *' cue" to the practitioner. Why, it has been alleged that fully a fourth of the mortality ol the civilised world takes place under the «go of two. We all know how me dic tl men set their fans against simple cures -notwithstanding that the highest au thorities have extolled some of the weilknown patent medicines- Holloway's «¡nttnen* and pill* to wit ; and although some years ago a gentleman of Victoria dittcvered an almost infallible remedy for dipiberis, the doctors save it the greatest opposition; and to-day thousands of children die of this terrible di sea«e that ought to he saved. I can un derstand, and admire, a really derer su-genn removing a disrated or injured ptrt-I wirti more of these bad the skill an 1 serve tn do more in this line than they do ; but there are such a lot of ignorant bunglers that it cost a sm.tll fortune tn obtain the services of a really grind ma"' What I contend fer is this, let the public employ whom they please, and sn I mf ss these quarks d') ant resort to mal practices-from which, by the bye, the re etstered fraternity are not innncrnt of-let them live. I know . Int nbnut medical men; .bout their operations upon women, and their catting sud hacking the bodv Bbotit in search of something thev do «ot under stand. I know of a case occuring on a gold field in tl.-ia colony, by which a strong healthy, young married woman wis cruelly done to death by a registered medical man, who lind nctunlly consulted with a man who was called »he " Feter Doctor," and who had pulled hundreds through, thouah in the case I refer to had been cslled in too late. In the consultation referred to, this mun told the doctor that hts treatment would kill the \rr.mnn- " and," said he, " if you persist in it I leave the eise entirely in your hands." Tit« woman's husband believed in the certi ficated matt: tn 3 or 4 hours afterwards bis I wife was dead. I was ptesent at this woman's death, and when 1 told the doctor she was dying, be laughed in ni y face, and your As modpus fo'd him h* was a dnutile distilled ass. I have no objection to a Medical Bill. OT a Medical Board that will honestly do its duty, and vrred out the incapables that are now dotting about all over the colony picking np information which they ought to have learnt s'imrirhere else. Certainly, a doctor, like other men, should gather know ledge ss he goes ; but, I am afraid that U not so much their object as gathering dibs. A docti r's profusion in never lesrnt ; ho should br a student to thc end of bis d^ys ; and iel but btw pt ove himself a good man, and ba viii not require a protective en vironment to preserve Wm from either quacks or ajjoihecaties. Happih poor ol4.H6cotch Mary " is in heaven-at least, I hope she j is-so (hat they cjnm.t drag her forth at a witness against herself-though, ne doubt, ' tiley would do so were she alive. This oM wnmaii \v;is lo ail intents .'iud purposes a be nefactress lo her kind t and it was a matter of in'iifferencfi to those she cureri u iiero 'he ohUined her kiwwledge mid skill. B it uti ' ill ili we sav ol thone doctors who Irnl ilium selves M> simply to Yankee healing fin;¡í* Ten pounds a vreek for a few hour« a d y, and keeping one's mou'.U shut, ¡it not » dad s?rew-even fura dipintnird getit'emnti. Cer tainly, one of them smelled B rat at 'll,' end of 8 months, and felt his dignity had been in sulted; yet, -lhere was an>it'.ier reg¡Aier.%-i gentleman ready to carry on the work -and did so for 9 years-during which he never discovered anything wrong, though in's evi dence is ccruinly " chresey," to say llie least of it. What f say it> this, iel Hit state promptly s'ep in whon wrong is done, and punish the offender, no matter whether he be certifie >ted or not. L t n man pie scribe for a member of his own family .- <rl death ensue, see what the result will bc roai'Klaujr'iter to s certainty ; but let a den b occur white under medical treatment, a.-d see tin! difference :-the d oct ur eives n ccr tifíente of Heal h, aud there's an end on't. One half the coinner'e inquests are lurer«; the doctor tn.tkes his statement, and the jury return s verdict accordingly ; how can they help it, they hive no means at their disposa! of contradicting what he assevera'es. Doctors nf old were grand old men-they were lioth students and philosophers; but to-diy I nm afraid, they are a« some other men, a very degenerate race. Dictator Parkes find he has brought a nest of architectural hornets about his ears with his stupid proposals for a State House and Mausoleum. He wants s magnificent structure of marble, granite and bronte, which would cost about half-a-mtllioti, for £150,000. Sir Henry has a few big idees left i.i his old noddle, but he i» no more able now than he was in the Empire days to run the gamut of the multiplication table. He wants to do something ntry big, but he has no money to do it with, and but little time to get it done. It's a lot of rot any» way, and the best idea I here heard of is Mr. Architect Sulman'*, though I must say, I don't like his design-the figure is right enough, but the buildings at the base are simply execrable, and only fit for vaults or a prison. That old crank, Ruskin, says that newspaper men have nothing to do with either art or religion-as it is out of their protenca ; yet, this second edition of Carlyle wiites upon every subject under the sun. As well say that an art critic, which he is, should nnt dabble in ordinary literary work. Any way, if Mr. Sulman would improve his base ment by making it less like a tomb ready to receive Sir Henry Parkes, and run his pedestal up another 100 feet, so as to make the summit of the statue 220 fret, it would lie something worth looking at, if useless in other respects-which it need net be. Dr. Barry is getting slops alt round. He offended the colonial aristocrats whoa speaking in London the other day,by re ferring ta their drinking and ether naughty habits. The Herald went for him straight, and published what he actually did say and which, in mv opinion, wss 'truth. - But th* bishop Won't hold to Iiis words, and is hacking ont of «hem in a very undignified manner. Now I notice t'other Doctor-Car dinal Meran, gets on to him for having re ferred to his church as standing aloof from other churches in good works. T ie cardinal says he called upon Dr. B irry to ask his association on the matter of education, but .he Anglicsn had not reciprocated. Anyhow, I am glad to hear from so compétent au thority as the Cardinal, that " The Roman Catholic Church did not identify itself with or favour any political doctrine or party. . ." " The Church,'* he tells us, " is wholly in. different to politics-excepting where the in terests af faith and morality are imperilled." 1 am glad to hear this ; browse it has not always been so. Anyway, there is some hope nf the regeneration of mankind when sn big and powerful a corporation as the Church whose motto is Semper eadem has dropped politic«. I wes afraid, from «ll «ra hare heard lately-both in Ireland and America-to tay nothing of Australia, that Leo was just as much up tn his neck in it at was Pin Mino, or any other pope of former day«, when Ult world was smaller than now, and the people more under spiritual sub* jection. At any rate, the acion of Pope Leo «n connection with Dr. M'G'ynn, appear« to me that politics is not altogether tbe dis carded artiole in the church. Dr. Moran would make us believe. There may be no more going tn Canosss, but when ecclesiastical pressure is brought to bear, even in so free a country as th« United State«, upon a priest because be preaches Lind Nationalisation, nnecmnot but think th«t tbe Church of Borne is just as much a political power as ever it was-although it msy aot have the «ame open facilities for making itself heard or feared. Cirdinnl Moran having been so I mueb taken up in his time with vere/ ancient history and legendary love, has forgotten : mai be, the thtee hundred »eirs of darkness which reigned in Europe during the period of the middle ages-when th* pope«' worked the kings and princes of Europe as if they weie I puppet«; kept them pretty well al wayo at war with each other-siding first with one then the other just as it suited tb« interests of Mother Church. D.m't talk politics, Car dinal, for when you do the past rises np be« fore you like the ghosts of BanqUo and Dun can did helore Macbeth, S"me time ago, the Express, or the Kation, I forget which, was pleased to discredit the cablegram that told us Father M'Glynn was excomuumcatrd.snd ventured to say that this " high spirited priest " would see the error of hts ways, and submit to discipline. But it has turned oui curre ct that Ur. M'Glynn was excommuni cate!!, and that he ia still " a high spirited pri»«t "-too hiïh spirited for Rome, inas much as he believes that the rights of humanity are superior to the canons of hil church-oral least, the P..pe. Dr. M'O vnn grips Henry George by the hand, and the two together wi!] make monopoly shake at the next cnngretsinnal elections. We heat priests in nunib/r ruing OM r to Protestantin» -il wh it the heretics s-iy be true -but il is refreshing indeed lo find II son of the Church going over to so fir gone a cause as thit which demands ilmt the lund of a country shall belong tu tbe people collectively instead of mdiriduals. As Professor Huxley says, il the spread of tree libraries throughout tbe wor.r! will only produce out of all thc mil 'ions un earth, (ottr or fi'e hitihly ' in riilfc [lies »hey wi'l h»*« ripait] back all il ey c >ft. Dr. M'Oljrntl, I imagine, j lc. Iv cnn rf th-¡wrt -g. man ««<? cnn ritii- ?'!Tijri.)V 'i> ci'iirc': *» creel, ar \ I ke I>!;:i iv.;i i»-i'ï (íe>r¡í i «Bli Brartltatli, enn cenlr.n<s nil t> eir jiewe*» npo¡! (he »me sn":f nbji'tf, »¡I« eîav^ioo of the hu maa AcMODEU». ^ 