WOTicfctomiMr i AND TIMES. : Paltllslied Wednendnjs Mid SaturdajB. S^TfJRDAY. OcroDEB 8, 1887. ^ARWICKTOTHANE'S CRESS RAILWAY <jhi« 4districrWiltreftd the discussion wnicn took place in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday night last, on the postponement of the Warwick ana Thane's Creek Railway, without noting the feeling of regret there was at the delays which have Occurred on' this subject. Our local menibers wiete perfectly justified in the course they took. They eafeh and alt spoke out manly and boldly. They simply echoed the feeling which prevails through out this district, and however dis tasteful the truth may be at times, what they said was the truth. They were justified in forcing the Govern ment hand. ' The Redistribution Bill may be ah all-important matter in the eyes of the Premier, but it is i not so in some of the country dis I tracts, and as tar as this end of the colony is concerned, the residents [ trust it will hot be passed in its pre sent form. Thej would prefer (o see the railway pplicy of the Government carried but before Bach a' measure is dealt with. It is simply wearisome to live on promises, as we have been doing for the last few years. If the via recta and St. George line were riot required, why should they have been allowed to be in cluded in a railway policy, to be included in a loan, and to be dangled before the people's eyes for five years.. We trust the local members will, not cease in their efforts to have a decision—favourable if pos sible—but in any case a decision, io order that they may know who are their friends, and whether the long talked-of promises have been genuine, or only, baits to keep those members hanging on to the tails of a party. The iron hand of the Premier was I also displayed in a remarkable man jaer daring the discussion, and we are sure the residents of this district will be glad to see that their repre sentatives were not cowed with the half-uttered threats of farther post ponements. It would be useless at this stage to use argument in favour of the lines. The subject has been threshed out over and over again. The grounds for aaking for a border litie have re peatedly been admitted to be -strand, and, as for the via tacta, it is a national work which none but a Toowoombaite would deny the colony of. We had intended to give to each of bur subscribers, with this issue, a copy of Hansard, detaining <jie de bate at length. We ordered them on Wednesday morning, but up to last night received neither reply nor no tinmion regarding them. In the absence of Hansard viz give the fol lowing condensed report of (he de bate:— lit. Dsjrroir would postpone til /Aotiotn foritbs<«mmer*tioa in ctamittot of ths South Briibsue and W»r»lok to rhtne'a 0reelt,rfil»r»rpla9l until next ds^. Mr. Ktcka'uM: 'Mr. SpesW,—I do not understand tbsse oondlMrt postponement*. This U part of • nsUonil rmil««j JnrOitai»Bd four years sgo ; raonerbss been TOttd lorit/snd it.wu puupd hf IfciiHbnia. Intjear;" bat by time unfqrtuusW misUVe it mi lost in the other Chamber. ■ The hte Mioliter for Werkt, Mr. )£U«s, jnpobid djstinotlj to bfini thli.line M>in before lbs House as •oonuPulumiot net. B&fl; iiaot bMa for hisaafortunrtsfllnettit would hsrt bMn iottbdnced here luf Jdlj. A fortnight sg6 t asked tlis Premier >tb let us too* when this line would be Introduced, knJ be s^id in k week—Jbat would be lut yreA.. Ifc Was intnaduoed, end' toe dissuasion on it fixed for yeiterdsy, when it vts po«t ptmed till to-day, And «6w it is to he post poned ngsin. I should like to know when these postponement* will terminate. It u reiy Jikelyth»t the eoaaion will not Uat very long, and it muit , b* remembered that sftor paaaing thia Chamber it bat to ro to the other Obaraler, and Ibat the other Chamber baa to appoint s select committee to Inquire into the meriU of the Hop. That will taVe a lot of time again, and by (bat time the Par'i»ment trill slate. I should like to know from the Government—I now apeak more in lorro* than in anger—what they intend to do. If they do noCwabtogo on whb tbe line, let them tell n« at cnoe, and we shall kniw what to do. I pm one of thoae noaea timing quiet membsra who never aay mnob, and never trouble the Government much.; if we bad bnllied ud worried llkehon. members on the other aide, very likely .this matter would have advanoed very moot) farther.' Let tbe Government say why it ehonld be postponed day after day. J want to know from the Qoverntaent why tht« (lail j postponement should take place, and I •ball oonomde by moving the adjournment of the Bouse.. Ikootr that my constitneots are beoooing inpatient; and I believe that the Government seed not be afraid' or ashamed of tbie line. Thla ia a line, as I s»id before, em bracing agricultural and mineral country. It it-only from Warwick to Thane's Creek, a diataace of twenty-live miles. I shall ask the qaeatioD, When does the Government intend to bring this line before the Honse in real earneit? When ,are these postponemenU going to stop! The Pabhikb aaid : Mr. Speaker,—I must claim for the Government the right to oontrol their own business in (hit House, and relate to have any member insisting that a matter in whfoh he takes a particular interest should take precedence of all other bsiioeu. If the Government are not fit to perform the function of determining In what order to bring In their oirn baainasi they are certainly not fit to hold offioe. If any hon. member thinka we oanno be trusted to uy in what erder we (hall go on !; -j v- ■ ■ with our bosineas letUm more a resolution to thatijffeot, Mid if 1m carty It, effect will be gives to it immediatdp. I may say, air, that I attaob very great importance to llie llpe of railway to whlsh the boa, member bn referred, but I attach mora Importance to tbe meseure now befor#ihe Bonn—the Redistri bution Bill. It bu been called for by the whole country. Hon. Mrmbkbs : No. The Fbeuieb : I Bay it hai been sailed for by tbe whole country, and by both aides of the Home. ■ Hon, Mkmbibe : No. Hear, bear I The Proiikb i It was brought in in pursu ance of ae distinct a pledge a> was evgr given by a Government to any Parliament. Mr. Footb : No. The Pbemike : The hon. member for Bun danba is not Parliament, although be doea ooou py a targe apace in his own estimation, Kow, sir, everybody who knows anythiog at all about a Redistribution Bill knows that it takes a consi derable time, even after the House has deoided exaotly wbat it is going to be, before tbe Bill oan finally pass, Snpposinc we were to agree to-day to»U tbe electorates end tbeoumberof member* In mob one, tbe J3U1 could not possibly leare this Home for too or, throe weeks i everybody knows Jhat. Every Bill of tbe kind that I know of has been recommitted two or three timet; the Bill of 1872 waa recommitted o*er and over again. la any owe, 'apposing there were no more than the neoesaary recommittals for mere formal alteration*, it would be quite impossible for that Bill to lea»e here for ft i fortnight, and that would bring ua well up to the end of thia month. Then it hai to paas through another Home, end after that the eleolore'rolls hare to be ptepsred, which will take a conaiderable time, and it ia rtrj Impor tant that the eleotiona in the new electorate! should take plaoe at the earliest poatible dtte. I therefore do not feel justified in keeping back a metaute of tbat kino for something like a week in order to bring forward a looal matter, of however great importance to the locality in terested. That ia the reason why it waa not gone on with yesterday, and so I told the hon. member himself. I hoped it might hare oome ontj^dajt bat 1 am nnable to lay when It will oome on. It will come on at'the earliest oon reoient opportunity. The Oorernment are sincere in adrocatins it. and the hon. member doea not unit hii own came bj continual]/ anggeitiog the ineinoerity of the Government. Mr. Footi aaid: Mr. Bpeaker,—The boo. gentleman eaya that the motiona on the paper have been poatponed in consequence of the Redistribution Bill being called for by allparta of the' Honae. That ia a iUtement to wbioh I take objection. I am not aware that it haa been called for by any part of the Houee, and I do not believe itba« been isked for. I know that the Premier nude a promiae in that direction, but he ,teade that promiae without tbe meaaure being aeked for. The hon. gentle man ia fery fond of legielation and of plaoing meaanrea on tbe Statute-book, and he has brought forward a very elaborate Redfatribn tion Bill—a Bill whioh at thia ataga of the oolony'a exiatence ia by no means neoeeiary. He aaya the member for Bundanba ia not Parliament. I would alio remind him that the Premier it not Parliament. The bon. gentleman may be Premier and director of the Honae eo long aa he holda that office, but he ia by no meana Parliament Ha ia (imply one member, and a very important one in the office he, now ooonpjes, bnt he may not bold that office any longer than I hold my position aa member for Bnodanba. He may be in another part of the Houee and no longer able t* dioUte to thia Chamber in the maoner he haa done late! v. The Hon. G. Thobn laid : Mr. Speaker,— This eitension of the Warwick railway U a Tory important matter, and I wonder that the Warwick members have not foroed the hand of the Government long ago. We know very well that when the Redistribution Bill is passed Parliament is doomed. After that do other business oan take place constitutionally. That ia the practice in this and the other colonies; no other bnsiness should be touched after the passing of a Redistribution Bill, I hold that the Government should press on the construction of the railway into Melbourne street and the line from Warwick to Thane's Creek. I can tell the Warwiok members that the Government are only throwing dust in their eyes. I knew that yean ago, and I say that (be Government never intended to carry their railways through. Mr. Lumley Hill, Mr, Stevenson, and Mr. KeJlett also spoke. Mr. Allan said: Mr. Speaker,—I assisted, about live years ago, in getting a surrey of this line passed, and from that <Uy to this it has been a matter of great ooosequence to the people of that part of the oouutry that they should have that line gone oa with;- The money baa been voted and tbe surveys made for the line from. Warwick to Thane s Greek. I understood that the Minister far Works aaksdJe&ve; to postpone lib motion to approve of the plans, and that thehon. member for Darling Downs, Mr. Katei, wished thai the postponement should not be granted. I think it is right for the House not to postpone it. The, matter has been very much disousaed by the people of that part of the aountry. The railway will run through very good agricultural aountry, and also through good mineral land at Thane's Creek. Promises have been made to deputations earlier in the session, over and over again, and those piomises have been from time to time postponed until we are nearly tick of pressing for tbe performance of them. The Pbehier i If you do not like to take my word you can go without it. Do I under stand you to **y that I hare broken my word T Mr. Allan : No, I do pot say (hat j 1 say that we are sick of those eonstant postpone meats. Promises have been made from time to time that immediate action would be taken, and they have been eo often postponed that I am beginning to be siok of the whole thing. Mr. Ax "EAR said : Mr. Speaker,—The hen. member for Stanley, Mr. Kellett, has jost told the House that he has never heard that it is the wish of tbe people of this oolony to have a new Redistribution Bill Dtased. Ia answer to that 1 can only say that he bM notheard the wishes of a great many people. Wherever X bars travelled it seemed to be thoroughly understood that a Redistribution Bill was to be brought in this session. More especially was that the oase in Brisbane and throughout the popalons distriots of the' colony! and I think the Government are only doing their duty in' fulfilling the promise made to the nunnla tkMiiA hni 18 no douot that great inequalities exist at the present time in the repre sentation of the electors. I would ask the bon. member, for Darling Dontu to thick seriously of the question ha bas raised this evening, and if he dbei 1t* will aee that the Government are only Going their duty in gash ing on with the Redistribution Bill before pro ceeding with any railways, plans of which are on tbe labia at the present time. I would also ask the bon. member to oonsider his friends in this matter. I am one of his friends in the matter of this railway, and have no intentio 1 of deserting him. Bat that hon. member bn do right, 1 am certain, to get up and charge the Government vith insincerity. Up to the preient time they have oarried out their railway policy in all ainoerity, and I wa> tarry lo bear the hon. member Mr. Katis : 1 never charged the Govern ment with insiooerlty. The PftBuma : What did yon do, then ? Mr. Kates : I merely objected to theae con stant postponements. The Pbbmiee : For two days; from yester day. Mr. EateS : Bat very likely it will be post poned again to-morrow. The Pbkmieb: Very likely it will now. Mr. Anksibi Then, I a«k the hon. mem bur for Darling Downs not to be led away by tnoh a apeaah as that which we hare just heard from thi hon. member for Normanby. That hon. member sympathises with him to-day | where was his sympathy when the question came to a -vote last year 1 Where would it be now, if it again came to a vote f 0a would do as he did before, and both speak and vote against it, I ask the hon. member to leavo himself in the hands of his friends—of the friends who vote4>-.with biq> .Inform, and who will rote with htm again, Mr. VoBSAM aaidt Mr, Speaker, — The junior member for Cook (old the Home tbat be had' to (MtUin thes» lines. ft ia a i*rell knowh ,C*ctttat-th»l (eaUeqian im little faith1 in anything, human or dirine. Tlie but that1 be haa no faith in either of thrne lines ii no ^argttment,against them. The; mar, be Terj £<vtt litietf inttwiUMlandini that hdi.ol faith which ii ohkraoteristio oFthe man. ° He alio told the Home that theee notions wire-kept back w Ofder that thej might bp wed toooeroe the Darling Downs members to compel (ham to inpport the meuorea of the pYesent OoTern ment. Bat I will poiat out lo yon, air—al though yon are,, of oonne, well aware of it— that then very linea have been the caose of a sohism in the Government ranka, and that that ■ohism hu been the eauie—I aaaert it—of no definite notion being taken with regard to either 1 »f thpm. , The Fkekieb : It has not. Mr. Moboah ; That in mj opinion, Mr. 8pesker, and I hold to it notwithstanding the Premier's denial; and I assert that bad it not been for the personal opposition offered to these lines by the members for the Toowoomba electorates—members who are supposed to be Government supporters—one or both of those lines wonld hire been passed before to-day. That is my opinion, and all the surrounding cintuoitsooes warrant me in coming to that oonolasioa. We are told that this motion is to be postponed, in order that progress may be made i witbihe'Kedistribution of Seats Bill, I am quite prepared to eoneede that that ie an im portent measure, that it h»s been oalled for by the opantry, and that the Government are en titled to great credit for having produoed That1 I may term a just and equitable measure. But the position is this, Ur. Speaker: that if that meaflare once passes this House we may say good-by to the ohanee of any railway. HtMODBABLC ifcMBXtS l UO.' The Hon. G-. JThorw : I am eertaiu of it; thst hu tlmyt ham the oase, Uk» moboan i Although I'-am only a novioe in poftlieat L«m experienced enough to know that when onoe the House has given its silent to a measure of that nature there must be an end to business of any importance. That is a truism, an axiom of political life whioh oannot be dallied. This ie the position, thereforMhat we era in : If we allow the Radii [Titration of Seats Bill to beootne lew, we may gay good-by to onr railways.' The Premier «ay« the motion has onlyJbeen postponed for two days, because he does not want to delay an important meaiure like the Bsdistribotion of Seate Bill fof * Week. But thil railway qnestion might hars been die posed »f in tbe oaurae of a fe* boon' debate. The PkkkikB: Perhaps it might not have gone in the way you want it Mr. MoboAN : If it ig much longer delayed it will not, aa the hon. member for Faatifern pointed oot, stand tbe ghost of aehanoeof pas eing tbe other Chamber. It wag thrown oat there laet session, and I make no doubt the; will throw it ont again if it doea not reaoh them before the end of the aeaaiun, aa waa the oage last year. The boo. member for Stanley, Mr. Ksllett, told the House—and I daresay that what lie aaid waa perfectly correct—that he went up to tbe late aleotios for Warwick, aod told certain people there that be had bad a dis tinct promise from the Government tbat thoee liaet were going to be pasted. I hare no doubt that every word ot this is trae. Bat I may »ay thii—tad it wjll probably b« informa tion t* the Honte—that (He Government made no commhsioktton whatever to mt either on tbe subject of these railway* or on that of the election itself. They never gave me any en couragement at \U. In foot, I bellere, a pro minent member of tbe Government, of tbe tben Government, was led actually to believe that I Vat oomiog oht in the Opposition in terest, and be did not gire me the (lightest enoouragement. In foci I believe he made efforts to induoe men to come out in opposi tion to me, thinking I was a ifcllwraifhiui— an Oppositionist in disguise. I did notfo ont of my way to nniecsive him. I determined to enter Parliament to represent the views of the people of Warwiok. I wanted a free band, and I am very glad to eay that I got a free hand to a pretty considerable extent. I did not oome in here eimply undelegate to support ihe Government on oondition thattbey would make these railways; and, in reply to the charge that has been so frequently levelled against Warwick, I have simply to say Ibis: that the Warwick electorate has heen returning Liberal members for tbe laet seventeen or eighteen years. It was nothing new for tbem to return a Liberal mem ber at the last election, a few months ago. I think it is due to the people of Warwick that it ihouid be said hen—said publicly—that the charge it a base one, and reflects most on jnitlf upon a people who bare always bean faitbfal to one party, although I do not think I they hiT« got muoh in return for it. However,! that is not the point, Mr. 8pe*ker, What tbey got, or an likely to get, ii nut sufBolent to juatifF them in supporting any particular party; but I, M the member for tbat eonstituenoy, be tiering that these railway* are required—are really nccessary—enter my protest now for mally against these farther delays. Tbeae rail way) were included in the fanoua £l0,0i>0,000 Loan Act font yean ago j it they were not considered lines of importance (bey ought never to bare been plaoed there, and the faot' of their baring been plaoed there is presump*; tire eridenoe tbat Ibe Government regarded them «• lines that ought to be made, and they ought to hare lost no tim« in endeavouring to, get them paiBed. It is a notable fact, Sir. tipeiker, tbat every other line included in that Loan Bill bas eeoured the assent of both Houses of Parliament; and why bas exception been Blade in the caw of these two P Mr. AvtUAS : It ru not made by this Haute. Mr. Mokoah : It was sot made by this Honse, the hoo. member for Maryborough says. I grant that it was not. Mr. Luul«t Hill : Tbey only got through by a shave. Mr. Moboait : They only got through by a •have, another member nays, fiat * ihisi is m good as a mile, tad X repeat my Ooaviction that these railways have not received the as* sent o< both br&uohes; of the Legislature ie doe to the sohism in the ranks of the Government caused by the secession of yourself, Mr. Speaker, your colleague in tbe representation cf Toowoomba, and the hoo. member for Anbigny. That is my opinion ; and*', g% I siid befotre, vthinV thd surrounding 'tfcW afad nlr» oum'tances warrant me in arriving at that oonolusion. I again enter my protest against this delay, and I think Ministers and hon. members should clearly understand that my hon. friend Mr. Kates, and otlwr hoo. mem ber! who think with us, are fully alive to the foot that, if the Redistribution of Seat* Bill beoomes law, then the chances of these lines {tossing will be gone fo* some time to come. Mr Aland eaid there was a manliness about the tone of Mr. Morgan's address that they malt til admire, and faie remarks were very different from those of aome members when •peaking on the Warwick to St. Oeorge Rail wty. He wiahed, however, to protest against the remark made by Mr. Morgan that the opposition the members for Drayton and Toowoomba and Aubigny bad offered to thia particular railway was the real on that it had not been passed by the Honae. (Hear, bear.) He did not think the circumatnncea of the caae warranted any such aaeortion [ nor did he think the Government were to blame for any action they had taken in bringing the railway forward. Mr. Morgan waa miltaken when be aaiil that all the Government programme, exoept tbia partioular railway, had been before the Jiouae and nr. ried. [Mr. MobibIAD : " Hear, hear." | There were several items which had not yet received tlie approral of the Honto, Fhe Government had tried aa hard ■■ (hey poailbly oouldlaat aeaiion to have thia railway passed. H# (Mr. Aluodj alio naeated the charge of insincerity which had been hnrled agaipat the Government in thia matter. Mr. SIoRQAtf: I did not make any auoli oharte, MkAlabd.i If they bad bees inainoere there waa no neceaaity for their bringing it in lnat aos aion, nor for laying the plana on the table at the present time. (Sear, hear.) They avowed their iiMwIty by/biiogfaif it dowfiDoWeialiue item WSrwIek Creek, is& if it bad been introduced in that way is the Ural ioiUnea U would litre receired the eauotfoo of both/ liouM^ j The Huw4 **i ftt.ifaei present l^nlB fodeed preceoifr^ a prftttj4pectaeK Ifci vos alttoat a picturetfor tb^ godf tolooV dowif Upon with di«gu«*. (Hear, bear, and lmgh» ter.) Tb^y w*re just now anything but a happy fami.y, and tbe quicker they were eent about iheir busings tbe tatter, for a more inamicable etate of things 1m did not think had erer existed in any Parliament *h»B bad beeo exhibited in the Home during Ibe laat few ftara. Mr. PATrzftOV utd bo did nut think with Mr. Aland that theattaok made by Mr, Morgan was a manly one. Whatever tbat gentl«maa may . hare thought be had no right to epsak m tbe disparaging tones tbat be did of Mr, Groom, as -one -of tbe members fur Drayton 1 and Toowooukba. The Speaker on tbe floor of House might bare been able to reply to him, but ia tbe ohair be praetiaally bad a muule on, It*aa not a mariltr thing (oetriko a man wbo oould not give a blow back. Mr. Ouikbb aaid be ttioug ht it would be •sen that tbe raaaone *l»»n by Mr. Morgan were not war runted, There wat mother rail- { way which was of at much importance u the Tbfcne'a Creek line, and whion had Dot been , paaseri, although there wu no Cppoeitton lo it. It wa» niuoh more important that the! HedUtribution Rill aboold be pawed without1 delay. Mr. Sua Mid he did not doubt the tin oerity of tbe Government, but he had wiihed to point out the dangor there wu of the line being loit through tbeie repeated delaya, and if they waited nntil the fiediatributlon Bill wat pasted tbe delay would be greater. He merely wiahed the Government to itate dif tiuotlv tbe eoarae they intended to adopt in regard to the line. The motion for adjournment was withdrawn. 