POLITICAL NOTES. Tho approaching political contest has many essential points of dissimilarity from the last one. At tho elections of 1885 no distinct line of political demarcation divided the contending parties. Sauve qui peut was tho watchword on all sides. Thero was, virtually speaking, no Government and no Opposition. The ghost of the defunct Stuart party sat on the Treasury benches, but it submitted no tangible policy to the country beyond a shadowy affirmation of the principle that the provision of the Con stitution Act which excludes Government con tractors from Parliament ought to be treated as a dead letter. Broadly speaking, the opponents of this were the then Opposition. Ho other political ties bound either side together, indi vidual merely grappling with individual in a confused and general scramble for scats. The whole elections were condacted in the dark, the Government plan being to conceal the muddled state to which they had brought the country and "sneak in" under false pretences. By this means a considerable percentage of them got back, bnt the first flash of public light upon the scene had the same effect as that of a police man's bull's-eye upon a gang of midnight prowlers approaching n ben-roost. They simply bolted. It is not necessary to detail what followed. After a somewhat stormy succession of events, however, the same party crept back, to the Treasury benches, only to scatter again on ac count of divisions amongst themselves. They have now rallied under a new banner, that of " moderate protection," with which they are making a third attempt to capture the place of power. Sir Henry Parkes confronts them this time with a solid compact party, which meets them toe to toe on the clear fiscal issue. Last time they had the uphill position, now he has it. Last time the issnc was confused and indistinct, now it is defined and unmistakable. Candidates are already entering the lists npon all sides. The first man to toe the line was Mr. W. H. L. Bailey at the Glebe, where for some considerable time past he has been in viting either Mr. Meeka or Dr. Wilkinson to come outside and pat him out— a request which neither seemed inclined to comply with. How, however, they have been both turned out, and Mr. Bailey at the present moment is sitting on -his political haunches, quite pnzzled to decide which of the two he had better spring at and annihilate. At the Last election he came forward as a man with an intimate knowledge of " politics in all their various ramifications." It was the "ramifications" that the electors seemed frigh tened of, and they left Mr. Bailey out. A Glebe man with a head shaped like a sugarloaf states, however, that ho intends to give him "a plumper" on the present occasion. Ho new city candidates are yet definitely announced, though with the exception of Mr. Barton and possibly Mr. Kethcl, all the old members will most likely remain in the field. Mr. J. D. Tonng spoke of retiring, but his so-called friends seem to have induced bim to reconsider that eminently proper determina tion. Last time he wonld in all proba bility have topped the poll only for the treachery of the O'Connor party, who after bunching threw Mr. Young over at tho last moment, with the result that while Mr. O'Connor got second' on the poll, Mr. Young was:shoved down fourth and very near lost the 6eat altogether. That will bo paid back, how ever, now. No bnnching this time. Dan has already shown that he possesses as many political lives as a cat, but he will need them all to pnU him through. Onco 1 the " O " before biajnamo was worth from 1500 to 2000 votes to Btart with. He will have those against him to start with this time unless he manages to work the oracle as he did before when he had one line in the Boyne and another in the Liffey, and hooked bis fi9h upon both. Mr_AUred Miller is again getting ready for Sonth Sydney as the candidate of the Demo cratic Alliance, which body promises to " plank it" on his behalf. He is an eloquent enthusiast and seems too sincere to work the agitator busi ness successfully. On the South Sydney protectionist platform John Davies already has the call over him in the betting. Mr. Macmillan is spoken of for East Sydney, and is pretty safe to be returned if he stands. He is just the stamp of man that tho present occasion calls for. Mr. G. N. Griffith, who was put in the HTSlhone bunch of 1882 as a mere makeweight and returned to be dropped out again 'at the next election, is also said to bo anxions to get back to the House at the present j nocture. The country cannot afford to throw away seats just now, and Mr. Griffith would show more patriotism by keeping out of the people's way. And. the same will apply to Mr. Merriman, who is said to be contemplating another try at West Sydney. Mr. Alfred Allen has given timely notice of his intention to contest Paddington. Alfred, however, is always contesting some con stituency or other, and as nothing further comes of it, there is no reason why he should be prohibited from indulging in that compara tively harmless pastime. All men have their own peculiar vicc3. Alfred neither drinks nor smokes, but nothing in the world will cure him of the habit contracted in his early youth of contesting constituencies. Mr. Bellcmey, a local chemist at Newtown, is still con vinced that politics are quite as much iu- his line as pills, and is again in the field together with two other new aspirants, in the persons of Messrs. Hawken and Tabrett. It seems a blue lookont there for Mr. Smith. Canterbury will be unfortunate in losing Mr. Hammond, who is abont to retire from politics ana take to globe-trotting. He is a sound and capable politician, and would have done a lot towards carrying a freetrade bunch in had he remained to maxe one of it. Failing health is the cause of his retirement, Mr. Bam- monn always having been a steady and con scientious Parliamentary worker, which in the late sittings now in vogue, imposes a Btrain that he finds It necessary to escape from. Not withstanding his constant attendance be has not often 3poken, though when he did speak he always had something sensible and well thought out to say. What encoutagement is there to a man like that to get up and speak io our Assembly where be knows that there is a stolid phalanax of Gormlvs, Bulls and Bowmans ready to vote him down at a word from a man like Mr. Melville. The news from Parramatta is not of a very exciting nature as yet, Mr. Hugh Taylor does not anticipate opposition— the Ferris revolt being quelled, and the Byrnes' party kors da combat. His latest war bulletin, therefore, announces that all is quiet on the Potomac. In the country, candidates are stealthily feeling about in all directions, bnt if one of them touches Parramatta he will have his political fingers chopped off with scant ceremony, Sir Henry Parkes goes to the polls with every confidence, but if the is to lead frcctradc to a victory that will be worth having, one impera tive necessity most be recognised. The Govern ment must ran none bnt Btaanch and capable men. Getting in a blank majority of nonen tities to sit and vote, freetrade will not mean the real winning of the present struggle. Politics are now assuming a new vitality in this colony, and a vital class of politicians is therefore the demand of the hour. Victory in this contest will rest with the Bide which returns the greatest aggregate amount of intellect to the Housb. If the freetraders allow themselves to be intellectually beaten in the general character of the men returned, a barren numerical supremacy will not avail them much. 