EFFECTS OF THE GALE. At the Brisbane Sailing Club shed, Hamilton, the heavy gale which accompanied an unusually high tide caused all the boats to break away from their moorings and to go drifting up the river. The Lola, which happened to be on the slip at the time, was washed over into Harrison's paddock just above the club's premises. Several of the boats went ashore in the bight opposite the Toombul Divisional Board's office, and suffered much damage on the rocks close by. The Taipo, a well-known 22-footer, had the planking torn away from her stem-post, and was damaged also in the bilge so that she sank ; the Edith had all the copper stripped off her and was stove in ; the Ianthe sank, and the Water Lily suffered some slight damage. The Hon. E. B. Forrest's yacht Isabel, which had also drifted up the river, was taken into Breakfast Creek somewhat damaged, and while there a pontoon with a derrick on it, which had broken loose, came into collision with the bridge and carried the derrick away, after which the pontoon swung round and caught the Isabel, damaging her bulwarks. Mr. M. B. Gannon's steam launch Amy sank at her moorings, opposite the Toombul Board's office, and Mr. Dickson's Dream, moored close by, was also slightly damaged. Dr. Cunningham's yacht, the Volunteer, which was built in England for coast work, went ashore uninjured, and was lifted by the water beyond reach of danger. Nearly all the Sailing Club boats were more or less damaged, except the Seabelle, which, after having drifted up to Breakfast Creek, was safely taken into the creek by Mr. H. M'Cleer and others. The Taipo was more seriously damaged than any of the others, and indeed it is questionable whether she will float again. All the lower parts of Fortitude Valley were submerged, and as the Stratton Drain became damaged and unable to carry off any water many of the residents found the greatest difficulty in entering or leaving their houses. Many of the people had to shift their effects hastily from flooded houses, and were glad of the assistance of the police. All the flat near the new gasworks was under water, and the floods extended across the Breakfast Creek-road. At the Light-street tramway stables there was 2ft. 6in. of water all over the place, and between seventy and eighty horses had to be removed to the New Farm depot. A detachment of police were out all day assisting the people at various points, and their services were very welcome to the hapless resi- dents of houses built on the lowlying ground. ON THE RIVER. The water continued to rise until midday on Sun- day, when, according to official records taken on the site of the graving dock, it reached 6in. above the flood mark of 1864. Most of the town wharves were submerged on Saturday morning, and they were all under water on Sunday. The Municipal wharves at the foot of Queen- street, are very much higher than most of the town wharves, and consequently there was not a great depth of water on them; and, owing to the exertions of the consignees, who were given every facility by Messrs. Wm. Howard Smith and Sons, not five shillings' worth of damage was done. Gibbs, Bright, and Co.'s wharf, Eagle-street, has several feet of water upon it, and, despite the strenuous efforts made on Saturday to save the goods in their bond several tiers of rice and tea were damaged. The A.S.N. Company's wharf in Eagle- street had a depth of fully 4ft. of water upon it on Sunday. Indeed the water in this vicinity came right up to Eagle-street. A large por- tion of the iron fencing surrounding this pro- perty has been forced down. The wharf of this company in Mary-street, although not actually under water on Saturday morning, was awash. The floors of the sheds being lower than the wharf were pretty well covered with water, and a great deal of damage to goods has resulted, as the water rose until the wharf was submerged nearly 3ft. by midday on Sunday. The Railway wharves, at River-terrace, escaped the effects of the flood until midday on Saturday, when they gradually disappeared from view, and next day there was fully 3ft. of water on them. The barque Banffshire, which has been discharging railway iron alongside these wharves, had a narrow escape from being swept down the river, as two of the iron hooks to which some of her lines were secured on the wharf were carried away. Other means were soon discovered by which the barque's position was secured. Two of the British India Com- pany's barges which were moored to this wharf broke away on Saturday, and travelled down the river at a surprising speed. They travelled in company as far as Petrie's Bight, where they brought up at the Boundary-street wharf and were at once secured. At the graving dock matters were pretty lively. The gunboat Paluma had been docked and was shored up while the process of cleaning and painting her hull was going on. The water rose to within 1ft. 6in. of the top of the coping, and fearing that the strain on the caisson would prove too great the foreman in charge had 16ft. of water let into the dock, and thirty tons of water put into the caisson to keep it down. The engine-room attached to the dock was partially flooded by soakage from the river, and a great deal of watchfulness was required to keep the furnaces dry. Messrs. Webster and Co.'s wharf, adjoining the dockyard at South Brisbane, was sub- merged to the extent of about 3ft. and despite the exertions of that firm and con- signees the damage to goods on this wharf has been considerable. McGhie, Luya, and Co. have not fared very badly. The water had covered their wharf on Saturday morning, but no timber had been washed away, as they took prompt measures to secure it by lashing it with chains. Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co.'s wharf, and the Musgrave wharf was under were quite submerged. Parbury, Lamb, and Co.'s wharf, where the R.M.S. Merkara was taking in her homeward cargo, was completely sub- merged on Saturday, and there was a con- siderable depth of water surrounding the goods sheds. In the lower shed on this wharf there were stored 800 bales of wool for export by the Merkara, and there were also 200 bales in the store shed. A number of men were employed from 6 a.m. until 8 p.m. on Saturday removing this wool into the wool-pressing sheds. One hundred and thirty bales of pressed wool, which formed the lower tiers in the wharf shed, were quite wet, the water having risen to a height of 2ft. 6in. This wool was shifted to higher ground for survey, after which it will no doubt be sent to the fellmongers, opened, and re- scoured. The goods in the wharf shed ex the R.M.S. Merkara, from London, have suffered a good deal of damage. There was about 5ft. of water on this wharf at 3.30 p.m. on Sunday, and up till that time it had fallen about 4in. Several small wharves, including Birkbeck's and the Waterstown Brick and Tile Com- pany's, were all inundated. The Victoria Baths broke away from their moorings and travelled nearly to the bridge, where their progress was arrested. A number of sheets of iron had been torn off the roof, and the whole structure gave way on Sunday morning, and all but the roof was borne down the river. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co.'s wharf and stores, Short-street, appear to have suffered most. At high water on Sunday there was fully 7ft. 6m. of water over the wharf, reaching almost to the eaves of the goods sheds. Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co. have lost neurly 100 tons of salt. The lower goods shed, in which a large amount of cargo discharged from the Lizzie Iredale was stored, had to be left to its fate. In the lower flat of the bond everything has been saved. Ten tanks of malt, which had been landed from the Lizzie Iredale for Barker and Co., and which had been on the wharf for over a fort- night, were washed away. Messrs. W. Pettigrew and Son lost the whole of their raft timber, amounting to several hundred logs, but although their wharf shared the same fate as that of D. L. Brown's Short street one the sawn timber, having been securely lashed, remained. The large vessels moored in mid stream, although straining their cables very much, remained secure. The little steamer Sir Charles Cowpor, which had been made fast alongside the Water Lily, near Victoria Bridge, and the steamer Tadorna Radjah, which had been secured by three hawsers near the bridge, both broke sway simultaneously on Saturday afternoon, and rounded Garden Ferry Point abreast of each other. The Tadorna Radjah was brought up at the old powder magazine, and there secured, while the Sir Charles Cowper ended her career at Petrie's Bight. Some time after this, a donkey engine mounted on a punt, with two men aboard, came sweeping down the river, and its progress was not stayed until it had reached Norman Creek. The remains of the ill-fated Yankee barque, George R. Crowe whioh was bnrnt to the water's edge last week, have been found at Bu- limba bottom upwards, and the wreck has been beached near the Bulimba Brewery. Captain W. Collin, of the Lady Musgrave, which arrived here on Sunday morning, reported that he passed the buoy-boat which had been moored at the entrance to Howe's Channel, and another buoy ashore on the beach at Bribie Island. Captain Collin says the water is much discoloured for miles outside of Mooloolah and Caloundra, and thero is a very strong outset. BOOROODABIN AND TOOMBUL. At Kedron Brook the stream according to Mr. Widdop was 3ft. higher than it had ever been for the last twenty-five years. All over the Toombul division men are employed in repairing the damage and doing what they can to assist in the general work of rescue. Senior-constable Brown, of the Albion police station, reported with reference to the flood at Swan Hill that in the space of half-an-hour on Friday afternoon about fifty houses were surrounded by water, cutting off the way of escape except by boat. Henry Denby, Cor- nelius Ryan, and Ben Hall, of Swan Hill, Herbert Hill, of O'Connell Town, and William Sparkes, of Bowen Hills, in company with the senior-constable, helped to remove the people from their houses, whioh they accomplished in four hours with one boat. There were plenty of willing hands on the dry places to receive the washed-out and to give them shelter. Many families left their homes with only a few wet blankets and the olothes they had on. A great amount of property has been lost and damaged, as the doors of some houses could not be shut, and the furniture floated away. The greatest num- ber of the washed-out were poor struggling people, and their losses will be felt severely. A frightful flood was running in Kedron Brook, whioh swept all the vegetable gardens and Chinamen's huts away, carrying off the small bridges in some places, together with about 100 yards of the new fenoe recently put around Kedron Park; some cows were also swept away. During the whole of Friday night the police were at work in boats and punts going from house to house on the low-lying ground between the bridge and the Albion, and it is much to their credit that, although the night was pitchy dark and the navigation of their clumsy crafts anything but easy, they were successful in rendering valuable assistance, and no accident was met with. A number of private persons were also engaged in the good work of rescue in various districts. There are about sixty houses flooded, some being awash up to the roofs. Tait's tannery (formerly Makler's) has been under water, and the damage to the liquors in the tan-pits is rather considerable. Some of the other tanneries have suffered similarly, though Alderson's escaped, the water being within a few feet of the pits. WOOLOONGABBA AND COORPAROO. In Stanley- street at about 5.30 p.m. on Friday there was fully 3ft. of water on the crown of the road opposite the Duke of Cornwall Hotel, and the tramcars wore only with the greatest difficulty kept on the line. Fortunately the water did not rise further, but in fact subsided as quickly as it rose, and the road was soon afterwards clear. During the night the culvert opposite the pottery on the Ipswich-road was washed away, thus com- pletely debarring wheeled traffic. The culverts on Kingfishers Creek were all carried away, causing a stoppage of traffic in the by streets between the Logan and Ipswich roads. The Logan-road itself was impassable until next morning. Comparatively little damage to private property was done by the wind on the higher levels beyond a few fences blown down, and trees stripped of their foliage. The police did excellent work in this district, which has particularly suffered. Many work- ing men who had just managed to get a home together have lost everything. About eight houses have been carried away from the Thompson Estate. The surroundings of the lower part of the estate presented a pitiable appearance. In one or iwo instances the water had almost covered the roofs of the houses. Whole floors, from which the walls had been torn, were used as rafts by unfortunate men trying to save fowls and other domestic treasures, and in some cases men were search- ing along the trees and fences for clothes which had contained their last-earned money. On the Deshon and Tramway Estates about eight houses altogether were submerged, and several narrow escapes from drowning are reported to have occurred, the people, as on the Thompson Estate, having to be rescued by means of ropes. The bridge on the Wellington-road has had its approaches washed away, and a large portion of the Stanley Bridge Estate was submerged, the large store there having suffered considerable damage. Valuable assistance was rendered in rescue work on Friday night by Messrs. Bukston and H. Hockings, who live on the Norman Creek Estate, as well as by a man named Bicker, an employe of the Graziers' Butchering Company, who was especially vigorous. The farmers along the Logan-road suffered greatly, the high wind and heavy rain beating down their crops worse than was done by the recent heavy hailstorm. ROCKY WATERHOLES. A correspondent sends the following notes :— At Rocklea and Rocky Waterholes the storm was very severely felt, all the low-lying land being submerged. Stable Swamp Creek rose very rapidly, and having formed a connection with the lagoons in the neighbourhood spread until it formed a vast sheet of water. Tho road in several places was com- pletely under water, and the houses on the flats were in such a condition that it seemed impossible for the inmates to remain in them during the night. The house occupied by Mr. S. Moffatt, near the Junction Hotel, suffered heavily, the rush of water under the house sap- ping the foundations of the chimney to such an extent that the chimney, stove, &c;, and, in fact, the entire end of the kitchen fell out, exposing the interior to the full fury of the gale. At Hermitage the water in the creek rose so high that the tops of several fences were completely covered. Large trees were uprooted in all directions, and the scene all around was one of desolation. The roads were almost impassable in some places. Senior-constable Taylor, at Rocklea, was flooded out of the police station at that place, there being 18in. of water on the floor, and had to clear out with his wife on his back to a place of safety. The whole country from Beenleigh to Oxley was under water, except small islands in different places. Mr. Kinghorn and Mr. Funkner went to Brisbane and brought out a boat which was kept going all day saving the lives of people. Too much credit cannot be given to Messrs. Kinghorn, Funkner, Queale, Hotzberger, Harkinstall, and Leavers for the very plucky way in which they acted. All the farmers on the Sherwood side of Rocklea have lost everything. Large stacks of hay floated away with the flood. A man with a hansom cab, and two horses attempted to cross over the bridge near Sinnamon's. He had a man in the cab, and when he got on to the centre of the bridge one horse got over the railing. The whole lot would have been drowned had not two men — Peter Jensen and a saddler named Russell—stripped of! and swam to their assistance. After a struggle of about fifteen minutes, the horses, the cab, the occupant, and the driver were rescued. There was 6ft. of water on the bridge. There was 8ft. of water on the Ipswich-road, between Rep- perger's bakery and Furkness's dairy. A tele- gram was sent on Sunday from the station master at Beenleigh to the station-master at Sunnybank, stating that the railway was flooded the whole way. ROSALIE AND MILTON. On Sunday the water came over the road at the foot of Milton Hill, in spite of the fact that it was raised about 4ft. at the time the railway embankment subsided some months ago. Several houses on the Milton Estate were quite flooded, and quite a number were surrounded by several feet of water. One of the hardest cases in that locality reported to us was that of Mr. P. A. Levy, in Douglas-street, who was lately burnt out at Hicks's-buildings, George- street. In spite of strenuous efforts to save his property, Mr. Levy will be a considerable loser. SOUTH PINE AND BALD HILLS. The fine agricultural districts of Bald Hills and the valley of the South Pine River have been made desolate by the flood, and the damage done will be severely felt by the farmers. The South Pine began to rise early on Friday morning, and so rapid was the rush of the storm-water that many persons were unable to get away from their homes, and had to be taken to places of safety in boats. The valley of the South Pine as viewed from Bald Hills will for picturosqueness and fertility compare favourably with any part of Australia. The river winds like a silvery thread through some ten or twelve miles of rich flats, which on Thursday carried one of the finest agricultural growths ever seen in the Moreton district. The maize, in some places 8ft. high, was in tassel, and gave pro- mise of an immense yield; lucerne patches, the paler green sugar-cane, and the dark, regular rows of arrowroot and potatoes, grow luxu- riantly, while here and there the comfortable farm homesteads showed that the district was one in which the tillers of the soil had settled down to fight the battle of life. The scene is now changed. The maize crops are laid low, and of the already well formed grain but a trifling quantity will be saved. Potato and arrowroot crops, soil and all, have been washed clean away; the lucerne will recover, though it will want a few showers to cleanse it before it can be made into hay. The farm houses are deserted, the farmers seeming thankful that they have got away safely with their wives and little ones. The smiling valley has been rendered a wilder- ness, and the outcome of months of heavy toil has been washed away in a few hours. By noon on Friday the river had overflowed its banks, and before long stacks of hay, poultry, vegetables, and general debris were floating down with the flood. Except in the back water there was a current of fully nine miles an hour, and it was feared that the whole of the road bridgework between the Bald Hills and Buchanan's Clyde Hotel would be swept away. The South Pine Bridge, with its foundation piles on the hard traprock, stood splendidly. Soon the water was within a few inches of the top rail, the current sweeping over it as through a mill race, and great masses of timber and forest debris being dashed against it. The rise was so rapid that within two hours of the river breaking bounds it extended from Cameron's sugar-mill, just at the beginning of the Bald Hills, to within about a hundred yards of Buchanan's hotel. The valley was all under water, a destroying flood doing damage in a few hours that thousands of pounds would not cover. In the widest part it must have covered over four miles of country, sweeping all before it. In no part of the district would the current be swifter, and it is fortunate that no human beings were left to battle against the flood. Two men, a European and a China- man, very narrowly escaped drowning. They were living near each other, and did not think it necessary to move out in the rain, expecting the flood would not rise sufficiently high to do more than inconvenience them. After a time the Chinaman's house was turned over, and he climbed out through the gable end and got on the roof. The water continued rising, and his perilous position was noticed. A Mr. Johnson, who lives on high ground, was signalled to by Mr. Weedon and Mr. Grierson, and informed of the danger. He went to Buchanan's hotel and with young Mr. Buchanan got a boat at Gardiner's sugar mill and went to the rescue The water where the Chinaman was was comparatively slack, and it was supposed by those on land that he could not swim ; but they were surprised to see him divest himself of his garments, wrap them carefully in a bundle, put them on his head, and strike out for his neighbour's house. This he reached, but his position was no better, though he was not alone. The boat arrived, and both men were taken off. The Chinaman was very much ex- hausted, and was treated with great kindness at Buchanan's hotel. Report says that on his recovering he not only forgot to express his gratitude but wanted payment for a couple of rock melons his rescuers helped themselves to from the inundated garden. On Sunday morn- ing the river had resumed its ordinary channel, but the sun rose on a sad scene of desolation. The excitement of flood incidents is soon dis- pelled on looking over the ruined crops, and thinking for a moment of the severe loss in- dustrious, struggling men have sustained. Between the South and North Pine Rivers there has been a little damage done, and the approaches on the Brisbane side of the North Pine have been washed away. Horses cannot be got across except by swimming, and though a few men managed to cross on Sunday the passage is by no means pleasant or safe. The road out to the North Pine is in capital condition. Very little damage has been done, the Nine-mile Bridge being the only place at present at all dangerous. The wind threw several large trees on to the road, but these were on Saturday removed. All the way out the ground is strewn with branches of trees which were snapped off during tho gale. NUDGEE AND SANDGATE. Nudgee has been very fortunate compared with many other districts in regard to the storm. Most of the land in the vicinity of the Orphanage is fairly high, and there is good natural drainage. It was expected that the rain would do a great deal of injury to the grape crop, now almost ripe, but fortunately the damage is infini- tesimal. In Mr. D. J. Childs's fine vineyard at Nudgee the Isabella grapes, most of which are now ripe, stood the wet very well, and the white grapes, which are more tender and thin skinned, are not ripe enough to have sustained any damage. The force of the wind however at Nudgee was very great, and as witnesses of of its violence leaves and branches strew the ground in all directions. At Sandgate, which seems to have felt the full force of the storm, the serious damage inflicted by both wind and water is at once apparent. The various little bathing-houses that used to line the edge of the lower esplanade have all been washed away, with the exception of one, of which the bottom was swept out. Most of the stake enclosures, too, have entirely dis- appeared and the melancholy remnants are utterly useless. Considerable damage has been done to the retaining wall on the lower esplanade. The wall consists of a tier of heavy logs 4ft. or 5ft. high placed on one another lengthwise and half-checked at the joints and supported by heavy beams sunk in the earth at right-angles to the wall. This vertical wall made a very poor show against the fury of the gale on Friday morning. The sea, whioh came rolling in with breakers equal to those that beat on Stradbroke Island on a breezy day, dashed against the retaining wall batting the spray 20ft. or 30ft. high, and, rolling over it, covered the entire esplanade. Among the houses flooded was the large wooden house recently purchased by Sir Samuel Griffith. It was not until the water subsided that the full extent of the damage was seen. Most of the transverse beams were left quite exposed, all the light soil or sand at the back of the wall being completely washed away. Hundreds of tons of sand have disappeared, and the espla- nade is diminished in width by about an average of 10ft. all along the sea front. A couple of boats lying at their moor- ings were caught by the gale and driven in- shore, rolled over and over by the breakers, and cast, shattered wrecks, high and dry on the shore. The pier at Sandgate stood the storm very well. All the steps, of which there were three sets, have been washed com- pletely away, but the pier itself is practically uninjured, except that a number of planks at the end have been loosened by the combined fury of wind and sea. The large enclosed bathing place connected with the pier was washed away on Saturday morning. The houses on the cliffs suffered, as the rain and wind boat against them with terrific force, and it was impossible to keep the wet out. Some trees were torn up by the roots, others had their limbs lopped, and many were entirely stripped of leaves. By an unfortunate coincidence the convalescent homes in connection with the Diamantina Orphanage and the Bris- bane General Hospital were both flooded, and their occupants were in great distress. Mr. T. Coward, of the Sandgate Hotel, placed the old Brighton Hotel at their disposal, and thither they were removed in omnibuses on Saturday afternoon and Sunday morning. THE CLEVELAND-ROAD. The road to Cleveland was completely blocked until Monday. Not a culvert over the minor creeks but what has been overflowed, and in many planes the earthworks washed away and the protecting fences levelled. The flood in the Tingalpa Creek reached over the rails of the bridge by the Capalaba Hotel, and the bridge flooring was piled 6ft. high with trees, branches, and debris. A narrow track has been cut through this, allowing the passage of a cart. If this bridge had not been just lately repaired and refloored it most certainly would have been washed away. The approaches on the Cleveland side have been considerably washed away, but are temporarily made crossable. Between Capalaba and Cleve- land the fallen timber is more plentiful, it being evident that the full force of the gale was felt more upon the coast. One of our staff who rode down to near Cleveland on Friday, leaving town at 10 a.m., found the utmost diffi- culty in facing the severe gale, where the cleared land around Wellington Point per- mitted the squalls to strike the road with their full intensity. He describes the rain as abso- lutely painful owing to the force of the squalls. The danger from falling branohes was very great, and many were his narrow escapes. But few large trees have been blown down, the squalls evidently being of too short duration, though they rapidly followed one another. The old bridge near to Cleveland is completely washed away, but traffic can get round. At Cleveland such a severe gale has not been known for years; the sea broke quite across the neck of the peninsula, and has washed away some of the protecting walls at the point. However, beyond temporary discomfort, no great harm has been done. At Ormiston several fine trees were blown down and the ridging and roof partly blown off the house, thus saturating the interior, but no serious damage was done. THE LOGAN AND ALBERT. The following account has reached us from Mr. Jas. Savage, of Beenleigh:— The heavy rainfall last week has proved very disastrous on the Logan and Albert rivers. On Thursday the men employed on the railway extension to Southport and Nerang, with their wives and families, were washed out, their tents and belongings being nearly all lost. Provision for their shelter was made in the churches and halls here, and continued up to this, the police-magistrate having issued rations to over 100. No immediate difficulty confronts us as to their wellbeing. On Friday both the Logan and Albert rose with fearful rapidity in the early morning between 1 and 3. A great number of the residents at Alberton, Beenleigh Pocket, and Bethania, and on the other side of the Logan, were with difficulty rescued, some from housetops or out of the gable window of the houses. The Germans used the Logan- holme ferryboat, and did valuable service in rescuing many families who would not otherwise have been saved, The s.s.. Fanny, which was moored at Yatala, was a godsend. Captain John Burke and his men rendered noble service, as they rescued and took aboard fifty-four souls who would have perished without their timely assistance, consisting of Messrs. Witty, Churdon, Herbert, Fredericks, Braver, Rodgers, and others, with their wives and families. The river rose with such rapidity that these and many others only awoke to find their houses surrounded, and escaped in what they were then wearing. The Fanny kept the people all aboard until Sunday and then went to see if any further service could be rendered elsewhere on the Albert. At Yatala and Beenleigh the river was fully a mile wide. At Loganholme and Waterford it was considerably wider, nearly the whole cultivation of the district being under water. The following fatalities have been reported: —A young man named W. Eggorsdorff, his wife, and three children are drowned. Mr. John Brown, of Yatala Saw-mills, and a kanaka are drowned ; and it is feared Mr. and Mrs. Walls and family, State school, Loganlea, are also lost, considering that only two or three boats were available when the crisis came. It is believed that no lives have been lost at Pimpama Island, Alberton, Beenleigh, Water- ford, or up to the Logan Village, except those mentioned. The rivers are now falling, and therefore no further fatalities are expected. There are fully sixty or seventy families washed out of their homes, but all are in shelter and being cared for. Many of those can return to their houses when the water falls ; but many have no home to go to, as the floods have swept the houses away. Yatala Bridge has gone, and it is almost certain that Waterford Bridge and the railway bridge over the Logan are gone also. Mr. Robert Muir, of Benowa, accompanied by his son Peter, arrived shortly after 7 p.m. on Sunday at a place about a mile south of Yatala, near the turn-off to Ageston. Apparently misjudging the depth of the water he drove in and both he and his son were drowned. At this spot the water at one time was over the telegraph post, but had fallen considerably when Mr. Muir was drowned. Their bodies were recovered on Monday. They were buried in the cemetery the same night. Brown's body was recovered on Tuesday morning. No other bodies have been recovered. Mr. Savage has embodied the foregoing de- tails in a letter to the Government, and urged that steps should be taken to afford relief to the distressed. The bearer of Mr. Savage's letters was Cobb and Co.'s popular coachman "Charley French," who was the first man to make the journey from Beenleigh to Brisbane after the floods. French confirms all the statements of Mr. Savage. He says that Logan Village was almost entirely under water. Rain fell very heavily all Friday and a portion of Saturday, but eased off on Sunday. He did not visit the site of the Logan bridge, but he was told that it had been washed away in the middle. News reached Beenleigh that Beaudesert had been under water, but no par- ticulars were to hand. The clam-shell dredge was carried away by the flood, and he heard that it had been found in the middle of a farm, and that a cutter belonging to Mr. Moseman was found in the fork of a tree. French left Beenleigh at noon on Monday, driv- ing a buggy and pair. His companions were four men, who were bound on a search for the schoolmaster at Scrubby Creek. They drove along the ridges to Waterford, where French left them. He had heard that the Waterford-road bridge had been swept away, but on arrival at the site he found that statement to be an exaggeration. The approaches at the Beenleigh end of the bridge were washed away, and the railings of the bridge were gone, but the decking and piers were intact. French walked across the ridge with little or no difficulty, and ob- taining a horse at the hotel near at hand, he road to Loganlea, which place he was fortu- nately able to reach before the ballast train left for Brisbane, where he arrived at 5 p.m. ANOTHER ACCOUNT. Owing to there having been a complete stoppage of communication between Brisbane and the Logan district it has been impossible to learn the extent of the damage done along the South Coast Railway line. Mr. A. W. Kingston, who lives at Kingsholm, has been the first to reach Brisbane since the water began to subside. He left there on Monday morning at daylight, but owing to the fearful state of the roads the journey took a considerable time. He gave the following account of the country between Waterford and Brisbane. He says: "On Thursday it commenced to rain, and on Friday Scrubby Creek began to rise. On Saturday it rose to about 4ft. above the railway bridge. It went down after that about 3ft., but soon afterwards the back water forced the stream up until it topped the bridge by 10ft. or 11ft., just covering the tops of the telegraph poles. The station-house at Kingston is flooded, and the platform and shed are partly under water. Round about there were two or three camps occupied by women, the water on Saturday night having flooded them out. They were brought to my father's place for refuge on the top of the hill. On Mon- day morning I determined, as the water ap- peared to have fallen considerably, to try and cross Scrubby Creek and reach Waterford township, for which the gravest fears were entertained. I could not cross the creek, but got round it about two miles from the rail- way station, from which point I managed to reach Waterford. At that time the township was partly under water. This was at 11 o'clock a.m., and the water had fallen then about 6ft., and at Kingston's corner, where my father used to live, the water was about 12ft. higher than it had been in the flood of 1863-4. During that flood we were living there, and the water just came up to the corner of the house. On Sunday last, accord- ing to what the Waterford people state and to judge by the flood marks, the water had certainly been about 12ft. higher than it had ever been before within the recollection of any resident. All Waterford was flooded, and on the south side of the river the scene was one of desolation. Places I knew on which houses had stood were now quite bare, and from the appearance of the surroundings I believe that the railway bridge has been washed away. Mr. Leo, of the Morning Star Hotel, told me that on Saturday night he heard a great crash in the river, which was identi- fied with the destruction of the bridge. From the appearance of the water I should judge that the bridge had collapsed, for there was no ripple or marks of resistance at the position where the bridge should be. A good many persons are walking about half-clothed, as they cannot get to their homes which they had to leave, and some will never see their homes again. At Loganlea, from Mr. Love's place to the railway bridge is under water, and it seemed to me that the bridge had gone also. I cannot say for cer- tain, but I could see that the iron girders had gone. Mr. Love and other residents stated that they believed by the appearance of the water that the middle of the bridge had disappeared. At Bethania, a place called Waterford Pocket is all under water, and several houses have been swept away from there. I was told that on Saturday night a boat had left the Waterford Hotel with several persons in it, and had not been heard of since. Part of the Logan reserve I could see as I came along was all under water also, some of the houses having been completely covered. The occupants were camping half clothed upon a ridge half-a-mile away. Upon my return I was the first to cross the Kingston bridge as I came along the railway line. The current was almost slack, and I managed to feel my way along a 16in. plank, the water just reaching my armpits. The creek stretched away for about half-a-mile on either side of the line. Telegraphic communication is completely stopped. It will be impossible to tell the extent of damage done until the water subsides completely, but I should judge that desolation stretches away far beyond Yatala. The persons whom I saw yesterday had scarcely any clothes, and were homeless. The water rose, it seems, in the night so sud- denly that the occupants of houses had only time to save themselves in what they stood. Food must be scarce, and when I left the Morn- ing Star Hotel it was full of refugees. Those who know the high position of that hotel can judge what sort of a flood this has been when I say that the water was nearly 2ft. high at one time in the bar. At Waterford I could see that the following persons had had their houses destroyed : —Messrs. Westfall, Teachers (2), Edens, A. Noffke, and J. C. Read. Every farm along the river bank must be destroyed, nothing being left of the crops, and it will be a long time before the trains resume running to Beenleigh. From Kingston to Brisbane the roads were in a fearful state, being washed up in many places, and Spring Creek Bridge has been swept away. The steamer Fanny, which returned on Mon- day morning from Davy and Gooding's wharf in the Albert River at Yatala, brings a story which substantiates the fears expressed by Mr. Kingston. Those on board state that the steamer's boat has saved sixty lives, and that the Yatala Bridge was carried away, as well as the Ferry Hotel. RESCUE WORK BY THE STEAMER FANNY. The small steamer Fanny, Captain Burke, which was lying at the wharf at Yatala, re- ceived the full force of the fresh which came down the stream, and the master took all necessary precautious in mooring his vessel free from the wharf and out of reach of danger should the bridge be washed away. At about 2 o'clock on Saturday morning coo-ees were heard from the Yatala Hotel, kept by Mr. Chardon, and the captain at once manned a boat and went to the place. He found all the outhouses washed away, and the water well up to the upper story of the hotel. By seven successive trips he managed to carry all the people from the hotel on board his steamer, and this was not accomplished without great risk. Indeed, the thirty-two persons who were removed in this way owe their lives to Captain Burkes efforts ; for the hotel was washed away immediately after the last boat-load had been removed to safety. He then pulled out to selections occupied by Ger- mans, and rescued three families from extreme danger. His next effort in the morning was directed towards saving Mr. Witty, the well known planter, whom he found clinging to a veranda-post of his dwelling, and whose family were on the roof. Steam was kept up all the time, and great danger was apprehended from the fact that the Go- vernment clam dredge recently employed at the head of the Albert came drifting down the stream towards the Fanny. However, she sheered off, and was subsequently secured behind Bahr's mill. The mills on the Albert — Openheimer's, Bahr's, and Reihfeld's — were submerged, and the whole country adjoining the river presented the appearance of a lake. Alberton was completely submerged, and the Government stores were swept away. The Beenleigh residents did good service by sending down provisions for the sufferers, and these were distributed amongst the rescued on board the Fanny and those flooded out at Alberton. In many cases this assistance proved most timely and valuable. From Yatala the steamer started down the river, rounded the point, and went up as far as Mount Cotton, but Captain Burke could not see anyone in distress. The captain during the whole time kept a sharp lookout for anyone requiring his services, but though the whole country near the river was under water, the residents, with the exception of those rescued, had taken refuge on the ridges behind the flood. All the cultivated land has been flooded, and the clam dredge was swept right through one of the mills. R. McDonald, a sailor on board the Fanny, states that the steamer lay alongside the em- bankment near the old ferry. He had been for three years in the lifeboat service, but never in all that experience did he pass such a fearful night as last Friday, the cries and cooeying for assistance being doubly heartrend- ing as no help could be afforded until daylight. The bridge was washed away, and not a ves- tige of the hotel has been left. The site of this hotel was not covered during the flood of 1864. A portion of Witty's sugar-mill had been carried away, together with a lot of newly erected machinery and the dwelling-house. The family were rescued with the Chardons of the Ferry Hotel by the Fanny's sailors. At one period the Fanny had sixty rescued persons aboard. They were all taken to high land, and some walked over the ridges to Beenleigh. Brown and Holmes's saw-mill has gone, and Mr. Brown has since been missing. The Albert was a vast sheet of water, and all the crops were submerged. The steamer left on Saturday, and as it passed Alberton a ferry boat put off from the shore and hailed the steamer for provisions. It was stated that forty persons were starving in the State school. The steamer gave them about enough for one meal each. Previously a sailor named M. Walsh had walked from Yatala to Beenleigh for provisions. There the people were com- paratively secure. When the steamer left, besides Mr. Brown being missing, it was stated that a whole family of five had been drowned, as well as a farmer named Hagerstoff. A man named Wilcock was also missing. As the water was so high, the amount of damage done could not be seen, but an opinion was expressed that relief should be afforded. DESTRUCTION OF THE LOGAN BRIDGE. The Commissioner for Railways requested Mr. Cottew, of the Engineer's Depart- ment, to go to the Logan River on an engine, and report as early as possible. His report has not been made public, but it is understood that he not only was unable to see the girders, but the tops of some, if not all, of the cylinders were gone also, and it is stated that the central span of the bridge is washed away and the line for about 250 yards on this end of the bridge destroyed, the rails being turned over with the sleepers uppermost. The bridge, which was regarded as one of the finest ever erected by the department, had three spans of 100ft. each. The superstructure was formed of steel lattice girders specially imported from Eng- land, which were built on two piers. Each pier consisted of large iron cylinders filled with concrete, and so strong is that kind of pier generally considered to be that it is almost incredible they were washed away. If the worst news proves to be true, and the bridge has been destroyed, it is hardly likely that traffic can be resumed on the South Coast Railway beyond the Logan River for several months. The bridge was built above the flood level of 1864, but from calculations made in the Chief Engineer's Office yesterday it appears that the Logan River on Friday and Saturday last rose nearly 17ft. above the flood marks of 1864. THE FLOODS AND THE RAILWAY. (BY OUR OWN REPORTER.) By a fortuitous circumstance—from a re- porter's standpoint — the writer found himself in the company of the heads of the Railway Department on Friday night at 9 o'clock, at five minutes past which hour they arrived at Roma, returning from a trip westward. There were among them the Minister for Works, the Commissioner, the two Engineers-in-Chief (Messrs. H. C. Stanley, and W. Hannam), the Engineer for Existing Lines, and the Locomotive Superintendent. As the Commissioner for Railways stepped from the train a telegram was put into his hand. It told the first news of the floods which were overwhelming the Laidley and Gatton valleys and sadly upsetting the travel- ling arrangements of the Premier. Later in the night other telegrams followed, until they piled up a story of disasters enough to make the stoutest quail. Throughout it was, how- ever, apparent that Mr. Charles Evans, the acting-traffic manager, although hemmed in between Grandchester and Laidley, and Mr. John McGrath, stationmaster at Toowoomba, were making the best possible arrangements for the safety of the travelling public by their prompt stoppage of traffic at all points affecting the main line, and the Commissioner approved their acts. It had been intended, under previous arrangements, that the official special train should leave Roma for Brisbane at 10 a.m. on Saturday, but in consequence of the serious nature of the messages received both by the Com- missioner and the Engineer for Existing Lines (Mr. W. A. Cross), who was one of the party, it was agreed to start as much earlier in the morning as possible, and accordingly shortly after 8 o'clock the special was bounding towards Toowoomba in hot pursuit of the daily mail which had left some hours previously. As each station was reached the excitement of the pursuit increased, for the tales of the ter- rible disasters were intensified at each. The news that the old bridge at Sadlier's Crossing, near Ipswich, had given way was bad enough, and had the effect of putting the engineers into a very serious mood, but to it all there came an anti-climax when was read aloud a telegram telling of fears for the safety of the Bremer Bridge. This was regarded as so utterly improbable that a more pleasant feeling asserted itself. All the while the sun had been shining along the special's way, but as Warra was approached the sky far ahead assumed a blacker hue, until the cloud, of a verity no " bigger than a man's hand," had become an immense black wall, against which the white windmills on Jimbour Downs stood out in bold relief. The news received at Warra was to those on the special train the most serious of all. Heavy rains had fallen at Gowrie, and a bridge had been nearly washed away. With the receipt of this news a spirit of extra cau- tion came upon both engine-driver and guard. The line on arrival at Chinchilla had been cleared for the special right away, and station- masters had been ordered to "lock up the staff." For a station or two this assurance sufficed, but with the receipt of bad news about the line upon which they were travelling, engineer and guard demanded a telegraphic assurance before leaving each station that the staff was actually locked up. All these very proper pre- cautions delayed the special to such an extent that it practically became a pilot for the mail train following behind. At Dalby we saw evidences of a short sharp shower, but the rain fell not on the train until it was leaving Jon- daryan. Then, however, only a few drops fell, for the storm clouds were already veering towards the south. The Gowrie news had greatly increased the excitement which pardonably prevailed among the party, and the eyes of nearly all were strained to catch the first glimpse of Gowrie Creek. As the station was approached, the silver streaks down the side of the ranges, glittering in the new sunlight, told how the water was flowing into the valley. Footpaths and long-dried watercourses were converted into running brooks until they poured into the creek, the seething, boiling waters of which at last came in sight. The rapid current was carrying trees and brushwood on its bosom, and the soft, black banks were yielding to the heavy pressure. Even then, however, it was evident that the waters had subsided, for the wet drift-grass accumulated on the fences showed how high the water had been but a brief space before. As the maintenance camps were passed the fettlers were taken on board the train and a sharp look-out was kept for weak or damaged places. At the chief bridge over Gowrie Creek a special examination was made. It was apparent that the water had risen to the level of the rails, but fortunately neither the bridge nor the causeway had been injured, nor the abutment and embankments washed away. A dead sheep, great logs, and much drift wood were piled up against the bridge; but the sudden subsidence of the waters had eased the pressure. At every turn of the creek it had an angry look, and the banks of soft silt or black soil were encroached upon or broken away. In a few places the ballasting on the line had been shifted, but it was not until we reached 108.56 chains that we met with anything of a very serious nature. At this spot is a culvert which appears to have been too small for the immense body of water, which, being rapidly backed into the water- ways, soon flowed over the permanent way and down the north side of the embankment and about 200 yards on the Dalby side of the culvert. The treacherous black soil above which the permanent road was laid gave way under the rush of water, and the ballast was swept away to the fence, in some places a distance of twenty yards. A gap of about eighty or one hundred yards was left as the waters subsided, and one rail and half of the sleepers were hung suspended with no other support than that afforded by the intact half of the embankment. When the special train arrived, a gang of maintenance men, under Inspector McPherson, had been engaged underpinning the embank- ment with sleepers, but after a close inspection Mr. Cross gave directions for the line to be " slewed" about 2ft. on the firm part of the embankment, as it would be unsafe to take the train over the " break " with only the under- pinned embankment to support it. With the aid of the men brought on from the camps, this new work was commenced at 4.30 p.m. and before 7 o'clock it was sufficiently completed to enable the special to pass over it and the mail shortly after. In the meantime Mr. Miles and some of the officials went forward to the Gowrie Junction station to learn more particulars of what was reported to be an even more serious break. The report proved to be only too correct, and to add to the disaster the train which had left Dalby at 8.30 a.m. was hemmed in between this break and a dangerous culvert at 107 miles 15 chains. The tale of the Dalby train is that of the disaster. The train arrived at Gowrie Junction in the middle of a blinding storm of rain, which rather tumbled in torrents than fell in drops. About 10.30 a.m. they left Gowrie Junction for Toowoomba, but on ap- proaching the culvert at 107 miles 15 chains which crosses O'Mara's Creek the enginemen were able to see through the falling sheets of water that the water was flooding up and ap- parently making sad havoc of the approaches. At this moment the paddocks on each side of the line were entirely submerged, but those belonging to Mr. O'Mara on the south side of the line, were suffering most. The flood swept down the fences and poured into the creek, which thus overflowed its banks into the waterway alongside the railway embank- ment. The driver and guard of the Dalby train, with the ghost of a sad accident near the same spot some years ago before their eyes, unwilling to cross a bridge the rails of which were several inches underwater—decided to re- turn to Gowrie. Ten minutes was the utmost length of time they remained, but in that period another disaster had overtaken them in the rear nearly half-a-mile away. The water rushing alongside the embankment had at a convenient spot, 107 miles 50 chains, over- flowed the line with serious results. The rush of water is described as that of a torrent which washed away not only ballast and earthworks, but the rails and sleepers were pushed bodily down the northern side of the embankment, throwing the rails and sleepers about 12ft. out of line for a distance of quite 100 yards. Nor was this all; the ballast and the blacksoil embankment washed away from beneath the rails, and for a length of about two chains each end of the "slewed" length rails and sleepers hung suspended. The work of destruction here had been so far advanced that all hope of restoring it on Saturday night was abandoned. The comparative subsidence of the waters at the creek enabled Mr. Cross to ascertain the amount of damage done to the timber culvert (107 miles 15 chains). When in- spected by him at 5 p.m. on Saturday, the rush of water was gradually washing away the abutments and the soil into which the piles had been driven. Already a short pile was swinging above the water. The suspicion was raised that this pile had been improperly driven by contractors or inspectors whose cupidity had overcome their honesty. This view was rather confirmed than otherwise by the fact that one of the main piles was marked 14ft., but judging by the appearance of the pile as the earth was being rapidly washed away from its base, more than one professional opinion was expressed that if 2ft. or 3ft. more of the foundation were removed, the point would be disclosed to view. It was certain that, in the rapidly-gathering darkness, neither the bridge nor the road above it could be repaired for wheel traffic, and it was therefore decided to transfer the passengers in the special and down mail trains to a train on the other side of the O'Mara's Creek, which had been sent on from Toowoomba, bringing on some passengers for Roma. The work of bringing the trains care- fully over the repaired break above the Junc- tion station, of carrying the passengers, luggage, and mails on trollies to the second break occupied a considerable period. Beyond the second break they were conveyed in the Dalby train to the O'Mara's Creek bridge. Here they walked across on planks. Special atten- tion was given by the officials to the safety of the ladies and children, and happily no serious accident happened. Mr. Mackenzie, of Toowoomba, had however a narrow escape from being hurled into the boiling current below. He had brought one of his sons across, and was turning back for his wife when the earth at the abutment of the bridge gave way, carrying him with it. Luckily he caught the rails and was assisted up the bank without much difficulty. The train reached Toowoomba at 9.15 a.m. after some of the passengers had been on the line for nearly twenty hours. Throughout Mr. Miles and Mr. Curnow and the other officials manifested much anxiety for the safety of the passengers and made the best possible arrangements under the circumstances. Mr. Cross be- fore leaving Gowrie gave all necessary instructions to the men how to proceed with the repairs. To assist the twenty men who were working at the Gowrie ''breaks" on Saturday, Mr. Cross on Sunday sent twenty others and arranged with Mr. John Garget for the aid of fifty navvies in restoring the road and bridge. While at Gowrie Mr. Cross received messages from the working ganger at Hendon on the Warwick line, that at 1.30 p.m. on Saturday both ends of the bridge at 153 miles 42 chains had been swept away, the Hendon end for 20ft. and the other end for 6ft. Both ends of the bridge, 153 miles 30 chains, were reported to be washed out, the Hendon end for 20ft. The backing logs were also washed away. The Toowoomba end of the bridge was washed away for 40ft. The bank at 153 miles 10 chains was all gone for a distance of 30ft. The flood was washing through the bridge at 152 miles 75 chains, and at the Hendon end the bank had been swept out for 6ft., and at the Toowoomba end for 35ft. The rails and sleepers were reported to be all swinging at these places. The low side of bank was also all washed away for a distance of fifty chains. Men had been set to work repairing these places with such good results that it was expected trains would pass over on Monday or Tuesday at latest. News was also received of the disasters already reported on the Crow's Nest, Killarney, Harrisville, Brisbane Valley, South Coast, Ipswich, and Brisbane and Sandgate lines. The various officers con- cerned appeared to be doing their utmost to promote the public safety and to effect the speedy repair of the roads. Every step taken was duly reported to the Commissioner for Rail- ways, who, with Mr. Cross, was engaged giving necessary directions up to a late hour on Saturday night. Mr. Miles also remained in Toowoomba for some after his arrival at that place, in order to ascertain the latest information. Although the matters did not come directly within the jurisdiction of the Engineers-in-chief, Mr. Stanley and Mr. Hannam willingly gave their brother officials the benefit of their advice upon any point upon which they were consulted. Having dealt with the " breaks " at Gowrie, the Engineer for Existing Lines turned his attention to the main line. Arrangements were made by the Commissioner for a special train to leave Toowoomba at 6 o'clock on Sun- day morning for Laidley, in the hope that some arrangements might be made to take on the Premier and party. Accordingly at the appointed hour on Sunday morning the special left Toowoomba, carrying mails and having for passengers the Commissioner for Railways, the Engineer for Existing Lines, the Locomotive Superintendent (Mr. Darker), and a Courier reporter. Mr. Darker rode on the engine, but the others occupied the end carriage and closely inspected the line. As the train passed through Toowoomba the course of the water as it had swept through the swamps was clearly marked by the debris, but the line was generally in a very sound condition, not only through Toowoomba and its suburbs, but all the way down the range to Murphy's Creek. For scarcely even a single yard was the ballast disturbed, and any slight disturbances which had taken place were caused by small landslips from the high em- bankments, or the washing down of sand or pipeclay. The lengtlismen all the way down the range had patrolled their distances all night, clearing away the sand which had fallen, or carefully watching the line and the cuttings, and reporting to their gangers anything of even the slightest importance. The manhole tunnel near Ballard's Camp was, on Saturday morning shortly after a heavy storm, the scene of a torrent which rushed round the curve of the tunnel and through the manhole to a height of nearly 6ft. Several of the lengthsmen declared that the rain which fell was unlike anything previously seen on the mountains, and that the force with whioh the rain fell was terrific. Rumours had been foolishly circulated in Toowoomba that the new 10ft. concrete cul- vert, near tho 93-mile peg had given way. This culvert, which, with its embankment, had substituted No. 49 bridge, was happily found to be intact. It had not suffered in any way, but some of the "pitching" at its mouth had been displaced. At Highfields it was found that the reservoir, whioh had been empty for some years and was never again expected to be otherwise, was full and running over. As the train reached Highfields the fog lifted and the sunlight cast new glories on the scene as the waterfalls and cascades splashed down gullies into the valleys below. A full high bank at the new deviation at 83 miles 70 chains showed signs of a slight land slip, but so small as in no way to affect the stability of the line. At 83½ miles a fast running creek came into view, finding its way round the cultivation paddocks of selectors. This creek wound its way down the mountain, and presently became Murphy's Creek, which, seen at the 82 milo peg, was but a small muddy stream. At the bridge, a few chains nearer Murphy's Creek station, it was clearly seen from the amount of debris and drift wood piled up against the piers and abutments that the waters had risen to a great height. At Mur- phy's Creek station it was stated that the heavy rain on Saturday morning only lasted about twenty or thirty minutes, but it was such a rain as was not likely to be forgotten. From Murphy's Creek station eastward the railway runs alongside or within easy eye-range of Lockyer's Creek for several miles. The creek presented an extraordinary appearance, with bundles of grass and wood drift, large fir trees and huge logs hurtling down its rough, rapid, and muddy stream. The waterways on one or both sides of the railway were frequently running creeks, or if comparatively dry it was evident they had not long been so. Drift was piled against the fences in some places for miles, affording clear evidences that the paddocks and roads beyond had been but recently under water to a goodly depth. Sheets of water filled the hollows or were spread over low-lying lands. At Grantham Sandy Creek, usually dry, had been running more than banker, having clearly overflowed in several places. At 65½ miles, a large paddock was under water, and hereabouts the signs were not to be mistaken that the flood waters had been over the railway, without however effecting any damage. The force of the water had been withstood by the wire fence, although the presence of drift wood on the top rail indi- cated the height attained by the water. At Gatton Lockyer's Creek rose over 20ft. higher than its ordinary level, and although in the meantime it had receded 12ft., the drift and heavy logs re- mained piled to a great height against the piers of the bridge. The low-level bridge at Black- fellows' Gully, which is near the station, was reported to be under water. Two or three men at this place had their tents swept away from them, and a like fate overtook several mainte- nance men at Grandchester, where how- ever, they found refuge in the goods shed. From Gatton on to Laidley the country presented an exceedingly dilapidated appearance, except when the groat paddocks wore converted into lakes, and the water glistened in the morning sun. The farms on the banks of Laidley were seen to have suffered more or less severely, and in some places fields under cultivation of one kind or another seemed to have been devastated. As the train approached Laidley a slower pace was adopted and the line keenly examined, but nothing of importance was observed until the place already known by the men as "The Premier's break" was reached. Here was a scene of destruction indeed. The water was at its highest at Laidley from Friday to Saturday afternoon. The embankment and rails were submerged, the unusually deep water way being apparently ineffectual to carry off such an enormous body of water. When the water had subsided it was seen that about thirty chains of rails and sleepers had been dashed off the ballast bed down a 6ft. embankment, and cast against the telegraph posts, a distance of about 30ft. or 40ft. The ballast and earth were washed away into the creeks or the adjoining paddocks. The fences were torn up on all sides, and the drift grass and wood appeared in all directions. But more serious still was the damage done to the small bridge or flood opening at the 51½-mile. The piles and beams remained intact, although the structure was submerged by the floods until very late on Saturday night, but the enbank- ment on the Toowoomba side was washed away, leaving a great gap nearly 60ft. wide. The rails and sleepers were hanging in mid-air, and any attempt to cross would simply have meant courting death. A large gang of men were brought down from Toowoomba by Mr. Nicholson, Superintendent of Main tenance of the S. and W. Railway, at daylight on Saturday morning, but they were unable to do much on that day in consequence of the rain and floods. A temporary pier, consisting of squared sleepers laid crosswise and forming what the men styled a " pigstye," was erected under the swinging line, and on its com- pletion the passengers in the two special trains were able to cross over. The main street of Laidley was still under water, and in Mr. S. Welsh's paddock the waters reached within a few yards of the house. On Friday night the waters flowed into the Queensland National Bank and several stores to a height of 3ft. or 4ft. It was feared that several houses had been swept away, but only one was posi- tively known of. The sufferer in that case was a Mr. Clay, cabinet- maker, who lost absolutely everything. Three young men named Hyde, Peacock, and Little swam about on Friday night in the darkness and rain, assisting people out of their houses. To their bravery it is probable that the children of Mr. Ponton, manager of the Q.N. Bank, and Miss Duncan, daughter of a storekeeper, owe their lives. The only other serious damage done on the line was at Grandchester, where the station yard was overrun by a fierce flood that carried almost everything before it. The waters rushed down from the paddocks on the Toowoomba side, and carried huge logs of timber which were lying in the yards awaiting transit by rail to a great distance. Some of these were dashed against a number of ballast-waggons which were standing at the end of the triangle, overturning them and breaking up two or three. A large stump, about 8ft. high and 6ft. in diamoter, and estimated to weigh over a ton, was carried by the floods over a fence a distance of 4 chains, and it also waa dashed against the ballast-trucks. A deep channel was cut in the yard, and the rails and sleepers of the fork or triangle line were suspended for several yards. The under-carriages and wheels of every truck and van in the yard were covered with drift grass and other debris. At Calvert the bridge over Western Creek was filled up with great trees and other debris, and several smaller bridges were more or leas similarly situated. The Commissioner for Railways, with Mr. Darker and Mr. Evans (chief clerk in the Traffic Department, and who had admira- ily filled the duties of traffic-manager in Mr. Thallon's absence), all of whom had left Laidley by the special train which had con- veyed the Premier, thoroughly examined the line all the way to Sadlier's Cross- ing. Several culvert approaches were more or less damaged and the ballast washed away. The most distressful sight of all was the farms at Rosewood. Acres of cul- tivation were destroyed and probably several farmers are ruined. The condition of the Sadlier's Crossing Bridge was found not to be so bad as had been expected, but as some of the braces wore broken, it was deemed advisable not to take a train across. The official party walked over the bridge, prooecdod by special train to Ipswich, arriving at 2.25, and subse- quently at 4 p.m. to Brisbane. Ipswich under water was bad enough, but Redbank and Goodna—in which only the Asylum is high and dry —and some portions of Oxley were probably worse. From Ipswich to Indooroo- pilly the whole of the low lands are under water from the overburdened rivers and creeks, and in several places the safety of the railway was more or less imperilled. Taken all through the sights which it was the lot of the writer to witness between 6 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. on Sun day are such as he will not forget for many a day. 