Haitian sailed for Australia on the 10th of last month. He talks of remain- ing in the colonies. George Bubear, the English sculler, defeated Wallace Ross at Saratoga on August IT)th, easily. lt is rumoured that the celebrated Sydney horse Trident has been bought by an English sportsman, and leaves Australia after running for the Metro- politan Stakes. At the Q.T.C. Winter Meeting the Jubilee Plate of 200 sovs. was won by M'Gill's Pirate, and the Q.T.C. Handi- cap of 200 sovs. by Riordan's Touch- stone. Blue Mountain won the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase of 500 sovs. Aug. 22nd. Twelve started, and ali jumped splendidly except Ruby, who fell at the first fence and crushed her rider, Williams. Thé winner beat Kangaroo by a length only. Eighteen horses started for the Hurdle Race at the same meeting, which was won by Corrigans Ellerslie. An Australian boxer, Tom Lees, recently created some astonishment in London bj' knocking out a Manchester professor in six rounds. From a sporting contemporary : " St. John says he instructed Gaudaur to lose the Race with Haitian." For unquali lied candour this takes the cake. Professor Jackson, of N.S.W., is announced to be preparing to go to America to fight either Kilrain or Smith for ¿61000 and the championship of the world Jackson's ad mirers are providing £1000 for him. Up to the present the Melbourne Cup has been won thirteen times by New South Wales bred horses, nine times by Victorian, twice by Tasmanian horses, and once each by South Australian and New Zealand nags. W. Murphy, feather weight champion of New Zealand, and E. Burgess, of Invercargill, are to box for £50. The light weight scales Sst. 41bs. Jem Mace and Mulholland had a set-to with the gloves at the Newcastle theatre last month, when Jem was put through pretty comfortably. " How are the mighty fallen 1" Ten aboriginals are entered for the Twelfth Sir Joseph Banks (Botany) Handicap. 375 runners are nominated for this event. An American darkey who is called " Starlight " lately fought and knocked out W. Slavin at Brisbane for a stake, after getting through fifteen tough rounds. Miller and Sali are to be antagonists in a wrestling and weight-lifting match, 1011b and 1301b dumb bells to take precedence; two falls Gneco-Roman, strangling hold barred ; than lifting heaviest dumb-bell from thc shoulder with one hand. The final game in the Victorian Club j Billiard Tournament was between P. j Glenister (receives 10) and J. D. Robertson (receives 90), and the former won. by 12 points, securing the massive silver trophy valued at 100 sovs. The best break in the game was only 36. Dr. Beaney has promised the Club a gold Cup to be played for next year. On August 16th the great wrestlers Connor and Cannon met in another match at Melbourne, Grseco-Romau style, for the championship of the world. Cannon gained the first fall in lm. 5s. Starting for the second fall, the neel» hold was tried for, then a close, and both went down, but sprang up anci clawed for the neck hold again. Soon after this Cannon threw his opponent but failed to hold him ; then Connor got him by the ann, wrist, and elbow, and tried a twist, but ivas obliged to spiii out, aud, with his head and legs resting on the carpet, but the whole weight ol his body pressing on Cannon's chest, he gradually forced the American down. A hitch having occurred, the men were put in a position to wrestle over again. Cannon went to the bridge and Connoi got him on to his chest and tried to turn him over, but could not. A terrific struggle on the ground ensued, which ended by Connor spinning teetotum again, and bringing his weight to beal across Cannon, forced him down by s quick movement, rolled on to him, and secured the fall amidst deafening cheers from the audience. Time, Smin. Foi the deciding bout the men resumed wit! neck holds, then broke. Connor tliei g t Camion by the neck and elbow auc tri cl a leverage, but the Yankee was tot heavy for him. Connor next put Iii; opponent to the low bridge, Cannot resting almost flat on the carpet, bm keeping one arm free, and made twi attempts to get the terrible strangler'! hold ; but Connor's short neck am wariness prevented him. Connor triei to turn him over, but Cannon slippei round as Whistler used to do and th men broke away. Tho men wer instantly to their feet, and Conno I immediately after went to the bridge Cannon lifted and attempted to thro> him, but twisting out of what threateue to be a hammer-lock, succeeded i getting the same grip on his opponeni A great struggle followed. Canuo " resisted the terrible strain until hi muscles stood out like cords, but wit tremendous power Connor forced lui over, and held him until the refere announced the full official time, 6mii lGsee." Bubear broke his seat in the race wit Ten Eyck, thc American, but even the he rowed past the winning mark eig! lengths ahead In the recent sculling match befcwet Haidau and Teenier, when the latt oarsman had passed the half-way bu< and was four lengths ahead, he fouled yacht which was sailing on the cour: but even chen Haitian could not cat up to him. It would be interesting know by what process of reasoning calculates upon having the ghost of show against our Champion. Professor Miller has put up a for£< to bind a match to wrestle Connor Í £100. ¡ In connection with thc race for thc , Im criai Gold Cup, thc hefting was c. t uordinary, being 1000 to 30 ox tho English crack, Ormonde, 40 to 1 against Whitefriar, and 100 to 1 against JjOve gold, the only other starter. The favorite won in a canter, hut what a pot might have heen made had he been made the victim of a turf " accident." A hilliard match, T>00 up, for £40 was played at Sydney the other day between J. Belfield and D. Burlitt, the former getting 75 points start. IJurfitt won by 55 points. His best breaks were -17, 39, 37, 25, 28, again Delfields 48, 23, 21, 22, 21. Another enormous race prize is that of the Prince of Wales Stakes, instituted for 18S9 by the Leicester Jockey Club. For this event prize money to thu tune, of £20,000 is guaranteed. This should induce horses from Australia if nothing else will. A prize worth £10.000 is offered by the same club for competition next year. 