AND ANADTOBIOOBArHY, \- Reprinted from '' The Australasian" of ■ Y !-i , 1867;by special:permission): ! ■ , chapter xiv. „ ,'NB.WOAT.B. - Newgate. How suggestive,thovery word 1 What associations cluster round the name I How tho heroes of the far-famed 11 Oalondar" Btaxt into life at the very sound/and are visioned before us in all their pristine glory I How' it' bears tho memory baok to tho good old timeSi and begets a reverence for " The grand old law, the simple plan, ( That he should take who has the power, 1 And he should keep who oan." : Ghosts glide before us aB we breathe the mystio syllables,and Claude Duval, Oaptain Maheatb, Jonathan Wild, and Jaok Sheppard seem, in the j?pirit, presont. Nowgate 1 thou great school for the improvement of tho mind upon the mutual instruction system ; thou world of xeoondite mysteries; thou teaoher of un known tongues; with thy ehoioo precepts and tby perfect examples, with thy philo sophical .theories and thy daily practices, how many'a youth hast thou tilled with a spurious and misdirected.. emulation,1 and been the means, of raisin# to the most exalted station, tby records ohronioling his fame, and the mansion1 itself becoming his mausoleum 1 Moro th'an ones have I,trodden thy passages where Bleep the dead in their unepitaphed notoriety, and I havo thought of tho poet'fl words and lound it easy to believe that there might reat [ :■' /, :...\ ..." " Some heart onoe pregnant with oelestial fire i > Hands whioh tho rod of cmpiro might have ? swayed,;; rJ, I Of waked fto eostaoy the living lyre." , /Thave' often heard Baid■' that simplicity .'should, be .twin to greatness, and I never ' was bo ioroibly striiok with the truth of this remark as when the liveried footman of Her Majesty's carriage handed me out at the door of Newgate. I bad seen the outBide of one or two of the modern—or model, if you like-rpalatial seminaries for ethical tution, and'the meretrioiouB manner in whioh'they were decked out appeared to me to be a sort of oarvdd commentary upon thoir own weak ness. But here, how different I No wide . portals replete with nrohiteotural ornamenta tion were opened for my reooption. A little wooden wicket turned on its hinges, aud in a moment the busy street was behind me, and a turnkey, a second Daniel Lambert in size, stood before me with a not unpleasant Btnila upon his. faoe, In thoso days photo graphy was not in tho service of the prison, and bo my personal appearance and previous history had to be sketohed with pen and ink. This wbb done instanter—five feet seven and a half, slender, light brown hair, grey eyes, fair complexion, read and write, Protestant, born at Finohley, Middlesex, nge sixteen, onoe in prison before for Vagrancy, congenital' brown mark on right side near upper ribs— nnd the picture was complete. I was then introduced' tb the rocoption ward, where there wore already three inmates. 1 was by no means appalled by tho look of the plaoe. I had been familiar worse in ray non-pro feisional days. There was acoommoddtion . only (or. nine,,if my memory serves me I .rightly. The sleeping berths were contained in. a three storied frame, and tbero were three ruga and a mat to each berth. The ' ward'oontainod a firo-placo„but tho weather being warm thero was of oourse no fire. Over the fire place waeabuet rudely oarved, whioh my companious assured mo was a traditional likeness of Jnoh. Sheppard, Above this was a large board, on which was a painted notice that any' defacing or injury of the books olaoed in the ward would meet with punish ment. What books wore referred to-I oannot say, for I never saw any, except in chapel, during my sojourn in the prison. There was a dietary sale hanging up hy tho side of' the ward door, and a glauca nt this oonvinoed me that tho turtle-loving oivio authorities had' framed it in a sympathetic spirit. I should like to minutely reoord their generous bill of faro, but my raomory in treacherous. I know that tho gtuel was nice aud sweet, that the bread was good, and the meat and potatoes satisfying. Tho precise quantities I oannot now speoify. •' i i' : :t •>'! •. ; : < . ' .V 'II • , ■ I only passed one night in the reoeption ward, and tbiB I spent listening to the narrations ot my companions, two of whom wero in for passing counterfeit coin, and tbeotber for pioking pookets. I must admit, however, that their language for the most part was in comprehensible to me. The pickpocket de scribed bow be fanned a bloak's kick, and then toucbcd him of a dummj-; that tbe bloak tumbled and gave ont tbe pay; that he made tracks like winken; that tbe bloak con tinued to give beefment; that a flat stopped him, and banded bim over to a crusher; tbat be bad slung the dummy; that tbe bloak rapt bard against bim, and so be was fullied to the start, and was sure to get seven etretcb on account of his formers. Tbe two for tbe bad money talked about being out of date, smashng half bulls and counters, ringing tbe obanges, &c.; I told them I didn't know the meaning of all their terms, and so, laughing at my greenness, they explained everything to me. I in my turn astonished them with some of my own doings, and they soon de clared I was no flat after all. In this man ner passed my first night in Newgate. The next morning, after the medioal officer bad examined mo, I was placed in one of tbe ordinary day-wards of the prison. The ward, with the ezocption of being larger, was in all respects the same as tbe reception-ward. There was the fire place, and the painted board with the book notice, tbo rack sleeping berths, the mats and the rugs. There were also two ta bles and four forms, which I remember ex ceedingly well, as tho forms wero UBcd for draught-boards, and the tables for playing at shove-hnlf-penny, buttons being ueed instead of halfpenoe. There wero not more than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I en tered, eight of these were employed at a well known prison game called " ooddem." As I was well-dressed and differed a good deal in appearanoe from the general inmates of tbe plooe, attention was immediately directed to wards me. I oan bear testimony both to the zeal and skill of some of my companions, for before I had been in tbe ward an hour my silk handkerchief, whioh I afterwards ascertained was a 11 beloher," bad changed ownership, having been adroitly filched from my pocket by some light-fingered artist in the "dipping" line of tho profession. I made a virtue ot necessity, and bore tbe loss good- humoredly, and as I could tell a good story, I soon beoamo quite a favourite with my companions. My prison acquaintances were by no means limited vto those confined in tbo same ward with me, for when we wero out in tho airing-yard, which we were half tbo day, tho inmates of three or four yards were together. I don't pretend that my virtue was muoh alarmed at the scenes I daily moved among; but I certainly was as tonished that proceedings such as I witnessed bonr after hour should be allowed in a pri son. Publioly in the airing-yards lessons in crime wore zealously taught on the mutual instruotion prinoiple. The burglar sketched upon the prison pavement the instruments of his trade, and, with fluent tongue, explained their various uses. The shop-lifter explained the various methods by which his branoh of the profession might be profitably pursued. Tbe piokpooket was more apt in deed tban in word, and gave praotioal instructions in " buzzing." In short I have no hesitation in saying that the zeal of the professors in this college was so untiring, the methods of in •truotion so varied and bo apt, the knowledge I imparted bo extended, that any person with'ordinary intellect would, after a term or two, be r qualified for a degree. Two prisoners specially devoted themselves to me. One was a young man not muoh over twenty, good-looking, tolerably well dreBBed, but altogether without education, understanding the word merely in its soholastio sense, He wob one. of the most expert pickpockets in London, and was known aa ''Sullivan the Wire." Tbe other was a middle-aged man; had been three times transported, and boasted of it; knew every oant term of the prison, and oould do something in all the brandies ot prigism ; was a shrewd man of tbo world with a fair amount of intelligence ; was a olever sophiBt in attempting to justify orime; carried on business in London as a "fenoe"; was awaiting trial for reoeiving stolen property, but, for want of sufficient evidenoe, was sure to be acquitted. '• These two oompanions wero apt teaohers, the ono' giving praotioal lessons, and tbe other en forcing with a dangerous plausibility his favorito: theories. Many an hour Sullivan busied himself with an earnestness worthy, of a better cause in instructing me how to piok pookets. Ho was an adept at the busi ness himself, and by constant praotice I soon became bb expert as be was. I have never' exercised my skill for my own profit in the world excopt on one ocoasion, when, having had my pocket book taken from me on the Melbourne raceoourse by one of a party of three, I followed tbem into a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had reoovered my property and emptied tboir pookets into the bargain, a regular "diamond-outdiamondV affair. My other Newgate oompanion— Johnson tho fence—was, in his teachings, of a far more dangerous oharaoter. In favor of orimo bo advanced the same sort of argu ment that 'had ooourred to myself. But there ^wa's this difference between us, however cun ningly I might entanglo myself in my own sop hisms, I was never, oomjpletely deoeived by them, but always bad an innate conviction of their falsity. With Johnson it was other? wise. His mind was so utterly warped that he believed bb he argued, and had no vision of the truth whioh lay beyond his own per nioious dootrines. Faith, either in the false or tbo true, begets earnestness; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teaoher, and, as a. result, made many proselytes. His argu ments on -myself were thrown awny, for-1 havo, never confounded' viae with virtue, or attempted to justify to myself the evil I have committed. Johnson's knowledge of oant I largoly availed myself of, and if I am now an authority in technical termB it is owing to his teachings. I composed several flash songs for tho great master linguist; to be sung in the prison yard, but I now turn from them myself with loathing, and cannot supposo that the reader would do otherwise. Thoee com positions were more ourioua than edifying. It was thus that I passod tho time in New ' gite.. But what aould be expected ? The activities of tho mind will employ themselves,' and in the absenco-of everything good they tiro euro to oooupy themselves with evil. With no books, no occupation of any. kind, it is'not muohto bo wondered at that I and my feUow-priqonerdidisouased orime in all its ramifications, and were daily fitting ourselves for still more guilty deeds on,our return to tho World'than those for whioh we were then awaiting onr doom. Thero was no attempt at olassifloation, and bb for some reason or the other the men were frequently ohanged from ward to ward, by the time tho sessions commenced I had made the aoquaintanoo ot nearly every oommitted pri soner in the gaol. I thus had the oriminal oharaoter before me in a variety of its phases; and, young as I was, and guite as oriminal as any there, I analysed it with a kind ot philo sophical interest. Among the rankest weodi there were still flowers struggling for exist ence—in the naturcB the most depraved re deeming traits were to be found. Most of the crime around me was of prison growth, and the fountain-heads whenoe flowed all its streams were ignorance and poverty. ( To be continued,) 