THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND AND THE CHURCHES OF THE EAST. ? . , Of late years the Church of England has, through the Archbishop of Canterbury, been brought into close relations with several of the ancient Churches of Eastern Christendom. The following translations of letters which have lately been published in the London Guardian, may perhaps interest our readers as exhibiting the cordial goodwill which now seems to exist between the head of the Anglican Communion and some of the representative prelates of the Oriental communions. The first letter is from the Greek Patriarch of Constantinople, in connection with the Mission of Bishop Blyth to Jerusalem and the Levant. The second laftavDnva -Ff/-ovi 'RidI-i/i-i-ic* r\f flia 'KTnofnrion /'IVmvnVi -in Povoian TCnvrKcf.n.n to whom the Archbishop has recently sent several English clergymen with a view of establishing schools among them, and more particularly of superintending the education of candidates for the sacred Ministry. I. ' Dionysius, by the mercy of God Archbishop of Constantinople, New Rome, and (Ecumenical Patriarch, to Edward, the most reverend Archbishop of Canterbury, Exarch of all England and Metropolitan, peace from God and brotherly salutation in the Lord. 1 ' We received with gladness your welcome letter of the 13th of March, by which your Reverence, in the spirit of the love that is in ' Christ, generously addressing us with congratulations upon what the Lord hath wrought with us in elevating our weakness to this most holy (Ecumenical throne, which so many glorious shepherds before us, shining lights in the time of their episcopacy, ennobled and illumined with ageless glory, informing us that, with the knowledge and assent of the most blessed Patriarch of the Holy City Jerusalem, the Lord Nicodemus, you have appointed to be a Bishop the lord beloved of God, George Francis Popham Blyth, a man adorned with understanding and piety, and are sending him to the Holy City to govern the English clergy ministering in Palestine and other places of the East. Now, since your Reverence, in the spirit of Christian love and for the confirmation of the good relations which from long past bind together by the grace of God, the Prince of Peace, the Anglican Church with our own, further adds that the said Bishop will make it a first care to express, both in his life and works, the desire which fills the hearts of many excellent members of both the Churches, to see them fraternally joined in the unity of the faith, and that he will disapprove all endeavour after proselytising in the Orthodox Churches of the East, we joyfully receive these good assurances, dictated by the true spirit of the Christian faith, and assure your Eeverence that the Orthodox Church among us ceases not night and day to beseech her Author and Founder, that there may be on earth one elect flock under one God-man and Chief Shepherd, our \- Lord, knitting together the sundered, and guiding all to think and^ay and work the same thing, to the increase of His own kingdom'1 upon earth; and that she is always glad to seize upon every opportunity to express such her disposition. ... ''Wherefore also we now warmly receive the request of your Beverence, and by our brotherly commendatory letter handed to the illustrious Britannic Embassy here, we hasten to commend the aforesaid Anglican Bishop to the most Blessed and Holy Patriarch of Jerusalem, the Lord Nicodemus. And we hold ourselves in readiness also for the future, to exhibit our brotherly sentiments for your Eeverence in other similiar requests. 'With this reply to you we pray with our whole soul to the Author . and Finisher of our salvation, to enlighten the minds of all men with the light of the knowledge of Him, and to open the hearts of all men to the one faith, love, and hope of His Gospel, that with one mouth and one heart we may glorify the One Godhead in Three Persons, whose saving grace be with you and the flock beloved of you. '1887, 30th April, of your Eeverence highly regarded by us in Christ, the beloved brother in Christ, and most sincere, ? ? »? . 'Dionysius of Constantinople.' II. 'Jah. ? ; ' ?? ????'? 'To His Grace the Chief Shepherd, honourable in Virtues; the Archbishop and Metropolitan of all England, and Primate, whose prayers ana Diessmgs are uesougnt. Aiuer iisiuug . prayers ana blessings, first, we have received a great gift from your Grace in your kind care for us, and especially in your sending these two virtuous, polite, and clever apostles. We rejoice at their coming, and we are strengthened by them, because they are virtuous and self-denying labourers, enduring voluntarily from day to day, both in teaching the boys, in giving lessons to the priests and deacons, and in visiting the villages on Sundays, in visiting the sick, and in helping the afflicted ; they weary themselves with all their strength in all that is given to 1 them, since the day that they came to us till this day, so that it is to . be said, ' They do not give sleep_ to their eyes, nor slumber to their eyelids. ' ? ' ' Secftndly, I that am a receiver of your blessings, who am,' by the mercy of God, a Bishop in the country of Urmi, both with my priests, and with the chiefs of my dioceses, all of us i look on them with' love ,and goodwill.1 We honour and love them as ? we would our own Archbishop,, and still more. All of us obey and listen to their.words ; ' arid so also the other diocese, expect those few people who have gone out of the old Church to the Church of Borne, or to the congregation of Presbyterians: they contradict us, and no wonder if they do the same to your apostles. ; 'Thirdly, the harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few ; and as mediator between the Lord of the Harvest and us, you, our Father, are placed. We are in hope that: you will not refuse to strengthen our dejected Church that depends on your care, on whatever comes from your hand, temporal or spiritual. 'From him who asks your prayers, ' 'James Gomel, in the mercy of God, Bishop of Urmi. 'Signed with our hand and signet, in the Eastern month of May, 5th in it, 1887.' ' -,..', 'Jah. ' ' Superghan, 23rd April, 1887. — To the Eeverend, Honourable, and Mighty, Light of All Creation, the Archbishop of Canterbury, Metro politan, because Christ is our Helper in heaven and earth, you are our helper and carer for us. We, inhabitants of the Diocese of the Nestorians, dwelling in Urmi, offer our request to . the high presence of our holy father. Much, very much, we. thank you for sending those two reverend apostles, Canon Maclean and Mr. Browne, to help 'and visit our poor and afflicted nation, raising schools and rebuilding our churches. Now this is our request to you, our fathers , and brethren which we have in London, the great city. We hope in ' the' Lord you will not be vexed with us, and will not tire of this good 1 deed that you are doing for us. As the Holy Spirit raised up King : Cyrus to rebuild the House of the Lord, even at Jerusalem, so also | God has raised up the gentle spirit of you, our Father, to build up the old Church: of the 'Nestorians. Again, the harvest is plenteous, and there must be labourers for the harvest; we hope in the Lord the business is growing well in Urmi in the hands of these two apostles spiritual .'-We hope' in the Lord you will help this poor and lame people.,. You know the country of Urmi has no traders ; that there may be benefit for the poor people, we hope you will send us help for matters of judgment, and will send us money for the churches, schools, &C.; I : 'Again, if it pleases you, we will send a letter from the congrega tion of the Nestorians that you may not be deceived by the words of strangers (who say) that there are no Nestorians in Urmi ; and we all expect your blessed right hand to defend us and protect us, and our poor, impoverished, and oppressed people. ' The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God our Father, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost, be with us all. Amen. ??' The Bishop Mar Yonan, of (the plain of) Urmi, in the country of Hadarbaijan.' 