TURF GOSSIP. Br Aboub. Victorian turfmen will ring tne oia rear out at Flemington this afternoon. The wave of prosperity which baa swept over this colony during the year 1887 has touched the turf, and should the clerk of the weather prove kind, it will go out to-day at our racing headquarters amid a perfect blaze of triumph. The first item on the sumptuous bill of fare provided by the V.R.C. is the Normanby Stakes. It is not often that a two-year-old race opens the business at Flemington, and it would be all the better, perhaps, if the Hurdle Race had been set down as the intro ductory item. The following are the pro bable starters:— Horse. Pedigree. Jockey. Lonsdale Gladstone Forest Queen .. Double Aarostlc Lord Bundoora.. First King—Yardley Gang Forward—Irish ..Queen Musket—Sylvia Glorious—Acrostio .. the Marquis—Lurline Moore O'Brien Campbell T. Brown Puilen First King's fine son, Lonsdale, has incurred a 141b. penalty by winning the Maribyrnong Plate, and nothing else seems to stand out prominently. The most improving two-year old I have seen is Double Acrostic, who won at Caulfield on Saturday, but she also has to put up a 141b. penalty, and this probably will stop her. Forest Qpeen, who ran in Mr, S. Blackwood's colours, and was third to Double Acrostic, is rather a promising filly, and if Mr. F. F. Dakin has anything better in his stable lie may Appropriate the rich stake which is to be run to-day. Forest Queen is full sister to Martini-Henry, and half sister to Goldsbrough and Robin Hood, so that Bhe belongs to a great family. Lord Bundoora, by The Marquis from Lurline, has the gift of galloping, but can hardly be for ward enough. Of Tom Jonea'a lot, I fancy Gladstone better than Salisbury. He is more liberal in his style, and if Salisbury was not finessing in the Juvenile Stakes, his opponent must prove bis superior. I shall therefore select Gladstone, Lonsdale, and ,Fobest Queen to fill the places. In the Hurdle Race, even though Ellerslie has 12st. 81b., he will trouble the beat of them if his owner should elect to start him. Matron, Moolgai, and Whalebone are all nicely handicapped, but I prefer Oculist to any of these, and, failing him, commend*me to Leroy. The Standish Handicap will attract a pretty strong field, which may be Composed of some thing like the following Horse. Pedigree. ^ Jockey. Lord Wilton .. Countryman—Instep Gardenia .. King of the King Fleur de Us King Arthur Wild Eagle — Mrs. It'Leod .. Newminster — Prim rose St Albans—Prioress Napoleon — Queen Marv.. Conrad—MissHarriett The Marquis—Mizpah The Drummer—Cori sande Napoleon—Talkative B.A. Don Giovanni- Quick I step Harvester ..(Emulation — Talk o' the Hilt mare Newminster — Bull's Eye .. 1. Emulation—Gaiety .. Neckersgat — Irish Queen The Pontiff—Gipsy,. Rapid Bay — Mary Gladstone .. His Lordship—Para dox .. Richmond—Camellia. 'St. Albans — Panic mare.. Neekeregat — Beilona Angler—Aoeof Hearts The Marquis—Loyal Peeress Darriweli—Jar to Lando .. Mercury Newmaster St Odilie Moxart .. Lara Marque .. Chicago.. Lord Alien Victim .. Don Giovan Straight Shot . Wentworth Sedition Raoul .. The Forsaken . Casuist .. Richworth Louise .. Torpedo.. Shark .. Loyalist.. Taleoon.. Trahtn O'Brien Turner Wyman Swanston Ettriiige Rammage Siiuraouds Howie Maybin Anwin O'Connor T. Brown Hutchens Cracknel! Redfeem Moore MartinO'Brien Bingham Howard D. Williams Stratford Ring Fountain This race will produce a most interesting contest Of the top weights I fancy nothing better than Gardenia, and if Mick O'Brien has the mount she will be very hard to beat. Mozart has to put up a 7lb. penalty, and so have The Forsaken and Harvester, but all of these have recently shown good form, and there is nothing like following it I'm in a bit of quandary respecting Morrison's pair, St Odille and Don Giovan, both of whom are brilliant over the distance. If Mr. Harper should start the former in preference to The Forsaken, then she may win, but the other mare has done so well lately that I shall stand her once more. Louise and Richworth are mares that also must be respected, but I shall select The Forsaken, Harvester, and Mozabt to fight it out for places. The Steeplechase will not attract a large field. Mernder can have no show after his inglorious exhibition on Saturday. Kan garoo has been scratched, he having sprained the muscles of his back. Royal Oak shines most when the timber is big, and the pace fast, and he is certain to have both at Flemington. I doubt if Dragon will start, and Marmion is not well used, though be might get home if two or three of the others were to make a mistake. That Kildare is in form we had conclusive proof at Caulfield, and if he doesn't make a mistake he may beat Royal Oak for pace. Yankee Grab can hardly reverse places with Kildare. Kulkyne has been performing in good style lately, and he is almost certain to stand up. I shall, however, rest upon Rotal Oak and Kil dabe, even though the latter has a penalty of 71b-. . ., The Bagot Handicap will not attract a great many horses to the post, and even some of the following may be absentees Hone, ~j Pedigree. Jockey. Neckersgat—Etta ,, Sanders Countryman—Instep Trab&n; Yattenaon—Q. E. D. — Koodee—Adela .. Rammage St Albans — Decep tion ,. .. ..Blair 'imAVhifSer-Peerless Kedfearn Emulation — Talk-o' the-Hfllmare ..T.Brown Doi?Giovanni-Qukk etep O'Connor Conrad—Miss Har riett .... - Aphany—Rosabel le.. White winteriake —Success Cracknel! The' Drummer—Cori sande .. .. Maybin Darriweli— Romula.. Bence Emerald .. Grown Priooe—Chry solite .. •• M'Grath Angler-Ace of Hearts] Ring Dunlop .. Lord Wilton The Levite Omkleigh Meteor .. Lesbia .. Harvester Don Giovan Lara — Ellemtie.. Affluence Uhloogo.. Menottl Emen 8bark The field is not a strong one, and, therefore, ' Dunlop, notwithstanding that be has 9st. 121b., should have a Bhow. He has done good work lately, and being a good weight-carrier be should run very forward. It is probable that Lord Wilton will Cut a much more respectable figure than be did at Eleternwick- park, a course not likely to suit a horse of his style of going. He will have more eoope at Flemington. The Levite hae been under a cloud for some time, or I should have pre ferred him to anythingengaged, The diBt&nce; is, I think, too far for Harvester, but OakleSgh ought to be all at home over a mile and five furlongs, and with.a vigorous horseman up, would be very dangerous. Affluence is another for whom I have a fancy, for on his Bendigo running he Is entitled to consider able reapect lf Meteor were himself, I ehould not look further for the winner, and as Mozart hasshown signs of revival, why! shouldn't his whilom stable companion follow suit? The Yeoman and Lesbia, on their Geelong running should have an outside show, but I prefer Afflobhob, Dcnlop, and OAKLEroH. If there is to be a surprise Eme rald may effect it. The Criterion Stakes will wind up the day, and for this I fancy Dooble Aceostio, Toast- j master, and Wrvia. The result of the A. J.C. Summer Cup was j a surprise to Victorians. Vespasia, the win ner, was, however, a pretty fair performer last year. Mr. W. Forrester's luck stuck to him, for his horse Kitawa was in splendid form, and was regarded as a real good thing, but he broke down, and it is said to be I doubtful it be will ever ra%e again. Fasba must have suddenly lost all form, or he could ! never have made such an exhibition as he | did. The New Zealsnder was absolutely last, which is certainly not his form. The Queen, who has been anxiously expected for | s-ime time, came at last, but the good thing was just upset by a filly that must have been well known to Mr. Mayo, inasmuch as she belonged to the same district, and once gave his mare several pounds, and a beating. Acme performed fairly well, but Silvermine scarcely maintained his reputation, nor did Algerian show to advantage. The first two were very leniently handicapped, and considering that the ground must have been heavy from rain, the time made was almost phenomenal. The pace doubtless settled the heavy - weights, of whom Honeydew seems to have shown more prominently than anything else during the earlier stages of the race. Al though defeated in this race, the Hon. W. A. Long bad quite a field day. His colt My Lord is undoubtedly one of the most bril liant in Australia, especially over short courseB. It was a great performance to carry 8st 121b. to victory in lmin. lGJsec. Volcano, who is all at home in sprint races, was second, but he hadn't the ghost of a I chance with the son of Epigram, who was giving him 71b. The rich December Stakes I also fell to Mr. Long by the aid of Conse- j quence, who was in her beet form, and won just as easily as My Lord had. Mr. Gannon i gained the 100 sovs. for second money with Wycombe, a full brother to Bargo, who will be heard of aB a three year old. Lady Betty did not shine to Buch advantage as she did at Flemington, and probably was not quite herself. Mr. Long was also successful in the A. J.C. Handicap with Dainty, one of the best fillies we have, seen for many a day. Mr. H. Oxenham also Bcored a couple of welcome victories, one with that useful old slave Faugh-a-Ballagh, and the other with his filly The Gift, a daughter of Somnus and Little Wanzer, a rare bred mare. The Hurdle Race fell to a Victorian-bred horse named Mawollack, who has done good service in the ceuntrydistrictsofthiscolony. Notwithstand ing that the club had to postpone on Boxing Day, there was a capital attendance of holiday folk, so that the meeting is likely to have been successful financially. Mr. Cox was wise, indeed, in choosing Monday next for his January meeting. Should the weather prove fine there will be a big attendance, and no doubt some good racing, for the proprietor has a capital pro gramme before his patrons. The Trial Stakes has a large number engaged, and if Impetus will only try he ought to win, and next to him I fancy Young Liberator and Wvvis. The Disposal Stakes should rest between Carnival, Wairarapa, and Honeybee. For the New Year's Gift several good performers have been nominated, and I fancy Epicurean, Raoul, and Newmarket better than anything else. The Hurdle Race will probably produce a good race, Glee, Courage, and Leroy striking me as the best in. Impetus, Yan Yean, and The Judge oughtto fitltheplaces in the Auction Stakes, and I like Gasburner, Violet, and Richworth for the Ascot Handi cap. Mr. Cox has made special arrangements for the public, and those who journey to his pleasant little recreation ground may rest assured that they will see some keen struggles. The first race will start at 1 o'clock, and Mr. Cox has made arrange ments with Mr. Strakerto provide a luncheon in the grandstand enclosure at a moderate charge, and there will be a counter luncheon on the hill. Special trains will Btart from Spencer-street, opposite Collins-street tram way terminus, and ordinary trains opposite Bourke-street terminus, and they will return at intervals of a few minutes after the last race. The Great Northern Derby, to be run at the Auckland Racing Club meeting during the season of 1889-90, closes on Friday next, January 6. The club adds 750 sovereigns,, or 100 more than the V.R.C. Such liberality deserves encouragement The nominations for the Great Northern Foal Stakes also close on Friday. Tenders for catering at Elsternwick-park I during the ensuing year will be received by Mr. T. Hayaon up to 4 p.m. on Wednesday next That most important of all autumn double events, the Newmarket Handicap and the Australian Cup, close at 4 p.m. on Wednes day next, January 4. The former event, as most Australian turfmen are aware, will be run over six furlongs, and being productive of considerable speculation, it is exceedingly popular with racing men in all quarters of Australasia. Moreover, the added money has been increased to 500 sovs., and every body will be glad to see that the Australian Cup is now twice as valuable as iii former years, the club having increased it to 1,000 sovereigns, which in itself is a nice little stake to win. Amid the revelry and excitement of our New,Year festivities racing men must not forget that there are some other important entries to attend to next week. The princi pal items of the Geelong Racing Club close at 4 p.m. on Wednesday next, ana to suit the convenience of owners at a distance ar rangements have been made to receive entries at the V.R.C. office, Melbourne, and the A. J.C. office, Sydney, as well as at the office of the secretary, Mr. J. D. Robinson. The S, A. J.C., Adelaide, is also included, but this club has been defunct for Borne time, and bas no office in Adelaide, thongh ,1 daresay Mr. S. Barnard would consent to receive entries. First among the events that close on Wednesday next is the Geelong Cnp of 200sovs.i with atrophy valne 100 sovs., which is presented by the stewarda This iB a race which is always popular with raping men, and I hope they will not neglect it 'The Stake is always accompanied oy a beautiful specimen of the goldsmith's art, and this alone is an incentive to the true sportsman to nominate. The other , events that close on Wednesday are the Geelong Handicap of 150 sovs., Hardle Race of 76 bovs., Railway Handicap of 75 sovs., Grand-stand Stakes of 60 sovs., Juvenile -Stakes of 70 sovs., and Steeplechase of 100 sovb. Elsternwick-park entries also close at 4 p.m. on Wednesday next The programme comprises a Maiden Trot of 40 bovs., January Handicap of 75 sovs., Hurdle Race of 75 bovs.. Time Handicap Trot of 75 sovs., Flying Handicap of 75 sovs., Selling Race of 100 aova, and Elstemwick Handicap ot 75 bovs. \- ■ ul. ; ■ I Entriesjrili be received at 100 Bourke-street weat\0," -— At the UtnJ^Har(In3ia) j,acea last month the Australian geldingDigby won a couple of hurdle races, and Tandarook, who also hails from these partsj, was victorious in the Grand Military Steeplechase. At Hyderabad the English horse Fitzwilliam walked over for the Merchants' Purse and St. Leger, and Oscar Dignum's English horse, Charles Stnart, won the Substitution Stakes. The chief race of the meeting was the Hyderabad Gold Cup, which was appropriated by the Australian mare Mistral, who beat the English horses Fitzwilliam and Charles Stuart. Mistral was bred by Sir Thomas Elder, and is hy Dsrri well from Cyclone. She was taken to India by Mr. E. Weeks, who, so an Indian paper states, has sworn to win the Civil Service Cup this season, or leave his bones to whiten on the Lucknow course. The Civil Service Cup is to be run at the Lucknow meeting in February, and is one of the richest, if not the very richest of all, stakes in India. It is for ponies, and the club adds 5,000 rupees. I believe large Bums cau also be won in the lotteries. It iB reported that after the Auckland meeting James Kean will start for Melbourne with toe New Zealand horses Cuirassier, Braemar, and Pearl Shell. The laBt-named is the crack two year old of the North Island, &nd; is engaged in most of the good things of the V.R.C. Braemar is full brother to Mitrailleuse, and is spoken of as a very promising youngster, while Cuirassier is full brother to Trenton, and is said to be one of the grandest colts ever seen in New Zealand. He is engaged in the V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run at the autumn meeting, and also in the V.R.C. Derby, to be run in the spring. Should the Hon. W. Robinson and Mr. G. G. Stead also send over their contin gents, the southern colony will be very strongly represented at the autnmn meeting, which promises to be the most successful ever held under the auspices of the leading :lub. In addition to the New Zealand horses already named, we shall probably see Trenton, Niagara, Spade Guinea, Pasha, Whakawai, Escutcheon, and other horses raised in the land of the Maori. It will be remembered that during the time small-pox prevailed in Northern Tasmania the racecourse buildings were used for accommodating the patients. Since the disease was stamped out a lire took place, and the old booths, stables, jockeys' room, and press rooms were destroyed. I'm not sorry, for the apartments devoted to the press and the jockeys were hardly what they should be, and it is to be hoped the new structures will he something more worthy of the club. While they are about it the officials might extend the saddling paddock. Mr. Grubb, the proprietor of the ground, will stand a portion of the expense, and he has expressed his intention ot handing over to the club whatever compensation money is paid him hy the Government He has also determined to grant a fresh lease of live years at £90 a year. It was not an act of courtesy on the part of the Ballarat Miners' Race Club to assume the name of the Ballarat District Turf Club, and Mr. Loughlin and other leading sportsmen of the district resented it in a becoming manner. I'm glad to hear that the committee at once acknowledged the force of the objection to the change, and at a meeting decided that the club should retain its old name. Had this not been done there would have been trouble between the Miners' Club and the Ballarat Turf Club through the similarity in their names. It was a mistake, and the per petrators have had the good sense to rectify it The Caulfield trainers are anxious that semaphores, similar to these in use at the Fleraington training-ground, should be erected at each furlong. Why don't they aBk Mr, Bond to oblige them ? The wind blew a little keenly at Caulfield on Boxing Day, but on the whole it was a glorious day for out-door sport, and there was a capital attendance. Loud complaints were made respecting the railway service, some of the " special" trains occupying over an hour to get to the course, and large numbers of people had to put up with rattle-trucks, in which several people had their clothes badly damaged. I suppose some allowance must be made for the tremendous strain upon the Railway department during holiday time. This year it was greater than ever, and consequently there was some excuse for the delay. There was nothing sensational in the racing. That good-looking mare Anarchy, who was looking beautiful, opened the ball by winning the Selling Race, and Kelly had to pay £140 to get her back. Sussex can lay claim to apretty good horse in Leroy, who won the Hurdle Race like a workman, and Mr. Gill is to be congratulated upon posses sing one that is likely to carry his new colours with credit I fancy there were two or three behind the placed horses who had indulged too freely in Christmas fare, and, like the spectators, were out for a holiday. Leroy is by Sussex from a Panic mare, and if the Western breeders would send their Panic mares to the horse that carried Mr. Goyder's colours so well, I fancy the reputation of the Western district as the nursery of the hurdle racer and steeplechaser would be revived. In the Summer Cup was witnessed the re vival of a good racehorse in Mozart, who has for some time been nuder a cloud, and I am only sorry that Mr. R. G. Talbot was not present to regain some of the heavy losses he sustained over the son of Napoleon. _ N. Campbell had the taoree in good condition, and the long run of ill luck that stuck to him «o pertinaciously having at last been broken, he may send out several more winners during the season. There were good grounds for the protest made by Mr. W. E. Dakin, for Mozart undoubtedly interfered with Escutcheon more than once, 'and it was so plain to most people that there Was a general opinion that the judge's verdict would be reversed. I wan in a capital position just behind the stewards at the eastern end of the new stand, and saw every thing that occurred, but Mr. George Watson, who was called in, declared that Mozart never deviated from his line, while Escutcheon did. He must have been mis taken, for Mozart ran from the centre ot the course to the rails, and certainly did interfere with Escutcheon, upon whom Cracknell made a great effort below thev distance, bat Mozart crossed him, and then when he tried the inside, where there was plenty of room, he crossed bim again, ana this last interference was right under the eyes of the stewards. I'm satisfied, however, that if Mozart had kept on the even tenour of his war he would nave won easier than he did, and possibly this had some influence upbn the stewards in giving their decision. Now that Mozart has returned to his form we may see him doing some of those brilliant things which made him famous as a three year old. Gardenia, who also was sadly interfere! with, ran a good mare, bnt none of tht others displayed much form, Kohai. whi> evidently has hot recovered from the seven* cold he was suffering from, finishingabsolutely last. LO.U. also and ; Menotti ran indiffe rently. In Double Acrostic J. .Grippa has a pretty good filly ;«he yon the two-year-old race in good style, though it .was a very near thin& mahy people who stood on the lawn believing that Impetus just beat her, but I etood almost in a line with the post, an" from that point of observation I could see that Double Acrostic bad about a neck the best of it. 1 have before mentioned tha the winner was bred by Mr. James Mitchell, at his Tableton stud, and she is by the imported borse Glorious from Acrostic, by Fame from Puzzle, by Daniel O Rourke from Algebra, the dam of the great Kiiglish per former Lecturer. When Ruby fell in the Steeplechase Kildare had nothing to fear from the others, and having all ot his com petitors dead Bettled at the last fence, he won very easily. The Caul field country suite this horse better than Flemington. the fences being easier of negotiation, and it is now quite certain that Corrigan made no mistake in purchasing him for a steeplechaser. Memderran well lor about two miles, but then he began to tire, and Yankee Grab is evidently not anything approaching a first class horse. Cripps has a useful annual m Harvester, who won the last race of the daj very cleverly. , What a splendid programme the Sydnej Turf Club has put forth for the 25>tb or January. It was originally intended that tue meeting should be held on Anniversary Day, January 26, but as the New South Wales people are desirous of making a gr.eat aqiuatic demonstration on that day, the S.TC.bae determined that the races shall be held on Saturday, the 26th, and the programme, which will be found in the advertising columns, is worthy of the occasion. I be An niversary Handicap is the most conspicuous prize, for 2,000 sovereigns will be distributed between the first, second, and third horses, the winner receiving l,o00 sovs., the second 350 sovereigns, and the third 150 sovereigns. This race closed some time ago with iU subscribers, and as the distance is_ only a mile and three furlongs there is certain to be a large field for it There are five other events, and first on the card is the Centennial Stakes of 250 sovs., a handicap of six furlongs. To the Hurdle Race the club adds 150 sovereigns, and next to this is the January Stakes of 100 sovs., a Selling Race for two year olds. After the Anniversary Handicap comes the Sovereign Plate of 150 bovs., seven furlongs, the lowest weight 7sfc, and the winner to be sold for a sovereign. This ought to bring something to the funda The wind- up is the Corinthian Plate of 100 sovs., a mile and a quarter handicap, in which the lowest weight will be 9st 71b., and the competitors will be ridden by amateurs approved by the committee. All these events, except the Anniversary Handicap, close with the secretary of the S.T.L., Mr. I. S. Clibbom, or at the V.R.C. o&ce;, Mel-; bourne, at 4 p.m. on Wednesday next, January 4. , ; Robinson Crusoe's son Sextant won the Northern Derby, ran at Auckland on Tues day This colt, it will be remembered, was bought by Dan O'Brien at the sale of Mr. De Mestre's yearlings, and has more than once distinguished himseli in Isew Zealand It is reported that Mr. G O. Stead purchased him and Gipsy King from O Brien for 2,400 guineas. If this be trne Mr. Stead may come amongst us with a strong team for our autumn meeting. Sextant is engaged m the Champion Stakes, and this being so Mr. Stead will probably nominate him for other It may be as well to remind owners of horses that the chief events of theTasm&man; Racing Club close on Monday, the 9th of January. The conditions will be found m the adver tising columns. As usual,the Hobart Cup is the leading feature, and to this the club adds 300 sovs.; the distance is a mile ana a halL The Wilson Stakes of 150bovb. ie a handicap of once round and a distance, and the 4-R.y. Handicap of 110 Bova will be run over a mile and a quarter. To the Steeplechase the club adds 130 so vs., and Mr. David Taylor, a very enthusiastic sportsman, will Pte®^ J"he winner with a trophy value foO. TheTas tnanian Turf Club will have to be attended to at the same time, the races that close being the Launceston Cup. Two-year-old Stakes, Selling Race, Newnham Stakes, Mowbray Hurdle Race, and Steeplechase. Mercury has proved more than an oat winner to R. Wyroan. He scored a double victory at Winchelsea on Boxing Day, and Ariadne also won a couple of races. Murmur was the heroine of the Ballarat Miners' meeting. This daughter of St Albans seems to improve with age, and may yet land a good stake for Mr. Chalk. Mr. Bond informs me that the profits on the late V.AT.C. meeting exceedea those of last year by about £400- This is, indeed, satisfactory, and is only another proof of the advance the sport is making. The numbers taken by rail were 1,528 more than in 1880, the total being 4,941 against 3,413. . After experiencing so much ill-luck in the spring, it was very gratifying to see the WU liamstown Racing Club have such a glorious day and bumper attendance at the summer meeting. It was just the day that one could enjoy sport of any kind—a gentle breeze from the southward tempering the rays of the sun, and making one feel happy and on good terms with everybody else. Mr. Josepn Harper was once more on band with one of bis own breeding, The Forsaken, who won the principal race of the day in good style, but Bhe met her mistress at the weights when Honora measured, strides with her in the last race of the day. Holman, a yonng jockey who gives promise as a rider of jumpers, was successful in tbe double with Walhalla and Kulkyne. A mile and a half just suits the musical son of Bras de Fer, and be made euch tracks after they left the straight that nothing rould catch bim. Chitney has a useful gelding in The King's Son, who won the Maiden Plate, and young Joseph Harper's filly Carnival did the club good service by winning the DtepoaM Stakes and toeing bought in for which went to the funds. Kulkyne was in rare heart and humour, jumped gmndly, and won tbe Steeplechase easily, Mr. W. to. Cox, jun., once more occupying the nnenvia,ble position of second. It is a Jong lanethathas no turning, end I suppose Mr. John Whit tSngbam's turn has come withi Hoitoraa vie fcftyin the Joyful Handicap. She is a spiry< bemhg-gutted sort of a mare, but a rate-bred one* land a great galloper. On her last victory at Caulfield this race looked a cer tainty for her, and so it proved. t Tbe Landsborough programme appears this week. Entries for the principal evente, close with the hon. secretary. Mr. W. B., Hodgetta, on Wednesday, January li. The Bacchus Marshm^ting will takeplace on Saturday next, die 7th January. Mr. F. A. Lang, the hon. secretary, writes me that evewelort has been made to make the meet a success. Mr. Skinner will look after; «d .TX" well as a nnmber of waggonettes ana private rAictofSSreopTey tbe visitors from the , railway to the course. ! At the Riddell'e Creek meeting, Blooms w, Gar!ing announces by wmrtise m*nt that he mil bold stock sales dnring tbe New SonthWalt* $1 grounds,':and after walfds jd hi® ?P~ IJxhibitors liavtng atock to die* pose of are requested to send in particulars j as early as possible. The Huriingham-psrk programme for the 12th January will be found among the late | advertisements. There are seven events, five for ponies and two for horses. Entries close at the Australian Hotel, Bonrke-street, or the Club Hotel, Brighton, at 6 p.tn. on i Wednesday next, January 4. . ' The Wyndham Racing Club programme is published this week, and contains six items. They are a Trial Stakes of 50 sovs., for all horses who have not won an advertised prize of more than 20 sovs., special weights; Hurdle Race of CO sovs., Werribee Handicap of 80 sovs., Selling Stakes of 50 sovs., Sum mer Handicap of CO sovs., and District Plate of 20 sovs. Entries close at the V.R.C. office nt4p.ni., and at the Werribee Hotel, at 8 p.m. on Monday, January 9. That genuine old sportsman, Tom Jordan, arrived from Adelaide on Wednesday, and will remain in Victoria a few days to dispose of the fillies he sent over. The secretary of the Rosehill Racing Club notifies by advertisement that the fee for bookmakers who wish to bet in the grand stand reserve during the coming year will be 15 guineas. This will include free admission to the paddock for self and two ladies. Ap plications will be received in writing at tne offices of the club, 4 Hunter-street. From the wording of the advertisement it would appear that the grand stand enclosure is to restricted to members of the Victorian Club and Sydney Tattersalls. I might remark that there are many reliable men in Bowes' Tatter salls. The fee for betting in the hill reserve will be £1 per day, payable in advance. Sydney Tattersall's meeting will commence to-day and finish on Monday. Here again a splendid bill of fare has been provided, and a number of Victorians have gone over to aesiBt in discussing it The two great races of the meeting are Tattersall's Cup and the Carrington Stakes. For the former I fancy Crossfire, The Quf.ex, and Arsenal, ana for the latter First Flaneur, Mr Lord, and Exigma. On Tuesday next, at Kirk's Bazaar, Messrs. Campbell and Sons will dispose of a draft of the Hon. W. Pearson's horses. The lot in cludes some remarkably well- bred animals which should he well suited for the Indian market. The gates, booths, &c.;, for to-day's V.R.C. meeting were sold on Tuesday, at Kirk's Bazaar, by Messrs. Campbell and Sons, the following prices being realised Na 1 stand bar, £14; No. 2 do., £15 ; No. 3 da, £26; No. 4 da, £26; No. 5 do., £34; No. 5 hill booth, £40; No. 9 da, £17 ; new saddling-paddock bar, £22; No. 8 flat booth, £15; No. 6 do., £14; onter carriage-paddock, £10; main gates, £8L Books have been opened on the Bagot. Plate, bnt the only horse that has received anything like substantial support is -Oak leigh, whose friends accepted 5 to 1, and from these odds be has advanced to 3 to L Indian bnyers and others mast not forget th&t; Messrs. Campbell and Sons hold a sale of thoroughbred and half-bred horses at Wodonga on the 13th January. They are the property of Mr. H. J. Bowler, by Horatio, John Bull, The Barb, See., from well-bred mares. When doctors differ who shall decide! Mr Marson, who attended the imported horse Charles L before he died, declared that he was suffering from congestion of the brain, but Mr. ;Allan, who made the post-mortem examination, tells me that the horse died from congestion of the lungs, and that he must have been suffering from other internal disorders tor some considerable time, as his liver and other portions of his body were al most rotten. Mr. S. Nathan informs me that there was no truth in the report that he had backed The Frenchman before he scratched Sorcerer for the Selling Race at Elsternwick. He de clares that be hadn't a shilling on the winner. The following stakes won at the Christ mas meeting of the Williamstown Bating Club are now payable at the office of the Victoria Racing Club: —J. Harper," first Christmas Gift, £90, and second the Joyfnl Handicap, £10; J. Harper, jun., first Disposal Stakes, £80; J. James, first Maiden Plate, £65; second Christmas Gift, £10; A Ander son, first Steeplechase £65; J. Whittingham, first the Joyfnl Handicap, £65 ; H. Chifney, first Maiden Plate, £50; G. Lawson, second j Hurdle Race, £10; W. S. Cox, jun., second Steeplechase, £10. At the Carrick (Tasmania) meeting on Box ing Day the principal event, the Carrick Plate, a two mile weight-for-age race, at tracted nine runners, and after a slashing I race the prize fell to Mr. C. S. Agnew's Pocahontas, who carried 9st. lib. The winner is the well-known daughter of St Albans. Tbe Victorian bred colt Merlin, . by Lothair from Song, was second, and Sir Wilfred third. For the Maiden Plate there were also nine starters, and the race was won j by Mr. S. Page's three-year-old filly Semi rami8, by The Assyrian, from Princetta. Another good field laced the Btarter for the Two- year-old Stakes, and Mr. C. S. Agnew's Chaldean was the favourite, hut the start was a bad one, and Mr. Bain's Row al Ian, by Commotion's brother Albert, defeated Chaldean by a length. The Hurdle Race was won by Mr. J. Kearney's Chandler, the Steeplechase by Mr. G. Law's Flashlight, and the Entally Handicap by Mr. CL Krushka'a Ballarat. At Ringarooma, where there were | seven races, the Krashka Brothers won all bnt one, and that was a back race, Mordialloc Races will take place on Toes day next, and as Mr. Bradshaw has received very fair entries for the various events, there should be some sport worth seeing. Arrange ments have been made for coaches and waggonettes to meet the trains, and the pro-; prietor informs me that there will not be any cause for complaint on this score. Tbe Ballarat Polo Club will hold a race | meeting on the Miners' Course on Friday, January 13. The programme comprises no less than nine events, viz.:—Tanaem Race, of 10 sovs.; Handicap, of 15sovs.; Polo Ball Race, ot 10 sovs.; Ladies' Bag, of 10 sovs.: Umbrella and Cigar Race, of 6 sovs.; and Consolation Stakes, of 7 sova, for ponies: and Selling Flat Race,. of 30 sova, ana Steeplechase, of 40 sova, for horses. Entries close with the hon. secretary, Mr. James Johnston, at Craig's Hotel, Ballarat, at 8 p.m. on Thursday, January 5. Marmion has left for Sydney in charge of Malone. . , , Oakleigh, Marque, and Victim arrived from Ballarat yesterday, and joined Kildare. The. Ballarat Miners' Turf Club will hold a race meeting on the,26th January. Full par ticulars wlllbefound in the late advertise ments. Entries close with the hon. secretary, Mr. R. T. Moore, at Brophy's Hotel, Ballarat) i at 8 p.m. on Monday, January 16. V.B.C. SoaAreuixes,—Hurdle Race—Ace, Courage,, Revenge, Dragon; WhiriebonS.' Stan dish Handicap— 1 The Charmer. Bagot Handicap—-The Slave, Kohal, Tbe. Teowao. sSleepiechaee—Jtanararoo, liarmion, Dragon. Criterion Stakes—Witch ot findor. 