ýravellcr. Celestial Oddities.-The Chinese wear white during the periods of mourning, never black. They whiten their shoes with chalk instead of blacking them, and mount their horses from the off side. The men in China wear the petticoats, while the women inva riably wear pantaloons. Men run the dress making and millinery stores, and every man carries a fan, either in his hand or tucked in the collar of his dress behind the neck. Women smoke on all occasions. When a man has suffered an injury at the hands of another and desires revenge, instead of killing his offender he kills himself, believing that the man whom he hates will be held accountable for hils death, and will be fearfully tormented by demons in this world and in the next. If a Chinaman wishes to especially honor any. .one, he assigns him to a standing or sitting position on his left hand. Instead of a Japan ese Woman compressing her feet as her Chinese sister does,she has a custom far more disgusting. They naturally hbae tine teeth, but when a woman marries she is compelled by custom to dye her teeth black, which pro cess is repeated every few years. The effect is hideous in the extreme. Themostimport ant article of a native woman's dress, is the obi, or sash. This is usually of costly mate. nralt and is tied behind in a huge bow with the strictest care. When a Japanese woman becomes a widow and signifies herdetermina. tion never to marry again, she ties the obi in front. They seem to smoke all the time. The tiny Japanese pipe contains but two or three whiffs, and as the tobacco is rolled up tightly in the fingers before it is inserted, the ash when shaken out is n small fireball, from which asecond pipe islighted. Ata Japan ese feast the same cup is passed from hand to band. each person rinsing it in a bowl of water after using and before offering it 'o another. The lowest class of Japanese are buried in a squatting position, in a sort of barrel. It is a mistake to suppose that the burying of the dead is universal in Japan. The rich and the noble are buried in square coflins, the body being partially preserved from decay by lilling the nose, ears and mouth with vermillion. After death the person receives a new name. 'This name is ' Okwuna " or the aecompanyingnname. It is customary on accasion of the first visit toa house to carry a present to the owner, who gives somletlhong of equal value on returning the visit. Cats in Japan are found with stumps where there should be tails. Some. times this is the result of art, and sometimes the course of nature. All the temples of Japan, as well as of China, have guests' apartments, which may be secured for a con. sideration, either for a short or long period of time. It is wrong to suppose that there is any desecration of a sacred shine for the pur pose of using it as a hostelry; it is the cus. tom of the country. The practice of suicide by disemnbowselling is of greatantiquitv. On entering a Japanese house the native re moves :his sword, leaving only his dirk. The rooms of the house are divided by paper screens, which form partitions, and they may be made into one room at will. Dynamite for Sharles.-There are inot many ways of destroying this hated and dreadsed sea-tiger. To harpoon it lsecds a practised eye and a cunning hand; more over the vessel should be at anchor or be calmed and the shark stealthily moving within reach of the harpooner's muscle. The lump of beef or pork, the large hook con nected by a chain to the line, the adroit paying out of the bait in the true spirit of malignant coquetry - these are the old fashioned and still enduring devices, whliehlt have been the reason of many th..osand of the sailor's abhorred enemy givin_, u., the ghost. anti then returning to thli. eep, in mutilated fragments, to serve as fto d for othlier sharks. hut, unhappily, this mcth'?ti of lishing is not sure. The creatiur. oftn escapes after gorging tIe Lh,,k. u o aIke his destruction certain it c :.n1a:sary to blow hint up; nd lthies ba lai :t cn t;er formed with such great .snuce; "- Lint only to entitle those who unlc-rtook the busiatss to the applause of thi: seafaring vorld but , to invite earnest imitation whn :evr oppor. I tunity suffers i'nitati: tol be nh?i ile.? The story lass -ben thb's re?:- , -: A ship was lately uyinie o rt isa -rtsl. vb-enseveral i huge sL;akh, -,ue of themn exceeding fifteen feet in l;ength, were observe-ed sweeping 1 unlder the .cisel's cou:ter and along her Fles. L hck s b'itited and thrown over. Loa:. anti was ilimcediately swallowed by ac -.,i thoe big:est o? the sharks, which ,,:ctly ct th!u lin:e with his teeth, taking nI, f Ialtiher rtier s?I it. The following stra iacmnt w' hI i 1it : upon: 'Ice rf:,st ,.o a buck that was rather Sli b." a,d the fitter bait in consequence for sh-ar., who cannot be regarded as very uic' ia their eating, was weighted that it uiiht sink; and inside of it there was placed a iand charge of gun cotton, the whole being 1 co-n:ieced by a wire with an electric battery. No stoner had the venison reached the water than the shark made straight for it. but just as he opened fis mouth to swallow the bait the charge was exploded, his jaws being completely shattered. The monster turned on his back and sank in the bay. Here is a I satisfactory assurance that there is one shark I less in the sea, though such is this fish's ex. traordinary tenacity of life that, had the shark not made a sure death sign by turning on its back and quietly sinking, the blowing away of part of the head would not have persuaded these who knew the creature's vi. tality to feel sure that he was dead. Cut a shark into pieces, and like fragments of the everlasting worm, each piece will goon puls. lag with a hideous instance of life. Cashmere's Capital and Its People. Cashmere, which has just been devastated by an earthquake, is a kingdom in the north west part of India, including the vale of Cashmere, made famous by the poet Moore. Scriugur, the capital. has a population of about one hundred antd tIlrty-live thousand. It eztcnds about four miles along both sides of ra deep and placid stream, about three eundrcd feet wide. From its delightful situation antl innumerable canals, Serinur hats been caltled the Venice of Asia; but the city is, for the mnost part, extremely filthy. 1 'rThe houses, which are generally delapiated,. are built of thin bricks, with timter framnes, I many of themn three stories high. fixty th,usandl pIeople can worship in the miosquc. The capital is ithe centre of the shawl manu. facturs of cashmere. The men are ta5l, robust, well formed. and industrnous: the women famous for their beauty and flue eompllexions. They are a gay people, fond of pleasure, literature and lpoetry, but are reltpresented by many tra. vellersas peerless. in cunning and avarice, and notuoiously addicted to lying. Notwith. standing the beaut- 6f their vale, the popu. Intion, since the beginninguof the iresent I century, has been reduiced from eight hlun- i dred thousand to tewo hundred thoLusand by pestilence, famine, and earthquakes, Under the treaty of Lahore, in 1816. the Biritishl i government came into eontrol, but immedi-. ately sold the country for £7.30,000. The present ruler, by a compact made at the time of the iurehase, is to be assisted by the Ilritish in dcefendig himself against his etnies. . " • Children Lose in Weight.-Doctuis say that mothers who take pride in tie weight I of their newly born chilircns, should weigh them ass on as possible after birth. Chil-i dren lose their weight dluring the flirst three days of life, and the loss somnetimes atntuuts to twelve ounces or more. It .takes them nearly a week to rsgain the weight they htad at the time of birth. - A timid Chinamandinol with h rhcounr ladies of ul,. Ilohi-k, Suminary i: f-.v s--,to since. HIlis laconic remark at Icaviog 5wa. :- , Too much plnlty girl." 