KLSTIÍRNWICK.PAI.K RACKS. Despite the unseasonable and uncomfort- able weather on Saturday, There was a very fair attendants at I Istirnwiek park, and though fields were small, the racing was me resting throughout. I he meeting opened with a Maiden i rot for which Monitor was made the favourite, but the outsider Char man, who fell from start to finish, non in the easiest possible manner Hill a dog a Maried It r the Hurdle Race, w high Mt Elmo won from Spartan and Plaudit, For the Easter li Murray Honora had the call in the betting over her over it, and getting away) well, she won cleverly in the straight there was an insect sting interest between the winner, and Munwyrtina and at the li ill distance it appears 1 as it the colt would take a dead he at or it. I he in use however, Htiu".,lctl "trachyte tin i nil, and won li) a nt elt I h Su i presence was a poor s sion almost from start to finish Alters lion It II after the first mile and Misfortune beat the favourite, I artistic] or in the run home St Michael beat four others in the St him. once and was sold to Mr. H Smith for LIoyd of which the club received fcO sovereigns. The limiting was brought to a conclusion by the 1 iBiirnwiek park lands up, for which there were it not monitors IS Hinnnil was Blake. the favourite at 7 to 2 and J Rout) lies, I air Savon, Vasco, Cats 1 e an I Mustang had fair support. Hosmoiul, who had the services of Cracknell, ran a waiting race in the home turn, w here he came away and won cotutorttililv Honey-bee was second, and Childe Harold third MAlUtV I HIS Gossow. sectional IOHOVS Oat) heat Two miles, Vlr VI Hoad s b or br L. Charcoal, aged, lost, 1011 (O vin i) Mr W h. Of life I s cr g, Monitor, aged, 9st. 10lb (Mulholland 2 Mr J G Wells 11 s eli li Walter Scott, aged, 8st. 10lb (J tjula) 3 Mr C. Caldwell sit, Town Time. aged, 9st 10lb (R Olnsscirl.) 0 Mr I Hobbins a br li Marshall Mr 0 were 10st. 5lb (Mary )) 0 lietilin,-7 to accept Monitor, S to 1 agst Walter St tt i to 1 best Charcoal I live entry to a standstill and as soon as till) were settled down Charcoal went to the front and was never lins le I 111 favourite with his effort at the mile mark but was unable to cut within VO lengths at the Keilor Walter ea t it is about the same this t then lit butter for clay! pit ev i lie matters walked in lillie, Culla 7sec HURDLE RACE, Of (to say a., second, 10 sons One mile and the furlongs Mr M P W MU) s b m Alcohol, b) King Arthur Birralee 5yrs lose 4lb (rennison) 1 Vlr t> mountain ma ch g bearing, 6 or five, lost (dark) 2 Mr I minims his PI tulle, 6yrs 9st 7lb Gardiner S Mr H Bence s br in Ava 6 or five as lost 4lb (Vales) 0 Mr F, M bonds b g Trooper, 6 v rs, (1st. 1911 (Vloipiridue) 0 Iii 1 ï 1 rickshaw as eli li V allow flaming, 6 yrs 6st 7lb. (car)) 0 little -6 to 4 unit Plaudit 31 to 1 agst Woolgar 4 to 1 agst Ava IS to 1 agstbiaruui Av a male p so as soon as the pair went den, by the Spartans and V allow manner as attendants, and tries class I nations were changed as soon as they settled into their stride, when 1 Laurent assumed the lead and carries! Trooper Moolgal, spartan Ava, and Yellow Hammer in the order named, round the turn, down the straight and past the stand leaving the straight Plaudit and Moolgal were within half a length of each other, Hooper next, Ava and spartan In our pony, and Yellow Hammer dropping further to the rear Along the back Moolgal had a length advantage over the (favourite. Spartan headed the others, who with the adoption of Yellow Haranvsr, wire the other At the turn Spartans who are feared to be going well, was called on to reach the fenders, but the attempt was most feeble. Moolfral won In a carrier, by a length and a ball , than this I Plaudit, four lengths away. AIF fourth, Troops next, and Yellow Hammer last. Time-ball. lSJsec EASTER HANDICAP, Of 75 was.; second, 10 SOVS. Five furlongs!. Mr. J. Whittingham's br m Honora, by Hawthorn don-Keepsake, 6 yrs, 7st 8lb. (Richmond) .. 1 Mr. S. Miller's bro- Munwyrtina, 3 yrs, 8st 10lb. n (Twomey) 2... 2? Mr. J. Crozier, future, but Childe Harold, aged, 5st 7lb. (Simmons).. to .. B Mr. L. L. Smith's b c Louis II., 4 i at, St H'b. (Q. Blair).,".. 2 Mr. J. O. Reid'! by s Dot Iron, 3 yrs, 6st He., carried est. 616. (D. Williams) .. .:.;." Mr. AE. Bradshaw- ns ch m Seaweed, and, 6st., carried 6st 8lb. (Crobcr) .. -- .. ,",,u Betting 5 to i agst Honora, 3 to 1 after Louis II. 4 to 1 nest Munn v runs. 5 to 1 agst Hot Iron. After me delay at the post, used by the variety oftbobojson Louis, Childe Harold, and Muiiwjr time to get well away, Honor: had a good length advantage over everything. Munwyrtina was next to show, and then followed Childe Harold, Louis II , Hot Iron, and Seaweed last. Along the side they were all close together, the only change being that Hot Iron had dropped back to the last place. Round. Ing the turn Honora and Munwyrtina were in close company, and the others were all within a length of each other. At the distance Munwyrtina was on terms with the favourite and a few strides further had a neck advantage. The boy on Honora kept nor going, and at the half distance they were head and held, the mare ultimately winning by a neck. Childe Harold was four lengths away. Then came Hot Iron, Louis II., and Seaweed last. Time 1min. GJsce. STEEPLECHASE, Of 20 sons., second 10 soil. About one mile and three quarters Mr. J. Gardiner's b g Misfortune, by 011% er Twist, aged, 10st Jib. (Gardiner). Mr R. Gray us br g Tandstlckcr, aged, 9st 111. (Anderson) 2 Mr. T. A Watson's b g Banker, aged, 10st 12lb. Ferguson 3 Mr. J. Walsh's g g Alteration, aged, 9st 1210., carried last (Madeline) 3 Betting -7 to 4 Best Tandstlckcr, 2 to 1 agst Misfortune is to 1 agst Hanker. Tandstlckcr led the other three to the first fence, where Hanker blundered so badly that he throw Ker guion out on to his neck. After this the four scattered over a hundred yards Tandstlckcr and in front of Alteration ; Banker was next, and MMortuno last. At the sod will Banker was taken to the front, but was jumping so unkindly that he almost came to grief at Lr Die next two fences. At the first obstacle after leaving the straight Alteration came down, and Misfortune, pis Ing Banker, set sail for Tandstlckcr, who vvasleO yards in advance. Rounding the turn for home the pair were together, and after the semblance of a race at the distance, Misfortune beat the favourite by two lengths. Banker cantered in. Time, 2min 14sec. SELLING RACE, Of 75 60 a. Weight for age. Winner to be sold for 125 soil Five furlongs and a hill. Mr. a Horsfall's li cost Michael, by Glorious Evangeline, £76, 2 yrs, 9st. 4lb. (Done) 1 Mr J. G. Reid's b g Bar One, nil, aged, 11st 2lb , carried 6st 8lb ([>. Williams) 2 Mr. T. Jones s ch f Dclauua, nil, 4 J ra, Oat Bib. (Blair). Mr. W. Brook's b of First Pop, nil, 4 5 yrs, 9st Mr carried 6st 8lb (J. Bonsey Mr. A. H man's b g 'Return, nil, 4 Mrs. Oat 2lb , carried 6st 4lb. (Itcdfirn).0 Betting 7 to 4 agst St Michael, 0 to 4 agst Pelamis. St i Ich it was first away when the flag fell, with Dclamlaand Bar One next the others together The same order was maintained along the tide to the turn for home, and as they entered the straight Uclamia was in front At the distance St Michaels again led by a neck, and Bar One and First Pop carrie fast The leader maintained his advantage to the end, and won by a length. Bar One was second, and Delamla third, then came First Pop and Saturn. June, what those. FLSTEn^ttlOK-rARK HANDICAP, Of 75 sovs ; second, 10 sons One mile a furlong and a half. Mr J. Jellett's b o Cwinond, by Bosworth-Peer Mare, JJ yrs, 7st alix (Cracknell Mr. W, S. Hickenbotham ns br m Honey Bee, aged, 7st 12lb Haulage) Mr. A. H man's ch g Fair Saxon, 5 yrs, 7st 8lb , carried 7st 5lb. (W itliaimou) 3 Mr. CTajloi'ichh Vasco, 6 j rs, Sst (A. Cox) .. 0 Mr. P. Kelly b of All Black, 4 yrs, 7st 12 lb. (Stonnell) 0 Mr. J. C. Field's ch The Ghost, aged, 7st 10lb. (C. Williamson Mr. J. Crozier's (jun g Childe Harold, aged, 7st 4lb. (Simmons' Mr. J. M'Grade's b g Mustang, 6 yrs, 6st 12 lb. (J. Bence). " .. 0 Mr. J Hcdfiam's b f Cat's Eye, 3 yrs, (Ut 10lb. (Ktdfcini) was Mr. A F. Bradshaw ns ch h Yellow Hammer, 0 >rs, OJt 7lb (G. Blair) 0 Betting 7 to 2 acht Desmond, 3 to 1 agst Honey Bee, 4 to 1 agst fair saxon, ft to 1 agst Vasco, 0 to 1 agst Cat's 1- we 7 to 1 agst Minting. Fair Saxon was first run, with Yellow Hammer. All Black, Cats live, the rest together, and Bosinond last After leaving the straight All Black led to back, and Bosmoml worked into second place Honey to was at the head of the second division, and A clow Hammer fell back to the extreme rear. At the home turn the leading horses were Childe Harold a length in front of All Black and Desmond, Honevbca fourth, and the others scattered. The favourite entered the straight first, and won easily by two lengths from Hong; bee, Childe Harold was third, and then come Mustang Fairbaxon, The Ghost, All Black, and ILDUOVV champion lost Time, 2min. Sizes. 2 