The Cradock Ghost Scare. [BY KIRKHAM EVANS.] Fcr more than a month the north ha3 been in a disturbed condition on account of a wonderful ghoBt story which has been freely circulated through most of the newspapers in the colony. I have been informed that upon the approach of Sissy Schultz wonderful rap3 -sometimes as though a sledge-hammer had struck the wall \- were heard, electric shocks felt, and on one occasion an apparition was seen by the child. These storieB spread about in the neighborhood and lost nothing in the telling. The good people of Cradock and Blackrock imagined the devil or some accredited representative was in their midst. 1 heard a gravely told description of the spirit of the girl's mother communicating that the child must be allowed two Bticks of toffy per day. On Wednesday morn ing, Jvne 1, my interest in psychical research caused me to leave Adelaide for Blackrock. Arriving there late in the afternoon I made my way at once to the "disturbed home," and received a kindly reception from Mr. Rode ghiere, who said that Mr. J. A, Jones, the resident schoolmaster, would take care of me. I was pleasantly surprised on approaching the echoolhouse to meet a gentleman well known as a student of psychical subjects, and with Bome experience of caseB of this kind. If I had wanted any assistance a better man could scarcely have been found. He said he had been experimenting with the child, and although he had not come to a decision he saw nothiDg to warrant the supposition that the girl was possessed of supernatural powers, Armed with a small tin of flour, some black lead, string, an. electric magnet, a bottle of strong ammonia, a ther mometer, &c;" &c.;, we again made our way over to the store. _ It was getting late, and a large number of visitors were waiting to obtain a glimpse of the child, or for an opportunity of looking into the matter themselves. Some had travelled very long distances, but we decided it would be unwise to admit any, with two ex ceptions-the Rev, Mr. Hancock, of Port Augusta, and Mr. Ai Heallyi of Blackrock, We saw Sissy, a plain-looking child of nine years but tall for her age, at times full of life and activity, bold and fearless, simple _ in manner, but upon entering into conversation with her she showed remarkable cunning, sug gestive of " I know you; you are laughing in your sleeves j" a remark which, by the-way, we once heard her make. After a few preliminary preparations we entered the child's bedroom at the back of the store, and from a hasty glance I was convinced that there was nothing of a suspioious character. One or two boxes and a few sundries were all to be seen. In one corner of the room, on a pug floor, the bed was ar ranged, consisting of a mattress and the usual bedclothes. Eefore calling in the girl-or, rather, when in the store-I ascertained from the father that the only " manifestations" that had ever been witnessed or felt at any of the stances were the electric shocks and the rap3. It is important that this should be remem bered, beirg the Bum-total of all the excite ment. In one account it is stated the spirit of the mother would appear to Mr. Schultz at 12 o'clock at night; but as he informed me it did not appear no importance can be attached . to thia. We decided before entering the house | first to find out by experiment if the girl was ! really aBleep or shamming, and then to a3cer ! tain how the raps were made. Having stated | our chief objects I will now proceed to describe ! the stance, and will then give the result of i the experiments and the reasons which caused | us to believe the child to be a trickster, i Sissy ran into the room full of excitement, and ! expressed her willingness to retire. She was i undressed and put into the bed made on the ' pug floor. It was a double bed, and when the child lay in the middle with her arms stretched out she "could not reach over to touch the floor, but by rolling over to her left Bide she could ! easily tap the floor with her fingers _ under cover of the bedclothes, and in this way unseen. Strange-very strange. The child had not shown the slightest sign of sleepiness, I and yet in one minute and a half she appeared to be in a deep slumber, notwithstanding the talking going on in the room, and refused to answer when spoken to, By-and-bye she commenced to roll her head about and breathed heavily, the father immediately ejaculating, "It's coming, put out the light." We failed to see why this should be done, but wishing to 1 give the " spirit" every chance, complied. As : this was being done I noticed the child turned . over on to itB left Bide, away from UB, facing the wall, and stretch out its left arm under the j clothes. Presently very faint rap3 were heard. I Questions of an ordinary character were put, ; and raps received in reply. No question was 1 asked but what any one in the rjom might . have easily answered or made a good guess at, i nevertheless the "spirit" was not always | correct. The raps exactly resembled the tap ping of one's fingers on the pug floor; in fact, once or twice I tapped with my own fioger and i tapped out the replies, and these raps were not distinguished from the others. Undoubtedly I the girl was producing the raps. Although the ; lights were out the moon shone through the | window just sufficiently to enable us to : recognise the form, and no raps occurred j except when she was lying in the position i already described, the only position in fact in which 6he could produce them without fear of | detection. On the night previous a hammock | was improvised and the girl placed in it, bat ! no raps came. A box was now placed near the ! girl on the bed, but aa one end had been black | leaded she was too cunning to rap upon thiB. i Having convinced ourselves that the raps were I made by the girl.we next proceeded to try by i experimentif shereally wasasleep orshamming. j I should mention that before this, when the girl was awake, Mr. Jones gave her several ' doses of ammonia, and thus caused her todread ! the bottle. Relighting the candle we ' remarked, in the hearing of the child, it would be better to rub the bottle well and make it extra strong. Immediately this was said, before we had any opportunity of apply it, she covered her face with her arm. Later on we really did apply the bottle, and she ! quickly buried her head. Another time we touched her nose gently with the end of the thermometer, and just as quickly she again buried her head. At the same time no amount of shouting or shaking had any effect, bat pre sently she threw her arms behind and ap peared to go into a state of catalepsy._ Then she drew them in, shaking her hands violently -a very pretty piece of acting. Probably the girl was practising this when one of your cor respondents said he felt the electric shock. No person in Blackrock, as far as I could ascer tain, ever felt any, and certainly on this occa . sion we were not favored. We had an electro magnet to test this, but from questiona asked we concluded the electrical idea waB only an imaginary one, and thus thefe was no need to try it. Your correspondent might perhaps have used the words nervous shocks more correctly. i Signs of heavy breathing reappeared, and we were again informed that the knocks were coming. Mr, Jones lay down between the girl and the wall, I lay on the other side, but no more raps; the father told us they would not come -while we were on the bed. We tried, other experiments by making suggestions, and were perfectly successful. These alone would ! have convinced us of the fraud. Mr, Jones was the originator of these. I At the conclusion of the seance we expressed | our regret that the raps were not more dis | tinct; but the father said if I would stay I another evening he would lay her on a boarded i floor, and they would then be much louder. J I agreed with him .there, but did not think it necessary to waste another evening. The i temperature of the child's body before going i to bed was 87°, during the performance 94°; S puke regular. The next morning the follow ! ing document was drawn up and signed: " We agree from the observations of Wednes day. June 1.-1. That the child is awake or semi-conscious, and we believe she shams asleep. 2. She produces the raps herself with her hand, or any available object, this includ ing her own body. 3. The raps could be easily simulated. 4. That she is open to suggestions. 5. From the observations we made on this particular night we don't feel justified in imputing to any person in the room the charge of collusion with the girl.-W. H. JONES, KIRKHAM EVANS, Blackrock, June 2, 1887." As stated before, Mr. A. Hsally, the Blackrock correspondent, who3e reports have appeared in the newspapers (I believe the only reports ever sent from Blackrock), was present, and as the result of an interview afterwards the following was prepared : "Mr. Heally stated that he had never at any of the previous seances witnessed anything more extraordinary than that_ witnessed by him in our presence on the evening of June 1. -W. H. JONES, K. EVANS." Mr. H. A, Stanley, of Petersburg, sends the following letter " Petersburg, June 2. Mr. K.Evans -Dear Sir-Mr. Williams, of the Petersburg Hotel, and Mr. Opie, police-trooper here, wish me to write you, btating they are prepared to Bwear that they heard the child whispering, and also that they are confident in their own mind that the thing is an imposition, and any assistance they can give you by making a statement as to what they heard and saw during their visit they will only be too happy." We have abundance of other evidence csntir matory of the foregoing, but believe enough has been written to convince any intelligent persons that the " Cradock scare" i3 no linger a mystery. It will probably be asked-What is the motive ? This I am not prepared to say, but do know that many extraordinary decep tions have been carried on by people with no apparent motive but to attract _ atten tion. Again, some* may ridicule the idea of so young a child being capable of such fraud. I have been connected with several similar cases where children of tender years have carried out the most deliberate frauds. For instance, the Shropshire mysterjr in 1883. A child scarcely any older than this one caused bucketB to move about and upset. Coal ham mers bolted and domestic utensils moved about when the child came near; a hymnbook jumped off the table: bricks and dirt flaw about the houfe; and I heard a report, actually credited by the farm yokels of Weston, Lul lingfield, that upon Emma Davies going into the yard fonr pigs stood npon their heads and sang the National Anthem (vide Liver fool Mercury of November 16, 1833, and the principal English papers). The girl confessed afterwards to Dr. Corke and others that she had caused all this by trickery, and showed how she did the tricks. So much for the so-called Cradock ghost myBtery, which has disturbed the repose of a wide district for an entire month.- The credulous rustics have unconsciously invented most of the ridiculous tales, scaring them selves with imaginary terrors. And now, as Mr. Rodeghiere, in reply to one of your cor respondents, offered to give the sum of £5 to any person who would give a satisfactory solu tion of the matter, if he is still prepared to do so, I shall have much pleasure in naming to him several asylums where victims of similar frauds are now confined, and who are in need of help. 