TALES AND SKETCHES. " 9>en were Deceiver. JEvcr." Lord Wortleton is not generally con sidered rich. Ho and his wifo nro Yorkshire people, nnd Wortleton Pnrlt is tlio slow-placo of a corner of tho country. Bnt it is a very littlo corner, and, com- pared w itli tho stretching acres .of other gront ones of tho north, Wortleton Park bears tho stamp of comfortablo povorty. Yet in tho pork thcro oaks a plenty, lawns and pleasaunces onoiigh; nnd with out tlio palings, copso and plantation, hold and moor, woll stocked with part- ridgo and pheasant, both wild and tamo. In tho Wortloton Park ontcrtainB its guests. For two months tlio liouso is as an hotel, and, like Todger, goes it. Then tho chairs and sofas nro cove red, tlio shutters nro put np, and my lord and my lady and thoir twonty-fivo-ycar-old daughter go southward, and tho Park boob tbom no moro till noxt year. This autumn tho last honso party has dispcrsod earlier than usual, and his lord ship is fidgotily nnxiouB to ' gathor to gether his family and household and ho off to London, tho only placo in which lie' can bo really happy. In this desiro and sentiment liis wiFo is with him. Yot tlioy arc tied down and hold kaok, the way is barred by one circnmstanco. One of their gnests lias lingored on and on, and will not go. It is as if ho wore blind and deaf to snbtlo or outspokan bintB, for ho lias bad plenty of both ; and yot ho lingers, hopelessly nnd utterly wearing out his welcome. It is a young nnd wealthy baronet, Sir Clnudo Fitzpatrick, who will not go. All tho good things of lifo have fallen to tho lot of Sir Claude. He is strong' hud lioaltliy, enjoys ovory hour that iio lives ; there is no one in tho world to say him nay, for lio is without relations ; bis wenlth does not depend on tho ability or willingness of tonnnts to pay ronts ; ho is received everywhere and by ovory- body, and courted almost everywhere by n largo majority j nnd ho is fancy free. But, sadly enough, a most important nnd mnlignnnt fairy received no invita tion-card to Sir Claude's christening, and this fairy's resentment perhaps found words as thuB : " Your baby hart, shall bo blessed with overy gift in tho fairy catalogue, bnt — 1 shall tako tlio liberty of filling the cherub's headpiece with somo nice sawdust." So it happens that tho brilliant youg gentleman is a fool. And so says his host. " Being n horn fool, perhnps ho fancies it's without the bounds of possi bility to bnvo enough of him. If tho end of the wcok doesn't see the last of him, I shall toll him to go," " Can't yon guess tho attraction that keops him wlion tho othors aro gone ?" asks her ladyship, with a meaning amile. " Certainly not, unloss it's his national obtusoness." . " No, it's not that. I havo seon it from tho first. Tho boy's madly in lovo with Cecil. But he's too shy to speak." " In lovo with Bargravo mote likely " (Bargravo is tho elderly and venorablo stud-groom). " Bosidos, are we to be tied down till a providential flicker of conrago enables him to find a voice ? I suppose ho can spenk as well under a London sky ; or is tho air of Yorkshire essential to bia passion ?" " Wortleton, for Heaven's snko be rcnsonablo I" entreated tho fond mother. " This is a chance thnt comes onco only in a girl's lifetime. Cecil, speaking in a general way, docs not attract tho young mon of tho day (with a sigh). It would bo madness to frighten away a perfect husband by thoughtless hurry. Sho assures mo that by a thousand signs, which would. appear trivial to us, sho is confident as to his Reeling. And abovo all, she honestly likes him." This was in the bieakfast- room. Breakfast was over, .and the interesting snbjects of tho paronts' tnlk wero paoing side by sido on tho terrace ontBide the windows. " Come end look for yourself ; and her ladyship pointed significenely to the path. " Look at them and judge 1 Watch how attentively ho' listens to every word sho says." " Laying down tho law, I'll bo hound." Her fathei is ovidently unconvinced. " I would bo tlio last to spoil any one's game, much less my own daughter's. Bnt I have heard this' littlo story onco or twico before, and waited for tho happy result, which has not come. If this is a caso, let her lock tho door on kiin, nnd soy, 'You don't come out, young men, till you say the required word.' Hang it 1 slio's not timid bb a rule, and bo's just tho sort to say yes, through sheer funk. Tell her I shan't stop hero after the end of tho week." Left alono, tho mother continued to watch her only child. No movoment of oither escaped Iter fond eye. The Hon. Cecil was tall and angular, hook-nosed and straw-haired, higher by one inch than the Baronet; altogether not tho sort of girl that a young mnn, who had only to throw tho linndkorokief to ho welcomed with open arms by half the girls in England, might have been ex pected to choose. This fact seemed to rush in on her ladyship as she turned from them just after they had passed ; for she murmured to herself, " A glorious . clinnce, hut porhnpB her very last ; sho must not lose him." Tho days pnsscd, and his lordship fumed and waited, and Cecil and Sir Clandc walked and rode and played billiards togctlior. Her ladyship was not an abtrusivo mother ; only things wero as before, ho had not spoken, The mother began to despair, and Cecil her self drooped and turned faint sometimes as her dark-eyed maid did her hair, when tho Bickoning thought flashed on her, " If ho should mean nothing nftor nil i I think I should 3io," Bko said to lior- Bolf. In these days Anno, the dark- hnirod, dark-oyed maid, had a hard timo of it. Night after night now twists and carls had to ka thought out and excentcd. Dressing her mistress for dinnor was now a matter of an hour, and an hour's solid work, too. And before Sir Oloudo's arrival, Cecil was a quick drcssor. Anna was very patient under her trials, but she smiled somotimcs a smilo that showed a row of neat whito tcotli, when Cceil was not looking in the glass, as who should Bay, It's not tho combing and brushing I mind ; but it will seem hard if it's all wasted work." For Anno wonld have been indeed slow of apprehension if sho had failed to rcaliso tho hiddon meaning of theso laborious toilettes just as woll as bar ladyship borself. Besidos, Anna had more chances of fathoming tho inlricnto windings of Ccoil's littlo game than nny ono in tho house. For the Inst week tho pretty maid had been a messenger on many trifling errands between thocsmps, which coqld not but show whence blow this now wind ; poetry-books with markod passages for tho Baronet to rend, which ho novcr did read by any chanc'o ; or tho new novo! thoy bad bcon talking about ; or soraotimos only to fetch the dog-whip ho had been goad enough to carry for Miss Cecil. All wmcli messages tlio maid most faithfully delivered in a low voioo, with downcast oyes and raodost bearing, aftor tho manner of good ser vants. And Sir Claude would detain her for a few minutes, chatting somo timcs, for ho was vastly aflablo with his inforiors. Thus bad Anno the oppor tunity of watching hath partios speaking of the other, and of drawing her own conclusions from her observations. Whatever her privato thoughts may have been on this dolicalo subject, she was very loyal to her young mistress, for Bho made no confidences with othors. And when in the servants' hall in the ovening discussion ran high on the reasons for this unwonted and protracted sojourn in tlio north, nnd each ono gave forth bis own idea of whother Sir Clando would ho oventuolly brought to book, Anno was always silent. Except on ono occasion, when ono of tho footmnn alluded to tlio affair as tho gambler's last chance, wlion sho fired up and spoke tier mind. . " I can recollect a many as havo been had here for such a purpose," said this gentlemen, " hut it's been no good. And I toko it ns onr young lady knows it protty well by now, and is a'raost desperate. Mark my words, if sho don't hook Sir Claude slio'll live and die an odd fellow." Tho politest of footmen can pnt things vory directly on occasions bolow-stnirs. HUH UtIIU JVU OJICUIV VI JUUI IIII.1- tress like that I" said Anno, hot with indignation. "And aren't 3'ou" (to the buttlcr) " ashamed to sit there and novcr move a finger to stop his vulgar mouth ?" And she flounzod out of tho apartment. Butler and footman wero alike sur prised into silenco for n fow moments, wlion the former found voice, and turned against his own sex. " Well, sho did fly ont that timo, bnt sho was right ; Thomas, set a curb on your tongue in my presence in future;" Tho ono week which his lordship had disinterestedly sacrificed to be maturing of his wife's fond hopes were drawing'to d close, and day by day her ladyship found it harder to tide over her lioblo husband's ever-increasing impatience. And day by day, when she anxiously inquired of Cecil, " Has ho spoken ?" always to receivo the same negative, these hopes of hers lyarnod fainter and fainter. " Confido implicitly in mo, my child. Your father won't Btay hero a day after Saturday" (it was now, Thursday ! ; ho was quito furious Iub morning when I suggested thnt Mondny.waso bettor day to travel on. Aro you quite suro you aro not deceiving yourself ? Aro you certain ho is not a hopeless fool, wboso idiotcy is making foolB of ns ?"- Then Cecil, less fortnnate than Col- umbuB by ono day, said, " No, Sir Claude w.os not an idiot, and that in thoso two short days lie would speak, and Bpeak to her father too." But his lordship's soro- tricd patience was not destined to suffer tho furthor trial of waiting moro than ono day, for no later tlmn Friday Sir Claude Fitz Patrick's intentions became known to all. For on Friday morning this start- ling lace uurse on uiu enure nouseuoiu, from breakfast-room to kitchen ; the Hon Cecil and tho Baronot wero both miBsingl Tho servant with the oarly morning tea liod found Sir Claude's portmanteaus half packod, tlio bed unslept on, nnd onovnliso missing. Too discreet to be surprised, he had de posited tho ten, and straightway hurried to impart liis nows to his fellows. At breakfast only bad bis lordship been informed that at last his gncst had departed. His remarks on this dis- discourteons. leave-taking may ho best loft to the imagination. Her ladyship was distracted, nnd tore her hair. " Sho told mo lest night that 6he was going early in tho morning to take lcavo of tho cottago peoplo, and liavo a Inst talk with her pet invalids. And I believed lior. Sho never de ceived mo in her life — till now. Think, Wortleton, what will people say 7 To olope from her father's lionse, when all wbb going on so well ! The girl must liavo gone raving mad. What aro wo to do 7" " Do 7 Why, nothing, of course. Do you expect mo to post after them and fetch her bnck 7 Ho has taken her without a settlement. I said ho was an idiot, and a drivelling idiot ho lies proved liimsolf. But ho has saved ma a grc- vons oxpenso." His lordship was buinossliko uvon in liis great sorrow. " Sho must have left a lottor nt least ; and her ladyship rang the bell. " Sonil mo "Anno immedintely." And tho nfflictcil mother sank into a chair, ex hausted with conflicting emotions. But nt this moment sho was startled into lifo by tho sudden apparition nt tlio door of tlio Hon. Cecil herself. No ghost over presented itself more unexpectedly to two people tlinn did Cecil on her pnpa nnd mamma. In n neatly-made tailor growu, flushed with tlio exorcise of tier morning's walk, looking almost pretty, tlioir lost ohilcl stood before them. Then littlo by littlo tho cruel insulting trutli showed itselfin all its naked horror. Tho guest thoy had cherished, the peg on which thoy had wovon thoir novor-to-bo- fulfillcd dreams, was nothing moro than a hardenod ruffian, a heartless roprobnto, and baso deceiving scoundrel. In short, Sir Claudo Fitzpatrick, for motives best known to himself, had thought proper to bolt with tho Hon. Cecil's lady's-maid. According to all accounts Sir Claudo and Lady Fitzpatrick had- no ronson to regret their clandestine allianco. Their tastes aro in thorough sympathy, ho is very fond of lior, . nnd alio is likely to ninkeliim fin ndmSmliln linlnmnfp. Sn porliapB nftor all ho ckoso wisely. — Tho World. 