AN APPARITION; IN THE GREAT WINTER PALACE, ST. PETERS!) UHG. j (San Eh-aiioiico Call.) It is a.wellrlcnown fact tlmt St. Polorsburg owob sovoral of its most mngnificcnt odificos to tho EmprosB Elizabeth, daughtor of Petor tho Groat nnd Cnthormo tlio ' First. Sho J f;,provnilod upon Count Rastrolli, tho first' 1;nrchiteci of the I8ih century, to como to St. Potorsbiirg, and uridor his instruction tho Winter Palaco, tho Esourial of tho North, was built. 'fl 'Whilo the 'Win'foY Palaoo was in procoss of construction Elizaboth occupied n small palace — Boisehoi-Mornkoi— situated in tho broad avenue bordering on tho soa. Tho building exists no longer. It onoo stood on iho identicl spot— a fact which is uot known ovon to nil Potorsbu'rgians— wlibro the Frenchman Jncot hns uow built his immense house.. -\| /. - .? : ? ' :? 'VVh'on' tlvo Winter Palaco was finished the Emproas appoinlod n day for taking posses sion of it ; nnd the clito of tlio Guards, a corps which wiis composed ontiroly of noble-:; men, mounted. guard in tho now ensile. A J long, dark corridor loads, to tho middle door of tho ^Vhito or, Throne Room. In tho cor— 'I ridor' two young noblemen wero posted. It was approaching 10 o'clock and the arrival , of the Empress was momentarily expected. SSuffdmjly^th^jiattciiiioh q£; tiib^young mon. was attracted by a bright stronk of light, which seemed to guide botwoon them in tlio darlcpassago. Their,,cyos followed the light, and thoy saw that 'it- streamed thiongh the koyliolo., of tho Throno-room. , . Who could: liavo any ' business at such nn unusual iu a room, which was dosignod. only for tho recop-i tion of ^foreign ambassadors ? Orio of the young men considered it his, duly lo iiivesti-! ' gate the matter, and approached tho door for tlio purposo, but ns sodn asVho lind glonced; \- through tho keyliololio called to his comrado ' in a wliiBpor to com^nearor.- ? ' Tho Empress lia^'alrea^y arrived,' whis pored ho ; ' she is Boated on tho throne, directly opposilo the' door.' ? J : } Tlio other also looked through the aporturo imd soon verified this to ho a fact. Tho.Em : press was soated in tranquil dignity on an 'elevated golden stool- under tbo red velvet; canopy, richly adorned with i the imperial: arms of Russia, the double eagle. ' - ; The room was brilliantly lighted, but it was' impossible to ascertain if any other porsons: wero present, as tho thickness of tho door-' look nltowod,no side-view of 5 the' apartment,* Tho yourig'men returned to -their posts and waited. Not long after one of tho higher officers appoared.and saicL:. , 5i.!' /jciu ban-all now' retire1; tlio Empress will not como to night. ' But her Majesty is alroady hero.' '? What? Who.,?' ; ^ ? II TTa- UTaiasIv t« ill hl«' TlirniVn-rnnn'i ' 'Impossible!' ' You can see for yourself.' Tho officer looked, immediately recognized ijthe Empress, 'and said wbnderingly ; : ' I cannot understand what the Marshal :means./sHo has, just: arrived and ordered that, all the guards be withdrawn ; the Empress ?h'as;'chahged libr'-'niind; :and will not arrive1 to- night. Nevertheless I see that sho is hero.; flBo'iild 'sho have coiiie secretly'? At ali'Oventsi ,1 will ascertain what now orders the Marshall -lias issued.' Meaiftvhilo do;' you romain'b'cro,: ^na.i-tlie, . EmpreKS ^niiijyi.ass this way.' The; 'Marshal, Prince 'Kiiratiri, Was fortunately; ^Btill in . the palace, as'soon as lie heard of, ... the .mysterious report, hastened to tho corri-i dor, and peeped in-lvis ' turn throrigh the key- | hole. :] _ *j My God 1 It ifi tho Emp^oss ! Her Ma josly/, lierself ! What can it mean ,?':'l oxela'imed'he. ' How cau this bo possiblo, j when I have just left her presenco? She was j dressed in her usual everyday Hire, and j now I see h'er' arrayed in all her royal robes and iowels. Thero must be somo mystery behind.ithis. Lot all the entrances to, the :] TlironeTroom boeguai'ded.' : Let 'iitf one bo allowed to go in and out. I will hasten to report .' The dislunee between tho two houses boing short the/Marshal soon reached the small palaco temporarily oeeupiod by the; Empress. ' Whoro is thn Empress ?' ' In her sleeping apartment.'1 'The Princo looked at the Lady of Honor ?withVsuspicion and said sharply : 1 sf'-'Aro'you sure tho Empress is liore ?' j ' Of course ; she is preparing to retire,' , »«{ Inform hor instou, tjy tl^at I am hero.' In a fow minutes Hriiico Kuratin, much: excited,1 wus, 'conducted;; into tho. Empress'1 chamber. ' Tho Empross stood boforo him in 1 night negligee. . ? : Kuratin turned pale. . .. ' Well'' said the Empress, ' you look as - if you had seen a ghost. What in heaven's nambMs'tlib matter .with you ?? Is there any news from the army ?' : Kuratin hurriedly ? stated what lie had soon. .... ? . . '-? 'It .iB, a knavish trick,',' cried Elizabeth. *«. We. willj take -a? nearer look .at those come dians. M will go in your sleigh, Kuratin you can mount behind; — Hurry !' Arrived at the WiptOL- -.Pjalace, tlio eas-: tollan was ordered UTbring,, tho koy of tho j ♦Throne-room six grenadiers were , com-: imaridoA'-lo load thoir guns, '.and, led; by, the: , aEmpress; 'tholittlo'troop botook themsolves! to tho corridor.. The light Bhor)e-{is; lbefore.itliroogli the: keyhole. Tho door fails captiously? opened 1 andSa'floo'd'of ligllt filled rtlio ; corridor. TI101 Empress atep'p'ed'witliin tho room, followed! by her six guards, who placed themselves: around hor. Tho , roomr..was brilliaut'.y ill u — j minated, but ompty. iOir the throne; ' was i seated, a shape, tho counterpart, of. Eliziiliotb, : arrayed ;iii purple and ortnino, covered :: with j diamonds and- crowned with. tho royal diadem.: One instant Elizabeth. gazed steadfastly oni her double, thon movod forward n;fow stops. i Simultaneously th^ 'apparition, stood- up,: stepped.'dbwn -from tho^thr'oiio ; ond tlien ro-t ?maided standing as immovably still as tho. Empresp. J ?It was a thrilling moinent ! ji 'Fire !' cried Ihe'Empress. '? ' ? - ji The guards raised their guns, nnd all six:; aimod directly at. the ghost'y visitant. -Then triggers snuppod. At. tho- samo'. instant tho: figuro.^elapped its hairis together, and the: room''; n as suddenly , plunged into... intenso darkiioss. Thon followed a great coliMiution and confusion, while tho'EmpresB.'-cnllad. ; ' Bring lights!' ?' - , Lights wero spoedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly Henrclied; but abso lutely nothing could bo found to olucidato tho mystoiy. Every door was looked and guarded. Tho guards had soon no onn loavc the palaco. - 'llio Empress ordorod a more thorough soarch to be made, but in vain ?.were all ell'oi'ls irindu 10 discover. the perpetrator i.l tlio triel:, it trick it were. T'l'e occnrronce had mado a deeper impress siou: toll-* 'jlSMz- .ihe'th: t.hmi -she : would admit Eight w'oolcs aftorward sho died. ' Tho Emperor Nicholas onco hoard this strango occurrence ..related) with tho supple * men L that it was iiTscVibfi'd ''ill tho ' Eonrir Books.' : Since the reign of Polor 1'. thoro exists tho regulation that these Yery service able hooks should contain an accurate account of all events that tako placo nt court. Everything that tho Emperors did, ordorod all expeditions, audioncos, ovon, if poasiblo, every oral command and ovory tittoranco of any importanco, was wrillon in these books, which custom having exislod during 175 yoars, thoso books form a well proparod library and a precious mino for history. Tho Emperor Nicholas ordored that this romarkablo story should bo soarched for in those books, but nothing relating to it was found inscribed therein. Tueue is (writos a London paper) a strango and weird fascination about storied of 1'ving burial. O110 of tho most grue somo of thoso which wo have soon for somo timo is sont by the Odessa correspondent of tho Daii.y News. Mnjor MajurolF, Aide do camp lo tho Govornor Gonoral of Odessa, was believed to havo diod suddenly throe woeks since. He was buried with all military lienors forty hours after his sup posed death. But aftor ho had boi n a fort night in tho gruve : — While the family vault in tho necropolis was being renovated for tho llussinu Foto des Mortc, tho coffin lid was noticed to havo been partly forced opon. It was immediately removed, and the body wns found faco downwards. The face, was droadfully lacerated, and tho flesh gnnwed from tho bauds. Tlio corps., was still bleeding, which confirms tho slutcmeut of a workman ;thnt his attention was first attractod by a nose in tho .coffin, and tho unfortunate major died only on the instant of tho appalling discovory. Tho idea of the ' corpse' roviving aftor burial, prolonging oxisience for fourtoon days by oatiug tho flash off its own hnndB, and then dying just ns the lid was opened, is as terrible. as any thing Edgar Allan Poo over conceived. 