|hc ||c£ttm ^hampioR. Ifta tfne Uterit nor» e*t. I PATRIOTISM in tlie individual, as distin guished from the patriotism of com munities, IB extremely rare. Tlic true patriot sacrifices all tilings and persons, himself included, for the good of his country, lie even counts it a street and pleasant thing to die for liis country. Consequently he is honored while living and revered when dead. JOAN OP Anc lives not only in the memory of her countrymen, but wheresoever history is taught. . WILLIAU 1'BLL will always l>c worshipped as a hero by tho millions to whom the story of his patriotism is known. And if there was patriotism in Switzerland why not in Australia? if WILLIAM TRLL was worthy of being deemed a patriot, why should not the same proud title be awarded to WILLIAM HBNBY HANKS ? The pessimists may claim that Mr. BANKS is not actuated by a spirit of patriotism in placing Lis valueable services at the disposal of the Barcoo electors; that in seeking to represent the interests and the intelli gence of the 1700 men comprising the adult male population of this district, he has slightly overestimated bis capa city for fulfilling that rather large order. But patriotism must be carelcss of self. The candidate must be possessed wholly by a spirit of self-abnegation. lie may argue " I am positively ignorant of the political history of the countiy; parlia mentaiy functions are a dead letter to me; the gift of graceful oratory lias been denied me ; when I speak in public nobody understands mc, and indeed 1 don't know myself what I am talking aboutbut if tho country calls him lie most come to the front, put aside the bashfalness and diffidence which rests upon him as naturally as the blush upon the clieck of maiden modesty, and offer himself a willing sacrifice upon the purging fires of o contested election.1 This is the position which Mr. BANKS has taken up, and like a doughty war rior, clad in armour of pachydermatous impenetrability, he has already taken the field to give battle to all comers. The sublime conception of his transcendent ability is the brightest feature in the offer of himself to the constituency. That he has once before been rejected by tboso electors who failed to recognise the genins concealed beneath a commonplace exterior, is no reason why he should not make another appeal to them; DISRAELI, be remembers, was twice rejected by the electors, before he found a seat in the House of Commons. History repeats itself, and tho rejected of tho Barcoo may yet live to become Prime Minister of the country. If, as some people imagine, unbounded self assurance is an indispensable condition of success we arc inclined to admit that Mr. BANKS fiossesses this qualification to nn un-1 imited extent; and like the present Pre mier, whose legal training lias been of considerable benefit to him in Parlia mentary debate, Mr. BANKS' practice since ho was called to the Bar has enabled bim to acquire sncli a knowledge of men and measures, particularly measures, as may prove of great service to him in the Legislative Assembly, more especially as a Member of the Refreshment Booms Committee. As the landlord of a countiy hotel the self nominated candidate has achieved con siderable success; and in the solemn conclave of aldermen who control the destinies of Blncknll, lie has achieved a reputation for brilliant oratoiy and sagacious administration, tho record of which is treasured in the archives of the Municipal minute book. It is men of this description wo like to see coming forward to represent the constituencies, and were our senate chambers composed wholly of legislators of this calibre, Queensland might soon become the greatest colnny in the group. There are soine evil-minded persons who affirm that Mr. BANKS is nominated only for the purpuBO oi' frightening away other candidates in tlic Liberal intercut, two of wliom, Mr. MACUONALII-PATKIIMON and a Mr. MCLAUOIIMN, a brewer of Rock hampton, lias been reported as likely to contest the Mitchell and tlio Uarcoo. We can hardly believe this, as the late Postmaster-General after having been defeated by Mr. (JIOVISTT, would not linve tlio ghost of a chance against Mr. MURPIIY, and the western constituencies have not the least desire to be repre sented by a Roukhautpton man, even although he holds the proud position of a brewer in the " only port" of the Central district. Mr. BANK*, there van be no doubt, stands on his own uit'iiln, which in his opinion form & very livni and substantial basis, lie is a free lauce, something like the Knight of La Manchu, ready to tilt at any grievance, real or imaginary. We do not wish to convey the insinuation that the can didate is as mad as DON QUIXOTE, but there is no knowing what he may become it he does not practice a more rigid economy in the exorcise of bis brain power. 