Opening of St. Brigid's R. C. j I Church, Branxton. I (From our Branxton correspondent ) I For some years past the old Roman Catholic Church, Branxton, has been found inadequate tor the wants of the congregation. The old church was built some 21 years ago, and was opened by his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Murray a few days after his arrival in the diocese, and was then considered quite a roomy and spacious building Early in 1886 the old church was used during the week as a school under tho charge of the Sisters of Mercy, and steps were taken to build a new churcn. Mr. Arthur C. Lee, architect, of West Maitland, was instructed to prepare a design and carry out tho work ; Messrs. Taylor and Son, of West Mait- land, obtained the contract for the building, and every one who has had the pleasure of seeing the completed building endorsed the remarks ot his Lordship Dr. Murray, in which he complimented brill Mr. Leo, the architect, and the contractors upon' completing one of the prettiest church buildings m the colony. The foundation Btone was laid by Dr. Murray on 18th September. 1886, and the total amount collected from the initiation, including last Sunday's collection, amounted to ¿C800, a splendid result for twelve months' labor. The style adopted for the church is early Gothic, and this treatment is carried throughout the whole of the fittings. The foun- dations are concrete, with a stone base course, on the average about 3ft. 6in. above ground; light colonial bricks from East Maitland for the walls, with Newcastle red pressed and moulded bricks for the arches, etc. The window sills, door sills, and buttress weatherings arc ot stone, the roofs covered with Welsh slates, and gables surmounted by crosses. The building is entered from a double porch with tiled floors, and with two entrances to nave. The access to the gallery is from the porch. Tho nave is 62 feet long by 28 wide. The chancel 20 feet by 16. The sacristy and oratory, 12 by 10, giving a cruciform plan to the building. The internal walls are plastered, with red prepared bricks to the arches of chancel, sacristy and oratory, and to the cornice: open timberedroof, with diagonal and jointed Kaunboard ing varnished; the principals and rafters being also stained and varnished. The windows throughout were supplied from Messrs. Ashwyn and Falconers, of Pitt-street, Sydney, in tinted cathedral glass in 'pattern and with coloured margins. The alter, pulpit, seating brackets, etc., were also especially designed by the architect, Mr. Lee, and built by Messrs. Taylor and Son. The ventilation has been carefully studied, and the general opinion expressed by those who have experience in the general ven- tilation of churches is that this is the best m the colony. The same might be said of the acoustic arrangements. The whole cost of the church is about ¿82000, and the seat- ing accommodation is equal to 350 people. On the Gospel side of the church is a statue of the Sacred Heart ; and on the Epistle side a statue of Our Lady of Lourdes. These statues were the gifts of Mr. Thomas Drinan, J.P., and were ordered specially at Rome by that gentleman. There is also a beautiful and uncommon sanctuary lamp, the gift of Mr. Joseph Bercini, of Branxton. The church was blessed and formally opened by his Lordship Right Reverend Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, assisted by Rev. Father Vaughan, of Singleton, and the Revs. Father Walsh and Morrissey, of Branxton. High Mass was celebrated by Father Morrissey, with Father Vaughan as deacon, Father Walsh sub-deacon, and the Rev. Wm. Drinan, S.J.. as master of ceremonies. The musical arrangements were conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, and they were of a high-class character. The church waB crowded by members 1 of every denomination during the opening cere- monies. The sermon was preached by Rev. Father Vaughan, C.SS.R., Superior of the Redemptorist Fathers, who took his text from St. John, 14 chap., 26 *rerso, "But the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, will teach you all things, and bring all things to your mind whatever I shall have said to you." In a most eloquent manner the rev. gentleman pointed out that the day being Whit Sunday was specially appropriate for the opening of a new church. As many centuries ago the Holy Ghost had descended upon the Apostles visibly and given them that grace and power with which alone they could »stablish the universal church, so to-day they were opening a church which was symbolical of that greater church, and at the same time an evidence of its vitality and growth. With the opening of this church new duties were laid upon them, and ho trusted they would show themselves worthy of their noble edifice, that the spirit of the Holy Ghost might be apparent in their lives, not only in great things but in small things, in everything that their church might be filled on Sundays and holydays.andtothosewholivedhard by even on week days, with devout and zealous worshippers. In con- clusion ho reminded them that there was compara- tively speaking still a large debt on the building, and it should be their duty that day to give like the Israelites of old in the building of their tabernacle, who gave their bracelets, their rings, and earrings ; and he reminded them that the greater the sacrifice made to contribute to a worthy object the greater their merit and their reward hereafter. At the conclusion of the sermon, the Bishop, ad- dressing the congregation, said that he wished in a special manner to say how pleased he was to Bee how beautifully the church had been completed, and there was no one present who would not agree with him that the architoct (Mr. Lee) and the con- tractor (Mr. Taylor) had faithfully performed their respective duties in the erection of the build- ing. He would not allude to their pastor, Father Walsh, as his efforts were thoroughly well known to them; but he wished specially to thank the committee for their labours, and last, but not least, the parishioners, who had so generously con- tributed towards the building. In particular, he might point to the beautiful statues which adorned the church, and which had been ordered in Rome, and presented by one of their well-known Catholics ; and he might also point to the beauti- ful sanctuary lamp, the special gift of another of their congregation. But they all deserved praise, and for his part he had often remarked, when he heard of the richness of mines in Europe and America, that he would prefer the mino of generosity which existed in the hearts of his Irish Catholic people and their descendants. He fcund, on referring to the treasurer's books, that the building and furnishing of the church cost ¿81900 to which had been added a debt on the Convent of aboi* ¿8140, making a total of ¿82040. Of this amount they had collected ¿8600, and the church debt now stooT at ¿81400. The collection that day would reduce it he hoped by a few hundred pounds, and the total sum then collected would represent he thought a good result for 12 months' labour, and for the future he had no fear,' depending as he did upon their piety and generosity. At the conclusion of his Lordship's address, a collection was made, and tho handsome sum of ¿8200 was, we believe, the result. Confirmation.-In the afternoon the children attending the Roman Catholic Churches of Greta and Branxton assembled in the church at the latter place, to receive the Sacrament of Confirmation, which was administered by his Lordship Dr. Murray, after a simple explanation of the importance of the sacrament and the benefits tobe derived therefrom. At the conclusion of the ceremony the Bishop gavo the children some good practical advice, and par- ticularly impressed upon them the evil of intem- perance, and obtained from them a resolution that they would refrain from the use of intoxicating liquors, at least until they attained the ago of 21 years. The church was crowded during the cere- mony, and the day's devotions were concluded by Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. Man is 90 per cent, water, and yet the prohibi- tionists are not satisfied. When Mr. Gladstone goes out among his trees at Hawarden he is not called Grand Old Man, but finst rate feller. The lady policeman of the future will wear a wreath of orange blossoms around her Bnowy helmet. A lecturer who once gave a lecture on the oyster tells this story : After it was finished, one of the audience went to the lecturer and said. " There is one thing about the oyster that you have omitted to mention. The oyster always knows exactly when to shut up." 