ESTA.BZLISIED 1842a With which is ineorpn Lhe gorttulntd }tirror. Published Every Monday, Wodnesday and Friday Evening. MONDAY, MAY 9, 1SS7. AaTI ER lEFOA1k. - We regret to announco that MJr. 3cCraithsnttr lIppu lar stationmaster, has received orders to proceed to Ileaufort to take charge of the station there. DMr. DMcCraitli has not been a resident of Portland for a very long tihue. but during his slay- he 11:,s shown himself at all times reaIdy and willing to take part in any public moveu Inolt having a good end it vie-w. and his services on more thlan one uccasidol have aided considerably to the success of public gatherings. So far as wo can learn the only cause for the removal is that the Department are making a nurn ber of changes. We feel that in Mr. McCraith's removal the town is sustain ing a loss th'it it can ill afford, and can only hole his successor will be able to fill the gap. ANOTRER Rounarv.-- One of the in separable concomitants of a race meeting is that it induces a number of individ uals who front their calling, if it can be wo described, are tmore orless rogues and vagabonds, to visit the locality in which the meeting takes place, and where sufi ,eiult precautionary messures are not, taken these individuals are apt to exor cise their predatory proclivities, from a fear. perhaps, that they will runst for lack of practice. Portland is so remark. ably honest, that its inhabitants scarcely over dretl of much less experience loss by robbery, and on account of so much security being enjoyed in this respect very few of its inhabitants think of taking extra precautions when an influx of rather shady characters honor us with a visit. The continued absence of danger is apt to make us less careful. But to introduce the occur. auce to which the above is the prelude, we have to mention that on Thursday night while the family were absent hrom home at the entertainment being held in the Masonic Hall, the house of Mr.Thomas Buckley, in Bentinck street, was entered by the fastening from the rear door being removed, and when the occupants returned it.was found that two watches, the same number of shirts, and a few articles of minor value, had been carried away. The matter was reported to the police, and every known agency employed to trace the thief or thieves, but up to the pre sent no clue has been discovered. There is one element in the case that will doubtless strike our readers, and that is that a stranger in the town would hardly be aware of the family's absence, and again it seetms that the thief took the most valuable articles it the house, leading one almost to think that the person who committed the theft knew where to find his booty. We express the hope that whoever the offender is he will speedily he brought to book, and a lesson will be taught that however honest Portland people may be other towns unfortunately cannot boast of the same moral standard. QUARTERLY COURnTs. - i:is Honor Judge Quinlan presided over the Quar terly Courts held at the Courthouse this morning. There was no business in Sessions. In the County Court R. McCarthy brought an action ag inst G. Bell, Mr. Samuel appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Melville for defen dant. 'There were two causesforaction, one for assault and the other for exces sive distraint on sheep seized by defen dant for trespass, and on which Id per head was charged, and the amount paid by plaintiff under protest to avoid the injury that would be caused to the sheep by being driven 15 miles to the pound yard. It was sought to recover the difference betveen the amount actually paid by plaintiff, and the amount d1 per head that could be legally demanded. Defendant had a counter claim for assault, and also for special damages caused by the trespass ing sheep mentioned, inasmuch asu t was alleged they ate up the pasture which would have sufficed as winter food for a stallion running in the paddock in which the sheep had trespassed. HIis Honor overruled the latter claim during the procedure of the case, characterising it as rather absurd that a man should first fix a rate for trespass, have it paid, and then subsequently finding out that a stallion would be starved bring an action for further alleged damage. In paying for the trespass the plaintiff had fully satisfied all claims on that head. A number of witnesses were called, and His Honor summed up adversely to the defendant. lie found a verdict for the plaintiff in both causes of action-the as sault and excessive distraint-and assess ed the damages in the former at £15, and the latter at £2, but on a point raised by Mr. Melville that under the 29th section of the Impounding Statute the second cause of action properly came under the jurisdiction of a Petty Sessions Court, gave the defendant the right of appeal on those grounds. The costs were to be taxed within fourteen days, but before the Court rose the counsel for both sides had agreed on the sum of seven guineas as costs. The Court adjourned, and there being no business for the Insolvency Court it was also adjourned imee dine. The details of the case will appear in our next issue. PnoroGna~saIso VIEWS. - Mr. G. J. Nicholls, our local liphotographer, has lately enlarged his bunsiness by undertak ingviews. We havehad the pleasure of seeing some of his handiwork, and mnust congratulate him on the excellence of the sanue. Some of the views are particularly pleasing, and in the selec tion the artist has been in many instances happy in the choice of situation. The pictures are finished in a manner equal to anythingin this line that has come under our notice, and will compare favorably with similar work tunned out in the city. Those desirous of having views taken of their property can scarcely do better than patronise Mr. Nicholls. IIER McAJsry'8s Jun?rmL- The church. wardens of the Church of England in this town have determined to make an effort to erect inside their already pretty church some memorial to mark the occasion of the Jubilee of our Sovereign. At a vestry meeting hell on the 6th instant it was intimidated by Mr. Clarke that after mature consideration hie was led to the conclusion that it would be not only a loyal andI gracious act, but oneo that would hereafter prove of great itterest in the history of the church, to have a momento therein that on the 20th of nixt month our beloved Queen would be fiftyyears ou the throne. The matter Irhving been fully ventilated it was proposed by Mr. Clarke, seconded by Mr. hose, andl carried unauimtously. tha: funds Iso nraied towards the erection of a windlow in the church as a mnemorial of Her Majoesty being fifty years on the throne of En:tgland. rateayers in the Shire f lduleen c.,m-. al 4 dt -:ainst the !u t j n niciprl .. , t., i . police couut at Iox-hil! a dutthe valuation. The al1 eals were to have been heard on the 5th April, but 'there was some difficulty in proving that the notices of appeal. had feen served on the shire council. The justices then adjourned the cases till the next court day, the 19th April, and from that day to the 26th April. When the appeals were heard the justices reduced the valuations. On Friday Mr. Hood, on behalf of the shire council, applied to the Supreme Court for rule niad to prohibit thl justices enforcing their order reducing the valuation in the case of August Fahrman, one of the appell ants, on' the grounds that the justices had no jurisdiction to make, the order, as when the cases first came before them the service of the notice of appeal on the shire'pouncil was not proved, and, thelefore, there was no power to adjourn ht tring of the appeals, and secondly, they had not formally adjourned the Court of Petty Sessions so as to dispose of the appeals, but had adjourned the cases to the next court day. The Court granted a rule nisi to prohibit the justices enforcing their order. -Argus. Ovn R.aces.-In our report of the re sult of the races on Thursday and Friday last we- nmmitted to mention that St. George, the winner of the Selling hurdle race, was knocked down to Mr. W. HIeanoy at £27, the club netting £7. A TELEORAtr 'from Tingha states that a shocking occurrence is reported from Kangaroo Camp; ten miles from there. .From inforn.itioti to hand it appears that a wedding breakfast was beingpar taken of on Saturday morning, to-which someno0 personssatdown. A feihours after several began to show symptoms of having been poisoned, and in a short time over 20 were stricken down and writhing in agony. Dr. Knowles, from Inverell, was soon in attendance, and is doing all he can for the sufferers. No deaths are reported yet. It is supposed that the tea which they drank had been tampered with. Tin s.s. DAWN left Melbourne at 5.4. p.m. on the 5th; cleared Port Phillip Heads at 10.41) p.m.; rounded Cape Otway at 6.15 a.m. on the 6th; arrived at Warrunambool jetty at 1 p.m. ; left again at 3.20 p.m.; arrived at Bel fast wharfat 5 p.m.; left Belfast wharf at 5.45 p.m.; arriving at I'ordtull jetty at 9.40 p.m. Experienced light N.W. winds and fine weather throughout the passage. ELECTORAL REGrs'riA.-TheI Gaetlne notifies the appointment of- Stephen Dudden, Myainyn. to be deputy electoral registrar for the Iloywood division of the Electoral District of Portland. and for the Portland Shire division of the Western Province, rice T. R. larrington resigned. CornerncrS AoccernrE.-The following tenders have been accepted for Govern ment supplies at Portland :-Bread F. G. Harris; groceries-Campbell and Sons and Co.; meat-'P. Osbourne; vegetables-1W. Osbourne. V.A.T.C. - There was a very good attendance at this club's May meeting which took place on the Caulfield course on Saturday. TheTrial Handicapwas won easily by Honora. Dufferiu second and Vascosa third, while the Hurdle Race fell to Whalebone, with Roy and Hunts man as the other placed horses. The Selling race was secured by Stafford by half a length af'er an exciting finish, Success just being beaten on the post, and The Ghost was third. The Steeple chase was a capital race. Royal Oak securing first honors, iRuby second and Promotion third. The Glenhuntly HIanldicap was won by Menotti with Meteor second and Ringmaster third, and the Two-year-old Handicap was secured by Dick Swiveller, Albert Lod don second and Rosewood third. RlAIsLet.a.-Mr. T. Ward has handed us the following, the recorded rainfall at the local observatory:- 1886\. 1887. April ... 2-23 April ... 1-79 Total ... 8-74 Total ... 5"76 No. of days 47 No. of days 42 TENDERS for the drainage works at Condah must be lodged before noon on Thursday. Sr.xUaEs.-The s.s. Dawn arrived on Friday night and came alongside the pier. She did her business with; this port on Saturday, and sailed at an early hour this morning. The Nelson arrived about 9 p.m. on Saturday night. To day her business with this port is being transacted, and she sails at her usual early hour to-morrow morning. HEnraV Tatrrzc.--The north railway station presented a busy spectacle on Saturday morning, as on that day the majority of the influx of visitors to the races took their departure. So numer ons were the passengers that before all could be accommodated an extracar riage had to be put on, and what with the noise andbustle caused by so many persons procuring their tickets:?and the stir occasioned Ly the placing on board the train several race horses, the station presented a scene of confusion and up roar only to be equalled by a metropoli tan terminus at hohlday time. Accorers.-Accounts .the following are lying at the local Treasury:-A. Brown, Kerr and Johnstone, Portland Borough, C. T. Cooke, A. Cowland, S. P. Hawkins, Heywood Mechanics' J. T. lHaynese, T. Jones. DIsCOVERY OF HusLs We tuNs.-A telegram has been received at Echuca from the Gunbower police by Sub-ln spector Walsh, respecting the finding of human remains at Gunbower. It seems that in September, 1883, an old man named Brooks. then employed as shop herd on Gunbower station, disappeared suddenly. Every search was made for him without effect, andt it was supposed that he had been drowned in the MIurray, which was ill flood at the time. T!h remains found are supposedol to be those of Brooks. A mnagisterial inquiry will be held. As Adelaide telegr:un tells us that several letters have aleared in the Press advocating thle release of some p"isonlers from the stockade in honor ,f the lQueen s Jlilel. as has been dotie i Ildiai It is now stated that the tlerIi':l pl:rty ill this c:nlll.y is Il-in,' :ol its infltuence to secure the release of ('sr o';s and Wilson, the manager and a unta'llll:t ,f the late Conmmercial Bank. W\:lker. the secretary of tIle Y.MI.C.A.. :o:I o:her -i.s-u convicts dluring the ,s ,nii g festive sas-on. CAPE NELsON LOIuTuouss.-M-r. Fish informs us that the lighthouse will not be open to visitors after to-day for 14 1 days, as it is being painted. RABnIT ScaLPs. -TheltabbitInspector for the Shire reports having bought the n following scalps since the last meeting of the Shire :-William Osbourno tU 1 doz., Francis Molloy 6, Richard Banugle hole 7, Joseph Marshall 3, William Thomson 11, Samuel Jennings 12, Adam Black 9, John Kenny r, John Wilson 13, John Liddle 2, Robert Wilsona 1, Joseph Emerson 16,- John Doyle 28, James White 13. Total 157 dozen. TunEa is reason to believe that the Irish-American Fenians are making pre parations to conduct another dynam to campaign in Eng and. BURNT AT SsA.-Captain Waldemar, of the ship Glen Esk, reports that on the night of March 28, when about the equator, he sighted a ship on fire. The vessel was apparently a wooden ship, about 1500 tons. It was one mas. of flames, and sank after burning about eight hours. Captain Waldemar stood by till daylight and found nine other vessels in the vicinity. Two had boats out apparently picking up, something. RECEIVED.-WO have received from Mhessrs. Syme a pamphlet entitled " Proe tection in Victoria v. Freetrade in New SouthWales," reprinted from the Age. bhe little book contains 20 pages, an of course is intended to prove that Vid toria's protective policy is responsible for the prosperity of the colony in com parison to the depression of neighboring free trade colonies. We have not read the book, and therefore cannot say whether the writer has conclusively proved his case.. The currentnumberof I'unch is to hand, and is quite up to the standard of this humorous periodical. We have also received the May number of the Australian Journual, which as usual is full of interesting matter to suit all tastes. The Young Ladies' Jour nal for May has arrived. We feel con fident even the most difficult to please will find something-to suit their re quirements in the charmingillustrations of the Fashion Supplements and pages. Fancy-work, which is always well illus trated and described in this Journal, is especially well represented in this part. The Coloured sheet is a design of yellow poppies and foliage for the the ends of Piano-scarf, Antimacassars, &c.; There is also an outline border of the same flowers for Mantel-Valance. The liter ature is of the best and is most interest ing. Seasonable cookery recipes, good music, pastimes, and answers to corres pondents complete a very excellent part of this family magazine. WE direct the attention of our readers to the advertisement of Messrs. Chas. Cox and Co., of Melbourne, who are extensive buyers of fur skins of all sorts, whether taken from indigenous or acclimatised animals. Furs are most valuable in the winter time, trappers should therefore begin operations now that cold weather is setting in. L' the course of a conversation one of the Herald reporters had with a Roman Catholic clergyman with reference to the suggestion made by Lady Loch for the celebration of the Queen's Jubilee, it was mentioned--and we give them as facts not generally known-that the Refuge in connection with the Abbots ford Convent is open to repentant women of whatever denomination, and that the Little Sisters of the Poor are by their vows bound to render assia tance to the afflicted or indigent with out regard to creed or nationality. DREADFUL MARINE DISASTER.-The British-India steamer Dorunda, from London, arrived in Cooktown on the 27th, and brings news of a terrible shipping catastrophe. On the night of 29th March, between FormosaBank and Bitu Papat, the steamer Benton was ran down by the steamer Fair Penang, and sank. There was over, two hundred persons on board the Benton, and only fifty were saved. The captain, chief engineer, and five European female passengers were among those saved. The remainder, who were natives, were drowned. Both vessels were owned at Singapor. Now that instantaneous photography is coming into vogue, couples who in dulge in that felicitous pastime known as courting should beware. An amateur photographer in Ballarat, who isexperi menting with the instantaneous process, had his camera in position the other evening, ready to "take " the first pe destrian who might come down the street, when a young lady and her escort, both of whom were evidently oblivious of the existence of anyone in the world but themselves, came slowly sauntering down the street. Just as they were about to part company the prepared plate in the camera was laid bare for an instant, and the operator became pos sessed of a portrait of two friends in the act of osculation. It is said (writes the Star) that desperate efforts have been made to bribe him to part with the tell-tale negative, but up to the present without result. JUBILEE ExIsTnTIox.-In conntection with this exhibition. to be opened in Adelaide on the 21st Juhme next, ex hibitors are reminded that all exhibits are conveyed over the railways and re turned to the colony free of charge, the necessary printed labels and railway certificate being obtainable from the Secretary Victorian Commission, 20 Market Buildings, Market Street. Mlel bourne. There is no necessity to sendl exhibits through agents, as the goods can be forwarded from the nearest IRail way station direct to the Exhibition Depdt, Spencer Street, Melbourne. MEssrs. FIsLnn, have cancelled their metal tenders. CLaists against the P.R.C. must be rendered by Wednesday evening. TirE programmne for the sailing matches on the 2ith appear elsewhere. A tEETISG Of the Union Football Club is clled for to- morrow night. .\rrE?NTION is directed to French's boot advertisement which appears else where. T's:.muS are invited for aporch to the Mechanic' Institute, Blranxholme. Ten. ders must be in by the 31st inst. Sums CocrxcL.-To.morrow the or dinary meeting of the Portland Shire Council takes place. ETEtTAINMENT. - Oar readers are reminded that to-night Mr. Telfer ex hibits his dissolving views in the school room of the Wesleyan Church. Divixs SsenvicEs. - Mr. McDonald, evangelist, will conduct special services every ev- cning this week in the school room, South Portland. 