EXPOSED SPIRTS. It has long boon a matter for marvel amongst tho few earnest enquirers whtf havo for themselves investigated tho al leged revelations of spiritualism how any sensible person could plnco faith in tho absurd and utterly unnccessniy manifesta tions attributed to tho souls of departed men apd women. Thcro is, liowovcr, n large section of society, tho individuals of which, while not disciples ot this pecu liar form of I'eligion, yet tnko no troublo to enquiro into its truth or falsehood, and aro content to attend a seance, and to leavo with tho impression that, after all, thcro 4 'may bo something in it." To such persons aa tho latter, tho report of tho com mission lately appointed by tho University Pennsylvania to investigato tho alleged ihcnomeua of tho spiritists will bo use ful reading for the purpose of setting at rest- any doubts ns to tho absolute fallacy of tho wholo' "'-business. In tho published report alluded to ifc is slated emphatically tlmt spiritualism "is nindo up of equal parts of humbug and jugglery, calculated to deceive only the credulous or feeble-minded wliilo tho commissioners further state that thoy aro 44 forced to tho conclusion that spiritual ism, so far as it had boon shown to thoni, presents tho melancholy spcctaclo of %'roos fraud pcrpotratcd-upon an uncritical portion of the community." To anyono acquainted with tho tricks of those who tlirivo upon tho humbug and jugglery referred to, it will bo 110 matter uf Rurpriso to find tho professional ghost .raised with a ready answer to this scath ing criticism, while this explanation will doubtless bo amply satisfactory to the curiously perverted powers of perception of those whom ho continues to deceive with such shallow artifices as table- rapping and pencil- scratching by the unseen fingers of spirit hands. Perhaps 0110 ought not to expect much discrimina tion from adult persons who havo pinned their faith upon tho pantomimic tricks of tho onco celebrated, but now exploded Davenport "Brothers; and therefore tho calm, fust and dclibcrntiyo research of tho Pennsylvania!! savants can hardly, with them, weigh against tho touch of a flabby hand, which iirb been deftly sus pended at tho end of a string in a darkened chamber, or contact -with tho hem of a garment worn by a disturbed angel, whose spotless skirt obtained its dazzling and supposed celes tial whiteuc&s; 111 tho wash-tub of an essentially mundane laundry. Such fic tional manifestations have an overwhelm ing power of subjugation over minds unable to dotcct the humorous side of tho ceremony provided for their mystification. Tho utter absurdity of a departed spirit displaying its beatific cxubcranco in the perpetration of such prankish trick's as would delight a Neapolitan jficrrot at carnival time strikes not tho pondorouu roasoning of thcso simplo people. But to tho very largo class of persons who havo doubts upon tho subject, and who would (ladly leam whether or nob tho medium 3 inspired by anything except a cerebral crank or a desire for amassing coin, tho report above quotedhas given very valuable and desirable information. Were tho solo effects of spiritualism confined to tho de luding of a fow fools, and tho. consequent raking in of many dollars by tho super natural practitioners, perhaps nob much harm might ensuo; bub it is well known that,, in Amorica nnd other countries, tlio ranks of tho insane have boon largely ro- cruitcd _ from thoso whoso mental equilibrium has boon .'upset by theso sluun ghostly communications. To such as still stand( doubting upon tlio thres hold of materialised spirit land, lot this Pennsylvanian report warmly commend itself, for its tendency is to explode 0110 of the greatest fallacies of modern times. 