MISCELLANEOUS. A part of the Government policy will be payment of members. A skating rink is to be opened in Glad stone next month. There were over 20,000 evictions in New York city during the year 1886. The body of R. J. Morier has been found drowned on the Glenelg beach. Mr. P. A. MacMahon, an old civil servant, died at Norwood on Saturday last. He was educated at tbe Sevenhills College. une man near waiao, rionaa, u.s.a.., will soon have a peach orchard with 3,500 trees. Owing to the drought in Texas, 4,000 families are said to be suffering great priva tions. The British Government is inviting Shef field manufacturers to tender for 150,000 sword bayonets and 160,000 scabbards, be sides a vast number of shells. The roof of a church fell in in Sicily, with out the least warning, during the service, burying 100 persons And causing over 40 deaths. A horrible murder was committed at Vienna on Easter Sunday by a railway laborer, who killed his wife, to whom he had been married only three weeks, and threw ber body into a brook. A female gymnast, while performing at Lloyd's Mexican Circus at Cork the other day, fell from a height of 80 ft. When picked up she was in an unconscious state, and was found to have received terrible injuries to the head. A painful and exciting scene occurred on a recent Sunday at a Salvation Army meet ing in Nottingham, summoned to hear a farewell address by Major Carter. Dnrinjr tbe proceedings a woman fell down dead, another was seized with a fit, and many others fainted. At the Queen's Birthday race meeting an the Old Adelaide Course Mr. G. Sean's Shaughraun won the Selling1 Hurdles. Mr, B, Wyman'e Toptborne the Welter Handi cap, Mr. J. H. Hill's Discovery the Birthday Cup, Messrs. Amey Brothers' Demon the Steeplechase, and Mr. J. H. Hill's Perhaps the Suburban Handicap. A Chinaman is said to have discovered that cast-off horseshoes make good cutlers' steel. The wrought iron of the shoes, having been constantly hammered, acquires the hardness of steel. It is also supposed that tbe animal heat of the hoof has some thing to do with it. The metal is said to be good for the manufacture of knives and sword blades. Newspaper men in Germany have to be j very careful about punctuation. The Safer t ; Ttyeblatt a short time ago said that a ; decoration had been conferred upon Count Von Holstein. By an oversight an exclama tion point iustead of a period appeared at lias end of the sentence ; and for this the authorities seized the whole issue and in stituted a suit against the editor for atrocious libel. A Polish pbysician, Dr. Bielczyck, has published a series of important observations he hns been making among the workmen who are employed at the petroleum (or kerosine) wells. He finds that when the gas is freely breathed violent delirium of a maniacal character is produced. The men, however, are remarkably free from ordinary diseases, and seem to be wholly 80 from those of an infectious nature. During the lete winter in the old country a man was summoned for stopping a train unnecessarily by communicnting with the guard. On taking his seat iu the carriage he found that the foot-warmer on which his feet were resting was giving forth a singing noise. Believing it to be an in fernal machine be quickly threw it out of tbe window and stopped the train. The case was dismissed with a caution. The large and hitherto unoccupied hotel in Northumberland Avenue, London, origi nally designated the Northumberland Avenue Hotel, is to be opened for business (says the Builder) during the ensuing month. It is announced that the building hns been purchased by a company, with a share capital of £200,000, and it is to be opened under the oatr title of ' Hotel Vic toria.' It is described as ' the largest hotel in the world.' A most remarkable Bill has been intro duced into the American Congress. It appropriates $100,000 to be expended in boring into the earth's crust, and the duty of spending the money has been relegated to the Engineer Corps of the United States Army. This boring is to be done ' with a view of extending and enlarging our know ledge of the features and peculiarities of the earth's formation and structure.' Germany is, to a greater extent than is commonly supposed, a land of old people. At the time of the last census there were in the empire no fewer than 232 persons who had completed their hundredth, year. Of these 72 were men and 160 women. The oldest person in Germany was a man in Iris 120th year; the next was a man in his 118th ; the next was a woman in ber 117th rear. There were 13 old fellnvrA of 106 and 10 dames of 107. A lady of 115 was re turned as being a spinster. Kerr Krupp haa just finished and tested the most powerful gun yet designed. It is a 40cm. (ISfin.) gun, 40 calibres in length (52ft. Gin.), and weighs 140 tons. Two forms of shell are to be used. The shorter and lighter is 3.67 ft. in length, and weighs 1,6281b; the longer and heavier is 5.25ft. in length, and weighs 2,310 lb. The powder used in the trials was the brown prismatic from the Dunwalder works, the charge being 1,067 lb. The lighter shell obtained a muzzle velocity of 2,411 ft. ; the heavier a velocity of 2,100 ft. a second. The three old British cannon ennk off Plozeset, on the Breton coast, in January, 1797, during the combat between the Eng lish vessels Amazon and Indefatigable and the French ship Les Droits de l'Homme, were duly recovered during the recent low tides. The Amazon was wrecked in the fight, and the canuon were wedged in the sand which had covered the wreck. The Mayor of Ploz-3set has asked Government permission to place these cannon at the foot of the menhir which was raised cloBe by in The pedigree bull sales, with the excep tion of the Border Union display at Kelao (says the North British Agriculturists), are over for a season in Scotland. Many breeders and exposere will not forget the sales of 1887 very readily. The miserable averages which many moderately-good lots of bulls realised cannot but damp somewhat the ardor of pedigree stock-breeders. Even £28 a head at Mertoun last week for young bulls, so deep in good Booth blood as Lord Pol worth's herd is well known to be, is not a gratifying result. Mr. J. R. Dodge, chief statistician in the American Department of Agriculture, has recently given some striking statistics as to the production of pork in the United States, and its exportation. He estimates the number of pigs in the country in summer, when they are most numerous, at 43,000,000, to 45,000,000, or about equal to four-fifths of the human population. The number slaughtered annually is estimated at about 28,000,000, which is less by 1,000,000 to 2,000,000 than it was four years ago, since wbieh time exports have declined that amount. An English paper says : — During divine service on board the training ship Im pregnable at Devonport recently, two or three boys, who attended in charge of sentries for leave-breaking, were mildly reproved by the Rev. J. B. Smy the for their unseemly behavior. They then threw a prayerbook and a cap at the rev. gentleman, the latter missile striking him. The boys were sentenced to receive 24 strokes of the birch, and to be imprisoned for seven days. The act of insubordination is one of a class resorted to by boys anxious to secure dis charge from the navy. An atrocious crime is reported from Southern Russia. Three Jews from Soroca have just been handed over to the Odessa tribunal by the Bessarabian authorities, charged with a horrible outrage on a Russian peasant. The peasant who was engaged as a watchman on his master's estate, had aroused the ill-feeling of the Jews by im pounding their stray cattle. The Jews are alleged to hnve decoyed the watchman into a barn, where they had prepared a large cauldron of boiling water, in which they immersed their victim several times, and then flung him out into a neighboring field. The unfortunate peasant died after three days' lingering agony. A ghost mystery in Somersetshire has just been solved in most prosaic fashion. For some time past mysterious lights and ghostly apparitions have been seen in the cemetery at Tiverton, near Bath, causing much excitement, and frightening many nervous people. Some hoax was suspected, and a watch was kept. The ghost, how ever, turned out to be no human deceiver, but a signal lamp on the Great Western Railway close by. The rays of the lamp were reflected by the signal-arm on to one of the tombstone?, and the slight oscillation of the arm hy the wind made the light un steady, thus causing- the mysterious appear ances. — Jiath Herald. An amusing story is told by a writer Jn the Birmingham Mail about Dr. Wallace, M.P. for the Eastern Division of Edinburgh, and his son, who, as is well known, are both barristers. Bis eon has been at the bar for m»ny yeBrs, and both father and son were engaged in a case together and on the same ide a day or two ngo. The son was, by virtue of bis seniority at the bar, the leader, and when a question arose during the case as to one of the affidavits, Mr. Wallace! the i sod, referring to his father, said, ' Ob, my learned junior will see to tli.it,' a remark which caased a burst of fitod-humored laughter, the remark of course being, though exceedingly funny, technically correct. The following latest food of the American ladies is taken from the Boston Budget : — We have had pink teas and yellow break fasts, but the latest novelty in society has been a Greek dinner. The table was de corated with garlands of roses, and the centre ornament was a Grecian lyre with golden strings. The floral decorations of the room were garlands of roees, and the walls were hung with rugs. Couches were placed at intervals throughout the room. Tbe guests sat on great chairs covered with rugs, and each wore a wreath of laurel tied with purple ribbon. The menu was written in Greek, and among the dishes were wild boar, roast kid, and hare. An intermission of half an hour took place at about tbe middle of the dinner, when burning Oriental drinks were served in silver tankards. The following is a probable explanation of the origin of the upas tree : — ' A real valley of death exists in Java ; it is termed the Valley of Poison, and is filled to a con siderable height with carbonic acid gas, which is exhaled from crevices in the ground. If a man or any animal enter it he cannot return ; and he is not sensible of his danger until he feels himself sinking under the poisonous influence of the atmosphere which surrounds him; the carbonic acid, of which it principally consists, rising to the height of 18 feet from the bottom of the valley. Birds which fly into this atmosphere drop down dead, and a living fowl thrown into it dies before it reaches the bottom, which is strewed with the carcases of various animals that have perished in the deleterious gas.' From Cape Town we learn (says an ex change) that never in the history of rifle shooting in the colony has there been a match so stubbornly contested as that which took place on March 5 between teams of the Mother-country and Colonial-born marksmen, at the Wynberg military range. The teams (fifteen in number) shci over ranges of 200 yards, 500 yards, and 600 yards. Seven shots each were allowed. The Mother-country team was eventually declared victorious by one point only ; tbe gross totals being — Mother- country, 1,274 ; Colonial-born, 1,273. The average made by both teams was thus nearly 85 per man. An endeavor is being made to raised a sum of £2,000, in order to send a native team to England. On Wednesday evening, May 18, by the ordinary train a man was brought to James town (says the local journal) with both legs fearfully crushed and mangled. It was learned that the man's name was John Hickey, a guard on the railway to Silver ton. The accident happened near Nackara. It appears that the unfortunate man had uncoupled some trucks from the engine while in motion, and by some means they became recoupled, and he tried to run be- tween the trucks and engine to again free them, when he was knocked down, the wheels of two trucks passing over his legs, crushing them fearfully. On his arrival at Jamestown he was at once taken to the hospital, where Drs. Patton and Pentland successfully amputated the man's legs, but he gradually sank after the operation, and died early in the evening. Deceased was only 28 years of age. It is pretty well known (remarks a writer in a Melbourne journal) that doctors are not very particular in the certificates of ill health they give their patients. A etory ie told in official circles of a gentleman who, for financial reasons wanted to seclude him self for a fortnight. He wrote a note to his doctor explaining his position and saying that he must lie up for that time. ' You know my constitution,' he added ; ' let it be anything you like.' The reply was a certificate declaring that Mr. O. S. was 'sickening for measles.' But this was immediately returned with a note : — ' Dear Doctor — You forget. The last time you said it was measles, and how then could I be sickening for them now? Better say rheumatism following upon measles. It will look more consistent.' And accordingly the poor fellow was laid up for a fortnight with a bad attack of rheumatism. A Sydney contemporary says : — The Government Resident at Wyndham tele graphed to the Governor of West Australia last week as follows : — The complexion of affairs with regard to the gold-field at Kimberley has altered considerably for the better. Good patches of alluvial gold have been and are being found up the Panton River. Almost all the diggers arriving have parcels averaging from 50 oz. to 300 oz. of gold. Reefs also have been discovered, and the specimens sent in are magnificent, especially from Panton and Mount Dockrell. Diggers are satisfied with the prospects, and are returning to the field. Packers are coming daily to Wyndham and loading up for the field. The machinery for the Lady Margaret reef is expected in June. A meeting is to be held at Wynd ham to urge the Government to make a railway to the field from that town. One of the social problems of our day is to find employment for the number of un married women in England and other European countries. A correspondent of the New York TVVuesgave agio win? picture of the Territory of Montana, the population of which consists almost exclusively of un married men. The spectacle of 30,000 bachelors anxious to marry, and well pro vided with means for comfortable house keeping, is as unusual as it is interesting. Courtship by correspondence is resorted to ; and one fair lady is described as having travelled several miles to meet for the first time the man to whom she was already betrothed. In the young- and vigorous community of Montana women take an active part in politics ; and during the last election in nine cases out of ten the girle Were 'voted in.' The matrimonial ad vantages of this locality should be made known far and wide. The largest library in the world is the Bibliotheque National in Paris, which con tains 2,000,030 volumes, and is wonderfully rich in manuscripts. Tbe next largest is that of (he British Museum, with 1,500,000 volumes, and the third is the Imperial, in St. Petersburg, with 1,100,000 volumes. Other great libraries are — Royal, Berlin, 700,000 ; Royal, Dresden and Royal, Copen hagen, 600,000 each; Royal, Munich, 450,030; Imperial, Vienna, 400,000; Con gressional, Washington, 380,000; and University, Leipsic, 360,000. The Boston public H ' rary is the next largest in America, after the Congressional, having, including the branches, 355,000 volumes. The Yale library has 190,000 ; the Aetor, New Yorir, 180,000; tbe Mercantile, in Philadelphia, 135,000; the Philadelphia library. 105,000; and the National of Mexico, 300,000. The famous Bodleian Library, Oxford Univer sity, England, has 330,000 volumes. — Brooklyn Eagle. One of our oldest colonists — an over lander of the early forties — has expressed his utter want of co.\fidence in the Uhaffey Brothers' scheme of colonisation. 'No rum and no beer !'' he muttered, as he toddled out of the deadhouse, where he had slept off the effects of bis last week's wages. ' They'll give us fruit, will they ? A pint of gooseberries when I wants a beer, or an apple for a nobbier ? Not if I knows it. Give me back, give me back — ' he sang, as he made his way round to the bar, where he had no longer credit for even one deep sinker — ' give me back the wild freshness of morning ! I say, mate, give us a drink 1' The publican obstinately refused without the money. ' Then look here, mate,' said tbe poor, faint, thirsty soul, ' I'll go up to that blooming Mildura; after .to-day I'll never take nothing but fruit, and you'll be ruined. Now wili you give me a drink ?' The publican again refused, and in the deepest depression of spirits the old over lander made tracks for the north-west. — ' Atticus' in Leader, A case of extraordinary pluck upon the part of a woman occurred at a Jefferson medical college clinic recently, says the Philadelphia Record. The lady applied to have a tumor removed from her arm. The doctors told her that they would have to administer ether, as the operation would prove so very painful. This she refused. They offered her a gla6s of wine or brandy, but the lady simply waved it away, saying that she would be able to undergo the opera tion. The doctors consulted for a moment and decided to take the woman at her word and go ahead. They bared ber arm to the shoulder, laid her on her side, and tben buried the knife in the flesh, cut a big gash over six inches in length, pulled the bleed ing pieces apart, removed the tumor, scraped the bone, and then sewed the parts together. During all this time tbe patient never moved. Not a cry escaped her, and as she gritted her teeth her face became as white as a sheet. A£ter the operation was concluded Dr. Brinton, turning to the 600 students, said — ' There is not a man among you who could have stood that operation as heroically as this woman.' Mr. Jay Gould, the American millionaire, has confided his woes to a reporter. ' I'm absolutely out of business,' he declared. ' I've got all I can do to attend to my own private affairs. I've nothing any more to do with the stock market, and I'm acquiring no new properties, railways, or anything else. All the gossip you hear to the con trary is untrue. Why, as it is, I am kept on the drive .now from early in the morning till late at night, without any let up, day in and day out. The money I've made has euelaved me. With financial success cares, and responsibilities, and trials outnumbered go close together ; and there's no escaping the embarrassments and troubles. A rich man ought to be judged pretty generously. He has a good deal more to contend with than people who aren't rich generally sup pose. Food and clothes and a place to sleep, that's all a man gets in this world, I don't care how rich he is. The boy on the farm, the man who isn't driven to death to look for property that is iu his name, they are happiest — or ought to be.' 'S'poBe we change ?' said t e reporter. Five negroes concerned in the murder of a boy who had seen them steeling cotton from his father's field were lynched in South Carolina the other day. The men belonged to a combination of about 40 negroes who had sworn to kill anybody who caught them stealing. The organisation was called the Rising Star Lodge. One of the prisoners testified that he was induced to join the band by being told that they could steal all the provisions they needed. All that was stolen was to be taken to their leader, who would distribute it among the members, and every member was expected to contribute to the general store. Several members of the band were colored boys not over 16 years of age. Others were grey-headed men. Just before the prisoners were to be tried for the murder of the boy a band of horsemen broke open the gaol, brought out the five negroes, tied them on horses, and rode off with them to a clump of wood a mile distant. Here ropes were put around the necks of the five men, and then thrown over convenient branches. The negroes, utterly terror-stricken, begged for mercy, and prayed and yelled. The horses were sudeenly made to spring from under them. A number of pistol-shots were fired, and the mob melted away in the darkness. The totalisator appears to be doomed, and it is hard to say whether the bookmakers or the religious opponents of it are the more ubilant. The use of the betting machine has been for some time legalised in New Zealand, and, like all other machines, causes an immense deal more work to be done in itd particular department than could be got through without it. But virtue at last has triumphed, and gambling in New Zealand in future must be carried on by hand labor. A great moral reformer, one Mr. Steward, took out 23 £1 tickets in the machine, put ting them all on one horse. His horse ran and lost, whereupon the moral one served written notices on the totalisator people de manding his money back. The case went to the law courts, and the moral Steward gained it on the ground that the totaliea torist was merely a stakeholder, and bound to return the stakes if demanded. But I question if the victory is as substantial a one for either the betting or religious world as it appears. If this repudiation of betting debts spreads, where will the calling of the bookmakers be? And as for the religious world's commenda tion of this unjust Steward's proceeding, is it not based on the Jesuitical maxim that evil may be done so that good may come P— ' Atticus' in Leader. Mrs. Ellen Gushing, for many years a mis sionary in Burmah, relates the following in cident of her life in that country :— ' We had been travelling through the country away from any settlement for several days,' she said, ' and one afternoon, when it was unadvisable to proceed further that day, feeling very tired I threw a blanket upon a pile of dead leaves and lay down to have a quiet nap. I had hardly closed my eyes when, feeling something crawling on me, I looked to fiod with horror that it was a deadly brown adder. The reptile was nearly five feet lonp, and he was eliding slowly across me. To move or to cry oui would have been instant death, so I de termined to lie perfectly still and pretend to be without life. Closing my eyes and holding my breath I waited until the adder crawled slowly along over my face. His cold, elimy body on touching my face pro duced such a sensation that it was nearly more than I could do to remain passive, but I managed to do so until the reptile had got away some distance, and then I jumped up and screamed — just like a woman. The coolies and my husband came to my assis tance, and when they stirred up the leaves on which I had made my bed adders came squirming out in all directions. It seems that I had laid myself directly on a nest of them.' 1 