Presbyterian General Assembly. The nununl General Assembly of the Proflby tcrian Church' of Queensland commenuod. last oTening in tho Park Presbyterian Church. Tho opening scrvico was conducted by tho moderator (Rov. 1\ Robertson, of Ip'swioh;. Tho MoDBRATOit, in a short address, thanked josition last year, and moved that tha Rjv. G. Ogg' bo elected modorator for tho prosout year. The Rev. A. Hay seconded tho motion,, whioh was carried unanimously. Tho following inaugural address was then delivered by. tho moderator : — Fathers and Brcihron, — Accept of my thanks for the honour you have conferred upon mo in co cordially electing mo to preside ovor your deliberations iu this assembly. This is now the third timo during my 32 years of ministerial labour in Australia tliat I have been placsd by my brethren in tho moderator':) chair — onno, when our people were councctcd with the synods in the parent colony of New South Walos, and now, twice since tho formation of our Presbyterian Church of Queensland. In addressing' you at the coimncncsmcut of the proceedings of tl.ia sessi' n, allow me for a little to glitr.coat the ptist history of l'resbytoi'iiiuwm in this part of Australia. In doing so, my end will bo attained if in any way I can strengthen your hands iu carrying on the blessed work of extending tho Redeemer's kingdom amongst us. Perhaps tho most con cise way of sotting' our early stato bftt'oro you ?will be by .referring to tho printed 'Summary of Proceedings ' in inj possession. Thero it. is stated that : ' Long previous to, and otou biuce tliu separation of Morotou Bay into the colony of Queeuslaud, the number of Presby terian ministers engaged iu active duty was Mtialf. At the beginning of 1SG2 there irore c.iiy tlireo ministers regularly and statedly ministering to congregations'. Sinco then scvrviiraddUinnul ministers -have arrived in the colony. ? Their presence cheered tho hearts, and revived the hoped of those who liad long uud enruesUv tU'BJtwl an orgnuised chuivh i» Queensland.' Now what made us long so carner-tly for this was the fact that our ecclo Masticnl eomieotious with the synods in tho parent colony proved injurious to us by uphold ing iliyiwons, which, in our case, had no buses to rest upon. . After years of depressing work, however, we at last obtained the object of our desires. In tho beginning of November, 18fi:t, tho synods with which we wore connected mot in Sydney, and to thesa I repaired with tho view of obtaining an orderly separation from them, and authority to connect ourselves with others who had recently arrived iu forming a church in this colony independent ot all outside ecclesiastical control. These church courts at length saw our position anil difficulties, sympathised with us, and passed resolutions authorising us to proceed in accordance with our desire, and on my return with the necessary documents the recently arrived minister:.: and the ciders who had taken part iu forwarding the work mot with ua in my church on tho 25th November, 18(13, and formed the Presbyterian Church oE Queens land, as recorded in our minutes. Of those who took part in our proceedings oti that occa sion, only tho llev. A. O. Smith besides myself is now present with us. Two»of the miuiators not then present joined us afterwards, and thus all tho ministers and congregations of our denomination in the oolony were'iraitjd into one church, ami, let us trust, by the good hand of our God ui)on us lihall over so remain. Our action was approved by all tho homo churches from which we came, as they saw that this cause.s of separation amongst tht-m there did not exist amongst us hero in this new country at tho antipodes; and so each and all of them Imvo united in helping «3, both by men and means, to build up our 'church ou the batiis of the utaudurd common to all the Presby terian Churches throughout tho world. And now that we are here met in the twenty-fourth year of our existence as a chnreh, I cannot but be triad as Ii- oiitrustthoappearaiiceof this assembly with the 53i)::ll first meeting of our supreme court, combiucd with the fact that five presby .teries are represented in it in place of only one as at iirst. And may I not take this as of itself lh« exponent of a progress that ought to entourage -w all in carrying on with renewed vigour tho work of the .Lord in this important colony. But there are other things bcaitln this which ought to cheer us in the midst of the difficulties, both within and without, which aro almost incessantly arising to test our faith aui patience. I fhall iirst advert to tho success that has attended our efforts to train a ministry in tho colony. Soon after our union it became apparent that we could not obtain a supply of suitable ministers irom home, and the pressure of our people for ministrations compelled us to lake somo steps io supply these. Hence, ultimately, by the help of some of our office-bearers and members, arose our Divinity Hall, with its classrooms and excellent library. Students desirous of preparing i'or the ministry came, and both they and those of u» who 1 might wrought hard to accomplish our object. Years were required before results could be known, and now, sinco these year* have passed, what are tho results ? Have wo boun able to educate thoso who have finished their studios up to the standard required by tho homo churches, and are thero any of our own students now ministers of charges ? Beginning with the last of theso queries, we aro able to point to the fact that one-third of our charges lire now ministered to by them both in towns and country, in a way and with n success that none from homo have- been able to excel, and as to our (ruining as comx'ared with that of the home churches, wo have only had one of our students, out of others equal to him, who has gone homo and- tested the matter, anrl the cjucstiou has been solved by his taking a front pluco iimongst the students of tho University of ^Edinburgh, and carrying oil' first and scuond prizes during hoi of the 'two years ho spent there, besides other certificates of merit vrhoro only these were awarded, and by his services in the; home x-uli-its being so appreciated that ho was invited to luko a chargo there, and, I may adel that, on his arrival again amongst U?, and obtaining license, two simultaneous tiillH were given him from two of onr impor tant city churges.. And what makes this eurc r.et'H thfi moi o cncouraBins: is tho fact that it has been achieved whilst onr arrangements for edrciiting our ministers in tho colony. lire, as yet, in an imperfect state and our teaching stall' tmnll, and [its'^hand.s full of pastoral and otlic-r c-e«!osi,i(.f!oal work. Ifoiv, however, wlitu we have assisting us.thoinostpiiiustakiug tutor wo have yet had, an elder of our own chnrch, whoso sympathy with our students iu their studies bus gained their esteem for himself anel a love for their work ; and when our own students, now in onr ministry, aro capable of aiding in tho work of tho hall, if culled on to do to, iiud others are arriving from the homo churr-hen cnpable of sharing in it, tho prospect its opening up before us of u success that wo little thought would attend our efforts to help . ourselves in this matter when no others could. Bnt this rupid glance at ono of tho most vital matters affecting tlio interests of ourohuroh would not be complete where I not to inention tho fact, Iliiit our peuplo aro appreciating tho vnlue of our Diviuity Hull, and our manner of training mimi'tcrM, br at ciuoc accepting them uh their piintoix when they 'have completed the cuiriculnih of thoir studies ; and by tho grow ing flifif option to mnko boltor provision for tho uupport of thoso who so long mid so laboriously Eeelc to qualify themselves for the high calliug of being fellow- workers togothur with, God in the ealvalion o! men. Aijd, uoxr, let me give a ivord of encouragement to my brethren labour ing in places remote from us' hers m- Brhbajio. I tnc.v from personal experience the perplexing ^nnd various dimonltieu which thoy havo to cou tc-nd with', but I trust' .thojr ' all kuow ?whence to obtain atrorigfch to endure thorn '.nil as gccei.roldiers of Jesus Christ.' Ndneofthom haS- ethuTvnntof tho benefits of our system of church government ?which bur early imnifltoi's had to ejidtire, by beingttOO or 000 miles away from tha ? scat of presbytery, with nono to council or »yin pathise with them in thoir trials. But yet wq liivvo lived to see another and J)jippkr~.stttte«of,.thiDgB, mid to..will Ihcso '?brethren,. I am fully pursuaded, do if spared to us 5n the good providence of God. Having ^adverted to our oyutem. to oliuroh government, jl have frequently noticed how little knowledge Pijsts'otjno scriptural fouadation upon whioh It'reetii, arid the need of availing ouraolvcs of faYOnrobU 'opportunities to 'briiifr this boforo our pceipW The Sabbath School Committoo endeavoured to take aotion iu this direction during tho past year by prescribing a toxt-book ion tho subject to onr senior scholars for oiam nation, but sufficient numbers of tho ouo flxoi upon could not bo had in timo for this year's examination. That thoso will bo got and used in tho way indicated will, I havo no doubt, be tho best way of enlightening our young pooplo on this important subjeot. That this mutter is lightly troated by tsome only shows thoir ignor anco of tho voluo attached to it in tho word of God, ami its bearing upon vital Christianity. How carotid was tho Apostlo Paul to sse that his converts should bo gathered together into churches under tho government of priubytoi'D. 'For this cause,' writcsho to Titus, 'loftXthoe in Crete, that thon sliouldcst set in order tho things that were wanting and' appoint presby ters in every city, as I gave- thee charge.' And Jerome, ' iho mst learned of tho Hainan fathers,' commenting on this says, ' tho Churches were governed by a common council of presbyters,' — conwimii presbylcroriim cimviliti rniesiie 'gitbenittliimtitr— in short wcro Presby terian Churches. And this ovelur of Church government, tho apostle distinctly assorts iu his address to the presbyters of Ephvsus, was of God's appointment: 'Take hoed unto your selves ami to all tho flock in the which tho Holy Ghost hath mado you overseers or bishops.' And so, tho Apostlo Petor follows his ' iK'lorcd brother Paul' thus: ' The presbyters among you I exhort, who am a fullow presbyter, tend tho flock of God which is among y»u, oxer cising iho oversight. (Mshopiug) not of con straint, Ijut willingly, according unto God. Neither as lording it over tho charge allotted to you, but making yourselves cnsampliM to the flock.' And, when tho beloved disciple John refers to himself in his last two epistles ho joins Peter in styling himself ' tho presbyter.' Doubtless theso two apostles remembered tho rebuke their Master gavo His elisciples whon Ho checked the first vising amongst thorn of prefer ment- seeking in His ldnjidoiu — 'It shall not bo so among you,'.' and lienco it is that tho majority of thoso who take the word of God alone an their authority adopt this God-given form of church government. Lot but ti revival of true Christianity take place, itml IVe.sby teriim Church government comos naturally as if part of it. Let us hear what John Wesley, the great leader of revival religion iu England l:vhi(r ln«f pnnfiiMr. 1in« in kjiv. Tf. I'nmnw f mill him in a remark to his intimate friend, .Tohn Braelbuni : ' As soon as I am eloael the Metho dists will bo a regular Presbyterian Church ; ' and, he adds, ' Wo could not be Epi.*;opuliniis, wo will not, canuot. bo Indoi-endenb), and, therefore, wo must, whatever ?we chooso to call ourselves, be Presbyterians.' And why is all this ? But just because no othor system har monises with and gives full sceipe to tho religions life implanted in tho soul by tho spirit of God. If on the one. hand we havo a system of church government which sacrifices the liberty where with Christ makes His peoplo free to ' order,' auel if on tho othor hand, another system which sacrifices order to liberty, neither can bo from God. I shall draw my references to this sub ject to a close by emoting from the lato Pro fessor diaries Hodge's work, 'The Church and its Polity,' the following1 passages: 'It is uo part of our Presbytorianism that God's people govern themselves, any moro tliuu a family governs itself. In other words, in the Christian Church, as in a Christian family, the power and authority of the rulers do not conio from the people, but from Christ. Ho com mitted the. power to teach and rule to certain officers, and directed thorn to communicate tho same authority to others. All the power they have comosfrom Him ; the power goas with the commission, which is received in each case from the officers, anel not from tho members of tho church. . . . Tlio authority to exercise the power inherent in their respective offices over any congregation depends on the trill of that congregation, but not the power itself. ? . . If I am orduinod a minister of tlio gospel I have all tho rights and privileges attached by Christ to that office ; but I havo no authority over any congregation that do not choose mo as their pastor, or do not voluntar ily subject themselves to tho presbytery of which I am a member. Wo are persuaded that this is the order which Christ has established in His own house for edification, and not for destruction.' One important subject I have now only a few moments to speak of, and that is the training of tho young- of our flocks in Bible knowledge in the Sabbath school, but as one whole evening is to be dovoted to this work in connection with your committee's operations during the past year, and as you will then be Rddresssd at length by those who tako a prominent part in this work, it is tho less need ful for mo to now occupy your timo in oonnov scholars of the various schools in tho oifcj- is growing in iiitei-est, and that of last Sabbath was a sight that gladdened all our hearts. Ministers and friends who havo come to visit us irom tho neighbouring colonies, and have been present at and addressed these meetings on former occasions', havo expressed their surprise- at tho numbers attending our Sabbath schools, and of tho proofs of tho ex ee-llcnco of the training they aro under there. Fathers and brethren, — Tlio year on which wo are now met forms an epoch, in the history of our empire Half a century will in a few weeks have rolled past since- our gracious Qceeu Victoria ascended the throne. During ?hat long period sho ha3 exercised an influence for good, not .ouly over the vast realms that own tho sway of her sceptre, but over the world at Inrgo. Her sympathy with her pooplo iu all Tanks of life in times of affliction has been given 60 frequently and promptly as to draw forth tho admiration of her subjects and wherever her name is known, and her patronage of all that is gcod and elevating has given on couragement to inuumerablo workors in tho benevolent enterprises that have adorned her long reign. During that timo tho colony in which wo dwell, and upon ?which she bestowed her titular name, has sprung into existence,' and her possessions in Australia arc . giving proof to-dny {hot the foundations of a groat ompirc are bC'ing strongly laid by its peoples. It is our duty to labour that it may be founded on thnt righteousness that alono will give it strength . and prosperity. You will, no donbt, take an opportunity of giving expres sion to our well-known regard for Her Majesty's person and loyalty to tho throne. It will I know be hoarty ; for no monarch has ever taken Huoh an interest in tho land and its people from which so many of us come, and 60 valued the servicos of imr oh urch and ministers. And now I pray that tho Spirit which our only King mul Head promised us a perpetual gift to His ppoplo, may so guide us in all our de liberations that all shall issue in promoting tho glory of God and tho welforo of the flocks over the which tho Holy Ghost hath mado us overseers. Amen. Bvsixess. Tlio Rev. J. I. Knife movei a voto of thanks to the retiring moderator, seconded by tho Piev. A. C. Smith and carried. . The Rev. A. Hay referred in feeling terms to the sudden decease of one of their members during the year. He moved, — ' That a com mittee be appointed to draw up a minute to be placed on the records and to be transmitted to tho widow and family of the lato John M'Diarmid, of Sherwood, out of respect to the memory of the deceased member.' Mr. W. Jones seconded the motion. The committee appointed were: The mode rator, tho clerk, and Mr. W. Jones. A committee, 'consisting1 of tho Eov. P. Robertson, Rov. 0. Ogg; tho clerk, and Mr. M'Callunt Park, was appointed to draw up an address to bo signed and transmitted to the Queen, congratulating Her Majesty on the occasion of her jubileo. ' '-;' It was deoided that the Sunday school meet ing1 should tnko phioo at tho Ann street church on Friday evening next. '.--'. if The'sederaht closed with the benediction. 