REPORTORIAL DARING. Is 1879 I was the mining correspondent of the San Francisco Evening Post, and, in the spring of that year, I was ordered bj jay chief to report the condition of the Grand Prize Aliue at Tuscarora, a flourishing mining camp in the north- western part of the State of Nevada. Mj letter of instruc tion informed me that although the Grand Prize was regularly paying dividends, there was something crooked about it, and that the bottom facte must be got at. It also informed me that the mine had been closed to outsiders, and that, at whatever risk or cost, I was expected to gain an entrance, and to exploit the situation. Upon my arrival at Tuscarora I found that a boom of more than ordinary interest had been initiated. All along the lead of the Grand Prize mine after mine had been located, and the stock of each was eagerly bought. None of the ' prospects' had been opened sufficiently to determine their values, and altogether the excitement had a wild cat suggesliveness about it. Yet the cabins of locators and miners uprose like fabrics of frost, and the creaking of the windlass and the click of the telegraph were speculative hymns. All my efforts to gain admission to the Grand Prize Mine were unsuccessful. On the second evening after my arrival I met a miner whom I had known well in another section of the country. £ went with him to his cabin, and passed the remainder of the evening with him. He was working in the Grand Prize in the night shift, which went-tm at midnight. ' Working wet in the 230-foot level,' he said, as he donned a rubber suit, complete from hat to boots, and glanced at the clock, the hands of which marked 11.80. Here was my opportunity. My friend was a happy-go-lucky fellow, and did not stand upon ceremony when coin was in eight. ' Bill,' I said, ' there ia a cool $100 for you if you will let me put on that rubber suit of yours and let me lake four place to-night.' ' I'll do it, old man,' he replied, after a moment's hesitation ; ' but you can bet that I'll skip the camp in the morning, and if you care for the color of your hide you'll do bo, too.' I slipped on the full suit which he handed me, and hurried to the Grand Prize. In my borrowed outfit and in the semidark ness of the hoisting works I had no difficulty in passing the foreman and descending the shaft with the other men of the shift. I knew how to handle a pick or shovel, and did my turn without being detected. In the morning I wired my paper as follows : — ' The lead of the Grand Prize, which has been running east and west, turned at the 260 feet level, aud ie now tending north and south. The mines lying east and west are worthless, and buyers of shares are being swindled. When this is known the col lapse will be a disastrous one. Managers of Grand Prize are foremos( in the deal, and locations by the score are being made on the quiet by those in the pool both to the north and south. Full report by mail.' I bad given the camp a terrible black eye, and completely foiled the plans of the knavish manipulators. Many of them would be heavy loBere, and not. a few pecuniarily xuined by the expose' when it became known. Well aware that my life would not be worth a cent when it was known that I had capped .the game, and having no faith in the trustworthiness of the telegraph operator as to keeping the sending of my dispatch a secret, I was away by 10 o'clock iu the fore noon. My friend Bill had preceded meat daylight by stage. I rode 80 miles without stopping, save to eat and change my horse once, and arrived at Battles Mountain, my place of destination, some time after mid night. The following afternoon as I entered the bar-room of my hotel I was hailed by Ex pert Charley, a man-killer and bully of Tuscarora. He had just arrived from there, and by the look of his «ye8 1 knew that the telegraph operator had -betrayed me. Iliad careleBsly left my revolvers in my room, and stood, with my bare hands to defend me, before a blood-thirsty desperado, who, without doubt, had been sent to kill me. 'You liar and coward!' he hissed through his clenched teeth, and advanced threateningly towards me. To strike him for his insulting words, or to retaliate if he struck me, was but to give him. an excuse for shooting me down in my tracks. It was a time for nerve and bluff. Quietly folding my arms behind me, and facing my man erectly and defiantly, I said: — ' You know that I do not fight with my fists! If you wish anything else pull and commence.' ', ' ' ' It was an act of pure bravado, but it gave me time, aud my words were scarcely uttered when a revolver was pressed iuto my hand by some friend among the group of miners that had gathered around. Quick as thought, and before my enemy could reach back for his weapon, I had covered him with the one eo opportunely given . me. I had the drop on Mm Bure, and with a mattered curse, he turned and left the place. I was safe for a time, but I felt that the hunt for the game had not ended, and, as I did not wish to kill or to be killed, that sight I boarded unobserved^.an outgoing train for San Francisco. To meet aome business engagement I stopped over at Reno. The hotel and the railway station there are connected, and trains stop 20 minutes for meals, The train following the one on which £ had just arrived brought in Expert Charley. He was hunting for me, and, ascertaining that I was in the hotel, signified his intention of remaining over. I was in the private office of the proprietor of the hotel, and overheard the harsh tones of my would-be murderer without being seen by him. I quietly stepped out of the office by a rear door, and, gaining the street, suc ceeded in boarding the west-bound train just as it got well under way. I chuckled all the way to Sacramento over the cleverness with which I had eluded my Nemesis, and complacently argued that the gentleman from Tuscarora would not leave his stamping ground to follow me further. From Sacramento I made a run* ning trip to the Black Hill vineyards, and upon my return was not a little annoyed to find upon the hotel register the name of Expert Charley. How he kept so well in formed of my movements I never knew. Neither did I inquire nor stop to meet him, but took the next boat to San Francisco. My pursuer was there before me, having taken the quicker route by rail. Seeking my rooms at San Francisco, upon my arrival there I found a proclamation, signed by Expert Charley, informing me, with a flourish of oaths, that be would kill me upon eight, and that if necessary he wonld wait until the hottest sort of a place should freeze over in order to fill me fall of lead. He also referred to the fact that I had ' done him op and several friends of his'n,' and offered to gamble (hat after we had net my reportorial nose would never get me into trouble again except in Hades. The affair had become a perplexing and serious one. The Tuscarora exposure was the theme on the street, and the mining suarpe who were losers were eager to throttle me. To call upon the law to pro tect me was tantamount to' resigning uiy position. The ethics of the mining camp maintain that it is no place for a scribe who cannot take care of himself, either at fisti cuffs or in a street fi^ht with pistols. So I carefully loaded an old-fashioned pair of derringers, and, that they might be handy, placed one in each of the two side pockets of my coat. Then I hunted my foe, even as he had hunted me. I searched for him tirelessly for hours, and was unsuccessful ; but upon returning to my home late in the evening I found him. He stood at the entrance, leaning against a doorpost, and awaiting my coming. The night favored me, and I was close upon him before he was aware, and sprang upon him before he had time to think. Clutching him by the throat, I placed the muzzle of a derringer against his very breast, and pulled the trigger. It missed fire. I loosened my grip upon his throat, and drawing my second derringer fired wildly with my left hand just as his revolver circled in the air to bear upon me. My adversary fell to the ground with a shattered thigh, and the bullet from his weapon fell harmlessly on a neighboring house-top. As he limps through life, Expert Charley is more and more convinced that the average newspaper man in pursuit of his legitimate business of obtaining news usually *' gets there.' It is needless to say that I did not again visit Tuscarora. The scrub oaks and nut pines are handy there, and the suspending of a refractory reporter in air is but the work of a moment. — New York Star. The girls in some parts of Africa have to be six feet high before they can marry. The Africans probably think that a small woman cannot manage a husband. A brief residence in this country would soon teach them better. Lord C. was the guest of Mr E. in a house which formerly belonged to George Washington. At the end of the grounds the Potomac River broadly rolls. Talking about the prowess of George Washington in other ways, Lord C. said : ' I have heard he was a very etrong man physically, and that, standing on the lawn here, he could throw a dollar right across the river on to the other bank.' Mr. E. paused a moment, and measured the breath of the river with his eye. It seemed rather a ' tall' story, but it was not for him to belittle the father of the country in the eyes of a foreigner. ' Don't you believe it ?' ' Yes, I think it's very likely to be true. You know, a dollar would go further in those days than it does now.' ' If an earthquake were to engulf England to-morrow,' said Jerrold, 'the English would manage to meet and dine somewhere among the rubbish, just to celebrate the event.' Science says now that kissing on the lips must be abolished in the interests of health. Most potent, grave, and reverend seigniors, scholars, and philosophers, there are moments you know nothing of, under the mistletoe, when a man doesn't care twopence for science, and when he is going to plant kisses where they belong if the laws of health are ripped from one end to the other. There is a story of a Scotch congregation who by their loud and persistent praises of their minister induced a neighboring com munity to call him to fill their own pulpit. After their offer had been accepted, the preacher's eloquence proved far less remark able than his new flock had anticipated. ' How could you crack him up so much p' said one of the old members. ' Oh,' was the dry reply, ' ye'll all be ready to crack him up gin ye see a chance of getting rid of him by it!' A huckster from the market yesterday halted a farmer on Grand River Avenue with : ' Hey, are you loaded with prod-uce P' ' Humph t' sneered the farmer, as he pulled up. ' We don't grow any of that stuff out our way.' ' What do you grow ?' ' Well, we dabble more or less in pro-juice, and I've got a load of it here.' ' That's given me a hint,' said a potato peddler who bad stopped his vehicle to make a dicker. 'I've been calling it ' proad-yuse' for the last dozen years, and what must the critics have thought of me 3' A friend of Bean Swift sent him a turbot as a present by a servant who had fre quently been on similar errands, but who had never yet received the most trifling mark of the Dean'a generosity. Having put down the fish he cried very rudely, ' Master has sent you a turbot.' ' Hey day ! young man,' said the Dean, ' let me teach you better manners ; sit down in my chair.' The boy sat down, and the Dean going to the door came up to the table with a respectful pace and eaid, ' Sir, my master prsents his compliments, hopes you are well, and requests your acceptance of a small present.' ' Does he ?' replied the boy ; ' return my best thanks to him, and there's half-a-crown for yourself.' The Dean thus surprised into an act of generosity, laughed heartily, and gave the boy a crown for his wit. One night recently a very pleasant 'wake' was being observed in Glasgow, when a terribly hollow, sepulchral voice in the chimney asked, 'Am I right?' The assembled 'mourners' did not wait to answer the question, but vanished' like startled kangaroos. Once outside , a council of war was held; and it was decided to secure the services of a policeman to ' lay the ghost.' A gallant constable was found at last, who was willing to undertake the grim task. Drawing his truncheon, he boldly entered the chamber. - An appalling eight met his eyes. The shroud covering the body web jet black, the face of the deceased was the somebre tone of a negro delineator's. A dusky mist floated through the room, and horrid noises were wafted down the chimney. The gallant constable pressed forward to the he*artb, poked his head up the shaft, and discovered that a sweep was the cause of the mystery. He had been ordered to clean the vent in the rooms adjoining, and, working from the roof, had selected the wrong chimney. The officer has not been decorated with the Albert medal as yet, but, being Jubilee year, perhaps he may be. — Fun. Woif e's Schsappe is particularly free from fusel oil, as it is well aged before being bottled. The ' New York Daily Graphic' of July 14, 1884., contains illustrations of the Wolfe's ScnKAf?3 establishment at Hamburg. £tatrepBper men are about the best judges of a good drink. They one and all appreciate Woure's Schnapps. The exceptional increase in the sales of Woefb's Scusapps may be attributed to its marked superiority over other spirits. 