NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. Loan. A new leader. "The lost leader." Bank meetings to day. Another gun accident. "Casual Labor Office." Minimum fixed at £101. Silver casket for the Queen. A lot of disappointed leaders. Any rows at meetings to-day? A splendid trip by the Ormuz. An Exhibition choir organised. Prospectus of the new loan out. The loan expected to be success. A grand "tuck-out" for the poor. A batch of "wants" from Frome. The haunted cottage is now deserted. A Melbourne miser died worth £1,000. It's the Poultry and Dog Society now. The Melbourne Presbytery at it again. Mr. Horn, M.P., presents his first petition. The country ought not to be fooled by banks. Some of the pearl fishing boats are turning up. Another victory for the Australian delegates. Rev. J. Lyall moderator for the ensuing year. Ormuz mails delivered in London in 28 days. Albany to be fortified with the best arma- ments. South Australia going in debt for another £850,000. Singer on the land crank again, but he is not all wrong. City Council's address to her Majesty on view to-day. What a jollification there will be on the Queen's Jubilee. The Hon. G. C. Hawker going to lead the attacking party. The Associated Banks don't "seem" to be anxious for money. The Scots Church seems to be an endless cause for squabbling. The black murderer at Kimberley resisted arrest, and was shot. Lord Salisbury taking a firm stand in regard to the New Hebrides. Expected that 12,000 children will take part in the demonstration. The farmer's little girl was the particular weakness of the ghost. National Bank declared dividend of 12½ and bonus 2½=15 per cent. The Argus has now got mixed up with the Scots Church troubles. No child under 7 years of age can take part in the schools' demonstration. Sir 'Ennery has appointed a board to deal with the Sydney unemployed. Help our blind friends to help themselves. Remember to-morrow, Thursday. The Irish National League bear testimony to the good work done by the Cabra nuns. The estimate of the number of lives lost in the pearling disaster is now reduced to 250. Great Britain will not depart from the treaty securing the autonomy of the New Hebrides. The moderator of the South Australian Pres- byterian Assembly praises Sir Graham Berry. Mr. Everard's affair was before the meeting of the National Bank in Melbourne yester- day. They wanted to know, you know, at yester- day's meeting of the National Bank in the Hub. The Hon. W. C. Buik and Mr. R. T. Moore negotiating to work the Sydney tram- lines. The Presbyterian Assembly ought to be gratified on reading this morning's cable- grams. The South Australian Irish National League have forwarded another £230 to "Ould Oir- land." A strong committee formed to arrange the schools demonstration in honor of the Queen's Jubilee. To write a letter advising people to treat the ''Escaped Nun" with contempt is rather in- consistent. A lady in N.S.W. writes to the 'Tiser suggesting a real good day's fun for the poor of Adelaide next month. Our own blind string band to-morrow night. Who, with or without a heart, wiil miss seeing and hearing them play? Victorian Government going to ask for £35,000 for 10 years as share towards establish- ing an Australian fleet. It is said Philadelphia has more electric lights than London and Paris combined, and is still adding to the number. France is only going to keep police on the New Hebrides in order to keep order; or, let us say, in order to keep the islands. A representative meeting of ladies to be fceld in the Town Hall in order to determine how to signalise the Queen's Jubilee. New South Wales is going to send to our show the most complete collection of economic vegetable products ever sent to any interna- tional exhibition. The question of selecting candidates for the next Presidential campaign is now agitating the American mind. Cleveland, however, will not accept a renomination. The Queen has forwarded, through Sir Henry Ponsonby, her annual subscription of £50 to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, of which her Majesty is the patroness. Dr. G. O. Frasier, of Ohio says that a small amount of the oil of cinnamon applied with a straw or tiny brush, is the very best remedy for bee stings. It will blister the skin but destroy the poison. Mrs. J. W. Smith, of Orange, New Jersey, during the past year rode 2,613 miles upon a tricycle, 2,238 of which were made upon a tandem tricycle with her husband, and 415 miles alone upon a single tricycle. Dr. E. C. Rogers, who has just died at Quincy, Michigan, provided in his will that his estate should be sold, and that the greater part of the proceeds should be distributed, at the discretion ot the executors, among women with families whose husbands are drunkards. Hugh Bourne, the noted Primitive Metho- dist preacher, and founder of the sect, was born on April 3, 1772. He commenced holding camp meetings on July 12, 1801, and in 1808 he was expelled from the We-leyan body. He travelled for some years in America, and died October 11, 1852. The Right Hon. Lord Cottesloe (known as Sir Thomas F. Fremantle previous to his eleva- tion to the peerage) entered upon his 90th year recently, having been born in the parish of St. George, Hanover Square, London, on March 11, 1798. Lord Cottesloe is the oldest baron in the peerage. The oldest person in France, perhaps in the world, is said to be a woman who lives in the village of Auberive, in Royans. She was born March 16, 1701, and is therefore 125 years old. The authentic record of her birth is to be found in the parish register of St. Just de Claix, in the department of the Isere. A farmer who had agreed to sell one of his dogs to a neighbor for £5 backed out of the agreement because, as he said, the dog be- longed to his wife, who would sob herself into hysterics if he sold her pet animal. But, he added, "If you'll make the price £7 you may take the dog, and we'll let my wife sob." Statistics of the Fishery Board for Scotland state that during the month of February there were landed on the various coasts of the country fish to the value of £97,830—a de- crease as compared with the same month a year ago of £4,935. For the first two months of tbe year the Scotch fisheries have yielded £190,068. The Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal has formally opened the Munipore-Purneah section of the Assam-Behar Railway. In a speech on the occasion he expressed the hope that a few years would witness the completion of an unbroken line of railway connecting Assam with the north-west provinces on the left bank of the Ganges. The Bishop of Liverpool has been criticised by temperance reformers for accepting a gift ot £10,000 for the new Liverpool Cathedral from a brewer. He replies—"Some of the noblest and best men I have known in my life have been brewers, and I think it hard to say that a brewer shall not be allowed to give money to a religious object if he wishes." An account received from Zanzibar con- tains charges of gross inhumanity against the Portuguese who bombarded Tunghi. It is alleged that they refused to allow the large number of British-Indian subjects in the town a proper opportunity to remove their families and property, and destroyed the goods which the people had left behind in their flight. The report of the Lancashire and Cheshire Miners' Permanent Relief Society for 1886 states that the membership now amounts to over 40,000. In the course of the year there were 7,348 cases of disablement among the members, and besides these 129 members were killed. At the close of the year 401 widows and 828 children were on the funds of the society. 