Redistribution Debate. Dbuatb on tlic second reading of tlie llo distribution Uill was reopened last night by a speech from the lender of the Oppo sition, which had one merit; it was skort. It also contained one objection to the measure, namely, that it does not adopt the old fashioned adnlt male population basis. This objection was split into two parts, which mutually destroyed one another. The first part was that the basis adopted is wrong in itself, and that it has not been iiniformly applied. This is like object ing to the yardstick us a unit of measure ment, and then objecting to its being made sometimes to mark off only thirty incheB. Mr. Morehead should have showed that the entire population basis which has been adopted in the main, is wrong in itself ; and that if it were rigidly carried out, which it has not been, it would work unfairly to distant and thinly-populated electorates. The fact is that the whole population has been taken as the basis of representation, with some -modification in favour of distant and thinly-populated electorates and against thickly-populated ones lying close together. That modifi cation would have to be made if the adult male population had been adopted as a basis, or in brief if any other unit had been adopted. Mr. Morehead, there fore, should have endeavoured to show that the basis for which . ho contends would give more favourable results to .those classes of electorates which he i desires to favour ; that is northern and other, distant electorates. He did not do ;that. | ? J5ut .we had' fondly hoped that even the, ghost of .that old adult male popu lation basis had been laid for ever. It seems.not. It exists after death. What remains visible is only a skeleton, unable, as an ingenious youth suggested of another skeleton, .to retain its dinner, much.moro unable to. retain its soul. In fixing .the. boundary lino of the franchise some point .must bo .taken. That point now .is the adult male. Ho is the unit. ]}ut he,.toq,.is a representative. He as fully represents all who are under him as a member of parliament represents all the voters; of. a 'Constituency. He is the Aus tralian paterfamilias ; not necessarily the father of a. family, but a persona -with full citizen rights. Xow it happens that the bush paterfamilias may be, and mostly is; -o. solitary man. The city paterfamilias is rt&ore; frequently ,a,man with nine budding .citizens at his .board. ' 'Whilst one of ithese units is as large as the other, tho .-actually representative power of the one ,i3^o t.hat of the other as one to ten, eot including wife and domestic servaats. Since j(&is; illustration -points to what is me real state oi tilings, no bettor reason ne«Ux- -given to show that whilst the adult mala is the person whom, for con venience, sre select to ey.crcise the f run chi.se, it is most unfair to adopt, say JjOOO adult Miales, who way have few jitrKons undw them, as the minimum lumber of pt-r.-»ns entitled to' send a representative to JJrisbane, and to say that 1,000 other persons who represent 10,000 aiore, ahali eend only one repre sentative. An argument .for tho entire population' ba.'-'is mifflit be found, if it were needed, fa the fact that State affairs lying at and ceai'tlio centres of population ore much more vital to tho welfare of any country than those lying farther away. Tins is proved by this fact amongst others, that the interest felt in politics is always graduated by the distance at which per sons live from the centre of national life. There were three other objections taken to the measure, and those, too, arc mutually antagonistic. This would not reflect on the House, but it does reflect on those persons who offer these objec tions, because they belong to the same party. It reminds one of the simplo minded Irishman who put all his master's fighting birds into one hamper. They. tore each other to pieces. Patrick said ho thought . that us they woro nil going to fight on one side, they surely would not hurt each other. One hon, member urged that tho dividing lines of electorates have been perfunc torily drawn ; another thought that they have been very craftily drawn. Both objections cannot stand ; and as a matter of fact neither rests upon truth. The results of this alleged bad drafting is snid to bo thnt the bill favours tho south of Queensland against the north ; and that it favours the party in power as against the party in opposition. This latter objection is disposed of by those who make it, for in the same breath they add that the party in power has com pletely fallen to pieces and is no party at all ; that in brief the whole House is moribund, and therefore no redistribution scheme can be correctly said to favour any party. This is a dead horse argu ment, and if it wore not like slaying the slain it might bo added that it is passing strange if any purely geographical boun dary division of Queensland could be made so as to include and exclude electors in favour of and opposed to cer tain representative parties. The allega tion that one side of the country has been favoured against another is equally un tenable. If parties in the House were geographically divided, and if one party were always in power and the other ' always out, there would be some force in it. But neither of these suppositioas is true. Ko matter what division, excepting that of geographical area, is taken, can give to all parts of the country equal repre sentation, Tho seaboard of all countries must have larger interests than inland areas of the same measurement, because they include all the commerce on the sea. When Tiotitions were boinc ?nrenared in favour of separation, large use was made of this fact. The value and sincerity of all objections arc disclosed, not by the objections themselves, but by proposed amendments on what is objected to. Destructive criticism is the easiest form of criticism. Constructive criticism is a horse of another colour. The bill is right in its basis. It cannot be objected to on party lines, and even Mr. Morehead did not so object to it. The only grounds for objection are purely local, and if any real hardship is likely on this score to arise possibly it can be averted by alterations made in committee. One thing is certain, namely, that the measure must pass. 