GENERAL NEWS. Fourth Page.—On the fourth page are published " Billy's rose," a pathetic poem by George R. Sims; an article on a revo- lution in gaslighting ; the finances of Canada; small holdings in England ; and various items of British and foreign news. Serious Accident.—Mr. Thomas Jones, of Springhead farm, Mount Barker, sustained a serious accident on Monday evening. He was driving home from the town and, when near the junction of Tobas-street and Exhibi- tion-road, the horse shied sharply and he was thrown violently out on his head. Some time afterwards he was found lying in a pool of blood and was removed to Mr. James Hall's residence, where he was attended by Dr. Weld. On being taken home, Dr. Bickle was sent for, and it was then found that Mr. Jones—who was still unconscious—had sus- tained concussion of the brain. He had a deep wound on the upper part of the cheek, while there were lesser wounds on the temple and behind the ear, so that it is evident that he pitched out head first. Under careful treatment the patient recovered his senses at about 5 o'clock on Tuesday morning, and he is now progressing favorably towards conva- lescence. Concert at Echunga.—An entertainment in aid of the funds of the local Institute was held at Eehuuga on Thursday evening, June 2\. The chair was occupied by Councillor Marchant, and the llall was about half filled. The proceedings opened with a concerted piece by the Echunga Glee Party, and after wards a duet was sung by- Misses B. Smith and Martin. A recall was accorded to Mr. Feruee for his rendering of " The Midship mite," and Mr. Wilton's story of " The Ghost that Jim saw " seemed also to hit the fancy of the audience. A well- played instrumental duct by Messrs. Easton and Patterson was redeuianded, but, although sufficient excuse was given, Miss Richardson declined to repeat her tasteful rendition of " My Love went a Sailing." Mr. Samwell, however, was greeted with such imperative applause for " Anchored" that he had to appease the audience with " Twins." Part second began with a glee, and this was followed by •* Too Late," with a very visible chorus. The listeners sought to encore a duet by the Misses Richardson, but those ladies preferred to retain their seats. Mr. Samwell was once more forced to reappear after singing " Needles and Pin6," and delighted Ills hearers with the genuine English ballad of "Sally in our Alley." . Messrs. Raston and Patterson Were also recalled, and then the -audience laughed at Mr. Minkwits and his stttmp speech in the character of a quack doctor. That humorous quartette " The Chafers " brought the concert to a close, but the. amusement was eontinued by a shilling dance. Immedi ately arter the entertainment Mr. Fernec hospitably entertained the Mount Barker contingent at eupper. Installation.—On Friday evening Inst tlje interesting ceremony of installing Dr. Blue, J.P., as master of the lodge of St. John, Strathalbyn, was perfornied in an impressive manlier by Bro. Berry Smith, I.P.M. The following officers were also invested—Bro. Richards, S.W.; Bro. Berry Smith, jun., J.W.; Bro. Samuel Stanton, 3.S.; Bro. J. W. Elliot, J.D.; Bro. Slaughter, Tyler; Bro. Daenkc, Treasurer; and Bro. Tamblyn, Secretary. Among the visitors present were Bro. A. C. Anclier, B.A., from Adelaide No. I 1, and the following officers of the Prince of Wales Lodge, Mount Barker—Brothers von , Dousso, P.M.; Paltridgc, W.M. ; Samwell, Chaplain ; Wilton, S.D;;. and Jones, Secre- j fury. After the close of the Lodge a banquet ; was held at the Commercial Hotel. The ! usual loyal toasts having been disposed of the Installing Officer gave the health of the new ] Master, and referred to the performance of a similar ceremony when Bro. Blue was drat installed eight years ago. The W.M., 111 responding, stated that their Lodge had reached its majority 011 that very riight. The " Past Masters," " The Visitors," and " Success to the Lodge of St. John," were also toasted. During tile evening songs or 1 recitations were given by Bros. Aneher, von Douses, Elliott, Samwell, Ottoway, Wilton, and Nalty, and altogelher a very pleasant time was spent. Christ Church Social Union.—The first social evedillg in Connection with this newly- formed Society was held on Monday last, when there was a capital attendance of the members. Selections of vocal and instrumental music and readings were given by Mrs. Bickle, Mrs. Rossi, Misses Bowman, M. Richardson, and A. Palt-ridge, Mr. T. C. Paltridge, and tlio Rev. F. W. SamwelL Various games were indulged in, and in every way the inaugural gathering of the Union proved a success. The next meeting is arranged for Mdoday, June ' 20,' when a " spelling bee" is to be one of the features of the evening. Concert at Callington.—A concert in aid of the funds of the Church of England Mission was held on the 3rd inst. in the Primitive Methodist school room. In spite of the wet evening the room was crowded, and the result has been sufficient to clear off the debt on the organ, Ac. , An; overture (" The Daughter of the Regiment.*') was played by the Misses Young, and the two readings by Mr. C. B. Young were greatly appreciated. Dr. Morier sang " Brown Eyes and Blue Eyes," but unfortunately had to leave for Strathalbyn, so that ths'audicnce were dis appointed in not. heaving " Timbet "toes." Tiie thanks of (lie Committee are due to j tlie ladies who so kindly cauie from Stfathal> byn through the rain to assist $ also to Miss 1 li'asther ("Maid of the Mill" and " No, Sir ") and Mr. Oldham, of Adelaide. Bridgewater Mill.—Messrs. Dunn & Co's water mill at Bridgewater is now busily at work night and day on an order for 111 tons of flour for a customer iu South Africa. On Saturday last the stock of wheat on hand stood at 19,000 bushels. The mill is under the management of Mr. S. Cole, who as very anxious to put in a good record of work during the season. FOOTBALL.—The.Mount Barker footballers intend journeying to Strathalbyn to- morrow (Saturday) Tot the purpose of contesting the annual fixture with the local club. . Weather being fine a very .good, game...should be. the result, as has always-been the case when these teams have met."' 'The following players have been chosen to represent Mount Barker: —Cope, Donnithorne, Clezy, Paech, Hoobin. Rundle, Hunt, Milne (2), O'Halloran, O'Shea, Fitzgerald, McFarlane,. Mills,, Homden, Ryder, Peake, Todd, Thomas, and Trouse. Emergencies—Allchurch, Neate, Marchant. A van leaves the -Institute at 12.30, and it is requested that those chosen will be punctual, so as to allow of time for the game. Thrasher and Winnower.—Among the Mount Barker contributions to the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition will be a combination thrasher manufactured by Mr. C. E. Dutch. The workmanship is all done in the town and as far as possible local material has been used. The machine is well constructed and neatly finished, and is in every respect a credit to its maker. Mr. Dutch claims that the machine possesses three - great advantages :—(I.) Because the ordinary four horse-works is strong enough to drive it. (2.) Because the ordinary winnowing machine is used in con junction with it for the purpose of cleaning the wheat, &c.; And (3.) Because this machine, effectually takes the place of cum bersome steam thrashers. The multiplying motion is speeded to suit Bagshaw's, Martin's, or any standard horse-power; thiB gives motion to the drum straw and wheat elevators. The peculiar coustruction and shape of the drum and concave renders this machine infi nitely superior for the perfect thrashing and delivery of all kinds of grain. The periphery velocity of drum is 3,250 feet per minute, which is a good mean speed for corn-thrashing drums. The grain and chaff, after being forced through the concave, falls on. to an endless elevator belt, and is conveyed along under the thrasher and shaker until it falls on to another endless belt—which runs out at right-angles to the shaker on the left hand side. Thence the corn is delivered up into the winnowing machine, which stands about seven feet, away, and is driven by a small horizontal shaft running out from the shaker. The straw is forced oat on to the shakers, and is so agitated that he grain is effectually removed. It is then delivered on to the straw elevator and is seized by the numerous spikes on this endless belt and carried up to the straw stack ; by the adjust ment of a line running oier sheave pulleys and a tumbler, this elevator may be lifted to suit the rising of the straw stack. The machine requires only eight hands to work it, viz :—three on the wheat stack, one feeding thrasher with sheaves, one attending winnow ing machine, two on straw stack, and one driving horses. A New Firm.—One of the results of the Jubilee Exhibition has been to Induce Messrs. W. H. Hoffmann & Co. to open a business in Adelaide for the importation of surgical and scientific instruments and British and foreign patent medicines. An article on which they lay great stress is the " Aurophone" for the cure of deafness, ami the senior partner of the firm is visiting various parts of the colony to explain its use and to give advice on cases of defective hearing. All the requisites to set up a first-class surgical operating theatre may be obtained from the new firm. 