ASSASSINATION. [BY FRITZ.] "'HALLOA, Fritz," says the ' Man of the People" tome yesterday morning when I called to see him. "Did any- one see you come in ?" he enquired. Well, I thought to myself, what was the matter that he should ask me such a question, and I hesitated for a moment ere I gave a reply. After due consideration, I answered, "No, I did not see anyone watching me particularly.; and what do you ask me such a question for? What's up now ? " "Wrhat's up ?" says the" Man ;" "I think it is all up with you, my dear Fritz" (at the same time opening the door of the cupboard, and placing a bull-dog and a bottle of Hennessy's *** before me.) " Have something, it will give you courage. There's some- thing terrible going to happen; some- thing awful. You are to be as- sassinated; you are not to have a show to defend yourself; in fact, I don't like to tell you all—you might commit suicide ere you would under- take the risk of what is in store for you ——— ' " Hold on;" I exclaimed, "my dear friend; what's it all about? but give us that bottle first, so that I will feel a bit better, and then you may go on." After drinking about half the con- tents of the bottle, I asked the "Man of the People" what all the row was about. "I will tell you straight, Fritz, what it is. You wrote that article in Monday's issue about the Jubilee year and the Mayor and Aldermen of the city of big hills and dirty streets [" Dirty streets ! I object, if you mean Newcastle, which I think is a fairly clean city," quoth the " Man of'the People,"]—and you also tread on the corns of two of my old and respected friends, Sir Dugald and old Sam, and they swear that if seen your life is not worth much. Sir Dugald was in this morning, having in his possession two bowie-knives and a brace of pistols, all intended for your honourable carcase. I tried to pacify the noble knight, but to no purpose; in fact, he said he thought I wrote it, and it gave me all my time to get him out of the office, but I had this noble article (the bull-dog) handy, and he left, vowing vengeance to you." " Is that all?" I said. "No, I wish it was; because I know you could do him"—says the " Man of the People:"—"But old Sam has been in, and, being armed with a Martini- Henry rifle, said he would pick you off half-a-mile away. Oh, the fate in store for you is terrible to realise. Several of the uneles, brother, and nephews of the 'Mayor and aldermen of the city of big hills and dirty streets have also been in, and inquired if you were in good health and fit to be seen? Of course, my dear and respected Fritz" (" The Man of the People," now appeared to get quite solemn in what he was saying, some- thing after the fashion of Ham- let's father), "I told them you were never to be seen,except occasion- ally, when it was dark and raining, and when other people were afraid to leave shelter in case they might lose their lives, owing to the excellent manner in which the footpaths and roads were kept, and—" [Here there was a terrible knockling at the door of the room in which we were seated.] "Good heavens, Fritz! here is somebody I suppose that wants you. Take the bulldog, and the brandy, get through the window, and make for your den, and I will call on you. Good luck!" I cleared through the window, and to my den I made, there to lie out of the reach of all my assassins. I drank the brandy, re-loaded the bull-dog, and was prepared to meet old Nick himself. I waited for about an hour, when I could hear footsteps approach- ing. I thought at first that ghosts were about, as the fighting editor has buried many a strong and healthy man near where my den is situated. At last I heard a thud, thud, thud, and I knew it was a friend. I sang out through the hole in the door, which I bored with a gimlet, " Who's there ?" " People," was the answer. I opened the door, and, sure enough, it was my old friend. " Well, who was it ?" I asked. "Another alderman, I expect ?" " No," says the ' Man of the People,'-" it was a lady—the wife of the Professor who had that Educa- ted Duck that you wrote about. She had two fire-irons and a poker in her possession, and said that they were for presentation to you. I told the lady you were not to be seen, and she departed, but not without in- forming me that .you were to be brained the first rime you were to be seen. So, Fritz, be careful where you go, who you speak to, and what you write about again. I will leave you for a few moments, and bring up another bottle of *** for your use." The "Man of the People" kept his word, brought me the brandy, and we spent a pleasant (?) hour together. I have not yet been assassinated (it is now 8.30 a.m., in the Jubilee year), and I hope I will not be; but if such is to be my fate, those that attempt it will find a tough customer (if not taken unawares) in Fritz. 