4DSLAIDX 8POBT. (from onr own Correspondent.) j Adeiaidb, 18th April. TflB tetalisatur and it# ta-e ia etill enrol ing the minds <i tn-uy people is tbi# country, and ooe eeotion of the Prsn eeema deter mined that the mtiobioo shall not again code into are, or at least until th<\- present Act baa been fairly repealed. Toe Register dad come oat strongly io denunciation of the defiance of the law by the use of the totaliee'nrai the Ookaparinga meeting on Bieter Monday, and »aya the promote rs of that meeting have " set an example of JawlesHots- more bare faced, and admitting of less ex'fDoatioii, i than baa ever before b-en at'cnjpted in this : colony.1 Your contemporary tnentiuved the oim" of the secretary, Ifr. A. Von 2) uw, as the chief offender, bat vu unlucky euougb to oouple with him the name of trie brother, a eolioitor at Mount Becker, who a<mpeUed the Register to make him en apology by aho wiag that he had nothing to do with the affair, and now talks of tperitnting an action for libel against the paper. The polioe anthoii'iea are urged to make an example of the secretary , and a summon has been iceued against him to appear next Wednes day at the court-house, Woodside, to answer a charge of breaking the thirteenth and four teenth olaosee of the Gaming Aot, by which be is liable to a fine of £109, or imprison ment with or without hard labour for a period not exceeding six months. Mr. Beddome, the dty polioe magistrate, is going up to adjudicate on the case, nod counsel has been retained on both aides. If the legal arguments are in favour of the nee of the maobine under pertain w- atriotions, the question may be sent Into a hXffktlt torn It, and 1»W"« delay lots ooiSd"' t,kin« tt»- Bat <m III, other iJv ? Aot. oomMmi tke oho to ba5liIIurL?t??0,,,e a. BecreuZ H »bood» if they a Moond time, itu not at all onlik.Vw the oh wry eeoretarr of the 0»v«»a S? ">ay ha»e to enbmit to a .omertS dUegreeahU experience in thin m.tj? Xhere wae no totaileator at the Tv.- - VM on flf"rdaylaat,aSdtS CwIHs thlt 'nb » informed by Oommiaaonet of Polioe that if one «£ Kdl TedT mi enrf- onl4 be poUed. Er&fl; Td tyjv .-£55 wager. met. compelled to .Uod.Vue thSr olieat. were permitted to pw £ oaey to iS fro to them ever the fence. Xbi. totaiieX matter forme a oarlooaetad,, eeditow haa had a good deal of infloBuon on the eleotlnes. The Ayiil, relates that Dr Ojok- born, the Minister of E locution, h.e under taken to bring in a bill to repeal thu Gamine Act, end It la .cry well known th,t the Von D.insaa brothers did a greet deal towards canting the eleotion of Dr. Oockborntor the Monnt Barker dietrlct. The oppoaente of the Minister eay that he went round htmnlf to get their enpport ; cod the onrions part of the baaine" U that Dr, 0 xjkbara wasrieoted at the expense of Mr. J. L Stirling, who had alwaya supported the machine, and is one of the beat and stauoohert sports- men tbat we have in the oolony, whereas it is doubtful whether Dr. Cookborn koows rouoh about a horse. It i« not zraoeraary that a Minister 0f Education should be a spomog mm, or that he should know anything about raoehorae. nod there- fore u ienot in disparagement of D r.Oookbnm £ wbo is a very pleasant-mannered man) that these things are mentioned, bat it does seem curious That a sterling sportsman, in every sense of the woid, should have lost his seat tbrongh the action «-f a raoinir party. The Ookapsrioga -aces, whoh took place on Eseter Monday, were, as usual, very fuo- ce&fn;\ from a spectacular standpoint. The weather was all that oonld he desired (thanks co the steady rain that fell on the previous Saturday), and the racecourse and its sur roundings wore an attractive appearance, being so piotowquely situated amongst the hills. The attendance was not so large as usual, the falliog-off being partly attri butable to a railway accident wbiob oooorred last season, ia which a locomotive fell over a bdt.k, and it was only a miracle that saved 'be whole train from following suit. Roughly estimated, there were between six and seven tbonsand people pregnnt this year, and the orown of the hill that fills the right-hand side of the raoeoonrse was covered with conveyances of every de scription. Family parties were piocioking under the spreading gam trees, and many were the frieodiy gatherings at lunch time. A very enjoyable time was passed by every body present, and I am pleased to eay that no accidents were recorded on the journey to and fro. The totalisa'or was used on this oco sion, and upwards of £3200 passed through the machine. The p-rtloulars of the racing have already appeared in your columns, but a word or two should be said ia reference to the tactics of thwe who own Banker and Topthora. The former horse was hpcfced lor f»ll ilf money in thu market iu doubles with 8worUK-k, ac<J was I horatohi-d at & I/ite huur s>ud rent <-. ths Steeple, in which be fell. lY-pthrrc was the second /sruorite in <ke Kardlr-s, t,ud be was alnc backed with s number of hor?e iu tbc Stc-ef'e. He vat pcrntohf-ii ecd wnt f >r the Cup. in whi.ih ho hiu ghost of a fihow. I. i-1 piv'.t-- u-eLtr-,?|v »hal bucfrititfj and scratc.hifkS were nil it the mtcretip of two or tlr« : bvoks," v,:-.o knew they were lay- io«- rtfff njooy, and tudre is > strong feeling if difcjtu?-'. in tbe.,iniud!) ef iuom who wera "bsd," and a gre&'tr rj» i» .n ever in favour of thr ;uta!istor. Sucb practices ea tbr-:. must sicken beokots in tin-' end, and \ btkVc (he effect of kiUio>, the goviw for j tf>e ficldeu egg. Mi. cutty won the I HiffdJe with ttper/leiioD, by Sir Ed- mond, beating Rifleman and Tamanaoh for plaoes. In the Maiden Fate, Mr. John File bad hie first bit of bad luok at tbe meet ingi by his oolt Wentworrh being beaten by John Hill's Disoovery. Weotworth is a big cult who yet, wants a bit more time to oome on, and he was unable to get ruuud the co ners as quickly as hii smaller uppooent, acd nearly fell as be was enieriog the straight; but I think it is likely we shall hear uf him by- and-bye. The Cap furnished a very close contest between Satyr and N'choUs. and bad it not been for the fact tbat Nicholas ran in a btndage, which came loose in tbe race, and nearly tripped him in tb straight, Nicholas would have won. He iv»m« very feat in the Iaac, few strides, was only beaten by a head, and was in front in tbe next stride past the post. Satyr ran a good game horse, and was very cleverly ridden by Quinn. The Steeplechase was we!) won by tbetop- weight, Swordfisb, who, it was reported, bad been goiog unkindly in bis work, but he ran well enough on this oooasion, and proved his superiority over the rest of tbe fluid by going without a fault from beginning to end of the contest. Hyperoa and Demur filled the places. John Hill soared his third vtocory in the Hills Railway Stakes by the Gang Forward filly. Perhaps, beatiog Lacrosse, Norma, and others. Sha had to give away a lot of age aud weight to these, and tbe raoe was only won by a short neok. The Amateur Steeple was won by Mr. F. Cornelius on Maud, who fell in tbe hig Steeple, bat kept her fiat against the amateurs, and beat Pearl, Sir Bvye, and others. The Saliiog Raoe fell tu the Baron. The South Australian Trotting Club hild a meeting on the old oourse on Saturday afternoon last, and not withstanding the fact that the weather was favourable and a fair pro gramme was ifisoed, the attendance was Very limited, and not of an euoouragiog character for tbe club. It is evident that public interest iu email raoe mtetiugs has fallen off, and without the totalisator to fill' IQ we gape UQ-WCBB >UU cvouvb, tusic AS but little attraottou to the lookers- on when 30 aove. is the highest stake offered on a metropolitan oonree, and yet tbere is nothing to encourage the club fo give better mooey. A fruitful cause of ardent aud death ia tbt» seeding of green aod uaecbooled horses for jumping events, and another jockey has losi hi life from this o&use.; On Saturday, - at l be Trotting Club meeting, a roaie oalled Highland Mary was sent for the Hurdle Rop, and sbe fell at the second flight, tmfc poastbly not frotn her own fault, as Dandy hau tidiea in front of her, and tiae im»y have brought her down. Her owner, how ever, had been told that she was too green for jumping work, but be despatched her au nour afterwards t ox Ihe Stcepkebase, when she fell at the first fence and in jured her jockey so bidly that he h»i thifr morniog died in the hospital, and the- coroner will hold an inqueAt tbis- ufivrnoon. The boy's name is W - Johnson, bdiI he o.me to AdeleiJe entoe iiiUc time- ago with a circus troupe. Hie pereuts wa said to reside iu Oollingwood, oaar your eiae» Hi. car wtra oat olf, ana ha wae .1 iciuiel about the head, a« wall as in'ernally. Sjme day a law will be pawed that will throw a share of responsibility on other people than the poor jock, who nee to rifle for hie tiring ; end when a coroner « jury can bring in a verdict of jnanelaugbttt agaisat those who are the main cauae of the ridare deaths we ehpU ba ve f e wer oasuaWes and f atalitiee In tbe IMd. . j-jskryi who bare lost their liree, ecd others .bo hare bean badly mjd durioK the last few yewe, laaomethlng terrible. .Whan snoh acoidents oan b» foreseen, aa in the present case, the authorities should oej- trinly take eome aoilou to prereut bao- lrgKed or ill-trained orocke from brioging their ridere to grid. . 