THE PEER YBI NGU: PAPERS It is always pleasant to find men billing to give np some of their spare time for toe benefit of their fellow.men, and when a patriotic desire to aid in local government takes possession of a particular class cr profession, it may be taken as a healthy sign of the times Hitherto the desire of land and eBtate agents to assist in municipal councils has been confined to a few isolated os 868, and it has been popularly supposed that these, gentlemen spend all their time ic trying to get off an undesirable allotment on an unsuspecting' purcbaser, or diddle a co- agent out of his stipulated share of the commission A healthier tone is now perceptible and becomes more marked as the time for municipal elections draw near. All the suburban estate agents have discovered that they are wanted, or want to be, in the local oounoil. This ambi tion to place their talent at the disposal of the ratepayers is very admirable, and deserves to be rewarded by a seat at the Council table. What puzzles me in connec tion with the matter is that this ambition should attack all the suburban agents in the same way and at the same time. A friend, with whom I have talked the matter over, Bays that there are more logs rolled, although they may be smaller, in the municipal councils than in the Legislative Assembly. 14 Most land agents," says my friend, dog matically, 41 are part owners of the beautiful eBtases whose views are unsurpassed — in the auctioneers' advertisements — and whose streets are broad, spacious, well made, and thoroughly drained — upon ths agents' plans. To get into the Municipal oounoil is to be your own friend st court, and to get your back scratched, on condition that yoa will scratch the backB of the other councillors. The municipal councillors can take over the streets of these beautiful and desirable estates, their roads can be made, and their Cimmerian darkness at night dispelled by a lavish erection of gas-lamps. The lots that had been beforehand desirable only on paper wili soon become d-eirable in fact, and the land agent — or land jobber — wili reap the reward of his unselfish exertions in the splendidly large nnearned increment of his properties. I don't know that it is right to call it the unearned increment, for heaven knows it entails a lot of labour, this working of the oracle." Of course, my friend is a pessimist, whose opinion is of little value, and I, for one, cannot believe that snoh mercenary prim ciplee actuate the eloud of candidates for municipal honours. For my own part, there is no one I would sooner trust than a suburban land agent in a transaction in which I was not the vendor, and some other : fellow was the purchaser. The honourable Alfred De&kin; must, in vulgar phraseology, be pretty well 44 full up" of banquets by this time. He has beeu feted and sur-feited, and must have sn honest love for a homely meal, where there was no menu, where good digestion was allowed to wait on appetite, and where the longest speech did not exceed, ' I'll trouble you for another out, underdone." Pre paring an elaborate feast for a man under oircamstanoe8 that almass forbid hie enjoy- ment of it, eppeare fco be a barbarous inven tion of refined aruelty. It is returning evil for good. Because a man has distinguished himBeif, or done good service, his unthinking admirers immediately rush to the conclusion that he must be hungry, or is dissatisfied with his ordinary daily bread. They hie them to the caterer, who, at their bidding, kills his fatted calf, and makes splendid prepara tions for a 41 banquet." This banquet may be a very pleasant affair for ail but the guess of the evening It br-ngs no joy to him, for he has to pay in hind and discomfort, though not in money, for the feast. He has to 44 sing for his supper," and he knows it. A speech is expected of him and when he sees the reporters sharpening their pencils, and feels that vulture editors are waiting for the reports to rend the speaker to pieoes, is it any wonder that his appetite vanishes, and that the b&Dquet; is as joyless to him as it was to Macbeth, when the onin vifced Banquo popped in at pudding-time. Surely the inventive faculties of men in this nineteenth eentury can devise some less terrible method of doing honour to a public man. If it is necessary that he should speak in pub ic, let him speak by all means, but do not insist npon his sitting for an hour or two beforehand in front cf diehes for which he hath no stomach, and wines whioh he doBs not oare to drink. Honour him and hear him, If you like, but do not first torture him. Connected with the Melbourne sporting community is a well-known identity who is given to quaint Bayinga that, in the hands of an Amerioan humourist, might be worked up into good things. He has recently aooepted an appointment to a stable in another colony, and this is (he way he confided the intelligence to a sporting writer for one of the papers : 44 You oan say," he told bim in confidence, 11 that it is rumoured that I have been offered the appointment. Only s&y; in print that it is rumoured, mind, but then you can go away in a corner and safely lay yeur- eelfa hundred to one that lam going to adoptat." / He was once asked if be knew another sporting writer. 44 Well, yes," he replied, "I've met him several times, but I've only seen him eat once. But that onoe was enough. I never saw a horse put away his oats like he did. Ain't he a 44 doer ?" That ehap's got a terrible power of vengeance if he only used it properly. What an awful doing he oould give to any 'rest&ur;&ut-keeper; that he bad got a down on." Some little time back this identity purchased a house in one of the suburbs, and the news na to rally travelled around amongst his friends. One of these, meeting him, asked Ike if the report was true. 41 Well yes," said Ike, 44 1 bought a little placs the other day, bat I had te give two thousand quid for it. You see, a man wants a little bit of home when he gets np in years, den't he ? So long as he's got a rocf of his own over his head, he's all rLht. He oan always mansge to pick np something to eat, even if be has to Yankee grab with the baker for a loaf of bread." The picture of Ike Yankee-grabbing with ibe baker for bis bread, and tossing the butcher for chops, would be worth placing in oor National Gallery as an illustration of the motto 44 While there's life there's hope." Was it owing to the fact that the Rail way Commissioners had arrived at an amicable understanding how to get rid of their traffic manager (the genial Johnny Anderson) so as to induce bim, sly old fox as he is, to sincerely believe that ke was actually beiDg promoted instead of disrated, or was it the exhilarating effect of the mighty dirl which the two sturdy High landers b ew from their bagpipes ae they walked round and round the festive board &t; the banquet given to the leading citizens of Me bourne on Tuesday last, that made Mr. Speight so frisky and light-hearted ? What ever the cause, the astute chairman of the Railway Commissioners had turned his back upon the engine - drivers' grievances, forgotten all about the wishes of the northern suburban folks to have railway communication between their homes and ;he metropolis a month or two prior to the holding of the Millennium Exhibition in 1932, and he was bubbling over with good numour and boyish fun, and caused all about him to laugh till their sides shook, and thereby aided the diges tion of the sumptuous fare provided by their host. 44 Ah ! Mr. Speight," said a sleepy-eyed M.L A who was sitting opposite, 44 you can't be worried by the reporters here ; that's what has driven dull care away." '' Ha ! ha! ha 1" laughed Mr. Speight. 44 Say that ag nn ; repeat it once more. The reporters. Ha ! ha ! ha 1" The M L A. repeated the observation. Mr. Speight was fairly convulsed. 44 Why," said he, 44 since the Windsor railway accident I have never retired to rest without looking under the bed to see if there was a confounded scribe concealed there waiting to hear if I dropped any nice little tit-bits about departmental changes iu my sleep I. have lived in a continual nightmare of suspense. I have been afraid almost to open my eyes in the morning for fear I should behold three lynx-eyed penci Iers waiting to ask, 4 Is there anything fresh, Mr. Speight, about the accident ?' Look here, gentlemen, the next railway accident will astonish the public. Just wait till I get the chance, and I'll put all the reporters iu Melbourne on board a special excursion train, and then send tke blessed thing to giory. 'Not one shall be left to tell the tale " The company laughed, but seemed to think that Mr. Speight was somewhat drawing the longbow. 44 Look here, said the smiling Railway Boss, 44 1 tried watch-dogs to keep the reporters from coming up to my front door at all hours of the night to ask me some question they knew I would not answer. But, great Cassar's ghost, the reporters were so often in the garden that the antiquated old watch -dogs grew to know the scribes better thn th»-y knew me, and they passed unmo ested. Why, there was a reporter who used to call at my house at least three fcsmes week late at night I trained my dome- tics to say, wp.h perfectly straight faces, that I was out. What do you think that reporter chap used to do ? Why, he used to pull out his pipe, light it, roll his top coat round him, and then sit down on the doorstep and say to the girl, 4 Please tell Mr. Speight He's out,' replied the girl, Well,' said the scribe, 4 Just tell Mr Speight that I'll wait here till I get something.' And he used to sit there till I had to go to him and satisfy him that I had nothing for him but a glass of good old port, which generally sent him away rejoicing. Bless my heart, they used to come down oo Sundays in shoals, and stay #11 the af ernoon. But I think I have euchred them now — I kept the j ker for the last trick. I have beseecbed the suite engineer not to improve or mend the roads leading to my house. That will keep the scribes away, for I know they can't get over mud. And my plan is succeeding The shire engineer has permitted men to commence laying gas and water pipes in all direotions, and several times in the dark the poor reporters have come to grief therein. By-and-bye they will give up troubling me, and I will live in peace. He's a sticker, the Victorian pressman, especially on a railway accident. Why, j.st the" But the nice little narrative was nipped in the bud by the President proposing the toast of 44 The Queen," God bless her ! JOHN PEERYBXNGIdS, .1 