THE NEW PARLIAMENT. Four members of the new Parliament were elected yesterday. They are the Premier and the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Mr. Basedow and Mr. Catt. It cannot be pretended that the election of the Premier is under the circumstances satisfactory. There is a general disposition on the part of South Australian electors to deal considerately with old members, and to re- elect them even if their views are not in thorough harmony with the views of their constituents. And such a course is creditable alike to the electors and the elected ; but it is difficult to say to what cause Mr. Downer's return is to be attributed. He left without announcing any policy, so that an opponent would have had a very difficult and thankless task to perform if he had decided to contest the constituency. He would have been fighting the ghost of a policy upon which blows would have had no effect. He would have derived no assistance from the published views of Mr. Downer's colleagues, for on some of the most important points they are hopelessly at variance He would have exposed himself to the taunt that he was taking an unfair advantage of the Premier's absence to wrest his seat from him. It is, therefore, not surprising that there was no contest in Barossa. But the absence of a contest leaves one in uncertainty as to the cause to which Mr. Downer's return is to be imputed. It may be if he had been on the spot, and there had been a contest, that he would have been returned triumphantly at the head of the poll. It may be that he is so universally trusted in his district as to disarm all opposition. It may be that his election is due to a feeling of gratitude for past services or to a lively expectation of services to be rendered in the future. But speculation is in vain. All we can say positively is that Mr. Downer has been re-elected in his absence without opposition. The return of the Commissioner of Crown Lands is more readily explained. Both the members for Gladstone have always been popular with their constituents, and during the last two Parliaments the district was in an exceptional position. For about five-sixths of the time one or the other of its members was in the Ministry. Mr. Catt joined the Bray Ministry very soon after his election. For one session there was an interregnum, and then Mr. Howe took the portfolio of Crown Lands, which he still holds. If we may be pardoned using such a homely figure, Gladstone had therefore during the greater part of the last two Parliaments two stria gs to its bow, and in its own interests the district could hardly do better than reelect its two former representative], is questionable whether any candidate would have stood much chance against Mr. Howe and Mr. Catt. At any rate both gentlemen were there to fight their own battles, to answer questions put to them, and to tender any explanations that were demanded of them. They were prepared to contest their seats against all comers, and their return unopposed most be regarded as an expression of the trust reposed in them by their constituents. The remaining member of the new Parliament already elected—Mr. Basedow—has served his constituency well. He is a painstaking, conscientious member, and well merits the confidence of his constituents. It must be satisfactory to bim to find that after so many years' service he has been re- elected unopposed. With a view of guiding the electors we publish to-day an epitome of the views of the candidates who were nominated yesterday, as expressed by them in their election speeches. To compile such a statement is not an easy ta3k, for, unquestionably, some of the gentlemen who are seeking Parliamentary honours have the knack of saying much without making their meaning very distinct. In reading through the epitome one is struck with the extraordinary contradictions that are encountered. Gentlemen who profess to be Freetraders nevertheless advocate protective duties, and some who are opposed to a particular form of taxation will nevertheless agree to it as a last resource. There are some notable exceptions. A few of the candidates announce themselves as uncompromising Freetraders, and others are equally uncompromising in the avowal of their belief in protection. Speaking generally, however, the published views of candidates are like the Ministerial policy, very vague. Many of them give the impression that the candidate has never devoted any serious attention to social and political questions, and has therefore just taken up the topics that have either been suggested to or forced upon him. The electors have to make the best choice they can. Twenty of the members will be elected on Saturday, and eight on the following Tuesday. It would be very difficult to foretell the result of the voting, and it will not be an easy matter to say after the polling has taken place what definite issue has been decided, It seems pretty certain that there will be a majority against the proposed property tax, and we take it for granted that the Government will drop it out of their programme. As to the other subjects that will have to be dealt with, we must patiently await the course of events. SIR C. DILKE.—Our London correspondent WTiteB:—"A great stroke of good fortune has befallen Sir Charles Dilke. Mr. John Snook, an aged relative of his, of Dutch descent, who died a few days ago. altered his will in June last, and left Sir Charles Belmont CaBtle, in Hampshire, and a property of the estimated value of £150,000. This the testator did solely on the ground that he believed in the entire innocence of his relative. It was at one time expected that the estate would have been divided between Sir C. Dilke and the children of Mrs. Ashton Dilke." 