The Golden Hope. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. ' I drmmt a di earn that was not all a dream. ' BY W. SLA&K; StTSSSlLL Author or ' A. Sea Queen ' The Wjbbck ot ihe GROsvBjrou,' ' A Sailor's Sweetheart, ' &c.; Th&. Might ,of Translation is Heserved.] ||0W FIRST PUBLISHED. !0HA3?TER XX (Continued). 14 Ffeol,^r^ax)7fpol,'' answered the boy, '111 leili^a^feyou wai tb hold me over the raillf|;say ye^d iet go if I anssvered yiia to wnat you've ask6&, I' a. say yes. ' B'yeWjfcl can't hear ? S'eip me, as I'm siftingvtwhat the parson said was a ghost ,%T6te down a. hisland for him — a female ghost— and says she wa3 on it, and she opened- hep arms to the parson, and 1 v _ _ M^SrAa »*» liia fn nn its lue parsuu-jitj lua^o up & J her. ;!An' here w e are a-going ! 'Twarn't only that, neither. : The ghost made the parsoajsee the thip blazing up ia the Indian dceki, him being ia England, And the skipper, he talked of a ghos:, as come to a ship's wheel aad made a chap there fetch a Bible, and next day he drops down dead. There was nothen I didn't hear, fool or no fool, William.'' ' Well,' ssid Henry Sawyer, with an uneasy glarwo aft at the clergyman and a kind of writhe cn the hatch he was sitting on, : ' if Johnny ain't blundering, the look, out of this woyage is the oncoin fort&blest; a respectable sailor could sign for. Why slaving 'ud be better than ghost humiig, diunaie.' ' What's a ghost like,' said the cook. 11 Anybody ever see a ghost 'DM liie,. parson .tell the capt'a what the ghost .was lite ?' enquired Goldsmith. 'No,' answered Johnny. ''It wor something aa put it's arms out.' ' Well,' S^aid 'Dact, 'that's what ghosts do. ' I've seen 'em represented in the theayter. They come up oat of the holes under the stage, and points and talks with their arms. They never speaker .There's nogood in aaym1, as Sam did^ there 'ain't no ghosts ; 'causa if they'd never been wisible how could they be...drawad and how could j)lay-hactors dress bp like 'em ?' ' What I said was, that no man ever yet sefe;-aghost,' exclaimed Sam Wilks, an ordinary seaman. 'A ghost's a man's soul, and my father believed that when souls was liberated they got bio wed about till they brought up. but no man ever saw a soul., ^y,, if it 'was something ye could/ltiok at, every time a chap died yoii'-l see his Boal flyin' away.' *fTell yer what it is,' mates,1' said Goldsmith,' you may say it ought to be middlia' warm in these parts, but it3 blasted1 cold to my notion.' ' Light a pipe,' said Duck. ' Jimmy, '' said Breeches, meaning KittSj who' was at the helm, 'told me this. afternoon that he was shipmates with a man who knew a sailor that had murdered a young person hp was .keepin' company with. Hehid the body and. sailed away ; , but t^a, girl' went with him. If he jumped aloft she' was on the footrope alongside of him. , n;he toqk;_±he wheel she!d be hold ing theiea spolres. : If he. looked over the side3ie'd; ifee 'her in the wiater . When he catne home slie stepped on to the quay with him, ,and. Jimmy said that his mate told .him tha^'-rifhpn ihe man stepped over the'side the!yourig person made him take a coach and go .. .do wn fcolwhere her body was, and dig it up and; look- at it, which he did, and then she made him take the coach back, again and go to the police and tell Jfem he had murdered her.' ' Conscience is the name of that there ghost, ' said Duck. 'Cohscienb§beblowed !' cried Breeches. ' Mean to tell me a. man as can murder a young woman's 'got any conscience ?'' Look .hexe li5 said the cook, ' what I'm a thinking cf is this : what's this here woyage ' about?', There was a short silence.1 Whether,' continued the cook, ' ghosts is to be believed in or to be denied of, I don't mean to take a hand in searching after thsm. If .Johnny here ain't a; 'liar, that parson there's gone and and bough t this hooker 'spressly to find outftuB iiiflland on, which something that came to him when lie was abed said it lived. I for one didn't sign for a job of this kind, and my opinion is that we ought to speak to the captain, and larn from the captain hisself what his motives are.' At ihis mordent Stone, who had been, eating his supper iii the cabin — the last meal on board, ship is always called sup per, though ashore it would be called tea — came on deck ana took a turn or two along the gangway, first casting a glance aloft, then running his eye round the sea till he cauie to .'the sinking sun, that was then a truly glorious spectacle of flame aud color,! insomuch that the mere re flection of it in the sea yielded a score of shiningand. exquisite tints from the burn ing red on the horizon, to ihe delicate amber 'that^barae sifting through the water to the schooner's side, where it died out and left the ;sea on the port beam a rich violet. This the old sailor stood gaziog at for .some .moments with the sort of re verence isi Iris face that the grandeurs and beauties of nature excite in plain and .' simple minds, after which his eye was token by the crew talking togejther Wn the forecastle. It was im mediately- evident to him that they had got 'under weigh with some topic of more than usual; interest, and observing that they all looked towards him as if , they had a mind to speak, he quietly walked forward with a careless ; glance , at the foretopsail, as, 1^X3,. iiea .was.to .see that.aU was right, that .way,' until he carae to the windlass end j. where he stood lightly looking round hith; » ? ? 'Mr Stone,' suddenly exclaimed the cook,' could ye tell us what this here woyage is undertaken for?1' ** lJj3dertaken for I' answered Stone, startled 'by the abruptDesB of the question, and dMatVtom, itttfcratfr noticed by the easx, who exchanged glajices, 'Way, why' d'ye mean to say you don't remember whr.t you signed for ?' ' Yss,' replied the cook; 'I signed for ths woyage from the port of London to a hisland in the Indian Ojean and back. We was to go out and return in ballast, and I understood it wur to be a sort of pleasure eraise, a kinder yachtm' job '' 'That's it, Micky,' exclaimed Gold smith, who of all the men had apparently been rendered the most uncomfoi-rable by Johnny's story. ' Well,1' cried Stone, ' and who's 3aid it ain't to be a sorter pleasure cruise, a a kinder yachtin' job as you call it, eh ? What d:ye suppose the object is— piracy 1 if that were it you may reckon we'd need more muscle than what's to be got out o' i ths likes of that sua-,' pointing to the fat J arms of the cook. 'Tell ye what it is, Mr Stone.' said Breeches, ' We've larnt that there's I something soopernat'ral as ths sayin.' ia, i:i the parson's iutentiaas, and thougii I don't believe in ghosts myself, I'm ^iot ar;oia' to help in any job I can't see day- { light through.' -£ Ghosts?' crifd old Stone ; H what P.re you talkin' about 1 Who's been a jawin' j to you about ghosts ?!! i 'Callin' names and insulting of people ] ain't answering questions,''' said the cook, j viciously. ' Will you please toll us what i this here woyage is undertaken for ? ' J The men again noticed the disconcerted i expression in ihe old chap's face. He 1 glanced aft, and observicg that Mr For- , ter.cuj had left the deck, motioned to Hiraai, who wr.s watching ths crew as though he had now gue-ased that some- : thing more than mere ' yaruiag' was keeping the fellows together. As ths captain walked forward in strides aa long a3 a tragedian's, the eye would have been taken by the lovely sea-piecs of that ! moment, the airy splendour ia the wes:, the velvet-like blue in the east, the ocean line going round in a soft sweep of indigo till it met the dying glory where it was re flected, the sails of ihe schooner standing briiliant as white plumage against the ] pure wmdwira dusk, the little crowd of i me:; forward where the windlass was, and where the foremast rose yellow, with its black shrouds and snow-like cloths, to the j golden shining ; and the sand-colored i deck aft, tenanted by a solitary figure j at the tiller. ' What's the matter % ' said Hiram. I ' Why,' responded Stone, 'here's Bill J Breeches askm' if there ain't something ' soopernatur&l; in this woyage ; talkin' about ghosts and the likes of such stuff ; and here's Micky Anson inquirin' what it is he signed for ? ' j 'I know what I signed for, capt'n,' answered the cook, 'and I likewise know what I didn't sign for.' 'Look hsre!' interrupted Hiram, ' what's the matter ? That's what I want to know.' ' Well, I II tell yer what's the matter,' responded Breeches ; ' you an' the parson an' Mr Stone here had a private conver Sition iu the cabin at noon.' ..' Well 2' thundered Hiram. ' Well,' continued Breeches, easing down his defiant manner a bit, in the teeth of the skipper's resolute, frowning stare, ' we onderstand that the parson g tve you a varsion of his reason in buyin' this wessel and sailing of her to the Hindie Ocean that was as unbeknown to you and Mr Stone as it was to us.' ' Well ?' shouted Hiram. ' Well,' proceeded Breeches, 'what we are informed is that a ghost appeared to the parson and wrote down a hisland and said sha was upon it, and she begged of him to come by hopening her arms out | to him, and that's why he bought the schooner. I tell yer,' said the man, waxing defiant again, and seeking en couragement in the looks of the men around him, 'that I don't believe in ghosts, 1 don't know nothen about 'em and don't want to ; but we're agreed that parsons are people as may get hold o' notions which plain sailors would rather not help 'em to carry out, d'ye see, capt'a, aaJ if so be ? ' Hiram and Stone had b6en staring at each other ; the former at this point jelled out, ' Who told you that we had a private conversation in the cabin V The cook said ii Johnuy.' Hiram stretched forth his long arm and collared the youth with fingers like steel hooks. ' How did yyr know we had a private conversation in the cabin ?' he roared. ; The lad's knees knocked each other as he replied. ' ' I was a bit tired and I turned into the spare bunk, an' when you an' the parson an' the mate come down I r — I lay stiil— not choosin' — bein' afeared — hi ! hi i' It was bound to come, and for a long minute Johnny was cutting wild capers . and raising boisterous shouts over a regular downright old fashioned ropes-ending all of the oldeu time. The crew accepting this as a matter of course, waited with impatience for Hiram to recover his breath. The first words he said were— ' Breeches, you're an old fool.' I ' What d'ye call me that for V cried the man. 'Out of politeness, you old scara mouch. Why, if I was to give you all i the names you desarve you'd have more j titles than the Emperor of Ohaney. To think of a man of your age talkin' about ghosts % Why, what do you call yourself ? A man! ''What's this here woyage ^about T' de manded the cook. *' About,' exclaimed Hiram, with extraordinary scorn, 'about? Think of a cook, a cook, asking nautical questions and expecting answers ! Look here, my 1 lads, and let Breeches and Micky listen to me. The Weruiam was a Heast Indie* man ; she wa3 burnt ia the Hindian Ocean ; there was a lady aboard of her as Mr Fortescue was to marry. He dreamt that the wessel was burnt and that the lady, who was in one of the boats, reached an island that Mr Stone here was cast away upon. He disbelieved hid dream till he ho.u'd that the ship had been burnt ; and then, when he comas to iarn tli',t the island ho dreamt about was a real place and thai Stons knew it, ho saya to j himself, ' This here wkion may have J come from Heaven. Who knows, since j what I dreamt was true, that the lady I see in my dream upon this island mayn't hactually be there ? I love her ; she wss to have been my wife ; I'll spend what money I've got in a schooner and sail to this here island, and I'll trust to Almighty God, if so be my dream's correct, that we shan't be too late to preserve her life.' My lads, what's onreasonable in this ?' The crimson gloom that was now upon the sea and sky was a good light to study the tacts of the men in as they listened to Hiram, for it deepened every line and added another shade to the bronze on the cheek, though it had ita mellowing in fluence too, specially noticeable in old ! Stone's face, whose earnestness was soft ened into pathos by it. ' There are husbands among ye, I dare say,' continued Hiram, ' and soma I j doubt not has sweethearts ; beside3, ye're i all English ; ay, even Micky Anson's English ; aud if there's any man hare as considers Mr Fortescae's detarmination to see if the end of his dream ain't as true as the beginning proved to be — if there's any man here as can see anything sooper natural and not-onderstandable in the gent's seekin' of his love where he believes her to be castaway, then all I can say is, he must bj the onnaturaiest character and the worst scowbanker as ever signed articles for a lovfly ship and a beautiful woyage.' Thus speaking he ran his eyes over the men with a challenging stare at each. ' Then ye mean to say,' observed Breeches, ' that what Johnny took an' brought forward's a lie ? ' ' Yes — a lie as big as he is ; a lie as big as you and him and the cook is,' cried Stone. ' What's your idea of the clergyman's hintellect that you should suppose he's capable of goin' a ghost huntin' 1 D'ye suppose that an educated man like him, a man that Sunday after j Sunday teaches folks with ten ti aaea more brains than you, things that they don't know nothen about— dy'e imagine he's to be set right by the likes o' you ?' 'There was nothing mentioned about our seekin' the island for the purpose of takin' the parson's young woman off it,' exclaimed Duck; 'there was nothing said about it in the articles.' 14 The woyage was to the Indian Ocean and back, anyhow, cried Hiram, ' touch ing at an island there. Ye'll allow that/' There was a general murmur of assent. ' Very well,' continued Hiram, speaking with excitement, ' and I should like to know if we was to find a countrywoman of ours upon that island, or any ship wrecked sailors belonging to the Yerulam, or any other wessel, I should like to know,' he cried in his huskiest voice and with a stern roll of his eyes over the men, ' if there's e'er a seaman here as would say * I'm not agoin' to rescue that there woman or them there men because it's a job I didn't sign for ?' ' There was a pause, broken only by the flap of a sail as the schooner rolled to leeward and the rippling of water at the stem. Some brigh; stars were shining in the dark eastern blue, but westwards it was still a rusty hectic among the lines of clouds whose skirts were blackening to ths night, though their brows still held traces of the glory that was deep down behind the sea. ' Why, of course,' said Goldsmith, hammering at a flint for his tinder box. ' If you put it in that way, capt'n, it's right enough. Ne'er a man here, I s'pose, believes in ghosts, hobjects ye can see and yet walk through without feelin' of 'em. And our wish to hear what you had to say about the yarn Johnny lay and listened to, wasn't because we was suoh cussed fools as to reckon we was actually bound out to bring home a ghost, but because none of us not having much acquaintance with what goes on in parsons' minds, we agreed that there must be something uncommon hidden from us in this voyage, and wanted to know what it was.' ' Well, ye have the truth,' said Stone, ' and I'll go a bit furder with you yet, mates — the capt'n here'll bear me out ; the reason why the clergyman didn't tell us afore we started that he had dreamt the lady he was to be spliced to was on the island, was 'cause he was afraid of being sneered at. Ain't that a likely thing in a man ? Why, I've known chaps afraid to say their prayers — actually ashamed to ask for God's blessin' upon them and those they've left at home— for fear they'd be laughed at by their mates, choosin' rather to put aside God's love than be jeered at by the meanest of his creatures.' ' Well, that's true enough,' grumbled Breeches. 'I myself have had feelin's I shouldn't ha' liked to talk about, 'speciall when my boy was drowned.' j *' It's all that bloomin' Jobnny S'1 cried Joe Hall. ' If he'd told the cook the truth there'd ha' been nothen said. But who was going to know what he was bound out for when that chap comes along with his yarns about ghosts and sperrits on an island waiting for the schooner to take 'em off 1 ' ' And I ain't sure, Micky,' said Saw yer turning upon the cook, 'that the yarn wasn't aggravated by your way of relating of it.' ' I'll ywear,' cried Johnny, who stood cowering behind the foremast, ' that J never said nothing about the ghost's heyes bein' like ridin' lamps for bright ness. Tet Micky made that out. S'elp q?e, skipper, it war Micky's temper as forced me to 'splain why I hadn't come forrard afore, or rathor than ha' said a word about the parson's yarn I'd ha' been — ' and here as was apparently his custom he expressed himself willing to incur all sorts of frightful and horrible calamities, such as being strvck blind and the lik.e. Tfcis the cook answered by calling Johnny m^uy offensive names ; but the cteW now saw how it w$b ; thpre was nothing more to argue about ; be sides ic would be eight bell3 before long/ and time for the men who had the first watch below to think ol turning in. 'A queer aouion for them to have got into th«r heads,' s^id Hiram to Stone ss they walked aft ; 'better say nothen a'^out ii: to Mr Fortescue ; it might make him uneasy.' ' So I think,' replied Stone. 'I dunno thit I'm sorry it's happened either,' said air am ; ' if the woyage was puzz'iii' to us aft it was bound to be puzz'iiu' forwards ; but now its onder standable to all hands : at least, onder stand=ibJe from the curate's way of look ing at it. Mind ye Bill, wh^.t I said to the men don't prove that I cease to con sider th} whole bilin' of this start ataazin'iy eooperriat'ral, as Breeches right' y calis it. I've bee a turning it over all the afternoon, and have tome to the concius'on that this here woyage must be regarded ss a ^him put into the gen's mind by his dream. If the bearm's of ynur island are correctly givan, we shall find it right enough, but that's al'! ; nothen else but the inland, if it aiut a suvidsre or two 5' ' W.'ll, we'll have to find that out by waitin',' said Stone. ' My view is, that since ss much as he could find out about his dream tamed out true the other part 'il be true likewise. Ye know, Hiram, that there's no nonsensical piety about me. What I believes iu I keeps to my self unless I'm asked to speak. My notion is that one s 'ui's quite enough for a man to look after in rhis world, an' that if he consarns himself with other people's souls he stands io let his own go adrift. So, touchin' this here dream, I don't want to hargueas if I was some convarted re tired sea captain, who makes friends with parsons in th' hope of gettin' a hoist into a berth ashore through 'em ; all that I desire to say is that, the Being as made them stars, and the holler of whose hand is big enough to contain the ocean and everything afloat on it, is as likely to show mercy to a man by puitin' a useful dream into his head a3 by bending a gale of wind just when all hands thinks them selves lost. ' Why, yes,' exclaimed Hiram, fol lowing the indication of old Stone's finger as he pointed aloft ; ' there's no limiting of the Lord's power ; everybody knows that ; and it 'ud be prebumpsious,' he added, emphasising the b as though he would have Stone to observe his mastery over difficult words, 'in me to say the parson's dream didn't come from the Lord. Still, Bill, ye know, it would be more satisfactory it this class of wisions was more general. There've been a good many dreams goin' in this world ever since Hadatn woke up and found Heve alongside of him, which some married men might consider in the light of a nightmare ; but when it comes to one chap being singled out—' — He paused, and added, ' Tell 'ee what I should like to dream of, Bill, and find come true.'' ' What ?' said Stone, gaping. ' Why of a hisland — not with a ghoBt upon it — but with a signboard standing up an' saying, ' Four foot down lies ten thou sand pound in good money.' That 'ud be a practical dream. But when it comes to females in wisions implorin' of you ? ' He was checked by Stone gripping his arm, and at the same moment Mr Fortes cue came out of the cabin. It was natural that the crew of the Golden Hope should find matter for talk in what Captain Weeks had told them. Certainly the curate's dream did not cor respond with Johnny's notion of their being bound out to an island to bring home a ghost ; but it furnished the voyage with a motive that made it seem a queer and uncommon thing in the thoughts of the simple, ignorant fellows ; and Mr Fortescue was promptly trans formed into a mysterious person to their fancy, who had visions and was to a cer tain extent possessed, and was conse quently to be treated with respect and politeness, because it was certain he could exercise peculiar powers, and was there fore a man not to be offended or annoyed on any account whatever. ? (To be Continued.) ? 