A MA'S N IOTHIER.IN-LAW. It is a mystery which no one has yet solved why so many sad jokes are constantly being perpetrated about a man's mother-in-law. What dreadful crime has the unfortunate. woman committed in providing the man with his wife that he should bear such an undy ing grudge against her. Now if it was a woman's mother-in-law who was made the butt of these jokes there might be a grain of sense in them; for it is the man's mother who has it in her power to make life a burden to the young wife and not half try. As matter of fact, a woman is usually fond of her son-in-law if he only gives her the ghost of a chance. When the young couple first go to house keeping who is it that comes in and with-her good sense and practical experiences- tides them over the rough placesI A man's mother-in-law: It is the woman's mother-in-law who is most apt to criticise, and who exasperates the young -wife by quoting all too frequently, ' My son is used to have things thus and so.' ' ?ay son must have this or that for his meals.' ' My son, with his small income, should have married a prudent, economical, woman,' etc. When the first baby makes it appearance, as well as the successive ones who is it that steps in and relieves the husband of his weary vigils, and takes the load of care and worry K off the wife's feeble shoulders, and keeps the household running ' The man's mother-in-law. When he and his wife plan to take a little • trip together, who is it comes in and takes charge of the house and children, so that they can peacefully enjoy their holidays, with the restful thought. ' Mother is there and it will be all right I' The man's mother-in-law. When there is sickness or trouble in the house, who is the faithful'nurse, the wise counsellor, the sympathising friend ? The man's mother-in-law. And if, in the course of events, the wife dies, who is it that usually comes in and takes care of the children, and keeps up the home till the bereaved husband has time to hunt around and find another wife 1 A man's mother-in-law. And how does he reward her for all this devotion By-making heartless jokes at her expense, and publishing them for other men to snicker over ! Ingratitude, thy name is man ! over ty nam man 