THE VINTAGE.—The vintage will commence at the Ettaraogah Vineyard on Monday. PoBiiic HOLIDAY.—Thursday next has been proclaimed a public holiday in the Albury djttfict. THE AIIBURY GOLD CUP.—The principal prize at the ensuing race-meeting is now on View at the shop of Mr. Cohen, in the form of a very beautifully-designed gold cup. ATIBUEY WINE FOR LONDON.—During 'the past week Mr. P. Fallon dispatched over 2000 gallons of wine from the Murray Valley Vineyard in fulfilment of an order received from London. THE COROWA LIBEL CASE.—We notice that the Hume Farmers' Union have started a subscription list to assist the defendant in the Corowa libel case in paying the fine imposed upon him. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—1000 merino wethers from Stony Park to Wodonga, H. Richardson owner ; 120 merino rams from Stoneleigb, Victoria, for Currawinga, Queensland, Fowler and Carstairs owners. CONGREGATIONAL CHUHCH.—The anniversary services ot the Independent Church Sunday School take place on Sunday, 13th inet. Sermons will be preached by the Rev. J. Masters and Rev. E. Steggall. ALBURY LICENSING COURT.—The next Bitting of the Albury Licensing Court will be held on Tuesday, 5th April. Applications must be lodged with the C.P.S. at least three days before the sitting of the court. THE POLICE MAGISTRATESHIP.—TbeSydney papers contain a notification of the appointment ot Mr. Gordon to the office of police magistrate at Albury. They also notify the transfer of Colonel Blomfield, C.P.S., to Camden. GON CLUB HANDICAP.—Elsewhere will be found a list of the nominations received for the .£60 handicap of the Albury Gun Club, to be shot on Tuesday next. Circulars with handicap will be forwarded to each nominator to-day. PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.— Members of the Albury and Border Pastoral and Agricultural Society are reminded that nominations for the new committee must be forwarded to the secretary, in writing, not later than Thursday, 24th March. BANQUET TO THE HON. W. HALLIDAY.— The banquet to be tendered by selectors in the Brookong district to the Hon. W. Halliday, takes place on Thursday, 14th April, at Greensgunyah. An advertisement elsewhere invites tenders for the catering. SHALL DEBTS COURT.—At this court on Tuesday the following cases were dealt with :— Gehrig v. Craze, claim for 15s. 3d., goods sold and delivered; verdict for plaintiff. M'Camey v. Painting, claim for £2 for hire of a c»b at 10a. per day; verdict for amount, with 5>. costs. KILLED BY LIGHTNING.—During the recent thunderstorms two bullocks, the property of Mr. James Mitchell, of Tabletop Station, were killed by lightning. Mr. M'Laurin, of Yarra Varra Station, near German ton, also lost a valuable thoroughbred horse by the same cause. BREACH OF THE RAILWAY BY-LAWS.—A man named William Brennan, convicted of being drunk on the Tail way platform last Tuesday, was fined £5, or one week's imprisonment. It was proved that the defendant had been lying helplessly intoxicated on the edge of the platform. LICENSING BUSINESS—On Tuesday transfers of licenses w»»re granted as follows :—S. Ringwood to T. Fitzgerald, hotel license of Market Hotel; E. Crisp to G. Crisp, wine license, Eight-mile Creek. Booth licenses were granted to Messrs. Divey and M Arthur for the annual races. 1 To CORRESPONDENTS.—" T.K."—Your tank contains 1385 yards. " J.B.," Zulu Creek.— Mount Kosciusko is the highest mountain in New'South Wales. "W.M.," Bull Plain.— Your tank contains 374 yards. " Balranald." —We are unable to answer the question. The Board may have had some directions from the Minister. AN OLD OFFENDER.—On Saturday last Ellen Orange, an old woman who for the past 20 years has been in the habit of wandering about the town subsisting on charity, was brought up on a charge of vagrancy. The police proved several previous convictions against her, and the presiding magistrate- Mr. Dulhunty—sentenced her to three months' imprisonment. CROWN LAND SALE AT WODONGA.—A Bale of Crown lands was held at Wodonga on Wednesday, and resulted as follows :—Lot 1, withdrawn ; lot 2, 33|p, Wodonga, A. M'Cormick, £3. Two lots at Tangambalanga were knocked down to J. Minogue and J. Maddock, respectively, at the upset price, £1 10a. per acre. Lot 5, of 50 acres at Wagra, fell to Mr. H. H. Pearce at £7 2d. per acre. MAIL TENDERS.—Tenders are invited in tue Victorian Gazette for the following mail services:—To and from post office and railway station, Yarrawonga, two trips per day ; to and from Yarrawonga and Mulwala, N.S.W., six days a week; to and from Yarrawonga and Burramine, three days a week ; to f>nd from Numurkah and Tocuniwal? via Katunga, Strathmerton, and Ulupna, six days a week. THE BOTANICGARDENS.—Therecent layingon ot water to the Botanic Gardens has already had the effect of making a marked improvement in the appearance of the grounds. Stand-pipes have been placed at short intervals all over the gardens, so that the whole of the beds can be watered. The introduction of several jets of water playing constantly in the lake is also a noteworthy feature in the lal alterations. STTEEP AND STOCK DIRECTORS.—The fol lowing gentlemen have been appointed direi tors for the Wagga district:—Sheep Directoi —Messrs. Angus Mackay, Pomingalarna James Hawkins, Eunonyhareenya; Jam Cox, Marrar; James Robertson, Mimosa John King, The Rock. Stock Directors- Messrs. William Devlin, Ganmain ; Stephe: Styles, O'Brien's Creek; E. C. Pearson Sandy Creek. THE LATE FIRE IN DEAN-STREET.—An in quest on the late fire at the draper's shop o: Mr. Kelly in Dean-street, was held at thi Court-house on Monday last by Mr. Fosberyi Some half-dozen witnesses were examined at| considerable length, the case lasting from 11 a.m. until 5.30 p.m.; but no fresh information of any importance was adduced, and the jury directly alter the close of the investigation returned an optn verdict. MAGISTRATES WANTED.—Great complaints are made touching the impediments to the administration of justice at Wodonga, caused partly by the want of a resident C.P.S., and partly by the lack of magistrates. Owing to these causes much delay is occasioned in various ways in the conduct of civil proceed- ings, and when the signature of a magistrate to a warrant ia required, it is sometimes necessary to send as far as Chiltern. To SELECTORS.—Selectors should not forget that they have only until the 31st of this month to pay their instalments and interests, actually due on the 31st of December last; and that it is advisable that they should not leave the task to the last moment, and so assist a rush which cannot fail to prove inconvenient to all concerned. It will be as well, and save time, if they bring in with them the last receipt they received from the land agent. EXTRAORDINARY YIELD OF GOLD AT CHIL- TERN.— The most extraordinary yield ever obtained in the Indigo division was reported on Saturday from the Great Northern claim, on the Great Northern lead. Splendid results have already been reported from this claim. In the face two dishes of dirt were taken out, giving 35oz. 19dwt. of gold. There is great excitement about, but the ground below has already been taken up by a company, and the course of the lead then runs into private property. THE ALBURY WATERWORKS.—Daring the past week Mr. R. Le Poer Trench, in pur- suance of instructions from the head of bis Department, formerly handed over the charge of the waterworks to the Mayor. At a meeting of the Borough Council next Monday evening the subject will no doubt be brought up for discussion. As already stated, the present reservoir is not equal to the requirements of the town, and it ia hoped that the Government will consent to construct a second reservoir. A POISON PLANT.—A travelling correspondent, writing from Wilcannia under date of 1st March, says:—" There was a great smash' in a mob of 10,000 sheep on Tintinalligee. The sheep were travelling from Momba to Tolarno, and after passing through a paddock rather bare of feed, they were taken on to the frontage, where there was a most luxuriant crop of some description of pea. The Bheep ate the stuff freely, and soon after began to die at a terrible rate. Nearly all were more or less sick, and ultimately the total loss was ascertained to be 1500. They were a nice lot of 2 and 4-tooth wethers, and very fat." SALE OF BOOTHS —The sale of the right to hold publicans' booth, and other privileges in connection with the ensuing races, took place on Saturday last, and was conducted by Mr. Ten Brink. There was good competition for most of the lots, and the total sum real'sed— £294 10s.—was £17 in excess of the amount obtained last year. The following is a list of the items:—Grand-stand booth, Mr. M'Arthur, £55 ; No. 1 booth, Mr. C. Davey, £27 ; No. 2 booth, Mr. C. Davey, £25 ; four iruit stalls, Mr. Humphreys, at £7, £6, £5, and £4 respectively ; grand-stand gate, Mr. M'Arthur, £100 ; outside gate, Mr. Lipsett, £58; race cards, Messrs. Affleck and Gray, £7 10s. A VAGRANT.—A young woman giving the name of Emma Champion was charged on Saturday last with disobeying a summons for having no lawful visible means of support. Mr. Wilkinson, for the defence, said that if the case were dismissed, the defendant would leave for Melbourne by the afternoon train. The police consented to withdraw the charge on the defendant undertaking to leave the town. Oa Wednesday the same defendant wsB again brought up, having been arrested on the previous night in the Chinese camp. She said she had come over from Wodonga to arrange for the removal of her clothing, and the presiding magistrate said he wouid give her another chance. OBITUARY.—Mr. Jacob Helm, son of a very old German resident of Albury, died on Saturday last. The funeral took place on Sunday, and the remains were followed to the cemetery hv a long train of mourners, headed by the Volunteer Fire Brigade, of which the deceased bad been a member. Mr. Helm, like most of his couutrymen, was an enthusiastic musician, and he wa3 one of the founders of the first properly organised brass band in the town. From the Ballarat papers we learn that Mr. Frederick Anderson fell a victim last week it) the prevailing epidemic. Mr. Anderson was for some years engaged on the typographical staff of this journal, and was very much respected by all who knew him. He has lately been employed in a Melbourne office. 'LEARING SCRUB LANDS.—In accordance with a recent decison of the Cabinet to employ the surplus labor of the colony in clearing scrub lands, the following circular has been forwarded to the District Surveyors by the Under-Secretary for Lands :—" It being the intention of the Government to arrange for the absorption of the unemployed by utilising their services in clearing scrub lands, and turn ing them to profitable account, I am directed by the Minister for Lands to ask that you will be good enough to at once report as to any portion of land situated within the resumed area that may, without doubt, be classed as scrub land, and also to state, in your opinion, the best practicable means of clearing these areas. This matter being one of urgency, must have your immediate attention, and your report can be supplemented by more detailed information, as it can be obtained from the field officers." THE ANNUAL RACES.—All arrangements are now complete in connection with the forthcoming annual races. The committee haye been at considerable expense in laying down ja tan track for training purposes, and in increasing the accommodation in the grand-stand paddock. Other improvements have also been carried out with a view to promote the convenience of horseowners and the comfort of the public. The entries for the principal events have been good, and the fact that the booths have been sold for a price much in excess ot what they realised last year, goes to show that an unusually successful meeting is anticipated. The acceptances for the chief handicaps will be found in another column. The committee have arranged with the Commissioner ot Railways for special trains to and from the course on both days, the timetable being as follows : —Leave Albury 11.45 a.m., 12.15 p.m., and 1.20 p.m.; leave the racecourse 5 30 p.m., 6.15 p.m., and 6.45 p.m. MILLERS' CONTRACTS WITH FARMERS.—In the course of a civil action tried at the recent District Court, the subject of millers' contracts with farmers cropped up. The plaintiff, ,a farmer, had delivered certain quantity of wheat to the defendant, a miller, on the understanding that he was to have the right of selling the wheat at the price current at any time he chose to select within a given perioj. This is a usual custom of the trade,' and*represents, in fact, the terms upon which probablv half the wheat in the district changes hands. In the case in point, however, the miller was nominally bound in a certain contingency to return the wheat to the farmer, although as a matter of fact the return of;the identical grain would have been impossible as the wheat had been made into flour. Judge Forbes Baid the law could not he affected by any trade usages of this kind. Under an agreement of the nature described, the miller would be bound to return, if demanded, the same grain actually that was delivered. A SUPPOSED GHOST AT COPABELLA.—A correspondent of the Courier from Copabella writes:—" Allow me to trespass on your valuable 8pace to give an account of a curious sight that has been seen in this locality. It made its first appearance on the 14th of February, when it came to a house and made a dreadful noise in the dead hour of the night when everything was quiet, and frightened all the occupants It was not heard of again until the night of the 21st of February, when the Bame dreadful noise was heard, and the inmates of the house got up, when they saw walking around the room an object which they took to be the devil. Finding that talking to it was of no use, they tried what a little ammunition would do, and after firing three shots it disappeared and has not yet been seen since. The figure was between 6ft. and 7ft in height, with a head the shape of a pig, and when broadside on, it appeared to be nearly 3ft. across the chest. Our correspondent further adds that he has never aeen such a sight before, and if any person could describe the animal to him be would be extremely obliged, as he ia anxious to know what it is." T DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.—The Minister H E for Justice (Mr. William Clarke) has given a great deal of his official time of late to of ascertaining in what directions the expenditure of his department may be cut down without impairing *he efficiency of the service. Mr. Clarke has just gone Carefully intoi the records of the various courts of petty sessions throughout the country, his object being to dispense with courts and attendant officials in districts where in his opinion the business transacted does not warrant their continuance. Mr. Clarke hopes to effect an amalgamation of auch courts with others in adjacent districts. He finds, also, that the™ are too many police magistrates and clerks S petty sessions already employed. I N m a n' places—BO insignificant is the work performed —a police constable could discharge the duti« of clerk in addition to his own, thereto saving £150 to £200 per year. Mr. Clarke has already taken definite eteps to carry oat hie purpose. He has transferred the -clerk of 4 petty sessions at Albury to Camden, where his salary will be £200 instead of £340 as at Albury. The police magistrate at Temota is in future to act as his own clerk of petty sessions, the late occupant of that office beine transferred to Albury. B THE MULWALA. BRIDGE.—We (Mercwi\ are indebted to the Rev. J. D. RoberUon.for the following re the proposed bridge across the Murray. Mr. Alex. Sloane meeting Mr. Lyne [atEchuca on Monday last, induced him to go with him and interview Mr. Nirnmo in regard to the bridge, which they accordingly did and had a long conversation on the subject, when Mr. Lvne explained to Mr. Nimmo that as he was about to leave office he thought it advisable to send the temporary plans to the Victorian Government to fulfil the promise he had made to them some time before. Mr. Nimmo said it was impossible for him to ask hie Government to grant the £5000 loan on un- finished plans. Mr. Lyne then assured both Mr. Nimmo and Mr. Sloane that the detailed drawings would be ready in about three weeks' time. Mr. Sloane was perfectly aatiefied that both Mr. Lyne and Mr. Nimmo had done what was perfectly right, and were honestly in earnest about the matter, and that the bridge will be carried through. Mr. Lyne said the Government engineer for New Sputh W^les would, if he had his way, have the bridge constructed of iron, which would cost £18,000, and which he thought would lead to further difficulty and delay. Altogether Mr. Sloane was very much satisfied with his interview with Mr. Lyne and Mr. Nimmo. VALIDATION OF SELECTIONS.—The following memorial has been prepared to the Minister of Lands:—'"To the Hon. Minister for Lands, Sydney, N.S.W. The humble petition of the undersigned landholders and others prayeth,—That you will recognise the importance of introducipg as soon as possible a bill to validate re-election of forfeited selects one, within the dividing line or lines separating resumed from leasehold iareas, and situated on the same side of such line' lor lines as the leasehold :area, for the following reasons :—l. To preserve the true spirit of what land legislation should be; viz., to settle the people on the lands of the colony with the greatest advantage to the people as a whole. 2\. That selections which have been forfeited since the Land Act of 1884 became law, Although upon the same side of ,a run as the leasehold area, are areas altogether apart from such leasehold, being in excess of the land leased ; and by all clauses of the Land Act of 1884 and cornmoneenee reasoning, ;no prior right is given the lessee for the reversion of any forfeited selection -to the lease. 3. The boundary lines of a forfeited selection are .as important in defining the leasehold portion of as those dividing leasehold from resumed area. 4\. The contract -entered into with the Government between selector and lessee are separate in their .nature, and any. advantage arising from forfeiture undoubtedly belongs to the Crown, and should be dealt with accordingly. 5\. That in the present state of doubt in which re-selectors of forfeited selections are placed, through a recent decision of the Supreme Court, as to the legality of their holdings, an injustice is inflicted upon men capable and desiring to put tbeland to its fullest use ancLproductiveness; and that so long as this doubtful state exists the progress of the country is impeded. Therefore, we humbly itrust you will aee, as we do, the justice of the foregoing reasons, upon which we appeal to you, and that you will remedy before too late that doubtful point of law which may be the cause of depriving many deserving men of homes they have a right to form, and thus cause the locking up of bounteous lands likewise, a great portion of which should conduce to the prosperity of the colony." PIANOFORTE TUNING.—Mr. Linden purposes visiting Albury soon after Easter. NEW CUSTOM-HOUSE.—Tenders are invited in the Victorian Government Gazette for the erection of new Customs offices at Wahgunyah. DBNTIBTBY.—Mr. G. R. Hall will be in Albury on Tuesday, 16th inst„ and may be consulted at M'Carney's Club Hotel. Mr. 8. De Saxe arrives on the 18th, and may be consulted at the Globe. AUCTION SALES OF PRODUCE.—The Border Produce Company purpose holding regular auction sales of chaff, oats, potatoes, and other pro* dace. The first sale will take place qn Saturday, the 19th inst., at the store in Dean-street. IMPORTANT SALE OF BLOOD STOCK.—On Thursday next Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. will offer for sale a number of Mr. H. J. Bowler's highly-bred racehorses. The full pedigree of these animals will be found in our advertising columns. "VICTORIAN YEAR- BOOK."—We have to acknowledge receipt of the Victorian Year' Book for 1886-6, by Mr. Hayter, Government Statist of the neighboring colony. The work, asusual, bears evidence of an immense amount of labor, the results of which are given in a convenient form, and BO arranged and indexed that reference to any particular fact among the many thousands of valuable items the work contains, is easy. Mr. Hayter estimates the population; of Victoria at the end of 1885 at 991,869 souls, and on 30th June 1886 at 1,009,763. He adds, however, that absolute reliance cannot be placed on these numbers, the experience being that the estimates formed upon the available data are usually too high. 