JACK. (CONCLUDED.) When Jack stepped off the Destiny, at Zephaniah Salt and Co. 's wharf at Fairharbor, after that voyage,, clean, pale, good-natured, and soher, thinking that he would get shaved before he hurried home to Teen, and wishing he could pay the grover's bill upon the way, and thinking that in default of this, he would start an account at the market, and carry her a chop or a sausage, in fact think- ing about her with an absorption which re- sembled consideration, if not affection — suddenly he caught her name upon the wharves. It may have been said of accident, or of the-devil— God knew ; they, may have been too drunk to notice Jack at the first, or they may have seen and scented from afar the bad blood they stirred, like the hounds they were. It will never be told. The scandal of these places is incredibly barbarous ; but it is less than the barbarity of drinking men to a man who strikes out from among them- selves, and fights for his respectability. The words were few - they are not for me —but they were enough to do the deed. Jack wae quite sober. He understood. They assailed the honour of his home, the truth of hie wife; they hurled her past at her and at himself ; they derided the trust which he had in her in absence they sneered at the ' reformed man' whose domestic, prospects were — as. they were ; they exulted over him with the exultation in the sight of the havoc wrought, which is the most inexplicable im- pulse of evil. Everybody knew how hot-blooded Jack was ; and when the fury rashed red over his face painted grey by abstinence, there was a smart scattering upon the wharves. His hand clapped to his pockets ; but his was an [??], cheap, maty pistol (he had swapped a Bible and his trawls for it once, upon a spree, and got cheated) ; it held but one cartridge, and his wrist shook. The shot went sputtering into the water, and no harm came of it. Jack jammed the pistol back into his pocket ; he glared about him madly, but had his glare for his pains; the men were afraid of him ; he was alone upon the wharf. It can hardly he said that he hesitated. Would that it could. Raving to himself— head down, hands clenched, feet stumbling like a blind roan's— the fisherman sank into the first open door he staggered by, as a seiner pierced bv an invisible swordfish- sinks into the sea. He had fifteen such places to pass before he reached his house. His chances were— as they were — at best. He drank for half an hour — an hour — a half more— came out, and went straight home. It was now night of a February day. It had not been a very cold day ; a light, clean snow had fallen, which was thawing gently. Jack, looking dimly on through his crazy, saw the light of his half of the grey cottage shining ahead ; he perceived that the frost was melted from the windows, The warm colour came quietly down to meet his across the fresh snow ; it had to him in his delirium one look of a woman's 'eyes when they are true, and lean out of her love to greet a man. He did not put this to himself in these words, but only said : ' Them lamps look like she used to — curee her !'- and he went hurtling on. He dashed up against the house, as a bow- sprit dashes on the rocks, took one mad look through the unfrosted window, below the half-drawn curtain and flung himself against the door, and in. His wife sat there in the great rocking- chair, leaning back she had a pillow behind her and her feet on the salt-fish box which he had covered, over to make a cricket for her, when they were first married. She looked pale and pretty, — very pretty. She was talking to a visitor who sat upon the lounge beside her. It was a man. Now, Jack knew this man well; it was an old mess-mate ; he had sworn off, a year ago, and they had gone different ways ; he used to be a rough fellow ; but people said now you wouldn't know him. 'I ain't so drunk but I see who you be, Jim,' began the husband darkly ; ' I'll settle with you another day. I've got that to say to my wife I'd say better if we missed your company. Leave us by ourselves !' ' Look here, Jack,' Jim flashed good hu- mouredly, ' you're drunk, you know. She'll tell you what I come for. You ask her. Seein' she wasn't right smart— and there's them as says she lacked for victuals— my wife send me over here with a bowl of cran- berry eass. so help me Heaven." ' I'll kill you some other evenin'. Leave us be !' cried Jack. 'We was settin' and talkin' about the Reform Club when you come in,' objected Jim, with the patience of an old friend. ' We was wonderin' if we couldn't get you to sign, Jack. Ask her if we wasn't.' Come, -"now ! I wouldn't make a fool of myself if I was you. Jack. Sea there.'- You've set her to cryin' already. And she ain't right smart.' 'Clear out of my house !' thundered Jack. 'Leave us be by ourselves !' ' I don't knows I'd ought to.' hesitated Jim. ' Leave us be ! or I won't leave you be a \-- minute longer ! Ain't it my house ? Get out of it !' 'It is,' that's a fact,' admitted the visitor, looking perplexed ; but I declare to Jupiter I don't know's I'd oughter leave it the way things look. Have your senses, Jack, my boy ! Have your senses ! She ain't right smart. But with this Jack sprang upon him, and the wife cried out between them, for the love of mercy, that murder would be done. 'Leave us be !' she ' pleaded, sobbing. 'Nothin' else won't pacify him. Go, Jim, go, and shut the door, and thank her, for the cranberry sarse was very kind of her, and for my husband's sake don't tell nobody he wasn't kind to me. There. That's right. There.' She sank back into the rocking-chair, for she was feeble still ; and looked gently up into her husband's face. All the tones of her agitated voice had changed. She spoke very low, and calmly; as if she gathered her breath for the first stage of a struggle whose nature she solemnly under- stood. She had grown exceedingly pale. 'Jack, dear ?' softly. 'I'll give ye time,' he answered with an ominous quiet. ' Tell yer story first. Out with it !' ' I haven't got nothin' to tell, Jack. He brought the cranberry sarse, for his wife took care of me, ans she was very kind. And he set a little and we was talkin' about the Club, just as he says we was. It's Mother Mary's club, Jack. She made Jim secre- tary, and she wanted you to join, for I told her you;d reformed. Oh Jack, I told her you'd reformed ! - Jack, Jack ! Oh, Jack ! What are you going to do to me. What makes you look like that ? - Jack, Jack, Jack? 'Stand up here,' he raved. He was past reason, and she saw it; he tore off his coat and pushed up his sleeves from his tatooed arms. 'You've played me false, I say ; I trusted ye, and you've tricked me. I'll teach ye to be the talk upon the wharves another time when I get in from Georges.' She stood as he bade her, tottered and sank back;, crawled up again, holding by the wooden arm of the rocking-chair, and stretched one hand out to him, feebly. She did not dare to touch him ; if she had clung to him, he would have throttled her. When she saw him rolling up his sleeves her heart stood still But Teen thought : 'I will not show him I'm afraid of him. It's the only chance I've got.' The poor girl looked up once into his face and thought she smiled. 'Jack ? Dear Jack ?' 'I'll tach ye. I'll teach ye !' ' Oh, wait a moment, Jack. For the love of Heaven — stop a minute. I've been that I said I'd be to you, since we was married. I've been an honest wife to you, my boy, and there's none on earth nor heaven as can look me in the eye and darest to say I haven't. I swore to ye upon the Rock of Ages, Mother Mary witnessing— why, Jack ?' her voice sank to infinite sweetness, 'have ye forgotten? You ain't; yourself, poor boy. You'll be so scary. I ain't very strong yet— you'd feel bad if you should hit me — again. I'd hate to have you feel so bad. Jack dear, don't. Go look in the other room before you strike again. Ye hain't seen it yet. Jack, for the love of mercy— Jack, Jack.' ' Say. you've played me false, and I'll stop. Own up, and I'll quit. Own up to me, I say.' 'I can't own up to you, for I swore you by the Rock of Ages ; I swore ye I would be an honest wife., You may pummel me to death but I'II not lie away them words I swore to ye . . . . by that, . . . Jack for the love of Heaven, don't ye, Jack. For the way you used to feel to me, dear, dear Jack. For the sake of the habits we had, . . . . . and you walked beside of me, to bury em. Oh for Gods sake . . . . . Jack ! . . . . Oh, you said you'd be kind to me . . . . Oh. ye'll be so sorry ! For the love of pity ! For the love of God ! Not the pistol ! Oh, for the Rock of --' But there he struck her down. The butt end of the weapon, was heavy enough to do the deed. He struck, and then flung it away. Upon his bared arm, as it came crashing, the crucifix was spattered red. He stood up stupidly and looked about the room. The covers were off the kitchen stove, and the heart of the coals blazed out. Her yellow hair had loosened as she fell, and shone upon the floor. He remembered that she spoke about the other room, and said of something yonder, that he hadn't seen it yet. Confusedly he wondered what it was. He stumbled in and stared about the bedroom. It was not very light there, and it was some moments before he perceived the cradle, standing straight across his way. The child waked as he hit the cradle, and began to cry, stretching out. its hands He bad forgotten all about the baby. There had been so many. 'You'd better get up, Teen,' he said as he went out ; ' it's cryin' after you.' He shut the door and staggered down the steps. He hesitated once, and thought he would go back and say to her ; ' What's the use of layin' there ?' But he thought better, or worse, of it and went his way. . He went out and reshipped at once, lingering only long enough to drink madly on the way, at a place he knew where he was sure to be let alone. The men were afraid of Jack, when he was so far gone under as this. "Nobody spoke to him. He went down to Salt Brothers' wharf, opposite Salt and Co.'s, and found the Daredevil, just about to weigh. She was short by one hand, and took him as he was. He was surprised to find himself aboard when the next sun went down ; he had turned in his bunk and was overheard to call for Teen, ordering her to do some service for him, testily enough. ' Oh,' he muttered, ' she ain't here, is she ? Be blasted if I ain't on the Daredevil.' He was good for nothing, for a matter of days, and silent or sullen for the trip. It had been a very heavy spree. He fell to, when he came to himself, and fished desperately ; his luck turned, and he made money ; he made seventy-five dollars. They were gone three weeks. They had a bitter voyage, for it was March. They struck a gale at Georges', and another coming home. It snowed a great deal, and the rigging froze. The crew were uncommonly cold. They kept the steward cooking briskly, and four or five hot meals a day were not enough to keep one's courage up. They were particular about their cooking, as fishermen are, and the steward of the Dare- devil was famous in his calling. But it was conceded to be unusually cold, even for March, at St. Georges'. One m,must keep the blood racing, somehow, for life's sake. Whiskey flowed fast between meals. Jack was observed not to limit himself. ' It was for luck,' he said. Take it through, it was a hard trip The sober men — there were some —looked grim ; and pinched ; the drinkers ugly. It's a hound's life,' said a dory-mate of Jack's one day. His name was Rowe — Rowe Salt ; he was a half-brother of Jim's. But Jim was at home. And Teen, of course, was at home. . Jack had not spoken of her ; he had thought of her — he had thought of nothing else. God knows what those thoughts had been. When Rowe spoke to him in this fashion, Jack looked hard at him, ' I've been thinkin; of is disobligate a feller.' he said. Hey ?' asked Rowe. ' If you was treated like folks ; but you ain't. You're froze. You're soaked. You're wrecked. Your nets is stole. You're drove off in the fog. You're drowned, and you lose your trawls. If you swear off, you miss your luck. It's dirty, abroad. Folks don't like the looks of you. There;s alwers a hanker in the pit o' your stomick. When you get upon a fear you don't know what you — do to— folks.' Jack stopped himself abruptly, and leaned upon his oar ; they were trawling, and the weather grew thick. 'Rowe,' he said, staring off into the fog, did ye ever think we was like fishes, us Fairharbor folks ?' ' I don;t know's I hev,' said the dory-mate. staring too. ' Well, we be, I think. We live in it, and we're drowned in it, and we can't get out on't, —we can't get ont. We look like. 'em too. I've thought about that. Some of us look like haddock. You've got the halibut look your- self. Skipper, he's got the jib of a monk-fish, —you ken see it for yourself. There's a man I messed with, once, reminded me of a scul- pin. I guess I'd pass for a lobster, myself— for colour, anyhow. We take it out someways, each on us. Don't ye know the look the women folks have when they get old and have gone hungry ? You can tell by the build of a boy which way he'll turn out — halibut way, or hake, or mebbe mackerel if he's sleek and little. It's a kind of a birth-mark, I shouldn't wonder. . There's no gettin' out on't, no more'n it out of you. Sometimes I used to think ------ "Good Lord !' cried Jack. He laid down his oar again, and the dory wheeled to star- board sharply. ' Rowe Salt, you look there ! you tell me if you see a woman yonder on the water !' 'You've got the jim-jams, Jack. Women folks don't walk at George;s I can't see nothin' nowhere, but it's thick as ----' ' It's thick as hell,' interrupted Jack, 'and there's a woman walkin' on the water. Lord ! don't you see her ? Lord ! her hair is yeller hair, : an' it's streamin' over her— don't you see her? She's walkin' on this devilish fog t wards the dery. Teen ! Teen ! Teen ! There ! Lord save me, Rowe, if I didn't see my wife come walkin' towards me, us settin' in this dery— Hi-i-igh ! I'll swear off when I get home. I'll tell her so. I hate to see such things. 'You see, Rowe,' Jack added presently— for he had not spoken after that, but had fallen grimly to work. It was ten below, and the wind was taking the backward spring for a bitter blow; both men, tugging at their trawls through the high and icy sea, were suffering too much to talk— ' ye see we had some words before I come on board, and she wasn't right smart. The baby can't be very old. I don't know how old it is. I was uncommon drank ; I don't remember what I did to her; I m afraid I hit her— for I had some words with her. I wished I was at home. She won't tell nobody. She never does. But I'm set to be at home and tell her I've sworn off. I've got money for her this trip, too ; I m afraid she's in a hurry for it.' After this outburst of confidence Jack seemed to cling to his dory-mate ; he followed him about deck, and looked wistfully at him. Jack had begun to take on the haggard look of the abstainer once again. The crew thought he did not seem like himself. He had stopped drinking, abruptly, after that day in the fog, and suffered heavily from the weather and from exposure. I say, Rowe,' he asked one day, 'if any- thing was to happen, would you jest step in and tell my wife I didn't believe that yarn about her? She'll know.' ' Now it befel, that when they were rounding Eastern Point, and not till then, they bespoke the Destiny, which was outward bound, and signalled them. She drew to speaking dis- tance, and her skipper had a word with the master of the Daredevil, but be spoke none too loud, and made his errand quickly, and veered to his own course, and the two boats parted company, and the Daredevil came hustling in. They were almost home. It was remembered afterwards that Jack was badly frostbitten upon that voyage ; he looked badly; he had strange ways ; the men did not know exactly how to take him. He was over- heard to say: 'I ain't a-goin' to go to Georges' again.' Rowe Salt overheard this, after the skipper of the Destiny had signalled and tacked Jack was sitting aft alone, when he said it, looking seaward; He had paid little or no attention to the incident of the Destiny, but sat staring plunged in some mood of his own which seemed as solitary, as removed from his kind and from their comprehension, as the moods of mental disorder are from the sane. So then with such dexterity as the ignorant man could muster, Salt got his friend below, on some pretext, and stood looking at him helplessly. 'You don't look well, Rowe,' Jack sug- gested, pleasantly. Jack,' said his dory-mate, turning white enough, I'll make no bones of it, nor mince nothin', for somebody's got to tell ye, and they said it must be me. There's a warrant after ye. The sheriff's on the tug betwixt us and the wharf. She's layin' off the island, him aboard of her. " ' I never was in prison;' faltered Jack, 'The boys have always bailed me.' '[??] a bailin' matter, Jack, this time.' 'What did you say ?' ' I said it wasn't a bailin' business. Some- body's got to tell you.' Jack gazed confidingly up into his friend's face. ' What was it that I done, old boy. Can't ye tell me ?' ' Let the sheriff tell you. Ask the sheriff. 'I'd rather it was the sheriff told you, Jack.' Tell me what it is I done. Rowe Salt ? I'd tell you.' He looked puzzled. ' THe sheriff knows more about it nor I do.' begged the fisherman ; ' don't make an old messmate tell you.' ' All right,' said Jack, turning away. He had now grown very quiet. He pleaded no more, only to utter once. ' I'd rather hear it from a messmate.' Rowe Salt took a step or two, turned, stopped, stirred, and turned again. ' You killed somebody, then, if you will know ' ' Killed somebody ?' 'Yes.' I was drunk and killed somebody ?' ' Lord help you, yes.' 'I hone,' hoarsely — Look here, Salt, I hope Teen won't know.' ' I say, Rowe, ''after a long pause, ' who was it that I killed ?' ' Ask the sheriff.' ' Who was it that I killed ? ' The skipper'll tell you, mebby. I won't. No, I vow I won't. Let me go. I've done, my share of this. Let me up on deck ! I want the air !' ' I won't let you up on deck- — so help me — till you tell !' ' Let me off. Jack, let me off !' Tell me who it was, I say ! ' Lord in Heaven; the poor devil don't know — he really don't.' ' I thought you would ha' told me, Rowe,' said Jack with a smile — his old winning smile, that had captivated his messmates all his life. ' I will tell yon !' cried Rowe Salt with an oath of agony. " You killed your wife. You murdered her. She's dead. Teen ain't to home. She's dead.' They made way for him at his side and at that, for he sprang up the gangway, and dashed among them. When he saw them all together, and how they looked at him, he stopped. A change seemed to strike his purpose, be it what it might. ' Boys,' said Jack, looking all about, 'ye won't have to go no bill for me. I'll bide my account, this time.' He parted from them for they let him do the thing he would, and got himself alone into the bows, and there he sank down, crouching, and no one spoke to him. The Daredevil rounded Eastern Point, and down the shining harbour, all sails set, came gayly in. They were almost home. Straightway there started out upon the winter sea a strong, sweet tenor, like a cry. It was Jack's voice - everybody knew it. He stood by himself in the bows, back to them, singing like an angel or a madman — some said this ; some said the other - ' Rock of Ages, cleft for me ! Let me bide myself in thee ; . . . ' Thou must save, and thou alone . . . ' When [??] to worlds unknown, See thee on thy judgment throne,' sang Jack. With the ceasing of his voice, they divined how it was, by one instinct, and every man sprang to him. But he had leaped and gained on them. The waters of Fairharbor seemed, them- selves to leap to greet him as he went down. These that had borne him and ruined him buried him as if they loved him. He had pushed up his sleeves for the spring, hard to the shoulder, like a man who would wrestle at odds. As he sank, one bared arm thrust above the crest of the long wave, lifted itself towards the sky. It was his right arm, on which the crucifix was stamped. White and gold as the lips and heart of a lily, the day blossomed at Fairharbor one June Sunday, when these things were as a tale that is toid. It was a warm day, sweet and still. There was no wind, no fog. The harbour wore her innocent face. She has one ; who can help believing in it, to see it ? The waves stretched themselves upon the beach as if they had been hands laid out in benediction ; and the colours of the sky were like the expression of a strong and solemn countenance. So thought Mother Mary, standing by her husband's side that day, and looking off from the little creature in her arms to the faces of the fishermen gathered there about her for the service. It was an open-air service, held upon the beach, where the people she had served and loved could freely come to her — and would. They had sought the scene in large numbers. The summer people, too, strolled down, distant and different, and hung upon the edges of the group. They had a civil welcome, but no more. This was a fisherman's affair ; nobody needed them ; Mother Mary did not belong to them. ' The meetin's ours,' said Rowe Salt ' It's us she's after. The boarders ain't of no account to her.' His brother Jim was there with Rowe, and Jim's wife, and some of the respectable women neighbours. The skipper of the Daredevil was there, and so were many of Jack's old messmates. When it was under- stood that Mother Mary had adopted Jack's baby, the news had ran like rising tide, from wharf to wharf, from deck to deck — every- body knew it, by this time. Almost every- body was there, to see the baptism. The Fairharbor fishermen were alert to the honour of their guild. They turned out in force to explain matters, sensitive to show their best. They would have it understood that one may have one's faults, but one does not, therefore, murder one's wife. The scene in tbe annals and the legends of Fairharbor was memorable, and will be long. It was as strange to the seamen as a leaf thrown over from the pages of the Book of Life, inscribed in an unknown tongue, of which they only knew that it was the tongue of love. Whether it spoke as of men or of angels they would have been perplexed to say. Into her childless life, its poverty, its struggles, its sacrifices, and its blessed hope, Mother Mary's great heart took the baby as she took a man's own better nature for him that which lay so puny and so orphaned in those wild lives of theirs, an infant in her hands. Jack's baby, Jack's baby and Teen's, as if it had been anybody else's baby, was to be baptised 'like folks.' Jack's baby poor little devil, was to have his chance. The men talked it over gravely ; it affected them with a respect one would not anticipate, who did not know them. They had their Sun- day clothes on. They were all clean. Tbey had a quiet look. One fellow who had taken a little too much ventured down upon the beach, but he was; hustled away from the christening and ducked in tbe cove, and hung upon the rocks to dry. One must be sober who helped to baptise that baby. This was quite understood. They sang the hymn, Jack's hymn and Teen's ; of course they sang the Rock of Ages, and Mother Mary's husband read ' the chapter' to tbem, as he was used, and spoke with them; and it was so still among them that they could bear each wave of tbe placid, sea beat evenly as if they listened to the beat- ing of a near and mighty peaceful heart. Mother Mary spoke with them herself a little. She told them how she took the child, in despair of the past, in hope of the future; in pain and pity, and in love ; yearning over him, and his, and those who were of their inheritance, and fate, their chances, and their sorrows, and their sins. She told them of the child's pure heart within us all, which needs only to be mothered to be saved ; which needs only that we foster it, to form it; which needs that we treat it as we do other weak and helpless things, whether in our- selves or in another. What was noble in them all, she said, was to them like this little thing to her. It was a trust. She gave it to them, so she said, as she took the baby, here before their witnessing, to spare him from their miseries, if she might. They were touched by this; or they seemed to be ; for they listened from their souls. ' We'd oughter take off our hate,' somebody whispered. So they stood uncovered before the minister, and Mother Mary ; and Jack's poor baby. The sacred drops flashed in the white air. Dreamily the fishermen heard the sacred words : ' In the name of the Father ; And of the Son ; And of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' But, no one heard the other words, said by Mother Mary close and low, when she re- ceived the child into her arms again, and bowed her face above it : ' My son, I take thee for the sake and for the love of thy father, and of thy mother. Be thou their holy ghost.' But the fishermen, need not to understand her, but only to her understanding them, perceiving that she was at praper, they knew not why, asking of Heaven they knew not what, the fishermen said: Amen. Amen.— 'All the Year Round.' 