A WITTY SENTINEL. A "lieutenant recently . met with a sad rebuff. _ ; The lieutenant was promenading in full uniform one day, and approached a sentry who challenged him with "Halt! who comes there VI The lieutenant, with contempt in every lineament of his faGe, expressed his feel ings with an indignan, "Ass ! " " The sentry's reply, apt and quick came : " Advance, Ass, and give the counter-, sign!" Pennsylvania has an editor ninety-one years old. He attributes his long life and excellent health to the fact that he never expected to please everybody and never tried. _ \- , In a provinciul theatre, where. "Mac beth " was being i layed by a clever actor, who was also a very great favourite with his audience, in the banquet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Ban- quo, "Hence, hence, hence ?" when Lo dropped on his knee, covered his face with, his robe and shuddered convulsively. J ust as the applause was over, a youth in the gallery, carried away with the inten- sity of the acting, cried out, " it's all right now, Smith ; He's gone ! " Fogg has said the meanest thing any ! man ever was capable of saying. When ; Mrs. F. left him alone in the house the other evening, she remarked, " You won't be lonely, dear?" " No," he replied, "I shan't miss you at all. The parrot, you know, is here." " Yon say that women have no brains," said Mrs. Bagley, severely, " yet you ex- - pect me to save enough out of 10 dollars , a week to get a silk dress every three : months.. Doesn't that require brains? You can't save enough from your cigar bill to buy a necktie." A reporter writing up a woman's rights meting, says there was "very little bustle" during the meeting. This, no doubt, ' i3 true. The women who participate in such meetings don't wear the big kind. They don't encourage such frivolities of fashion, they waut the ballot, not bustles. " Yes, you may come again next Sun day evening, dear, but——? and she hesitated. " What is it darling? Have I given you pain?" he asked, as she re mained silent. " You didn't mean to, I'm sure, she responded, "but next time please don't wear one of those collars - with the points outwards — they scratch ? so." . Whatever portion of time' you take, Sun day is always the rest of the week. A French dainatist makes one' of his characters in a recent play declare that he v is "holding up the trowsers of despair with tho brace of hope. " ' - ' . I! ' that the whistling man -is 'one who .! ..role thinking. But he makes others . think, And oh! what fearful thoughts the; think. v - : d u.- , LONDON, KNGLAND- 