THE YOUNG. FOLKS. O E ..OEDAY OF MY. LIFE. To-duy is| my birthday, and kind friends shower gifts and congratulations on me. I smile and. lMush with the gayest; yet my heart is full of bitter sorrow and remorse and -navalil,g regrets. Although to a superficial observer my lot has seemed a bright and fortunate ens, there is one day of my life, of which this very day is the anniversary, which has cast a dark ehacow over all my future, ' ant ty goul from out that shadow stall be lifted, ever. more.' It was my fourteenth birthday, a bright and lovely day in early autumn, and in honiour of the occasion my two favourite friends, Julian and Emsily, were invited to spend the whole day with me. Oh, how happy we were I We had tea in. the garden-a esmptrous repast, to which we did ample justice. Then we rambles about the spacious enclosure, picking fruit and flowers to our hearts' content. I remember Julia arid Emily made a lovely wreath and crowned me with it, declaring I wae to be their queen. ' Dou't he picking all my fruit and Ilwere, young ladies,' said old John the gardener; but we only laughed at him. Afterwairds, as the evening grew chilly, we entered the house, and sitting round the fire, amused oureelves first by talking about friends, and then telling stories. Oone led on to another, and at last we essayed to frighten each other by relating the most gruesume ghost stories we could think of. After a time Julia said soddenly, ' How thoughtfully you look, Katie; I think I frightened you with that last story of mine.' ' Nonsense,' esili I; ' but I have thought of something amusing. Will you and Emily leave the room for five minutes while I hide myself?' An elfish-or rather, I should say, a diabollc.l-idea had entered my beau. for I mow .rmly bellove it was an inspiratiorn of the evil one. When the two girls had left me, I ex. tinguished all the lights, and, drawing up the blinds, let a flood of mtoonlilght into the room. It was a spacious apartment, full of nooks and corners, whioh threw dark shadows over a great portion of it. A door opened on the garden, and a large elm tree growing near the honse waved its weird-like branches against .the window.pane. The room looked uncanny; the shadows assumed grotesque.shapes, and the moon. light which streamed in at the window, com. btned with the light from the fire, made these seem more grotesque. My heart almost failed me, but I was resolved to carry out my Idea-it would be such fun, I thought, Selecting a dark corner, where only a few rays of flickering moonlight fell, I laid myself down full length on the floor, and rigidly stretching out my limbs and folding my hands, aceumed the appearance of death. I remember I caught a glimmering reflec. tlun of myself in themirror opposite, and was half.etartled and inclined to relinquish my purpose when I saw it, Ah I if I had only listened to my good angel; but the hand of rate was on me, and I was destined to carry out to the bitter end her fell behest. To add an additional horror to my appear ancee, I took two pennies out of my pocket and placed one over each ese. The five minutes soon -prssed, and then I heard Julia and Emily enter the room. 'How stranre,' they both exclaimed; 'she has put out the lights.' ' Ifeel rather frightened,' said Emily, who was the most timid; 'the room looks so gloomy.' 'Oh, nonsense,' replied Julia. ' It was very clever of her to put out the light, it will be more fun to find her. You go and look under the sofas and chairs, while I look into ali the corners.' I heard them poking about here and there, and was afraid they would stumble over my feet in the dark. At last Julia exclaimed, 'Oh, look, Emily,. there she is; but how strange she looks.' Both girls now stood over me, and 1 knew somehow they were staring at me though my eyes were shut. ' Katie I Katie I' they cried, ' get up. We have found you the game is over; don't try to frighten uas Julia seized my arm to drag me up, but I (determined to carry out my game to the itter end) let it fall limply out of her grasp. ' Oh, Julia,' said poor Emily, in a faint, heart-sick voice, 'I am afraid she is dead. And look at her eyes, how dreadful they look.' I could keep my countenance no longer, so springing up with a wild burst of laugt4ter, I caught the terrified girl round the waist, and waltzed round the room with her. Suddenly I felt her form grow heavy and rigid in my grasp, and with a piercing scream of agony, which will echo in me brain to my dying day, the unfortunate girl slid from mi arm and sunk to the floor dead.-E J. T. ltoosE. 