rae Mm\\\nhi% Cjjranirlf. THE FARMERS' ADVOCATE. sATüBDAr.mmitBEßa.im-, PABKESANIA. WHAT THB PJU?BEB ARE SATISO ABOTT PfiEiaeE PASEES. -S. : (Continued.) .-j IT may be thought that we bara some personal tura to serve, or some personal injury to reseat that ire seem so enamoured of this subject. By no means. Sir Henry Parkes never, that we are aware of, did us an ill tura ; hut as Sir Henry is Premier of the colony, and a lot has been said about him by dfforent people, and the ou o side only been heard np this way, vre are de. sirona that people here should hear both sides- eeeiug that at last General Election, all three candidates were Parkes men, and, therefore, the gentleman who noir occupies the position of our representative in the Assembly must .hare been sent in on that tioket, no matter who sent him in. To show, however, that we are actuated by the fairest of motives in publishing the opinions of our coutouiporarios, we bogin this week's selections with the following: ' BIB,-In these days when notoriety, eren of thc most questionable kind, is so eagerly soujht .iftor, and whan no act is thought loo unmanly and un worthy which will seoure tht end in view, it is not surprising that some few mau of the McElhoue typo -it such contemptible and unscrupulous creatures deserve Die title-endeavour to make capital out of the unfortunate position in which Sir Henry finds himself. In th« opinions of his detractors, presumably, tho end justifies the means, and ia their cou tuet towards a man as far abor« them intellectually as the Alps are above Laka Como, we have an illustration of tlie fable in which the ass?« kick the dead lion. Tet Parkes is not defunot, and it is hoped that he will long live to bc a thorn in the sides of lu's mean and cowardly traduoers the McElhones, Melvilles, Dibbses, and thc most of other political pigmies whose aim it is to degrade him. The press of thc colony is with Sir Henry that ÍB, if the rabid section of it be excluded-that section which must needs oppose the popular voice in order to live, or rather in order to eke out an existence at all. 1 have read the several clippings ander the heading of " Pnrkesaaia," in yuur last issac, and think that the case against Sir Henry Parkes is not at all strengthened by their insertion. The Sunday Times is not to be regarded as an author ity on anything which affects Sir Henry Or Free trade ¡ for being an offshoot of the now defunct Globe, whioh made a feeble eflort to plant the banner of Protection throughout the laud, and dismally failed, Parkes aud his policy have always stood io the same relation to the Times as a red rag docs to a bull. Bat one assertion made by the paper in question needs answering, and it is this that the Direotors of the Mutual Life Assurance Society were not prepared, as Sir Henry Parkes stated, to confirm the leases he liad granted to the man M'Namara and others. Kow, tliis assertion has been proved utterly false, as the Society in question'io« expressed its willingness to conti rm thc leases, and has done this through the medium of the respectable portion of thc Metropolitan Press. The seooud excerpt ie taken from one of the most conservative rags in the colony-the Central Australian- the editor of which would slangtvaanj his mother-in-law in default of having better game to let fly at. The opinion of such a one-horse pro duction is scarcely worth consideration i aud that of the Record, the organ of thc Roman Catholic party in the Bathurst districts, may be similarly treated, for the Roman Catholic party is diametri cally opposed to Parkes on all points. Were he (Parkes) to turn Protectionist, they would almost to a man espouse the cause of Free-trado in order the better to be able to oppose the aged statesman. Thc Record quotes thc opinion of thc Imperialistic) Dalley of Soudan-Donkey renown, whose mission it was to perpetrate, durioghis very brief tenure of office, more unconstitutional acts than Sir Henry Parkes in biB whole lifetime has been guilty of. Then that journalistic '? rat," tim Evening A'ews, is quoted-the Evening "Yews, which to-day poses as a Free-trade organ and to-morrow as a Protection ist, and which even at this very hour is awaiting the opportunity to turn dog on Parkes and ou Free-trade. Of what value is the opinion vouch safed by so unreliable a production 1 NW, as to the Lithgow Mercury, it is a well-known fact that the Boy Politician who presides over that branch of the Archimedean iever which moves thc Lithgow world (sometimes, no doubt, to tears and bitter anguish) is one of those Victorian exiles, who, like thc bold patriots of olden time, " left their country for their country's good," and he came to Kew South Wales to preach thc doctrine of Proteotion, simply beoinso Victoria was played out, and offered no scope for thc development of his budding genius. We have tao many of these refugees in this colony-these men who, imbued with the heroic spirit of self-sacrifice, leave a "wonderfully prosperous protectionist" colony simply to enlighten the darkness of Free-trade New South Wales-tnuoh io the way that Mrs. Jelleby undertook to promote the mission lo the natives of Boorioboola-Gha, on tko ¡eft bank of the Nile, even whilst ber own household was in great need of attention, and whilst the children in general, and poor Peepey in particular, were in a bad way as regards cleanliness and clothing. Oat upon theBe miserable '. moralists," who 6ee a spat anon the san whose brightness blinds thein, and who attempt by all sorts af rumours and mis statements and the like to magnify it. How ia it, if Sir Henry Parkes has been ? the knave he is represented to have been, that something more than mere assertions bare not been made 1 The proof is wanting, and until the man is convicted upon substantial evidence, he must bc regaraed as innocent. lu writing this letter, I do not mean to impute, Sir, that auy dishonest or unfair motives actuated you in publishing thc extracta referred to. 1 merely intended to give my opinion regarding the several authorities, aud thanking you for allowing me the space, I am, etc., J. CHAS. FITZPATHICK. Our readers-we 'trust of all shades of opinion-will read this remarkable letter most attentively. We give its insertion for "Auld Lang Syne," but though Mr. Fitzpatrick were our twin brother, or long lost son, we couid not allow it to pass with out comment. Mr. Fitzpatrick may be quite.sincere in all he writes-though many of our townsmen will life their eyebrows and elevate their shoulders a la Francaise when they read-and think. No doubt Mr. Fitzpatrick has a wide acquaintance with the colonial press-we believe bo las- and he may be quite correct in many of his assumptions. He mny know the motives which actuate each editor in writing down Sir Henry Parkes, and if his opinion of the Record, its readers, and the Catholic Protectiouists generally, be correct, we are only too happy to make that opinion known in Windsor-though why, by the bye, Mr. Fitzpatrick does not matu it known in his own paper-that is to say, tho piper with which he is connected, «nd cf n-liich ho is a most valuable and able contributor-is strange, passing strange. Thu paper in question is decidedly ptotecüonisí, and we are frpetrade-and this, probably, is thi reason Mr. Fitzpatrick comes to us. Auy how, our corre?pon lout is quite welcome to any opinion he may hare ol' any paper in tho colony- protectionist ot- otherwise-as also, tits opíuí.in that **tba press-^f we" colony Ss with Sir Hoary Parkes" -thew th vre indine to the opposite belief. j . | No doubt, most of the papers from whih ; we haye token excerpts ore prornotiohiit j j but what inf that? Does Ht. Fitz'ài&£] meajjio say that the editors of protectipÄJst who ara onj and ¡out fre&triUew;^fiy? times ahead :ot ?U:^¡^,lWkeí^#jr.lfc. j Pulsfsrd, for thai mattBr-bèliere ^o^raB; I of the sort, tu from our ownicnowledgeand experience, we know some of the jso-ostled tipßtn&anp; to be anything to aultíhe tíraos-but in the matter of stnoere/ honest ; ooo viciions, nothing in particular. With regard to the Sunday Times,/and Mr. Fitzpatrick's disclaimer, when he wrotè ho bad »ot read our last week's extracts, or he would have found that the Tunes un doubtedly proves its case. Anyhow, Mr Fitzpatrick is shrewd enough, and is suffi ciently well acquainted with the libel law of New South Wales to know that such straightforward statements as have.been made in the paper he so much condemns, would not be allowed to go unanswered -or unpunished-if Sir Henry Parkes and his influeutial backers were able to refute a single Hoe. To charge tho Roman Catholics of the colony with such gross inconsistency as Mr. Fitzpatrick doss, is too bad ;- how about the other side-the Orangemen- i would not they turn round if Sir Henry became the champion of Protection ? Far moro likely than the other, seeing that Protection is a part and parcel of an j Irishman's political creed-be he Protestant ! or Catholic. i As for the general attack upon those jiapers which oppose the Premier, it is decidedly unfounded-because, "in order to live" the right ticket now-a-days is «of to oppose the " popular voice," but to run with it-at least, that is our experience. Therefore, there is more reason to believe that those who are honest and courageous enough to oppose a popular idol, do so from som« better motive than to " eke out an existence." At the risk of being thought es "unclean" as a McElhone or a Melville, we deny that Sir Henry Parkos has the press of the colony,' or the " voioo of the people," with him-and surely the long list of subscrib ers to the fund, published in Saturday's daily papers, should convince his most rabid admirers- or worshippers-of that. Twenty-five thousand pounds woro to have been raised in a week, but, pitiful to relate, a month has elapsed, and there are not yet, at the time of our writing, £5000 ia hand. But fancy ! tho bat being taken rouud among the unemployed at the National Park and Narrabeen, aud the amounts raised, £25 9s und £34 14s 6d respectively, from the shillings of those poor men who' aro supposed to bo merely earning tucker ! It is the last straw that breaks thsv camel's back, and this cadging from the un employed and from State school children should be sufficient to damn at once and for ever the " National Tribute" fakoment -which we sincerely hope the centenary fad will wipe out effectually. We regret having had to hold over Mr. fitzpatrick's screed for a week -but, better late than never. We have had our little say, and we'll now proceed to dig out a few, more excerpts from other sources- watch ? Mr. F. may deem equally unreliable. For instance, the Nepean Times says : That Sir Henry Parkes is a great states man most everyone will admit; that be is also the master superior of all political shufflers no one will deny. He is posing before the world now as injured iunocence -tho poor man without friends. His poverty is a disgrace to him. A man who ts in receipt of £2000 a^year and don't pay his way is worse than most men. The Metropolitan press is very anxious to let Australians know that he is not the ouly I great man who, after serving their country, find themselves in pecuniary difficulties. In answer to such statements one might say : that bad examples are easily found and es pecially amongst great mea. And the Cumberland Mercury, never sensational and always respectable, bas : 1 this . He (Sir Henry Parkes) is at present in the ascendant. He is facile princeps in working a theatrical stroke; he knows when . tn bold a seat and when to resign ; he was 1 fully aware that to anticipate Mr. Di libs' motion was a safe, yet apparently bold and fearless move ; and lie is as keenly in touch with those who, blindly or otherwise, believe in bim ss a doctor with bis patient's pulse. * *. * » At present Sir Henry Parkes is inevitable, and perhaps he is likely to command a «orkabie majority fur some time to come. In the circumstances, it is better that he should be raised above the necessities which have compelled the assignment of his estate, th.in that he Bhonld be altogether dependent on bis income as a Minister, or on the precarious livelihood to be (taine 1 from sp-.culations and friendly loans. He may i:ise office in a few mnilhs, and, ,if:er an interregnum of n year or s<i, return to power on a popular wave. If he be compelled to incur fresh liabilities; if, in order to live and maintain bis position, he became in volved in neiv dpb s, the farce or comedy or tragedy of the last lew weeks may be enacted again. Therûlore, on the gr.iujids of ex pediency, we do not oppose, but are rather inclined to support, the subscription lis', opened to ensure Sir Henry Parkes a fair competence for the remainder ol his life. * * * * Il is to be boped, however, that he will leave spéculation severely alone for the future. We are told that bis forte is statecraft; that bis vision is too wide to grasp the petty detail-, of the butchers' and hakets' bills, and the s irdid recognition of promissory mites overdue. Peril ip s so, and, therelnre, when lbs former are provided for in thc future by a grateful nation, there should bea proviso th it the responsibilities oí the lattt-r will not apain be incuried. Let Sir Henry adh.-re to statecraft, as the ci'bbiet is advised in the classics to stick to bis last. He has f died as an ivory tur.ier, as a newspaper proprietor, as a poet, as a land specul.it.ir, a-.jd he has succeeded only ai a politician. Surely he is old enough now lo abanJon pursuits for iv hieb be is un titled. * # ? * tats and th's disgrace the colon'/ has sustained in patt years from the fictions rtealrg ff these two men, «ny piesent «liíficuliy they mav cause If the national tribute was not rai iel from the individual nflkriiis« of tlíe peiple, there is little doubt th »t it would; in vthe-end,.% drawn Ironice collective pirrie pf }heStale '^eä/S^>H«äri-retki^i.-. Acwrdintrlf. ja ; subscribe it now will .^mly«ia«i^wit!i2.->n> «ct which Would hive to-beperformed Sooner \ or latch fi, .'^ 'r-'C -ii /. : TM» is pssureàly tempsratè enough, 4"he Merèury is ttltainly 'well on ipr protection but" with the present editor nt the head of affair*, we dóii't think the paper can be accusd of bing unreliable. '' ( 4t a "Nili<mal Tribute '* meeting, he'd over at Penrith, the other "day, Printer L?es, M.P., «lid this: "When Cobden became impoverished, £~0,O00 were collec ted for him, and a tew years af'er £40,000 were collected." Heir »hat "Hiv" Cuul field says un that nutter-île draws a cotttpariä iit, thus t - PARKE* AND COBDEN*.-P iss mund the hat for the Premier by all means ! Fill it full up with 8'vereigns, or nuggets, or fifty-pound bank bank notes. Let every man give what he will, and give, if he j lenses, all that he hath. Dut let no one (»ive in the idea that the positions of Henry Parkra and Richard Cobden are in any way whatever tn be compared with e.ick other. Richard Cobden was a highly-successful man of business on the highroad to fortune when, at the urgent request nf the great manu facturing community who were thiilled by hUeloquence and conquero.) by his logic, lie gave up his commercial pursuits to fight their hattie. He exacted no promise ol payment; he simply relied tin their assurance that when the battle was won ht should he recompensed for his hiss, and shoud be repliced in thc position he vacated at thc earnest and humble solicitation of thoa.- who had no other c'iainpioii. That recompense was made, and fairy made. It proved lo be insufficient, and it was supplemented by a later collection, both made tn fulfilment of a most sacred undertaking, Bnd b ith necessi tated by the fact that Richard Cobden, though frequently invited lo take office, steadfastly refused to accept any office of profit whatever!!! AND REMAINED C INSTANT IN THIS DETERMINA TrON TO TUB DAV OF Ills DEATH. * * # * How difieretit is the case of Henry Parkes. He, having failed in business and paid a merely fractional dividend, took up politics as a trade, pursued it as a trade, and stormed office.at every opportunity. Tn.it hj often refused office is true, hut why ? lioc.iuse his imperious temper and dis dcterminurion to ride roughshod over everybody impelled him tn refuse anything but absolute power, and this he achieved each time he did achieve it hy that worst Bnd basest uf all methods the deliberate, intentional, nnd premediated obtrudion nf business. Nothing should be done by anybody unless he were allowed to doit. That was his positive resolution, and that resolution was carried into action in the most unscrupulous fashion. The history of the session ot 1886 discloses n larger amount of obstruction offered to reasonably good legislation by the present Premier thnn has ever taken place befóle iu ariy legislature in the world. Everything that was fur the benefit of the people was obstructed, every thing that was foi the advancement ol busi ness was obstructed, and it was made quite cleat then, as it had boen many times before, thal Henry Parkes would ruttier see the country sink in ruin than not rule it himself. Consequently he has been Premiar for ten years out of the Inst fifteen, and has received twenty thousand pounds of public money as salary during that time. * # * * To compare this selfish, arrogant, over hearing, unscrupulous man with Richard Cobden is Bicrilege. Excepting in the fact that they were both unable to deal with the poor letter H, there is not one atom of simi larity. Richard Cobden lived universally beloved, and died universally lamented. Henry Parkes boasts, and tiuly boasts, that he is friendless. How should he he other wise who has deserted friend after friend. His final betrayal of Sir John Robertson would i sclf stamp his memory as .1 politician j with infamy, and the relationships between j himself and those of his credit irs whom he | has foisted into the Government make it im possible to believe in his sincerity in any thing but his determination to be ruler or ruiner of the State. * * # # It has been plainly shown that (luting- the last eight years ten thousand pounds pr fit on an original outlay of about £600 has been made bv the Premier out of n speculation in North Shore land?, and ten thousand pounds has been received hy him as salary during the same period. Twenty thousand pounds from two sources alone has therefore been squandered since 1879 by this ri- ckl-ss per son, who began his political career as n bankrupt traiesman, and has during its whole length affected the state, the arro gance, and thc extravagance of a prince. * # * * Pass round thc hst ! much po id may it do him. Many «ill give bdeause thev are si we¡ik:backed that they give to anything they are asked. Many more will give btcause, being creditors or interested in the Premier's liabilities, they will wisely choose to stimu late a generosity hy which they will largely profit. Others again will give on the plan of the unjust ste.vard. " I, too,'' each will say, " contemplate presently making a clean sheet of my liabilities. Let me, therefore, look generous 11 JW that others m ly be generous to me." Ltt them all give by all means, hut nut on the fo ilish pretext that there is any parallel between Iiis position self-sought, self-made, self-produced in every way, and that of the gteat, goad, pure-minded, pure lived, und disinterested patriot, Richard Cobden. 'Ttvas only Us» y*r th it the boss s'obérer, the Sydney Daily Telegraph, Wrote thus : - It is a compara iveiy trivial matter that tho Opposition should bc divided and reduce 1 to impotency bv thc riv.il ambitions of Itrc selfish and unserupu'ous politicians, ntitliet o! uiiunl Will surrender the ieadeiiOiip to the other. Thc cir.'uiii-t,ince has no doubt tts inconvenience, chiefly as helping to protract thc life of an Administration fron \\\i.ieli 11 is pretty evident that not mud: public b"i:efu is to bc anticipated. Oat compared with tho ' tn tis baronies rery insignia ¡n». Xfiieñ wç reflect that tor year* the political life of fV.í.M'. was nolhwgiut a'prizeZrlffi'farthese two ' bruisers' to knock themselves about in, they : ineauwMIc r fiockctiiiß sukes and gaii manèy contributed hs Vie credulous public, we become abiTt« realij« th»comparative uit ^fñi^i^^f|M(:j^stM^. they now inter Îi'ose ito oat - p^m0 'px^ßte»fti' There it, iideed,»ií*i^^^ííteífo- to tha.net tbat '|ït^^d^^liiç;.0ttH^pifb1le life tor many yeari.by ««r lifäi^fffät greed and Unsent pulous ambition, Stow' when they have ap parently become impossible hetds of a «table (xuvernmcnt they«tHl fi¿ht out tlieir wretched vendiita in the cob! shades of opposition. If either nf them had the generous public spirit, tn render the only serviêi possible at their hands Lg really and finally retiring, wc fee) that the consistency ot (heir lives would, be marred, and we should be puzzled to explain where the patriotic inpulse could.have come from. The case shows tb.it we »re not likely to be puzz'ed in ony such milliner. I Our yesterday's iiairatite exhibted two men j in their "customary attitude," and inperfect ' harmony with their whole past, snarling aad \jighling oOer one miserabte bone, or rather what they regard as such, though it is but its shadow. In ail this ne recognise Sir Henry Paikes and Sir John Robertson we have so long known, with their selfishness, their disregard of any interest but their own, and their all-absorbing egotism all unchanged. Thus the Radical: THE PREMIER'S FAILURE.-The name of Sir Henry Parkes seems destined to be ever prominently before the public of N. S. Wales. The bankrupt state of Ids finances is just now in evcrybodys' thoughts and vari ous suggestions are beiug mide in regard to rendering bim some practical assistance. When a man is down, the first thought amongst charitably disposed people is, bow they can help him up. There arc iiuwerer amongst charitably disposed people, a num ber having an uncanny knack of enquhing b«w it came about, ere they will afford any assistance. If any mau falls through in temperance it needs a lot of charity to con tinually b dster bim up. If a man gambles his means away cliaritjbly disposed pcoi>le who ure not addicted to the vice themselves, will hesitate before seriously advancing sup port. Tie Pre nier has fallen, aid so lar as wc know, it has not come about through drunkenness, nor through gambling, in the popular sense. There is however a species of gambling, to which our politicians are all m ire or lest addicted, which the present Premier h is ever encouraged and which bas at least ptoved to be his curse, as well as the ourse of the country which he presides over. It is land speculation ; and land speculation is gambling with the bitth-right and heritage of the people. The Premier has fallen through this modern curse of civil zation through the failure of his schemes. He stood to win many thousands, but bit luck wat out, and he lost. He took the odds against his pet, and in the race- between hie pet, " Unearned lucre, meut," end his credi ors' "Demands," he was hopelessly beaten. The question is then, ought we to help him? Ought we to save hun from the consequences of his action« ? Thus the Republican .' " POOR, BUT HONEST,'' PARKES ! -We have no desire' tn hit u man when be is down, ns the vulgar stying has it, but we do desire to see justice done to the injured and defrauded. We are anxious, too, to vindicate the honour of the colony and to protest against the high est office in the country being occupied by a political humbug, a gibbet of honour, a fraud in the strictest sense of the word. The assignment of the Premier's estate, after two previous insolvencies--the one in 1869 and the other in 1870, has reveded his true character to the world. Notwithstand ing the fact that within sixteen years he had received £20,000 of the public monies paid to him in his official capacity, an J that he has deprived his creditors of fully three times that sum during bis public career, he has had the mendacity to rob the poor and provident teoants on his Montpelier estate, and to de fend his conduct by subterfuge and false hood. And yet he is the Premier of N.S.W, The parrot cry that Parkes is the Grand Old Man of Now South Wales should be in terpreted by the wail of the wi lows and the cry of the poor that bis reckless and criminal extravagance has caused. His grandeur is in allowing bis creditors to go unpaid, in lr au Ju lently seüin» land to which bc had n>i legal : riüht ; in obtaining the money of the poor under false pretences ; in having the cheek j to send the hat round ; in the ruin of our in dustries ; in the pollution of the political stream, and ina long career of tyranny, self seeking, and sham ! Is there another colony in thc world that would tolerate the sight of P irkes und G ir rett embracing each other ? Parkes has pro claimed Garrett a public thief, and on that score moved his (Gairetc's) expulsion from the House. Sir Henry Pdrkcs positively re fuses to withdraw the charge. Ha, therefore, in effect says that he believes Mr. Garrett a public thief, ii a J yet be makes him his Minis ter for Lands. No man has ever lived in the political life of the country «bo has done mire to foster sectarian jealousies than the raiser of the Kiama Ghost. He has set Orangemen against Catholics, and has remorselessly witnessed thc spectacle oí the strife, the bitterness, the pain be has occasioned for no other reason than to serve his own b^se political purposes. And yet there are those « ho will send their wives and daughters to beg for a mau who may be designated as the robber of thc pesca of the home and the sanctity ol' the family. If the wives and mothers and the daughters of these could o ily see the channels in which the money they ate collecting will have to flo«', tliey ivould rather subscribe and beg to have him transported bey ind the seas than raise a penny to keep the tyrant to wrong tue poor and helpless in our midst, iudeed, the transpiration of this Humbug and Fraud woo'd bc the greate-t Messing that could possibly luipi en to New South Wales. TOWLES PENNVUOYAL AMI) BTEF.L PILLS TOR FEMALES quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve thc distressing symptoms so prevalent with thc sci. Boxes 1« XJdand 3s Si.ofail Chemists, Prepared oul-y by E. T. Towle, Chemist, Notting 1,!,m, England. Wholesale ot aU thc Wholesale houses. jücKun of imitations 