Round tlie Shops. M.B.— All corre^poudenco la connection with this eolumu cau be addressed to ' Bernu Tre\ etliHU,' at the Tetrgmyh Newspaper Orate, nmi our contributor undertuUea t» answer all queries ou tht-so subjeutu, aud obtain »ml forward pi icrs, patteruu. A:c. Querk'd from c(jrre»pouiieutB should reach ibis oaico not later than Tueaduy mornins, to insure a renl; iu Kiiday's is3ue. I nAva often heard it said that thera in practically no limit to human invention, and being, us I am myself, sadly dufiuiciit in the bump of originality, I havo the more admira tion for those inventive geniurou who can i-tiikeout now iduas. In tho world of fashion luoie cspeo-ially am I often puzzled to know how now ideas can be found, or how anything mw is to ba devised in the way of wearing ui-rarel. This week I havo seen now ideas of c-u ry sort, which have taken bodily form, aud which will be interesting to ra'y country First of all lot mo describe some of the uovol tio at Edwards and Chapman's. In lingerie, tho vuy latest thing out, i.i under linun'iuuilo oi ( oLured zephyr. Those who havo nut son mi} oi tlicsu garments may imagine that they wi.ird liko- the appearance of thorn. So did I uijtii I saw them, but an inspection quito dU {?? It- ihis iilen. Tho specimens I mtr wcro of jinlu jink, und jiale blue zephyr— a ttuer zephyr lliini that generally used for dresses. The eh) n.iHL'u were cut in the usual form, but had no ir.c-fci- in front, they wero simply iratherod in to a baud round the ' ncuk, and lididxi with a deep ruitle of liue ecru va'.eu cii lines, whivh was drawn in at the top with a ri\ bun. The knii-kerboukers wero also trimmed in the- mine manner. In corsets I saw five or sis i.ew shapes, throo of which p .rtiduUrly iittraite-d my notice. The 'Phantom' norsut if, u* Uh nuiiie implioa, only tho ghost of a M'lt-U, bi.-:ng made of l.ico. The casings are nc;(ii- of Mitei-n, uud there are just suflici-.nt of thine- to jirevent the liico from wrinkling. 'Jhi-ee corsets are delightfully cool, in ii:i:t one hardly knows on'/ has got them on, so light me they. They would it.it any one of average jmipwti'in.-., 1'i.t those blegfcu (or bindi;iicd^) with a supur iihiaiduuiio of udiposo tissuo hud better not iiiiujit. lhc-m. For the latter, Symingl'ju'.i ('ii\iiir(l Imst ptirKpf uii»nliiu ?i ln»,-^ fulf m iii;(. The busk, which in the lower portion in of tin usual spoonbill shape, branches out at tho ti-j. in the sluipe of a Y, thus relieving tho bust oi nil preKiuif . These corset.s are niiido in old ?p Id i o!oi r. Tho third corset (tho ' ' I'omilaro') is miido in two colours— black worked with red hiile, :md white worked with white silk. In rul. it. is Miniithitig liko that most com f«Tiiil.lt; uf coivets, tiio ' Soudan,' having but few Viiiich, iindl hose few ending at lliu waist, ll i- very full on th-! hips, and is kept in Am po Ia hoiiziuilal coruiiigs, which lire sufficiently i!( xiblo to allow I'orfeot ease and freedom o'f li.i.l :m:. J l'liniiisfil to vivo n dcifriptiini of nie -if the nc-n-rcmly-nuulo costumes. Their name is !ij.-i(-ai, so I can only givo a few this week, aud ib.Ev few not iu detail. Tho ' Tanjore ' is a ih-i_«; of eri'imi muslin, with narro-.v cardinal fiiriris nlinut 1 inch apart, prc-dily o'i ujeil, and trimmed with coffee ltioo Mill Hots of pink and cardinal ribbons, 'ilie ' Loringui' of delaine, in all pale shades, tin- hliirt alonn is made, and prettily trimmed with eieiim lace frillings. Sufficient materials ?'or !l.e lodico goes -with it. This costume is ii-.tre lor evening wear. Tho ' Duchess' eos lim.e js a quiet and tastoful-lookinjr dross of dink grey zephyrs, combined with a check of lili.dt, grey, and whito. Tho drapings of' the tOiiit are caught up with iloto of black and cnidina' ribbons. Omitting tho cardinal rib bons this would multo 'a nice half-mourning dirts. GcJiernlly I liavo found that it is iliflicult to obtain much variety in black and. v.hito wushing materials, but thit year tho bliiyi. nnd wliito prints, zephyrs, &c;, are ctreeialiy plentiful, cheap, and Tirctty. At CiimiB imd Potty's I saw a number of Miy pretty navy bluo washing twills, in a vim if ly of striped and other designs, and also some of tho rainbow striped twills, all of which with well, and aro very eerviceablo dresses. 'J he ever- delightful jorsoys aro still in high f»Miur, and teem to become moro elaborate en iy day. Tho hnudi-omest I have yet seen are- at Eeid, SI'Intjre, and Clark's. Somo aro uu'.e blouse Jiapo, with a belt, and would l-c ]rttty on thin figures or growing girls. Jut for anyone with a fairly good flguro, fow fct.ilce ore more bccominir than tbo cloKo.fittiii^ j. i rf-y. It shows a good tlguro at its best, and a I ad t-ne at its worst. Somo of the now ones' me very driwy-looking. A brown jersoy had oitU of white stockiiigutto let in dowu tho fn lit*, and over, these wusa beautiful design in ir&uccnt; beads., One in dove colour had a Wght-flttinjr back with a basque, full fronts,' « nfiiiLtl with a half- bolt. A very i-rotty ono ofi.tAyblun had a white vest, covered with cit.fsbara of bluo braid. Others were made wilh icvirrt of Ktriped Btookingette. ? ; ? As ngaids the cut of the new dresses, there . ib tot much novelty. ' One may wear drosses mado after almost, any pattern worn duriag tho past 12 months, and still look quite in tho pre sent fasdriun. Many of the new washing dneses aro made with jacket bodices and draped skirts, but tho rcdingoto shape seems, if anything, to bo the style most favoured. It has tho double recommendation of being easy to iron, and of being becoming to moat figures. Thoso who like doing fancy work aro, I know, always eager to be tho first in tho fiold with any new kind of work, so to thosj in s-carch of a novelty. I should recommend tho 'Leek' cmbroidory, which is worked in the new 'Elephant Moss' silk. Why they aro po called I am unable to say, nor can I see any connection between looks and elephants, nor between either of these and embroidery. Such, however, is tho name it goes by. Tho elephant moss silk is to tuko the placo of arrasene, and as it ia much stronger and handsomer in appearance than tho latter, t will, I fancy, soon take- its plac? for mo-.t purposes. Lazy people and those who have not the time to do much in the way of purely ornamental work, will bo consoled when I toll them that they can now obtain (for 5s. per yard), very pretty drapes for brackets, mant'l boards, or mblea. The material is a kind cf fine old gold canvas cloth, on which is a raised pattern in shaded wools and silks, and tho edge finished off with a nice ball fringe. Iu appearance it looks like ciewel embroidery, and raised work, and it is only on a very close inspection that one discovers thut it is machine made. Half .1 yard of (Ilia is Ftifticient for a corner bracket, and would cose about Id. extra to post. The tablccovers in Egyptian embroidery are also very hands'm«. One I noted was of a kind of plush. The design, a warrior in scale aimour, with helmet surmounted by a nodding crest. The whole desifTi was woven in all the various shades and colours required, aud this design was then outlined, in chain stitch, done with gold tinse-1 thread. Ry this time I suppose my readers havo dis covered that I always feel a special pleasure in draw'.ug attention to any local industry which seems to be growing up among't us, »!»1 1 fee-! a kiml of patriotic pride iu being able to point out to newchmns how we aro uraeluallv becoming more aud more indepen dent of the mother-country, not only for tho bare necessaries of life, but also for what imij' be termed olifrlo tie luxe. Last week I was shown at 0. A. Brown's shop, iu Edward street, a cup which is now iu process of milking. I had heard of this cup. and with u woman's curiosity (und want of patience), I expressed a wkh to tee it ' ns it was.' The cup part was fixed on a pad in a mould of pitch, intended to hold it firmly while it was biing chased. This process is most interesting to watch. The design — an arabesque in this instance — is first of all lightly traced on the jihiiu, dull silver, aud is then, so to speak, ehi.-elled out with a tiny mallet nnd chisel, much in the fame manners as a sculp tor uses his tools. The pedestal nnd stem of the cup wero being made separate, and the dome-shaped cover was also in process of making on a third pitch bed. One could scarcely believe that the apparently oluinsy looking piece of silver would soon ha trans formed iuto a thing of beauty, and I mean to pay a couple more visits to this cup to see how it progresses. It is intended as a prize for a billiard tournament, and the base ia to have trophies of balls, cues, &a.;, grouped around it. A tiny silver billiard-table is to form the handle on top of tie lie. The whole will form a handsome piece of plate of which the fortunate winner may well feel proud. As usual, I havo outrun my space, so must h«!d over the rest of my note-s till next week. Bhrs-i Teuvethax. 