A CAUTtOIT TO EATS. In the series of conquests concluded at the ballot-box on Saturday last there was one essential feature of novelty which makes the general election of 1887 different from any that has yet occurred in Eew South Wales. Properly speaking, it was not a conflict at all ; it was a rout, u.' battue. Suddenly and under unprecedented circumstances the country found itself infested with a plague of political rats, which it simply turned out to exterminate. There lias been no instance of such a thing happening before in this colony, and unless an obvious caution is tin-own away there never will "again. Wo have just con cluded what will, in all probability, con stitute a unique chapter in our political history. The result is briefly <i caution to rats, and nothing more. We have had a fiscal battle fought at the - polls before, when frectrade came back as triumphantly as it comes back now. . Then it \yas a real match of prin ciple against principle, protection taking the field in an open aud genuine man ner, aud under one of the ablest politi cal leaders thi3 colony has ever seen. Between this defeat of protec tion under the masterly and legitimate leadership of the late Sir James Martij? and the j rout which it has just experienced under the mutinous com mand of Mr. Gar van there is plainly no analogy. The first was a serious trial of strength between two recognised nolitical armies'; the second merely the pursuit and punishment of a few de serters. Every essential circumstance attending the latter incident differs from the general rules of political warfare. The late Parliament was dissolved in the vory heyday of its natural existence — not, as is usually the case, to contest a prin ciple, but to punish treason. In a manner utterly without parallel, as far as our history goes, a large section of the House got stricken with a political panic. A cry for which Mr. Abbott, who should have known better, is largely responsible, was raised that " protection must come " — that it was, in fact, ap proaching rapidly in a large procession headed by bands and banners, and almost upon us. The result was as disastrous to those who heard the cry and were frightened by it as that which follows the cry of fire in a crowded building. All the timid unreasoning members made a pro miscuous rush from the freetrade edifice. A large proportion of the late Parlia ment, from no other reason whatever than that they caughr up an unaccount able contagion of terror engendered by the cry, turned round and abjured the principles upon which they were elected and which they stood solemnly pledged to maintain. Men, for in stance, like Mr. Bum,, Mr. Lysagrt, Mr. Suttor — what simultaneous process of mental evolution turned them from freetraders into protectionists ? There was none, Tlicy simply took fright and ratted with a dull insensate rush. Then men like Mr Garvan, Mr. Abbott, Mr. Lvxe and Mr. Copelanw, seeing the j| blind rush, hastened by a similar impulse to get ahead and take credit for leading it. In tin's singular condi tion of things the nominal head of the freetrade Government which had given the fugitives shelter, slipped away and left them to their fate. It remained then for the faithful minority to perform a part never witnessed since our Parlia mentary history began — viz., to politi cally handcuff the whole crowd of deserters and bring them up for judg ment to the bar of public opinion. Well, judgment is now passed and sentence executed. The protectionists, aided by the baud of deserters and as sisted by a general discontent which is- always favorable to changing the settled order of things, literally collapsed at the very sight of the opposing host. As soon as the Sydney elections were over they gave up tbo ghost. In the country they affected all kinds of dis guises, and very few have been returned as adherents oE the pure prin ciple. In the farming constituencies most of them wore advocates of a grain duty and nothing more. The difference between the immense Government ma jority and the helpless Opposition mino rity is that the former are unqualified freetraders and the latter " moderate freetraders." "Moderate protection" and "moderate freetrade," so far as we cau understand the new- fangled'phrase, mean exactly the same thing. The working- class in the city and larger towns, being as a rule more advanced political thinkers than their rural compeers, saw through the moderate dodge at a glance, and would have none of it. It was simply a plea for political quarter, which they sternly disregarded, voting in their im mense majorities for plain-speaking freetraders only. Where the farmers have voted for " moderate protection " it has been clearly from want of know ing better. They have been deluded into the belief that " moderate protec tion " means a grain tax, and what they generally voted for was a duty upon produce, with a free port for everything else. The artizans and miners as reasonable men dashed this agricul tural Utopia to pieces, as they always may bo expected to do whenever called upon. At the same time it has to be carefully noted that only a section of even the farmers swallowed the delusive bait of a grain duty. Along the Victo rian border was the great stronghold of " moderate protection," not because the farmers there particularly liked a grain duty in itself, but because they thought the imposition of one would act as a " retaliatory " measure against the neighboring colony. They are nearer Melbourne than Sydney, all the Vic torian railway arrangements are in their favor, and they could consequently afford to take a lower price for their produce in Melbourne than is obtainable in Syd ney. Protection shuts them out from this advantage not freetrade, and to punish Victoria for adopting protection, they would be quite ready — these pa triotic but badly instructed southern fanners — to vote for a grain duty, or anything else that would enable them to get their revenge at the public ex pense. The elections prove conclusively that protection, as economists understand it, has no root whatever iu the public opinion of this community. Various modifications of freetrade have, as we have shown, been voted for under various misconceptions. But the unqualified protectionist vote is not a bit stronger than ever it was and as a political factor counts for very little. What has to bo done now to obtain the full profit of the lesson taught by the elections is to eradicate the pseud o protectionist Growths from the farms where they have appeared as thoroughly as the real stock has been uprooted from the towns and mines. The Freetrade Association, with no weapon but that of logic, has already done good work in that way, though it would be folly to ignore the fact that more still remains to be done. What has to be done is to educate public opinion to a standard that will make another panic like that we have just witnessed im possible. Not that there is any fear of a rush of rats ever changing the policy of the country. But such things are demoralising and may, as we have seen, hustle away from their posts men whom the country may regret to lose. 