Australian Tales and Adventures. wo, IT. FIFTY LASHES. By ATHA- OHAPTEB L: A fall eammof mobn overhead,' casting bars of soft shoon athwart' tho trbe's in tbo pnblio Domain, Auckland, Now Zealand. On a rustic bench, beneath tho wide-spread- ing inranones or a giant Kauri pins; sat a balf- 1 oasto Maori girl, and by ber side a tall hand some youth, wearing tho dark-bine' nniform" oi Cavereham'sHoreo. " ' No Bponisb beauty could 'boast a more glorioris.beanty of iaos and form than Kiora Bolby. Her mother— dangbter ot- tho old Maori OhicftaiD.To Pake, fell in love, and married oris Tom Ssiby, a sergeant in, tho O-r-th regiment, nnd with- ber hand pame many broad acres in tho most 'fertile valleys of tho Waikato;. whioh tho. old soldier. soon' oon verted into a good payablo estate. While . Kiora was yet a obild nsrmotberdied, where- opon Tom Seiby bought a snug villa outside the city, and sent his daughter to o boarding sqbool nntii sho bconmo old ouough to tako ohargo of his hoooehold. And so you ara going to morro w, Charlio I" ' sho asks timidly, at tho samo time toying nervously with bar companion's palm between her own shapely hands, "Must it reaUy bo to-morrow?" . "Beally and truly, Kiora," ho answered. " The horses woro pnt aboard early this even ing, and wo sail to- morrow at daylight." " How dreadftri this war is," - she' says in -a' low tone. -.T " Ah, dreadiol; indeed, my darling, bnt wo most not etand idly and sea thoso : mad - fanatios, tharobelo, mnrdcr and plunder inno- cent peoplo. SinoaBswi was driven oat of Waikato, the Govorrimont havo don'o all in their power to'indnco tho dissatisfied Maoris to, lay down' their ormB. and live at peacs With their Pakeha neighbours, but you See it is of no avail. Tipora and hia crazy, brother have roused the Taranski tribes to open rs- bollion, and . by so doing.- have unlbrtunatoly , provonted ono Charles Stanton bom enjoying : bis Christmas dinner under the aamo roof as Kiora Bolby." ' , G ' " Dear Charlie, no one oan regret that mis- - fortuno more than poor Kiora," she answers,' softly. b . ... OharUelsngbs lightly, then stoops' down-: ward until .his mouotaobo reaohes ICiora'a rjpe red Hps, and— ;well, tho moon only knows what took pleco, for ho was watching them. His Moonship sees many things that, lovers wot not of. On this lovoly evening, thera- was no eioeption tp tho rulo, for he abservod'. oloso by whero ChaiUe and his obinpaniori billed and ooood at each other, tbo form of a man, orouching lo.w down behind a thiok eornb, whioh , completely hid bim bom the. ieyes of thoBo ho was evidently watching— a - %an with a, nolo, vilo-Iookiag faoo, wbioh 'peered pnt at tbem.bom tbo soroon- of foliage with a eavaga glettm in his'pjfes. Tho apparel of the oavos-dropper waa similar to thntworri by. tho girl's "companion, nave, that ho bad three narrow goldon sbipcB npon his coat slcbvo at tho wrist; whioh bespoke the man a ' nori-oonamissioned officer. 'During a long ohnt,.eueh no lovers Usually imfulgo, tho wateher never stirred bom his boat position ; bat listened to every, word uttered with n greed that was only born of deep aad absorb, ing intercat. It was only when Kiora ro'soto dopart that ho drew further into tho ohado,, and in so doing mado a noiso whioh attracted tho girl'a attontion. ' "What. .was that, Chaillo?" ebo oriod, nestling- herself oloso to . tho olda of that gontleman, sod gazing ronnd in alarm. - '.- " What is tho matter,, dear?";;' " Did you not hear a rnBtling- noise ? " It eonnded oloso by that bash thoro,1' olio said. \- - " Bwcot Kiora; -yon aro filial with ' strange fancioe to-night," ho said gaily. "First.it was a shooting star, big with ovil portent for' 08\. Now it is a noiso ;ns of somo larking assassin. Pooh, my girl, thoro is nothing— -savo perchance somo grasshopper looking for. its-mate."., " Oh; Charlio, I would givo aUT posoosa in. tho world to provbnt yoa going to Taranaki," eho said, , 'with sudden energy. . ' . ilNoneoriso. Why?" "Beoanso I havo one morbid .farioy: that' when we port to night it will bo for over." "My darling, I " " ' "Listen to mo,. Charlie. Do you' boliovb' in droams?'! . . "Dream's,' certainly. . . I. J)eliova'..-'thoy aro dreams/nothing more.-" Tho mniden ncatlod her email head— crowned with a coronot of . glossy , ravon hair — closor to his breast, and looking Up at him with hor largo eyes, eaid : : '. ' I had a terrible dream tho night before last— a dream in which I saw what tobkplaco as plain as I can ecs thoso trees brioro ma now.'.1 "What did you eeo, Kiora?" "An enoampiAont of armed men, situota on tbo margin of a. lovely lake, and ont- rounded on every hand by high rnggod bills, treeless and barren in the oxtrame," she re- : spondod, in, a low bnshcd tonq. ' V Beyond tho tents oh a' green patoh ot sword, my dream ' disclosed a solid square ol glittering bayonets, in tbo qiintre of wbioh wera tbreo posts etnnd- ing upright. On - tboso ornol stakes a'mari was being tied hand and foot to bo ' flogged Uko a slave. My God, it was terrible." . Tho trooper pat his arm ahout. tho blonder form oi Mb aompanion, for. she badiBegmr to shiver liko one in n.ogno fit. . , " Did yon recogniso tho features Of'tiio rin- fortunato fellow at tho triangles ?"" ho asked presently. "I did." ' . " And yon know him V > "Yes." ' , . ». "Who was ho, Kiora?" ' " Yonreelf, Charlio I Oh, tho unntterablo anguish depleted there I Oh, the misery and tha despair, and ths sickening dreadful blows that foil npon my ears like, tomo shuddering horror too great for mortal heart to bear I Yet I was oompelied to gazs until tbo dread- fnl wovk was ended. Thou I heard' a' load shout uway towards tho cliifs. and! looking thence, heboid a great horda of Maori warriors, rash ilka a mighty avaianohe upon tha squaro oi armed men. and shiver it into a hundred fragments. Thou ail becamo chaos and con fusion, intermingled with efaonts and arics, and a vision oi tho man who had been de graded mounted npon a saddle and bridislcss horso, his bare and bloody baok glistening conspicuously nbovo the crowded mcla until tossed to and fro liko a worthless waif, it wont down amid tho tide ot battle, and I saw it no more." Charlio Stanton stood silent for a moment. A feeling of sorua nameless dread began to steal ovor bim at Kiora'a recital, but ho ahook it off, and replied in a bantering way : "Dreams aro ail my oye, awootboart. In. deed, it hoa boon said by certain crusty old bachelors that dreams are liko ladles, thsy follow tho rulo of contrary. Como hold np your bead, my dear, I shall rotom to yon 'era tho now year is many woeka old, with ail my honors. .Think npon mo." "I fervently trust yon may, dear Ohariie," Bho replied. Then, suddonly lilting her head : "Charlio, I want yoa to znaka me a promise —a solemn promiso." " Certainly, dear Kiora. What am I to pro- mieo?" "That you will refrain bom taking ono drop ot intoxicating liquor until yoa return to Auckland." "You littio tyrant," ho cried, laughingly. " Yoa would liko to set a trap for me. You havo your tea without stint— whioh tho doc tors say is rank poison — and yet ono is to ba deprived oi his glass of grogj simply beoanso that giddy head ol yours has been running too much on wars and' rumours ot wars. Bnt, west Kiora, let ns chango tho sabjeat. How lovely the night is." st Xbsy went ant into tlia soft glow, arm in arm — sbo pleading for his premiss— ho, laugh ingly. resisting her. Onward down thagresn slopes, strewn with murky shadows, that ' seemed to swallow them up and loavo no boos behind. By-ond-byo tho larking figure oamo lorth from his lair, and stood np in tho fall light of tho moon— a tall dark man, abont thirty years of age, :face sallow, and alosely . shaven, disclosing a wide, sensnal month and -'strong determined jaw, filled -with 'firm- whits teeth.. ..." . " So hers ycin are, Sergeant CIomehtExley, playing tho spy,'.' he mu ttored, apostrophizing, himself, a sinister gleam in his eyes tho while. " Why, who would have thought tho riiig doves would seleat - this spot for thoir Bsnseiess , abutter ?— almost under my nose. Humph I My limbs aro racked with oramp, Confound thorn both. What tho devil oan tbcrabe about this weak puling dandy, that sho must prater' him to a hotter. man :Ayo, :oho,:who'oares more for her than, ho' doos." :, .; He stood 'with; folded arms a moment,! watbhing tho direction they had taken/ "There ye go, .Cbariio Stanton, with tho whip'hand of mo,' bat tako ioaro, >my Tad, I;- don't ohookmato'yon. ..For fon yctirs you and I havo been what modofn Boolety oalls'friends, Charlio) but modern society' littlb: droams; how I hofo yoUr friendship.' . It has robbed mo of many thinga I had eel ray: heart on,1 even tbo love of this proud wencii — who has thoaght fit to treat my 'advances with saom ond insult,1 sinos you have, taken, tho .field, Ohailia, mon djicro. .; Weil, well, I am content to bide my time, Kiora Bolby, , . Dreams baye been fulfilled ore this. J havo tho cue, iny weak-minded spark, and it shall go hard, bnt I wiU ubb it to advantage when opportunity, 'offers." :' - . . Ho followed in tho walto of thoioyers with a slow and meditative step, his head- boat;' and his hands oiaspod behind his baok. .. 1 " If my friond Stanton has'ond pet; viao! abovo anotbor, that vioo is drink.V ho' 'mat tered, pausing in" his wait.' . " Not a sot, who' lores to tipple alone, -until he is epeeohloss,1 oh,. dear no ; bat ono of your gentlemanly; sooial sbnls, who cannot eay nay When it is. plaoed onder his-noso. ,'Lst him promise if : he will, he cannot resist it. I bays otndied thb man.. Twieo has ba riaon.to the rank of . sorgb'an.t sinob -tho. oorps lwas . formed, and baoh timo. degraded; 'to: the ranks agaim through tho Iovqiol -good liquor! -Bo, BO; Ohsrlle, oil's fair in loyonndwar. ' Thorefoio' I'll bait my line and anglo for yoa my friend;: Ones landed, I, see my way clear to la belli Kiora, and her broad aores.", , , , Borgeant Exloy, of Cayereham's Horse, ih- oreassd his'; pace, srosscd the . park, .and entered tho street ;<thenoo his walk, beoamo; slowor,' nntil .ho reaohed Bhortiand Place. Herb ho halted, and stood watohiag the front of a pretty .villa on tho, opposite sido of tho ;iray. : ; \- Thore must havo bson something very ,at- traotiya hora to engage tho ebrgoant'a attcnl tantion, for ho remained on,. tbo. spot oloso upon two hours. Ho was still waiting and watching, when a young man issued from tho house, humming a favorite opera hir. , " Hollo, ; charlio I1- woll"; met, dear boy. Whoro havo you been ?" pried Exloy in a sur prised, yet pleasant tono!: ... ; i : "Just run over to, bid tho Belbya good- byo," replied Stanton. " But what aro you. doing down this way, Exloy?" ' , " Ah, taking a walk under tbo moon to view, thb oity. ,1 gaoss wo shan't havo another opportunity of viewing; thb spires ot Anokland1 by moonlight for oomo timo to oomo. Truth is, Charlie, I'm gladitb havo mot yon." : V "Why?" . . .jt :V . v. "Beoanso I , was jast making, my way. to the Albion; whore Ilvb promised to most ono. or twq jolly.foUqwo, to toko a parting glsss. You will join mo of course." "My dear Exlsy,,. nothing wonld givo mo greater, pleasure, but — — " . "But what?" . ; Tho truth isf,". etammored Charlie, <« I, have mado d promiso not to . toneb liquor of: any kind until I return from Taranaki." "riiow," whistled thb Sergeant. "I'm sofry lor that,' inasmuch as you will miss a bowl of the best punoh, and ono or two of tbo moot- oomio dogs in Now Zealand. . Good night." '- 1 Sorgohnt Exloy, turned upon . his' heel, but' Stanton caught him by tbo arm-, ' ; ."Hold hard, Exloy,: Wo sail catty in tho morning; it'u almost ihorning already, there fore I'm with you. I oan accompany yqu without breaking my word, oh?" : , " Certainly." And tbo anglor went in with his intended dupo, and bronght him forth in tho.groy light of tho dawning, day, staggering; uproarious, and with his promiso shattered to tho winds. CHAPTER II. % v , -< Thora aro-ioiy sbenoH in Now Zealand more grandly rnggod , than tho Ohan Valley. .Taranaki, tho spot where ths Volunteers had formod thoir bivouoo on the 2Itb of Deo., in anticipation of mooting tho rebel Maoris. . It was Christmas Evo, tho' timo night, a \- oalm lovely night,' with moon and stars etad- ding tho dark bine canopy ot heaven. Tho camp was composed of six bnndred rank and file of thb Auqkiand Bifies, together with, ono troop of Cavaraham's Horse. Tho lottor had pitahed their teats on n small Mil adjacent to where thq commissariat stores had beou pilod and covered over by a largo tarpaulin. 01 tho sixty mon of tho troop, -.ton- of thoir. number hud - bosh told off as guard, under tho ohargo of Sergeant Exloy. ,Tha supply of grog and provisions were only limited, and neoded bat ons sentry at a timo . to keep watoh ond ward over them. Toora wore six quarter casks of rutrf standing in a row, flanking tha stores,- — atorribla temptation ond dangerous in tho extreme to any 'poor tippler who obanced to havo ohargo in tho still dead night, with ho oja looking on. Tbisideaappeared to havo taken posses sion oi tha sergeant, for ho called tho guard together about tho watch-fire, and Said : "Comrades, I ncod hardly remind you of thq general ardor leaned this morning. We aro nndor martial law bora on tho field. Colonel Bartopp, as you nil know, is a very strict officer,' and will punish ths slightest neglect or oarelcssness with sevsrity,. mind that, and above alt remember that any' man fonnd tipsy while on duty, will most assuredly go to tho triangles; You understand ?" Thsy appeared to understand vory well that drunkenness would bo punished only with tho lash, and they glanced towards tho rntn-pnncheons,. and thought tha sergeant a worthy fellow to oon- corn himself about their woifare. There wore others about tbo fire who did not belong to thogoard. Ono, a short, broad ehouldored, jolly-looking follow, who had evidently seen mora of ths ocean than terra Jlrma,< it ono might jndgq by his gait and hia conversation. Hia namo was Bob Cabio, and whilo the ser geant warned bis men, was deeply Intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on tho rongh noso of a magnificent walcr.spauicl at his side. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bars-logged Maori Jod aboat fourteen, who stood by with month agape. Tho boy, who answered tha riom do place of " Banily ," was ono of that gonder known aa a camp fag and general knook-ahont amongst the troopero. Ho conld speak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withal ons of tho most mirehisvona joung vagabonds in Mooriland. : Aa tho night waxed apaeo, there aroao a keen wihd, which mkdo tho air biting sold, and sot tho whole tenia abivoring liko no many sheeted ghosts nndor tho moonlight. Tha Maori laa, prowling about for aomoplaoo of shelter for tho night, (onnd a snug corner bo- ' noath tho tarpaulin wbioh eoverod'the stores,, and then retired to rest without more ado. The party ronhd tha fire gradually thinned,; until only two poreona remained by it,— Cbarlea Stanton and Bob Cablo. It was easy' to perceivo that it warm nnd ainecre friendship . oxiated between theas twain, yet no two men were more opposite in 'person and disposition. Thq one handsoma, gentlemanly and refined in bearing; bnt'weak and yielding to pasilan- imi. - Tho other ooarse, plain' of-peraqn. yot obstinate and deterininod as a htilldog. How \- oamo there oppoaitia to be friends?.-.' Simply1 through ono. littlo abt of 'kindnooai At .Abe storming .of tba Maori ; stronghold. ".To Ranga," Bob Cable lay hloeding to dqathvout- aldo the ' ehomy'a'tronoh, irom'o aoveVo' gaeh in his . side received dnringlthb ottadk. Tbo Volunteora were repulacil,; bnt at'thc risk of his lifo; Charles Stanton walked coolly out to the tronoh, and brought in tba wounded mon upon hia book, amidst' a perieot bailatorm' of Maori-bnllota. It was a gallant, kindly aot, and Bob had often :spqkbn hisVgratitnds'in tenghagq moroforoible than poUte. And hero they ait by tho firo, with tho dog between them, and a' email flask ol ram, whioh hoa boon emptied to thodrega in fighting thoir Waikato campaign over again. " ' : 1 . ; Fresontly tneie is a adll fov hambar foar of the gaard. : Charlie Stanton rises' hurriedly, wiahea : ; Cablo v " good-night," and Unaware ".Hero." , , g-;;" is hia turn tor Echtry; and he is marched over to rclioVa the man posted on the stores-.; BUohco now. reigns throdgbont tha oiimp; savo for the wild' Boxeeoh 'of tbo' pclow. out yonder by tho' lake. . \- Banfiy eroochcdnndcrtho friendly covering - of the torpauUn,. Is enddenly awakened from hie'roey dreams by tha eound.of voices in tha viofnity. Tho Maori noMeaaly lifta one end of the oovering dnd peopa forth. Sergeant Exloy is standing with aporinioan in hia hand; talking to thi) aimtry in a low earnest tono. . " Indeed OherUo,; I- eoe' 'no groat liarm in a giaaaoi grog on snobo eold night.': Wo ore not in town whero it abnld be oasily obtained, thereforo'ono must -got , it by etcaltb, . Of; oonrsd yon aro on sentiy,and can prevent my \- taking any, hot I muBt say a small half-pint ont of ono of these oaska wonld noyer bamia- , eed." _ i Perhepa hot," answered Chariia'Btantqn, oaroleaaly, Prey do aa you pleaae, yon havo; ; command of the guard; bnt'I say, Exloy, What; about; that tectum' you guvo! ua . rcaprotiug general ordoro, and Colonel Bartopp 'a, atarn diaoiplino ?". ' :.,v', -'-ik..v'-;' Tha sergeant langhea in a qniot '. wnjr, and ' replied; '? Wait until you're promoted again,' Cbarlio. then adopt my plan. ' Ono aido for tbo meD, tho other for yoor frienda. Surely. . you were.-not' improeaod with -my oantlon. -Lord,, I fed indUnod to roar aoinetimoa at all; tbo 'fasa ahd-humbug put .forth in ordera- goncrol or otherwiae. lied tapo and hunknm. ; Bunkum and red-tape .to.tho qnd of thoohdp-; ter!' - I'll bet Colonol Bdrtopp baa hot retired to hia tent without ai ekinful of good . liqhor.1 Why then'ehobld wo; comrade, who havo.to; : watoh through the long night in ' this Bharp . 1 . .wind, not whet oat wh'atld when ' itiahcre ' reedy at onr hand?" ' "Bravo, Ezloy 1 Very well argued. My orders are to allow no ono to meddio with tho oommieaariat oxocpt theqaartor-maetor, but I repeatryou are my euporior officer, and— thoro uro tlio caoke.'.' Good. Thla follow horo ccomo a littlo opoplootio, wo will bleed'him.'! ! -," With nil my heart, but how will you do it, through his bungholo? '' of iod Charlio, laugh- . "No I Only e bnoglor. would go to> work that way. Bco horo, T havo n gimlet; 'Now;. ;<keep watoh .whilo I spile this fellow's frontis- pieoo." . " Ctement Exley oaot- a friamphant look ot: ;bla companion ore ha want down onhiakncca to boro the rum ; phnoheon. . Hod the good: t. hoturcd inconstant dupo ecen. that look,- ba .would have thought twico before hobnobbing with the onbtlo and cralty ecoandrel bsfore him. -: Bat Charlio Stanton; mcaauriug tho man by his own atnndard, oaw notbing in it aavoe good follow in want of a nobbier, and ; who had pluck enongh to hazard hia aorgoant'a etripes for it. ' / . Crawling from hia laif as oUontly.as a' eor- pent, Sanfly behold Exloy.holding tho panni- atjh qver e thin stream isaqlng from one ot tho casks. How tho Ilqiior biased and gurgled suit spouted into the pot I When tho uteoail was full, Oharlio held hia thumb to the hole until the aurgoaht plnggo'd-it up again. . :- 1 " Now, oomrndo, tnlio a nip." ' ; "After you," eaid Charlio, modestly. - - 613 Tho girlawa left behind nsp", end tlio eof. . goant put tho liquor to hia lips, but ha did hot drink any.. , . - . V, ; " I'll givo that pledge with all my bCQTt," responded Charlie, in proof of wbioh' ha almoa t emptied tha pannican at a draught. It took ; . sway hie breath for tho nonco;-'bat that was nothing— tbo xijht was aold. "What do yon aey, ehall wo refill tho gob- . lot, Stanton?" " By oil moaria, Exloy, and tho pot wan re- planiBhed. ' - "I did not expect wa.wera going to iiava 1 ' : euoh a jolly timu in gonoral," eaid the sentry; : aimting himaeif on ono oi. the . puncheons, . . ' with tbo con of inm betwcen his knees, ; " Como, Clem, tako a cip nnd pass tho dc- cantor." In a -chart time tba measure waa. again : - empty, and onco inoro refilled. The fioiy -spirit waa at iosat twenty degrcea over, proof, and - 1 ,'aoon began to tell npon the troopers. - " Wo mact he cautious, comrade,- and : hot V atoosa tho Bleeping guard," said tbo aorgonnt, ' . 1 as Obsriia beoame rather noiay, " It te now i ; - past midnight, and I don't oxpcot tba visiting offioar before four o'elook.V . "Ob, bother tho vieiting. officer— pass tho - nappy, Clem." " I suppose you - don't mind- my reliov- - . ing yon when yonr two honrs ore np, Char- Ho -y. .''Not at all.: Iqm oontqnt to remain hero' nntil daylight, providing yon leave mb tha . . gimlet. . Here's yonr health, Clsm, and may yoa ' \ live to bu a general." - The tergeant watehed him with glistening !' 11 oyea. " Steady, comrade, yon will bo tipsy," ! ho said. "II nonsense. 1 Hero, hold my oaxbiuo, tho pot b empty.'? Ono p.m. by the sorgeant's watoh, and tho- sergeant's companion ia growing thick of speech and rather prosy. In another half- hour tho poor 'dupo xs -siaggeriog about,'-'--' moralising to tho empty air, liko ons of Can- 1 grove's heroes. / Ho will havo another nip of - tho liquor, and' ho has hia way, tot bo ia beyond reason now. - Tho rum hoe mastered him completely ; anon ho ia nothing hut a , grovelling bundle ot hnmanuy,.hia laugh"' crooked, souse gono, and talking— yo Goda I anoh rubbish and ribaldry, that tbo sergeant' grows disgusted and leaves bim alone in his - glory. \- Tba officer ol tha night begins his rounds eariicr than was expected. At tbreo a.m. tho Commisoariat Guard turned .'out at his', summons, and was dismissal! as correct. "How many sentries have you, Sergeant . Exloy?" " Only one. Captain 1" "IwUl visit bim." It was nana for two men of the guard and tho noncommissioned officer in chargo to accompany tho officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the captain over toTho stores, bnt of oonreo thoro waa no ono to oballonge thoir approoob. "Halt,". cried tho officer, "how's this? whoro is yonr man, sergeant?'! Iiouskcdina tono of snrprieo. Before tho question conld bo answered, the Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and painted ont the dark innert form of tho tipsy Eontinel etretched upon the floor fast ailoep. " A light waa bronght from the toot and thoy tried to ronsa bim, but' ia vain. .There appoorcd no need to inquire hoiv tlioniangot ' drank on 1 hia poet. The leaking oasb, tho gimiot, ana the pannican halt fall of Tiqabt-' on tho ground beside bim, told - its own' tab : -plainly.. ' 1' '-> i': ; "Thla is a vcry nnfortunoto matter,'? cried ' vvi -1 the sergeant, with well-feigned - regret in his ' 1 '! tono. ." What ie to bo done, sir?'' ? ; ... ;. "Done l why your- duty, BDrgcant.ExIoy.G'/:.'--' of, oonrflOr' ifbffponded ; (bo aaptsiu, " Oirtf ''v.v,V', tho poor devil' to the gunfd.tnnti andiput ' another msnTn hi3 stead. -"I'll report 'td H Colonel Bartopp, on my roturh. . -Good- nightl"'1 V; i1 GGl:1 vn'f, V Morning, oamo with Ha rosy birislv tinging : ; :. the hili-tops and kissing thn oleopihg naoimp. . ment intoirenbwqd.lifo, It>, found ; Sergeant Exloy paoing moodily . before lli'o'g'uarditenl , ;wherO;his unfortnnata'viotiui lay eltnhbbrinB-' : off tho fumos of iptoxiostiop. 1 t '.. : : , '? Ia thla bnt' tho prelude to flm- dream ?" he ' ' mattered. '.'."Gad, it wduld.acom eo. Here ; . oro tha oirab'bf-hUte aroand,barqandtrceIesa -'-> ->. overlooking. tho nvaltey': below.': Yonder the Ohan Lake gleaming in tho early aun Ilka ii burnished 'shield. What moro? SlislI. tha ; - ' .;. onrtain riso to-day upon the firat act of tho" v dream 7— the .formed eqaiire;ahd the men tied ' to 'the .'triarigtes?, ,Wa shall nnoe. VOIiajleaiV,-"?;1?'; Stanton, -it .wonld -have been Well had thou or ' - I nevorseon-Kiora'Belby, !l>orir wrotci, sleep ' ' on. When thouwakeat thou wilt see tho. <«« ready.' And now to suafch an honr'a rest.'-' .Ho turned into, the .tent, and ' at- that-- moment tho.voioa- oi Banfiy- waa hoard call- ing fbt;Sbap; ths retriever, whb ' ran '.frisking if, ; towarda thb lad in great glee;"aud: tha' piiir ' i' ' - faced down thb hiU tbwarda the tent oooupicd by BobOqhlff. , y:.'-.-1-. . (To be continued.) --. 11 " 