\Th-e Wine That Conquer's Care i5 ' Nay, frownnot, fairest 1 Chide no more, I" Nor blame the blushing wine ; j its fiery lips are innocent When thrills the pulse with thine. Go, leave .the goblet in my hand, Bat :veU thy. glariceBbright,-1 •IiSBt wineandheaqty zhingling here, Should wreck eoul to-night. Then. dearest. to the ancient vine, I In sculptured beauty Tare, j Bow down thy red, arched lip arid quaff I The Wine that -conquers care; j And breathe upon the glowing cnp, [ Till thus its perfumes be Sweet as the scent of the orange groves Upon some tropic sea. Then while the fingers idly stray In dallianceo'er the lyre, Sing to me love, some rare old song That gashed from heart of fire— Song such as Grecian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, j And Persia's glory, with the light, . - ! Faded at Marathon, i Sing till the shoutB of armedinen Bing bravely oat once more 1 Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shine on the moonlit $hore 1 Bid from their melancholy graves The baried hopes to start, I knew ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of the past I My soul shall follow thee— Its boundless depths are echoing Thy glorious minstrelsy; And as the sweet vibrations hang Enfettered on the a?r. I'll drink, thy white arms round me, love, The wine that conquers care; A Great Traffic in Fowls—Speaking of the immense inumber of fowls received weekly at Marseilles, France, a London journal says : The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vans of the ordinary size, bat specially constructed for this traffic. The sides are of lattice-work, and internally the van is divided into nine tierB, or shelves. On each tier there are twelve, cages, and each cage is calculated to contain thirty birds. In .this way the prodigious number of three thousand,two hundred and fifty fowls is con veyed in a single waggon. The cages are provided with tins for water on one side and for corn on the other, and there is a door in each through which any fowl that is injured or sickly can be at once removed. The birds kre said not to.suffer at all to deteriorate on their journey, though they come from .Milan or even from Venice, and in many cases are sent through direct as for as the Spanish frontier. We.often tharikHeaven that we aenot as the Italians in the "matter of the treatment of animals {and n6 doubt as a rale we do so with justice), but if the Irish, poultry .consigned to the markets of London, or Glasgow could seethe arrangements that are; made for 'the accomodation of their Italiaii .brethren, the/ Would surely pray to be delivered from the . earless kindhearted ness of the English, arid handed over to the cdculatirig mercies of the Italian. i Beggars Supported by Gamblers-—Per haps ihe ^ga.mbiers. are (fie beBt Bupport of ■beggars.: Xf«yoaknow where a poker game or a faro bank is located—of course you don't; you never saw anything of that kind, and I know , will be quite a surprise to you to learn that they exist, if, indeed, you know what they are—you'll always find beggars and loafers around. Gamblers are superstitious, and they will not upon any consideration pass a beggar by without giving him a small contribution. It would be bad luck. Perhaps there's a trifle of j conscience about it, and they have, after all, ] ;a sense of, some power above them to be. ap- j peased by their helping the needy. A gambler i will borrow to give to a beggar. j I have known actors imhqed with the same ; sentiment. I only knew on^vdramatist who i owned the, superstition. He.hada play com- i ing.out, arid the night it was to be produced, j just before the curtain went up, a beggar «aokled him. He gave him a penny. There,)' said he, " that's good luck. My , play, will be a go." It was a'terrific failure. " I wish I'd given him a florin ! " he said. The superstition was all right. The amount hadn't been enough' to appease the goddess Fortune. . His Costumes-—Bichard Wagner gener ally received his visitors in mediaeval coBtumes such as he always wore when composing. Alexandre Dumas, calling on him one day, was highly amused at the masquerade. "You are all dressed up to play 'Geseler,' eh?" said Dumas, with his good-natured laugh, which rather hurt the feelingB of the author of f' Tannhauser," who nevertheless returned M. Dumas' visit when next he went to Paris. A'isrsame delay M, Dumas appeared at last, arrayed in ,a magnificent dressing- gown with ! large flower pattern, a helmet with flying plumes, > a life-belt round his waist, and enormous aiding .boots. . , " Pardon me," said he majestically, " for appearing in my Working costume. I can do nothing without being dressed in this manner. Half of my ideas live in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my boots, which are indispensable to me When I. write my love scenes.1' Moral .Courage —There is a brave man in Kentucky. 'l'ne State is noted for the bravery of her sons and the beauty of her daughters; bat the man we speak of has a kind of courage which is rare everywhere and at all times. His name is John S. Rhea. On the stump recently, Mr. Bhea descanted with freedom upon another speaker, wbo replied by a challenge to mortal combat, llbea de clined to fight for four reasons: 1. He did not believe in duelling. 2. It was against the law. 3. There was some one dependent upon him to whom he owed protection. 4. His acceptance of a challenge would exclude him from the practice of his profession in Ken tucky. These are arguments which his op ponents will find it difficult to answer. At the same time, speakers who do not believe in duelling are practically bound to treat their opponents with the most scrupulous personal respect. A feeble but facetious applicant for em ployment in Brisbane called upon the alder man from his ward, the other day, and press ing his claims to consideration upon the ground of service rendered upon election, urged the^alderman to secure him a place. " Why, ri»y dear fellow, "you are too sick to work. I would gladly do anything J could for you, bpt-itjis aut of the question ; there is no one of -the departments that would fit' your case." " Isn't there? What's the matter .j with tb^Health Department ? '■' Femaiejstudents-are numerous1 in Paris j (most of Jthgm Russians), and generally poor, j so they cliib together and put their resources into a common fund. One room is used as a dormitory, another as a. study, etc.-, and a pinole nook In* 