A GHOSTLY WARNING. -7------7 ' While I am ready to acknowledge that seafaring men are more or less superstitious -as a class,' said Captain Day of the brig.Roren ' I must at the same time insist that some things have happened in my own experience that were hard to explain away by any line of natural reasoning Along in the sixties 1 was in command of a brig called the Osprey, flying the British flag, and I made a charter from Jamaica to the port of Georgetown in British Guiana. We loaded in'fair time and got away with a fair breeze, and we had run the island out of sight behind us when the first of several strange things happened. At midnight, with everything going well on board, the brig's bell began to toll. I. have seen and heard a ship's -bell strike now and then in a heavy sea, but in this case, mind you, there was no sea to speak of, and the brig was not lifting a foot as she climbed the waves. Without the slightest warning, and in the dead of night, the belL began tolling and it did not cease until it had struck thirty one times. The sound rang through the brig loud and clear, rousing everybody up, and I had just given orders to have the bell mualed when it ceased tolling. The mate and myself stood right beside it. when it struck the last half dozen strokes. There was no oscillation of the tongue, as would have been the case if the brig had} been pitching in a heavy sea, but every time a stroke was struck the tongue was pulled quick and heavy to one side, as if a human. f hand had hold of the rope. -' 'Captain Day,' said the mate, as we fell back, 'that is meant for me.' i 'How!' - 'I am thirty-one years old this very day. It is tolling my birthday and funeral in the . one day.' I 'That is all nonsense, Mr Brown. I can- I not say why the bell should ring'as it did, I but as for its being a warning that is alll bosh. Send the men about their business, sir, and do not try to make a haunted house of my brig. 'Half an hour later the wind shifted from the north-west to north, and then to north east, and we could no longer lay our course. It came up strong, too, and in a little time i the brig was lifting and pitching in a nasty sea. We were reefing and furling to meet the change, and great patches of foam were being driven inboard as the gusts caught them up, when of a sudden I heard a cry from the' sea to leeward, and in the one_ brief look I got I saw the face and form of the mate as he was driving away in the darkness of the. night. I'could not credit my senses, however, until I had run forward and discovered that he was not to be found on board, though no body had seen him go overboard. We had: not been boarded by a sea, and just how it came about that he left us is something I have never been able to understand. We were so hard put to it just then that it was folly to think of lowering a boat, and the best I could do was to throw overboard what ever might answer to-buoy him up in case he was lucky enough to seize it. ' In half an hour the storm had blown itself. out, and the wind quietly settled back until, by bracing up, we could again lay our course. I looked upon the mate's loss as an accident liable to happen aboard any craft, but not $o the sailors, I caught enough of their mutterings to understand that they firmly believed the tolling of the bell had all to do with it, and that this belief was taking the courage out of them. However, when day light came they seemed to think better of it, and the sight of two or three vessels keeping I is company brought their hearts back. 'If I had not been full handed and under s'ipulation to reach Georgetown at the earliest possible hour, I should have hauled up for Hayti or Porto Rico to secure a new mate. Under thie circumstances I concluded to make Trinidad if possible, but when this decision was conveyed to the men I could see they were not over-well pleased. Duriing the day we had north and north-west winds, with no sea to speak of, and we rattled along through the Carribbean Sea in a way to make good the delays of the previous night. The second mate was a fair offcer and a willing one, and during the afternoon I got a very satisfactary nap while he was in charge. At ten o'clock that night we have a five-knot breeze, a starlit sky, and plain sailing, and the mate turned in until I should call him. At eleven o'clock the yards were braced a bit as the wind hauled atrifle, but fiomin that to t?welve o'clock not a rope was touched.. At five minutes to midnight I passed the bell,. and noticed that most of the watch on deck were catnapping wherever they could find a place to hop down. 'One-two-three-four ' ' At exactly midnight that hell began toll ing again, and it rang off twenty-seven strokes and stopped. When it had struck about a dozen times I went.forward and stood beside it. Once I reached out my hand to restrain the tolling, but the thought came that if the signal meantdisaster to us it would do no good to cut therm short. Was I frightened IHonestly I was not. I never did go a cent on ghosts and goblins, and I felt there was some natural cause for the ringing. Every soul on board was on: deck before the -bell had sounded its twentieth stroke; when the last.echoes were carried off on the wings of the wind the sailors moved aft in a body, and an old salt spoke up : * Captain, being asthis ere brig is doomed, and bein' as we don't want to go to the bot tom wvith her, it'sour opinion that we can't get out the boats too soon. 'You cowards and fools,' I' answered. 'There is simply something wrong about the *ay this bell is hung, and as we happen -to sail on a certain course the tongue is set swmngng. ' But why just at midnight ? asked one of the sailors. 'And why did it wring thirty-one last night, and only twentyrseven to-night ? de manrded another. - '.lo back to your sleep. To-morrow we will overhaul it, and I warrant you we will find a natural cause,' As ( went aft I noticed that the wind was freshening, and I looked around for Mr Barnes, the mate. I thought I saw him come on deck when the bell was tolling, bz as he was not in sight I.sent one of ?0 men down to call him. He was not in hi's stateroom, We made a search of the brig but he was not on board. Thtt he had lain down was plain enough, but hew he I could have disappeared without anyone seeing him .was a mystery which 'made me uncoin- I fortable. We did not have a squall as -on the previous night, but the wind shifted three times and whipped to the south be fore it settled down. I had fairly to drive the men to their work with a belaying pin, I and the second mate was no earthly good to me When, after an hour or so, we had got settled down to our course again, he came to me and said: ' Captain Day, we must take it as a warn ing. Mr Barnes was twenty-seven years old' ' Pooh! man, when "daylight comes we shall see everything explained. If you are ifraid you can go forward with the white men. 'The thought to disrate him braced him up a little, but it was easy to see that I had a job on my hands. I madeup my mind that when daylight came I would make thorough search of the brig. If the missing man could not be found and a vessel was in sight, I would signal her and secure the services of a mate. If not and then the crew did not re cover from their fright, I would hold away for I?.ayti and make.port. As the dawn came I~ put every man into the search, and we didn't leave a rat-hole which wasn't looked into, but it was all in vain. Frome all that I could see with my own eyes the man had turned in, slept for I could not say how long, I and then got up and disappeaaed. The fact that we could not find him aboard was proof E that he had gone into the sea, but why ' Hewas a sober, honest fellow, a good sailor, and apparently in the best of. health. What I could the tolling of the bell have to do with his mysterious disappearance. \- 'Not a sail of any sort was in sight, and as the sun came up the breeze, which had held with us through the night, began to die 1 I away, and by eight o'clock there was a dead calm. I saw from the actions of the men that they were all broken up, and I called them aft and made a little speech, promising F to speak the first ship or bear away to Rico. ] I gave them to understand that I would do this to ship a new mate, not because the tol ling bell had upset me, or I believed there was anything wrong with the brig. While y this did not altogether satisfy them, they had to make the best of it. There were men among them who .could read . the weatherI well enough to understand that we'd get no wind that .day, and they wanted to escape } passing another night on board. I selected 4 the oldest sailor to fill the place of mate, and i all day long we wallowed in the ground swell i . without wind enough to flutter a ribbon. I' inspected the bell, and even took it down and hung it up again, but I could make out no reason why itjhould have tolled out the death Skhells of my two officers in that queer manner. ' When the sun went down I knew we should have a breeze at midnight, and I was fully determined to bear up for Rico. We were as you will understand, broken up as .to watches, and you may also guess that, under the circumstances, I did not feel like leaving the deck. The breeze came out of the west, and held the brig up for the island I have named. I went below soon after 11 ,o'clock to consult my charts, and I was just coming on deck again when we got a hard and sudden puff from the southward which made things crack for twenty minutes. There was occasion for-quick work, but none at all for fright, The old sailor was of little use to' me as a mate, and in the confusion I think he deserted the quarter-deck and per haps went aloft with the others. I had neither seen nor missed him, nor do I be lieve that any of us knew the exact time Swithin a quarter of an hour, when the cursed bell suddenly clanged out. At the very first stroke the men set up a mournful howl, and the man at the wheel deserted his post and ran forward. I shouted to him, but he would I not halt, and with a jump or two I had hold of the spokes just in time to prevent a calamity. ' Toll! Toll ! Toll! ' It was the wildest, weirdest sound was ever heard. It. just made the chill creep over me as I counted the strokes. I was then thirty four years of age. Was the bell tolling'for my death After the strokes had passed twenty-five my "heart was in my mouth, as I counted. As the thirty-fourth stroke rang out, a child could have pushed me over. Was that the last No. Toll! Toll! Toll ! came the mournful sound, and I counted up.to forty-three before the tongue ceased to move. I was not the victim. Who was ' When it was plain to the men that the bell had ceased ringing, they came aft in a body.and demanded that the long- boat be hoisted out ac once, and it was with the greatest difficulty that I could getone ofL them to relieve me at the wheel. I could not see that any one was missing, and so I replied to them - "The bell has tolled again, sure enough,l but what of it l. Are we not all here ' ''No, sir,' afiswered one. 'None of us have seen Davidsonfor the last quarter of an hour. . -. S'Davidson was the old sailor who was Iacting as mate, arid we at once began a search for him. I sent men aloft and sent others' below, lft he could not be found. His cap was picked up on the deck, at the foot of the foremast, but as for the man him self, he had disappeared as mysteriously as Sthe others. I was thoroughly beat, sir, but at the same time determined not to give in. I owned half of the brig myself, and a charter which would put hundreds of dollars in my pocket. I did not propose to let the hobgo'olins stand in my way, but I soon found that the crew would. They were bound to leave her at once, and when I started for the cabin to get a revolver to back my commands I was seized and bound hand and foot. 'r It's no use, Captain Day,' said one of the men to me, as he assisted to draw the . lashing. 'rou are a kind-hearted man, and a good aptain to sail with, but the brig has Sbeen given over to the devil, and we won't stop in her. 'And what willyou do ' 'Hoist out the longboat, take water, pro visions and compass and make for the near est land. It is the only chance to save our lives.' 'But I won't go with you.' 'That is for you todecide, sir. If you don't go, then we will leave you in the best shape we can, knowing that we shall never see youd again, 'They went at it and hoisted the boat off her chocks and got her over, working like men who every moment expected to be at tacked from some quarter. They fitted her out, took a square compass and chart from the cabin, and it was within half an hour of daylight when they were to leave. ' Now, Captain Day,' said the sailor who had spoken before, as he came to untie me, we shall be glad of your company. Is it to go or stay 4' 'Stay.' ' Very well, it's a captain's business to stick to his ship to the last. Do not blame us that we are trying to save our own lives. As I said, we will do all we can fer you.' ' By his order several of the sails were taken in, leaving only good steerage way on her. Water, meat, bread, etc., were placed where they could be reached by one standing at the wheel, and I was unbound. ' Men, you will regret this,' I said, as I saw them preparing to go. The chances are that we would sight a vessel by noon.} ' Ay, ay, sir, was the reply, ' But suppose we do sight one and ship new mates, what's to prevent that bell from ringing again and taking off another man ? ' But we are headed for the island.' ' Exactly, sir, but it's two or three days and nights away, and for every night a man must go.' Their arguments were unanswerable. It was a mutiny to save their own lives, as they believed. They spoke respectfully and kindly, and when ready to cast off one of them ob served : ' We ask you again, captain, to come along with us, and leave a craft which the devil has certainly come to live in.' ' No, I can't go.' ' Then it's good bye to you; and God, knows we hope you may pull through all iight. Would you mind giving us a course to steer by.' 'By keeping due north you will rnn. ashore on the island of Hayti.' ' Next morning they were gone, and I was alone on the brig. It was not long to day light, however, and as I held to the north east I could see them far away to the north. An hour before noon a British barque, bound around to Rio Janerio, came up to me. In y addition to reducing sail the men had run up a signal of distress for me, and this brought a boat aboard, to be followed by men eniough to help me work the Osprey into port. SYou must not conclude that I was green enough to tell them the whole story of how I came to be alone. I put it down as a mutiny, saying nothing of the tolling bell and the isingular deaths. Owing to light winds, we were two days and two nights getting up to Rio, but the bell had got through tolling. Not another sound did it utter, except when struck by human hands. 'The crew of the longboat ? Their fate was adding mystery to mystery. They were well fitted out, not more than 175 miles from the coast, and should have run no danger from the weather, but they were neither picked up nor landed. Inquiries were made everywhere for three or four years, hut no living man saw them after they passed out of my sight.' 