[?] To Call Her Mine. |Bt Walter Besant.] Author of 'All Sorts and Conditions of Men,' 'The Revolt of Man.' ' Dorothy Forster,' ?' Children of Gibeon' §c. Chapter II.— (Continued.) The Mate of the ship which had called at New Ireland, was induced to take David on board his vessel and convey him to Queensland, where he could procure a passage to England. ' And now,' said the Baron Sergius, »« I am alone at last, anu can enjoy myseii wuuouxany of that fellow's groans. I never knew before how extremely dis agreeable one single simple murder may make a man.' # + * * That evening the rescued man, David Leighan, sat on the deck with his friend the Mate. They had a bottle of rum between them and a paunican apiece. The island of New Ireland was now a black patch low down on the horizon ; t ho night was clear, and the sky lull of !-tars ; there was a steady breeze, and the schooner was making her way easily and gently across thn smooth water. David ?was oil the island at last, and once more free to return to England, yet he did not look happier ; on the contrary, the gloom upon his face was blacker than ever. ' The Skipper,' said the Mate, 'is drunk again. He's been druuk since we sailed out of port. Don't you never ship with a skipper that is drunk all day long. Once in a way — say of a Saturday night when a man may expect it there' s no harm done; and not much when the fit takes him now and then in an uncertain way, though it may put the men about more than a bit. 'Whereas, you see, the Captain has got the owners' private instructions — those which they don't write down. He knows how far he may go with the natives, and where he's to draw the line. So that if he's always drunk, what is the Mate to do? Either he may take the ship home again and report his own Captain, in which case he makes enemies for life, and may never get a berth again, or he may nil his ship with goods in the easiest way they can be got, which, I needn't tell you, mate, is a rough way. And when he gets back to port what is to prevent some of his men irom rounding on that, mate '! Then all the blame falls on him, and he is prosecuted, because it will be shown on evi dence that the Captain was drunk all the time. Either way, there fore, the Mate gets the worst of it. Sometimes I think it would be best for him to join the Cap tain. Then the command would devolve upon the bo's'n, and how he'd get his goods everybody knows.' The officer was loquacious, and talked on about his trade and its difficulties, not at first observing that his companion, took no in terest in it. ' Seems as if you're sorry you've left the island,' he said presently, remarking a certain absence of sympathy. ''I wish I had stayed there,' said David, with a groan. 'There at least I was safe, except for the— the thing at night ; whereas, if I get back to England, sup posing I ever do ' ? here he stopped. ' if you've done something, man, what the devil do you want to go back to England for ?' ' Because I must. There's ropes pulling me back, and yet there's something that always stops me. I was going home from Brisbane, but the ship was wrecked. That is how I got on New Ireland. Before that, I -was travelling down to Melbourne to get a passage from there, but the train was smashed, and I had three months in hospital and spent all my money. 1 dare say some thing will happen to this ship. She'll run on a rock or capsize, or something.' The mate made no reply_ for a little. He was superstitious, like all 6ailors. Just then the drunken captain began to sing at the top of his voice. It was a sound of ill-omen. The mate shuddered, and took another sip of the rum. 'Man,' he said, ' I don't like it. If the crew had heard them words, they'd have had you over board in a minute. Don't tell me they wouldn't, because they would, and think nothing of it. This is a voyage where we want all the luck we can get; not to have our honest endeavours thwarted by such an unlucky devil as yourself. 'Well, I won't tell them. But keep a quiet tongue in your head. And now go below and turn in.' Later on, the mate was able to him in for an hour. His t-as- senger was sitting up in bed, remonstrating with some invisible pprson. 'lam going home,' he said, ' as fast as I can go. Leave me in peace. I am going home, and I will confess everything.' . The mate asked him what he was doing, but. he received no answer, for the man had fallen back upon the pillow and was fast asleep. He had been, talking in his sleep. ' I'll put him ashore,' said the mate, ' at the first land we make whew he won't be eaten by cannibals. I believe he's committed a murder.' The next day, and the next, and for many days the vessel sailed among the islands of the Southern Seas. But David grew daily more miserable and more despondent; j his face looked more haggered, and his eyes became more ! hollow. He was dismal when sober, and despairing when I drunk. The mate left him now altogether alone, and none ' of the ship's company, who regarded him with doubtful, if not unfriendly eyes, spoke to him. So that he was able to revel in the luxury of repentance, and to taste beforehand, i in imagination, the pleasures of the atonement which awaited him. It proved a most unlucky voyage. They lost two men in an encounter with the natives ; they had no success in trading; the captain continued to drink, and the mate wished devoutly that the cruise was finished and the ship back in port, if only to have done with a voyage which he foresaw would continue as it had begun. The end came unexpectedly. One night the watch on deck were startled by a bright light in the captain's cabin. The light shot into a flame, and the flame leaped and ran along the sides of the cabin and caught the deck and licked the timbers of the ship. The old schooner was as dry as tinder, and caught fire like a piece of paper. In five minutes it became apparent that they must take to their boats. This they did, having just time to put in a little water and some provisions. As to the ! MARY NETB.ERCOTE.-Cha.pteh III.— To Call Hjjk Mm, drunken man who had done the mischief, he came out of the burning cabin and danced and sang until the flames dragged him down. In the fierce glare of the burning ship, the mate looked at David reproachfully, implying that this misfortune was entirely due to his presence. ' Even now,' he whispered, ' I will not tell the men you have ruined the voyage, burned the ship, killed the captain, and maybe killed us as well. What have you done that we should be punished like this for taking you on board ? is it — is it murder?' David nodded his head gloomily. 'Then,' said the mate, 'whatever happens to us, you'll get safe ashore. You won't be drowned and you won't be starved.' Three weeks later there were only (wo survivors in that boat. The other men had all drunk sea-water, and so gone mad one after the other, and leaped overboard in their delirium. Only David Leighan was left with the mate, and they were lying one in the bows and one in the stern, as far apart as the boat would allow, and they were black in the face, gaunt, and hollow-eyed. When they were picked up, the signs of. life were so faint in them that the skipper, a humane person, took counsel witn his mate whether it would not save the poor men trouble to drop them into the water at once. But in the end, as there was just the least and faintest pulse possible, he hoisted them aboard and laid them on the deck, with their heads propped up. Then, the ship having no doctor aboard, he began to administer whisky and rum in alternate spoonfuls, so that the dying men got so drunk that they could no longer die with any dignity. They therefore recovered, and sat up, gazing about them with rolling heads and vacuous eyes. Then they fell back, and went sound asleep tor six hours. At the end of this time the misery of the long fasting began again with paugs intoler able. But the captain rose to the occasion. Pea-soup, also exhibited in spoonfuls, proved a specific. Next day they had boiled pork; and the day after, sea-pie. Now, the man who can eat sea-pie can eat anything. The two survivors of the unlucky schooner were once more well and hearty. For the rest of the voyage the rescued mate kept aloof from the rescued passenger. He would not speak to him ; he avoided that part of the ship where he happened to be. As for the latter, he found a place abaft, near the helm, where he could sit upon a coil of rope, his head upon his knees. And there he remained, gloomy and silent. There was trouble, too. First, the ship sprang a leak, and the pumps had to be worked. Next, there was a bad storm, and the mizen mast went by the board. Thirdly, a fire^broke out, and was subdued with difficulty. However, the ship at last sighted land, and arrived, battered, and shattered, at the port of Sydney. When they landed, and not till then, the rescued mate spoke his mind. | First he went to the houEe of^Hengstenburg and Co., where he presented the Baron's draught, gave news of his safety, and touched the money. He then led his passenger to a drinking saloon, and entered into a serious conversation with him. ' As for this money,' he said, 'you wern't a passenger more than a few davs, and I can't rightly charge you much. Take fifteen, and I'll take five. With fifteen pounds you can get home, which I take to be your desire, and give yourself up, which I take to be your duty.' It will be understood that the unfortunate David in tne extremity of his starvation and remorse had been talking. ' A Providence it is,' said the mate, ' that where so many honest fellows were took, I was spared; else you would never have had this money, and you wouldn't there fore have been able to give yourself up, and you would never have been hung. A clear Providence it is ; and you must regard it as such, and remember it when they take you out, comfortably, with the chaplain and the rope.' David took (he money, rolled it up in a rag, and placed it in his pocket ; but said nothing. ' I don't want,' continued the mate, ' to hurt your feelings ; but if you could go home on a raft by yourself ; or, being a Jonah ? ' ' ♦'What is a Jonah?' 'Being a Jonah, in a whale's belly, it would be kind and con siderate and might save many valuable lives. As for me, I don't mind owning up that if I was to find myself aboard with you again, after all I've gone through, and you carrying about wherever you go an infernal, invisible ghost, :iud talking and confessing- to him every night— I say, if I was to lind myself aboard with you again, I'd got into the dingy and row ashore by myself — 1 would, it it was in the middle of the At lantic Ocean.' . David groaned. Then the mate moralised upon the situation. Strange to say, he took something of the line pre viously taken by Baron Sergius. ' One fine ship wrecked, and all her crew, for aught 1 know, cast away; another tight schooner burnt and the captain and all the crew killed, except you and me ; and a third ship half-burned and brought water-logged into port— and all along of you ! Blow me ! if you'd knifed a Bishop there couldn't have been more fuss made! 1 won't reproach you, my lad, because you've got your ghost to do that every night, and because you've got to face the racket of the chaplain and ithe rope and the long drop; but, considering the mischief youv'e done, I wish to put it to you, that what you've done was a beastly and a selfish thing to do.' Chapter III. THE FIRST DREAM. At half-past 4 oclock exactly Mr. Leighan, of Gratnor, com monly called Daniel Leighan, or Old Dan, or Mr. Daniel, according to the social position of those who spoke of him, awoke with a start from his afternoon nap. Mr. Leighan always took his dinner at 1 ; after his dinner, ho took a tumbler of brandy-and-water hot, with two lumps of sugar and a slice of lemon — as his grand father had done before him, only that the ancestral drink was rum, and the brew was called ' punch.' With the glass of brindyand water he took a pipe of tobacco. This brought him regularly and exactly to half -past 2. He then knocked out the ashes, laid down his pipe, pulled his silk handker chief over his head— whichkept off the draught in winter and flies in summer— and went to sleep till half -past 4, when he woke up and had his tea. This was his way of spending the afternoon. He had never varied that way, even when he was a young man and active ; and now he would never attempt to vary it, for he was old and paralysed ; and he passed his days whollv sitting in a high backed arm-chair, with pillows and cushions at the back and Bides, and a stool for his feet. From 8 in the morning until 8 in the evening he lived in that chair and in that room. There was always a wood fire burning in. the grate, even on Buch a hot summer day as this ; for Challacombe is a thousand feet above the level of the sea, and the clouds roll up the valleys of the Teign and the Bovey from the sea, or they roll down from the Tors and the Downs, and envelop it, so that half the year one lives in cloud. This makes it a damp and trying air, so that the domestic hearth at Challacombe is like the altar of Vesta, being never quenched even in July and August. Old Dan — we all belong, I am sure, to the upper circles, and can, therefore, permit ourselves this familiarity — was now white-haired and advanced in years ; but not bo old as he looked by agoodmany years. His locks were long, but, though certainly impressive, they did not, as in another and a famous historical case, cause him there fore to look benevolent. Perhaps this was because he wore a black skullcap — a thing which, like a biretra, generally causes its wearer to appear bereft of all charity, meekness, tenderness, and brotherly love. A black skull cap is even said to have a really malignant influence as regards these virtues. Perhaps, however, no artifice or invention of science could make that face look benevo were sharpened and stiffened, it must have been a singularly handsome and striking face. It was now a masterful and self-willed face. The nose was long and hooked, the forehead high and narrow, the chin sharp, and the mouth square. Any one of these points may ' indicate self-will, but, taken altogether, they bawl it aloud. If his eyes were open, as they will be in a moment, you would say that they must have been beautiful in youth, when their bright bine was set off by the brown hair; now, after 70 years of greed and avarice, they were hard and keen, but as bright a? ever— even brighter than in youth, because they were set off by thick white eyebrows like a penthouse. Before his affliction fell upon him he was taller than the generality of men. Even now. when he sat upright in his chair he produced the same impression of great height which he had formerly been used to exercise when he stood half a foot or so above any man with whom he was conversing. Great stature, properly used, is a won derful help to personal influence. Too often, however, it is considered as a means of self-advacenment, a jiift clean thrown away. It was not, in short, a i.'oinnion face ?which one looked at in that chair, nor a common figure. Any candid person — that is to say, any man who had never had business rela tions with Mr. 1 .eighan, and might, therefore, be reasonably free from the vindictiveness and rage which blinded the eyes of his tenants, debtors, and dependants — would allow this to be the face of a man originally intended by Nature to make a mark in the great world, if he should get the chance. He never did get that chance, and his abilities had been expended in the interesting and absorb ing, though petty, business of overreaching neigh bours not so clever as himself, extorting the utter most farthing, and adding bit by bit to his pro perty. He was now the rich man of a parish in which there was no squire ; he was the village miser ; he was the terror of those who owed him money ; he was the driver of the hardest bargains ; he was the strong and masterful man ; he was the scourge of the weak and thriftless ; he was the tyrant of the village. He knew all this, and, so far from being humiliated, he enjoyed the position ; ho exulted in the consciousness of his own unpopu larity; he alone in the parish had risen among his fellows to the proud distinction of being univesally detested. Men like David Leighan love the power which such a position means; they oven think of themselves complacently as wolves lying in ambush to rush upon the unwary and to rend and devour the feeble. The girl who sat working at the open window was his niece, Mary Ncthercote. That is to say, the work lay in her lap; but her hands were idle, and her eyes were far away from the sewing. She lived with Daniel, and took care of him. He railed atall the world except her; he quarrelled with all the world except his niece; and those persons who averred that he was kind to her because he had the keeping of her money and took all the interest for himself, and had her services as housekeeper for nothing, were perhaps only imperfectly acquainted with the old man's motives and his feeHngs. Yet the statement was true. He did have the keeping of her money — a good lump of money; and he did give himself the interest in return for her board and lodging; and he did have her services as housekeeper for nothing. I declare that when one considers such a girl as Mary Nethercote, and thinks how helpful she is, how unselfish, how ready at all times to spend and be spent in the service of others ; how full she is of the old-fashioned learning which fills the homestead with the happiness of material comfort ; how little she thinks about herself ; how simple she is in her tastes, and yet how sweet and dainty and lovely to look upon, one is carried away with gratitude and admiration. What, one asks at such a moment, is the wisdom of Girton and Newnham compared with the wisdom of the farmer's daughter ? What, in fact, can the Girton gir make ? Doth she solace the world and profit her kind by her triple integrals ? Doth she advance mankind by her cherished political economy V Mary, for her part, keeps the fowls and ducks ; Mary considers the fattening of the geese and the welfare of the turkeys ; Mary looks after the dairy ; Mary superintends the baking of the whole some and sweet home-made bread under the red pots ; the confecting of puddings, pies, and tarts, and cakes ; the boilingeand skimming and potting of the most beautiful jams and jellies ; Mary con ducts the garden, both that of flowers and that of vegetables — there is, in fact, only one garden, and the flowers flourish in the borders beside the onions and the peas ; Mary directs the brewing of the cider ; Mary keeps the keys, and ' gives out ' the linen ; Mary inspects the washing and the ironing : in short, Mary ' openeth her mouth with wisdom, and looketh well to the ways of her household.' She is up at 5 in summer and at 6 in winter ; all the morning she is at work with her maids ; in the afternoon she takes her needle and sews ; in the evening she plays and sings a little, to keep her uncle in good temper, and sometimes reads a novel for an hour before she goes to bed. This is her life. Sometimes there may be a tea-drinking. Sometimes she will mount her pony and ride over to Newton Abbot, to Moreton Hampstead, or to Ashburton, where the shop -people all 'know her, ana are pkasfld to see hef , fcut mostly, from week to week, she stays at home. As for a summer holiday, that is a thing which has never entered into her mind. The girl- graduate, perhaps, scows the work of the household. I, for my part, do not scorn &e; work of the farmer, whose work exactly corresponds to thatpf Mary. It seems to me a better and a happier life, in apt out of house and barn, and linney, and dairy, in the open «r, warmed by the sun, beaten by every wind that .Wows, ( breathing the sweet smells of newly-turned earth, of hedge The Skipper administered whiskey and rum in alternate spoonfuls.— Chapter II.— To Call Hee Mine. and ditch, and the wild flowers, than any that can be found in the study and at the desk. The maidens of Devon are, we know, fair to outward view as other maidens are, and perhaps fairer than most ; though in so delicate a matter as beauty, comparisons are horrid. Some there are with black hair' and black eyes. These must be descended from the ancient Cornish stock, and are cousins of those who still speak the Celtic tongue across the Channel. But there is talk of the Spanish prisoners who Daniel Leiglian's Dining Room, at Gratnor.-— Chapteb III.— To Caxl Her Minx. had no desire to go home again, but settled in Devon and Cornwall, and became Protestants in a land where there was no Inquisition. Others there are who have brown hair and blue eyes. Mary came of this stock. Her eyes, like her uncle's, were blue, but they were of a deeper blue ; and they were soft, while his were hard. Her hair was a rich, warm brown, and there was a lot of it. When all is said, can there be a better colour for hair and eyes? As for her face, I do not claim, as the Americans say, for Mary th*t she was a stately and statuesque beauty; nor had she the least touch of style and fashion— how should I she have ? But for sweetness, and the simple beauty of ' tegular features, rosy lips, bright eyes, and healthy cheek, \ lit up with the sunshine of love and truth, and coloured i with the bloom of youth, there are few damsels, indeed, | who can compare with Mary Nethercote, of Gratnor Farm. As for her figure, it was tall and well proportioned, full of health and yet not buxom. Need one say more ? Such was Mary in the summer of the year 1886 ; nay, such she is now, as you may see in Challacombe church, where she still sits in her old place with the choir, beside George Sidcote. Many things — of which I am the historian — have happened since the summer of last year; but Mary's place in church is not changed, nor has the bloom of her beauty left her cheek— mauyj things, as you shall learn, with many sur prises and great changes, yet methinks her face is happier and more full of sunshine now than it was twelve months ago. The room in which she sat was low and long : it was an old-fashioned wainscotedroom, rather dark, because it was lit by one window only, and because a great branch of white roses was hanging over the window, broken from its fastenings by the wind, or by the weight of its flowers. It had a south aspect, which, in winter, made it warm ; its chief article of furniture, because it was always in one nlace and took up so much room, was ftlr. Leig han's arm-chair, which stood so that his back was turned to the light. This prevented him from looking out of the window, but it enabled him to read and write and pore over his papers. The best scenery in the eyes of Mr. Leighan was the sight of a mortgage or a deed of conveyance. As for the sunshine outside— the flowers, and the view of hill and vale and wood — he cared naught for these things. There were, besides, two or three ordinary chairs —Mary had never enjoyed the luxury of an easy chair or a sofa — there was a small work table for her 'things,' and there was a really splendid old cabinet, black with age, wonderful with carvings, for which Wardour-street would sigh in vain ; in fact, the reputation of that cabi net had gone abroad, and overtures had been made again and again for its purchase. And the con tents ! Your heart would sink with the sickness of longing only to look upon them. There were old brass candlesticks, old silver candlesticks, brass and silver snuffers and snuffer-trays ; silver cups of every size, from the little christening-cup to the great silver whistle-cup holding a quart and a half ; there were punch-bowls and ladles ; and there was old china — yea, china which would move a collector to sighs and sobs of envy. These things represented mauy generations of Leighans, who had been settled in Challacombe since that parish began to exist. It is now 500 years since their ancestors moved up from the lowlands to the hill sides and combes on the fringe of the Moor. It was about the time when the Yorkists and Lancas trians were chopping and hacking at one another, though no report of the battles came up here for many a month after the event, that the church was built. Civil wars, indeed, never caused any broils at Challacombe : the Reformation found the people obedient ; Queen Mary burned none of them, for they were easily reconverted ; and Queen Bess found them docile to the royal supremacy. The only enthusiasm they were ever known to show was a hundred years affcr Queen Bess's time, when King Monmouth rode across the west country to try his fate at Sedgemoor. One of the younger Leighans, a hot blood, who heard of his landing when at Ashburton on market- day, so far forgot the family traditions as to gallop over to Torquay and shout for the new king, and rode in his train, and did his share of the fighting. More lucky than hi6 companions, he found his way home, and went on farming — 'twas John Leighan of Fox worthy— as if nothing had happened, and nobody afterwards troubled him. In this great cabinet were kept the treasures of all those generations — about 15 in number — who now lie — fathers, mothers, sons, and daughters —in the green church yard of Challacombe. Daniel Leighan, the owner of the cabinet, thought himself a warm man ; but his warmth, in his own mind, consistedof his fields and his investments ; he little knew or suspected how valuable were those treasures in his cabinet. There were pictures on the walls — coloured engravings and mezzotints of the last century. I take it, that Art, in the form of pictures, did not reach the Devonshire farm earlier than the year 1750, or thereabouts. On the mantel- shelf were certain china vases which caused anguish to the critical soulj: they dated from the year 1820, 1 think. Above the vases were old-fashioned samplers in frames, things which mae one babbled of Madame Barbauld, Mrs. Trimmer, and Joanna Baillie. I don't know why — because I never saw any of Mrs. Barbauld's samplers, or those of the A piano stood at the wall laden with songs and music — not, 1 fear, of the highest classical kind, tor Mary's school at Newton Abbot, where she had spent two long years, knew little of classical music. Will Nether cote— I who write this story am that will— sent her the songs from Londdon, and George Sid cote bought her the music at Newton, or at Teign niouth. There was also a shelf of books ; but these were even less successful, from the classical point of view, than the music. For they consisted of novels, also given by this London person, and of pretty books bought for her in their boyish days by George Sidcote, and if we just hint that the leading bookseller of Bovey is apparently— to judge by the works laid out upon his shelves— under the influence of two young men who wear broad hats and flopping skirts, and talk loud as they walk in the streets, and profess a longing to restore Church discipline, you will understand how satisfying to the imagination these books were. Mary reproached herself for liking the works of Mrs. Oliphant, Thomas Hardy, and Wilkie Collins— those quite mundane persons — better than these gaudy volumes. She was dressed for the afternoon in a pink chintz, with a pink-and-white-flowered apron, of the kind which covers the whole front of the dress; round her neck she had a white lace ruffle. All the morning she had been at work about the house and the poultry-yard, yet now she looked as if she had not done a stroke of hard work all dav, so cool, so quiet, and so dainty was she to look upon. Her I hands— not, to be sure, so white and so Bmall as those of a I countess— were brown, but not coarse, and her face (though I she was out in all weathers) was not burnt or freckled. Yet I in her eyes there was a world of trouble. She was troubled I for others, not for herself. She was suffering, as some I women suffer all their lives, from the dangers which hung over aud threatened her lover. You will find out presently that, these were very real and terrible dangers, and that his life, and therefore her's, was menaced with shipwreck, imminent and unavoidable. Daniel Leighan awoke at half-past four. Generally, the waking from an afternoon nap is a gentle and a. gradual process— first, a roll of the head, then a half-opening of the eyes, next a movement of the feet and hands, before full life and consciousness return. This afternoon Daniel Leighan, who had been sleeping quite peacefully and restiullv, awoke suddenly with a cry, and sat upright in his ctuiir, clutching the amis, his eyes rolling in horror and amazement. ' Mary !' he cried ; and then the horror passed out of lii.s iace, and his eyes expressed wonder and bewilderment ouly. The girl, who was sitting at the window, work in hand, was at his side in a moment ?' Mary ! ' he gasped and panted, and his words came painfully. ' I saw him— I saw him— tho man who robbed me. 1 saw him plain— and I have forgotten — I have for a-.jftcn ! It was— oh! I knew iust now— I have forgotten, Mary!' ?' PnHr.npfi. nnr:le: natienr-e.' Marv Datted and smoothed t];c pillows into their places. 'Another time you will re iiiiiubw; you are sure to remember, if the dream onlycomes :i-.'-.iin. Lie down asrain and think.' He obeyed, nud she covered his head again with his silk hnudkoivliief, whii-h sometimes soothes into slumber if the silk is ?oft enough, lie had started from his sleep, as if :-hm£ into wakefulness by the. recollection of something liuniblo and painful ; and his dream had vanished from his memory, leaving not a trace behind. With such trouble did King Nebuchadnezzar awake, to find his dream unintelli gible ; but the terror left— and the foreboding. Mary saw i In; t'.'iror ; but she knew nothing of the foreboding. Yet iicr uncle's inind was'h'lloil with anxious fears springing out ? if :liis yisiuu. She saw the rolling eyes, the clutching of i hi.' chair-arms, und the look of bewilderment ; but she only ihiiught her undo was startled, like a child, in his sleep, .-.lid crying out, like a child, for help when there was no il.-iiir-.'i\ He iay still for a lew moments while she stood Ii.-mup him n lid watched. Then he tore off the handkerchief :.iiil r-.-n up a^ain. '? 11 is quite gone,' he Hnid in despair ; 'I liave lost the i !uc. Yet I saw him — oh! I saw him, clear and distinct -the man who robbed me. Aud while I was going to cry ? mt bis name— just as I had his name upon my lips— 1 si woke and forsrot him.' ' If it comes again,' said Mary, incredulous in spite of her words, ' you will be sure to remember. Perhaps it will ? ?ome again. Patience, uncle.' 'Patience! when I had the clue? Patience! when I i odd follow up the robber and tear my papers out of his biinds. Patience .' — don't be a fool, Maiy .'' ' Well, uncle, if it has gone, and you can't bring it back nirain, try to forget that it ever came :. that is the wisest thing to do. You shall have your tea, and then you will feel better.' 'Mary'— he turned to her piteously— ' it is cruelly hard. Can't you remember? Think. Perhaps I talked in my sleep. Some men do. Have you never heard me say anything — call someone by name? If I had only the least little clue, I should remember.' ' 'Why, uncle, how should I remember ? ' ' It came back to me— all so clear— so clear and plain. And I have forgotten. Oh ! Mary, my money— my money !' ' Yes, uncle. But it is six years ago, nearly, and you have done very well since. And it is not as if you had lost ull your money. Why, you have prospered while all the rest 'have been doing so badly. You must think of that.' VLiOPt ail my money . ue rejjtjuiuu. u»iuy , «i cour.se I've not' lost all. As if a man could bear to lose a ningle penny of the money that he has spent his life hi saving. Bo you know what I have lost, girl?' She knew very well, because he told her every day. ' There were bonds and coupons in the bag to the sum of near upon a hundred and fifty pounds a year— nearly three thousand pounds they meant. As for the share certificates, they didn't matter; but coupons coupons, Mary; do you hear'!1— payable only to bearer— a hundred and' fifty pounds a year— a hundred and fifty pounds a year!— nearly three thousand pounds!' His voice rose to a shriek, and suddenly dropped again to a moan. ' Three thousand pounds ! Payable to the bearer, and 1 haven't got them to present! If 1 were a young man of thirty I might recover the loss; but I am old now, and I -sin never hope to make it up — never hope to make it up nIt was six years since that loss had occurred ; but this wail over the lost money was raised nearly every day, and ill most in thu same words, so that the girl felt little sym pathy now with the bereavement of her uncle. -» '? It was 6 o'clock when I left Ashburton.' The girl had also hoard this story so often that her interest in the it. tails had become numbed. ' Six o'clock when. I started to ride home. I had £70 in gold upon me: £50 in one bii' and £20 in another; my tin box in a blue bag was round my neck, and it was filled with secuiities and bonds and share certificates. 'Better leave 'em here, Mr Leighau,' said Fennell, the bank manager. I wish 1 had ! I. wish 1 had, Mary. But I was head-strong, and would have everything in my own strong box under my own eye. Sn I refused, and rode off with them. At half -past /—it w:is dark then— I rode into Widdicombe. There I pulled up. I well remember that I stopped there and had a glass of brandy and water. It was brandy and water hot ; and tiioy tried to make it weak, but I wouldn't be cheated. And then 1 rode on. I remember riding on. And then— Tbpu' ? At this point he paused, because here bis brain began to wander, and his memory played nun \X Widdicombe, uncle, you must have paid somebody £'.20 and left your bag of papers; and now you can t re lr.cmber who it was.' . _...,. ' No, child, no. I paid away no money at all in Widca combe, except fourpenco for the brandy-and-water. Why should I ? There was nothing owing to anybody, why should 1 leave a box full of securities and bonds in the hands of anyone when I refused to leave them in the bank ? 'Was I ever a fool-hardy person that I should trustanybody with property of that kind?' ' No,1' said Mary. ' It is difficult to understand why vou should do so.' . ' ' The landlady— she's a respectable widow woman, and it's oulv right that she should be near with her brandy she boars me out. She remembers my paying the fourpence ?md riding away. After that 1 remember nothing. Why have I forgotten the ride through the lanes under Honey b-i' ? Why don't I remember passing through Hewedstone Gale to the open down? Yet I remember nothing more. Mind you, I won't have it said in my hearing that I ever 'vave anvbodv anything, or that I left my bag lying about like a fo*ol. 'Yet, when George Sidcote picked me up, the bag was gone, and twenty pounds had gone, too ; twenty ^Vell, but, uncle, consider : you had seventy pounds in gold in your purse, and only twenty were taken, if it bad IW a thief, he would surely have taken the whole, and your loose silver as well as your watch and chain. Why, all those were left.' 'I don't know. Perhaps he thought the bag of papers would satisfy him. How do I know ? W hat made me fdl off the pony ? I never fell off the pony beiore. If I was Balaam I would make that old pony tell me who found me Ivine in the road and robbed me. Fell off the pony!-how in the world did I come to fail off the pony? Iwasnt drunk, girl; nobody ever saw Daniel Leighan drunk. I wish 1 was Balaam-1 wish I was- just for five minutes to have a few words with the pony.' n ,,_ 'You must have given the twenty pounds to somebody . i.i ? i... „,. w;,w;,.r,,r,Tio with the basr of papers. ljV^llS%then\ I felt the bag round my neck when I rode out of Widdicombe-the bag round my neck : and i the money in my pocket. Do yon think I ^^J if 1 had paid away twenty pounds-twenty pounds (.-4o you think 1 shouldn't have taken a receipt, and the bill and tho receipt both in my pocket ? Twenty pounds-twenty pounds '-one -would think the sovereigns grew in the ht^S! tclTbut think: every day you trouble your poor head about it, and nothing comeB of it ; why not try to forget the loss? 'think what a prosperous man you have b^n all your life. Think what your property is now, though you began with only one farm : money in the bank, and money invested and all ; everybody talking about your good fortune. You should be thinking of what you have, not what you have lost.' 'Go on; go on. Easy for a girl like you to talk. There's that difference with' a woman that she only enjoys the spending; while a man' — he heaved a deep sigh and did not complete the sentence. ' Oh ! Mary,' he reached out his long bony fingers and made as if he were raking in the gold, ' to think— only to think !— of the pleasnre I have had in making the money ! It was little by little, not all at once. No, no; I saw my way, and I waited. I laid my plans, and 1 had patience. Be sure that not a field have I got but I worked and planned for it. The world is full of fools— weak men who have no business with property — men without grip; men who just hold on till somebody comes and gives 'em a shove off. Your cousin David was such a fool, Mary.' Mary said nothing. Her cousin David was doubtless a great fool, but people said unkind things about her uncle's conduct towards him. ' If I had not secured his property, someone else would. It is still in the family, which ought to be a great comfort to him, wherever he has gone. George Sidcote is another — w^ll, he isn't exactly a fool, like David ; but he doesn't get on — he doesn t get on. 1 tear very mucn ? ' Uncle, spare him !' ' Because be wsmts to marry you, child ! Is that a reason for interfering with the course oi' business? When the pear is ripe it will drop '.—if not into my mouth, into some other man's. Business before love, Mary.' ' If I could give him my fortune h-; would be out of his difficulties.' ' Your fortune, Mary ? Where is it ? What fortune ? You have none, unless you marry with my consent. Your fortune ? Why, it depends upon' me whether you ever get it. I don't say that I shall never consent. Show mo the right man — not a spendthrift, Mary.' ' George is no Fpendthrift.' *' Nor a sporting aud betting man:' ' George is not a sporting and betting man.' ?' Nor a man in debtr' ' If George is in debt it is not his fault.' 'A substantial man. and one who knows the worth of Mary Netnercote at the open window.^CHAPTEa III.— To Call Hee Mine. money : bring that man along, and we will see. If not well, Mary, lam getting on for seventy, and I can't last for ever, and perhaps— perhaps, I say— I shall leave you my money when I die. You can wait till then. Six thousand pounds is a tremendous great lump to part with when a man is not obliged to part with it. And I am not obliged to give my consent. No.no; and lifter I've lost three thou sand—three thousand ! Besides, you're comfortable here ; what do you want to marry for ? what's ihe good of marry ing? Better stay at home and save money. I give you vour board and your lodging, Mary, while you are hern, for nothing; and your clothing, too,— yes, your clothing.' He spoke as if many young people had to go without. Mary interrupted with a little laugh. ' Yes, uncle, I know.' She laughed, thinking how much her uncle had given her for dress in the last year or two. Now, since a girl may make up her own things, but cannot very well make the chintz, cambric, and stuff iteeif, gossiping people often wondered how Mary managed to dress so well and prettily. Perhaps the fowls helped her, or the ' Well, uncle, but if I do marry without your consent, you will have to give the money to my cousin David.' 'Yes, yes; of course. What's the good of telling me that ? But David i'b dead, no doubt, by this time ; aud then the money must remain with me, of course'— the will did not sav so. ' But you won't do that, Mary ; you'll never be so wicked as to do that. B( sides, if you did, David's accounts with me have never been made up— that is, pro perly made up— and I don't doubt that when we come to look into them it will be found that he owes me a great deal still— a great deal cf moupy still. I was very soft — foolishly soft^with David.' Marv made no reply. Her uncle had been, indeed, soft with David; so soft 'that he hid sold him up and turned him out, and now possessed his land. Mr. Leighan sighed heavily, no doubt over his foolish softness, and became silent. It was not often that he talked so much with his niece. Six years before this, about half past 9 one evening in the autumn of the year 1880, George Sidcote, walking home, found Mr. Leighan lying in the middle of the road on fleytreeDown. His pony was grazing quietly beside him, close to the road, and he was lying on his back, senseless, with an ugly wound in his head, the scar of which would j never leave him. He had fallen, apparently, from his pony, and, as farmers do not generally get such ugly falls when they ride home at night, the general conclusion was that he must have been drunk to fall so heavily, and to fall upon his head. No sus picion of robbery or violence was entertained: first, because no one ever heard of violence at Challacombe ; and, secondly, because he had not apparently been robbed. So, at least* it seemed to those who carried him home, for his pockets were full of money and his watch and chain had not been taken. For three days and three nights Daniel Leighan lay speechless and 'senseless, and but for a faint pulse he seemed de.id. When he recovered consciousness, the first questions he asked were concerning a tin box containing papers which he declared was hanging in a bag from his neck. Now, of that tin box no one knew anything. Presently, when ho counted his money he swore he was twenty pounds short. I am sorry to say that no one believed him. That is to say, there was no doubt that he had taken that box from the bank, because the manager knew of it. But in his drunken fit— people were quite sure that he must have been drunk— he must have dropped the thing somewhere, or put it somewhere; it would be found some day. Time passed on, but that box was not found. And the loss, the inconvenience, and the trouble . resulting from its loss wre frightful. To begin with, there were coupons of municipal bonds and such securities, things only paid to bearer and never replaced if lo&t;, representing investments to the auiount of nearly three thousand pounds. The ?whole of this money, with its yearly interest, gone, unless the box should te found— clean gone. Is it wonderful that Daniel Leighan went mad, and tore his hair only to think of this terrible blow ? Other papers there were, Jshare certificates and so forth, which, could be replaced ^by pay ment of a fee, but the coupons could not be replaced. Their payment could be stopped, but without presentation there was no payment possible. Perhaps it was the agony of mind caused by this loss, perhaps the blow upon his head, which caused the paralysis of hi* legs. This affliction fell upon him a month or so after the accident. Then they put him in his chair beside Us table and propped him up with pillows, and he went abroad no more. But his brain was as clear as before, his will as strong, and his purpose as determined. 'Take your toa, uncle,' said Mary, 'and try to think no more of your horrid dream.' (To be continued.) 