THE CRADOCK GHOST SCARE. [By KI[?]HAM EVANS.] For more than a month the north has been in a disturbed condition on account of a wonderful ghost story which has been freely circulated through most of the newspapers in the colony. I have been informed that upon the approach of Stray Seholtz wonderful rape—sometimes as though a sledge-hammer had struck the wall — were heard, electric shock* felt, and on one occasion *h apparition was seen by the child. These stories spread abont in the neighborhood and lost nothing in the telling. The Rood people of Cradock and Blackrock imagined the devil or some accredited representative was in their midst. 1 heard a> gravely teld description of the spirit of the girl's mether communicating that the child most be allowed two sticks of toffy per day. On Wednesday morn iccr. June 1, my interest in psychical research canted me to leave Adelaide for Blackrock. Arriving there late in tneafternoon I made my way at once to the "disturbed home," and received a kindly reception from Mr. Rode fihirre, who said that Mr. J. A. Jones, the icsidtnt schoolmaster, would take care of me. I wsv plewantJy surprised on approaching tie rchoolhouse to meet a> gentleman well krj<wn aea student of psychical subject*, and with some experience of cases of this kind. If I had wanted any assistance a batter nun could scarcely have been found. He said be bed been experimenting with the child, and although he had not come to a decision he satr nothing to warrant the supposition that the girl was possewed of supernatant powers, Armed with a small tin of flour, some black lead, string, an electric magnet, a bottle of strong ammonia, a ther mometer, &c;, &.c., we again made our way over to the store. It was getting late, and a large number of visitors were waiting to obtain a glimpse of the child, or for an opportunity of looking into the matter themselves. Some bad travelled very long distances, but we decided it would be unwise to admit any, with two ex ceptions—the Eev. Mr. Hancock, of Port Augusta, and Mr. A. Heally, of Blackrock. We saw Sissy, a plain-looking child of nine yean bat tall for her age, at fames full of life and activity, bold and fearless, simple in manner, bat upon entering into conversation with her she showed remarkable cunning, sug gestive of " I know you; yon are laughing in your sleeve?;" a remark which, by the-way, we once heard her make. After a few preliminary preparations we enterrd the child's bedroom at the back of the store, and from a hasty glance £ was convinced that there was nothing of a suspicious character. One or two boxes and a few sundries were all to be seen. In one corner of the room, on a pug floor, the bed was ar ranged, consisting of a mattress and the usual bedclothes. Before calling in the girl—or, rather, when in the store —I ascertained from the father that the only " manifestations" that had ever been witnessed or felt at any of the teances were the electric shocks and the raps. It is important that this should beremem bend, being the sum-total of all the excite ment. In one account it ia stated the spirit of the mother would appear to Mr. Schultz at 12 o'clock at night; but as he informed me it did not appear no importance can be attached to this. We decided before entering the house first to find oct by experiment if the girl w*s really asleep or eliarnrning, and then to ascer tain bow the raps were made. Having stated our chief objects I will now proceed to describe the ftiance, and will then give the result of the experiments and the reasons which caused us to believe the child to be a trickster. Sissy ran into the room fall of excitement, and expressed her willingness to retire. She wag undressed and pat into the bed made on the pug floor. It was a double bed, and when the i child lay in the middle with her arms stretched out ehe could not reach over to touch the floor, but by rolling over to her left tide she could easily tap the floor with her fingers under cover of the beddothee, and in this way ucseen. Strasge—very strange. The child had not shown the slightest sign of sleepiness, and jet in one minute and a half she appeared to be in a deep slumber, notwithstanding the talking going on in the room, and refused to answer when spoken to. By-and-bye she commenced to roll her head about and breathed heavily, the father immediately ejaculating, <? It's coming, put out the light. <T We failed to see why this should be done, but wishing to | give the " spirit" every chance, complied. A? this was bring done I noticed tne child turned over on to its left side, away from us, facing the vail, and stretch out its left arm under the clothe*. Presently very faint raps were heard. Vtientions of an ordinary character were put, and raps received in reply. No question wa? at Ltd Lut what any one in the rxm might bare easily answered or made a good guess at, nevertheln* the "spirit" was not always correct. The raps exactly resembled the tap ping of on.'s fingers on the pug floor: in fact, once or twice I tapped with my own tinger and tapped out the replies, and these r?w were not distinguished from the otters. Undoubtedly tie girl was producing the rap*. Although the lights wtre out the moon shone through the window just snfncieotly to enable as to recognise the fotm, and no rajw occurred except when the was lying in the position already dnccribed. the only potition in fast in which ehe could produce them without fear of detection. On tne nght previous a hammock was improvised and the girl placed in it, but no rape came. A box was now placed near the girl en the bed, but as one end had been black- I< aded she was too cunning to rap upon this. Having convinced ourselves that the rapi were made by the girl we next proceeded to try by experimentif she really was asleep orshamming. I should mention that before this, when the girl was awake, Mr. Jones gave her several doses of ammonia, and thus caused her todread the bottle. Relighting ' the candle we reniark.-d, in the hearing of the child, it would be better to rub the bottle well and make it extra strong. Immediately this w? raid, before we had any opportunity of apply it, she covered her face with her arm. Later on we really did apply the bottle, and she quickly buried her bead. Another time we touched her nose gently with the end of the thermometer, and just as quickly she again buried her bead. At the same time no amount of shouting or shaking had any effect, bat pre sently she threw her arms behind and ap peared to go into a state of catalepsy. Then the drew them in, shaking her hands violently —a very pretty piece of acting. Probably the girl was practiving this when one of your cor respondents said he felt the electric th"ck. No penun in Blackrock, as far as I could as;er tain, tvtr felt any, and certainly on this occa sion we were not favored. We had an electro < magnet to test this, but from questions askdd we concluded the electrical idea was only an imaginary one, and thus these was no need to try it. Your correspondent might perhaps have uMrd the words nervous shocks more correctly. Signs of heavy breathing reappeared, and we were again informed that the knocks were i coming. Mr. Jones lay down between the i girl and the walL I lay on the other side, but I no more raps ; the father told us th<>v would not come while we were on the bed. We tried j other ex]ieriments by making suggestions, and were perfectly successful. These alone would ! have convinced us of the fraud. Mr. i Jones was the originator of these. ' At the conclusion of the seance we expressed our regret that the raps were not more dis tinct : but the father said if 1 would stay another evening he would lay her on a boarded floor, and they would then be much louder. I agreed with turn there, but did not think it necessary to waste another evening. The Umperature of the child's body before going to bed was 87?, during the performance 91?; jiulte regular. The next morning the follow ing document was drawn up and signed: " We agree from the observations of Wednes day, June I.—l. That the child is awake or 1 ttmi-conscious, and we believe ehe shams i asleep. 2. She produces the raps herself with | her band, or any available object, this includ- i ing her own body. 3. Tne raps could be easily simulated. 4. That she is open to suggestions. 5. From the observations we made on this particular night we don't feel justified in imputing to any person in the room the charge of collusion with the girl.—W. EL Jones, Kikkhau Evans, Blackrock, June 2, 1887." As stated before, Mr. A. Heally, the Blackrock correspondent, whose reports have appeared in the newspapers (I believe the only reports ever sent from Blackrock), was present, and as tbe result of an interview afterwards the following was prepared:— " Mr. Heally stated that he had never at any of the previous seances witnessed anything rr.ore extraordinary than that witnessed by him in our presence on the evening cf June L —W. H. Jones, K. Evans." Mr. H. A, Stanley, of Petersburg, sends the following letter:—" Petersburg. June 2. Mr. K. Evans —Dear Sir—Mr. Williams, of the Petersburg Hotel, and Mr. Opie, police trooper here, wish me to write yon, etatiiig they are prepared to swear that they heard the child whispering, atd also that they are confident in their own mind that the thing is an imposition, and any assistance they can give you by m airing a statement as to what they heard and saw during their visit they will only be too happy." We have abundance of other evidence confir matory of the foregoing, bat believe enough has been written to convince any intelligent persons that the "Cradock scare" is no longer a mystery. It will probably be asked—What is the motive ? This lam not prepared to say, but do know that many extraordinary decep tions have been carried on by people with no apparent motive but to attract atten tion. Again, some may ridicule the idea of bo young a child being capable of such fraud. I have been connected with several similar j cases where children of tender years have i carried out the most deliberate frauds. For 1 instance, tbe Shropshire mystery in 1883, A ; child scarcely any older than this one caused j buckets to move abont and upset. Goal tuun- j mere bolted and domestic ntanrils moved abont when the child came near; a hymnbook jumped off the table: bricks and dirt flew about the house; and I heard a report, actually credited by tbe farm yokels of Westoa, Iral lingfield, that upon Emma Davies going into the yard four pigs stood upon their heads arid eaog the National Aotbrnn (vide Liver pool Mercury of November 16, 18-3, snd the principal English papers). The girl confessed afterwards to Dr. Oorke and others that she had caused all thi? by trickery, and showed how she did the tricks. So much for the so called Oradock ghost mystery, which has disturbed the repose of a vide district for an entire month. The credulous rustics have nnconsciousljr invented most of the ridiculous tales, scaring them selves with imaginary terrors. And now, as Mr. Kodeghiere, in reply to one of your cor respondents, offered to give the sum of £5 to any person who would give a satisfactory solu tion of the matter, if he is still prepared to do co, I shall have much pleasure in naming to him several asylums where victims of similar frauds are now confined, and who are in need of help. 