Thb subject- uppermost in the minds of most men j ust now is that of mines, the fluctuations ofshare prices, and the general development of the mineral resources of Queensland. The wonder is therefore, seeing that the subject of the acquirement of the most pre cious of all metals is most cer tainly the leading topic of conversa tion and the leading attraction to colonial and English investors just now, that nothing is done to further in a special degree, this great interest. Of all the influences to the advance of Queensland commercially, that of mining at the present time takes the lead, and as far as actual production is concerned is far and away ahead of both agriculture and railroads. In dealing literally and elaborately wita some Australian facts, in a paper on the world's 'Gold and silver pro duction in the past and present,' before the assembled wisdom of the Geological Survey of England and Wales, Mr. Trophey made some very pertinent remarks. He considered that by rights Queensland should rank next to Victoria as the most important gold-producing colony of Australasia. Only a slight fall in Australia's and America's produc tion of gold would, however, it was shown, bring Russia well to the lore again. In speaking of the Queens land gold prospects— ' 'a matter which h?s of late so materially affected New South Wales trade — and so wonder fully tended to improve it.' ' 'Queens land is, next to Victoria, the most important British gold-producing colony, and it is of especial interest because the yield of gold is now increasing. In 1867 the yield was under 50,000oz.; in 1868 it rose to 165,000oz. ; varied till 1873 (195,00007..); aud then suddenly rose to 3T5,000oz. in 1874, attaining to its maximum of 391,5150/.. in 1875. This sudden rise was due to the rush to the Palmer goldfield, and to the rich alluvial ground there worked. The yield fell gradually to 212,788oz. in 1883 ; it rose to 307,804oz. in 188 ' ; and to ,310,941oz. in 1885. Queens land is now essentially a quartz gold field. In 1880 the Palmer and other ailuvial districts had declined in yield ; that from quartz had in creased : so that about 65 per cent, of the total yield was in that year quartz gold. In 1885 the Charters Towers and Cape River gold-field alone produced 43-6 per cent, of the ?total yield ; the Gympie goldfield 28 8 per cent.: these are now almost entirely qu5irtz fields. The Charters Towers field is especially important. In 1883 its yield was 69,555oz.; jn ?1884, 109,325oz. ; and in 1885, iL3£;6$0oz. The amount of gold in the quartz is also increasing as the veins are followed iu depth. In the Mi'lier days of mining it was from l?oz. to 1 j oz. per toi; it is nov? close upon 2oz. Queensland is al'o remarkable for the Mount Morfc.au goldfield, where the gold occurs, impregnating a mass of ferruginous rock and an iron- staiued silicious sinter, which, with the °;oid, is sup posed to have been deposited by geyseriau actio'i. The mass is worked as an open quarry. It contains on an average 7oz. of gold per ton, the haematite coataius .'-iloz. the sinter lOioz., but only about one-half of the gold present cau be extracted. The tailings are stored for future treat ment The Mount Morgau gold is the purest known, its value being £4 4s. Sd. per oz. In all other native gold silver is the chief accompani ment, but iu the Mount Morgau gold there is only a very minute trace. The gold from Mount Morgan does not figure in the Queensland official returns, it being sent direct to the mint at Sydney.' Further on he continued — ' As regards Australasia, the general result may be stated as follows : — Although Victoria still holds the fit '-t place and may do so for some years to come, there is some probability of it being deposed from this honour in favor of Queensland, the vein gold from which is increas ing in amount, aud is likely to do so still more. With a probable increase in New Zealand, and much placer gold still unworked in Victoria, it is likely that the total produce of Aus tralia will, for some time to come, not fall below £5,000,000 per year. A fact of some interest and not yet explained, is the decrease in the fine ness of Australian gold as, we pass from south to north, due to the in creased amount of silver iu it. The same thing occurs iu New Zealand. This generalisation, however, does not hold iu North Queensland. Apart, from the Mount Morgp.u deposit, which is remarkably pure aud is in every way exceptional, we find that the gold in North Queensland is finer than that in the south ot the colony.' This then is the opinion of English critics of the gold-producing power of Queensland as opposed to the world, aud yet iu spite of all this we have a mines department annexed, nay, wrapped up in, aud almost, ignored by the works department. The Minister who handles (lie port folio over our works and miues, has already proved himself an incom petent' Minister for Lauds, with an affection for his relatives who, we are happy to say, are pretty well all now in comfortable positions. What a shocking thing it is therefore that this gigantic mining interest, of ours which is considered by the world to have an influence iu itself should be in the hands of a man whose soul is not above the cousideratiou of the welfare of his sisters, his cousins, and likewise his aunts. What we want is something beyond an incom petent noodle to guide aud encourage mining in our colony, and sinee Mr. C. B. Dutton is determined to hang on to office while the Griffith Ministry has a ghost of a show of existing, would it not be better to establish a new portfolio— that of Mines — and give the mining interest a chance of extricating itself from the almost fathomless depths of stupidity into which the hapless but important concern has passed. It is high time that prospecting was encouraged and all inducement offered for the dis covery of new fields. The way in which the Government ignore private energy as applied to raining is a disgrace to a community which de pends on mining almost for its existence. 