rai Jfettif. [NOW ÜBST PUBLISHED.] A GAME OF CHANCE BY ELLA J. CURTIS. (BBTBLEY BJUTB), Author of " The Favourite of Fortune," "AI for Herself," "His Last Stake," Ac., tc [THE RIGHT or TRANSLATION IS RESERVED] CHAPTER MIL-MRS. ERSEINE DISCUSSES THE CHANCES or THE GAME. Mrs. Erskine was alone in the drawing-room when Walter Duncombe came in. Something in the expression of his face alarmed her, and she started np to meet him with a very white face. ««What is the matter ?" she cried, "you look as if you had seen a ghost." " I saw something much worse than a ghost) you know the-the man we were talking of just now?" " Good heavens I" and (he staggered back into a seat, " You do not mean to say that the man who was watching as was-waa-" Bhc stopped abruptly as if choking. "Yes," be answered. "It waa George Pottinger. I did not recognise him, he is so altered ; but he knew me wall enough." " And what-what do yon think ? Is he in his right mind ?" " Yes-I think be is sane enough as far as that goes ; but it would not take much to set bim off again. I asked if he saw the lady who was with me, and if be knew who she was 7 He said he had not seen your face, so I told him you were Mrs. John Erskine." "Ob, do you think that was wise ? What did be say?" " Well, he got rather excited, and said he wished he had known," " But did he not mention Bostitnr ? Did he ask if she was here ?" " Ile seems to know she is not with you now." Luscombe answered, " And he re- membered suddenly who I Waa, and worked himself up into a rage, and accused me of having tried to take his wife from him ) Now, SB I never saw her after she became Mrs. Pottinger, until the day she came to the Her- mitage, I was able to give him the lie ! I. wish be had shown fight, aa I could than have given him a rap on the bead that would have floored him ; But he didn't 1 he got cowed at once when I gave him a shaking. "Well, what happened then? I am sure you are hiding something." " Opon my soul I am not I. I have nothing to hide. I said you should hear that I had seen him, and I desired bim not to attempt to come here worrying you. I do not think he will ; be said he was on bis way to Stilling fort, -to look for his wife, and you may be very sure I «aid nothing to stop him, or to put him on her track." " And when he leaves Stillinpfort ?" "He says he has got a good place; I did not ask him where." "Ide not think it would be a bad plan," said Mrs. Erskine, after a pause, " to let him and BosBitur meet, if if could be managed." " I think I could manage it," Duncombe answered, " but it might not be so easy to get her away from him again. It might take more time, you see than we could spare," he added, as he seated himself besides her, "and that would be ruin. No, my dear. Take my advice, and do not let him get on ber track if yon can help it ; but if be should stumble upon her by accident-" "Well. Whatthen!" " He must be got rid of at all hasarda 1 Shut op for life in an asylum, if there is no other way. As long as he is at liberty there is no security for her, unless she is wise enough, as I have so often advised, to go out of England. " I am weary of the very sound of her namel You do not know how I hate lt, Walter !" and Mrs. John broke down suddenly, into hysterical sobs, "yon were right in what you said to me just DDW; I am losing all my ' courage, and the thought that that man may come here any moment, and foros'me tb see him, ie killing me) What am I to do? Oh -what am I to do ?" He put bis arm round her and drew her to bim. Do what I have so Often asked yon to do. Come away with me to night-to-morrow 1 We can be married in London, or abroad ; you would like to send a certificate of the marriage to the people here. Otherwise well.you know. Or, let me tell Sir John that we are engaged, and want to be married as soon, and as privately es possible. You can make your short widowhood the excuse for a very private marriage. Why do yon hesitate ? I give you my word of honour as a gentleman, that if, in twenty years hence, that-" " Oh, hush I" she' cried imploringly. " I do not doubt you, but I dare not consent; 1 Something seems to hold me back I The announcement of the marriage will get into the newspaper, and will be read-everywhere ! And then-and then-" " That argument will apply any time within the next ten-or the next forty years 1" he said, impatiently. " And in a game of chanoe like ours, we can but play our beat I And I think.my dear, all things considered, I deserve better treatment at your hands." He withdrew his arm from about her, and got up looking burt and angry. " Yes ; I repeat it. Far better treatment. It is not every man "I know-I know;" ehe interrupted, " You mean it is not every man wno would have taken a hand in such a game I But, after all, you have something to win ; and I have lived long enough in the world to know that if a man takes a fancy into his head, he will go through tire and water to gratify it t And a woman too; for that matter 1 But re- member, I have something to think of besides the gratification of either love or liking ; and, unless I am driven into another course, I mean to remain Mrs. Erskine, while that man lives. If I lose one game, I must try and win the other." «' I quite understand your play;" he said. " But does it not occur to you that there may be limits to my patience?" " I cannot help it. I am not fool enough to suppose that, ult suited yon, you would not give me up to-morrow 1 I do not think you would play me any shabby trick !" she added looking at him with rathera poor attempt at a smile ; and, as he passed before her, (he wa« walking up and down the room) »he pnt out her hand to take his. "Ah I You give me credit for that much honour and honesty !" he said. '* Yes- and I love you too !" he added, as he knelt beside her and caught her hands in his. " You are the most beautiful woman I ever saw." " And if my beauty is to last, I suppose I must not worry too much about that mad- man 1" ehe answered with a hard little laugh. " Here is Aunt Louise ; and that odious little Masham woman is with ber !" she added. " Do not let them find you here-go out by that open window and come round ; you will find us at tea." When the two ladies came in, they found Mrs. John alone. She was leaning back in ber chair ; ber eyes were closed, and ber arms hanging limply down. " foor dear !" exclaimed Miss Lambton, " she h«B fainted again !" But the attack was a very slight one ; it had passed away before the restoratives, hurriedly sent for by Miss Lambton, arrived. « I was walking in the wood with Mr. Duncombe and a man frightened me," she explained. "I must talk to Sir John about it.fi And the same evening after dinner she asked Sir John to come to her in ber own, sitting room. She and Duncombe had hid a hurried consultation just before be went away, and it was agreed between them that Mrs. John was to tell her father-in-law of the appearance of Pottinger. " I think I ought to speak of him as an escaped lunatic," she say I am terrified at the bare idea of seeing him." " I hope you do not feel UL, my love," said Sir John in his anxious fussy manner, as he hurried Into Amy's room and sat down ' beside her. " I was quite frightened when I found you were not coming to dinner ; and Louise telk me you had a «light attack of faintness In the afternoon. Toa look very poorly, my darling. Quite fagged 1 That's -what it is ; faEged! I «080601 you want bracing 1 I wish I had thought of asking those London doctors what they thought of sea air for you ! We will send for Sumner, he's as cleveras any of them, and ask him what he thiüksof a month at Scarborough, by and bye." " I do not care for the sea very much," Mrs. John answered. " I get so tanned ; but I dare say Scarborough would be very nice for a change. But do not let us talk about it now, please ; I have so muoh to say to you dearest Sir John I I suppose you have noticed that Walter Duncombe has been with ns a great deal lately, and I should like to be the first to tell you that he wants to be my little Jacky's step-father some day I" "The boy's step-father I" cried Sir John. " Good heavens, Amy I You do not mean to say you want to marry again !" " Oh dear, no 1 Mot for a long time, of course. My poor Jack is not quite a year dead yet ; but I could not say no to dear Walter, could I ,e is so fond of me, and so-so-well-so anxious to be married ! But I told bim everything depended upon you, and that he must be patient and wait for a while. But yon will let us be happy by and bye will you not, dearest Sir John ? There was such a lump in the poor old man's throat that he could not speak at once. " I never thought of such a thing I Never !" he blurted out. "I-I don't approve of second marriages, and I cannot say that Duncombe is a man I like. Not that 1 know anytbiDg against him." ho added hastily, afraid ot having given needless pain, "and if your heart is set on it, my dear girl, I must give in, of course ! I mast not let my old fashioned prejudices stand in the way of your happiness! But yon will leave me the boy! Won't you, Amy !" "Of course! Of course," and she squeezed lib hand. " He ought to be yours ! And dearest papa John, you will not take my little fortune from me when I marry again, will you 7 I know my beloved Walter does not want or expect anythiug with me, but I should like to have something of my own." " My darling ! It delights me that you look upon me as a father. Do you think I could oe such a shabby wretch ! My son's widow must not be dependent upon any man. You shall have your jointure for your life, my dear ! Do not be uneasy ! I believe my pet bas been fretting about it all this time." " No, no, dearest Sir John ! Yes-papa, if you wish it," and she threw her arms round his neck and kissed him. " It was only this very day that Walter proposed to me, and I want you, please not to speak to bim about our engagement just yet, for nothing is settled, it is a very different thine that is worrying me, and I want you to help me. You know that dreadful woman Rossitur, my former moid, married darling Jack's soldier servant, George Pottinger, and he went mad, poor wretch, the day my blessed angel was killed at the Palo match. Yes ; you know all that. Well, he has been dis- charged from the asylum, or else he has escaped ! (please, do not say a word until I have done) for I am sure he is as mad as ever -Ob 1 do please let me finish. I hear he is going about every where looking for Rossitur, and I am so afraid of seeing him 1 Mad peuple have such an effect upon me ! You bave no idea what it is." " But, my dearest girl, be h not mad now. I assure you be is not ! Why I have just-" " But I am sure he is, and if he comes herc worrying me about Rossitur, I don't know what will happen." " He will be satisfied when he knows you can tell him nothing." "But when he gets one of those mad fits, he always says I am his wife?" cried Amy. " He nearly frightened me to death in Simla ! I shall never forget it. Tried to drag me off with him 1 It took three men to get bim away from me ! He was perfectly mad, of course, but if it happened again it would kill nie, I know it would. Could yon not have him shut up again !" " But be is coming here next Tuesday !" exclaimed Sir John, driven to his wit's end. " And he is as sane as I am I He will not take you for bis wife !" " Coming here on Tuesday-to this house I What do you mean 1" and Mrs. John turned a white startled face and frightened eyes upon her companion. "Do yon mean that you have engaged him as a servant !" " He is. coming here as my own man 1" answered Sir John; his voice high pitched with excitement. As he Bpoke, his daughter-in-law fell back on the oouoh in a dead faint, and he rushed to the bell, and rang it violently t CHAPTER LXHX-MRS. ERSKINE HAS HER WA* The whole house was speedily in a com- motion. The maid- servants came dying up- stairs in answer to the vociferous ringing of the bell; Mies Lambton followed, looking scared and anxious ; Sir John' gave a dosen contradictory orders in a breath, and a groom was sent off for Dr. Sumner. Less courtly sud more suspicious than his London brethren, he rather bluntly hinted that tight lacing might have something to do with these fainting fits as Mrs. Erskine's heart and lungs were in a perfectly sound condition ; but he acknowledged that there was probably some mental anxiety at work also. He also prescribed avoldanoe of fatigue «nd worry ; plenty of fresh «lr and cheerful society. And to Sir John's surprise he wound up by giving his opinion that life in the country was perhaps too quiet and monoton- ous for the {«tient. " You should have stayed in town a little longer," he said. " A strong, healthy young woman like yon, could bear any amount of balla and theatres with- out feeling the worse for them. I should say dancing was very good for you." "But Sir Blank Dash and Sir Dash Blank both ordered her out of London at once," cried Sir John. "It was killing her, they asid." "Tben.ofcourselam wrong," Dr.Sumner replied, blandly. " But let her have as much amusement and variety asyouoan ; and, dare I say auch a thing to a woman of fashion, an inch or two more round the waist." " What a coarse, horrid creature," Mrs. John exclaimed, as soon as he was gone. " Why did you send fur him, dearest Sir John ? Suoh men never understand a deli- cate organisation like mine. I have been subject to these attacks ever since that un fortuùatë man went mad when my poor darling was killed, and they will pass off as soon as I am happy again." " My darling girl ! I hoped you were happy at the Chase," said poor Sir John, plaintively. " I am sure I have done my very best to make you so." " You have indeed, .tear Sir John. Have I ever reproached you with any shortcomings ? Perhaps I ought to have fought against tbe thought of any new happiness apart from you and the dear Chase, but we cannot always command our feelings, can we ! And al- though, of course, as an officer and a gentle- man, Walter Duncombe never allowed him- self to utter a word that your eon's wife mieht not listen to, I knew that he admired me in India, and now that I am free -" Airs. John pressed her handkerchief to her eyes and gave a little sob. " My dear ! My dear I do not agitate yourself ! You know I would not for the world stand in the way of your happiness ; but I hope you will allow the question of marriage to stand over until my hoy ha?, been a year dead. It is not too much to ask, I think, under thc circumstances." " But I cannot have that man, Pottinger, here," she exclaimed suddenly, "It was what you said about him that npset me. I could not sleep if I knew he was in the house. Oh, dearest Sir John ! If he comes I must go away at once. Nothing would induce me even to see him ! I must marry Walter, and get him to take me abroad." " My dear girl 1 My dear Amy ! Pray be calm. Do you for one moment suppose that I want to drive you ont of my bouse ! What is Pottinger to me compared to you, my darling 1 I shall write at once and tell him I have changed my mind about employing him. If I scsi htm . cheque for ? quarter's «ese* it will be ell right" " I wish you conlrlpersuade himtoemigrste. Perhaps if yon offered to pay his passage he would goto Australia or America. " But, my dearest girl, I have no right to dictate to the poor fellow. Depend npon it he does not wish to leave Kngland ; he wants to find his wife and child, and to make a home for them, I suppose." " Rossitur will never live with him," said Mrs. John, decidedly. "Never. He need not think of it, and if really wants to find her be had better go ts London. You do not know, perhaps that she bas been persecuting Walter Duncombe to engage her as house- keeper ? She went to him at the Hermitage, and he had the greatest difficulty in getting rid of her." " Then he knows her address, I suppose. Why not get it from him, and let me send it to Pottinger ?" " He would not give it to me, and I do not wish to know it," replied Mrs. John, peev- ishly. " I take no interest in Bossitnr since she treated me so badly ; but still, I could not answer it to my conscience to put that mad man on her track. I believe he will kill her some day." "Oh, no! He is not mad enough for that I hope. Your nervous state makes you ex- aggerate a little. And now, my dear girl, I think you ought to get to bed and have a good sleep af ter all this excitement." "And you will write to that man to- morrow." " Without fail, my darling. Good night," The events of the evening were duly com- municated by Mrs. Erskine to Walter Duu combe. " Only fancy," she said, " if Pottinger had come here belora I knew anything of it. I tried to persuade Sir John to get him to emigrate, but he sees no necessity for it." " But it will be all right now as he is not coming, and I am afraid you are taking the matter too seriously, H you had anyone in the world to deal with except that simple un- suspicious Sir John, he would ask why you worried yourself about that woman and her husband-" " But I told him my reason," interrupted Amy. " I said I was Bure Pottinger was still out of his mind, and that in his mad fits he always took me for his wife." " Oh I that ÍB all right. My own opinion, but I am afraid you will not agree with me, is that you ought to let him come here. He would probably go raving mad in a week, and then he could be ehut up-for life 1" " Oh, it would be too dreadful I I could not bear it. I am perfeotly certain I should break down at the last moment I If I could carry it through with a high hand it would finish the thiog for ever, as far as he is con- cerned. Ijwish now I had stayed in London ; I am afraid to go out lest he should be prowl- ing about." "Ul find him in the grounds I'll make short work of him," ssid Duncombe, "but I do not think he will come here," The day but one after Sir John's promise to his daughter-in-law that Pottinger'a engage- ment ehould be cancelled, Otway went to his wife's room after breakfast with a letter in his hand. "Look here," be said, "I suppose this is Amy's doing. Your father writes to say that he will not have Pottinger for a valet after all 1 He does not think it is safe to have a man in the house who hos been in the lunatic asylum. He hos written to him to the address he gave in London ; and enclosed a cheque, and he asks me to find out if the poor fellow is there." " And why do you think Amy has anything todo with itt" " Because, for eome reason or other, I think she is tn mortal dread of that woman Rossitur, and Pottinger being ber husband, she may be afraid of bim too. I cannot tell, of course, why she should be afraid, unless Rossitur, has some hold over her ; and it seems to me most unaccountable that Walter Duncombe should be making love to your sister-in-law, and keeping up communication with Rossitur as well. " But are we sure that Amy knows of his meetings with Rossitur ; that is, if he doeB meet ber ?" " It is impossible to say what she knows and what ehe does not know. If she is the dupe of Duncombe and Rossitur I am sorry for her ; if they are all playing into one ' another's banda and throwing dust into your father's eyes, I am sorry for him. I confess her motive is a mystery, but that there is something behind, I am convinced. It was not on account of ber health alone that she left town so suddenly ; I believe she was afraid of meeting Rossitur." " I have bad news from the Chase, this morning too," said Letty. "Aunt Louise tells me that Walter Duncombe has proposed to Amy, but papa will not allow even a formal engagement until poor dear Jack is a year dead ! They will not have more than a month to wait. She does not say anything about Pottinger, but Amy bad a very bad fainting fit the evening before last." "I do not believe in those faintingfits," said Otway. " Paps sent for Dr. Sumner, and be said the country was too dull for ber, and that she ought to have stayed in London." "We had. better send her an invitation to stay with us for the rest of the season." said Otway. " What do you say Ï" He was in jest, and Letty knew it ; but she answered quietly, "If you wish it.'' , " You are very compliant my dear child I" (how Letty hated to be called his dear child), " but I think you forget that, if I am master of this house, you are mistress." ' ''But I Bbould not presume to interfere with your wishes." " It is very good of you to say se, but I am in the happy condition of a man who has no wishes. I nave lived to see the futility of cherishing hopes of any kind, and to recognise the wisdom of living without them." " And have yon no hopes to live for now ?" she asked, half involuntarily. " None worthy of the name. I am bring- ing out a reprint of the Essays I contributed at various magazines, but I cannot even hope that it will set the Thames on fire. May I have the honour of presenting you with a copy of it ss soon as it appears ?" "Thank you-if you have one to spare, ehe answered, indifferently. " I have no doubt there will be one to spare By the way, have you gent out ult the invi- tations for-our dance, yet? Mrs. Ogilvey told me last night she bad not got one. I hope you have not forgotten her," " Your hopes are not ali dead, you see," Letty answered. " But you may sot your mind at ease ; the invitation was postei late last night." " I know she is not a favourite of yours," Otway began. " ii my favourites only were asked to the dance, it would be a very small one," Letty interrupted, quickly, " and I am very glad to ask yours. Will you kindly allow me to read papa'e letter?" "My experiment ÍB a failure," be said sadly, to himself as he went down- stairs. " And Caroline's perception is st fault ; she hinted ta me last night that my wife loved me, and I think Bhe dislikes me more and more every day. It was strange, but true. All the better part of Mrs. Ogilvey's nature had been aroused hythe eight of Letty's too evident unhap- piness ; with a woman's instinct she guessed the canse, and after a short struggle with her- self, she resolved if possible to act the part of good genius to the man who had always been her true friend, by opening his eyes to the fact that bis wife loved him. (Tobe continued.) 