Moot Points. The desire to have one's name immortalised is a very harmless form of ambition. Please note that we do not say that the desire to immortalise one's name is harmless. That may, or may not, be. It all depends on the turn it takes. But it is really very difficult to find any harm under any circumstances in the desire to have or get one's name immortalised by some one else. Of the two olasses of men who desire their names to be famous, those who do their own immortalising and those who get it done for them, the latter are oertainly the more generous, as their sole wish is that their names may be given to something cl.c. It is for that reason, chiefly, that we liko to see them encouraged, and that we heartily approve of the spirit which dictated a reoent announce ment in some of the Southern newspapers in connection with a projected exploring expedi tion in the interior of Australia—which an nouncement was to the effect that sub scribers to the funds of the expedition whose donations were conspicuously liberal would be "remembered in the map." We do not recollect ever having seen this bait for. contributions held out before, but it is certain that the deviser of it had considerable know ledge of human nature, there being a large proportion of the well-to-do who are in a quiet way extremely ambitious of being "remembered in a map." But, however much we may admire the spirit of the thing, we are none the less persuaded that thiß announcement is an iuva-ion of public rights. The privilege atjsumed by private persons of giving names to localities, or geographical feature, of the earth's surface, has only to be examined into to see that it is an impudent usurpation. Why should the grandchildren of the present writer, and their grandchildren after them, be com pelled to live at Muckerville simply because old Mucker, the recently- retired manure depositor, gave £50 last week to a certain exploring expedition ': Ha* a inun a right to aulict our posterity, and perhaps to lower the value of their allotments in an otherwise unexceptionable health resort, by stamping his name into their address for ever, for the consideration of a few paltry ooinsP It is a moot point whether the earth's surface does or does not belong by natural right to the paople, but unquestionably there should be no private tight in its nomencla ture. We aire of opinion that the Govern- Vnen-ts of tjie Australia*- colonies Bhould unite \o prevent the above propb_ai being Carried out * bry at all events, that they should insist on niVing All names proposed to be given to localities or geographical features submitted for the approval of tho State. A paper which was read at the latest meet ing of the British A__ocia.ion by Dr. J. Milner Fothergill, on " Tho offect of town life upon the human body," has attracted considerable Attention', -6in6 of the opinions therein ex pressed being of audi interest as to be even tUarn_ing. Among other observations is the following, which especially fills us with fore boding :—" Tho dulorioration of town popula tions oan bo seen to bo a reversion towards an earlier and lower ethnic form. While the resi dents in the country"—(ho is speaking of Eng land, but there is uo reason why what he -says should not apply here) —" remain Anglo-Dane., town-dwellers approach the smaller, darker, Oelto-Iberian race.'' This is ru _lly too dread ful. As we sco nothing bofore v. but to go on living and bringing up our family in town, it remains that wo must do so under the terrible consciousness that we aro daily revert ing towards an earlier and lower racial form. We had an idea that we wero living np to all the privileges of an advancing civilisation, instead of which it turns out that by the very faot of our choosing to live in tho centre of our country's life and society we are insuring the degradation of ourselves and our posterity. All this ar.ay of State sohools, grammar sohools, museums, royal sooieties, and so forth, Is, it appoars, only a portion of a huge apparatus for converting us into Celto laerians. This is really a torriblo fate, after so auspiciously starting as Anglo • Danes; for, when we consider how large an element of Iberian origin there is in tho population of the south of Ireland, it is just as muoh as to _ay that we, town-English, are gradually turning Into Irish 1 Woll, if such is the oase, there is nothing for it but to meet our fate like men— that is to say, to look it in the face. And when we .do so, it does not seem so very bad after all. For, when you come to think of it, the foroe of Dr. Fothergill's statement lies in the very 000 l assumption that the Colto- Iberian race is neoessarily inferior to tho Anglo-Danish. This ia the biggest insult to Ireland that we have yet seen. It is only another way of saying that when the Englishman becomes deterio rated through a few generations of town life he reverts to the Irishman. We are astonished at the quiescence of our Hibernian fellow-sub* jeets under this shocking insinuation. We oan only explain it by supposing that they do not understand tho drift of Dr. Fothergill's ob servation. If that is so, perhaps it may be as well not to make his meaning any clearer, otherwise we may hear of the poor doctor's thesis being replied to by material arguments of the usual peculiar Celto- Iberian character. Sfar Henry Parkes has created some surprise by ooming forward as the advocate for woman's rights, and liko other people we should like to know more about ihe motive that prompted hi in to refer to the matter just when he did. Of courso it may be said that he only wishes to complete a system which he admits is now imperfect. He proposes to re model the electoral isystom so as to afford greater security against abuses of all kin_B, to facilitate the exerciso of tho franchise, and to recast the constituencies so an to bring out the real opinion of the country in the result of the poll. Bat how is the real opinion of the oountry to be u_cctt-incd? That is the rub. Bir Henry's an. wer id prompt enough—"By giving the electoral franchise to women," he •ays. There is nothing now in the idea, and only the other day a prominent Minister in New Zealand proposed to pass an Act in that oolony for tho vory sumo purpose; while in Viotoria there has boon a sooiety for some time whose object it is to secure this olaim of womankind. Howover, Sir Honry Parkes'. reasons are not o very -day reasons ; he is a man of the world who i. tolerably well acquainted with human nature, and it may bo that, like Sir Julius Vogol, ho desires to work upon the feelings of the husband th-trogh the wife and to -ecuro his vote by the influence of the partner of hi- lifo, who feels a kindly regard for the politician who tried to secure the franchUc for women, but failed—for, of oourse, ho will fail! This is ono of the motives that suggests itself, and yot it docs not seem sufficient. Can it be that the great free-trader, who was to strike off the fetters whioh restrained tbo commerce of the country and to restore her prosperity, begins to suspect that the most thorough free-traders will he dis satisfied with hit* rule wlieu they find that his Treasurer, who wm to bo a pattern of economy, has been making du«-k> nnd drakes of tho public funds just -»_ hin pivdece-oors did instead of piling up big surplus*?- a** he promised to do, and that anew .euxatioit is becoming necessary to keep the oountry in humour with its rulers ': Or can it be thnt he regard- the state of Parlia ment as so hopeles. _y _rr_claim„blo under pre sent condition-** that he hope- to go a step fgrtber and give the Liu.-.- tho right toeit with the men endexeroke their r_rt_a_ning influences over them . This, we oonfess, hss something to recommend it, provided the ladies, who, of oourse, will be husbandless, are to be of an age which is a guarantee against anything in the shape of levity, and that the improved system be oarried to the highest state of perfection by having a lady to preside over the Chamber. Then, indeed, there would be hope! Students of " heredity" ought to find a fruitful field for observations on their special subjeot among the WYereifn families gf Europe. Other families make their matrimonial selec tions from so extensive an area that the here ditary series becomes rather complicated and difficult to trace. But, when a certain forty families or bo have been intermarrying and in intermarrying for goodness knows how many generations, the lineal continuity of special qualities becomes extremely observable. Nor would we confine this to qualities of oharaoter. Natural aptitudes for oertain occupations, and for the performance of oertain ceremonial functions, may also be expected as the outcome of royal heredity. An instance has just ooourred whioh affords a good illustration of what we refer to. We are all aware that in no funotion was " Albert the Good" so conspicuous a success as in the oeremony of laying the foundation stones of publio buildings. Follow ing in his father's footsteps, the prematurely deoeased Duke of Albany was likewise great at foundation- laying, and now we hear that the little three-year-old son of tho late Duke^as just laid the foundation-stone of a new house which is being erected in Olaremont Park, that "he performed the oeremony with dignity and savoir fairs, and deolared the stone to have been 'well and truly laid.'" Now we hail the continuance of this hereditary aptitude with special pleasure because it helps to the solution of a question whioh has often troubled us as to the sphere of usefulness in whioh the members of auoh exalted families may be employed in the ooming days when there will be no monarohs exoept " monarohs ont of business;" for, of oourse, we are all aware that, notwith standing jubilees and other attestations of loyalty, tho time is bound to oome when kings will neither reign nor govern. Bnt inasmuch i* for untold generations Europe has been evolving a caste whose aptitudes have beoome -o specialised and so inatinetive that, to take bnt one example of these, a child ot three belonging to the said caste oan lay a founda lion-stone well and truly, it would be a pity that all this should go for nothing. It is to be hoped therefore that this foundation-stone business will be kept in their hands. It will enable them still to maintain a sort of oaste position, and while it will deprive nobody of any privilege worth having, it will give them (he gratifying feeling that they are at the bottom of all publio works. We were nnder the imp-esakm that spiritual ism, at all events in Australia, was dead of inanition Our practical colonists, who do not believe in oontinued effort without some tan gible result, and who, unlike large classes of home- staying Britishers, have no time to waste on mere fads, lost interest in oourses of investi gation whioh never seemed to briny them any " forrarder." Unquestionably there is not to day a tithe of the curiosity that was felt a few years ago in the revelations of spirit mediums, and as for table-rapping, it is, as a parlour amusement, almost as obsolete as bezique. But spiritualism, it seems, even in practical Australia dies hard. There is still in New South Wales an association to whioh it is not merely an interesting study but a religion. At least we presume we may call it a religion, see ing that it has not only its distinctive servioes hut its sacraments. One of these latter is the "naming servioe," a performanoe of which function was held the other day in Bydney. It appears to correspond to the oeremony of bap tism in the more orthodox Ohurohes, but with this difference, that nobody is baptised, and that in plaoe of names being given those already worn are simply confirmed. What strikes us, however, as most curious, is the advanced stage of intellect at which the ohildren who are the ob jects of the ceremony appear to have arrived. At the particular function to which we allude the proceedings began with a reading which con sisted of an " Invocation to the Infinite." Evidently the boys and girls of the Spiritual istic Association of New Sonth Wales are muoh further advanced as regards their powers of abstraction than those brought up within the palo of more homely religions. We can only conceive of them progressing one stage further, and raising their invocations to Herbert Spencer's " Unknowable." The "Prayerto the Virtues," which followed the " Infinite," is equally far ahead of the usual style of orison. By the time a child haa got so far advanced in abstractive power as to be capable of holding prayerful communion with tho Virtues, it will have reached the spiritual level of the poet of the immortal line, " Inoculation, Heavenly Maid!" or of that other poet who rose to an abstraction of the ocean, whioh in his ecstasy he invoked as •' Thou, Prodigious Dampness!" It is to bo hoped that tho spirit who, acting (to use the jargon of the sect) as " teacher and me__enger through the instrument prevailing," confirmed the children in their intended names had not to come down to the ordinary level of Johns and Harrys, Betsys and Marys. Surely children who pray to " the Virtues" could be designated by nothing let-, familiar than the names of the Virtues thc.n-.elve-. It only remains to stute that the day's proceedings wound up with a lecture on " Ghost-." 