IRoveUst. DAYS OF CRIME YEARS OF SUFFERING Ax AUTOBIOGBAPHY. (Reprinted from ''The Australasian" of 1867 by Special Permission-) CHAPTER X TILE BITEK IS BIT AND HE BITES AGAIN. On arriving at Maidstone I went to the Railway Inn, and remained there till the nest morning. Kot liking . the honse much, I removed in the course of the day to the Royal Hotel. As I always give the world a full account of jny proceedings when I am doing others, it is only fair that I should be equally communicative when I get done myself. I affected billiards, and fancied I could play well. There was a billiard-room in .the hote^ and to it I went on the evening after my arrival there. There was present rather stylish-looking person, who introduced himself to me in the course of the night. He told me he was an officer in the Royal Artilley, and had recently invented some wonderful rocket, which he gave a very hard name ta which I forget. He invited me to play r?ith him.- Idid so, and won £5 from him that night, promising to meet him there the next. evening. But 1 was not to be done in that manner. I knew it was a common, practice among sharpers to allow the victim to win something at first, and as I had some slight idea that the artillery gentleman's munitions of war were famished chiefly by his wits, I was not going to hfe plucked so innocently as he imagined. I met the nest night, but 'declined* playing,, alleging as a reason that I had been suffering from a nervous attack all day- The officer seemed by no means 'disappointed, but entered into conVersatien in me most degage manner, and finally, proposed to introduce me to a young lady to whom he was paying his addresses. I accompained him in a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, bot where I know not, and we alighted at a little cottage, into the parlor of which we were immediately shown by the servant girl who opened the door. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not more than seventeen, made her appearance. X was introduced in the approved fashion— "Miss Nelson, Sir. Hamilton,—Mr. Hamilton, Miss Nelson." I have never seen Miss Nelson since that evening, but X retain a. most lively recollection of her. She was good-looking, could sing charmingly, and had the most fascinating manner imaginable. Wine was introduced, and although I drank only a couple of glasses, it' had such an effect upon me that I found it impossible to keep my eyes open. Of the after events x>f that night I can remember but little. The next morning I awoke .with a most splitting headache, and found myself in my own zoom in the XLoyal Hotel. I jumped out of ^my bed and dressed myself, and "on' "••"•"'pf iny pockets Ifonnd that! iiad beeniobbed of all my money except a solitary £10 note, which, being in a Bfepaiate pocket, had either escaped: notice or been chantably .left me by the thief. All thieveBaredwidful bad losers. I was naexeeptionto the rule, and I could have ćńed for snery vexation. I rang the bell, <and aaked the waiter how I came bnmo thfe previous night. He told me that I was brought to the. hotel about one o'clock that morning; thatthe gentleman who camewjthjne in the cab said I had finished two and was senselessly intoxicated^ that he and the gentleman had carried me upstairs, and that the gottQeraan gave him JjaH » sovereign, telling him fo undress me and get me into bed. Of course X-eaw in » moment that it was a regular " diamondcut-diamond " aSur.andas talking would, not bring my money back, I said nothing of my loss. I have seen the "naOitaty officer" since then. We worked together in chains in the same cart some few years ago, and X only recognized him w his the ;story of the " young swell at Maidstone" for die especial edification of myself and the other cart parties. Having been Bo comi it behoved me to bnck5e4o atonceto replenish my empty pockets, and as'inf funds would not admit of any lengthy schemes, I was oompelledto com- •n»=<ie immediate operations; That ter day, wMl! the seal «f ancient Strabo, r -made myBelT^m,fctElv master of only knew how all therooms were situated, buthadmademyself pretty well acquainted with thąsort of,people by whom they were tenanted. I know well enough Chat it is quite common lor a "well-dressed thief to take apartm ents in anhotel and " barber " -all the inmates; in other words, to get up in the night,'visit all the rooms, and steal as mach "as possible. This, in technical language, js called Dancing a lushingdrum." Philosophers define* instinct as ** knowledge prior to experience," and as I certainly at that time was wholly without experience in each matters, I must Lave been under the guidance of the instinctive faculty. 1 didn't go to bed that night, but merely lay outside the bed reading. The book was of a moral and religious character, but it failed to influence me with its arguments.' By one o'clofck' the bouse was silent, and oat I glided, like a ghost. I felt a little nervoas oh; entering the first room; bat, despite the model system, I have been remarkable for good nerves on many a faying occasion, and on. this'lirstessay in the " dancing " line I was soon as cool" as' a'cucumber. 'It would be dull work telling how I searched the clothes, made my way to the drpssiugtable, pocketed purseB, "-watches, chains, gold pins, and other Articles that would produce " money, and money in any way.'' I visited four rooms, and then thought it time to return to my own. The nest bedroom to that in which I slept was unoccupied, and with the pocket- handkerchief of a commercial gentleman whom I had somewhat extensively fleeced, I tied all the watches, purses, etc., togethet, entered the "empty- bedroom,, and placed them safely out of sight on a ledge jup the chimney, keeping opt a few sovereigns for my immediate use. Having done this in a neat and workmanlike manner, I retired to bed. At eight o'clock I jumped out of bed, slipped on myjxousers, and then rang the bell violently. A waiter very soon ap- " Tell the landlord I want him ; fetch the police, I have been robbed in the night. Twenty-three pounds and a promissory note for thirteen, my studs and my pocket-book, all gone. Who could have done it V The waiter didn't let me go to the end of my sentence, for he ran to the landing and called out, "Here's No 1 has.been served the same." Up came the landlord. He said he was sony in the extreme; he couldn't conceive how the thing could have been done. No los3 had ever been experienced in his honse before. He was s^rry, very sony. flie police had been stnt to investigate the matter, and he hoped they would succeed in tracing the robber. Four other gentlemen had been robbed also. The inspector of police came shortly afterwards, and looked into the rooms, and under the beds, as if he thought the thief might have taken a fancy to hare a nap there, asked a variety of questions, took an inventory of the property lost,and then went , away shaking his head and looking remarkably wise. I remained at the hotel a week, gratis, -for as no funds had arrived for me I told the landlord I should be .forced to leave my tnll uasettled. Under the circumstances the .landlord of course could not reasonably demur, and at the week V end I left Maidstone, and proceeded by the coach to-Chatbam. I need scarcely observe that I bad during the week removed the " goods and chattels" from the chimney ledge, and' conveyed them to Chatham without any fear of consequences. Suspicion fell upon the " military gentleman," for although rfut in the house on the night in -question, ho was well acquainted with the premises, and his sudden disappearance wąs unaccountable, otherwise than by connecting him with the robbery. Thus was my ora safety secured, and I at the EjLoie .time " gratified a double grudge "—against the world and against- my particular antagonist The money resalt of my night's foray amounted to some forty odd pounds —just sufficient to keep me going while X struck out some fresh scheme for victimising the world. CHAPTER XL A GLEMTSE OF BETTER THJKGS. The second night I was at Chatham I visitai tbe theatre. A Miss I/ee wai to makp her appearance in the character of Juliet, and a very pretty representative of the house of Capulet she was. X remember well with -what energy she vindicated Borneo in the lines— - He was not born to shame: Upon bis brow shame is ashamed to sit; For 'tis -a throne where honor may*be crowned • Bole monarch of the jiniversal eartbl" _ confess that Xfelta boyish passionspring up In my bosom for this young girl, and X sat np a -great ^ portion of. the night com- • josing some complimentary verses to her. '[ called the next day on the manager of the theatre; and obtained. the address of . the actress. X forwarded the. verses by post, intimating that.X. was but a mere youth, and should be'^ad personally to say.to Mitm Lee how greatly I had-been charmed by her acting.' _ "' y " . X reeeired • s" reply Jthe: next morning; thanlringinefor tne^epses,; andcońtaipiq^to invitation to • tea for ihe ensuing evening, whish was a non- perfonning aught." . •'"" •/' •'•'•, : Ipurchased the .handsomest copy' of Shakespearel could find in jHie:town,jand sthe next Evening dnly presented myself 'jat ^fim lice's residence.- 1 ; X i was received, very kindly by the.yoiing' lady's mother, niioinformed ane Jthather Jdau^rter Ellen jw^nia not be ablB *o join us until beven o'clock, having been gammoned JSespedeaiy by the manager of the theatre witii ^ of.- permanently angaging ' her- The " mother was a ^perfect gentle womioi she told sine that Miss Iiee had fcom childhood evin-^ cal s iBmarkable enthusiasm for file" stage, but that it .was with mnch reluctanM Bhe herself had consented to her "iterVembracing'-th^thealrical proją \- a wipana of nvelihood- - A little after seven' Ellen .Iiee came home, an^ ehe cordially Aanked r me for ithe verses, -dedaring, Łowever, that they were by far ioo complimentaiy. X prejented ber with the fihake^eare, and uiher ageninsfit iphreathehfe Into the beantifuf cBeations. of łhe poeti mastermind. An intimacy, apiang jap b^ween «s—«tine innooentfnendship, wtuch Ilóptbacktotóiilnainoment withmdanchol^pleasnre. EUen Łee ,was tmly?an actress at a email provincial thfeatfce, but ehe W beautifjil, talented, and goofk ShcEainod npon my|ieBit«v8i7da^ «ia I {oon had no aecreis IhaV were tnme alone. She wąs my confessor, she was my adviser; and she strove earnestly enough to be the good angel of my life, to save me from my own wayward erring self. I used very often to speak tó her about the dangers attending her own profession, and X remember on one of these occasions, Ehe repliedin Ophelia's words— " I shall the cSect of this good lesson keep, As watchman to my heart.; but, good to my brother, So not, as some ungracious pastors do, Show me the steep and thorny way to heaven, And miss the path thyself." The life of guilt is," indeed, a dark, sad life on which the sunshine of happiness can scarcely for a moment glęam in its unclouded brightness. The haunting memory of crime flings a deep shadowon our path when joy would fain surround us with its tight; and as flowers of -gladness spring up on our way they are at once blighted by the cutse of guilt, which is ever present to file wicked as an interdict: to happiness. "• / >•• r . Thus it was with myself. I might have been very happy in the "society of Ellen Ijee and her mother had I been but innocent. But being the guilty thing J was, there was always present an invisible hand to dash from my lips each cup of bliss before X could sip its promised sweetness. And I am sure—let me. write as lightly as I may—that thus if will ever be. There are phantoms ever on the path of crime which scare away the realities that offer haippiness to thehe&ttl; Yes; in those dayB Ellen I>ee would hare made me happy, if my own sińs had not made me.wretched. She gave me a sister's love, and when the darkest of all days came, then came Ellen to comfort and assist. \- ' My life has been most guilty ; but still I have sometimes knelt in prayer to God, and then I have prated that He who loves the pure in heart would ever" keep EUen Lee happy and good as when, she first wandered with me through the Kentish woods near Chatham, listening* to my praises, and believing me to be as innocent as herself. I passed at least four months at Chatham, and as X lived tolerably frugally, and, in Ellen's soeiety, had no heart for any new wickedness, I committed no fresh crime, but made the money I had -procured at MaidBtone answer all my pur- During the period of my intimacy with the Iiees I had told Ellen the story of my lif e,requestingher, however, notto divulge anything connected with my 'history to hermotiier. Ellen cried bitterly at the recital of my sufferings and my sins, and implored me to let the past be the past, and to commence life anew. X often had a desire to do this; but then that past had a power over me for ever. Neither repentance nor amendment could give immunity for deeds committed. However, while my money lasted, 1 did no -vio- lation to my feelings. I felt how much happier one could be following good than pursuing evil, and I refrained from obtaining "money, and money in any way." But when I had only a pound or two left in my pocket, I was urged by the devil within me to renew my warfare upon the world. I bade Ellen and her mother goodbye, telling them that X hoped in a few weeks to have the pleasure of being with them again. I did see them more than once afterwards ; but the story, as it advanoes, will relate where. • 1 left Chatham with four pounds only remaining to begin business anew. The particular line of business I had not determined/ I had some of the trinkets which I had stolen at the Maidstone Hotel by me still, and these I converted into cash. I went to Heme Bay, and on the second night of my arrival 1 "danced" the hotel where I was stopping to the tune of twenty-five pounds, a small amount, but sufficient to keep me in cash for the 'time being. % It was*while staying at Heme Bay that I met with an advertisement in the Xiondon Times which had been inserted by- my father. It merely stated that nothing had been heard of me since I went to sea, and that if I was still in England I was to write or go home immediately, the ad-* dress being given. I wrote a letter to my mother, telling her I could notcome home, —that I had been a bad boy, that there was no home for me in the future; that 'I should like to have a letter from her, which she could direct to my own name at the post office, Heme Bay. My mother: accordingly wrote me a long .eloquent letter; she seemed as I read the letter, to be speaking to me again as she nsed to speak to me when I walked" by her side when X was a child. But it was useless. The old deep earnest eloquence was there, hut alas! the heart to which it was addressed was changed for ever. My mother implored me to return home; she told me they could send me to school again for a couple of years, as £hey were in business and doing well; and she felt .quite sore, she said, that I could have done nothing veiy bad, "only some boyish wildness which my own .feelings exaggerated. In reply to tins communication X; wrote a more explicit letter, "and aeht my mother some jverses. The letter, which was a very longrtine, I cannot remember. The verEeshaveclung to mymemory,BoXgive . (hem:— Mother 1 darlingmothjr,- yon are seeking me •• I know, ipiłtłeelłiby love will follow tiunugh the "i wódd where'er I go; -. Bat I cannot come, dear mother ; I.am sadly l alterednow: . ..-. . The once fair wreath of innoSfcoce that gariandediny brow HasXaded ne'er to bloom again; and bom ; the things-of yore— . • jjhe fair, the good, the beautiful—I'm severed evermore. My onward way must be a path of darkness and-of pun, But I mustxread it all alone—X cannot come again. ęt all the cbaiigea tbatbav e comŁ.l know that \- this will be, Where all the changes have -been sad, the saddest change to thee. I know how much thou'lt weep, mother, for : thy dear boy so lost, . AnS'tistiie sorrow thoumostfedtlmt makes me sorrow most. - - I strove against this darker fate, I straggled, mother, long, I starred and Buffered months, mother, ere I was linked to wrong; : . And even now good angels plead-to win me • butin-vainl •.- ;Once fallen is for -ever lost—I cannot come i' again. .i rin severed from thee by my sin, bnt cannot I say "forget," Thylove isauch a hallowed thing, I ask it But let it be a memory that images all fair The child that with uplifted hands in faith ^ansftbytbychŁlr. . Think of me, mother, as I was, when j'->y lit • up iny brow And.my young heart was innocent, but not as X am now. Pray for me. This I know thou'lt do; but seek me not,vain! I'd throw a shadowon thy home—I cannot come again. . '.- They say that in the desert drear some greenness may -be found, Some oasis in contrast strange to all the waste around, , ^ And even thus, within xny heart, guilt-darkenqd thonghnt be, There is h love all beautiful, that lives and clings to thee. I'm weeping very bitterly, I cannot help these tears, They are the tribute memoiy pays to joys of fleeted years. " Good-bye 1 God bless thee, mother dear I I sorrow for" thy pain. Oh 1 if I were but innocent, I'd gladly come again. j. 1 distinctly stated in the letter that it would be utterly useless again writing to. me as I was on the eve offsetting out fora distant part of the counfty. This was quite true, for the next morning I left Heme Bay, and went again to Maidstone. I went with a.Bad heart, thinking ofall the grief my mother wotild suffer on soy account. She had been such a good mother tp me ; and Iseemed to see her looking down npon me with her full lustrous eyes, and fondly kissing mc and pointiiig to all the beautiful things so largely scattered by the hand of -God through xiil the universe—just as she UBed to do in the olden days when I was her darling boy, in whose future-all her hopes and dreams were centred. And what a future that has been! Better, mother, to have seen uie laid when I was innocent in spme quiet churchyard, where in summer evenings you could have -visited the little" grave that held my body*with full assurance that my spirit had winged its flightvto Heaven ! . What sorrow, wretchedness, and suffering have falletf ~to iny lot'my own heart ' knows only. My outward misery has been great; but there has sometimes been an inward torture still more dreadful to endure. Thoii art ia Heaven, my mother! and by the increased, light of thy angel knowledge •thou can'st read (this heart of mine as mortals read it not. -Thou wilt know then, that* I have (Struggled against the evil prompting of my nature ; that I have sorrowed much for the grief that I have occasioned thee"; that at this moment the good voice is pleading within me and thte good angel sits watchiDg near my heart. .Motheri if spirits above can strehgthbiithe straggling spirits on earth, strengthen thou me, so that the voice speak not in vain, and the vigil of the angel be not lost. But alas! what hope of being good have I ? It is likely that "years and years a"0, in that journey to Maidstone, I felt a transient repentance, a momentary yearning for the good; that 1 wept, that I'pfcayedH and'that'śoon afterwards I resigned myself to wickedness, and was, without compunction, seeking " money, and-money in any way." Alas for the inconsistency 'of human nature! alas for the. wretched weakness ot . good intentions! alas for the worthlessnesa of holy desires disassociated „from the persistent energy which ever labours for their fruition. • " "' ~ (Ta be continued.") 