An Extraordinary Ghost Story. THE following story was told by Mr. Butler, a barrister, of London, to Lady Blomfield :—Mr. Butler, when a boy at Harrow, contracted a most intimate friendship with another lad. They worked, they walked, they played to- gether; and in order still more solemnly to emphasise their friendship, they one day cut a hole each in thce other's arm, and signed a paper each in the other's blood, binding the one that died first to appear to the survivor in person at the moment of his decease. After leaving Harrow, however, the lads saw but little of each other. Their libes lay far apart ; the friend went out to India, Mr. Butler to college, and then to the English Bar. An eager corres- pondence was maintained at first, but as years rolled on it slackened, and the friendship gradually died away, as boy- ish friendships will. One wintry day Mr. Butler, oppressed by business, worried and overworked, felt the necessity for a breath of country air, and cold as it was determined to run down to that comfortable little inn, the Wheatsheaf (by Virginia Water). That evening he was sitting in the parlor the better to enjoy his pipe, when he was startled by the face of a man looking in at the window. He did not know the face, and yet it seemed to have a mysterious attraction for him. He got up presently, under pretence of relighting his pipe, and passed before the window to examine the face more closely. It reminded him of something, he knew not what—of someone. Yes, it suddenly flashed across his mind that was the face, not of the boy he had known so well, but of a man such as that boy might have grown into, such as he probably would be now (though Mr. Butler had not seen him for years). Disturbed by this sudden reawakening of old recollections, Mr. Butler spoke to the landlord. "There's a man looking into the win- dow," said he. "Impossible, sir," was the reply. "That window only looks into the court, and the gate of that was shut an hour ago." The face had dis- appeared. Mr. Butler, unsatisfied, resumed his seat, but could not rest—a strange haunting sense of uneasiness took possession of him ; once more he rose to his feet. "It is stifling in here," he said. "I must go out ; I cannot breathe." "You had better not, sir," said the landlord, as he opened the door ; '”there's a keen east wind blow- ing, and you'll catch your death of cold." Now, the Wheatsheaf is close to the lake, and Mr. Butler, stepping over the threshold, stood looking out across the water. A dark and gloomy night—and as he gazed the darkness seemed to grow and gather itself to- gether, deepening into a sort of focus, which appeared to him like the mouth of a tunnel, and as he watched there came out of the tunnel a train, all brilliantly lighted from within by lamps, and as the train approached he saw-«i..- the centre carriage two men engaged in a mortal struggle. One had the other by the throat, and was forcing him backwards toward the window. The man thus attacked was resisting with all his might, when suddenly the door of the carriage flew open, and he was hurled violently to the ground, falling at Mr. Butler's feet. Then, bending over the man, Mr. Butler looked into his face, and, behold ! it was the same face he had seen gazing in at the win- dow, and which had affected him so strangely only a few moments before ! And again, even as he looked, the face had melted into the air, the lighted train, the tunnel, the body of the victim, all had disappeared, and he stood alone there by the water's edge, in the deep, dark wintry night. With a cry of horror he staggered back into the house, and in answer to the landlord's anxious enquiries said—"I am ill—evidently in a high state of fever—delirious. It won't do for me to be laid up here. I must go back to town as fast as I can." And, late as it was, he went off to the station, and back by the last train to London. The next morning Mr Butler awoke, somewhat refreshed by his excursion, in spite of the unpleasant associations connected therewith. He found await- ing him some interesting work, into which he plunged, and the incidents of the past night were forgotten. Two days later however they were recalled to his recollection when walking in Piccadilly he saw on the other side of the way a gentleman whom he had known slightly in former days as being the brother of his schoolboy friend. Mr. Butler crossed over to him at once. "What news of Arthur ?" he enquired. "Bad news," said the other gravely. "Dead ?" said Mr. Butler. A melancholy shake of the head was the only reply. "Killed ? thrown out of a railway train ?" continued he excitedly. "Too true," returned the brother, regarding him with undisguised astonishment. “But how on earth do you know? We only received the telegram from India this morning ?" 