SCHNEIDER’S VISION. A IjEGKKD OF JLOW’ONO, In One Canto. The summer sun hud gone to rest, As usual, in the distant west, And soft the twilight shadows fell On grassy plain and sylvan dell. Each Towong hill aloft did loom, Half-hidden in the gathering gloom; And twinkling* stars shone forth anew, As they had long been known to do. No cloud obscured the bright array * Of worlds that throng’d the milky way, But, like a gem, each constellation Shed forth a bright illumination. The moon arose, and o’er the scene Hi fids’d a soft and silver}' sheen— (Poets, you know, to keep in tune, Always say that about the moon)— Hush’d was the hour, no voice of bird Or beast on Towong plains was heard,— Save when the Towong frogs did croak In answer to the lone mopoke. On such a night, in thoughtful mood, Schneider walk’d forth atone to brood On weighty subjects, purely mental, Pensive withal, and sentimental. At length he paused, then upward raised One eye, and oir the heavens he gazed ; And, breathing forth a long-drawn sigh, He thus apostrophised the sky:— “ Hein Gott I dis night I feel me Had, TJnd I vas drive me nearly mad ; Mine preast it bums init von desire, Shust like von Promethean fire, To do as haf done all great men, . TJnd make me famous init mine pen. Oh 1 dat I could dispel dose vapors By writin’ letters to de papers. Doubly-delighted I void'd srjvint To see clem letters all in print. • Tundor-jin’-blitz ! such tings I’d write Vould turn de blackest nigger vhito ; Nor tor von moment vould I-tarry To haf a squelehin’ hit at Puny. I’d make him squeak mid sliump und squirm Shust like a wrigglin’ hookedriip vonu; Und quickly he vould make retreat, Hit loss (if all his self-conceit. . I’d gif him some sarcastic digs ’Bond his potatoes uml his pigs, Hit shust. a lie or two trown in— ' J)at surely vouldn’t be a sin. Though falsehood is condemned, yet sooth, I like it better clan l;ho truth ; f Und if dat style .did discontent him, . I’d swear all’s-hjuq, I never meant him,-—. Because I know, von he’s defiant, ... He hits as hcavy^ns n giant. Oil, Goblins ! Ghosts! Vere’cr'you live, £ . Dis power orwririn’ to mo give, j ■*; Dat I may veil make, known mJ-: hamfe, . .Und gain me cveriastin* fame.” ?, , No sooner had lids' aspiration Been breath’d in form of invocation, Than from the Towong marshes rose A fearsome sprite who wore no clothes, But clad in weeds of slimy texture, A muddy, water-dripping vesture. One eye it had, that gleamed as bright As Edison’s electric light; And from its head, like pointed thorns, There sprouted forth n pair of horns. A pair of bat-liko wings it wore, Such as had no’or been seen before; While, like all sprites, time out of mind, Its tail was fasten’d on behind. “ Hail, Schneider 1 from my secret lair I listen’d to your ardent prayer. Pear not, I am a well-known spirit, And fully recognise your merit. Hen call me Sgaxiial, and the name Is known to what you covet—Tame. It is my usual avocation To damage human reputation; And if to aid me you consent, I’ll choose you as my instrument, To throw what mud and dirt you can, Straight-aimed, at every honest man. As for this pert, much-talkcd-of Puny, His strongest outworks you shall carry, And sweep away his bust defences, With past and present moods and tenses. Receive, what you have wished of late,— The power to write as I dictate. That your career may be propitious, In writing pasquinades pernicious, Another name henceforth assume-1 “ Austral” shall be your now de plume ! A name of national import Hay well disguise your vicious sport, And your identity will be Safe shrouded in deep mystery. Erom such a coward’s castle you Shall point the barb, and bend the bow, And send the arrows whizzing forth, Tipp’d with the spite of causeless wrath. "Whene’er you wish to make a stir, man, In broken English or in German, I will be near you to inspire Your mind with all that you’ll require. Of language you shall have sulHoicnt To make each diatribe efficient In scandalising all your neigh hors. And as reward for all your labors, Forthwith I’ll make you, by commission, Chief curate of this noble mission. Be careful, though ; for, its they tell us, These editors are cunning fellows. And if they once should find you out, They’d send you to the right-about. Now, Schneider, for the present I Fraternally will say Good-bye, For evil spirits always fear In open daylight to appear. Whene’er you write I’ll prompt you well,— Your hand—’tis settled—now Fa rowel l!” With that the sprite made one grimace That quite deformed his ugly face. Then spread abroad his leathery pinions, And sped back to his dark dominions. Schneider awoke as from a trance, And then with joy l>egan to dance. ‘‘ Ter Tyl’el! Donncr ! Wetter ! Nein l Oh, $r/t o-h/- If ah let ft! Vt'urLt <hti lihine ! I write me now mit exultation, I gif all beoples aggravation; : Rivers of ink, und miles of paper, : I’ll use, unu cut von glorious caper. ; I make me now von goot, long sketch, : Uiul gif dat Parry *uch a stretch • • j Shall reach, like sceddings of Zantippe,- “ From Towoiig to^de Mississippi! Hiimnel! I scribble sketches fust, ' Und see minoelf in print at last 1” 