BOOTIES' BABY. He proved himself a much better nurse ♦han Booties. He gathered the child on bis left arm and marclied off to the anteroom, in front of which the officers were standing about, waiting for church. They set up a stout at the sight of him, and crowded round to inspect the new importation. Mademoi selle Mignon bore the inspection calmly, con scious perhaps— as she was such a knowing little parson— of {he ciTect of her' big, blue, star-like eyes under the white fur of her cap. ..uav a, duo J - clderl' was the first comment, and it was esJd in such a tone of genuine regret that all the fellows laughed again. 'Miss llignon gobbled with satisfaction. 'Seems a jolly little beggar,' said another. 'Chut — chut — chut!' remarked Miss Mig non. 'Never saw such a jolly little beggar in ell -my life,' asserted another voice. 'Pretty work she'll make in the regiment sixteen or seventeen years hence,' grumbled old Garnet. VAh, well, nevah mind, Garnet— nevah ( you mind, Maj. Garnet, sir,' cried Hartog, 'we shall all be dead by then;' but this being an exceedingly old and threadbare Regimental joke was instantly snubbed in tiie face of the new and substantial one. 'Hue it any teeth?' demanded Miles, the orderly officer for the day. 'Don't know. Open your mouth, little ©ne,' said Lacy, gravely. At this point Hiss Mignon made a de lighted lunge in the direction of the belt across Miles' breast. Lacy shouted, 'Whoa, whoa,' and Miles immediately backed out of reach. Miss Mignon's mouth went dismally down, until Lacy remembered the knob of liis whip, and held it up for delectation. VBoo — boot' she crowed. 'By Jovel She can half say Booties al ready,' ejaculated Hartog. 'And here he comes.' 'Now, then,' Booties called out, 'have any of you fellows made up your mind to own this little baggage f 'No; none of us,' they laughed; but one pum, Gilchrist by name, said, with a sneer, be should rather think not, and added two unnecessary words — 'workhouse bratP But one man, Gilchrist by name, added two unnecessary words. Booties turned and looked down upon him In profoundest contempt 'My dear chap,' he said, coolly, 'to charge you with being the father of that chfld,' pointing with his whip to the picture in Lacy's arms, 'would be a compliment on your personal appearance which I should never,' under any circumstances, have dreamed of paying you.' 'Til tt 1 you what it is,' said Hartog afterwards to Lacy, 'Booties is a dashed good fellow — one of the best fellows in the ?world. I don't know that there's another Fj trust as far op as thoroughly, but all the pame, Booties is sometimes best left alone, aa'd,' for my part, I think Gil.' ist and every one else had best leave him alone about this youngster.' ' 'Ya- as, returned Lacy; then began to laugft. 'Oh! but it was fine, though, about 'personal rppearance.' ' And then he added, 'Ugly little beast!' CHAPTER IV. It was not to be expected, and Booties did not expect it, that the story of the mysteri ous little stranger could be confined to the barracks. In fact, in the course of a few hours it had flown all over the town, gain ing additions and alterations by the fre quency of its repetition, until at last Booties himself could hardly recognize it. A baby had been found in Capt Ferrers' rooms; no one knew where it ewe from nor to whom it belonged. Then — Capt. Ferrers Im/i rescued a young baby from a brutal father who was going to dsgh its brains oat against the door-post. Then— Capt. Fer rers picked up a new-born infant while frunfrinp with the duke's hounds. Then — Capt Ferrers was suffering from mental aberration, or, to speak plainly, was getting a bit cracked, and had adopted a child a year old out of Idleminster workhouse. Then—it WW reslly most romantic, but Copt Ferrers ba-d keen engaged to and jilted by a young lady Joifg &go;— which, of course, accounted for his beiifg jmnervious to the fascinations of the Idleminster girls _who had married, been deserted by her husband, and now died — some versions of thastorr said 'committed suicide'— leaving him the charge of a baby, etc. Some people told one version of the story .anil some people told another, but nobody -blamed Booties very mueli. It -might be because he was so ricb and so handsome and pleasant; it might be because Idjeminster society was free from that leaven of cen- . seriousness which causes most people to look at most things from the worst possible tifsw. \- ' But Booties went on his serene way, tell ing the true state of the case to every one who mentioned the affair to him, and al ways ending, 'And hang it, you know, it's a pretty little beggar, and I couldn't send it to the workhouse.' He made no secret about it at all, and on the Saturday following the advent of the child an advertisement appeared in The Idlemirister Chronicle which made Idle luinster tongues clack for a week: 'Wanted, immediately, a highly respect able and thoroughly experienced nurso of Twiddle age, to take the entire charge of a child about a year old, pood wages to a suitable person. Apply to Ce.pt. Ferrers, Scarlet Lancers.' . Jn due time this advertisement produced the right sort of person, and a staid and re spectable widow of about fifty was soon in stalled jn a room next to Mr. Gray's quar vters, in charge of Miss Mignon. as the child lisd already come to be called by everybody. It was a charming child— strong and Jiealthy, seemed to have no trouble with temper or teeth, hardly ever cried, and might be seen morning and afierp/WJJ being -wheeled by its nurse in a babyrfarriagi about the barrack square or along the road «uteide the Broad Arrow boundaries. And so, as the weeks rolled by and wore into months, it began to toddle about, and could say 'Booties' as plain as a pike-staff. In April the Scarlet lancers were moved from Idleminster to Blankjwmpton, where Rootles had to undergo a new experience, for every one there took him for a widower on (account of the child. .Booties woyld explain. 'Take her about with me? Yes; she likes it. Always wants to go when she sees the trap. A bother? Sot a bit of it; the jolliest litfje yvoman in ? creation, and as good as gold. What am I going to do with her when she grows up? Well, Lacy says he is going to marry her. If ~he don't, somebody else will — no fear.1' faking it all round, Miss Mignon had a re jnafkably good time of it, and seemed thor oughly to appreciate the pleasant places in which hqr Jjnes had fallen. It was wonder ful, too, what an immense favorite she was with 'the fellows,.' At first she had been ?'Booties' brat,' but very soon that was .dropped, and by the time she could toddle, which she did in very good time, no one thought of mentioning her or of speaking to jjgr ejjegt af 'jCiS MJES95' Bcaisely.any of tlie officers dreamed lor a moment ol re turning after a few days' leave without 'taking along,'' as the Americans say, a box of sweets or a bundle of toys for Miss 11 ip nou. Indeed, the young lady came to have such a collection that, after a while. Mrs. Nurse's patient soul arose, and, with Capt. Ferrers' permission, all the discarded ones were distributed among the less fortunate children of the regiment. But Miss Mignon's favorite plaything was Booties himself— after Booties, Lacy. People said it was wonderful, the depth of the affection between the big soldier of 35 and the little dot of a child, scarcely 2. Booties she adored, and where Booties was she would j be, if by hook or by crook she could convey her small person into his presence. Once she spied him turn in at the gates on tho right hand of the colonel, when the regiment was returning from a field day, and escaping from her nurse's band set off as hard as she could run in the direction of the band, which immediately preceded the commanding offi cer. Mrs. Nurse gave chase, but alas! Mrs. Nurse was stout, and had the ill luck, more over, to come a cropper over a drain tile lying conveniently in her way, while the child, unconscious of danger, ran straight for Booties. Neither Booties nor Lacy, who was on the colonel's left, perceived her until she was close -upon them, waving her small hands and shouting, in her shrill and joyous child's voice, 'Booties! Booties!' It seemed to Booties, as he looked past the colonel, that the child was almost under the hoofs of Lacy's charger. 'Lacyl' he called out — 'Lacy!' But Lacy was already on the ground, and caught Miss Mignon out of harm's way; but when he turned round he saw that his friend's face was as white as chalk. As for the colonel, when he saw Mrs Nurse gathering herself up with rueful looks at the drain tile, he simply roared, and Miss Mignon chimed in as if it were the finest joke in the world. 'That was a smash,' she remarked, from her proud position on Lacy's shoulder, 'just like Humpty Dumpty'— a comment which gave that estimable person the name of Mrs. Humpty Dumpty as long as she re mained with the regiment. A few weeks after this the annuel inspec tion came off, and Miss Mignon, resenting tho lengthened absence of her Booties, again managed to escape from her nurse, and pattered boldly, as fast as her small feet would carry her, right into the mess-room, where Booties was sitting, just opposite the general, at the lata lunch. Miss Mignon, not seeing Tiim at first, wandered coolly be hind the row of scarlet-clad backs, until she spied him at the other side of the table. Then, having no awe whatever of inspecting officers, she wedged herself in between his chair and the colonel's with a triumphant and joyous laugh. The general gave a great start, and the colonel laughed. Booties, in dismay, jumped up, and came quickly round the table to take her away. 'Well, you little rogue,' said the colonel, reaching a nectarine for her. 'What do you want?' 'I wanted Booties, sir,' said Miss Mignon, confidentially. 'And nurse failed asleep, so I tooked French leave.' Almost the only peculiarity in her speech wa~ the habit of making all verbs regular. 'And who are you, my little maid!' the general asked, in extreme amusement 'Oh, I'm Miss Mignon,' with dignity. The old general fairly chuckled with de light, and as he had put his arm round the child, Booties, who was standing behind, could npt very well take her away. 'Oh, Miss Mignon— hey? And whom do you belong to?' 'Why, to Booties,' in surprise at his ig norance. 'To Booties? And who is Booties?' 'Booties is Booties and I love him,' Miss Mignon replied, as if that settled everything ' Booties is Booties, and I love him,' Miss Mignon replied. 'Happy Booties!' cried the old soldier. 'What a lot of medals you've got!' cried Miss Mignon, pressing closer. 'I'm afraid, sir, she is troubling you,' Booties interposed at this point, but secretly . delighted with the turn affairs had taken. 'No, no; let her see my medals,' replied the general, who was as proud of his medals as Booties of Miss Mignon. 'Are you a 'sir' too?' Miss Mignon asked, gazing at the handsome old man with more respect. ??What does she mean?' he cried. Booties laughed. 'Well, sir, she hears us speak to the colonel so, that is all' 'Dear me! What a remarkably intelli gent and attractive child 1' exclaimed the general, quietly. 'How old is she?' 'About two, sir.' Now it happened that the old general h«d a craze for absolute accuracy, and he caught Booties up with pleasant sharpness, 'Oh! Does that mean more or less?' 'I can't say, sir. She is about 2. I do not know the date of her birth.' 'Then she isnotyoursf 'I am not her father, sir, but at present she belongs to me,' Booties said, smiling. 'Tm afraid — - ' 'Not at all, but perhaps she had better go. What a charming child !' The last was perhaps because Miss Mignon, finding her frimp had come— and she never made a fuss on such occasions — put two soft arms round bis neck and gave him such a genuine hug of friendship that tha old man's heart was quite taken by storm. So Miss Mignon was carried off, looking hflnt to the last over Booties' shoulder, and waving her adieu to the handsome old man, who had sifch § fascinating array of clasps and medals, '1 didn't quite understand — what relation is the child to him?' he asked of the colonel. 'None whatever. Ferrers found her late one night in his bed, with her wardrobe and a letter from her mother, written as if Fer rers was the father. He, however, gave me his word of honor that he knew nothing about it, and some of ns think the whole affair was sirnpjy a plant, as he is known to be a very kind-hearted fellow, Qthers, how ever, Ferrers among them, think that note and child were intended for one of the others. Nobody, however, would own to it, and Fer rers has kept the child ever since — I don't suppose he would part with her now for any thing. I wanted him to send her to the workhouse, but 'tis a jolly bright little soul, and I am glad he did not' 'Then he is not married?' 'Oh, dear pp. He pays a woman £50 a year to look after her, and ajl her meals go from the mess. In fact, he is bringing her up as if she were his own ; and the child adores him— -simply adores him.' 'I respect that man,' said the general, warmiyl 'It is an awful thing for a child to be reared in a workhouse — awful.' 'Yes, Booties feels very strongly on the subject,' replied the colonel, absently. By the time Booties returned, the officers had risen from the table, and he met the guests and the seniprs jnst entering the anteroom 'I'll shake hands with you, Capt. Ferrers, if you please,' said the general, cordially. 'I agree with you that it is an awful thing for a child to be brought up in a workhouse. It is a subject upon which I feel very strong ly — very strongly. A child reared as a pauper does not start the world with a fair chance. I haye met so often, in the course of my military eacpefiencej with recruits bred in the Unions — I never knew one do well. No; pauperism is ground into them, and they are never able to shake it off. ' 'Well, sir, that is my opinion,' said Booties, modestly. 'I hope, though, you won't f-hink my little maid is often so ob trusive frKlay. She is really always very good.' 'A charming little child,'! replied the general, as if he meant it, too, and then he shook hands with Booties again. CHAPTER V. There was only one blot in the sweetness and light of Miss Mignon's baby character, 60 far as the officers of the Scarlet Lancers were concerned. Among them pll there was only one whom she did not like. She had degrees of love — Booties ranked first, then Lacy, then two or three groups of friends whom she liked best, better and well ; but she hnH no degrees of dislike where she did not love. She hated, hated fiercely and furiously, hated with all her baby i'ii her small world whom sue detested thus, absolutely declining to hold communication or t«i accept overtures from tiic-m. however sweetly made; but there was only one of the officers who ' came under this head, and he was Gilchrist the man who had dubbed her at first workhouse brat. Miss Mignon could not endure him. When old enough to under stand that a certain box of sweeties bad come from Mr. Gilchrist, she would drop it as if it burned her fingers, draw down the corners of her mouth, and remark, 'Miss Mignon Is very much obliged;'' an observa tion which invariably sent Booties and Lacy off into fits of laughter, at which the little maid would fly open-armed to him and cry, 'But Mignon lows Booties.' But the fact remained the same, that Miss Mignon de tested Gilchrist, who, indeed, was not a favorite in the regiment. Nor, indeed, did Gilchrist seem to like Miss Mignon any bet ter, though he now and then brought his offerings of toys and bonbons, like the rest 111 the face of Booties' severe snub about the two odious words he had applied to her, he was hardly such a simpleton as to further rouse or annoy tho most popular man in the regiment; yet if be could possibly cast a slur ou Booties or on the child he did it Never from his lips came the pet name 'Miss Mig non,' never did his black eyes rest on her without a sneer or a jibe; if he could by any chance twist Booties' words into an admis sion that the child was really his, he took care never to lose the opportunity. 'Oh, come, now,' Preston cried one day, when he had been sneering at Booties and Lacy, who had just driven away with the child between them, 'Booties is a right g.iod sort — no mistake on that point. No sneaking hypocrisy about him. It would be well for you and me if we were half as fiue ehaps; but we are not, Gilchrist, and, what is more, we never shall be.' 'Oh no; but where is the mother of that brat?' 'How should I know? or Booties? I shouldn't mind laying my life that Booties never did and never will cause her or any other woman to write such a letter as came with the child that night Jolly good thing for this one if she was Booties' wife, instead ot being tied up to the hound who bound her to secrecy and deserted her. Perhaps she's dead, poor soul! Who knows?' 'Perhaps she isnt,' Gilchrist sneered. 'Some people never die.' Good-natured and not very wise Preston stared at him, and Hartog looked from be hind his newspaper, aghast at the bitterness of his tone. 'Good heavens, Gilchrist!' Preston cried, ? 'are you wanting somebody to die?' ' Gilchrist tried to laugh, and succeeded very badly. He rose from his chair, knock ing a few scattered cigar ashes carefully off j his braided cuff. 'Well, I confess I should not be sorry to i see that prating brat of Booties' out of the i road. We should perhaps get at tlie truth then.' And having delivered himself of this \ feeling speech, he went out banging tha door after him. 'Well, upon my soul 1' exclaimed Preston. 'Oh, the man's got a tile loose in his upper story,' said Hartog, decidedly. 'No man in his senses would talk such miserable rot as that. Always thought Gilchrist a crazy fool myself, but Pm sure of it now.' 'And how he sticks to it Hiss Mignon is Booties' own child — as if it could be any good for him to say die isn't if she is.' 'No. I shall tell Booties to keep an eye on Gilchrist. I say, what a comfort it would be if he would only exchange! I suppose we can't manage to dazzle him with the de lights of India, eh F' ' 'Not very well. Besides, he lost ever bo : much seniority by coming to us.' ] 'No such luck. It's queer, though, he should be so persistent about Booties and Miss Mignon. I suppose he wants to daub Booties with some of his own mud. Thinks if he only throws enough, some of it's sure to stick; and so it would with most men. Happily, however, it don't in the least matter what a little cad like Gilchrist chooses to say about a man like Booties— a jealous little beast' Neither of them said any more about the matter, but Hartog took the earliest oppor tunity of reoeating to Booties what 'that ass Gilchrist' had said about seeing that prating brat of Booties' out of the road, and in consequence a kind of watch was set upon the child. Not that Booties, though he had a very poor opinion of Gilchrist and Gilchrist's brains, was afraid for a moment that lie would give Mjss_Mignon poisoned bonbons, or run off with her and drop Ver in the river; yet he did think it not improb able that lie might encourage an already dangerous spirit of adventure, and of course be absolutely blameless if she could get trampled by a horse's cruel hoofs, or crushed by one of the many traps going in and out of barracks. When Booties had taken his first long leave after Miss Mignon's coming, he hrfd left her at Idleminster in charge of her nurse; but when long leave came round again and she must have been about two and a half, he decided to take her with him. One reason for this was certainly a fear of any pranks Gilchrist might choose to play, another that Lacy was taking his leave at the same time, and Booties was afraid, in the absence of both, Ttfi« Mignon might fret herself into a fever. And, besides, he had missed the child during a fortnight's deer stalking in Scotland that autumn more than he would have liked to own. From Blankhampton, therefore, they went to his place, Ferrers Court, where he was to entertain a rather large party for Christmas, with a sister of his mother's, and liis only near relative, to do the honors for him, and among his guests a Mrs. Smith, a widow, and sister to that dead girl to whom he fancied a resemblance in Miss Mignon. However, at the last moment, Mrs. Smith wrote to excuse herself. 'I am very, very sorry,' she said, 'but a very dear friend of mine, with whom I spent two winters in Italy, has suddenly ap peared, with a traveling companion and two maids, to pay me a long-promised visit of at least two months. She is a Russian countess— a widow, like myself, and wishes, I fancy, to improve her English, which she already speaks very well. Of course I am dreadfully disappointed, but cannot help it' Now, it happened that Booties had a very deep and great respect and liking for Mrs. Smith, and not for all the widowed coun tesses in Russia was he willing to upset his plans; therefore he wrote off at once to Mrs. Smith, after a five minutes' consultation with Lady Marion, to beg her to carry out her original intentions and bring Madame and her retinue 'along.' Would she tele graph her reply! Mrs. Smith did so, the reply being, Yes. Moreover, she supplemented the telegram by a letter, in which she mentioned among other things that Mme, Gourbolska's traveling companion must be treated in all ways as an ordinary guest So, at the time originally appointed for Mrs. Smith's coming, the party of six — three ladies and three maids — arrived. Booties himself went to the station to meet them. He found that Mme. Gourbolska was young, not more than thirty, of the plump and fair Russian type, quite fair enough to hold her own beside Mrs. Smith, whom he regarded as the most beautiful woman of his acquaintance. Thethird lady, Miss Grace, was fair also, perhaps not so positively beautiful as either the English or the Russian lady, but fair-haired, fair skinned, with soft blue-gray eyes, intensely blue in some lights, as Booties noticed di rectly. Graceful she was to a degree, and as he watched her move across the little station he thought how wonderfully her name suited her. Sirs. Smith smiled at him as he helped her to mount to the top of the omnibus, 'Is not the likeness wonderful?' she said, with one of those quick sighs with which we speak of our dead; and then she said, 'Poor Rosy.' Booties turned and looked at Miss Grace again, his mind going back to those dark days, past and gone now, when he and his best friend had been estranged for honor's sake. When he and this imperially beautiful woman bad stood side by side watching a youug life die out; had together seen the sacrifice of a heart, the martyr of love to man. 'Yes, it is very great,' he said, briefly. That dead sister of Mrs. Smith had always been and would always be a not-to-be-broken bond of union between them, for the widow knewhowgladly 'that grand Booties,' as she always called him, would have tried to make up for the love sjie had lost, while to Bootles Mrs. Smith stood out from the rest of womankind as the sister of the only woman he hadever wished or asked to marry him. Ho helped Miss Grace up to the seat beside Mi s. Smith, and took his own place beside the Prussian lady, who entertained him very well during the three miles' drive between Eagles Station and Ferrers Court. 'Oh, but what a paradise!' she cried as the carriage turned into the court-yard. 'I am delighted that it pleases you,' he answered, glancing round to see what effect his ancestral home had upon Miss Grace, jn ;::m; !i mi inrnt thov ha.l draws i:t- rt j ! Lie . * i't: inr uoor-\v;iy, and imni ..-iV.v i :!(_* of a littie ciiili uiv.ssm iu wiiiie nppeaj-o.' o:i t.: - t. -, ni' i i,- liroa 1 st-M l:i s -.ig iier : -.iii-i.. ijii-.i Is iu u.'ren of welt: .', no. 'Go in ui ecJv ; vou'il geL cjld. ( : - In, 1 say,'' Booties called out. it was. indeed, bitterly cold, aud a few flakes of mi -v\ were falling. But Miss ili^nou had a budget of news for her Booties, and was not to be done out of telling it. 'Lai lias had a letter from homo,' she piped out in her shrill voice. Lai was her name for Lacy, and home meant Blank hampton Barracks. 'And the St. Bernard has gotted two puppies — beauties — and I'm to have one. Lai says so. And Terry has broked his leg.' Terry was one of Booties' grooms. 'And Maj. Ally's going to be married.' Booties was so surprised that he forgot the cold and his order that Miss Mignon should go in. 'What !' he exclaimed, incredulously. Just then Lacy himself came to the top of the steps with open arms, so to speak, and carried off Mrs. Smith into the house. Miss Mignon took advantage of the opportunity to run down the steps just as Booties helped Mme. Gourbolska to the ground. 'I welcome you with much pleasure,' he said, cordially — 'Miss Grace also,' as he gave her his hand to jump the last step. 'I am afraid you are tired You are very white.' 'I am tired,' she said, in a low voioe, not looking at him, but at the child. 'It is so bitterly cold. Don't stand a moment. Mignon, will you go in!' Miss Mignon skipped up the steps, and the Russian lady caught her in her arms. 'Oh, you little angel! and what is your name?' 'I'm Miss Mignon- You're a very pretty lady,' returned Mignon, critically. 'I wanted to go to the station, but Booties said it was too cold, and Lai ? ' 'Madame dees not know what Booties and Lai mean,' interrupted Booties. 'This is Booties, and that's Lai,' Miss Mignon informed her. 'I'm Miss Mignon, and I belong to Booties .' 'Oh, you belong to Booties. I am sure he must lie very proud of you,' Madame answered. 'I believe Tm a great bother to him,' Miss Mignon announced. In a matterof fact tone. Booties laughed. 'Come to the fire, madame,' he said. Then, turning to Miss Grace, 'Tm sure you are very cold— you are as white as a ghost Pm sure,' ad dressing Lady Marion, 'Aunt Marion, wine would be much better than this tea.' 'No, no; tea,' they cried— at least the two elder ladies, for Miss Grace seemed to have no ears for any one but the child. 'Won't you speak to me!' she uM, presently, as Miss Mignon gravely re garded her with her big blue eyes. Miss Mignon went close to her imme diately. 'Did Booties let you drive?' she asked, with interest Miss Grace shook her head, and lifted Miss Mignon on to her knee. 'I did not ask him,' she said. 'Oh!' Then, after a pause, 'J al«-way' do.' ' Oh, you little angel ! What's your namef 'But not a pairf in surprise. Miss Mignon nodded. 'When they're not too fresh. Booties would have letted you, if you'd asked him.' 'I will another time.' 'Lacy,' said Booties suddenly, 'is it true about Allardycef 'Hartog says so. They say she— er— dwrinks like a duck.' 'Pooh!' But Booties laughed as if it was a great joke, and Mrs. Smith begged to be enlightened. 'Oh! don't yon remember Allardyce! He's the great military teetotal light.' 'And— er— he wreally is an awful duf fab,' remarked Miss Mignon, in so exact and so unconscious an imitation of Lacy's drawl that her hearers went off into fits of laughter, and Miss Grace, clasping her close to her breast, bent and kissed the luxuriant golden curls. 'You're crying,' said Miss Mignon . promptly, scanning Miss Grace's face with her big eves. 'No; Dot you made me laugh,' she said hastily. 'Some people do cry when they laugh,' Miss Mignon informed her. 'Our colonel does. Now, Maj. Garnet always chokes, and then Booties thumps him. I don't know what he'll do,' she added in a tone of deep concern, 'if he chokes while we are away.' 'I never saw such an original little piece of mischief in my life,' cried Mrs. Smith. 'And how charmingly dressed— is she not, ? madame? So sensible of you to cover her up with that warm serge up to her throat and down to her wrists. Who put you up to it?' , 'I fancy we evolved the idea among us. You see, she runs in and out of my rooms, 1 her own, and Mrs. Gray's, the adjutant's j wife, that is,' Booties answered. 'And j barrack corridors are not exactly hot houses. Besides, our doctor keeps his eye on her, and he blames the wrapping-up for her never having a day's illness.' 'I believe in it,' asserted Mrs. Smith. 'And I— oh 1 our married ladies tell me I ' am quite an authority on the subject I can tell you we get fearfully chaffed about her, Lacy and 1' 'Why?' Miss Grace asked. 'Well, because she goes about with us a . good deal, and people seem to find the situa tion difficult to understand.' He took it for ! granted that she knew all about Mig non, and she did not press the question fur ther. But half an hour later, when Mrs. Smith was thinking of dressing, Miss Grace tapped at her door and entered. 'Could you lend me a few black pins?' she asked. 'Madame and I have both forgotten them.' 'Certainly, my dear— take the box.' But Miss Grace only took a few in the pink palm of her hand. 'What a pretty child that is,' she said carelessly. 'Did the mother die when it was born?' 'Oh, my dear!' cried Mrs. Smith, 'she is not Capt Ferrers' child. No relation whatever.' 'No? Whose, then?' - ? 'Ah! That is a question.' 7%en she briefly told Miss Mignon's history, ending: 'But he will never part with her now. He is so fond of her, and she adores him.' 'He is a fine fellow,' said Miss Grace, toying with the pins in her hand. 'A fine fellow! He is a splendid char acter,' Mrs. Smith cried warmly. 'I as sure you I have studied that man — end I have known him for years— and I cannot find a fault in him. Years ago, when we were in great trouble, my mother and I, at the time my sister died, oh, he was so good, i so — well,' with a quick sigh, 'I cannot ex plain it all, but he was such a comfort to us, and she died, poor darling, under very painful circumstances, especially for me. Oh, there are very few in the world like him — not one in ten thousand. Take his i action as regarded that dear little child, for - instance. His brother officers wanted him ' to send her to the workhouse, but, as he ' wrote to me, 'Some day I may meet the mother, and how should I face her?' ' 'Ah P' murmured Miss Grace,. and Mrs. Smith went on. 'It was no small undertaking for a man in his position, for he has not left her to the entire care of servants — she is continually with him and Mr. Lacy, who is also very fond of her. Do you know, he pays her nurse fifty pounds a year. In fact, she is just as if she were really his own child. But it is just like him.' 'And they would have sent her to the workhouse?' 'One or two of them— not Mr. Lacy, of course.' Miss Grace was silent for a few moments. Then she roused herself as from a brown study. 'Well, I am detaining you, Mrs. Smith, and shall be late myself. Thank you very much.' Then she went away, passing goftly down the corridor, and entered her room, locElng tne door behind her. But . once ill that safe shelter, she flung the pins on the table and dropi)ed upon her knees, burying her face in Ler hands, while the scalding tears forced their way between her fingers, and the great sobs shook her frame. '' 'Some day be might meet the mother,'' she sobbed, ' 'and how should he fac3 her?1 Oh, my child, my little child, how shall I face him? How shall I bear it? How shall I live in the same house with him without falling on my knees and blessing him for saving my little child from — God knows what!' ? CHAPTER VI. A month had passed, and the three ladies still remained at Ferrers Court, though other visitors had come and gone, lots of them. Lacy was still there also, and occupied in making desperate love to the Russian lady, utterly ignoring two important facts— one that she oDly laughed at him, the other that she was three years his senior. But while all this was going on, Booties bad fallen in love at last, as men and women only fall once in their lives, and of course P*.- i.'idy was Mme. G-rDrbolska's friend, Miss Grace— had he but known it, the mother of Mignon. But Booties never suspected that for a moment True, there was a likeness so strong as to proclaim the truth, and many a time Miss Grace wondered, when she caught sight of the child's face and her own in a glass, that all these people did not see it Yet neither Booties nor any one else did see it, and the game of love was played on with desperate earnestness on his side, and with equally desperate desire to prevent it on hers. But Booties admired shy game, and Miss Grace's evident shyness made him only the more earnest; and not being troubled with that faint heart which never won fair lady, he had no intention of allowing Mme. Gour bolska to depart from beneath his roof with out asking Miss Grace to return to it as its mistress: Therefore one afternoon, when he returned from hunting in much bespattered pink, and went into the fire-lit library, where he found Miss Grace half dreaming by the fire, he shut the door with the inten tion of getting it over at once. Miss Grace rose with some signs of confusion. 'Don't go for a minute,' said Booties; 'I want to speak to you. It seems to me that you have grown very fond of my little Mignon. Is it not so?' Miss Grace caught at the carvings of the oaken chimney shelf to steady herself, and her heart began to beat hard and fast 'Yes, I am very fond of her,' she stam mered. 'I wish you would take her for your own,' Booties said very gently. 'For— my oimf' sharply. 'What do you mean?' For a moment she thought he knew all, but his next words undeceived her. 'If she had such a mother as you, poor little motherless waif, and if I bn/1 such a wife, and if Ferrers Court had such a mis tress! Ohl don't you understand what I mean!' .taking her hand. Miss Grace snatched the hand away. 'Oh, don't, don't, don't!' she said, turning away. But Booties possessed himself of it again. 'Must I tell you more? Oh, my darling, how from the very first day I ever saw you I loved you with all my heart and soul! How, when I bade you welcome to my house, I could, and would if I had dared, have taken you up to my heart and kissed you before every one? How ? ?' Lacy was occupied in making desperate love to the Bnssian lady. 'Oh, tell me nothing — nothing!' she cried with feverish haste. 'Don't you understand it cannot be? It is impossible — quite impos sible.' 'Impossible!' he echoed, blankly. 'Why is itimpossible? Not because yon don't care, that 1*11 swear.' She said nothing. 'Or, if that is so, look at ma and say I don't love you.' But Miss Grace did not speak, nor yet did she look. 'Or will you tell me that there is some one else whom you like better?' he asked, regaining hope. No, Miss Grace did not seem inclined to vouchsafe that information either. 'Or that die care of the child would be an objection!' 'NoP she burst out, in an agonized tone. 'Then what do you mean by impossible?' he asked. 'It seems to me very possible indeed.' She looked at him, that proud, handsome, erect man, with a smile of expectant happi ness on his good face — and tried to take her hands away. 'Oh!'' she sobbed out, 'don't you think I would if I could? I have not been so happy that I would throw away such happiness as you could give ma Some day you may know what it costs me to tell you that it is quite impossible.' 'You give me no hope?' he asked in a dull voice, and she saw that he had grown white to his very lips. 'None,' she returned; then added bitter ly, 'Oh, hope and I have had nothing to say to one another this long, long while.' Booties dropped her hand listlessly. 'Then it is no use my boring you,' he said, turn ing away. Then, with one imploring backward look, she went away and left him alone. A fierce denial rose to the girl's lips, but she choked it down and suffered his words in silence. Then meekly, and with one im ploring backward look at his tall figure, as he stood, his head well up in spite of his de feat, looking into the fire, she went away and left him alone. (7o be Continued.) An Innocent Dean. — The solemn s- rv:ce wa progressing io Westminster Cathedral (saya Truth), and the De-tn sat eothroned. when a telegram wan handed to him. He opened it, and cast his eyes up to heayen iu dire perplexity. It ran thus — ' Ormonde has won.' Who was Ormonde ? and what, had he win 1 'Vainly canons and each like minor lights were cooBulted. If they knHW they pretended not to. It was subsequently discovered that the i elegram had been sent to Mr Dean, a trainer at Winchester, but hs it j was addressed 'Dean, Winchester,' it was harded to the Dean. The telegraph clerk b were prnbibly under the impression that this dignitary had put a trifle on the race, and desired that the result should be at once forwarded tp him. Balance of System. — It is a curious fact i hat persons far from Tobrat. often outlive those of exti aordinary strength and hardihood. Upon this subject the Canada Health Journal says that the vital parts of the system must be well balanced in order to attain long life, and that i xcetsive strength in one part is a source ofaang r. Htnceanover-developed Isr syete m invites diss, lotion, becai B8 it fa a continuous strain on the less ) owerfnl organs, and finally wears them out* 