'Dear Nellie, I often feel very lonely and dull up here; but I would not mind it so much if I had some nice "boy" to -write me long, loving letters. But I am not. one of the lucky ones like you and Marie; for I have "no one to love me, none to caress ; no one to pity me, and no one to to bless " me, although I am a whole 21. ' This was part of the contents of a letter I re- ceived one morning from my dearest friend and companion, who was a public school teacher in a small village some distance from any town. The schoolhouse was situated a good distance from the village where she was residing, in order to be within the reach of the children belonging to the number of farms scattered round. My friend, Lily Ransome, had been appointed to the charge of the school some months before I i received tho letter ; and, having always lived in town previously, she found the quiet country life very dull and monotonous, so that her letters were frequently charged with discontented little pasaages, aa on this occasion. I had often promised myself the pleasure of giving her a surprise by going up unexpectedly to spend á few days with her. So I made up my mind to procrastinate no longer, but to go up and cheer the poor exile at once. Next afternoon found me alighting from the coach in which I had performed the second part of my journey; the first part having been by train. As I strolled along toward the farm, where Lil was staying, admiring the brilliant green of the fields and meadows, and the delicate pink and red of some of the bush's spring foliage, I was disturbed from my reverie by the patter of a horse's feet on the velvety turf ; and turning I beheld no less a personage than Lil herself, on her way home from school. She gave a little scream of delight as she recognised me, and drawing rein, sprang lightly to the ground, and rushed at me in her old im petuous manner. Before we reached home, she had told me all about her loneliness and longings, for home, .finishing up by adding, ' But I shall.be all right now you have arrived." Next lay being Saturday there was no school. So Lil borrowed a horse and habit for me, and away we scampered. We chatted and laughed as gaity twp school girls, and enjoyed our ride immensely.. After riding some distance along grassy lanes and country roads, we came upon a large I roomy 'cottage,standing back from the road, witha deserted appearance. I drew up my horse and, halted before the gate, gazed at the house curiously. Lil did likewise, and said I eusuppose you are wondering what place this is. It is called The Haunted House. Nobody will live in it, because of the ghost which inhabits it.' 'I have often wished you were here to help me investigate the place some evening,' she con- tinued, ' for I have never seen a ghost, or a house supposed to be haunted by one before. You know, Nellie, I always wished to see one, just to see how it would act. I don't think I should faint, or scream, or run away like the people in ghost stories always do. Would you ?' Of course I scornfully denounced such a course of conduct ; and, possessing strong nerves, and equally strong curiosity, I agreed to go some evening and try to solve the mystery. On the following Monday evening I procured some refreshments in the way of sandwiches, and a bottle of milk, to serve for supper, and a candle and a box of matches, and then proceeded on horseback to meet Lil on her way from school. Neither Miss Ransome nor myself was at, all superstitious ; so that we rode on our way with- out a tremor, making very merry over the mis- sion we were on. We alighted at the gate ; and as we pushed it I open the rusty hinges, creaked v ominously, as if warning us to desist from our, purpose. We looked at each other with a -reassuring smile, although our hearts were beginning to palpitate rather faster than usual. Having led our steeds round to the back of the house, we tied them to the fence. The old place appeared dreary enough even in the light of the setting sun. So what would it look like by the weird light of the moon, which would rise as soon as dusk set in? I think we both rather regretted our curiosity, which had led us into such an escapade; but neither would give in. So we pushed open the back door, and entered the passage ; each trying to appear cool and unconcerned. But it was a very poor counterfeit, for our voices lowered in- stinctively, and while we remained in the house, nothing on earth could have induced us to speak above a whisper. We entered the first room we came to ; and, as we did so, a cold, chilly- breath of air rushed in our faces. But, as it was yet daylight, we could see the room was empty, and. that, several panes of glass being out bf the window, the draught came through. ' We had better look through all the rooms before it gets darker,' Lil whispered in an awe- struok tone. ' Very, well,' I replied in the same manner. Thereupon we proceeded on tiptoe from room to room, of which there were six ; and, peering in just long enough to observe that all were empty, we returned to the one nearest the back door, so that' we could make a speedy exit if necessary. 'I wonder which room his ghost ship is partial to,' said Lil, with a ghastly attempt to appear cheerful. . 'I can't say,' I whispered back, as if the words were forced from me, ' but I wish we could kindle a fire,' I said with a shudder, for the penetrating coldness of the deserted house seemed to chill me to the marrow. We sat down to our sand- wiches, but made a very poor repast, for it required a great deal of force to swallow any- thing. So we sat still and waited. As it got darker I lighted the candle, and dropping some of the melted grease on the only shelf, set the candle in it. 'Nellie, I cannot endure it much longer,' whispered Lil after a few minutes.. 'Well,' I returned, ' just let us wait until the moon rises ; and then we'll go, ghost or no ghost.' I had hardly finished speaking when we heard heavy footsteps coming up to the front door, which, like the back one, was unlooked. We looked at each other in alarm, and at first were afraid to move ; but I thought perhaps whoever it was would notice the light of our candle beneath the door, so I walked quietly over and placed my shawl along the aperture. As we listened, the footsteps came nearer ; and we heard tho door kicked open, and the voices of two men ¡ as they stumbled in with what was apparently some heavy weight. 'Its a good job this place has the name o' bein' haunted Jim,' I heard one voice say. ' 'Yes,' was the response; 'nobody'll think o' : lobkin' 'ere for 'im.' 'You're quite sure you did the job with that one blow. Bill ?' the second villian asked anxiously. Villains we were sure they were by their^conversation. 'Sure,'I should say so, 'Didn't you see how he went off 'is 'orse like a nine pin?' Bill repied brutally. Which room, mate?' he continued, * for I want to get rid o' this load, so let's be smart.' 'This'll do then,' Jim replied, pausing at the door of the room next to the one we occupied. They entered, and we heard a dull thud ; and then as they returned, Jim remarked, 'He's safe enough there ; and if ever he is found no one, jwill know how he got there.' 'I don't think he'll ever bully a man again,' Bill replied. ' Come along, let's get. before the moon rises.' Then the door banged; arid the heavy foot- steps and rough voices passed away. I looked at Lil, for she, like myself, had been, listening in horror,to this villainous dialogue. Who are they ?' I whispered tremulously. 'Oh, let us go now, Nellie,' exclaimed Lil, in terror. 'See, the moon has risen. 'Not yet,' I replied, ' till we see what they put in that room.' I took up the candle ; and as we .were about to enter the next room, a loud groan issued from it, causing us to start. But we were determined to see what was meant by the 'he' and 'him' of the two rascals. We entered the room' in trepidation. Sitting on the floor was a young man, looking round in a dazed manner. I went to him, and asked,. 'Can we help you, sir, in any, way? At first he mur- mured, ' Water.' So Lil put the bottle of milk to his lips, and ho drank thirstily. We had for gotten all about the ghost in lOiir anxiety to relieve the suffering stranger. He . seemed con- fused, and wandering, in his mind. He .was apparently trying to collect his thoughts ; for he murmured words to himself, and gazed about him in a bewildered manner. Suddenly there was a creaking ; and then a loud crash, which caused Lil and me to tremble again, and look with .fright into each other's blanched faces, as it brought to our minds what had attracted us to that place. 'Oh!' I replied, in answer.to Lil's stare of inquiry. 'It is the back door which we left unlatched. The wind is getting up,' I added, as there' sounded through the hall. Our trembling having subsided a little, we turned our attention once - more to the gentle- man. Do you think you can walk, sir?,' Lil asked hun kindly. "I: don't know ; I'll try. Where am I?' he replied , looking up at her. 'Well,' I said, let us help you at once, as it is getting late.' I set the candle, on the floor in the hall, to light us out of the house ; and, retuining, we assiated him to his feet. having risen, he steadied him- self for a moment against the wall, as he was rather dizzy. Then we said : 'I think I can go now, with your kind assistance.' We helped him outside, and as .soon as he felt the fresh breeze blowing in his face, he revived considerably, and walked more easily until we reached the horses. We were all much relieved to be in the frosh air again, and to leave that damp, mouldy-smelling house, the very atmos- phere of which seemed to breathe mystery. The gentleman seemed too weak to say much at pre- sent. So we restrained our curiosity until he was able to relate how he came in such a predica- ment. I placed my horse ,at his service, and assisted him to mount. 'You are very kind/ he murmured as I took the bridle to lead the animal outside the gate. That accomplished, Lily and I mounted'/on'.the other horse, and rode slowly home, leading the gentle- man's horse, without speaking, 'By the short cut we took the distance to the farm was only a couple of miles. So we reached it in about half an hour. Our visitor was almost fainting as one of the men came out and in response to our hurried exploration, assisted him to dismount. He was taken indoors and put comfortably to bed by our kind landlady. The moonlight was so tempting that, after partaking of tea, we strolled into the garden to talk over our adventure. 'Nothing on earth would tempt me to visit that horrid house again, haunted or not,' Lil was just saying when I drew her attention to a lurid glare in the sky, remarking, ' There's a fire somewhere, Lil.' Just then one of the farm hands passed, and, gazing in the direction to which I pointed, ex- claimed, ' Well I'm blest if that ain't The Haunted House afire. There's no other house over that way so close.' Lil and I looked at each other in amaze- ment, for we both remembered the lighted candle left up against.the wooden partition, and we knew i ? . .... .: .-.;..\\.jrj^;j.jj£!¡.' ' it was that which had caused, the conflagration. Next day there was nothing but a few charred pieces of wood lying around to show where the haunted house had stood. But to return to the stranger. He had so far recovered next morning as to inform us how he came by the ill usage which ho had experienced. Indeed it should be called an attempt on his life, for his enemies had seemed satisfied to believe him dead. His name, he told us, was Walter Eveson, and he was the owner and landlord of several small farms in the village beyond the one where we were staying ; and every quarter he rode over to collect his rents. On the previous quarter-day two farm laborers, who had saved a little money, had requested him to let them have a certain small farm. The farmer who had formerly held it had died some time before. But his wife had remained on the premises to manage the place, and these men wanted Mr. Eveson to turn her away and let them take it. But he refused, and gave them a stern reproof for expressing such a heartless desire. They had vowed vengeance, and had availed themselves of the first opportunity, which happened to be the following quarter-day, when they attacked him as he was returning home, and knocked him off his horse by a violent blow on the back of the head, carrying him to The Haunted House. The first thing he knew after- ward was our assisting him, for which he grate- fully thanked us. He was well enough in a day or two to be able to leave the house and walk about in the garden, although the wound on his head was still painful. He did not seem in any hurry to depart ; nor did Lil seem at all pleased when his return to his own home was mentioned. Our kind landlady had sent word to Mr. Eveson's aged mother that her son had 'met with a slight accident, but was safe and well cared for.' So there was no need to be anxious on her account. Lil and Mr. Eveson seemed to be fond of each other's company ; so that it was natural that they should often meet quite accidentally in doors and out. My week's holiday was up, and I was to return to my home next morning. Lil and I were hav- ing our final chat in bed the night before, when she suddenly asked, How do you like. Walter; Nell?' 'I like him. very, much,' replied. ' Why do you ask?' 'I just wanted to know,' she answered evasively. Very soon we were.fast asleep. Next morning we were up early ; and, after a hasty breakfast, I started for the next farm, where the coach stopped to pick up passengers, and change horses, At the gate we found Mr. Eveson waiting to escort us. When he shook hands with me at the final parting, he said : ' I have to thank you for your kindness to me,for I owe you more than life.' Don't mention it. You are very welcome to any little service I may have rendered you, I replied lightly. 'It is no small service to me, I can assure you, as you will some day find,' he responded. The coach being ready to start, I was obliged to cut him short ; and, after one more hasty embrace, during which I found time to whisper, 'Good luck to you, dear ! ' in Lil's ear, I sprang in, theI sprang in, the door was banged, and I was off. Many months have passed since then, but I have received no more discontented epistles from my friend. As I began this story with an extract from a letter of hers, I may as well conclude in the same manner, as it will tell better than I can the result of our escapade. 'Dear Nell, - I feel so Happy and contented now, that I shall never wish to return to town life. Indeed, I expect to have to live here; for dear Walter has asked me to share his country home. I think I have every reason, don't you, to think myself one of the lucky ones, and bless the evening we went to solve the mystery of The Haunted House. 