A Ghost Story. Tiieiie was a largo party of us commercial travellers in the smoking-roum of tho Georgo. One of us had started the subject of ghosts, and we were very merry over stories of folk, ion and sober, who imagined they hud seen a phost und afterwards found their mistake. Jim Peters, however, who was the oldest man in tho room, sat smoking in silence. Ho usually led tho conversation of any company ho happened to be in, and had besides a largo stock of anec dotes, so that his silence wus remarkable. ' Thinking over a good thing, Peters?' said gome ono. 'Tou uro vory quiet to-night.' ' I don't like your joking about tho subject,' paid he seriously. ' I onco saw ureul ghost.' Every eye was instantly turned on him at this announcement. Peters took a sip. of' toddy and proceeded to refill bis pipe, remarking tit the sumo timo, ' It happened a long timo ngo, beforo a lot of you fellows were born.' Our curiosity being excited, wo pressod him to relate his experience. ' It yas about 40 years ago,' ho said. 'I was quite u young fellow, but 1 held some vory good commissions in tho wtno trade. A travol ler's lifo wus verv different then ; thero woro no railways ; I did most of my ? journeys in a light gig. I had been up through flip' High lands as fur as Inverness, and was driving ovor to Elgin, whore I saw tho ghost. It was a wild night. A storm of wind and hail sprung up, and I made but slow progress. Dark ness set in whilo I was still some miles from tho town. Tho wind was cold and piercing, and the hail fell liko drops of molten lead upon my face. I don't know that I over wns moro miserable). However, I comforted myBolf as well as I could, and longed earnestly for John Laiug's fireside. Ho had boon a customer of my father's, who was on tho road beforo mo. I wus always suro of a good order and a warm welcomo from old John. Well, I say, I wob heartily wishing myself ut his firo tido ovor a tumblor of toddy, whon tho wind lulled a little and tho moon camo out, and to my burpriso I saw coining towards mo no other than John Laing himself, accompanied by a tall, dark- looking man.' - .. ' ' Why,' cried I, ' aro you so far from town on such a night, Mr. L'nig f ' He did not answer, but walked on, and as ho passed I leaned over tho gig sido to repeat my question. Great. God! Iris throat seemed out from oar to ear, and in his hand the tall man carried a razor dripping with blood ! I Bat spellbound vrateh ing them, till tho moon once more becoming obscured, I lost sight of thorn in tho.darknoss. Tho cold sweat was standing liko beads on my forchca5, and I 'shook in every limb. My horso had been strangely restless since tho two appeared, and now that they wore bohind him ho set oft' for Elgin, despito tho wind and rain, as if tho dovil wero after him. '.' I drovo straight to John Laing's houso— ' 'And found your friend all safo and sound,' broko ih ono of us with a laugh. Peters bent forward and said solemnly, 'I found that he had been got in bed that morn ing with his throat out from car to oar.' A cry of horror broko from us ; but Potors, waving his hand to command silenco, continued, 'Tho motivo of tho orimo was dearly robbery. John Laing did not bolievp in bunks. Ho had a small safe in his bedroom, in whiohJio kopt his savings. It was open and empty.' 'Was tho criminal novor found?' asked somo ono. ' 'A stranger— a tall, dark man — had boon hanging about oiio of tho hotels for somo days. Ho disappeared at tho time of tho murder with out paying his bill, but all efforts to find him failed. I waitel for poor Laing's funeral, and then made my way southward. When I wont to square up I found that tho firm from whom I held my best commisoionB had taken in a paWiicr, and as ho would travel I wasnolongor required. The others I held wero not much to depend upon ; so I looked about, and at last . got u Btait from a largo grain and flour mer obant. I had to cover tho south of Scotland, and so far into England as Newcastle On my first journoy to the hitter placo I put up at the Pioroy Arms, a nice new hotel. I got on very well, and booked some large orders Ono even ing, ns I was returning rathor later than usual, I encountered a tall, dark- haired man in tho hotel lobby. Ho seemed aghast at my appear ance, and ? gesticulated wildly, saying, ' The man in tho dream ! ' Ho was in such a state of terror that I looked closely and curiously at him. I felt a cold shiver como over mo us 1 recognised him. Ho was tho ghostly man I had seen with tho blood-stained razor that fearful uitrlit. Ho recovored his composure long beforo I did, and said, with an attempt at a. smile,' I have '-to apologiso for myiude ness.' I am the landlord, Mr. Harris. I was practising for private theatricals— I hope you did not think mo mud ' I tried to look as if his explanation ^yu8 quite satisfactory ; and, declining his invitation to stop into tho b r-purlour, passed on to my room. I did not sleep any that night. I lay tossing in bod, trying to unravel my thoughts about the matter, but it was no use. Tho houso seemed strangely quiet, and an eerie feoling which had hung ubout no since my encounter in the lobby became moro and more intensified. ! The shutting of a door somowhero downstairs seemed to break the spell. I bounded out of bed and pulled up myulind. It was a beauti ful moonlight night, almost clear' enough to read by, and to my surprise 1 saw tho landlord, Mr. I] arris, sneaking down the street, with a small black bug in bis hand. My mind was inntantly made up to follow him. I watohod which turn ho took, and, hastily dressing, followed as fast as I could. As f suspected, ho went straight to the docks. Tho tide was almost full, and tho London boat would sail in nn hour. I saw him go aboard, and then looked about for a policeman. I had resolved to venture on a bold stroke. Fortunately I easily secured a constable, and tolling him I wished to arrest a miiu for murder, ho got another. When Harris Bawme como aboard with tho police, he turned ashy pale. ' ' I accuse thin man of tho murder of John Laing, in J-jlj»in,' I tniid. ' ' It's a lie !' ho shouted, in an agony of fear, ns the officers seized him. . 'Now that he was captured, the full re sponsibility of my situation flashed on me. I had absolutely no evidence against the man — nothing but my own sure conviction, the reason of which I felt suro would only be lauglud at by airyono else. As we walked to the police ofHco the prisoner continued to glanco sideways at me, and to mutter to himself. By a great effort I managed to hear, ' The man of my dream-i-tho man of my dream.' ' 'Yes,' I said, 'tho man of your dream!' Ho started at my repeating his words, and the policemen tightened their hold of him, think ing ho meant resistance. ''You need not bo afraid,' ho said in a shaky voico, ' I won't try to escape ; I'll con fess all when we get in.' 'And ho did confess. Ho was tho very man. He hid in Elgin after tho deed was done till darkness fell, then he stole out of tho town. He passed me on tho rond, and was terrified by my hailing him by tho name of his victim, and staring at him so earnestly. How I camo to sco my poor old friend by his side, or to seo himself carrying tho weapon with which ho did tho awful deed, no one could ever explain. I have always hold that it was a vision permitted me, that I might iivengo the death of my poor old friend.' 'What did Jiarris mean by tho 'man of my dreams,' ' said ono of. us, 'and what be came of him?' 'Ho wan hanged at Edinburgh,' replied Peters. ' My saluting him by the name of his victim and stiiring ut him so earnestly, made suoh an impression on his mind that lie constantly dreamed of mo its pursuing him to hnnd him over to justice, as indeed I did. Thnt'B my story. You see I have good reason for not thinking ghosts a fit subject for laugh ter.' _________^_ At tho annual May meeting of tho Salvation Army in London, it was steted that 939 young people had graduated during tho past your in the 'Salvation university,*' aud there wero 473 in training. Since January thore hud been 1,000 applications for admission to the ministry of tho army, and of theso 120 had been accepted aud woro ready to be taken in; 36 new corps and oo now outposts had been established. It was reported that the army had extended its operations to Germany, Holland, Denmark, Lapland, the Trausvual, and St. Helena. 