AOTA POPTJLI. By the Flaneur. ' Therfe are so fett voices arid do many echoes ' —Goethe. * 4 iff ?:?:? * * » « ?f Wanted. An active intelligent man to take charge of N. S. Wales. One accustomed to mules preferred. No professional politicians or any other canoodlers need apply.' Such is the humiliating advertisement which the electors of this unfortu nate colony are compelled to put forth as I write to-day, and as a matter of course, the whole of the political unemployed are crowding up and clamour ing to fill the situation. That the Jennings Ministry should go bung surprises none. The wonder is that, being composed of such hetero geneous elements, it held together as long as it did. A well-known humorous writer named Euclid declares that if equals are added to un equals the whole will be unequal, and accordingly when two such dissimilar items as that inch of a statesman, Dr. Eenwick, and that crooked half mile of a Minister, Mr. Dibbs, were added to the otherwise fairly well balanced Government team, they naturally rendered the whole unequal and useless. The question to grapple with now, how ever, is simply this — Who is to be our next political leader ? A distinguished English authority recently observed — A leader must necessarily be able to command the respect of those who follow him. But a leader is not merely made by the efforts of a great brain ; lie must also have a great heart. It is by the use of sympathy that leaders must deal if they wish successfully to command the men whom they are called upon to lead. Neither me nor Solomon (vide her Majesty's English) could improve very much on that lot, and the article it describes is precisely what we are in search of to-day. We want a man with a big, bulging, prize-pumpkin style of brain, and a heart that makes him feel good enough to clasp the whole world to his breast and keep it warm for half a dozen winters. Above all things else we want a change from the stomach-sickening Parkes-in-and-Parkes-out bill of fare, and we can stand it with confidence, too, for when things have gone to the worst any change at all must necessarily be a change for the better. There are no lower depths than the first floor of Avernus, and we have got our heels on that already. If we can't get a suitable team of white men, I would respectfully suggest that we run in a team of blackfellows. They ruled the land pretty fairly one time, and unless they have degenerated most confoundedly it is not possible that they will make a greater botch of the busi ness now than their whitewashed brothers have done of late. As the great apostle of temperance, Angus Cameron, would say, we never heard of railway swindles, or land frauds, or dump-car dodgery when Tanninyah-boon-Wahkeerah, or ' The-Mighty- Man- With - The-Split-Nose - And Odd-Socks' sat on his 'possum rug throne and 'bossed the land in Anno Domini 1422, and, therefore, we would do well to give our un lileached brethren a chance to rescue the country from the abyssmal -muddle into which the igno , ranoo and duplicity of civilization has plunged lier. Fellow-electors ! Eally round the old Government blanket flag once more ; name your liquors, and, upon this charge, cry Tarpot Jimmy for the Premiership of Sunny New South Wales. Since writing the above, two important events liave happened. Charley Samuels, the lightning heeled aboriginal pedestrian, has properly put down the colours of the fleetest Britisher alive, the phenoinonal runner Hutchens, and Sir Henry Parkes has been asked to form a Ministry. The former circumstance fills our hearts with joy, and the second dumps them down to our boots with shame and sorrow. Sir Henry's little rise need cause no alarm, however, and does not in any way affect the remarks I open with to-day. His reign can only be temporary. A dissolution must ppeedily occur, for weak and all as many of our representatives are, we have too much confidence in their self-respect to think they will support any Ministry headed by the wholesale libeller who publicly pronounced them to be a gang of ' crimps, thieves, and blacklegs,' with whom no respectable person would ever dream of associat ing. Touching Samuels, his win is most popular here, and I really think it would be a good thing for Charley the Governor to send for Charley the blackfellow, and ask him to form a Ministry of his countrymen. Samuels, in his line, is a marvel, and those who know anything of our aboriginals' nature will believe this when they learn he won his match by dint of sheer gameness. As a rale the darkies collapse when collared, but our blacking-bottle brother simply gnits his teeth and tries all the harder when running a stern chase. Hutchens did all a man could do to win, as the time taken shows, and he was fairly beaten on his merits as his form stood that day. ' 'Faith, there's small choice in rotten apples/' says Hortensius, in the ' Taming of the Shrew,' and 'faith the Kiama electors seemed to be of the same opinion when they returned the Cameron man over Bruce Smith. One of the greatest helps to Angus was the fact that Sir 'Enry gave up the notion till the last moment of blasting his chance by speaking in his favour, and no doubt the ex-carpenter-Chairnian's sudden enthusiasm for the local option cause had a deal to do with his election also. Strange to say another great man went over to the glorious Ncvor-Touch-It cause about the same hour as Angus did. This ' per vert ' is Mr. Te Ivooti, a gentleman not wholly unknown to fame of a certain kind, as he was the originator of the terrible Poverty Bay (N.Z.) massacre. As a massacre-manager, Te Kooti was a star of the first magnitude, but as a temperance orator I fear he will never earn his salt, for in his opening address to his saddle-coloured friends he said: ' Let the Maoris drink no more fire-water. It will drive them mad, and at last kill them. I drink it myself because I cannot help it. You must not do as I do, but follow what I advise you.' No other lecturer could give himself away as cheaply as that ; in fact Te Kooti can scarcely be called a temperance champion at all, but as a ' frightful example ' he can no doubt travel round and make a decent living. And I came near forgetting to add that the day of Mr. Cameron's return was observed as a day of fasting and humiliation by all the licensed victuallers in the land, and the brewery flags were hung half-mast high while the brewers sprinkled hot ashes on their heads and cried : ' Ichabod ! for a great glory has departed.' The Eev. Mr. Jennings, Presbyterian clergy man of Molong, is a gentleman who has been re ceiving a deal of Kudos of late for the excellency of his preaching powers. The Molong correspon dent of the Western Independent, for instance, speaking of this gifted cleric's recent sermon on the Keilawarra wreck, says — ' A more impressive and masterly sermon is not the lot of church-going people in the country to often hear, and it will be a long time before, if ever, the memory of such impressive remarks touching on such a saddening subject will be for gotten by those who had the good fortune to be present to near it delivered. So far as the ' impressive remarks' are concerned I go all the way with the Molong scribe from start to finish. They are indeed sublimely beauti ful. Listen ! ' The sorrow for the dead is the only sor row in this world from which the mind re fuses to be divorced. Every obher wound we seek to heal, every other affliction to forget ; but this wound we consider it a duty to keep open. Where is the mother who will forget the infant, the son, the daughter that perished like a blossom from her arms, though every recollection is a pang ? Where is the child that would willingly forget the most tender of parents, now, alas ! sleeping in the mighty ocean, though to remem ber be but to lament ? Who, even in the hour of agony and distress of mind, would forget the friend over whom he mourns ?' All through this sermon beautiful and consoling thoughts roll on, and we can easily believe it as a discourse ' not the lot of church-going people in the country (or the city either) to often hear,' for there is anguage in it which would be no disgrace to that most masterly of all death medi tations, the Book of Job itself. Further along, however, the Molong man says, 'this sermon has stamped the Eev. Mr. Jen nings as being an able preacher and a, good, pious, God- fearing man.' Against this statement I beg leave to most emphatically buck, for, as a matter of fact, the whole of that sermon was taken word for word from an article in Washington Irving's ' Sketch Book,' entitled ' Eural Funerals.' Where Mr. Jennings's great ability lies is therefore hard to see, for in the few sentences which he chose to localize he resembles nothing so much as Sheridan's ' beggar who stole another man's child and clothed it in his own rags.' Not long ago another Presbyterian divine in Melbourne was court- martialled by his Synod, and narrowly escaped being drummed out of his regiment, for precisely the same sort of trick, and justly so too ; for if a preacher con siders a lay writer's thoughts worth quoting, he should, in common fairness, acknowledge his source, and not attempt to obtain public praise by means of false pretences. Although not present at the funeral myself, still I have no hesitation in saying that King Edward III. is dead. He died in the year 1377. That was certainly a long while ago to die, but it would appear that he has a powerful lot of in fluence still, for according to Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, and Chief Justice May, it seems that the wiry old Plantaganet is the1 only man, alive or dead, to-day who can legally stop the gab of the irrepressible John Dillon, who is busily engaged preaching the nothing for noth ing, and deuced little for a ha'penny, policy to the persecuted Irish tenantry, and persuading them that the earth is the Lord's, not the land lord's. The enthusiasm Mr. Dillon has aroused has struck a holy terror into the granite heart of Lord Clanricarde, who although he never goes further west than Pall Mall, declares he has been intimidated by the doughty Dillon, and is in bodily fear of his life in Sligo. At first it was thought to be a gone case with the rack-renter's glorious cause, for even the Salisbury squad did not see their way clear to squelch the liberty of free speech, when a happy thought struck one of the crowd, and poor old Edward III. was hauled out of his grave, and dusted, and propped up as the only champion who could knock John Dillon out of time. This looks very like the beginning of the end, for it must be a rotten, dying cause which has to lean for support on the acts passed by a man who was carefully buried 510 years ago. If this is a sample of England's advanced civilization which some so glibly prate about, the sooner Mr. Bull takes a back seat the better, for even the Solomon Islanders have ability enough to enforce their own rule without floundering back for precedents to the showery days of Noah. Going back a few hundred years myself for a support, I have unearthed one Thomas Otway, who was the George Darrell, or boss play writer of his day, and Thorn as asks— ' What mighty ills have not heen done by woman ? Who was't betray'd the Capitol ? A woman ! Who lost Mark Antony the world ? A woman ! 'Who was the cause of a long ten years' war, And laid at last Old Troy in ashes ? Woman ! Destructive, damnable, deceitful woman !' To this I would add—' Who sent Captain Eossi off his head, and thus started the Goulburn Cathedral row ? A woman !' A few years ago Captain Eossi was a prominent member of the hontemponi, or jolly good fellows' club, down here, and a leading man in sport of every kind. He owned a stud of smart racers, such as Lord Lisgar and Lord Burghley, who ran third for the Melbourne Cup of 1880 (which Grand Flaneur won), and pulled off the Wagga Cup in the same year. At this time the gallant Captain laughed, and joked, and drank, and smoked, and carried on in general after the style of a man who found this world a right merry spot in its way, and was determined to enjoy his share of the fun while it lasted. But in an evil (or good — I forget which) hour the fair, fat, and forty lady revivalist, Mrs.Hampson, 'arrove' with her pleading eyes and her seductive smile, and her nice little dumpy hand, compared with the sof fa magic touch of which even John Davies' unctuous polling-booth palm felt like a chunk of rusty shrivelled ham, and Mrs. Hampson poured forth her gospel Ter- ewth, ' Front seats 2s, back seats Is,' and in an unlucky (or a fortunate) hour Captain Eossi sat in front of this modern Paul in petticoats, listened to her siren sounds, and rolled over and died (to the world) on that very spot. Instead of going to his club he seemed to board and lodge in his church ; his racers wore sold and part of the proceeds spent in buying Bibles and bustles for the poor little heathens who had an agency office at Exeter Hall, London ; his whist cards were swapped for tracts, and he became so thoroughly changed that even his own shadow couldn't recognize him, and positively declined to follow him. Bishop Thomas is the name of the party with whom Captain Eossi is now waging war, and the irony of fate must have rapped the Goulburn prelate very hard, for he was a great admirer of Mrs. Hampson's also, and often de clared she was doing a most righteous work in deed. What he thinks of her favourite pupil, the belligerent captain, is another matter altogether ; but I fancy he must have some doubts as to whether the fair evangelist didn't treat him to the spirit of Ter-ewth out of the wrong bottle. The latest from the seat of war is that Captain Eossi, after holding the fort until his ration supplies were exhausted, was shot out on his head, and now the good bishop and his dutiful child are about to tangle their hands in each other's hair once more, and fight it out to a finish in our law courts. Sweet Mrs. Hampson ! Her bright smile haunts me still, and she once had me ' almost persuaded' until I learnt that Mr. Hampson was alive, and his fighting weight was 2101bs. Only for that I might now be locked up in St. Andrew's, defying Dr. Barry, and fed by my friends on farinaceous food poked through a gas-pipe. After all, the poor have a great many comforts which the rich can never enjoy, and it is doubb ful indeed if their troubles arc greater either, for, believe me, it is as hard to want a diamond ring as it is to want a clean shirt. One of the great comforts the poor enjoy is that their minds are never worried over the thoughts of what their children will do with the fortunes they will leave them after death. To many rich and fond parents this must be a source of heartfelt trouble indeed, especially when they look around and mark the ungodly use to which other men's children are putting the riches their dead parents be queathed to then:. There is a good fable told of a certain miser, who being dead and well and truly buried, came to the river Styx, and desired to be rowed across with the other ghostly travellers. Charon demanded his fare, but the miser after vain attempts to get the old boatman to trust him till Saturday night, and trying to bluff him off with tram tickets, Tommy Dodd coins, and the like, at last threw himself into the river and swam across while the rest of the ghosts hooted and groaned at him, and pelted him with mud from both banks. All Tartarus was stood on end with rage when the scurvy trick was made known, and each of the judges began to think of some punishment suitable to a crime so dangerous to the infernal region revenues. One of the puisne j udges suggested the old skinflint should be chained to the rock, as food for the eagle, along with Prometheus. Another was in favour of keeping him in eternal fear with the Danaidcs lest the 50-thousand tons rock above should tumble on him, and a third was in favour of compelling him to assist Sisyphus in eternally rolling up his aggravating ' gibber.' But Chief Justice Minos sat on the lot, and sternly said — ' No — these are all too light ; we must invent some severer punishment. Let him be sent back to the earth, to see the use his hdirs are making of hia ohes.' I am reminded of the above by a clip from a New Zealand exchange, which says— ' An old bottle and bone gatherer, who has been living in a state of misery and filth, clothed in rags infested with vermin, andiivingin a house without a floor, died a few days ago in a private lunatic asylum, leaving property worth .£15,000. He had a number of shares in the Keep-it-dark mine, the Colonial Bank and other companies.' Keep it dark he did, and now much good his use less hoard will do him. 