Töm Hard wick's Crime. . ; ' , (BY "BUSH KAT.") It! was. a, blazing hot day a few weeks before Christinas of 1867 j and so Tom Hardwiok »nd Bob Williams thought as they were ' discussing' a billy of black tea and some damper under the shade of a big gum tree on one of Mr. Wolson's out-Btations. Tom was lying full stretch on the ground/ in anything but an elegant position ; his dog and pipe beside him, and Bob was leaning against the tree; '' By jove, Bob/ remarked Tom, '.it's too bloom ing hot to eat, let alone mustering these bloom ing cattle/ ," . ± -V .i ' I agree with you,. Tom j and do you know, I've half a mind to throw) the dash'd thing up and go and try my luckVat ¡gold digging, or some thing of that sort.\ rye.ybe"en thinking about it for sometime; but you/seè, I want to make a little tin first, though? it's' jolly little we get here/ f: ':¡??['^^??'???)?', "?>.,,,-.. ; /; Tom sat thinking for a while, and then sud denly-said--'Look here Williams, I think I'll join you. I'm pretty "full up'Vof this too. I should say thatthere would be à good opening at Gympie; Suppose we try our luck.- I daresay» together, we'll have enough tin to,take us there, say some time in January; and'if you'll do ditto I'll' give the boss notice. _^HeTl give 'us no sweet looks or words, depend lipon it ; for it'll be a good time before he gets any more chaps to stay in this miserable hole as long as'we jiave done, from one year's end to another/ -' ' Done/ said Bob ; 'and . I ¡[know another chap who'll join us I think. 'I guppose you know Jim Slimson-that fellow who VoomeB":.to help us te muster now and again/.' , . ? . 'Jim Slimson-is thàj,t' his name?' exclaimed /AWKWARD FOR THE YOUNG MAN. ~ 1, ABABELLA (to new housemaid) : "Now, remember, Bridget, if Air. Brown calls, say I'm not at home ; but if Mr. Smith calls, take him right into the reception-room, and say I'll . be down in a moment." ' -Ü : , ÍT J» ; \- 2. CALLEE: "Ah,,is. Miss Arabella de "Wolf at home?" > ? , ,! ;.-h;-,¡ ¡ ; <; BBIDOBT (meditatively) : '?' Sure, she give me very particular orders. She says if'Mr.,; Brown calls, say I'm not at home $ bub if Mr; Smith calls, take him right iny and I'll be down ;' directly. Now, whioh*one are you, sir ?" ' . t " ^ , . ' 7; Tom¿ turning pale j and/;his voice Bounded sc hollow that Bob¿urned up 'and cried ' I say; old fellow, what's^up ? Do you know him?' . 'Yery little.' c But ; I say, man, don'i-look so soared.' ' I'm all right. Only I think the sun has beer a bit too hot to-day, and I've just got a shart pain in my head. Get'a a drop of : water, will you?'/:. ": Bob went for it at once; but hythe time he returned Tom was himself again. Little did Bob know the cause of that sudden pain, and his strange manner altogether. Tom's manner was very strange and excited all that day; but Bob, bf oourse, thought that the sun had affected him. All that night Tom lay pondering in his bunk and tossing about. But next morning he was all right again to outward appearances. But his brain was very busy; and it was with no small degree of surprise and fear that, as he was riding along thinking, he heard a rush behind him, and looking round¿ saw a bull making straight for him. He soon put spurs to his horse and galloped on until he came to a tree, which had, fortunately, a hanging branch whioh he managed to swing himself into. He was soon safely lodged in the upper branohes, just in time, for at that moment, with a, tierce roar of anger, the bull dashed his head against the tree, and then prepared to watch it. Some time after Bunset Bob Williams bogan to wonder why Tom did nob come home. He knew he was too well acquainted with the country round about to got bushed, but ho thought he might have got a buster. So ho got his horse, and, taking his revolver, ho set out to look for him. After some time he carno to where Tom was. It was a vory thickly wooded part, and taking in at a glauco tho situation, ho crept up cxrefully until pretty near the bull. Then, raising his revolver, he took aim, and in another momont it was lying dead, and Tom came down glad to get out of his scrape. Better by far for Tom Hard wick if he had been allowed to perish in that tree, but he did not think so. After tho usual Christmas dinner Tom and Bob throw themselves on their bunks with their newspapers, and read until teatime. After tea the usual yarns wore , told and songs Bung until bedtime. They had also decided to give the ' boss ' notice the follow ing wook, which they accordingly did ; and it was as Tom said-they did not get very sweet looks. But tho ' boss ' had to take their notice with tho ¡best graco he could. So they packed up their various traps and get .out j'Jim joining them. Tom carefully avoided him when he could, for he often looked scrutinizingly at him. He only knew him by helping to muster. One day, when "they were camped at Tiaro, Jim was looking at Tom till he made: that gentleman feel rather uncomfortable, and at last to ask-what was so interesting in his face. Jim, still keeping , his eyeB fixed on him, said- >. ' Oh, nothing, Only your face reminds me of a cove 1 once knew.' //''?.. V .,, ' Who was that ?' asked Tom ; but no sboner had the words passed his lips than he was sorry for them. ? r .. ? ? ..., ' Achapnamed Jack Slade, or " Sleepy Jack" as we used to call him. ' While he uttered the name he watched its effect. The color receded from Tom's face 5 but he only, muttered a smothered 'Ah! I have not the pleasure of his acquaint ance.' Then he turned on his heel and walked away. Jim's smile was anything but pleasant as he murmured- ( 'Ha, old fellow, that hit home j jolly hot, too, I think. He says he's don't-know!Jack Slade, .but we'll see whether he does or hot before very long/; ,V-u . :.,:;Í^;;:/V ¡,/;3V:. Next morning at daylight they ; again packed up their swags and made tracks for ; the next station, where they camped for the night. We next, find them six . miles from Gympie. ; Jim was sitting alone' rather apart; from and Bill, thinking??',|deeply^,i:'He.'''.wás'' almost sure that, he, recognised in Tom Hardwick the identical Jack Slade. But he thought he would wait; a bit before. he asked him to make sure if he Was right. So after a while he decided on a plan which he soon afterward put into execution. He did not particularly wish to pari , company with Tom at present ; for he possessed the most money, and [they could not get on well without him. So he /thought it would be better to wait a bit. Next day they arrived at Gympie, and after finding a suitable spot, they pitohed their oamp, which consisted of a couple pf tents. After getting picks, shovels, dishes, &b.;, they sei to work fossicking iii Nash's Gully. They got nothing to pay for the first week, but fared a little better the next, and succeeded in getting what they term, ' a few tidy nuggets.' One day, when they had been at Gympie for a little more than a year, Jim came home in high spirits. He had just found a nugget weighing about 20oz. They had cleared about ¿8250 each since they begun digging ; and they decided that it was much better than looking after cattle. Tom would have been in high spirits too, but he did not feel comfortable under the eyes of Jim. He was soon to be made a little more uncomfortable. After a day of pretty fair luck they were all seated round the camp fire with the unmistak able black bottle, a pannikin, which served as glasses for the three, and, of course, the inevit able pipes. Tom and Bill had both been telling some very thrilling ghost, murder and bushranger stories, and then Bi^dblled lipon Jim for a story before they turned m'. After à little deliberation and another drop of brandy, he began 1 Now, boys, are you ready for a good murder story ? ' His voice'$hook a little as he said this. Bob immediately consented, and Tom muttered a ' yes,' in a very surly* tone, for he was in any thing but a good temper, ' Then here goes,' said Diok. It happened afc Mr. Welford's station, near \--. There were ono daughter, and a couple of sons j and there were two chaps staying there too. Well, one day, this Clarice Welford and her two brothers, and one of the coves who was stay ing there went out riding. Tho chap who went out was thinking about asking old Welford for his daughter that afternoon, for he knew that the other chap had an eye on her too. Well, after they had been out for some time, and it began to grow dusk, they thought it time to turn home. So oif they Btarted at full gallop-the two brothers ahead, and Clarice and the other chap behind. When within about a mile of the station, they pulled up, and went slowly along. Suddenly they heard a rustle among tho trees close by (they were all together now) ; but they thought it was a kangaroo or a Jpo3sum, when the loud report of a pistol was heard, and a ball came whizzing through the air. It struck Clarice. Her horse bounded forward. She happily fell off. The brothers, at the order of the other chap, started in pursuit of the villain that had done the mischief. They galloped through the bush ; but found no traces for some time, when they heaid horse's h'oo'fs in tho distance, They cleared as fast as they could in the direc tion of the sound (their hearts in their mouths) ; but on they went, till they reined up by his side. He made a shot at them ; but missed his aim. One fellow caught his bridle, and the other his arm j and in him they recognised the other ohap ' who was staying with them. He (the brute) quietly asked whether he had . shot anybody. 'Only my sister/ one of the brothers hissed through his teeth, ' and by Jove .you- shall swing for this, old fellow.' He quietly muttered, ' Oh, I wanted tto shoot that other fellow.' They then walked him off between vthçm, and took him to the next town about three miles off, not without some trouble though j but they were a match for him, and gave him over to the' bobby, who soon put him in safe keeping. Meanwhile the other cove was looking after Clarice ; Bhe did not regain consciousness, and he thought it was a case with her. The brothers made a rough affair, and carried her to tho station. Poor old-Welford nearly fainted when he saw her. By-and-by she showed some signs of life,. and at last her senses returned; but not for long. The doctor gave no hopes, and she only lingered a few days. The chap who shot her was com mitted for murder. He was in gaol for about a couple of weeks before his trial was to come off. Well, everything was ready, and he was to be tried the next day. Ho seemed to take it very coolly. Next morning, when he was wanted, ¿he bird had flown, and the gaoler tpo. Then there was a great commotion. Trackers were sent all over the country, but without success.. Arl; last, in despair, they had to give up the searóh ; and nothing has been heard of the murderer since. But I think I know somebody who has archie to his whereabouts ; aud it won't be. lucky'for'him if he is caught-^which I hope he may be/, . He'll swing for it yet, I'm thinking. But I'm going away from my - yarn. I said nothing had been heard of him since. I meant the real murderer for they took another cove, who was the very image of him. He was tried, but pleaded not guilty ; and he was no guiltier than I was. His poor old mother and brother tried in vain to clear him, and told the judge he was at home on the night the murder was committed j and, besides, he lived sixty miles from the station. But it was no use. Even the girl's brothers swore it was him. So he was found guilty j and they "told his poor old mother and brother that they wanted something too for trying to screen a murderer. They sentenced him to death, and told him he had better settle all his affairs, as he would be hanged in a fortnight. He told them he was quite ready, but that he was as innocent, as the judge himself. WeU, they hanged the poor fellow, and his last words were, "I am innocent." About a month afterward his poor old mother died-she was broken-hearted. So; that will be three , deaths the villain will have to answer . for . When , he is caught. The brother only , Jwants revenge, and he will have it yet/ ' He had been watching Tom's face intently while he had been telling his story. He iwaa white to the lips. At last he said-- ^ V 'Isay, boys, it's time to turn in.. I?m!sleépyí Goodnight/. ,..' ?-"V^-'.^.fw .' Wait a bit/ said Jim. rfYou;:hayeVnpt;|told me what you think of my.story/ ,^ .7.7 v^Li..' / ~,; f Not much/ replied Tom. ^ I've, heard "plenty likeit. Goodnight/;, ¿.'¿^.¿¿lá"'u*;4*m6irï''.\\. ..''-Wait,' said Jim. 'I haven't quite finished yet. So sit down till I finish it.' ÍÍ« Tom sat down again reluctantly, for he dreaded the end. Jim took another glass, and .then began thinking. - ;! ' V.';,:f ; ;" ''".?'.?}'; 1 'I say, Jim, go it/ said Bob, 'let's hear the end of it, for I am beginning to feel sleepy too/ , /Well/ said Jim, ' there is not much more to tell. Just let me think a bit. I rather forget it/ Jim was not thinking of the end of his story, for that he knew quite well, but how to tell it. But at length he mustered up courage, and said -'I only forgot to tell you the names, of the chaps I was talking about.' Bob told him to hurry up about it, or he would be asleep, and Tom was shaking in every limb, for he guessed what was coming. ' The fellow who got hung was--' and here he stopped. v<v* nt.\ota:..-3á'C. ' Well, who?' said Bob. -<.x,.;ur¡ ,üúi-v rfï ' Eonald Slimson," said Jim. They both started. 'What?' cried Bob, ' waa he any relation of yours?' V 'He was my brother. .The two feUows who were staying at the station (I mean the murderer and the other chap), were Jim Slimson and Jack Slade, who now goes by-the-name of-Tom -Hardwick / and as he uttered the name there was a fierce glare in his eyes. Tom jumped up, and with an oath sprang at Jim, but just at that moment a policeman walked in and caught.him by the arm. Jim had stationed him outside, and had given him instructions when to come in. Tom then turned on the policeman and threw him off. Then he made a rush for the door ; but he "was too late-the policeman apaia caught him, and with the aid of Jim conveyed him to the lockup. . When Jim returned to the camp he smiled grimly at Bob and said-'Thiey'llmakefit;hot for him this time/ . / '.;;,-,'.~>j.>r'.'{.l vhVï : Bob looked scared, and said--' I little thought what sort of a mate 1 had, or I would have felt rather shaky, I tell you.'. . " '?? , 'Ah,well, the beggar won't make anybody feel shaky, unless he escapes again, which I don't think is likely.. I tell you it makes one's blood boil to think that threo lives have been sacrificed through that villain. But now/ Baid he, clenching his ÜBt, ' I have my revenge/ Tom (or rather Jack Slade, as wo now should call bim) pleaded guilty, for it was no use doing otherwise, and was sentenced to death. The end of Tom Hardwick can bo guô3sed at, for Jim's revenge was full. 