VERY PRECIOUS. i, 'I did not give it to him. He stole it out of the mother's Album. He did ! he did i' The speaker's voice rose with each * repetition, and her cheeks got redder and redder. - -I must know. better than you t Rosie.' . ' Oh . of course, you do not call it giving, but I do. You were standing.by, I suppose when he took it. Your eyes were cast down and you put your most beeoming pout on. And now, that Tom Crichton, with his ten thousand a year, falls in love with you and wvnts to marry you, you are afraid that poor Geoff Hamilton will show him your photo graph and talk about your silly letters and make mischief, You incorrigible little flirt. It would serve you right to be treated as you have treated others. How many men have you made fools of, I wonder I A dozen I' The speaker spoke sarcastically ; her hearer was beginning to cry. The girls were sisters both young, both pretty and charming, and Letty, the younger, was a lovely, brainless, little flirt, The elder, Rosalind,.had plenty of brains, but scarcely experience enough to use. them judiciously. She was a brilliant cdrature to look at; warm-hearted and im pulsivo to a fault. There was nothing she would not dare do for one she loved, and she dearly loved her bewitching little sister, and rejoiced 'with all her heart when the genial, good-looking young fellow, Tom Crichton, who came into the neighborhood to take possession of an unexpected inheri tance, fell in love with Letty at first sight and proposed to her after a week's acquain tance. But Tom was a quick tempered, jealous, young fellow, and he had already spoken his mind to Miss Letty about her love of flirta tion. She promised, to amend her ways, bitt it was more than she could do keep her promise when temptation came in alluring guise. Another young man, Geoffrey, Hamilton by name, had quickly succumbed to the fascina tions of the younger of two daughters of the widowed Mrs Maitland, who lived in a pretty cottage in the prettiest part of Kew. It was in vain that Rosalind warned the heedless young coquette that she was treating; young Hamilton disgracefully. But in good truth the yoqng man was very well able to take care of himself. He was not very deeply wounded ; but, as soon as Crichton, appeared on the scene, he made up his mind- to punish Miss Letty, if possible, for her tricks, by pre Stnding to be broken hearted and desperately jealous. .1.i was, however, sufficiently in love to be able to put a fair amount of seriousness in his reproaches ; and when he flatly refused to giveup the photograph Letty had given him,; and one or two absurd, little notes she had written to him, and a glove he had pur loined, the silJy girl was, thoroughly frightened, and firmly persuaded that ' Tom' would hear all about it and break off his en gagement. I Had Rosalind known but how slishtly Hamilton's heart was touched she would have-quickly laughed-Letty- out -of her- fright I but when the girl solemnly assured her that (eoff was so much in love and so angry and jaalous, that she knew she meant to have his revenge, the sensible older sister forgot that she was not living in a melodramatic age, and, moreover, she quite overlooked the fact- that Hamilton being a gentleman, it waseo.t likely he would act as if he were a sneak-. So, onthe whole things were looking very sernous, when for the fiftieth time at least, Rsalind tried to make her sister confess whether she had given- Geoffthe photograph Sor whether he had taken it from Mrs Mait land's album. She had 'her own doubtful opinion on the subject, so it was.really waste Sof time to cross-question the naughty, little girl,, who was.anxious to. keep. the peace be tween the old love and the new. 'I think you are very unkind, Rosie,' she slid at last?; and if you do not believe me, how can I expect. Tom. to. dp iti' . 'I do not.expect Tom to do it.: You .talk a?if believing in you were a gymnastic feat. I know what I should do in Tom's place, if an other man told:mp:he had a -photograph of tihe girl 1 meant to marry and gloves and things-" ' Hie has only one glove anrd no thinga V in terrupted Letty, whimpering. Don't exag gera.te ;andm~I ga.ve Tom; two photographs one sitting and one standing--andfhe has heaps and heaps of letters. '. hope. the spelling is all right.' "1liope.so, He- is not much of a speller himself- He spelt ' adored' with two d's the other day---' My addored one.' It looked so funny. '-Mr Hamilton is away jist no.w, is he not. Rosalind asked" prsently. . 'Yes He went to, his sister's wedding. I wish, it was. his own.' -'He7 does. not live ijn Melbourn~, I think.' . " " 'o:;. he.has a room in Richmond,~ and Gerrard Townsend lives with him. Fie is the woman-hating person who is studying for something and never goes out 9 .. And now I suppose you are going to write to your adorled Tom I amnt geing for a walk.' 'And won'?t you advise me how to get back m, my photograph? I wish I had not given it to him. ' Oh, so you did give it - ' I am. afraid I. did,' sighed Letty. '-But She begged so hard, and said he had never cared enough for any girl to.ask- for her like ness before.' . . , ' Poor fellow. But hemusnt giveit up. Now a go and: write your letter.' And Rosalinl ran out of the room. About an hour later, a young lady, with a mackintosh on her arm, knocked at the door d of a boarding-house in a swell street in Rich me.ond. She had evidently been walking fast, for her cheeks were glowing and her eyes were bright ' This is awful,' she said to herself; as she g heard steps- approaching the door on the inside. A civil-looking woman. opened it. 'Are-arre the gentlemen at home r? the visitor asked; ' I mean-is Mr Townsend at home ? I am his sister, and he expects me, , I think. .-.Oh:,: walk:in, ma'am, if you please. JMr Townsend told me you were not cou~ing until to-morrow; he io out just now, but your room is quite ready. Have you any luggage, t ma'?nl '?. The visitor muttered something about the station as she went into the hall. ' Please < show me into the sitting-room,' she said. i 'I can wait for my brother there, -No, thank you; no tea. Is this the roomT' _ 'Yes, ma'am. The'gentlemen has this be- ' tween them. Mr Hamilton is coming back k this evening.' ' What is that noise the visitor asked. - 'Rain, ma'am. It's a thunder shower, I think. It always makes' that noise on the roof of the verandah. It's well you was under cover, ma'amr.' Rosalind gave a sigh of relief as the door at last closed behind the landlady. 'Now, if by a stroke of good fortune I can commit my - felony and get away before-my brother comes in-what an extraordinary thing that he should be expecting his sister. I suppose' (glaring at a cabinet photog, tph on the chimneypiece)' 'that is the man himself. Why, he must he forty at least! Now I wonder where Mr Geoflfkeeps his treasures ?' In a drawer, of course; but which drawer 1 1 do not half like rummn;aging among the poor man's possessions, butAhe brought it on himself.' She presently came upon a packet neatly tied up with red ribbon and sealed. She pinched it. It evidently cn:tained a photo graph, for she felt the cardi,oarld, and there was something soft that might be a glove; and surely those were withered flowers, that crackled as she pressed them ; and the more lumpy enclosures nmust be letters. Should she untie the ribbon and break the seal ? But time was passing, and there was really no necessity. Then she turned the packet over and found an inscription that settled the question. In a- man's writing were the words-' L.'s likeness and letters. Very precious,' ' Poor Geoff-! Poor, dear fellow ! How devotedly he loves her !. I anm so sorry for him. V Very precious' he calls them,' Rosa lind murmured. ' But precious or not, I must rob him of them. We cannot lose Tom. I wonder what Letty will say when she sees them ? Now, I wish I was safely out of this. I must write the tiniest scrap of a note and leave it for poor, dear Geoff.' She closed the drawer, put the packet in her pocket, and wrote hastily on a half-sheet of paper : ' L.'s sister has taken what you have no right to, keep against her will.' She had just addressed the envelope when she heard steps on the stairs ; in another moment the door was opened and a handsome young man came in. ' How awkward !' thought Rosalind. 'But I must keep up the character of Townsend's sister. Who in the world is he I The newcomer stood still and stared at her. She was.the prettiest girl he had seen for many a day, She made him a little bow. 'I am Mr Townsend's sister,' she said, 'and I expect him every moment; he does not ex pect me until to-morrow. Did not the land lady tell you I was here P' ' She.she-she did !' the young man gasped. ' What a donkey he is !' thought merciless Rosalind, quite at her ease, althouigh shi hadi just been robbing a drawer. ' 1 wonder if you would 'mind 'going too look for my brother? she said. aloud in her sweetest manner. 'It would be so very kind. It is awkward to be here all alone with-people coming in.' She gave him a smile to indicate that he was. one of the people. ' I have to go to the station for my luggage;' (' What dreadful stories I am telling.!' she added to herself ;) then aloud, ' and, perhaps, by the time I come-back he will be here.' 'i O, yo will come back, will you But it's raining cats and dogs! you'll be drenched. 'Oh,. dear no ! I have a water-proof;' .nd Rosalind"'took"'up her cloak. " Thank you,' as Ithe young man rushed forward and put it round her shoulders. 'And you will go and find --Gerald for me.'she said, turning to him with the sweetest smile. There was the slightest possible hesitation before she said the name; he noticed nothing but the beauty of her eyes. ' Thank you very, very much!' She was gone before he recovered himself, and when Geoff Hamilton came into the roomr a few minutes after, he: found his friend Townsend hanging out of the window. 'IHallo,_Gee !' he said, ' what's up You look dazed !,, Seen.a ghost' T \- No,' but the prettiest girt in the world; She was here She said"she: was my sister. She 'asked me to goand 'look for myself, while' she went to the stationriftor.h luggage.' ' Then se'll be back' t ' Not she ! Sh turned ther otrway. •* Then wlho in the world is she; and what brought her here . ' Isuspect you know' all"about itliat, you rascal ! She's one of your aoiiiiy of martyrs, I take it.' ' Rubbish ! I am.the~ martyr.! What's this ?' e had picked up Rosalind's note from the writing table. ''G. Hamilton, SEsq.' Now for the heart of the mystery,' He opened the note and read it. Then he tlhrew himself into achair with a very red Sface, Then he laughed. Then. I'm afraid h swore. . Meanwhile Rosalind, with her . heart thumping half with fright and half with k triumIph, was speeding homeward. She flew to Letty's room, and found that young person on her bed, reading a novel. 'Thert !' Rosie cried, flinging down the Spacket, 'never say again that I am not your best friend !i There are your letters and your photograph, and all the keepsakes you gave that poor, dear man from time to time; and you ought to be ashamed of your Sself !' 'What ! cried unabashed Letty. Did he give them up 1?. He is a darling !' ,' No,' answered Rosalind, calmly ;. I stole r them. ' Oh, you dear, delightful darling !. How sweet of you! Poor boy, how sorry he willi Sbe. But what fun! What is this written outside ' 'L.'s likeness and letters. Very e precious.' Poor, dear Geolf, how fond he is e of me !' And she gave a little sentimental sigh. ' Had you not better open the packet and see if you have them all right ?' said practi cal Rosie. ' Here, cut the knot.' t No sooner said thani done. A cabinet Sphotographl fell out, then a piece of deep crimnson ribbon, a few faded flowers, and two r or three notes. S 'This is such a good likeness Tom had , bet~tr have it,' said Letty,'as she' took up the picture, which had fallen face downward on the bed. 'Look, Rosie !' Rosie looked, and behold, it was a likeness of a tall, handsome girl, who bore not the s!ightest resembluuce to' winsome little Letty. Beneath'was written in a firm and dashing woman's hand the.one word 'Louie.' The sisters looked at one another with blank,faces' A glance at the notes revealed the 'same dashing hand. - ' So you are not the only one, and I made afool of myself and robbed the man's drawer for nothing !' cried Rosalind. ' O, if I had but known !'. S'Never mind, dear,' said Letty; ' I am sure I don't. But I wish I knew what he sees to admire in that black woman. Just -pack her up and send her back to him.' A tap at the door interrupted them. It was a maid to annonce that Mr Townsend was in thedrawing-room. He wanted to see Miss Maitland for a few minutes on business. He had a message and a little packet to deliver. 'Tell Mr Townsend I am coming directly,' said Rosalind. ' Oh, Rosie I do you mind 1' cried Letty as the maid went out. 'He has sent my pic ture, I suppose, and he wants his black woman back. Tell him we think her fright ful. Are you sure you do not mind seeing him V 'Not in the least,' said Rosalind. ' I saw his likeness in their sitting-room and he is plain and elderly. Give me those things, and trust to my ingenuity to get myself out of the scrape. They cannot say much -:hen they know it was another girl's. photograph I carried off.' And just as she was---in her muddy little boots and with the wind-blown, untidy hair -.-she went down stairs; and it still is, and it ever will remain, a mystery what those two. said to one another when they stood face to face. But Geoffgot hack his precious packet and Letty got her photograph ; she gave it to Tom forthwith and he was delighted. She is now Mrs Chrichton. Hamilton was finally captured by a pretty young widow. I do. not know what become of L' Louie,' but Rosalind married Gerard Town send, and he still thinks. she is the prettiest woman in the world. 