SPORTING NOTES. Bf " HlffKABKKX.r> Being to some extent guided by the recent V.R.C. Autumn MeetiDg, Mr. Soarr has enooeeded in framing a very flattering adjustment of the Rowley Mile and Hawks- hnro TTand;<iATS. In both events Tom Brown heads the list. In the " Mile " the veteran has been allotted 9at., but Danlop, Abner, Chesham, Tamarisk, Straight Shot, Soldier Boy, and fioneyoomh should all bold him pretty safe. With 8st. 12lb., however, over a mile and a half course, the sbn of Kelpie shonid be hard to beat, and it is probable that he will be reserved for the longer distance. Sardios Is off colour, and The Jewel ia well taken care of in the matter of weight. Honey dew has been too long- on the shelf for me to venture an opinion of his chances, but Danlop, with 8st, 41b., is a horse whiob is entitled to lb© greatest respect. The Levite at 8st> also looks well, and if the cat jumps in the right direction, I should advise backers to " oatph on" to the son of Yattendon. Dagoberfc iB a very consistent performer, and if well on the day is bound to run prominently ; and Invermay, Rufus, Lancer, and Phaon are all nicely weighted- Among the light division, the ancient Willeroo and Goldlake, The Wreck and Honeycomb appear to me to possess the most likely chances) The general entries for the Hawkeebnry meeting are fairly satisfactory, and as the programme inelodes snoh popular ilems as the Antnmn Handioap and 'Rowley Mile, there is little doubt but that the meeting, which commences on the last day of the present month, will prove as successful as that of last year, v How -we small apples do swim 1 The Shepparton Torf Olub finding itself ah\e to todme, is disposed to be despotio, and I hear that, in its mighty ooncern for the wel fare of the colonial turf, it has taken alarm at the number of country clubs which are anrinfdns into existence, and intends oom munioating with the . V B.O., with a lew of asking . the self -constituted horseraeing Parliament to prohibit all meetings, unless £60 or £70 iB given away in prises in one day. How long ago is it since the mighty Sheptarton Torf dub was as obtonre and uncertain of future organisation. It had its infantile Inoeption, ana it ill becomes the club, now that it begins to feel its feet, to try and interfere with the progress of other racing clubs, i will be bound to say that the Shepparton club will find full scope for its sport-promoting energies in attending to its own affaire, 1 and if the members 4 will only apply that familiar proverb "Let the cobbler ! stick to his last," they will do more for the | interests of the sport they- are so solioitoui about, than by meddlesome interference te a | matter wiuphdogs not healthy condition of the torf -does not so maoh depend en the amonnt of prize money givsn away, it is the manner in which a r&oe; meeting is conciaeted by the etewatde, and without any reflection cn the exeontiveof the Shepparton Club, the opinion may be ven tared that some elnbs which cannot afford to distribute more than £50, or bo, in a day's prizes have on their oommittee gentlemen who are quite as competent to carry out the duties devolving upon them, and may obsnee to possess quite as mnoh collective wisdom as the Bhepparton Turf Club. X would not have given so much prominence to the matter were it not that I am altogether opposed to any measure which places obstruc tions in the way of legitimately-conducted sport. Why should not a number of persons gat np an afternoon's racing If they choose, and if the rules of the V.RC. are strictly en forced, there is little fear of the sport degenerating, even though the stakes competed for may be small. Mr. J. C. Stamp, hon. secretary of the Bendigo Jockey Club, telegraphs that, at a meeting of the committee on oaonaay nigni, it was decided to hold their Winter meeting on Wednesday, the 29th Jane. The programme for the next meeting at Moonee Valley, on Saturday, 2nd April, will comprise "he Trial Slakes, April Handioap, Selling Hurdle Race, and Selling Flat Race, all of 50 sovs j ad the Autumn Handicap and Vineyard Handinap, of 75 sovs. each. Entries Close on the 28th inst. The following dates have been selected In the North Gippriand Coursing Club for the various events to be run for duriDg the forthcoming season : — AU-oomers' Stake, April 20, 21 ; Ladies' Bracelet Stakes, May 24 ; Airlv Poppy Stakes, Jane 22, 23 ; Champion S'ahe . July 20, 21 ; Consolation Stakes, .ugust 24 25. Mr. John Monday has again been re-elected hon. judge, and Mr. Joseph Clues appointed slipper. Martini-Henry's half-brother, Silver Prince, has, says "Pboetin " of " The Auck land Weekly News," not after all turned out a bad investment to the Hon. W. Bobinson, as on the third day of the Dunedin Jockey Club's Meeting he proved equal to the taek of winnine both the Forbury and Flying Handioaps in great style. There seems to bs an impression in the South that the oolfe will develop into a stayer ; hut I shall still hold to my formerly expressed belief, that his best races will be over a mile and a quarter and under. Referring to Lord Wilton's victory in the V.BXJ. Autumn Handicap, "Trumpator" says:—" The Adelaide division especially failed to get on the winner. Mr. Ellis, the owner of the horse, races for his own benefit, and he.deteimined to work the commission so as to get a good prioe. To accomplish this he went into the ring when the betting opened and backed All Gold. Seeing that there was no money for Wilton, and that those who generally support the Coronet Lodge horses were backing either All Gold or Satyr, the 1 clever' members of the ring knocked Wilton back until just as the horses were at the post 100's to 5 were offered. Then Mr. Ellis went in and got bis money on at very nice prices, his last wager being 600 to 100 from the Leviathan. When this was being done all the people who would have backed Wilton, had they not thchgbt there was something wrong, were away from the betting ring, and very few knew the horse was backed until after the race was over. Had Wilton been backed openly from the start his owner would have had to take bis money at 3 to 1, whereas by playing the clever ' game be got his moviey at more than double the odds. Lord Wilton ia a very popular horse, and has plenty of consistent followers, who missed him on this occasion ; but, as Mr. Ellis says, they do not £av for his keep, and when he has got a good winning chance, he wants the cream of the market himself, and he makes no secret of the f that ho made up his miod to get it on this occasion." From a casual glance at the weights for the Sydney Cup, I should' take Tom Brown, Lord Wilton, Silver mine, The Levite, Ringmaster, Invermay, Lancer, and Willero as possessing the most favourable ohanceB. The ' Sporting Life" states that Mr. Boberi Peck has sold The Bard for 10 000 guineas to Mt. H Say, a well-knovn French sportsman, for stud purposes. Few horses hve been more anathematised than Corioianus, who, I hear, has at length reti ed to the stud, and 1b standing near Tbargomindah in QaeenBlSnd. The Shepparton Turf Club's winter meet ing has been fixed for the 29th of Jose. Though a trifle remote, the Craubonrne Meeting is always a favourite one with metropolitan racing men, and there is little fear bat that the gathering which takes place to-day will attract its quota of town visitors, A' special train has been arranged for, leaving Prince's Bridge at 10.40 a.m., and calling at Oaulfield. At Djandenosg donybyacces will be in waiting. The return special train will leave Dandenong at 7-15 p.m. In the Hurdle Race I like Earirail, LeporeUa, , and Sweet meat, and Orlando, Liddington, and Oeaweed may supply the winner of the Gill Stakes. Acfcmet, Jim Gain, and Vasob read well in' the Orsmboorne Handicap, while Stag or Uiiaira+hu may aanex the Steeplechase. By winning the 3s KiWa Cap as Oao field on iMnray test Abn-e bv.s incurred a 51b »ms!tv for the Svrf-ey Cup, which will br »g ;.£« « the ub in 6- 5H». L\v Lu s Hf and Volcano have bees njritvhcii for riit; S; &nd; the last- named pair have also been struck out of the Bowley Mile and Hawkesbury Handioap. The secession of Volcano and Hexham at the present juncture is not to be wondered at, for they were both out of form. Mr. T. Lamond has registered and named three youngsters at the A.J.O. office. A colt by Epigram from Lily is called Sandy ; one by Gloucester from Queensdale, Perth ; and another by Grand Master from Maid of the Hills, Postmaster. Bobinson Crusoe and Cocoanut, the sire and dam of Navigator and Trident, are to be scld by Messrs. Yaille and Go. on the 5th April. It is doubtful if there has ever been a more arrant deceiver on the Victorian turf than The Ghost, whose private form is such that his psrty have backed him time after time without success. On the track the sen of Hamlet can get over any distance np to a mile with the best of them, but directly the colours are up he is altogether a different animal. At first his party flew at high game with him, hut repealed disappointments induced them to pit him with the "platers." Bui he proved by his running on Saturday that even in this degenerate company he ia not to be relied on, and after the manner Maroney pat him down, it is doubtful if he will ever be again entrusted to win any stable money. The. "atmosphere" was decidedly sultry for . backers at Oaulfield. and 'some of the bookmakers, I am creditably informed, made as much as £1,000 by the demolition of the favourites. With a view of minimising as far as pos sible the chances of accident, the start for the Steeplechase at Oaulfield on Saturday took place close to the log wall. The innovation was a successful one, for all the horses got over the first fence without a mistake. The Mansfield races were held on Thursday and Friday. The following are the results : —Maiden Plate : Here's Luck, 1 ; Hardle Race: Try Me, 1 ; Maree, 2; Shire Handioap : Ash Briton, I ; Gymro, 2 ; Selling Baoe : Princess, 1 ; Boiheram, 2 ; Selling Hardle Race : Maree, 1 ; Express, 2 ; Farmers' Puree- Ovmrn. 1 : Vndna. 2 Selling Stakes : Princess, 1 ; Little Boy, 2 ; Steward's Purse : Gymro, 1 ; Kudos, 2 ; Railway Stakes : Gymro, 1 ; Reality, 2. At the torn Maroon was fairly palling her rider oat of the saddle in the Hardle Baee at Oaulfield on Saturday, but onoe into the straight, she was passed in a most surprising manner. Guided by appearances, the stewards brought Birr, the mare's rider, np for an explanation, bat the statement of the jockey removed the impression that the mare was not ridden to win, and as the owner produced satisfactory evidence that he had backed his mare, the testimony given was deemed sufficient. William Tell ran a wonderfully good horse in the South Yarra Haudioap. At the tarn he was nearly las1 ; but onoe fairly landed into the straight he shot past his horses one by one, until he only had Vascosa in front of him. He " hung in," however, a few lengths from home and lost his chance, To show how unreliable private tests are, il may be mentioned that Vascosa was hopelessly beaten in a trial on the training- ground by Approbation. The spin was considered so satisfactory thai Approbation was backed down to 5 to 2 for the South Yarra Handicap, while long odds could be had about Vascosa. In ths race, however, ths mare, who was not backed by the Btable, triumphed, and Approbation was badly beaten. The sum collected for P. M'Gowan, who was injured while riding Framlingham in the Steeplechase, at Oaulfield, amounts to £61 los. 6d. App obation has gone into P. Kelly's stable, and the probabilities are that next time he is backed he will be ia better form than he was on Saturday. ' After being put- down in such a signal manner at Albury, Abuse can't have such a great chance of appropriating the Sydney Cap, for to win Booh & raoe as the principal event of the A J.O. " fall" meeting, he would require to be able to easily put down a moderate performer like. Bees wing. One of the best sportsmen in Ausralia is the Hoh. J. E⩽, and the news that he as won the Glen Inais Gup, of .200 sovs., with the aid of Emerald, a colt by Crown Prince, from Obrysoiite, will be well received among those who know him. - By the middle of the year the railway authorities anticipate to have the much-needed alterations at the Williamstown Racing Club siding, near Laverton, in a completed state. The club themselves also expect their new ! grand stand to be completed, which will hold I about 3,000 persons/and cost something over I £6000. The railway reform includes a new platform, roomy enough for two trams to get rid of their loads at the one time. Its length will be about 500ft. The present plat form of wood will be superseded by one of stone and asphalt. Between sixty and seventy carriages will be given stand ing room at the same time, as the num ber of rails are to be quadrupled- This, in addition to the doubled line from Newport, ticket and telegraph office, and other improve- j matiti', will render this course very complete, &u;<! the vexatious delays and blocks? --- that have hitherto occurred will be .dispensed witb. 