CHAPTER XI. THE FROWNING CITY. For an hour or more I sat waiting (Umslopogaas having meanwhile gone to sleep also) till at length the east turn ed grey, and huge misty shapes moved over the surface of the waler like ghosts of long-forgotten dawns. They were the vapours rising from their watery bed to greet the sun. Then the grey turned to primrose, and the primrose grew to red. Next glorious bars of light sprang up across the eastern sky, and through them the radiant messengers of the dawn came speeding upon their arrowy way, scattering the ghostly vapours and awaking the mountains with a kiss, as they flew from range to range and longitude to longitude. Another mo ment and the golden gates were open and the sun himself came forth as a bridegroom out of his chamber, with pomp and glory and a flashing as of ten million spears, and embraced the night and covered her with bright- ness, and it was day. But as yet I could see nothing save the beautiful blue sky above, for over the water was a thick layer of mist exactly as though the whole surface had been covered with billows of cot- ton wool. By degrees, however, the sun sucked up the mists, and then I saw that we were afloat upon a glorious sheet of blue water of which I could not make out the shore. Some eight or ten miles behind us, however, there stretched as far as the eye could reach a range of precipitous hills that form- ed a retaining wall of the lake, and I have no doubt but that it was through some entrance in these hills that the subterranean river found its way into the open water. Indeed, I afterwards ascertained this to be the fact, and it will be some indication of the ex- traordinary strength and directness of the current of the mysterious river that the canoe, even at this distance, was still answering to it. Presently, too, I, or rather Umslopogaas, who woke up just then, discovered another indication, a very unpleasant one it was. Perceiving some whitish object upon the water Umslopogaas called my attention to it, and with a few strokes of the paddles brought the canoe to the spot, whereupon we dis- covered that the obiect was a body of a man floating face downwards. This was bad enough, but imagine my horror when Umslopogaas laving turned him on to his back with the paddle we recognised in the sunken features the lineaments of--whom do you suppose ? None other than our poor servant who had been sucked down two days before in the waters of the subterranean river. It gave me quite a turn. I thought that we had left him behind for ever, and behold! borne by the current, he had made the awful journey with us, and with us had reached the end. His appearance also was very dreadful. He had been a black man, now lie was a livid white, for the boiling water had scalded off nearly all his outer skin. Also he bore traces of having touched the pillar of fire-one arm being completely shrivelled up and all his hair being burnt off. The features were, as I have said, sunken; and yet they pre served upon them that awful look of despair that I had seen upon his living face as the poor fellow was sucked down. Really the sight quite un- nerved me, weary and shaken as I felt with all that we had gone through, and I was heartily glad when suddenly and without any warning the body began to sink just as though it had had a mission, which having been accomplished, it retired; the real reason no doubt being that turning it on its back allowed a free passage to the gas. Down it went into the transparent depths - fathom after fathom we could trace its course till at last along line of bright air bubbles, swiftly chasing each other to the surface, alone remained where it had passed. At length these, too, were gone, and that was an end of our poor servant. Umslopogaas thoughtfully watched the body vanish. 'What did he follow us for?' he asked. ' 'Tis an ill omen for thee and me, Macumazahn.' And he laughed. I turned on him angrily, for I dis like these unpleasant suggestions. If people have such ideas, they ought in common decency to keep them to themselves. I detest individuals who make one the subject of their dis- agreeable presentiments, or who, when they dream that they saw one hanged as a common felon, or some such horror, will insist upon telling one all about it at breakfast, even if they have to get up early to do it. Just then, however, the others woke up and began to rejoice exceedingly at finding that we were out of that dreadful river and once more beneath the blue sky. Then followed a babel of talk and suggestions as to what we were to do next, the upshot of all of which was that as we were excessively hungry, and had nothing whatsoever left to eat except a few scraps of biltong (dried game-fish), having abandoned all that remained of our provisions to those horrible fishwater crabs, we determined to make for the shore. But now a new difficulty arose. We did not know where the shore was, and, with the exception of the cliffs through which the sub- terranean river made its entry, could see nothing but a wide expanse of sparkling blue water. Observing, however, that the long flights of aquatic birds kept flying from our left we concluded that they were advanc- ing from their feeding-grounds on shore to pass the day in the lake, and accordingly headed the boat towards the quarter whence they came and began to paddle. Before long, how ever, a stiffish breeze sprang up, blow- ing directly in the direction we wanted, so we improvised a sail with a blanket and the pole, which took us along merrily. This done, we proceeded to devour the remains of our biltong, washed down with the sweet lake water, and then lit our pipes and awaited whatever might turn up. When we had been, sailing for an hour, Good, who was searching the horizon with the spy-glass, suddenly announced joyfully, that he saw land, and pointed out that, from the change in the colour of the water, he thought we must be approaching the mouth of a river. In another minute we pre ceived a great golden dome, not un like that of St. Paul's, piercing the morning mists and while we were wondering what in the world it could be, Good reported another and still more important discovery, namely, that a small sailing-boat was advanc- ing towards us. This bit of news, which we were very shortly able to verify with our own eyes, threw us into a considerable flutter. That the natives of this unknown lake should understand the art of sailing seemed to suggest that they possessed some degree of civilisation. In a few more minutes it became evident that the occupant or occupants of the advanc- ing boat had made us out. For a moment or two she hung in the wind as though in doubt, and then came tacking towards us with great swift- ness. In ten more minutes she was within a hundred yards, and we saw that she was a neat little boat-not a canoe 'dug out,' but built more or less in the European fashion with planks, and carrying a singularly large sail for her size. But our at- tention was soon diverted from the boat to her crew, which consisted of a man and woman, nearly as white as ourselves. We stared at each other in amaze- ment, thinking that we must be mis- taken; but no, there was no doubt about it. They were not fair, but the two people in the boat were decidedly of a white as distinguished from a black race, as white, for instance, as Spaniard and Italians. It was a patent fact. So it was true, after all; and mysteriously led, by a Power be yond our own, we had discovered this wonderful people. I could have shouted for joy when I thought of the glory and the wonder of the thing; and as it was, we all shook hands and contratulated each other on the success of our wild search. All my had I heard rumours of a white race that existed in the highlands of the interior of this vast continent, and longed to put them to the proof, and now here I saw it with my own eyes, and was dumb- foundered. Truly, as Sir Henry said, the old Roman was right when he wrote- 'Ex Africa semper aliquid novi,' which he tells me means that out of Africa there always comes some new thing. The man in the boat was of a good but not particularly fine physique, and possessed straight black hair, regular aquiline features and an intelligent face. He was dressed in a sort of brown cloth garment, some thing like a flannel shirt without the sleeves, and in an unmistakable kilt of the same material. The legs and feet were bare. Round the right arm and left leg he wore thick rings of yel low metal that I judged to be gold. The woman had a sweet face, wild and shy, with large eyes and curling brown hair. Her dress was of the same material as the man's, and con sisted, as we afterwards discovered first of a linen under-garment that hung down to her knee, and then of a single long strip cf cloth, about four wide by fifteen feet long, which was wound round the body in graceful folds and finally flung over the left shoulder so that the end, which was dyed blue or purple or some other colour, according to the social standing of the wearer, hung down in front, the right arm and breast being, how ever, left quite bare. A more becom ing dress, especially when, as in the present case, the wearer was young and pretty, it is quite impossible to conceive. Good (who has an eye for such things) was greatly struck with it, and so indeed was I. It was so simple and yet so effective. Meanwhile, if we had been astonished at the appearance of the man and woman, it was clear that they were far more astonished at us. As for the man, he appeared to be overcome with fear and wonder, and for a whike hovered round our canoe, but would not approach. At last, however, he came within hailing distance, and called to us in a language that sounded soft and pleasing enough, but of which we could not understand one word. So we hailed back in English, French, Latin, Greek, German, Zulu, Dutch, Sisutu, Kukuana, and a few other na- tive dialects that I am acquainted with, but our visitor did not under- stand any of these tongues; indeed they appeared to bewilder him. As for the lady she was busily employed in taking stock of us, and Good was returning the compliment by staring at her hard through his eyeglass, a proceeding that she seemed rather to enjoy than otherwise. At length the man, being unable to make anything out of us, suddenly headed his boat round and began to head off for the shore, his little boat skimming away before the wind like a swallow. As she passed across our bows the man turned to attend to the large sail, and Good promptly took the opportunity to kiss his hand to the young lady. I was horrified at this proceeding, both on general grounds and because I feared she might take offence, but to my delight she did not, for first, glanc- ing round and seeing that her hus- band, or brother, or whoever it was, was engaged, she promptly kissed hers back. 'Ah!' said I. 'It seems that we have at last found a language that the people of this country understand.' 'In which case,' said Sir Henry, 'Good will prove an invaluable inter- preter.' I frowned, for I do not approve of Good's frivolities, and he knows it, and turned the conversation to more serious subjects. 'It is very clear to me,' I said, 'that that man will be back before long with a host of his fellows, so we had best make up our minds as to how we are going to re- ceive them.' 'The question, is how will they re ceive us,' said Sir Henry. (To be continued.) [Falk's Baking Powder. Undoubtedly the best. Use no other. Ask your Store keeper for it. Pianos by Lipp, Schwechten, Neufele, and Helling & Spangenberg, built expressly for the Climate P. Falk & Co., Cliff Street, Fremantle.] 