AMUSEMENTS. u The Silver King," one of the most popular pieces ever staged at the Theatre Royal, is to oe revived there to-night with a strong cast, though oue different iu many respects from the last Been here. Mr. Titheradge will repeat his striking impersonation as Wilfred Denver, Mr. Haus Phillips resumes the part of the apngutiy Corkett, ana Aliss Jeuny >> au- Tanner will be seen again as Mrs. Bkinuer. Mi Annie Mayor's old part as Nellie Denver now falls to Mi-ss Isabel Morris, and Mr. Phillip Beck replaces Mr. Herbert Fiemming as The Spider. One of tbc chief features of interest iu the new revival will be the appearance of Mr. G. W. Anson iu a pathetic role as Jaikes, and playgoers will bo curious to see Mr. Oliy Dueling as Old Father Christmas, the pait in which poor Mr. Redwood made such a hit. The management will stage the drama a3 hereto fore — thoroughly .well, and the revival is sure to attract crowds. At Her Majesty's Theatre 44 Henry V" ha3 entered upon .is last six nights. Much has been said of the admirable staging of the great bhukesperian drama and of -Mr. Kiguold's fine acting therein. What may be termed the 44 machinery " of the play now runs very smoothly, and theatre-goers should not miss the great spectacles provheJ by the management. Next Saturday the pretty comedy 44 Alone" will be revived, when Mr. Kignoid will be seen once more as the blind Colonel Challis. With this 44 Black-eyed Susan" will be played, aud as the double bill has not. beeu put forward for several years the revival will be freshly attrac tive. "Twelfth Night, or What You Will," is announced for production at the Criterion Theatre to-night by the Hollowav management. On this occasion Miss Essie Jeuyns will make her fir3t appearaucn iu Sydney as viola, a romantic character which she should make very attrac tive. Mr. W. J. Hollowav will play Malvloio, aud the inn of the comedy should be in good hands with Mr. Norman as Sir Toby Belch aud Mr. Hodson as Aguecheek. Miss Constance Deonvyn joins the cast as the Countess Olivia, and new dresses aud scenery arc promised. .Monday is a "command night." "Romeo and Juliet" was played for the lust time last night to a crowded house. Miss Amy.Sherwin made her farewell ap pearance at tho Opera House last uight, before a crowded aud enthusiastic house. Tho artist sang a pretty song, by Mr. G. A. Sherwin, called "The Old Story," with words by Mr. Kenueth Mackay ; highly scutiuicnlal, indeed, yet uot without a louch of poetry iu them. As an encore, " Love hu3 Eyes" was given, and later in the evening the singer's wonderful aud exhausting reuderiug of the 44 Queen of Night" aria was repeated. Here, too, au eucore became imperative, and Gounou'a lightly tuneful, 44Qu roulez-vous allor" (with violin obligato) was given with the same appealing gentleness of expression with which Miss Snenvin charac terises his 44 Serenade." The singer was loaded with flowers, spontaneous tributes to the bright modesty of demeanour which has eudearcd her to many un audience since «he came here. Herr Rhodes played some new pieces from his very extensive repertoire, gaining hearty encores aud applause, and Miss Fischer aud Mr. Tiugcombe were also well received. The latter saug with spirit a merry rollicking song, 44 The Anchor's A-Trip " ( G. A. .Sherwin), which should be very popular. The majority of the company leave by the Birk- gate for Queensland at noon to-day, but Mmu. Sherwin and her manager, Herr Hugo Gorlitz, travel overland by cay stages in order to give the prima donna needed change or air and scene. I'he company open at thy Town-hall, Brisbane, on the 28th inst., where they will give six con certs. Iu these we heartily wish Miss A toy Sherwin the same success that haa followed her in other parts of Australia. The Gaiety Theatre will rc-open next Satnr- dav under the management of Messrs. A. Dum pier and L. Foley, with tbe Dampier company. The little theatre has been put in tbe hands of the carpeuters and decorators during the past few weeks, and the stage has been enlarged and improved so as to admit of better scenic effect. The inside of the building is to be entirely re modelled; the walls, ceiling and proscenium re painted, papered and decorated by one of the best artists in the city. The large and much- disliked gallery will entirely disappear and a bran new dress-circle be erected in its place, furnished most tastefully anu luxuriously. The modes of escape are all excellent and more than required by law. There arc lire escape- doors on one floor and all of more than the required width, 80 that in this respect the theatre lies without blame of any description. The season will open with a new Irish drama, 44 Shamus O'Brien," and other novelties are in hand for the coming season. Mr. F. Guuther will continue to represent Mr. Dampier as business manager. At the Academy of Music Messrs. Davison and Wilka will taltc their benefit to-night, when a new piece called 44 Fisher's Ghost," aboumliug in spectral illusions, will be produced. A per formance will be given this afternoon to which chiidrcu will be admitted at Gd. each, and these two performances will close the "Ghost" season, Cottiers' People's Concerts, so successful in the past, will he held as usual at the Protestant- hall lo- nlght, when u strung minstrel combina tion will appear. The Columbia Elite Skating Rink will re open at the Exhibition Building to-day, wheu skating will go ou both iu the afternoon und evening to the strains of a good hand. The Muuly Aquarium will be open as usual this afternoon aud evening and on Suuday, when special attractions are offered in addi tion to the tanks and - seals, pretty scenery on the way down, and a complete change of air. The 'Rockdale Floral Carnival and Canary Show will be open for the last time to-day, aud special return tickets will be issued to Lady Robinson's Beach nt cheap rates, including tramfare and admission to the carnival. The Watson's Bay Flower Show re-opens this afteruoou, and will be accessible during the evening, when there will he a concert. Steamers are carryiug passengers there and back for Gd. Professor Aoder&on;, the "Wizard of tbe North," gives a matinee this afternoon at the Burwood School of Arts, and hs this is the professor's last appearance here the entertain ment shonld draw a large audience. £ On Wednesday, October 5, Front's beantiful uautata, "Alfred," will be produced in the Ash- field School of Arts under the conductorship of Mr. Albert Fisher. The chorus will consist of 80 voices, the principals being Mr. Ed. Deane, Mr. Frank Brewer and Mr. Alex. Edward. At a special meeting of the members of the Waverley Social and Dramatic Club, held at Stratton's Hotel, Waverley, the following were elected a committee in place of the exist ing provisional committee Mr, W. Martin, president ; Mr. J. Fletcher, M.P., vice-presi dent ; Mr. J. E. Justelius, hon. secretary ; Mr. E. B'. Fisher, hon. treasurer : Dr. de Lambert, Mr. J. Fullford, Mr. D. C. Kilburu, Mr. T. J. Dickson, Mr. J. Baaaett. The Newtown branch of the Society of St. Vinceut du Paul gave a very successful enter tainment in the Oddfellows'-hull, Newtown, on Thursday eveniug last. The affair was musi cally and financially a success. At the conclu sion of tbe concert the ball was cleared for dancing. The music was supplied by Mr. Pearce Healey and Mr. Thos. Cullsbaw was M.C. ______ 