S :Adamstown.. soial- tea and publi~e-meeting was held last evening in the Carrington Hall in con nection with the local Baptist Church. The ten, which was first-class, was provided by Mr. T. Baker, and reflected mulih credit upon that popular caterer. About 110 sat down to the good things provided, and were waited on by nMesdames Jolhn Davis and H. Bull, and Misses E. Wilson, .Lovell, E. Lovdon, C. Wilson, Annie Loydon, M. Davis, and M. Woods. The public meeting was well attoi'ded, and Mr. J. Ingram presided. \- The OCRAInAc N, m opening the meeting; said that inivitations had.been sent to the Primitive .Metlhoedist and., Lay Methodist Churches. Mr. R. Adams was p&escnt; to re present the Lay Methodist. Mr. Hctheiring ton was to hliavo represented the Primitive Church, but was unable to be present. If any members of that church were present, lihe would invite them to come forward. He then called upon Mr. Richard Adams, of the Lay Methodist Church, to address the meeting. Mr. ADAMs was pleased to be with them for more reasons than one. He was always pleased to be with .the people of God, and with those that were cndeavouring to do good. The Baptist Church were ondeavour ing to do good to those around thiem. It reminded him of the time when the Lay Methodists were endeavouring to form a church in Adamstown. They commenced with six or seven members, and kept adding to their number, and at present they had a strong church and a place to worship God in. He just mentioned those facts sB as to en courage tliem intlite goobd noi-k, and lie would impress upon them to work earnestly and God would bless them. (Applause). Miss Young sang a solo very nicely, after which The Rev. Mr. BAr5NETT, Congregational minister, of Wrallsond, addressed the meet ing. He was there to show his sympathy for those vwho were endeavouring to form a clhurch in Adamstown. While he walked through tlie township tlhmt day he came to the conclusion that there was plenty of room to work and form another church in Adams town.. The speaker proceeded, at some length to show the glorious advantages of being a:cliild of God, and living in hopes of meeting with tlhe Savidur in Heaven. He concluded an able address amid applause. ' Miss Jenkins favoured the, company with a solo, which met with the approval of the audience. The Roev. D. Yonvxo, of Lambton, said he' was pleased to see such a large number present, especially such a largo gathering of the fair sex. They had come to Adamstown to form a church, and their reason for doing so was because they felt an interest in the people, and believing there was abundance of work for another church. The speaker then turned his attention to the young people, giving them soie sound advice, and disclos ing the advantages of religion. He exhorted them to seek shellter in the church of God. He hoped their labours in Adamstown would be blessed, and that they would still go. on progressing in the good work. (Applause.) Miss H. Young and Miss Dawkins next favoured the company with aneatly-rendered duet. The Rev. J. STRnAUGeAN, of Parramatta, said during thle past few days hle hlad been enlightened considerably with regard to the mining districts, and came to the conclusion that, in spite of the large number of chlurches in the district, there was abundance of work for more. He was very sorry to see such a great number of young men hanging about public-houses, who probably hlad not been reached by the churches. They were a young church, and they would have to work earnestly. It required them to devote some of their time to sacred nprayer, and unless thley did so their want of ffaith would always be a stumbling block to them. They were sent there to do good, and unless they worked earnestly, and became filled with the Holy Spirit, their labours would be in vain, but if they were attentive to the work of God, and became full of the Holy Ghost, the peolple of Adamstown would soon know it. Ho trusted every Christian connected with the churchl would not leave all the work to Messrs. Ingram and Young. Theoy had good leaders, undoubtedly, but if they were left to do all the work the church would fail. It needed all to do their parts, and then thero was no fear of the result. lie hoped God would bless their efforts. (Loud applause.) Miss Mary Davis sang a solo very nicely, after which a collection was taken up and liberally responded to. The CrAIcruAN stated that the total ex pense in securing preachers during the seven months they hlad been in Adamstown only amounted to about 18s.' 'Votes of thanks to thie ladies for presi.ing at the tea tables, the speakers, choir, chair man and tho press concluded a vcry success ful meeooting. Mrs. E. Wilson presided at the piano dur-. ing the oevening, and Mr. John Young con ducted tho singing. 