In Search of a Wife. -4-- CHAPTEIR XLX. lARGARET HAS A PAIN IN IIER IIHEAUTT. Mns. MOOGERIDGE was highly respect able. I will allow that her grammar was shaky. She could not spell, and her writing was simply disgraceful; but she was the widow of a tallow chandler and an alderman, and .she was worth a plum. When her husband was alive, and was one of the pillars of the State, they maintained a splendid establish ment, and kept the best of company; and you might have met at their table everybody in the City of any conse quence whatever, even up to the Lord Mayor himself. But now Mr. Moggeridge was dead. hirs. Moggeridge, having sold the business, retired into private lifo- that is to say, into Mlecklenburgh Square-that most austeerly-genteel and deadly- lively locality; where, after the year of weeds and tribulation, she took very kindly to the pleasures of this world, gave some very snug little dinner parties to a chosen few, did a good deal in the way of charitable bazaars, districtvisiting, Sunday-school superintending, and old-woman-main taining, and was, as I have already told you, eminently respectable. Supposing she was ahttle vulgar, put an 'h' or two in the wrong place, and at dinner called the greens cabbage, have not rich people a right to do what they choose in these matters ? It is only us pemniless ones who must mind our P's and Q's. ' Lor' bless you, child !' Mrs. Mog gerbridge exclaimed to Margaret, the seconid day that young lady was in the former's house-' Lor" bless you child, what can money do? Just look at these hands of mine! Did you ever see such fists? Is it not shameful? And yet I'd lay a hundred pounds ·there's many a high-born lady would jump at the chance of changing her delicate taper fingers for them,.onlyto have the handling of half my money!' 'There's many a rich lady who might change heairts with you, dear madam, and benefit by the change.' 'There, there! I"I woxe't: have thit,. you know ! If I wis not quite certain that you really .meant what you "say, .you silly little thing, I shbuld be very angry with you.. And mind, dnce for all, I won't be called madam.' 'What am I to call you?' asked Margaret, smiling. ? 'Well, I don'tknow, Iavin sure. My Christian name's Jomima, if ever you heard of such a thing; but you can't call me that, and the short of it would be worse, because it's the name of my. poodle.' ' May I call you- ' ' Call me what ?' ' Call you dear.' 'That's just what I should:like you to call me,' replied the stout lady, catching hold of Margaret's head be tween her hands with one of those sudden movements whiich she so de lighted in, and fairlykissed the girl's breath away. Margaret was regularly established by this time, as Mrs. Moggeridge's companion. Her duties were not very arduous. She read to the widow, and played her tunes upon the piano in the twilight-or sometimes when there was company, for a short time after dinner; but whenever she was called upon to do these things for Mrs. Moggeridge's sole amusement, had not the labour been one of love, it could not have grown very tedious on account of its length, because the good lady in variably went to sleep after the first live minutes. She wrote Mrs. Moggeridge's letters. when there were any to be written,'and kept her accounts; although, for that matter, the alderman's widow- had herself a tolerably clear head for "igures, and had been til her life, as she told Margaret with. exultation, a first-rate hand at 'adding up' and 'subtraction.' The time passed pleasantly enough It rarely hung heavily upon their bands, for what with the bazaars and the charities, the district visiting, and the perpetual grumblings and griov ances of the old women pensioners, 'who seemed positively to persist in always having something the matter with them which 'doctory's stuff' made no way against, the two ladies found quite enough to do one way and another. Although Margaret was at times very uneasy about her mother, concern ing whose welfare she was continually making inquiries, and to whom, from time to time, with Mrs. Moggeridge's permission, she sent little presents anonymously, and small sums of money-although she could never feel entirely happy, because of a recollec tion, and a regret, and a yearning for the love which she had forsaken, which, in spite of herself, would creep over her and sadden her heart at its most joyous moment--the time slipped by, and looking back one day, she was quite astonished to find that she had been Mrs. Moggeridges companion more than a month. One morning they were seated at breakfast. They had been out for a walk, and Mrs. Moggeridge's old women had been even more trouble some than usual, so it was nearly half-: past eleven when they sat down to table, and it was quite twelve before they had finished. WVhile they were so occupied, there was a double knock at the door. ' WVho's that, I wonder ?' said Mrs. Moggeridge, which was just exactly what she said in nine cases out of ten when anybody called; and the tenth time it was, ' Who on earth can that be ?' .After a short interval, the street door was opened, and a strange voice was heard; then the door shut again, and the servant's steps were heard coming towards the breakfast-parlour instead of mounting to the drawing-room. ''He's not come in, whoever it is,' said Mrs. Moggeridge. Christopher entered the room, and handed his mistress a letter. 'Lor' bless me!' cried that?,;1idy. 'Where's he gone? What did he go .for? What did he say ?' 'I told the gentleman you were at breakfast, ma'am.' 'You great big stupid, you're al ways telling somebody something, "you are! 'iRun out and call him back this instant, and say I've done, and that I want to see him.' Then, running to the window, that vulgar soul peeped out over the top of the wire blind, and catching sight of a gentleman getting on to a horse in front of the house, began to tap her fingers against the window-panes, and telegraph to him energetically to come in-doors. 'Margaret, my dear, come here and look at him. I do believe he's going, after all. Come and look before he goes.' Margaret obeyed, and peeped timidly round the blind, in great teTrror lest she should be discovered. ': 'Do you see him, MIargaret ?'-'con tinued Mrs. Moggeridge. 'Ye-es.' 'Don't you think he's a love of a creature?' 'Ye-es.' " 'Such eyes, and such a figure! And how well he sits his -horse !. Here-I say--I say ! How deaf you are ! Why ever don't you look this 'way ?' And here M[rs. Moggeridge beat a regular tatoo upon the glass. The gentleman at last turned his head, and took off his hat. - Mrs. Moggeridge hodded her head like' a mandarin, and smiled and beckoned. Then the gentleman, seeming to understand, alighted from his horse again, and giving it into the care'of his groom, came back into the house. . Did you ever see anything half so graceful?' cried Mrs. Moggeridge, in a perfect ecstasy. ' What a charm ing young man he is! Ah, if there ever.was anbody who looked a lord,. I'm' sure that young man :does;' aii'' .let'those denyj it n-ho can!' .What `i you say, .Mairgaret ? Why, gracious H-eavens !' The widow uttered this last excla mation in terror at finding Margaret seated in an armchair behind her, her head leaning back, her arms hanging powerless by her side, her cheeks blanched, apparently upon the point of fainting. ' Why, 'Margaret! - Margaret'!' "cried 'Mrs. Mioggeridge, in great alarm. ' What's happened to you, dear? Whatever is the matter? Are you ill ?' SBut Margaret rallied slightly. I was only' a little faint, she said. 'It's nothing; it willpass off.' 'Shall I send forthe doctor ?' 'No ; thank you, dear.' 'Come, come; I hdd'better !' " ' No! I. wohild.' rather .'yliu, didn't. Don't take any notice bf it'.' ' God bless nio, child ! you re a poor delicatl thing ! There, lie down, and .rest yourself. I was going out before brealkfast that has done all the mis chief. I thought it was very foolish.' Margaret did as Mrs. Moggeridge desired. 'I shall 'take his lordship out shop ping 'vith me,' said the widow; 'if he will come.' MIargaret was silent. ' You had better not come, I think.' 'No, dear.' ' You must try and go to slhep; I' will introduce him to you'when you awake. And, mind I want you: :to look your best.' SPoor ,Margaret's cheeks. bliusheda crimson. " ","' 0 :'' "Shall 'j'"ou :bing hlim: back "to lunch.?' ' ' ' 'Most certainly.' .::: Christopher came in to say that his lordship had gone up-stairs, and Mrs.. Moggeridge left the room, after tak ing a sly peep at herself in the glass, and arranging her flaxen ringlets. But when she had left the room, Margaret rose hastily from the sofa and ran to the table, where the gentle man's card was lying. She took it up, and read, 'Lord Albany !' 'Lord Alba-y! Lord Albaiiny!' she repeated to herself. :t'.- ! - ': And this, then, was Lord Albany ! This was the gentleman who had raised her from the ground the night when the Marquis's horse had ]knocked her down at the top of HJaymnarket. This was the same gentleman who had brought her home to little Stokes's when she was taken ill· in the street. Twice had he been her preserver, but upon each occasion she had only seen him for a very few minutes, and half the time had been in a state of insensibility when in his presence. What was the meaning of the strange sensation With which the sight of him inspired her! Was it-could it be-love? No; surely that were impossible ! What was it, then ? But she heard footsteps approaclh ing. A great dread of seeing or speaking to anybody came over her, and she ran with a wild terrified look towards the door. Not the door leading to the passage, but another leading to the conserva tory at the back of the house. It seemed to her that Mrs. Moggeridge, after all, was bringing her visitor into the parlour. But she was not. On the contrary, she had taken him further on to another door, which led from the house also into the conserva tory. Sarcoly had Mbargaret opened the door behind her at one end, than Mrs. Moggeridge and Lord Albany entered at the other. Her first impulse was to fly like a frightened deer; but she felt that in so doing she was certain to be seen, and she resolved to stop. \- Close to where she stood there were some thick, high shrubs, so arranged as to afford a place of concealment. She instantly availeil herself of it, and stood motionless, holding her breath, scarcely breathing. Mrs. Moggeridge and Lord Albany 'entered the conservatory, both laugh ing SI know you have !' said the widow 'I know. you: have.! If you hadn't benh up to some mischief or other you would have been'to see me long ago. How dare you leave me so long ? Are :ou niot afraid somebody will run away with me ?' ' But you always promised to be .true to me. ,' You're just like all the men-you are, I do believo-although-Well, never mind !' ' Coin, what-were you going to say, my dear Mrs. M]oggeridge ?' S' Theie, I sha'nt tell you! It would only make you more conceited than you are; and,. goodness knows, that ·isn't needed ! . Pray, how do the love anffairs go on ?' ::!Not very well,' replied Albany, r'ather gloomily ... 'InIdeed !' 'Yes; bitt we won't talk about thei, if .you please.. . ' What shall we talk .about ?' 'About yourself.' , About me ?. Godd gracious! :there's a i omantic subject!' :' You know it's a subject'-tha~t I am very fond of.': 'Albany,' said thewidow, idia tone which, in: a- moment;, had somehow strangely altered from the playful one in which she had-spoken a moment. ago,. you may never give me a chance of doing you any great service. I am afraid what I have done already has added little to your happiness; but if you shoiuld-if--if there is anything in the world that I can give Ha, ha, ha !What am I talking about ? And how you are blushing ! If anybody was only to see us, I believe-Oh, how ridiculous1!' ! You believe what?' ; ': : :That they would think that we were lovers.' :e lookked i, t h:her, w?ith a biight , smile, which l:':?s?iowedthat;., vh?tover" the :statd of. her heart mniight be, .his nas untouched. He looked 'towards her, and seemed upon the point of making somejocular: reply, when suddenly his voice and manner altered enitirely. The colobr forsook his cheeks, and he trembled slightly." Then he colored deeply.-. For , through the bushes, at that moment he caught a glimpse of a white face, with fixed and staring eyes and quivering. lips. Who was it? Did.it belong to Mlargaret herself, or to the ghost of the woman who seemed to him to possess so curious an influence over •his-destiny? , , SAgain, for the third time, did theiir' Seyes" nmeet iin the w:ay .they:.had met, before. . . - * With"that spell-bound 6lookI halff fear and half of facination. But this time, ulnon the girl's face, it was mixed with- a -look of bitter grief and' disappointment which he -could not understand the cause of,' although he could perfectly divine the nature of the feeling which the ex pression of her face expressed. What was it which pained her ? She could hardly have told herself. \- 9{She pressed her hand upon her side, where she felt her heart was poweir fully throbbing. SShe felt a sinking pain there such as never she had felt before. .An aching void! !Oh, how severe the 1hock was !, How 's?le 'suffered! .. .. , " ' .' - ':: .. . :Is th ti- the way thatpeople feel,' she' -thoiight,- 'whose hearts are broken ?' (To be Continucd.) 