ENTERTAINMENT. Uur entertainment winch came olt in the evening was a great success. ' Grave fears wore ontortnineil for the weather, but tlie rain which set in on Monday ceased before next morning, so that a very largo audience came, the room being jacked. I should say there wore 150 per sons present. A very attractive pro gramme had been drawn out. A splendid stage, with proscenium and fittings, had been erected by Messrs. (Iroucher and Anderson, and was also nicely decorated by the ladies, who holped greatly to mako the whole allair a success. On the curtain rising, somo niggers— Messrs. Howell, Syder and Croucher— wore discovered at work on a plantation. On arrival of Massa (Mr. Brown), work was put asido; tambourine (Mr. Sydor) and bones (Mr. Powell) were produced, and half an hour’s amusement followed with oomie songs, jokes, &c.; Mr. T. Powell sang “Keep away from the girls;” Mr. W- Syder, ‘* Oh, he was my Kahla panki; and Mr. J. :C. Brown, ‘'Go and tell Maria.” Mr. Croucher sang “Oh, what a mug,” and gave a very amusing ghost joke, which oohcluded the first part. After an interval, the usual kind of concert was proceeded with, the following being the pragramme rendered:—Song, “Swinging,” Miss Nash; recitation,; Mr. X). Parry; character song, “ Genteel, nobby trap,” Mr. ]?. M'Douough; song, “Never again with you, Bobin,” Miss Palmer (this lady came from Conyongto assist, and much praise is due to hor, sho being tbe only one to accept tine imitation); reading, “ Advice to young men about to be married,” Mr. J. O'. Brown (this num ber jmaved highly amusing to the young people); song, “'Angel Mother’s Grave,” Mr. XL Bennetts; song, “ The Harp that onoe,” Mrs. A. Turner. Interval. Soug, “ This ship on fire,'” Mr. D. Parry; stump speech, “Oh, golly! what’s dat?” Mr. Croucher, who caused great amusement; soug, “ Lovo’s request,” Miss DeMaiuicl; character song, “ The Swell,” Mr. P. M'Donongh, who, in response to a well merited encore, sang “ Tho Squire and Maria” with great success ; song, “The Tar’s farewell,” Miss Palmer; song, “ The Little Hero,” by Mr. T. Anderson, was oqnsidered tho gem of the evening. The performance was brought to a close by the farce, “The Troublesome Lodger,” by Messrs. T. Powell (lodger), Syder (land lord), and Croucher (ghost). The picco •was very amusing, the three named caus ing groat laughter, and sending tho audi ence away perfectly satisfied with tho evening’s entertainment. A danco which followed was well attended. The takings for tho evening amounted to £10, which is considered very good. Monday, May 30. Bain and chilly weather setting in. The river is slowly rising. The Tennis Club held its first meeting on Saturday last. There was a very good attendance. 