JACK. (from the centubt). J Ack was a Fairbaibor boy. This might be to say any of several things ; but it is at least sure to say one— he was a fisherman, and the Bon of a fisherman. When people of another sort than Jack's have told their earthly story through, the biography, the memorial, the obituary remains. Oar poet, preacher, healer, po iticiau, and the rest pass oa to this polite sequel which society bad ordained for human existence.. When Jack dies, he stops We find the fisherman squeezed into some corner of the accident column ; Washed overboard ' or ' Lost in the fog,' and that is thewhole of x 3"a8C tfaere- There is no more Jack. No fellow-members in the Society for Something-or-Notfaing pass resolutions , tO his credit and the consolation of hie family. No fnoeral discourse is preached over him and pnyarely printed at the request of the parishioners. The columns of the religious weekly to which he did not subscribe no obituary sketches signed by the initials of friends not thought to be too afflicted to speak a good word for a dead man. From the PreBB of the neighbouring city no tbin memorial volnme sacred to his virtues and stone- blind to his defects shall ever issue. Jack needs a biographer. Such the writer of this sketch wonld fain aspire to be. Jack was born at sea. His father was bringing his mother home from a visit at a half-sister's in Nova Scotia, for Jack's mother was one of those homesick, clannish people who pine without their relations as much -s some of ub pine with them ; and even a half- sister was worth more to her in her fanciful and feeble condition than a whole one is apt to be to bolder souls. She had made her visit at her halfoie- ter'e and they bad talke l over receipts, and com pared yeast., and cut out baby things, and turned dresses, and dyed flannel, and Rone to prayer meetings together; and Jack's mother was coming home, partly because Jack's father came for her, and partly because he happened to came sober, which was a great point, and partly because the schooner had to sail, which was another— she was coming home, at all events, when a gale struck them. It was an ugly blow. The iicfcle two- masted vessel swamped, in short, at midnight of a moonlight night, off the coast, just the other aide of seeing Cape Ann light. The crew were picked up by a three-master, and taken home. Aboard the three-master in fright, and chill, and storm, the little boy was born. They always put it that he was borara Fairharbor. In fact, he was born rounding Eastern Point. « The toughest place to be borned in, this side o Torment,' Jack s father said. Sut Jack's mother said nothing at all. Jack's father kept sober till he got tbe mother and tbe child safely into the little crumbling, grey cottage, in half of whose meagre dimensions the family kept «p the illusion' which they called home; Then for truth compel? m , I must state that Jack's father went stxaigbt way out upon what, in even less obscure circles than his it is customary to call a tear/ There seems to be something m the /savage, incisive fitness of this word which has overridden all mere distinctions of class or culture, and must ultimately make it a classic in the language I ve stood it long as I ken stand, and I'm gomj on a tear—I m a-goin' on a natarmd tear, Baid Jack s father to his oldest dory- mate, a fellow he bpd a feeling for, much a» you would for an oar yon had handled & good many years, or perhaps a sail that yon were used tor and had patched and watched, and knew the cracks in it, and thb colour of it and when it was likely to give way. and whereabouts it wonld hold. In fact, that proved to be, in deed and truth, an eternal tear for Jack's father. Drunk as a fisherman conld be—and that is saying a good deal— he reshipped that night, knowing not whither nor why, nor indeed knowing that the deed was done: and when he came to himself he was twelve hours out, on his way to the Hanks of Newfoundland : and the young mother, with the baby on her arms, looked out of tbe frosty window over tbe root of her old bedstead, and watched for him to come, and did not like to tell the neighbours that she was short of fuel She was used to waiting— women are t £ air harbor women always are. But ehe had never waited so long before. And when at the end of her waiting, the old dory -mate came in one night and told her that it bap«- pened falling from the mast because be wa» loot lobet euoogb to b qp (bef, Ja« motiiersaidBhe had always expected it. Bat ihe bad not expected it, all the same. We never expect tremble, we only fear it. Ana she bad put the baby on tbe edge of the bea„ and cot upon ber knees upon the floor, anct laid ber face on tbe baby, and tried to say ' her prayere— for she was a pious bttle woman, not knowing any better— but found she could not pray, she cried so. Ad the old " idory-mate told her not to try, but to cry as ; bard as she could. Aod she told him' bewaa very kind ; and so she did. For Bhe wasfonc of her husband although he got drnnk, because he got drunk, one is Her hearthad gone the wayof the hearts of drunkards' wives ; she loved io J® her misery, and gave on equation with she lost. All the woman m her keredJber husband when she conld no longer wifely worahio him. When be died she felt as if she had lost her eldest child. So, as I say, she kneeled with her face on the baby, and pried as if ehe bad been the blessedest of wives Afterwards she thought of this with self-reproach. She said one day to the old dory-mate: When my trouble came, I did not pray to God. I'd ought to have ; but I only cried at Jack had come into tbe world in a storm, and he began it stormily. He was a big, roaring baby, and he became a restless boy. His mother's gentle and unmodifieu femininity was helpless before the problem of this wholly masculine little being, bhe said Jack needed a man to manage him- He smoked at six ; he lived in the stables and on the wharves at eight ; he came when he got, ready and went when he pleased ; he obeyed when he felt like it, and when be was punished, he kicked. Once, in an imaginative moment, he bit her. She sent him to pack mackerel, for they were pat to it to keep soul and body together, and be brought home such habits of speech ftg even the Fairharbor woman had never heard From her little boy, her baby— not yet old enough to be oat of short troupers, and scarcely out of little sacks ; had he been Hours, my lady ; at the pretty age when one still fastens lace collars round their necks, and has them ander shelter by dark, and hears their prayers, and challenges the breath of heaven lest it blow too rudely on some delicate forming fibre of soul or body — from her little boy, at eight years old, the mother first learned the abysses of vulgarity in a seaport town. It must be admitted that her education in this respect had been defective. _ She had always been one of the wbmen in whose presence her neighbour did not Bpeak too carelessly. , , , , - x Bat Jack's mother had the kind of eyes which do not see mire— the meek, religious, deep-blue eye which even growing sons re spect while they strike tbe tears from it. At his worst Jack regarded her as a species of sacred fact, much like heaven or a hymn. Sometimes on Sunday nights he stayed at home with her ; he liked to hear ber sine. She sang Rock of Ages,' in her beat black alpaca, with her work-worn hands crossed upon the gingham apron which she put on to save the dress. But ah, she said, Jack needed a man to manage him. And one day when she said this, in spite of her gentle unconsciousness, or because of it, the old dory-mate to whom she said it said he thought so too, and said if she bad no objection he would like to be that man. And the Fairharbor widow, who had never thought of such a thing, said she didn't know as she had ; for nobody knew, she Baid, how near to starving they had come, and it was something to have a sober man. So on this reasonable basis Jack acquired a Btep- father, and bis step-father sent him straightway to the Grand Banks, He meant it well enough, and perhaps it made no difference in the end. But Jack was a little fellow to go fishing — only ten. His first voyage was hard; it was a March voyage ; he got hadlv frostbitten, and the Bkipper was rough. He was knocked about a good deal, and had the measles by himself In his berth, and the men said they didn't know they had brought a baby to the Banks, for they were very busy ; and Jack lay and cried a little, and thought about his mother, and wished he hadn't kicked her, but forgot it when he got well. So he swaggered about among the men, as a boy does when he is the only one in a crew, and aped their talk, and shared their grog, and did their hard work, and learned their songs, and came home with the early stages of moral ossification as well set in npon his little heart as a ten-year-old heart allows. The next voyage did not meed the matter, nor the next. And though the old dory-mate was an honest fellow, he had been more successful as a dory-mate than he was as a step- father. He and Jack did not 'get on.' Sometimes Jack's mother wondered if he had needed a man to manage him, but she never said so. Sue was a good wife, and she had fuel enough now; she only kissed Jack and said ehe meant it for the beet, and then ehe went away and sang Rock of Ages to the tune of Martyn, very slow and quits on the wrong key. It seemed to make her feel better, poor thing. Jack sometimes wondered why. When he was twelve years old he came home from a winter voyage one night, and got his pay for his share— boy's pay yet for a boy's share, but bigger than it used to bp— and did not go home first, but went rollicking off wish a crowd of Portuguese. It was a Sunday night, and his mother was expecting him, for she knew the boat was in. Hie step father expected him, too — and his money ; and Jack knew that His mother had been sick, but Jack did not know that ; she bad been very sick, and had asked for him a great deal. There had been a baby — born dead while its father was off- shore after cod — and it had been very cold weather, and some thing had gone wrong. At midnight of that night someone knocked \- at the door of the crumbling cottage. The step-father opened it; he looked pale and agitated. Some hoys were there in a con fused group ; they bore what seemed to be a lifeleBB body on a drag, or bob-sled. It was Jack, dead diunk. It was the nrat time— he was only twelve — and one of the Fairharbor boys took the pipe from his month to explain : 1 " He was trapped by a Portygee, and they've afole every cent of him, 'n' kicked him oat, -fn left him stranded like a monk-fish, so me and the other fellows we borryed a sled and .fernng him home, for we thought his mother'd gather. He ain'e dead, but he's jest as drunk as if he was sixty !' The Fairharbor hoy mentioned this circum etanee with a kind of abnormal pride, as it such superior maturity were a point for a comrade to make note of. But Jack's step father went out Boftly and shut the door, and said : 'Look hsre, boys — help me in with him. : 'will- you? Not that way. His mother's in there. She died an hour ago.' . , , » ; And so the corse of his heredity came upon new, thank Heaven, Her I knowledge wopld have been a kind-of terrible fore-omniscience, if she had. She jvould have had no hope of him from that Jour. Her experience would , have left her no illusions. The drnnkatd's wife wpuld have educated the drnnkard's mother too liberally' for that. She would have taken in the whole scope and derail of the future in one midnight moment's breadth, as a problem in the higher mathematics may rest upon the width- of a geometrical point. But she did not know. We say — I mean it was our fashion of saying— -that she did not know. God was merciful. : She had asked for J ack, it seemed, over and over, but did notcomplain of him for not coming ; ehe never complained of Jack. She said the poor boy mast have .stayed Bomewhere to have a pleasant time ; and she said they were to give her love to bim if he came in while Bhe was asleep. And then she asked her husband to sing 'Rock of Ages' for her, because she did not feel very strong. He couldn't Biog more than a halibut, poor fellow ; but he did not like to disappoint hex, for he thought she looked what v he called ' mieer'ble' ; so he sat down by the bed and raised his hoarse, weather- beaten voice to the -tune of Mattyn, as best he conld, and mixed up two verses inextricably with a line from 1 Billy's on the Bright Blue Sea,' which be added because he saw he must have something to till out, and it was all he coald think of — but she thanked him very gently, and said he sang quite well ; and said once more that he was to give her love to Jack ; and went to sleep afterwards ; and. by-and-bye, they could not wake her to see her boy of tweLve brought to her drank. The curse of his heredity was npon him. We may blame, wa may loathe, we may wonder, we may despair ; bat we must not forget. There were enough to blame without remembering. Jack, like all drunkards, soon learned this In fact, he did not remember it very well himself — not having been ac quainted with his father ; and never senti mentalised over himself nor whined for his bad luck — but owned up to his sins, with the bluntness of an honest, bad fellow. He was rather an honest fellow, in spite of all. He never lied when he was sober. If the curse of his ancestry had come npon him, itB compensatory temperament came too Jack had tbe merry heart of the easy drinker Born with his father's alcoholised brain- cells, poor baby, endowed with the narcotinea conscience which this species -of parentage bequeaths, he fell heir to tbe kind of attrac tiveness that goes with the legacy. . He was a happy-go- lucky fellow. Life sat airily on him. He had hig mother's handsome eyes dashed with his father's fun (for she couldn't take a joke, to save her) ; he told a good story ; be did a kind deed ; he was generous with his money when he had any, and never in the least disturbed when he hadn't. He was popular to the dangerous extent that makes one's vices seem a kind ct social introduction, and not in Jack's circle alone, be it said. Every crew wanted him. Drunk or sober, as a shipmate he was at par It was usually easy for him to borrow. The fellows made up his fines for him, there was always somebody to go bail for him when he got before the police -court. Arrested, per haps, a half-dozen times a year in his maddest years, he never was sent to the House in his life. There were always people enough who thonght it a pity to let such a good fellow go to prison. He had — I was going to say as a matter of course he bad — curly hair. One should not omit to notice that he was splendidly tattooed. He was prond, as seamen are, of his brawny arms; dashed from wrist to shoulder with the decorative ingenuity of his class. Jack had aesthetic views of his own, indeed, about bis personal allowance of indigo. He had objected to the customary medley of anchors, stars, and crescents, and exhibited a certain reserve of taste, which was rather interesting. On his left arm he bore a very crooked lighthouse rising from a heavy sea ; he was, in fact, quite flooded along tbe bici pital muscle with waves and billows, but nothing else interfered with the massive proportions of the effect. This was con sidered a masterly design, and Jack was often ?ailed upon to push up bis sleeve and explain how he came by the inspiration. Upon the other arm be wore a crucifix, ten inches long : this was touched with blood- red ink ; the dead Christ hung upon it, lean and pitiful. Jack said he to -k the crucifix against his drowning. It was an uncommonly large and ornate crucifix. Jack was a steady drinker at nineteen. At twenty- five he was what either an inexperi enced or a deeply experienced temperance missionary would have called incurable. The intermediate grades would have confidently expected to save him. Of conrse he reformed. He would not have been interesting if he had not. Tbe unmi'i- gnted sot has few attractions even for seafar ing society. It is the foil and flash, the by play and side light of character that 1 lead us on.' Jack was always reforming. After that nigbt when he was brought home on the bob-sled, the little boy was as steady and as miserable as be knew how to be for a long time ; he drew the unfortunate inference that the one involved the other. By the time his mother's grave was green with the scanty Fairharbor cburch-vard grass — for even the sea- wind seems to have a grudge against the very dead for choosing dry graves in Fair harbor, and scants them in their natural covering — by that time rank weeds had over grown the sorrow of the homeless boy. He and his step-father ' got on' less than ever now, as was to be expected ; and when one day Jack announced with characteristic can dour that he was going to get drunk, if be went to Torment for it, the two parted com pany ; and he crumbling cottage knew Jack no more. By and bye, when his stepfather was drowned at Georges', Jack borrowed the money for some black gloves and a hat- baud. He had the reputation .of being a polite fellow: the fishermen spelled it t-o-n-y. Truth to tell, tbe old dory-mate had wondered sometimes on Sunday afternoons if he had been the man to manage Jack ; and felt that the main object of his second marriage had bean defeated. Jack, as I say, was always reforming. Every temperance societr in the city had a hand at him. They were of the old fashioned, easy type which rook their responsibilities comfortably They held him out on a pair of moral tongs and tried to toast his misdemeanours out of him, before a quick fire of pledges and badges; and when he tumbled out of the tongs, and asked the president and treasurer why they didn't bow to him in the street when he was drunk, or why, it he was good en'»ugh for them a the lodge-room he wasn't good enough to shake hands with before folks on the post-office steps, or propounded any of i.h"e ingenious posers with which his kind are in the habit of dist urbing the benovolent spirit, they snapped the tongs to, and turned him ever to the churches. These touched him gingerly. They invited Mm into the free pews— a dismal little row in the gallery — sent him a tract or two, and asked him a Jew well-meant and t very confusing religious questions, to which Jacks replies were far from satisfactory. One ardent person, a recent convert, coaxed him into- a weekly prayer-meeting. _ It was a very good, honest, uninteresting pray er- mesting, and there were peopla eitting there beside him with clean lives and clean faces whose motives Jack was not worthy to understand, and he knew enough to know it. But it happened to be a foreign mission prayer-meeting, devoted to the Burmese field ; which wa«, therefore, be it said, not so much an argument against foreign missions, as a deficient means of grace to the fisherman. Jack was terribly bored. He ran his hands through his curls, and felt for his tobacco, and whispered to the young convert to know if there weren't any waits in the play so a man could get out without hurting anybody s feelings. But just then the young can vert struck up a hymn, and Jack stayed. He liked ths singing. His restless hand some face took on a change such as a windy day takes on towards dusK, when the breeze dies down. When he found they were singing ' Rock of Ages,' he tried to sing it too — for he was a famous tenor on deck. But when- he had sung a line or two — flash ! down in one of the empty pews in front, he Baw a thin old lady with blue eyes, sitting in a black alpaca dress with her hands clasped on her gingham apron. ' That's my mother. Have I got the jim- jams ? a-ked this unaccustomed worshipper of himself. Bat then he remembered that he was sober. He could sing no longer after this, but bo<ved his bead and locked into his old felt hat, and wondered if he were going to cry, or get religion. Iu point of fact, he did neither of thse things, because a very old church-member arose just then, and said he saw a poor castaway in our midst to-night, and he besought the prayers of the meeting for his soul Jack stopped crying. He looked hard at tbe old church- member. He knew him ; had always known him. The fisbermau wailed till tbat prayer was through — it was rather a long prayer — and then he too sprang to bis feet. He looked all around the decorous place ; his face was white with tbe swift passion of the drinking man. ' I never spoke in a meetin' in my life,' said Jack in an unsteady voice. ' I ain't religious. I drink. But I'm sober to-night, and I've got something to say to you. I heard what hat man said. I knew him. He's old Jim Crowneby. I've always know'd Jim Crownoby He owns a sight of property in this town. He's a rich man. He owns that block on Black street. You know he does. You can't deny it. Nor he can't neither. All I want to say is, I've got drunk in one of them places of his, time and again ; and if there ain't anybody but him to pray for my soul, I'd rather go to the deviL' Jack stopped short, jammed on his hat, and left tbe meeting. In the shocked ruBtle that followed, some one had the tact to Btart 'Rescue the Perishing,' as the fisherman strode down the broad aisle. He did not go again. The poor young convert followed him up for a week or two, and gave him an expensive. Testament, bought out of an almost invisible personal income, in vain. 1 I've no objections to you,' said Jack candidly: 'I'm much obliged to ye for per politeness, sir. But them churches tbat sub leases to a ruoi- aeiler, I don't think they onderstand a drinkin' man. Hey ? Well, ain't he their biggest rooster, now ? Don't he do the heft of the pravin', and thetalleBt of their crowin', coasequent? Thought so. Better leave me go, sir. I ain't a pious man ; I'm a fishermaD.' Fishes, said Jack, is no fools.' He gave voice to this remark one day in Boston, when he was twen y-five years old. He was trying to entertain a Boston girl ; she was not familiar with Fairharbor or with the scenery of hiB calling ; he wanted to interest her ; he liked the girl. He had liked a good many girls, it goes without saying ; but this one had laid upon the fisherman — she knew not how, he knew not why, and what man or woman of ns could have told him? — the power that comes not of the reason, or of time, or of trying, or of wisdom, or of tightness, but of the mystery to which, when we are not speaking of Jack, we give the name of love. It seems a sacrilege, admit, to write it here, and of these two. But then, sgaiu, it would be easy to be wrong. The study of tbe relativity of human feeling is a delicate science ; it calls for a fine moral equipment. If this were the huh-water mirk of nature for Jack — and who Bhall say ? — the tide shall have its sacred due, even down among those weeds and in that mud. He tiked that girl, among them all, and her he thought of gently. He had known her a long time, as much as three months. When the vessel came iuto Boston to sell halibut, he had a few days there, drifting about as fishermen do, homeless and reckless ; dashing out the wages jaet paid off, in ways that sometimes he remembered and sometimes he forgot, and usually left him without a dollar towards his next fine when he should be welcomed by the police-court of his native city on returning home. Jack thought, I say, gravely of this girl. He never once took her name in vain among the fellows, and Bhe had not oeen a very good girl either. But Jack reflected that he was not very good himself, if you came to that. His downright, honest nature stood him in stead in this moral distinction ; there was always a broad streak of generosity in him at his worst ; it goes with the temperament, we say, ar-d perhaps we say it too often to give him half the credit of it. She was a pretty girl, and she was very young. She had told Jack her story, as they strolled about the bright Boston streets on comfortable winter evenings ; when he took her to the varie y show, or to tbe oyster-shop, and they talked together. Jack pitied her. Perhaps ehe deserved it ; it was a sad little Btory — and she was so very young. She had a gentle way, with Jack; for some reason, God knows why, she had trusted him from the first, and he had never once been known to disturb her trust. That was the pleasant part of it. On this evening that we Bpeak of, Jack was sober. He was often sober when he had an evening to spend with the Boston girl : not always—no, truth must be told. She looked as pretty as was In her that nigbt ; ehe had black eyes aud a kind of yellow hair tbat Jack had never seen criokled low on tbe fore head above black eyes before ; he thonght her as fine to look at &s; any actress he ever saw ; for the stage was Jack's standard of tbe mag nificent, as it is to so many of his sort. The girl's name was Teen. Probably she had been called Christine once, in ber country : home ; she even told Jack that she had been baptised. ' I wasn't myself,' Baid Jack ; I roared so, they darsen't do it. My mother got me to church, for she was a pious woman, and I pummelled the parson in the face with both fists, and ehe said she came away, for she was ashamed of me. She always said that chris- tenia' wasn't never legal. It disappointed ber, too, I was an awfql baby,' « I should think likely,' said Teen wjt eandohr f Do yon set much by roar mShe's dead,' said "Jack in a subdued voice. Teen looked at him ; she had never heard him 8P,C Inmost Wished mine was,' said the girl ; sh'd 'a' b'en better off-— along of me. That's so,' said Jack. _ The two took a turn m eence, ?P their down the brightly-lighted street , their thoughts looked out strangely from their marred young faces ; ey felt as if the y i were in a foreign country. Jack had me her to take a drink, but he gave it up , he couldn't somehow. . Was you always a fisherman ? asked Teen, feeling, with a woman's tact, that somebody must change she current of the BUbject. , I was a fisherman three generations hack, Jack answered her ; ' horned a fishermen, you bet ! I couldn't 'a' b'en nothin else iU I o drowned for it It's a smart business. You hev to keep your wits about you. n isnes Ain't they ?' asked the girl listlessly. She wa3 conscious of failing in conversational brilliancy ; but the truth was she coulant get over what they had been saying; it always unfortunate when she remembered her mother. Jack began to talk to her about his business again, but Teen did not reply ; and when he looked down at her to see what ailed her, there were real tears rolling over her nretty cheeks. 1 Why, Teen !' said Jack. _ Leave goof me, Jack,' said Teen, and let me get off ; I ain't good company to-night. I've got the dumps. I can't entertain ye, Jack. And Jack — don't let's talk about mothers next time, will we ? It spoils the evenin . Leave go of me, and I'll go home by my own self. I'd rather.' ' I won't leave go of you !' cried Jack, with a sudden blazing purpose lighting up all the corners of his soul. It was a white light, not an holy ; it seemed to shine through and through him with a soft glow like a candle on an altar. ' III never leave go of you, Teen, if you'll say so. I'd rather marry you, ' Marry me?' said Teen. ' Yes, marry you. I'd a sight rather. There, now ! It's out with it. What do you say to that Teen ?' Teen wiped away the tears that fell for her mother with one slow finger tip A ring on her finger glistened in the light as she did this. She saw the sparkle, tore off the ting and dashed it away ; it fell into the mud, and was trodden out of sight instantly. Jack sprang gallantly to pick it up. ' Don't you touch it !' cried the girl. She put her bared haud back upon his arm ; the ring bad left a little mark upon her finger ; she glanced at this, and up into Jack's hand some face ; he looked very kind ! 'Jack dear,' said Teen, softly, ' I ain't fit to marry ye.' ' You're fitfcer'n I be,' auswered Jack, man fully. Teeu 8'ghed ; she did not speak at once ; other tears came now, but these were tears for herself and Jack. Jack felt thi«, after his fashion ; they gave him singular confusion of miud. 'I wouldn't cry "about it, Teen. You I needn't have me if you don't want to.'i I But I do want to, Jack,' ' Honest ?' ' Honest it is, Jack.' Will ye make a good wife, Teen ?' asked Jack. aft--r some unprecedented thought. ' I'll try, Jack.' You'ii never go back on me, nohow?' I I ain't that sore !' cried the girl, drawing herself up a little. A new dignity Bat upon her with a certain grace which was beautiful to see. 1 Will you swear it, Teen?' If you'a rather, Jack.' ' What'll you swear by, now?' asked Jack. ' You must swear by all you hold holy.' ' What do 1 hold holy ?' mused Teen. ' Will you swear,' continued Jack, seriously; 4 wii" you swear to me by the Rock of Ages Who's that ?' asked the girL 'It's a hymn tune. I want you to swear me by the Rock of Ages that you'll be tbat you say you will to me. Will you do it. Teen ?' 'Ob, yes,' said Teen, 'I'll do it. Where shall we come aurost one?' 'I guess I can find it,' Jack replied. 'I can find 'most anything I set out. to.' So thev started out at random, in their reckless fashion, in the great city, to find ihe Rock cf Ages for the asking. Jack led his companion hither and yon, peering into churches, and vestries, and missions, and wherever he saw signs ot sacred things. Singing they heard abun dantly in The gay town; songs merry, mad, and sad ; but not the Boug for a girl to swear by, tha- she would be true wife to a man who trusted her. Wandering thus, on' the strange errand whose pathos was bo far above their own dream or knowledge, they chanced at last upon the place, and the lictle group of people known in that part of Boston as Mother Mary's meeting. The girl said ehe had been there once, but that Mother Mary was too good for her ' I she was one of the real kind. Everybody knew' I Mother Mary, and her husband ; he was a par- I son. They were poor folks the msHves, Teen j said, and understood poor folks, and did for I them all the year round, not clearing out like I rich ones when it came hot weather, but stood I by em, Teen said. They kept the little room open, and if you wanted a prayer you I went in and got it, just as yoa'd call for a| drink or a supper ; it was always on hand for 1 you, and a kind word sure to come with it | and you always knew were to go for 'em and I Mother Mary treated you like folks. ' She liked her, Teen said. If she'd been a I different girl, she'd have gone there of a cold I night all winter. But Teen said she felt I ashamed. I t I gaess she'll have what I'm after,' said I Jack. She sounds like she would. Let's I go and see.' , I So they went into the qoiet place, among the praying people, and stood statin for they felt embarrassed. Mother Mary looked very white and peaceful ; she was a tail fair woman ; she wore a black dress with white about the bosom ; it was a plain, old dress much mended. Mother Mary did not look rich, as Teen had said. The room was filled vith poor creatures gathered about her like her children, while she talked with them and ! taught them as she could. She crossed the room immediately to where the youne man stood, with the girl beside him. We've come' eaid Jack to find the Rock of Ages.' He drew Teen's handthtough bis arm, and held it. for a minute ; then moved by some fine instinct mysterious to himself tie lifted and laid it in Mother Mary's own 1 I Explain it to her, ma'am,' he said «tell I her. won't yoo. I'm going to marry her if I she'll have me I want her to swear hv somethin' holy she'll be a true wif© to me I She hadn't anything particularly holy herself' I and the holiest thing I know of is the Rock I of Ages, I've heard my mother sing it. She I , dead. We've ben huutin BoatoTTr I I night after the Rock of Ages. « 1 | Mother Mary was used to the pathos 0fv If J sober work, but the tears sprang now to £ J large and gentle eyes. She did not speat? Jack— could not possibly, just then- L, 1 delaying only for the moment till she coS f j command herself, Bhe flung her tjCL if maternal voice out upon the wordB of the S & j hymn. Her husband joined her, and all £l4 M people present swelled the chorus. a® 1 j Bock of Ares, cleft for me 1 g| 1 Let me faMemyself lath- e ; K. m I Be of sio the doable care ; ; Cleanse me from its gulit end p->wer.' I They sang it alt through— the three vers#. j that everybody knows— and Jack and TW stood listening. Jack tried to sing him-ei , I but Teen bid her face, aud cried upon hie I arm. £$ J 1 Thou must save, sang the praying peonfe- j 1 Thou must save, and thou alone !' 1 | | I The strain died solemnly ; the room »«, quiet ; the minister yonder began to praT P j and all tbe people bowed their heads. / I Mother Mary stood quite still with the girl' I hand trembling in ber own. Swear it, Teen?' Jack bent down hii $ I curly head and whispered ; he would not "i shame his promised wife before th-se people I j Swear by that, you'll be true wife to me5' ' 1/ j ' I swear it Jack,' sobbed Teen. If ( j the Rock of Ages, I swear by it, though I I J todie for it, I'll bean honest wife to you.' j ' Come back wben you've got your licence' f J said Mother Mary smiling through her te&ri; r I and my hueband will marry you if yon wap ' I him to.' - j ' We'll come to morrow,' Jack answered j gravely. I ' Jack,' said Teen in ber pretty way— f0I f 1 sbe had a very pretty way—' if I'm an honegi fy I wife to you, will you be kind to me ?' She did J not ask bim to swear it by the Rock of Ageg, She taok his word for it, poor thing. Women ; I | I . . . , I Mother Mary's husband married them next 1 I day at the Mission meeting ; and Mother I I Mary sat down at the melodeon in the corner f j of the pleasant place, and played and aang 1 J Toplady's great hymn for them, &b; Jack had ! j asked her. It was his wedding march. He ; j was very sober and geutle — almost like a I I better man. Teen thought him the hand- I I somest man she had ever seen. | j ' Oh, I say, Teen,' he nodded to her as they f j walked away, ' one thing I forgot to tell you I j — I'm reformed.' I j 'Are you, Jack?' I ' If I et'er drink a drop again, so help me— f j But he stopped. j j So help you, Rock of Ages ?' asked the f j new-made wife. But Jack winced ; he wag jj I honest enough to hesitate at this, j ' I don't know's I'd darst— that,' he added, j ruefully. ' But I'm reformed. I have lost all hanker for liquor. I shall never drink I again. You'll see.' I Teen did see, as was to be expected. She j saw a great deal, poor thing, Jick did not I drink — for a long time ; it was Eearly five months, for they kept close count He took her to Fairharbor, and rented tbe old half of the crumbling cottage where his mother used to sit and watch for him on long, late even, ings. The young wife did ihe watching now. They planted some cinnamon rose-boshes by the doorsteps of the cottaee, and fostered them affectionately. Jack was as happy and sober as possible to begin with. He picked the cinnamon roses aud brought them in for his wife to wear. He was proud to have a home of his own — he had not expected to ; in fact he had never had one since that night wben his mother said they were to give her love to him, if he came home while ehe was asleep. He had beaten about so, sleeping for the most part in his berth, and sailing again directly ; he had never had any place, he said, to hang his winter clothes in ; closets and bureaus seemed treasure-houses to him, and the kitchen fire a luxury greater than a less eood-looking man would have deserved. When he came home, drenched and chilly, from a winter voyage, and Teen took the covers off, and the fiery heat of the coals leaped out to greet him, and Bhe stood in the rich colour, with her yellow hair, young and fair and sweet as any man's wife could look, and said she had missed him, and called him her dear husband, Jack even went so far as to feel that Teen was tbe luxury He treated ber accordingly ; that was at first. He came Btraight home to her ; he kept her in flour aud fuel ; she had the little things and the gentle words that women need Teen was very fond of him. This was the first of it— I was going to say this was the worst of it. All there was of Teen seemed to have gone into her love for Jack. A part of Jack had gone into his love for Teen. Teen was very happy, to begin with. The reapecrable neighbours came to see her, and said, f We're happy to make your acquaintance ' Nobody knew that it had not always been so ; that Teen's acquaintance would have been a source of social happiness. Aud she wrote to her mother that she was married ; and her mother came to make her a little visit ; and Teen cried her soul out for joy. She was modestand home keeping aud loving ; no wife in the land was truer than this girl he had chosen was to the fisherman who chose her. Jack knew that. He believed in her. She made him happy, and therefore she kepi him right. All this was at first. It did not last. Why should we expect that, when we see bow little there is in the relation of man and woman which lasts ! If happy birth and gentle rearing, and the forces of what we call education, and the silken webs of spun re finementa are so strained in the tie which requires two who cannot get away from each other to make each other happy, how should we ask, of the law of chances, the miracle for Teen and Jack ? There was no miracle. No trauBubstantia- tion of the common bread to hob flesh was wrought upon that Door altar. Their lot went I f . of other lots, with the facts of their I History dead against them. Trouble came, I aud children, and care, and j distaste. Jack took to his old ways, and his to the tears that they bring. Tbe I f » tbey to® poor sickly babies who w&iled; a little while in her arms, and I ? because there wasn't enough for I hem to stay. And the grey house was damp. lt w8 diphtheria, but their mother t!Jf iU of GfI' She added, Sif JL wllJn,be. doo« ! On the Whole she j. 5®® . 8'ry Their father struck her when l;®"18 m liqnor. She thought if tbe babies I might get hurt. A month before the last one was bom she showed to Jack's P- b'u,8e across her shoulder, long boof J 5,e intoned her drees over it with nMty repentance. \ ud to have told,' Bhe 8aV , h« ea»d he'd be kind to me.' was sn wawVe£? TrJ. abcmt >8 when he w?k,8ed hi8 wife, and bought a Sev«?iSi» i Jll8hoe® fPT the baby, whiob it T i JP? owlSh to wear. aot a tompetanoq story, only the biography of a fisherman, and a few words willeay better then many how it was Alcohohaed brain-cells being one of the few bequests left to society which the heirs do not dispute, Jack went back to his habits with the ferocity that follows abating? Hard luck came, Teen was never much of a housekeeper; she had left her mother toS ) early ; had never been taught. Things w«Se soggy, and not always clean ; and stae wls so busy in being struck and scolded, and fn bearing and burying babies, that it grew comfortless beside the kitchen fire The R«r of the illusion which had taken the name of ft? W,ail8 of tbe crumbling half -cottage withered out of it, just as the cinnamon roses did the summer Jack watered them with whiskey by a little emotional mistake. nine ?,a,d.baPPened, too. Some shipmate had told' in the course of time and Teens pre matrimonial story got set adrift upon the current— one of the cruelesfc currents of its kiud-of Fairharbor gossip! The respectable neighbours made her feel it fhinJ!7 Tre?eCtab-6 arbours do such things Jack, raging, overheard her name upon the wharves. Teen had been ' thaTehe said she would' to him. He knew it. No matron in the town had kept her life or heart more true In all her sickness and trouble and slackness, and in going cold or XffHdSher beauty that none or all of these things could quench, Teen had carried a sweet dignity of her own as the racer m the old Promethean festival carried t m? wbl,e he ran against the wind. Jack knew— oh, yes, he knew. But he grew sul en, suspicious. When he was drunk He was always jealous ; it began to take that form. When he was sober he still admired his wife ; sometimes he went so far as to remember that he loved her. When this happened, Teen dried her eyes, and brushed her yellow hair, and washed up the kitchen floor, and made the coffee, and said to the grocer when she paid for the;sugat : I My husband has reformed.' One night Jack came home unexpectedly a f tTjn,e Bat upon him, which his wife did not find herself able to classify by any of the instant and exquisite perceptions which grow, like new faculties, in wives. He had been drinking heavily when he left her and she had not looked for him for days ; if he sailed as be was, it would be a matter of li? ke. Teen went straight to him; Bhe thought he might be hurt ; she held out her aims as she would to one of her children but he met her with a gesture of indifference! and she shrank back. % She's here,' said Jack. « Mother Mary's in this - — — town. I see her,' I I wish she'd talk to you,' said Teen, saying precisely the wrong thing by the fatal instinct which so often possesses drunkards' wives. You do, do you ?' quoth Jack. Well, I don't. I haven't give her the chance. He crushed on his hat, and stole out of the house again. But hi9 mood was on him yet ; the dif ference being rha- his wife was outo it. He sulked and skulked about the stre .te alone for a while ; he did not go back to the boys just then, but wandere-d with the apparent aimlessuess in which the moat tenacious aims are hidden. Mother Mary and her nuBoana were holding sailors meetings in ' the roughest quarter of the town. There was I need enough of Mother Mary in. Fairharbor. j A crowd had gathered to hear the novelty, j Fairharbor seamen were none too ueed to 1 being objects of consideration ; it was a j matter of matk that a parson and a lady I should hire a room from a rich fish farm, j pay for it out of their own scanty pockets, j arid invite one ia from deck or wharf, in j one's oil- clothes or jumper, to hear what a ; messmate of Jack's called ' a high-toned prayer.' He meant, perhaps, to convey the idea that the petition treated the audience politely. Jack followed the crowd in the datk, shrinking in its wake, for ' he was now sober enough not to feel like him self. He waited till the last of the fellows he knew had gone into the place and then crept up on tiptoe, and put hie face against the window of the salt- cod warehouse where the little congregation was gathered, and looked in. The room was full and bright. It wore that same lock of peace end shelter which he remembered. Mother Mary e ood as she had stood before, tall and pale, in her black dress with the white cover ing on her bosom. Her husband had been eptaking to the fishermen, and she, as Jack put liiB gnarled band to his excited eyes, and his eyes to the window-glass, turned her face full about, to Btart the singing She seemed to Jack to look at him. Her look was ead. He felt ashamed, and powered down below the window-sill. But he wanted to hear her Bing — he had never beard anybody sing like Mother Mary — and so he staid there for a little while, curled againBt the fish-house. It began to rain and he was pretty wet ; but Jack was in his jumper, and a ragged old jumper at that ; he knew he was not so handsome as he nsed to be ; he felt that he cut a poor figure even for a drunken fisher man ; all the self-respect that life had left him shrank from letting Mother Mary see him. Jack would not go in. A confused notion came to him, as he crouched against the warehouse, in the showers, that it was just as well it shcnld Tain on him ; it might wash him. He pushed up his sleeves, and let the rain fall on his arms. He found an old Cape Ann turkey box there was lying about, turned it edgewiee so that one ragged knee might rest upon it, and thus bring his eye to a level with the window-sill, while yet be could not be seen from within. So he crouched, listening. The glimmer from the prayer- room came across the fisherman s bared right arm, and struck the crucifix. Ja k had the unconscious attitude of one sinking, who had thrown up his arms to be saved. The Christ on the crucifix looked starved and sickly. Jack did not notice the crucifix. „ I At this moment, Mother Mary s yearning 1 voice rang ou t above the hoarse chorus of the j fishermen, whose weather- ragged ana re- i verent faces lifted themselves mistily before , her, as if they had been the countenance of sue helpless man : ' Buck of Ages, cleft for me !' ' Oh, my God 1' cried Jack. It was the next day that some one tola Mother Mary, at the poor boarding-house where she staid, that a woman wanted a few words with her. The visitor was Teen, one was worn and wan and sobbing with excite ment. Her baby was soon to be bom. Si bed id notiook as if she bad_enough to eat she baa come, she said, just to see Mother Mary, just to tell ber ,for Jack never would tell himself, but she was sure her, husband bad reformed ; he would never drink agam i; he meant to be a sober man ; and Motti®ir ought to' know Lshe did it, for she did, God. bless her! ,, fnt. ' I've walked all this way to you tor "myself,' said Teen. ' I ain't very fit for wiukm, nor I can't afford a ferry-ticket, for he didn t leave me nothin'.on this trip, i but X ve come to bless you. My husband come to your I meetin, Mother Mary; by himself, Jack did. ( tie never goes tonomeetinV— nobody couldn't droVe him ; but he come to yours, because he says you treat a man like folks, end he wouldn't go inside, for he'd b:en drinkia'and he felt ashamed. . So he set out? ide upon a box behind the winder and he peeked in. And he said it rained on bim while he setpeekin', for he wanted to get a look at you. And he come home and told me, for we'd, had eome words beforehand, and I was glad to see him. I was setrifi' there and cryin' when he come. I wouldn't, Teen," says he, ' for I've Been Mother Maryland I'm reformed," says he. So he told me how he set upon the box and peeked. He says you looked straight at him. He says yon stood up very tall and kind of white. He says you read something oat of a book, and then you Bang to him. He Bays the song yon sang was Ho k cf Ages, and it made bim feel so bad I had to cry to see him. He come in and he got down on the lounge against our window, and- he put his hand across hisjeyee and groaned like he was hnrted iu an accident. And he says. ' Teen, I wished I was a better man." And I Bays, "Jack, I wiened you was." And he says, "I lost the hanker when I heard ber sing the Rock of Ages, and if I lost the hanker, I could swear off." So I didn't answer bim, for if I says " do swear off," he'd just swear on— they won't, 3 ou know, for wive?. But I made him i a cup of coffee, for I didn't know what elee to do, and I brought it to him on the lounge, and he thanked me. " Teen," be say b. "I'll never drink a drop again, so help me, Mother Mary !' And then he kissed tee, for they don't, you know, after you've„beu married. And he's gone out haddockin', but we parted very kind. And so I come to tell you, for it mayn't be many days that I could walk it, and I've heen that to him as I said I should, aud I thought you'd better know.' ' You've had no breakfast,' answered Mother Mary, ' and you've walked too far Here, stop at the Holly Tree as you go home ; get a bowl of soup ; and take the ferry back. There, there J don't cry quite so hard. I'll try to stay a little longer. I won't leave town till Jack comes in. It takes the Rock of Ages to cure the hanker, Teen. But I've seen older men than he is stop as if ther had been stopped by a lasso thrown from heaven. If there's any save in him,' added Mother Mary below her breath, he shall bave bis chance, this time.' He went aboard sober, and sober he stayed. He kept a good deal by himself, aud thought of many things. His face paled out and refined, as their faceB do, from abstinence ; the ghost of his good looks hovered about him ; he mended np his clothes ; he did a kind turn to a messmate now and then ; he told some excellent clean etories, and raised the spirits of the crew ; he lent a dollar to a fellow with the rheumatism who bad an j indebtedness to liquidate for medicine, j When he bad done this, he remembered that | he had left his wife without money, and said | aloud : That's a mean trick to play on j a woman.' ; He bad bad luck, however, that trip ; bis ; share was small ; be made 7dol. and 27c. in i three weeks This was conceded by the crew of tbe fishing schooner iber name was the Destiny) to be because Jack had, sworn off ' It is a superstition among them. One unfamiliar with the lives of these men will hammer cold iron if he thinks to persuade them that rum and luck do not go together ; or that to 1 reform' does not imply a reduc tion of personal income. You might as well try to put tbe fishermen's fist into a Honiton lace jumper, as the fisherman's mind into proportion upon this point. Therefore Jack took his poor trip cate- lee sly ; it was to be expected ; he would ex- plain it to Mother Mary when he got in. He drank notbiog at all ; and they weighed for home. When Jack stepped off the Destiny, at Zepbaniah Salt and Go.'e wharf at Fairharbor, after that voyage, clean, pale, good-natured, and sober, thinking that he would get ebaved before he hurried home to Teen, and wishing he could pay the grocer's bill upon tbe way, end thinking that in default of this, he would start an account at tbe market, and carry her a chop or a sausage, in fact think, ing about her with an absorption which re sembled consideration, 'if not affection — suddenly he caught her name upon the wharves. It may have been said of accident, or of the devil— God knew; they may have been too drark to notice Jack at the first, or they may have seen and scented from afar the bad blood they stirred, like the hounds they were. It will never be told. The scandal of these places is incredibly barbarous ; but it is lees than the barbarity of drinking men to a man who strikes out- from among them, selves, and fights for his respectability. The words were few — they are not for us — but they were enough to do the deed. Jack was quite sober. He understood. They assailed the honour of his home, tbe truth of his wife ; they hurled her past at her and at himself ; tbev derided the trust which he had in her in absence ; they sneered at tbe : reformed man' whose domestic prospects were — as they were ; they exulted over him with the exultation in the sight of the havoc wrought, which is the most inexplicable im pulse of evil. Everybody knew how hot-blooded Jack was ; and when the fury rushed red over his face painted grey by abstinence, there was a smart scattering upon tbe wharves. Hie h -J clapped to his pockets ; but his was an oli, cheap, rusty pistol (he had : swapped a Bible and his trawls for it once, upon a spree, and got cheated) ; it held but one cartridge, and his wrist shook. The shot went sputtering into the water, and no barm came of it. Jack jammed the pistol back into his pocket ; he glared about him madly, but had his glare for bis pains ; the men were afraid of bim ; he was alone upon the wharr. It can hardly be Baid that he hesitated. Would that it could. Raving to himself — head down, hands clenched, feet stumbling like a blind man's — the fisherman sank into the first open door be 6taggered by, as a seiner pierced by an invisible Bwordfish sinkB into tbe sea. He had fifteen euch places to pass before he reached his house. His chances were — as tbey were — at best. He drank for half an bour — an hour— a 1 half more— came out, and went straight home. It was now night of a February day. It had not been a very cold day ; a light, clean I f now had fallen, which was thawing gent«y. Jack, looking dimly on through hia craze, saw the light of his half of the grey cottage shining ahead ; he perceived that the frost was melted from the windows. The warm colon - came quietly down to meet bim across t:- o i?ish snow ; it had to bim in his delirium j ae look of a woman's eyes when they are j true, and lean out of her love to greet a man. ' He did not put this to himself in these words, but only said : Them lamps look like she used to-— curse ' . went hurtling on. He dashed np against the house, as a bow- sprit dashes on the rocks, took one mad look through the un frosted window, below the half-drawn curtain and flung himself against tb« door, and in. H:e wife sat there in the great rocking- chair, leaning back ; she bad & pill-'w behind her and her feet on tbe salt- fish box which he bad covered over to make a cricket for ber, when they were first married. She looked pale and pretty, — very pretty. She was talking to a visitor who sat upon the lounge beside her. It was a man. Now, Jack knew this man well u was an old mess-mate ; he had sworn off, a year ago, and they had gone different ways ; be ueed to be a rough fellow ; but people said now you wouldo't know him. I ain't so drunk but I see who you be, Jim,' began tbe huBband darkly : ' I'll settle with yuu another day. I've got that to say to my wife I'd say better it wc missed your company. Leave us by oureelves S' Look here, Jack,' Jim flashed good hu moured ly, 1 you're drank, you know. She'll tell you what 1 come for. You aek her. Svein' she wasn't right smart — aud there's them as says she lacked for victuals — my wife sent me over here with a bowl of cran berry pass, so help me Heaveu.' ' l'il kill you some other evenin'. Leave us be !' cried Jack ' We was settiii' and talkin' about the Reform Club when you come in,' objecttd Jim, with the patience of an old friend. We was worderin'if we couldn't get you to sign. Jack. Aek her if we wasn't. Come, now ! I wouldn't make a fool of myself if I was you, 'Jack. See there. You've set her to cryin already. And .she ain't right smart.' ' Clear out of my house !" thundered Jack. f Leave us be by ourselves I' I don't know s I'd ought to,' hesitated Jim. 'Leave ue be! or I won't leave you be a minute longer ! Ain't it my house ? Get out of it !' It is, that's a fact,' admitted the visitor, looking perplexed ; ' but I declare to Jupiter I don't kuow's I'd oughter leave it. the way things look. Have your senses, Jack, my boy ! Bave your senses ! She ain't right smart.' But with this Jack Bprang upon him, and the wife cried out between them, for the love of mercy, that murder would be done. ' Leave us be !' she pleaded, sobbing. ' Nothin' else won't pacify him. Go, Jim, go, aud shut the door, and thank her, for tbe cranberry Barse waB very kind of her, and for my husband's sake don't tell nobody he wasn't kind to me Tbere. That's right. There.' She sank back ioto tbe rocking chair, for she was feeble still ; and looked gently up into her husband's face. All the tones of ber agitated voice had changed. She spoke very low, and calmly; as if she gathered her breath for the first stage of a struggle whose nature she solemnly under stood! She had grown exceedingly pale. 'Jack, dear?' softly. I'll tive ye tim<»,' he answered with an ominous quiet. 'Teil yer story first. Out with it !' 1 1 haven't got nothin' to tell, Jack. He brought the cranberry sarse, for his wife took care of me, and she was very kind. And he set a little and we was talkin' about the club, just as he eays we was. It's Mother Mary's club, Jack. She's made Jim secre tary, and she wanted you to join, for I told her you'd reformed. Oh, Jack, I told ber you'd reformed !— Jack, Jack! Oh, Jack! What are you going to do to me. What makes you look like that? — Jack, Jack, Jack V ' Stand up here,' he raved. He was past reason, and she saw it; he tore off his coat and pushed up hiB Bleeves from bis tatooed arms. ' You've played me falee, I say ; I trusted ye, and you've tricked me. I'll teach ye to be the talk upon the wharves another time when I get in from Georges'.' She stood as he bade her, tottered and sank back ; crawled up again, holding by the wooden armof the rocking-chair, ahd stretched one hand out to him, feebly. She did not dare to touch him ; if she had clung to him, he would have throttled her. When she saw him rolling up bis sleeves ber heart etood still. But Teen thought : ' I wilt not ebow him I'm afraid of him. It's the only chance I've got.' The poor girl looked up once into his face and thought she smiled. Jack ? Dear J aek ?' ' I'll teach ye. I'll teach ye !' Oh, wait a moment, Jack. For the love of Heaven — 9top a minute. I've been that I said I'd be to you, since we was married. I've been an honest wife to you, my boy, and there's none on earth nor heaven as can look me in the eye and darsfc to say I haven't. I swore to ye upon the Rock of Ages, Mother | Mary witnessing — why, Jack?' her voice sank \ to infinite sweetness, 'have ye forgotten?: You ain't yourself, poor boy. You'll be ?o j sorry. I ain't very strong yet — you'd feel bad i if you should hit me — again. I'd hate to ' have you feel so had. Jack dear, don't. Go ; look in the other room before you strike ; again Ye hain't seen it yet. Jack, for the j love of mercy — Jack, Jack.' j ' Say you've played me false, and I'll stop. ; Own up. and I'll quit. Own uo to me, I say.' ; ' I can't «wn up to you, fori swore you by the Rock of Ages ; I swore ye I would be an honest wife. You may pummel me to death but I'll not lie away them words I swore to ye ... by that, . . . Jack, for the love of , Heaven, don't ye, Jack. For the way you used to feel to me, dear, dear Jack. For the ; sake of the babies we had, .... and you walked beside of me, to bury em. Oh, for God's sake. . . . Jack ! . . . Ob, you said you'd heittdtome . . . Ob, ye'Il be so sorry ! For the love of pity ! For the love of God ! Not the pistol ! Oh, for the Rock of But there he struck her down. The butt end of tbe weapon was heavy enough to do the deed. He struck, and then flung it away. Upon bis bared arm, as it came crashing, i the crucifix was spattered red. | j He stood up stupidly and looked about the room. The covers were off the kitchen stove, and the heart of the coals blazed out. Ber yellow bair had loosened as she fell, and shose upon tbe floor. He remr inhered that she spoke about tbe other room, and eaid of something yonder, that he hadn't seen it yet. Confusedly he wondered what it was. He stumbled in and Beared about the bedroom. It was not very light tbere, and it was some moments before he perceived tbe cradle, Btanding straight across his way. The child waked aa be hit the cradle, and began to cry, Btretcbing out its hands He had forgotten all about the baby. There bad been so many. 1 You'd better get up, Teen,' he said as fce . went out ; it e cryin' after you.' He shut tbe door and staggered down the Bteps. He hesitated once, and thought he would go back and say to bet : " What's the use of lay in' there ?' But he thought better, or worse, of it, and went hie way. He went out and reshipped at once, lingering only long enough to drink madly on tbe way, at a place he knew where he was sore to be let alone. The men were afraid of Jack, when he was so far gone under hb this. Nobody spoke to bim. He went down to Salt Brothers' wharf, opposite Salt and Co.'e, and found the Daredevil, just about to weigh. She was short by one hand, and took him as he was; He was surprised to find himself aboard when the next sun went down ; be had turned in his bunk and was overheard to call for Teen, ordering her to do eome service for him, testily enough. Oh,' he muttered, ' she ain't here, is ehe ? Be blasted if I ain't on the Daredevil.' He was good for nothing, for a matter of days, and silent or eullen for the trip. It bad I been a very heavy spree. He fell to, when he t came to himself, and fished desperately ; his luck turned, and he made money ; he made j seventy-five dollars. They were gone three j weeks. They had a bitter voyage, for it was ; March. They struck a gale at Georges', and another coming home. It enowed a great deal, and the rigging froze. The crew were uncommonly cold. They kept the steward cooking biiskly, and four or five hot meals a j day were not enough to keep one's courage j up They were part icular about their cooking, ' as fishermen are, and the steward of the Dare devil was famous in his calling. But it was conceded to be unusually cold, even for March, at St. Georges'. One mast keep the j blood racing, somehow, for life's sake. j Whiskey flowed fast between meals. Jack ; was observed not to limit himself. 'It was for luck,' he said. Take it through, it was a hard trip The sober men— there were eome — looked grim and pinched ; the drinkers ugly. ' It's a hound's life,' eaid a dory-mate of Jack's one day. His name was Rowe — Rowe Salt ; be was a half-brother of Jim's. But Jim was at home. And Teen, of course, was at home. Jack had not spoken of her ; he had thought of her — he had thought of nothing else. God knows what those thoughts bad been. When Rowe spoke to him in this fashion, Jack looked harrt at him. ' I've been thinkin' ef it disoblig&ted; a feller,' be said. ' Hey ?' asked Rowe. ' If you was treated like folks ; but yea ain't. You're froze. You're eoaked. You're wrecked. Your nets is stole. You're drove off in the fog. You're drowned, and you lose your trawls. If you swear off, you miss your luck. It's dirty abroad. Folks don't like the looks of you. There's alwers a hanker iu the pit o' your stomick. When you get upon a tear you don't know what you— do to — folks.' Jack stopped himself abruptly, and h-aned upon his oar ; they were trawling, and the weai her grew thick. ' Rowe,' he said, Bfcarina off into the fog, ' did ye ever think we was like fishes, us Fairharbor folks T ' I don't, know's I hev,' said the dory-mate, staring too, ' Well, we be, I think. We live in it, and we're drowned in it, and we can't get out on'fc, — we can't get out. We look like 'em too. I've thought about that. Some of us look like ; haddock. You've got the halibut look your- ; self. Skipper, he's got the jib of a monk-fish, ; — you ken see it for yourself. There's a man | I tneesed with, once, reminded me of a scul- ; pin. I guess I'd pass for a lobster, myself— for colour, anyhow. We take it out some ways, each on us. Don't ye know the look the women folks have when they get old and have gone hungry ? You can tell by the build of a < boy which way he'll turn out— halibut way, or hake, or mebbe mackerel if he's sleek and little. It's a kind of a birth-mark, I shouldn't wonder. There's no gettia' out on'fc, no more'n it out of you. Sometimes I used to think1 — ' Good Lord !' cried Jack. He laid down hie oar again, and the dory wheeled to star board 6harply. ' Rowe Salt, you look there ! you tell me if you see a woman yonder on the water !' You've got tbe jim-jams, Jack. Women folks don't walk at Georges. I can't Bee not-hin' nowhere, but it's thick as ' It's thick as bel!,' interrupted Jack, 'and there's a woman walkin' on the water. Lord! don't you see her? Lord! her hair is yeller hair, an' it's streamiu' over her — don't you see her? She's walkin" on this 1 devilish fog towards the dory. Teen ! Teen ! Teen! There! Lord save me, Rowe, if I i didn't see my wife come walkin' towards us, I us Bet tin' in this dory — Hi-i-igh ! I'll swear off when 1 get home. 1 11 tell her so. I hate to see such things. 'You see, Rowe,' Jack added presently — ; for he had not spoken after that, hut had fallen grimly to work. It was ten below, and the wind was taking the backward spring for a bitter blow : both men, tugging at their trawls through the high and icy sea, were euffering too much to talk — ' ye see we had some words before I come on board, and she warn't right smart. The baby can't be very old. I don't know how old it is. I was oncommon drnnk ; I don't remember what I did to her. I'm afraid I hit her — for I had some wordg with her. I wished I was at home. She won't tell nobody. She never does. But I'm Bet to be at home and tell her I've sworn off. I've got money for ber this trip, too ; I'm afraid she's in a hurry for it.' After this outburst of confidence, Jack seemed to cling to his dory-mate ; he followed him about deck, and looked wistfully at him. Jack had begun to take on tbe haggard look of the abstainer once again. _ The crew thought he did not seem like himself. He had stopped drinking, abruptly, after that dav in the fog. and suffered heavily from the weather and from exposure. 1 1 say, Rowe,' he asked one day, ' if anr- thing was to happen, would you jest step in and tell my wife I didn't believe that yam about her? She'll know.' Now it Hefel, that when they were rounding Eastern Point, and not till then, they bespoke the Destiny, which was outward bonnd, and signalled them. She drew to speAking dis tance, and her skipper had & word with the master of the Daredevil, but he spoke none ! too loud, and made bis errand quickly, and ; veered to his own. course, and the two boats parted company, and tbe Daredevil came ; bustling in. They were almost home. It was remembered afterwards that Jack was bRdly frostbitten upon that voyage ; he looked badly ; he had strange ways ; the men did not know exactly how to take him. He was over- beard to gay : 1 1 ain't a-goin' to go to Georges' again.' Rowe Salt overheard this, after the skipper . of the Destiny had signalled and tacked. Jack was sitting aft alone, when he said it, looking seaward. He had paid little or no attention to the incident of the Destiny, but sat staring, plunged in some mood of his own which , eeemed as solitary, as removed from bis kind ' and from their comprehension, as the moods of mental d eorder axe from the sane. So then, with eucb dexterity as the ignorant man could muster, Salt got his friend below, on some pretext, and stood lookmg at him helplessly. „ , _ . You don't look well, Rowe,' Jack sug gested, pleasantly, . 'Jack,' said his dory- mate, turning white enough, I'll make no hopes of it, nor mince uothin', for somebody's got to tell ye, aud they said it must be roe. There s a warrant after ye. The sheriff's on the tug betwixt U8 and the whaTf. She's layin' off the island, bim aboard of ber.' , , . u . T i_ 'I never was in prison, faltered Jack. 'The boys bave always bailed me.' t rTainft ft bftilin niiittEr, J&ck;( toiB tiCDB What did yon say?' e ' I eaid it wasn't a bailm business. Some body's got to tell you.' Jack gazed confidingly up into his friend i ' What was it that I done, old boy. Can't ye tell me?' . , ,, . ._ ' Let the sheriff tell you- Ask the sheriff. I'd rather it was tbe sheriff told you, Jack. ' Tell me what it is I done, Rowe Salt? la tell you.' He looked puzzled. ' The sheriff knows more about it nor 1 do, begged the fisherman; 'don't make an old messmate tell you.' All right,' said Jack, turning away. He had now grown very quiet. He pleaded no more, only to mutter once : I'd rather heard it from a messmate. j Rowe Salt took a step or two, turned, stopped, stirred, and turned again. ' You killed somebody, then, if you will know.' ' KJled somebody ?' j ' Yes.' ' 1 was drunk and killed somebody ?' ' ' Lord help you, yes.' ' I hope,' hoarsely — ' Look here, Salt, I hope Teen won't know.' M say, Rowe,' after a long pause, who waa it that I killed?' | ' Afrk the sheriff.' j 'Who was it tb at I killed ?' ' The Ekipper'll tell you, mebby. I won't. No, I vow I won't. Let me go. I've done my ehare of this. Let me up on deck! I went the air !' ' I won't let you up on deck— so help me— till you tell !' ' Let me eff Jack, let me off !' Tell me who it was, I say /' \ ' Lord iu beaveu, ibe poor devil don't know j —he really don't.' I ' I thought you would ha' told me, Rowe,' ' said Jack with a smile — his old winning smile, that had c&ptivaied; hiB messmates aU ; his life. ' I will tell you !' cried Rowe Salt with an ! oath of agony. ' You killed yoar wife. You ' murdered her. She's dead. Teen ain't to home. She's dead.' They made way for bim at this side and at that, for he sprang up the gangway, and dashed among them. When he saw them all , together, and how they looked, at him, he : stopped. A change seemed to strike his purpose, be it what it might. 'Boys,' eaid Jack, looking all about, ye won't have to go no bail for me. I'll bide my account, this time. He parted from .them, for tbey let bim do the thing he would, and got himself alone into the bows, and there he sank down, crouching, and no one spoke to him. The DaredeviL rounded Eastern Point, and down the shining harbour, all sails set, cam'e gayly in. They were almost home. Straightway tbere started out upon the winter sea a strong, aweet tenor, like a cry. It was Jack's voice — everybody knew it. He stood by himBelf in the bows, back to them, singing like an angel or a madman— some said this ; some said the other — ' Bock of AgfiF, cleft for me 1 Let me bice myself in thee; . . Thou ma9t Bave, and thou alone. . . ' When I eoar to worlds unknown, See thee on thy judgment throne,' sang Jack. With the ceasing of his voice, they divined how it wa9, by oue instinct-, and every man Bprang to him. But he had leaped and gained on them. The waters of Fairharbor seemed them selves to leap to greet him as he went do»a. These that bad borne him and ruined him buried him as if they loved him. He had : pushed up his sleeves for the spring, bard to the shoulder, like a man who wonld wrestle at odds. As he sank, one bared arm thrust above the crest of tbe long wave, lifted itself towards the sky. It was bis right arm, on which the crucifix was stamped. White and gold as the lips and he»rt of a lily, the day blossomed at Fairharbor one June Sunday, when these things were as a tale that is told. It was .& warm day, sweet and still. There was uo wind, no fog. The harbour wore her innocent face. She has one ; who can help believing in it, to see it ? The waves stretched themselves upon the beach as if they had been hands laid out in benediction ; and the colours of the sky were like the expression of a strong and solemn countenance. So thought Mother Mary, standing by her husband's side that day, and looking off from the little creature in her arms to the faces of tbe fishermen gathered there about her for the service. It was an open-air service, held upon the beach, where the people ehe had served and loved could freely come to her — and would. They had sought ihe scene in large numbers. The summer people, too, strolled down, distant and different, and hnng npon the edges of the group. They had a civil welcome, but no more. ThiB was a fisherman's affair ; nobody needed them ; Mother Mary did not belong to them. 4 The meetin's ours,' said Rowe Salt. It's us sbes after. The boarders ain't of no account to ber. ' His brother Jim was there with Rowe, and Jim's wife, and Borne of the respectable women neighbours. The skipper of the Daredevil was there, and bo were many of Jack's old messmates. When it was under stood that Mother Mary had adopted Jack's baby, the news had run like rising tide, from wharf to wharf, from deck to deck — every body kuew it, by this time. Almost every body was there, to see the baptism. The Fairharbor fishermen were alert to the honour of their guild. They turned out in force to explain matters, sensitive to show their beBt. They wonld have it understood that one may bave one's faults, but one does not, therefore, murder one's wife. The scene in the annals and the legends of Fairharbor was memorable, and will be long It was as strange to the seamen as a l?af thrown over from the pages of tbe Book of Life, inscribed in an unknown tongue, of which they only knew that it was tbe tongue of love. Whether it Bpoke as of men or of angels they would have been perplexed te say. Into her childless life, its poverty, its struggles, its sacrifices, and its bleBsed hope, , Mother Mark's great heart took the baby M she took a man's own better uature for him that which lay so puny , and so orphaned j& tho« wi d lives of tbeiira/an infant in bet hands. Jack's baby, Jack' 9 baby and Teen's, as if it had been anybody else's baby, was r>o be baptised 'like folks,' Jack's baby, poor little devil, was ro have bis chance. The men talked it over gravely ; it affected them with a respect one would not anticipate, vrbo did not know them. They had their Sun day clothes on. They were all clean. They had a quiet look. One ieliow who bad taken a little too much ventured down upon the beach, but he was hustled away from the christening and docked in the cove, and hnng upon the rocks to drp, One must be sober who helptd to baptise that baby. This was quite understood They sang the hymn, Jack's hymn and j Teen's ; of course they sang the Rock of Ages, and Mother Mary's husband read the chapter' to them, as he was used, and spoke with them ; aud it was so still among them that they could hear each wave of tbe placid sea beat evenly as if they listened to the beat ing of a near and mighty peaceful .heart. 'Mother Mary spoke with them herself a little. She told them how she took the child, in despair of the past, in hope of the future ; in pain and pity, and in love ; yearning over him, and his, and thoBe who were of their inheritance, and fate, their chances, and their soriowa, and their sins. She told thein of the child's pure heart within ns all, which rued s onty to be mothered to be saved ; which needs only that we footer it, to form it ; which needs that we treat it as we do other weak and helpless things, whether in oar- Belves or in another. What was noble in them all, she said, was to them like this little thing to her. Itwasatrast. Sue gave it to them, so she said, as she took the baby, here before their witnessing, to spare him from their miseries, if she might. They were Coached by this, or they seemed to be ; for they listened from their souls. We'd oaghter take off our hat",' somebody whispered. So they stood uncovered before the minister, and Mother Mary ; and Jack's poor baby. The sacred drops flashed in the white air. Dreamily the fishermen heard the sacred words : la the uame of the Father : And of the Son : And of the Holy Ghoat. Amen.' Bat no one heard the other words, said by Mother Mary close and low, when she re ceived the child into her arms again, aud bowed her face above it: ' My son, 1 take thee for the sake and for the love of thy father, and of thy mother. Be thoa their holy gbOBt.' Bat the fishermen, used not to understand her, but only to her understanding them, perceiving that she. was at prayer, they knew not why, asking of Heaven they knew not what, the fishermen said : Amen. Amen. 