ATHLETICS. (By ' NiMDLEyooT.') j J,B. Carmody's brother got second at tho Toowoomba sports in the all-comers' race. C. Donoghue must he in good form, for ho won tho Tenterfield Handicap from scratch tho othor day. An American runner named Higelman has covered tho 25 milos in 2hrs. 41s ec. 32 sec. lowering tno record or tno x anKees Dy 8sec. The nomination of Gagen will be missed from the Banks list. I hear it is a matter of consideration whether ho will not bo disqualified for running at CoCargo and winning under a wrong name. In the half-mile at Botany T. Griffiths went to tho lead too soon, and had not a spurt in him when near home. If ho could have spurted down the straight tho chances aro that ho may havo beaten Lawrence. Libeau, our champion walker, figured at tho cycling tournament in Melbourne last week. Ho did very well considering that it was only last year ho commenced to learn how to ride a bicycle at all. Libeau in time promises to bo one of tlio leading bicyclists. There will be an athletic sports meeting at Laidioy during Jubilee week, tho secre tary being 0. Hustler. Tho nominations received are : — Laidley Jubilee Handicap, 59 entries ; Amateur Handicap, 42 ; Hurdle Race, 25 ; Laidley Residents' Race, 20; Go-as-you-please, 10. Georgo Hutton, tho younger brother of the Quesnsland ' athletic trio,' distin guished himself at tho Ipswich amateur sports on May 21 last by winning the 150yds. hurdlo race, throwing tho cricket ball, and kicking the football. His record for throwing the cricket bull was Ill/yds. 9in. Samuels, the champion, has not accepted for tho Sir Joseph Banks' Sheffield. He is up at his native district, Dalby, in Queens land, Although he had no chance, yet I would liko to Jiave seen him start. Runners intending nominating for the Jubilee Handicap at Newcastle, should not 1 forget Saturday night next. , To concede 60yds. in half a mile handi cap is not asking a man with Myers' repu tation to do much. ? Heagney, the smart Victorian, is now in Sydney, and will run at Banks. The Penrith Progress Association June Handicap, on account of the continued wot weather, has beon postponed, until the 18th ; acceptances are therefore extended lo ?7 US? 8. 'i'ho tow will take place on the Oiih, Several meetings have beon held with a View to arranging a championship swimming match between William Beckwith and Gus Sundstrom, of America, but no satisfactory result has been reached, and thero now seems no likelihood of a match being made. This is entirely due to the unwillingness of Sundstrom's backers to risk moro than 500 dollars on him, which is too sinallasupi for Beckwith. Tommy Lawrence, tho winner of tho Banks half-mile, is an ex-amateur runner in England, where he has performed well in some cross-country contests. He has now been some four years in Sydney, and during that time he has run in public fre quently, but never appeared in such form as on Monday. Ho trained George for his contest with Myers, and has continued working on the track ever since. He has a very' neat clear way of running half a mile, and tho distance seems to suit him better than any other. So W. S. Moxley has undertaken to con cede 2yds. in 103yds. to Kingsmill, and, wonderful to relate, the aboriginal was hopelessly beaten at 80yds. Now Moxley stands about as much show of beating Kingsmill as he has of beating Charlie Samuel, and that is not a ghost of a show. Kingsmill is a better man than L. Hope, and the latter could do his 100yds. in about a |sec.,or4yds.overeven, while Moxley isa good 7yds. worse than ovens. If tne peopleup Queensland way think handicappers are to bo caught with such chaff they are foolish, for wo all know that Kingsmill should concede 3yds. at least in the 100yds. to Moxley. In the Half-mile Handicap at Botany on Monday Myers, the champion middle runner, showed up bad indeed. Ho could not cover tho distance in his ljeat when pushed by BeHette in less than 2min. -Asee. Many think that had Belletto not allowed Myers to pass him so soou he would have won. In tho final it took Myers lmin. to do the first -tlOyds., and he was 5sec. behind the leading, man. The only man ho caught was Monaglian coming down the Btraight, and was then about 30yds. behind the winner at the post, and it would havo taken the American about 2min. lOsec. at least to finish. This is nothing like Myers' true form, for his re cord is lmin. 55 2-5sec., done at New York in 18S3, and in 18S5 ho nearly re peated this performance, being only l-5sec. behind. If Myers was well and on his best behaviour he should have won by fully as much as he was behind. Thero was a nasty cold wind blowing, true, but then, while it was against tho runners ane-third of the way, it was with them another third, 'so that this interference did not count for much. At the finish Myers seemed flinminrlilv unmnnd nnf;. n.nd could not have been in form. From information that has reaohod me I it seems that several runners have been j distinguishing themselves up country by sneaking into handicaps under assumed names. I was sorry to learn that so capable a runner as Harry Millor had been guilty of such a thing. He, however, made an ; open confession, and asked not to be dealt liarslily with. I am told that the committee do not intend to take any action towards punishing him. I regret this, and if the officials wero to do their dnty they would disqualify Miller, and those that took a bribe to keep quiet over this matter. I aiii told that moro than ono runner from Sydney knew all along who Hnrry Ryan was, and any weak ness on tho part,- of tho committee only gives encouragement to such repre hensible conduct. It is necessary for the popularity of the sjiort that the runners themselves should form an association to protect the promoters of handicaps in the country from being imposed on. If an as sociation were formed having in view the punishment of any misdemeanour it would do a great deal to advance footracing. 