SABINA ZEMBRA. A NOVEL BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "Macleod ok Daiie," "A Princess ok Thulf.," Ac. (The Eight of Translation is Reserved.) CHAPTER XIV.— A Rose-Decobated Ball. To name a thing is nothing ; other people might call it love if tbev liked ; he was content to regard it as a beautiful and ideal friendship ; and he could have wished that this was the fourteenth century, and Lon- don ilorcncc, and that a certain cnosen band of charming ladies aud young geutle- mcn might retire to a small and fair domain without the city, and there to walk iu cool gardens und fragrant meadows, singing songs and telling stories, weaving garlands of flowers, and dancing to the dulcet strains of lute and viol — all to show to the world that perfect and frank good comrade ship might innocently and advantageously exist between unmarried men and maidens. In the meantime, he was neither in Florence nor in the fourteenth century ; and, indeed, he was too much occupied with the one and sole and consuming question as to liow he should mauage to see irabina aeain to waste much thinking over impracticabilities. But afternoon calls were useless, for Sabiua was rarely at home in the daytime ; haunting the neighborhood of Kensington- square was tautalisfng beyond endurance, and not until Mrs. Wygram came back from Brighton could he hope for an invitation to speud an evening with them. Was there no other way. For this constant desire to meet her again— it only for a few minutes, just to see how she was looking and hear her voice — banished every other thought and fancy trorn his brain ; and lie neglected his work, and bis ordinary companions had but little interest for him, and London became at once a delight and a torture to him — knowing, as he did, that Sabina was some where within the vast extent of it., and from morning till night he kept vainly guessing at her probable whereabouts. All this was friendship of a very exalted and devoted character, he knew ; Mill, it was friendship. One afternoon he went down to the bouse of a famous Academician, and found the mistress of the mansion at home. There were a few visitors present, and when I hey rose to leave he remained : he wanted to have a little private conversation with Mrs. Mellord. " Why," said he. when they had gone, " from what 1 hear, the whole of London is coming to you oil the 22nd." " Oh, no, no — only a few friends." she said (all hostesses say the like). We shall be very quiet — don't you be frightened away " " Oh, I am coming, of course," he said. u 1 have got some pretty women," she ob served, encouragingly (and she herself was charming enough, both in appearance and manner). " You always do have pretty women at your house," he said. " Don't you know that other people are a little bit jealous How do you manage it They're not t<»o fond of shining side by side. They like to be solitary stars. Well, now — eh — I wanted to ask you if you bad sent a card to the Wygrntns." ''The Wygrams," she repeated, with the least touch of surprise. ' 1 aon't think I did, then." "Oh, but you ought,", he made bold to say (for he was on very friendly terras with this pretty Mrs. Mellord). " Oh. yes, you must — a kindness, you kuow — auld lang syne " "i should hardly have thought it was in their way," she said, still looking rather puzzled. And then something seemed to strike her. and she regarded the young man with shrewd and demurely smiling eyes. " 1 suppose you mean that Miss Zeinbra should be included ?" 14 Miss Zeinbra ?" he answered, and he took up an Egyptian scent-burner and affected to bedeeply interested in tbe potter's handiwork. "Well, yes, I understand she is still living with them. I don't know that she would care to come — probably not. She would want some persuasion, I suppose, if you were kind enough to ask her. However, if you want another pretty woman, there is one. Of course, as I say, she would have to be persuaded — she doesn't often go out — but you could tell her, for example, that she ought to go out from time to time; seeing how rich people enjoy and amuse themselves should sharpen her sympathy with those poor people she works among : you might put it that way. if you thought it worth while asking her." Mrs. Mellord burst out laughing. " Do you know, Mr. Lindsay, that you are a very admirable actor ' Of course it is not you who want Miss Zerabra to be here on the 22ud » Oh, no. And your air of in difference — excellent ! Do you think I have heard nothing.' — with all the town talking about your infatuation for Miss Sabiua !" He reddened to the temples. ' 1 was not aware there were so inaiiv idiots in the world." Don't be angry," said his friend placidly. "They iniirht have coupled your name with a plainer girl. Now let us understand each other. Supposing I go to Miss Zembra and talk her over and get her to come here, perhaps you would like to take her in to supper He looked up quickly, but she did not give him time to speak. 1 suppose you would not object. Well, then, everybody says that Uerr Borella is a great chum of yours. I saw him the other night, and he refused lo come to me on the 22nd — the flimsiest excuse you ever heard : do you think you can induce him to change his mind V ' " I know I can." " And will you get him to siug " Certainly." " For, don't you see, 1 am not going to sacrifice the whole- night to you boys and girls. I must have some little amusement for the elderly people : and I am going to have distinct intervals between the dances, and have music — songs, J mean, for no one listens to anything else. Well, then. I have got Madame' Becchi and Angelica Russell, and Isidore, and one or two others, and I want your friend Borella as well." " Oh, that's all right," he said promptly. (- You really think you will get him to sing for ine I'll make him sing." " Because," said pretty Mrs. Mellord, gravely, and she regarded the young man with eyes that meant a good deal, " in that case I think out of sheer gratitude I must do my best to persuade Miss Zembra." The 22nd was a long way off yet, however : and in the interval the Wygrams came home from Brighton. During this time he en countered the sympathetic Janie occasion ally ; but saw very little of Sabina, who was busy with her multifarious duties : so that all "the more he looked forward to the even ing ou which he was .to meet- her at Mrs. Mellord's. And always with the tacit assumption that he was to have the mono poly of her society on that oecasioi Had it not been so at his own house on thavneraor- nble night? Sabina was his companion all the way through ; at supper she sat on his right hand, and talked almost exclusively to him ; in the studio the others were free to dance, or listen to tbe music, or amuse them selves as they chose : Sabina and he were apart and together. And as it was then, so it would be now ; for who else had such a claim on her I And at last came the night of the ball ; aud it was the very height of the London season ; and as carriage after carriage drove up to Mrs. Mellord's bouse, the crowd on the pavement had more or less distant glimpses of very distinguished people indeed — a gene rally recognised face causing a little murmur of comment— and of the less-known women folk who stepped along under the awning in the lightest and palest of summer cloaks and hoods. And pleasant it was on this hot June night to pass into the spacious ball of white and black marble.; and fresh and cool looked the tall ferns that went nil tbe way round the walls ; and there was a grateful flashing of the central fountain, where a ghost- white alabaster swan floated motion less in the middle of a miniature lake. But from the hall upwards and onwards there was no decoration but roses. Ropes of roses adorned the staircase ; festoons .of ro?cs hung above the doors ; masses of roses gave color to the pale gold ballroom ; and on the supper-table — as yet con cealed from the public eye — lay a bed of red roses from end to end. Everywhere there was a scent of roses, and a sound of music, too, for tho dancing had begun, and pretty Mrs. Mellord, at the head of the staircase, was already becoming anxious that the people should disperse a little, not crowd so obstinately rouud the ballroom door. (To it' continued.) 