Two of our ex-members, the Hons. J. H. Howe and A. Catt, who during the last Parliament represented the Elec toral District of Gladstone, have stated their views to their constituents. They do not sail in the boat that they did when first they became active politi cians. Both have tasted the sweets of office, Mr. Catt having held the posi tion of Commissioner of Crown Lands under the Colton administration, and Mr. Howe now holding that portfolio under the Downer regime. That of itself would account for their being no longer Siamese twins in political senti ment. Mr. Howe referred to our public debt of £18,340,200, and jauntily added that a further sum of £850,000 had been authorised. But he was frank enough to state his reason for looking at our national debt so light-heartedly. He referred to our ' valuable assets' rather proudly. These are represented by the amounts expended in railways, telegraphs, harbors, roads, public build ings, &c.; He, however, did not mention that with about two excep tions none of our railways pay their way, although we believe the Silverton line will be remunerative as soon as completed. Railways worked at a loss to the State cannot be regarded as very valuable assets. With regard to buildings, he said that if the Govern ment had not erected buildings it must have rented them. This is true enough, ' but there are buildings and buildings, J and while we do not accuse the : Downer administration of being worse ! than other Governments in wasteful expediture on buildings, that there has been wa6te no one can deny. The buildings at our railway station are an example. Instead of being neat and inexpensive, but serviceable, the do-,; signs have been elaborate and the buildings costly. Money has been | squandered for the sake of appearances. The public school-buildings are another j instance in point. The lavish and j quite unnecessory expenditure on them has assisted to increase our indebted ness. What would bave been taid of selectors had they erected palatial residences on their holdings while unable to get sufficient revenue from the farm to pay the interest on the principal sunk thereon ? This is what our legislators have done in the past, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands drew the attention of electors to it as something to be grateful for. It is hardly to be wondered at that the colony is going to the dogs when would-be statesmen fail to see that a prudent economy is as essential in the conduct of State affairs as in those if a private business. Mr. Howe said that five-sixths of the public works expenditure was judicious, which is tantamount to saying that three mil lions sterling has been spent injudi ciously. We think the total sum wasted far larger than that. To meet the deficit the Commissioner Df Crown Lands would endeavor to sell 10,000,000 acres of the interior at 5s per acre. He thus calculates upon obtaining from that source not only enough to balance the revenue and expenditure, but an additional £1,500,000 to be devoted to water conservation, and thus give employment to all who require it. Our views hav ing been frequently expressed on this subject, all we need say here is that we hope he may get 5s per acre for the land, and that the reservations men tioned in our last will be made when it is placed in the market. How can he expect to get that amount, however, when in the same breath he advocates a penny property tax, which of itself would drive capital from the colony ? With a property tax of Id in the pound the buyers of the ten million acres would have to pay to the Government annually a sum of over £10,400, to say nothing of what would be extorted from them for daring to keep stock and making improvements. We have consistently advocated the open ing up of the country by artesian wells and water-conservation gene rally, but it will not do to expend millions of money on questionable works, such as the Barossa scheme. Mr. Howe had much to say in favor of the latter, laying great stress on the report of the Conservator of Water, but which was demolished by a prac tical Victorian engineer. Then the Commissioner tried to build a structure on a statement of the Ghaffey Brothers that from SO to 30 acres on the Gawler Plains would with irrigation be suffi cient to maintain a large family. But the scheme is too expensive, and con sequently utterly preposterous. Irri gation can only be carried out gra dually, as people want to make sure of a market for the produce before going into it extensively. The Commissioner mentioned nearly all the creeks and tributaries in the settled country in the North as suitable for storage for irri gation purposes. But it would be sheer madness for the Government to expend money on many of the places referred to. The land is in the hands of private individuals, and in due time private enterprise will undertake the work — that is, if it is shown that it will be advantageous. The Hon. A. Catt had a good deal to say about the past, and reheared the history of the deficit. ; This was to some extent necessary in justification of the action of the Ministry with which he was associated. That gen tleman bad to refer to the notable year of land-surrenders. That policy of his seems to follow him like a ghost, and he knows perfectly well what we think about the whole affair. We are pleased to note, though, that Mr. Catt is losing just a little of his love for a property tax, but are sorry that he still thinks so much of it that he favors its imposition upon a confiding people. And yet his ideas have become so far liberalised as to induce him to advocate the sale of land to pay off the deficit, but he is still strongly of opinion that members ought to be paid for their 'services' to the country. Reform in Ireland can never be brought about entirely by coercion. Respect for the law and for the lives and property of others should be enforced in conjunction with a just and impartial revision of the laws relating to landlord and tenant. Having a thorough contempt for those people who go sneaking about at night attempting by violence and threats to terrorise the rural population of the Emerald Isle, we strongly advocate the iron hnnd of the law being laid upon them, otherwise po one's life would eventually be safe. In suppressing the Moolighters the Government has been doing good service, and also in using moral suasion with landlords to confine their evictions to persons who can pay their rent but will not. Notwithstanding all this, how ever, so many poor tenants have been driven from their homes with the most heart-rending callousness.thatno one can deoy there is good cause for the bitter feeling that prevails against the landowners as a class. It is evideut, therefore, that while protecting the peaceably-disposed inhabitants from the machinations of others the Government must give due consideration to the laws of cause and effect and act accordingly. While it is imperative to maintain order, it is just as essential to ascertain the grounds of dis content, nnd thus get at tbe root of the matter. Only when that is done may wo expect harmony to prevail in tbe land --f | the ekauu'ock. By a recent telegram in the Register we observe it is reported that Sir Redvera Buller, the officer in command in Ireland, declares that coercion is vir tually impossible in that country. It is hardly likely that he would make so inju dicious a statement as this, but nevertheless we trust that Lord Salisbury will remodel his Irish policy and set about the work of reform which alone can do permanent good to Ireland. The hatred between landlords and tenants has become so intensified that it seems to us there is nothing left but for the Government to etep in as arbitrator. Things cannot remain ns they are, but must become either better or worse, and the Im perial Cabinet has it in its power to deter mine what it shall be. We are thoroughly satisfied that were legislative means taken to better the condition of the people there would be a speedy diminution of crime. Had Mr. Gladstone, when in power, aimed at reform of a less radical nature he would, we think, have gained his point ; but he went too far, excited the fears of the loyal minority in Ireland, and was deserted by several of his dearest political friends. Lord Salisbury, on the other hand, has been waiting for tbe laws to be respected before introducing his proposed reform into Ireland, and it now seems that the speediest way of bringing order out of chaos is to eet his reforming machinery in motion without delay, and at the same time bring all outrage-mongers to justice and make a stern example of them. Political. — At Snowtown on Wednes day last a meeting of the Stanley electors was held, and the names of several gentle men mentioned as proper persons to re present the district, amongst those chosen being Messrs. E. W. Hawker, Haselgrove, and J. Maitland. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Hawker for past services, and a requisition was got up in favor of Mr. Haselgrove. It was notified that Messrs. 0\. Kimber, sen., T. Roberts, and H. Fraaer also intended offering their services. Sparrows. — These feathered pe9ts are playing havoc with the fruit gardens in this neighborhood. Their partiality for ripe grapes is wonderful, and they destroy all the bunches they see by sticking their bills into the berries, leaving nothing but the skin of the fruit. The sparrows have multiplied to a great extent since the Government in its wisdom refused to pay for their destruction. Cause List. — The following cases are set down for hearing at the Local Court house, Glare, ou Wednesday, March 16 : — Hosking v. Teasdale, claim £2 18s 6d. Probates. — The following probates have been granted : — D. Smith, of near Laura, £1,000; H. Ward, of Willaston, £220; J. G. Schulz, of Tanunda, £350 ; T. Mc Donald, of Brighton, £8,000. The Barossa Gold-Fields. — There is nothing very new from the Barossa Gold fields. At Sim's rush the miners continue steadily at work with satisfactory results. A good deal of gold is being purchased. The rush on the eastern side of the gully is turning out very well, every hole that has been bottomed on the lead giving satisfac tory prospects. AH the old claims continue to yield well. The New South Wales com pany formed to test the ground in the com pany's paddock has broken up. It has, how ever, been reorganised, and has started to work with vigor. There are now nine shareholders, Mr. Wagetaff having retired, and others have come in. They have a larger area of ground, and have commenced a fresh shaft. The result of their labor is eagerly looked for, as it is expected to prove the auriferous or non-auriferous nature of tbe wet and deep ground. Should they be successful there is a large extent of country open for working. — Bunyip, The Teetitlpa Diggings.— These dig gings are being deserted for the new rush at King's Bluff, and despite the fact that there is no water over 600 sanguine diggers have gone there to try their luck. The sinking is shallow, and it is to be hoped that a supply of water will be obtained soon in order to give the men an op portunity of thoroughly testing the ground. It is reported that gold has been found two miles from the present rush, which is very likely, as if surface indications go for any thing the precious metal exists almost every where in that country. Land Re turn. — The following is a re turn of land sold and cash received during February. The cash sales amounted to 34 acres, which fetched £452 5s 9d. The sum bid for credit sales was £536, the area being 536 acres. Total cash and credit, 570 acres ; amount, £988 5s 9d. In addition to the above tbe annexed amounts have been received :— Completion of purchase of 5,G84| acres, under Act 14 of 1868-9, &c;, £5,744 Is 2d; payment of one-fourth purchase- money, £37 5s ; payment of por tion of purchase-money, £4,152 Os Id; payment of deposit (10 per cent.) on ac count of purchase-money, Act 275/82, £67 12s ; extension of credit for purchase-money, £521 9s lOd ; extension of credit for three fourths of purchase-money, £84 ]9s Id; interest on overdue amounts, £279 13s. Total, £11,105 10s 5d. Requisition ro Mr. 0. Kimber, J.P.— On Saturday afternoon last a requisition containing over 140 signatures was presented by Mr. J. Christison, J.P., to Mr. C. Kimber, sen., asking him to allow himself to be nominated as a member for the District of Stanley. Mr. Christison intimated that requisitions had been sent out to other parts of the district, but they had not yet come in, otherwise the requisition would have been much larger. It was the general feel ing throughout tbe colony that districts ought to be represented by local men, and he was of a similar opinion ; but at the same time it was not wise to send into Par liament uieu of no mental calibre, to be laughed at when they got there. These re marks did not npply to Mr. Kimber — (Hear, hear) — for they could not find a better man — (Cheers) — and they all knew th8t he was a moral, enterprising, and common-sense man who had a good insight into the busi ness of the colony. De furthermore bad a, \ larjre stake in the district which they wished i him to represent, and that was one of ihe principal reasons why (hej had asked him I to come forward. If his views were iden tical with those of the electors, lie (the speaker) believed that Mr. Kimber would ba relumed at the head of the poll. (Cheers.) Mr. Kimber, in reply, stated thai he felt flattered at the honor conferred upon him and the kind terms iu which Mr. Christison had referred to him. They all knew him, and he had always endeavored lo go singularly straight — (Cheers) — and he would always adopt the same tactics. He did not think that general representation had been tbe case in the past. The laws enacted bore upon the poor rather than the rich, and if they were simplified it would be to the advantage of tbe colony. He was in sympathy with the whole of the district. The land question was the main one, and it should have his earnest attention. There were two classes of men who held the land — the capitalist, who did not work it, and the farmer, who did and tried to get the most out of it, and by doiDg so was doing good to the country. The two classes clashed, and it was like playing a game of chess — the capitalist checkmated the grower. However, he would not lay his views before them then. He felt complimented iu being asked to contest the district, and he had much pleasure in consenting — (Cheers) — although he had some diffidence in coming forward. If he were returned he would manage not to let the people laugh at him, and through him at the district. (Cheers.) Cable News. — The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — In the Reichstag the Government Bill for the increase of the army by 41,000 men was voted by a large majority. — The 11 officers and 120 Boldiers who were proved to have taken part iu the recent revolt at Rustchuk have been sentenced to various terms of penal servitude. — In consequence of the meditation of Germany tbe difficulty between Portugal and Zanzibar has been so far arranged that active hostilities have been averted. — It is reported that the accounts of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition show a surplus of £24,000, which will be given to the Imperial Institute. — The French Cham ber of Deputies has imposed a tax of 5 fr. per hundred kilos, on foreign wheat im ported into France. — There is great excite ment among the peasantry at Yough&l;, in the South of Ireland, owiug to a collision with the police, which has been attended with fatal results. The residences of those who were killed have been surrounded by infuriated crowds, calling for revenge for their deaths. — Abdelkader Pasha, the Minister for the Interior, and Minister for War and Marine under Tewfik Pasha, the Khedive, has been suspected of intriguing, and has resigned his post. He will be re placed by Mustapha Fehoy. Passenger Returns. — The passenger returns at Port Adelaide for the month end ing Feb. 28 give a total of 1,192 inwards, and 1,965 outwards. Staple Exports.— Month ending Feb. 28, £336,585. ' Doctors differ.' They do, but the ex ception proves the rule. — They all agree that Wolfe's Schnapps is the best stimu lant procurable. If you wish to establish a name for your house, sell the best brands — Wolfe's Schnapps stands foremost. 