MISCELLANEOUS. Ironstone, impregnated with gold, has been found near Beltana. Tbe death is announced of the Rev. Mother Mary Liguori, Superioress' of the convent in Angas street, Adelaide. At the instigation of Mr. W. E. Ford, of the York Hotel, Adelaide, a member of the Salvation Army has been fined 10s aud costs for playing a drum to the annoyance of the inmates of that well-known hostelry. With reference to the insolvency of Mr. E. Ward, M.P., he has been awarded a second-class certificate, suspended for a year, on the ground of previous insolvency within 10 years and non-payment of 10s in the pound. An American belle's watch is not the in nocent timepiece it seems. Within the watch case is concealed a perfect collection of cosmetics to beautify (?) the society lady, such as a powder-puff well filled, pencils for darkening the eyebrows, rouge for the cheeks, and a tiny mirror in the frame, in order that the decorating may be done artistically. If the actual rate of increase and present eco nomic conditions of life should continue, the population of England and Wales will have doubled itself in the year 1936; and 50,000,000 of human beings will be massed within the streets and lanes of some 20 overgrown cities, at the bead of wbicb will stand a Babylon of which the world has never dreamed. Prince Bismarck's estate of Friedrichs rube, Lauenburg, Northern Prussia, is troubled by ghosts. Most mysterious noises and visions haunt one of the chief forester's lodges, flaming swords straneelv appear ; and spirits rap all over the house ; so that the neighboring peasants are in abject terror, believing the signs to imply impending war and misery. Crowds from the country round hover about the lodge to watch the manifestations, and the whole place is demoralised. A most extraordinary and mysterious affair has occurred at Shepparton (Victoria). On March 14 last Paver Brothers, near Kyabran, lost three head of cattle. They searched unremittingly for days, but failed to nnd the missing stock, and finally gave them up. On Saturday last a Mr. Rogers, a neighbor of Pavers', lost a horse, and, hearing that the animal had got into Pavers' paddock, went to look, and while searching heard groans issuing from an old shanty in a corner of tbe paddock. He broke open the door, and on entering discovered the three lost cattle in a very emaciated condi tion, they not having had either food or water during the three weeks of their in- j carceratiou. It is supposed that the animals : entered the shanty for shelter, and ecci dentally jammed the door to. One hns died since its liberation, but the other two are recovering. A curious accident, illustrating the necessity of usiug tbe greatest care in fixing cutting tools iu machiuetj, is reported in the American journal Science. Whilst a wood turner of San Francisco was at work at his trade, a steel chisel became detached from a grooving-machine, and struck him in the bead, producing a fracture of the bones of the nose, and severely injuring the left eye. The surgeons found behind it a piece of steel 3i inches long, 1 inch wide at the centre, and tapering to sharp points at the ends. One end was buried H inches in the brain. Tbe velocity and force with which this chisel must have entered the braiu may be imagined when it is stated that the drum to which it was attached was making 2,300 revolutions a minute. The injury to the brain was not discovered until several days afterwards, and the man died on tbe tenth day. Madrid is at present in a condition border ing on alarm owing to the frequent recur rence of mysterious and murderous attacks upon pedestrians by some person or persons unknown. Within less than a month seven people hnve been found in the streets either dead or badly wounded, between the hours of 11 p.m. and 1 a.m. In every case the wound has been from a large knife, while the attack has been made from behind the person murdered or wounded. In every instance, also, those who survived declared that their assailant was entirely unknown to them, and they were quite unable to throw any light on the cause of the crime. The first victim was a well- known journalist, who expired n few minutes after being stabbed. He lived long enough, however, to declare that bia assailant was perfectly unknown to him. Various theories have been started to account for these murders — as they are certainly not prompted by rob bery — although the more general view, which is also tiat of the police, points to their being tbe work of some homicidal maniac. Ot General tod Manteufifel, the late Ger man military 'Governor of conquered Alsace, who bated ail that was French, it is stud that he once at a public dinner engaged in a dispute with a French diplomatist, who maintained the superiority of the French workmen over the artisans of nil other nations. ' A thing so ugly does not exist that the skiil and genius of a Frenchman ennnot mate of it a thing of beauty,' iie said. Angered by the contradiction, the old soldier pulled a hair from his bristly grey moustache and handed it to the Frenchman saying, curtly, ' Let him make a thing of beauty out of that, then, and prove your claim ?' The Frenchman took the hair, and sent it in a letter to a well known Parisian jeweller, with a statement of the case and an appeal to his patriotic pride, setting no limit to the expense of executing the order. A week later there arrived a neat little box for tbe general. In it was a handsome scarf-pin made like a Prussian eagle, which held in its talons a stiff grey bristle, from either end of which dangled a tiny golden ball. One was in scribed ' Alsace' the other ' Lorraine' a«d on the eagle perch wew the words, ' You hold them but by a biur.' For those who like sensational rnceB (says the English correspondent of a Sydney paper) the following may be of interest. On Wednesday last, at Auleuil (France), two horses, Trident and Haul Cloud, started for the last race. In jumpinjr the brook oppo site the Tribune tiie former Ml, and got rid of his jockey, Benson, Charles Cunning ham, the trainer, who was standing by, at once caught the horse, and, mounting, pro ceeded in pursuit of Haut Cloud. At the next water jump, however, Trident again came to grief, Bending Cunningham to grass, whereupon Bob Coulthorn, a well known jockey and trainer at Maisons Lafitte, jumped into the saddle, but he also came a cropper, and then little Baker mounted. Haut Cloud in the meantime, had got half a mile ahead, but derohing, as they say in France, at a hurdle, Baker managed to overhaul him, and eventually won amidst tumultuous applause. All the riders of Trident (Bensou, Cunningham, Coulthorn, and Baker) had to go to the scale, and as the horse had jumped the pro per course he was awarded the race. I doubt whether such a thing has ever before happened ; and it certainly deserves to be recorded anionjr the curiosities of racing. An extraordinary incident has just oc curred at the Rouen Court of Appeal, France. Three men who had been sentenced at Havre to various terms of imprisonment appealed to the Rouen Court. They were brought in together, and on tbe first prisoner being asked the question, ' Have you appealed ?' he replied, ' Yes, I did so to see if the Rouen judges are as great rascals as those of Havre. This piece of impudence produced a great sensa tion, and the man was forthwith condemned to one year's imprisonment for insulting tbe j magistrates. What was the general sur prise when the second prisoner, on being asked the same question, returned an identical reply. This time the judges dealt out a double penalty, and he was sent off with two years' imprisonment to his book. No one dreamt that the third man would dare to face the court in this insolent fashion after the punishment to which his two companions had been treated, and a thrill of amazement ran through the audience when, in answer to the formal query, ' Have you appealed ?' he returned the same reply, ?* Yes, I did so to 6ee if the Rouen judges are as great rascals aa thoBe of Havre.' Tbe court sentenced this man to three years9 imprisonment. Such an incident must be almost without a precedent in the annals of justice. A very rare event in the annals of the stage took place recently in tmola. The popular Italian dramatist, Ulisse Barbieri, was present at the first performance of his ' Caprera,' the hero of which, as may be guessed from the name, is no other than Garibaldi. The theatre was crowded, and the audience was so delighted with the patriotic tendency and language of the play chat they determined to reward the author by insisting that the whole piece should be played over again from beginning to end. Cries of ' Da Capo! Da Capo!' were kept up for eome minutes, and, after consultation with tbe actors, the piece — which was in one act — and occupied about an hour — was performed again. The AUgemeine Zeitung says that such an incident has only occurred once before in the history of the modern theatre.1 This was nt the first performance of CimaroBsa's 'Secret Marriage' at the Court Opera House of Vienna, when the composer himself conducted his new opera. It was received with such enthusiastic applause that, after a short pause, it was repeated in its entirety, the Emperor and his Court waiting throughout the second performance. We hope that our ' encores' in England may never attain such terrible dimensions,— Echo, 