SABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "Macleod of Dare," " A Princess of Thule," Sc. CHAPTER XX, IN LONDON AGAIN, This was Janie Wygram who waB making her way up a duBby and narrow little stair case in a house in the Strand, and wondering the while what had induced the newly married pair to pitch their dwelling in the very centre of the great city's turmoil. Then she gained a landing. There was an open door Defore her; and the next moment this was no other than her beloved Sabie who had eagerly caught her by both hands, and drawu her into the light, and kisBed her, and was smiling and laughing with gladness to see her again. " And I know what you're thinking, Janie —that we've gone stark, staring mad to come and live in Buch a place. Oh, but you have no idea how convenient it is. I can pop down to Hungerford Pier in a couple of minutes—the Charity Organization Society is quite close by—there's Charing Cross Station nandy for Fred—and Wateroo not so far away." At the first mention of Fred Foster's name the rather bewildered Janie involuntarily looked round; and Sabie instantly under stood that mute interrogation. " Fred's gone down to Lillie Bridge," she said lightly. As plainly as possible Janie's little glance of surprise said—" He has left you already alone in London, too ?" but she was a pru dent lass, and held her peace; and Sabina (whether or not Bhe had noticed that look of surprise) continued cheerfully enough:— " I suppose he'll find some friends there, for he's not coming back till the evening, and so I thought I would use the day for my own purposes. That is why £ wrote to you, Janie, dear. I want you to come and help me in getting a few things for the rooms. Comfortable little rooms, aren't they ? And one need never be dull either; just look at this." She took her friend to the window, and showed her the busy, noisy thoroughfare, with its continual Btream of passers-by, its shops and pavements and sandwich men, its cabs and vans and omnibuses, its oease leEs movement and kaleidoscopic groupings. " When I'm left a poor forlorn grass widow," Sabina said, " I can always amuse myself there. But you know, Janie, I shan't have much time for moping. Come, shall we go and begin our purchases at once ? I want to get a few pretty things, and some useful things as well, just to make the place trim and snug. Fred was no use in the way of advice; the only thing he could suggest was a cellaret." All this time Janie had been quiet silent; bnt now she took Sabina's hand in hers, and regarded her with tender and earnest and wistful eyes, and said " Ah, you don't know, ,Sabie—how glad I am—to find you so—so—so happy—and con tented." "Why, yeu dear, good, silly creature;" Sabina answered, good-humouredly, " what did you expect? Bid you expect to find me sitting with a dagger and a bowl of poison before me ? Come along now, and we 11 get onr shopping done ; and then we'll come back here to have a bit of lnnch; and yon will tell me all about my friends down in Chelsea." And so they set forth; and soon they were both engrossed in that important business. At the same time Janie could not fail to per ceive that Sabina seemed determined to be scrupulously economical, and betrayed a quite new desire to have money's worth for her money. Formerly she bad been distinctly freehanded—even to careleBsnesB; bnt now questions of small savings were considered; and more than once ahe contented herself with a secondrate article, in spite of Janie's protests. On their way back to the rooms in the Strand she even made some little kind of apology, "Vou see, Janie, if I am to have any margin at all to help my poor people down there, we must be very prudent in what we spend on ourselves. 1 daresay, in time, and with care, we may make a little nest-egg, just in case of emergency; but at present it is pretty much hand-to-mouth; and I know my father won't alter his resolution, whatever Fred may think. That hundred pounds my father gave me for the wedding outfit just made all the difference to ns; you know iBpent as little as ever I could, and out of the balance I paid for all these things we have been buy ing; and 1 lent Fred twenty pounds thiB morniDg; and even now I have another five snd twenty left. So you see when I come again to visit my friends down there I shan't have a quite empty purse." " You lent Mr. Foster twenty pounds this morning?" Janie was startled into saying. "Oh, well," Sabina rejoined, witn her usual good-nature, " he choaeto call it a loan. I don't suppose our united fortunes will be so great that we need keep an account between us. I suppose that trip to Cornwall rather ] impoverished him—the driving is so expen sive there; when you get married, my dear { child, don't you go to Cornwall," " How very buBiness-like you have grown, Sabie!" her friend exclaimed—perhaps with a touch of disappointment, " A married woman, my dear, has her re sponsibilities," Sabina answered, briskly, as they were ascending to the room. " And the first of these at present is to decide what we shall send out for, for lunch. Better still— we'll ring for the landlady, and ask her advice." It was quite like old times for these two to 1 be having a frugal little meal together; and of conrse there was a great deal to be talked over concerning the futures and condition of j the poor people who had been temporarily under Janie's charge. Nor were other friends forgotten; and at last Sabina said " And what about W alter Lindsay ?" Janie looked up quickly, " Why, surely you know he has gone to America!" I " Oh, yes, I remember his speaking about it," said Sabina. "His speaking about it," Janie repeated, with something of reproach in her tone ; and then she added, with a bit of a sigh, " Ah, well, Sabie, I suppose it was not your fault that you did not eare for bim." " Bat I did carefor him," Sabina answered, warmly, "I cared for him very much indeed. He and I were always the best of friends. I hardly ever knew any one I liked more why, bow could it be otherwise?—he was so generous, and manly, and courteous in every way. And so pleasant in manner—I tell you I liked him very, very much indeed." "He loved you, Sabie." Sabina hesitated for a moment, not knowing wbich way to take this. "Ton should not say such things," she said, qnietly. " There's no harm in saying it now," was the rejoinder. "There would be harm, if it were true," Sabina said, quickly. " And I knew that you had some fancy of toe kind from the way you kept on talking abont him. You mistook the very frankness of his friendship for some thing quite different." "Sabie, I'm telling the truth!" she cried, " Why, he worshipped the very ground you trod on! There never was a man loved a woman more than he did you. He thought of nothing else but yon; night and day he was contriving to do you some little kindness —or even to keep himself in your remem brance. Loved you?—yes, I should think he did—you will mover meet with a love like that again, if you live for a hundred years." " Janie, you forget!" "No, I don't forget," Janie said, piteonely, " but 1 want to speak just this once. I think it is cruel—he goes away, without a word well, that ib juBt like him—np to the last he had no thought or wish but for your happi ness ; and now, when you talk of other people—you—yon mention him just as an ordinary acquaintance, and you've half forgotten that he'a gone away to America. I suppose he would prefer that; it wub always his way; whatever was best for yon—that was all he thought of. I went to tell him when you got engaged. I suppose I was rather put about. I had expected other things. But would he say a single word except of kindness for you ? No; he made me promise to remain your friend whatever happened; he made me promise to make the best of everything; he had nothing to say about himself, though I could gueBa well enough." "Arid so you tbink yon are making the best of everything, Janie, by telling me all thiB?" " I don't want him to be quite forgotten. I don't tbink it'e fair. You would have re membered if the most ordinary acquaintance had gone away to America; and this man— the nobleBt man that I have ever met with— be goes away from his own country—and with a broken heart, as I take it—aud you ecarcely remember" "Janie, don't make me angry," Sabina said, ■' 1 tell you I remembered well enough his intention of going to America; we talked of it on my wedding-day; and he was as cheerful then as you might be now, if you j bad only a little common sense. Come, come, put that folly out of your head, and let ine know if you have heard anything about him aince his arrival—1 should be glad to hear of bim now and again—I suppose he has friends over there?" " Friends! yes, I should think so!" said Janie, proudly. "You should have seen the aecount of the dinner they gave him at one of the artiBts' clubs in New York—father got the newspaper, but I don't know who sent it —and they said such fine things about him, and spoke of bis making America his home. Bnt I know better than that," Janie con tinued, with an air of authority, " I know better than that. He meant it one time, no doubt; and he meant to sell his house and studio; and he asked me to go up one after noon and help him to pick out keepsakes for the people we knew, before he sold every thing off. Well, we were getting through with that—and we have all of ua got some thing to remember him by—father, and mother, and all of ns—when he came to the Chippendale cabinet in the corner of the studio. He did not think I saw him; but I did; he took out the cup of rock crystal with the stones round it—you once drank out of that cup, Sabie" A slight flush came on Sabina's forehead. "It was a piece of nonsense—1 Bhould have thought nothing of it only that your mother mentioned it afterwards." " Well, he looked at it a long time; and then he put it back, and then he turned to me. 'Do you remember the night Sabina came here to supper?' he said—for I had asked him to call yon Sabina during these last few days, when we were talking a little about yon. Of course I do,' I said. T Do you remember bow pretty she looked when she was up at the corner of the table—the yellower An of lace round her neck, and the bunch of forget-me-nots in front. She was very kind to me that night. And do you re member her coming along through the garden, like a pale, beautiful ghost; and her surprise at finding the studio bo well lit up. That is j where she sat—on the sofa there—while they were singing 'Shepherds, have you seen my Flora pass thiB way ?'—you remember all j tbat evening, Miss Janie ? As if I were likely to forget it! ' Well,' he says,' it's no | use. I meant to sell this place, and go to America for good. I'm going to America, | that'B all right ; but so help me God, so long as I have a shilling left, I will never allow a stranger to come in and take possession of this house ?' And that is how it stands at j this moment; and yet—yet—you say that ] man was not in love with you 1" ••Janie." Sabina said, "you talk to me as , if you had something to reproach me with— | as if I had done Walter Lindsay a great wrong. Well, you know Walter Lindsay. But so do I; and I think I know him well ■ enongb to make Bnre be never meant you to speak to me like that" This was a deadly home thrust; and for a second poor Janiebecame rather pale, and bit her lip. "Ton may say anything you like against me, Sabie ; I am quite content when I see yon begin to appreciate Walter Lindsay a little," That was all that was said on this subject just then, for lnnch was over now, and wnen Sabina asked Janie what they ought to do that afternoon (Mr. Fred not returning till 7), and when Janie besought her to go down and eee the old people in Kensington-square, she most cheerfully consented. They spent the afternoon partly in Kensington square and partly in certain neighbourhoods to the south of that, looking up a few old friends and acquaintances, and then, when Sabina had to return to the Strand, Janie made the voyage with her from Chelsea Pierto Hunge - ford, but could not be induced to go further than that. Some other time, she said, she wonld call and see Mr. Foster and Sabina together. As it chanced, if she bad accompanied. Sabina home to those rooms, she wonld have found Fred Foster in a; remarkably good humour " Ain't we smart!" said be as he came in (Sabina had preceded him by but a few minutes). "Now, 1 do oall this un commonly neat and snug for the middle of London. Oh, Janie helped you, did she? Give her my love when you tee her; she's not particularly beautiful; but I cousider those people were awfully good to you. Now, DameDurden, what's the programme for this evening ? To begin with, some dinner. The Btroug point of this arrangement is that we are not dependent on cooke or butlers or any body who may get drunk and break things you wander out into the world of London and dine where you please—the best of food and the best of wines, if only you know where to go; no bother; you can entertain your friends, too, when fortune smileB on you. So off you go and make yourself gorgeous, and we'll try the Cri." "The what?" she asked. " The Criterion. No; let me see; well go to the Cafd Royal: there I may have a cigar after dinner. Look alive, for I am despe rately hungry." They went to that restraurant, and Mr. Fred ehowed considerable experience and. skill in ordering their little banquet, with its appropriate wines. Sabina rather l.'ok him. to task for his extravagance; but he Baid lightly " On, yon let me alone. I've had a little bit of luck to-day. Well, I don't consider it luck, as I told you before—I consider it bare justice—it's only getting a little of my pro perty back. Don't you make any mistake— the breast of a partridge and a glass of Pom-, mard were specially invented by a beneficent Providence to go together—don't be a fool, but do as yon are bid. I tell you I'm going to look after you, and see you through this turmoil they call life." Be was qnite merry, indeed; and told her many facetions stories about the two or three companions he had rnn against during the day; indeed, so lightly did the time pass that it was after 9 o'clock before he had finished hiB cigar and was ready to leave, "I bad intended taking you to the theatre," he said, as he called for his bill, " but that's the worst about play-going in London now the theatres are too popular; you are never sure of a decent seat, unless you solemnly make np your mind a long time before—as if you were going to be married, or hanged, or something, Then they don't let you smoke. And besides, you've got to rush away in the middle of yonr dinner, just when one'a inner consciousness feels the want of repose. Now, the music-halls don't give you the highest form of intellectual entertainment—I admit, that. It iBn't Shakspeare. But, mind you, there's something uncommonly handy in your being able to drop in at any time; always something going on; a cigar, or a drink, when, you want it; or an evening paper, to vary the thing. Look here, what do you say to driving up to the Oxford for an hour?" " The Oxford ?" she repeated enquiringly. " Yes; it's A music-hall, don't you know I Oh, well, it isn't high culture, as I admit; but it's a way of passing an hour; and then jou wouldn't meet anybody—I mean ws should get a private box; no one would know that yon were there. And sometimes there's very good singing." "If you don't mind," she said, "I think I would as Boon go back to our rooms, and see how all our new finery looks." " Oh, very well," he said, contentedly; and so they went downstairs, and got into a hansom, and were driven home. Sabina took to planning, and arranging, and stitching where that was wanted; be applied himself to Dufton's excellent treatise on " Practical Billiards," bnt soon fell asleep. When he awoke it was half-past 11; and then he proceeded to mix for himself a little spirits and water as an adjunct to his final cigar. 