The Hay Council having no money to spond until that £10,000 loan bill is passed— Mr Lakoman fully relies on tho Arch Promiso-broakor to pasB it if he doea itinono night — havo turned thoir atten tion apparently to ? politics; und not tho politics of ! New South Wales but those of tho Empire. That a small town on its outskirts should manifest such public spirit and evon seek to mako London tremble argues ft go-a-headnesa that is refroshiug in this dull and sleepy laud, and shows that tho uiembors of our Council, though they loft tho Ciibb^go Gardon i long ago, still retain tho wondorful^pluck and darinc; and enercv that characterise Victorians and mako them tho leading pooplo of tho British colonial empiro. Of course thoro will bo divorso viows as to whothor the Council is notgoing outaido its provinco. It was right enough to tako up tho question of tho Quoon'a Jubileo, for that was a aubjoct within thoir province, but evon in considering that matter thoy wont beyond their mission and diacussod it in a purely political light. But what tho Municipal Council has to do with the Imperial Institute, or a contribution to it by the Legislature, must puzzlo tho most shrowd. Wo have elected memborsto ropresent our views in Par liament and to register those viows by thoir votes. Our Council is not a political institution ; it was elected to mako roadways — which for lack of monoy it does not do— and suporintond tho town affairs generally. Thoir world, howover, seems too narrow for them, po thoy seek a widor ono and appoar to have got it, for last week Sydnoy was quito moved over their daring, and tho J),l\ , hard up no doubt for a funny articlo on Saturday, as Parliament wrb not sitting and Mr M'Elhono and Mr Melville were silent, went for thoir hair in an excruciatingly funny article, written by tho Junius of tho establish ment. The articlo was in tho main in vory bad taste, and makeB personal allusions to which no truo humorist would descend. Still if our CouucU'koos into tho Hold of Imporial politics, what can thoy ?xpect? The Council, if it pleases, can discuBs political questions, but that was not what thoy woro eloctod for. They represent tho wholo of tho ratopayora, whole political viows aro of tho most diverse 1 character. If it was thought right to givo an expres sion of the viows hold by the people of Hay on tho Imperial InBtituto quostion, the proper course, that which womld really be of weight, would bo to call a public meeting, at which all sections of political opinions would be represented, and tho resolutions of which would entitlod to tho respectful attontion of tho Premier and Parliament. Mr Lakoman did not forget to buttor tho Council and to roproHcnt their views 'on subjects like this, totally foreign to thoir taison d'etre were look«d for and conaultod ,by Ministers and mombers. If that was tho caso wo would not havo boon bo long out of our £10,000 and the Hay-Doniliquin railway. Wo hopo that £10,000 ?will soon bo hod, ho that tho Council can leavotho Jubiloe, tho Imporial Institute, tho South Kensing ton Gang, and Sir Phillip CunlifFo Owon, alone and proceed to mako Lachlan-street, MoppoLt-stroet aud other thoroughfares navigable, and avort that certain fatality which the Mayor no confidently predicted recently; tho broaking of Mr Bergor's neck ^ in negotiating his bridro of empty boxes whou Piuo street bocomos a Slough of Despond. 'It'o only a ?question of tiino,' said tho Mayor — which must bo consoling to Mr Iiorgor aud his relatives — but betoro that time co'nes wo hopo Mr Lakoman will get Sir Henry Parkos to stick to his promise ami thus wo ?will be spared tho violent death of an estimable ?citizen and savo tho ratepayers, £2000 or £3000 in ?damages, which is more than thoy over will bo asked to contribute, through taxation to tho Imperial Institute. It will bo choering nown to tho South Kensington gang that they have boon respited for another fortnight. It nevor rains but it pours : ho says tho old provorb. 'No sooner was there a'Litorary and Dobating Sucioty 'formed on a new principle than a Mutual Improve ment Society followod, a meotiug boing hold on Mon day evening when' the socioty was successfully launched. All sections of tho community aro thus provided for, aud thoy havo thoie choico. No ono nood now say ho cannot bo a membor of a society to improve his mind aud onablo him to loarn how to speak iu public, one of tho most important of accom plishments in this doinocratic age, and in this democratic colony whoro ovory man is a sovoroign, bnt tho ono which is most nogloctcd of all. »\ o d-- not soo how tho sociotico can clash ; ou tho contrary thoy should spur oachothor ou tho road of progress | by a mutual and healthy rivalry. Mr Ituthorford, ? wo confess, suunded » noto that may yot havo some | Aflopt in Hiw. 31o advocated tho Mtabliahmont of a Working Man's Club, similar to that now succossfally in oporation in Juneo. Thcro is a groat deal to be said in favor of such an institution ; in fact wo bolioye it to|bo a crying want in this town. Whon the workman haadono his daily task aud takon his to.i, it is but natural ho should sook some relaxation, ilo has no way of doing that, except loonging on tho footpatli and holding up tho posts, too often a , nuisance to passors by, or going into tv public houso. Wo havo nothing to say against hotols, which are right enough in thoir owu placo and valuable mstit whnn tirnnnrl V ftrmductod. bllt tllO WOrkttMU should not bo driven into them night after night by the want of' a placo whore ho can pleasantly ami profitably spend tho ovoDiog;ho should bo ablo to chooso whon lie would cntor thein, whon ho roqutred uoinothing. If a good Workman's Club woro formed it would bo a common mooting ground for tho oxebaugo of news and idoas, and tho tnombors coulu havo all tho papers, iudulgo in their pipo, and play such games as they favor, of courso without gambling. Wo bolioro with Mr Rutherford that such an institution would bo a succoss in every way, evon financially, and we hopo tho seed which lias boon sown will yot boar fruit. It in no wondor the Crown tonants are in arras against Mr Garrett's action in increasing tho rents fixed by tho Land Boards, in eonio caaoa doubling^ thom. This action eavors of tyranny. Whou tho Govern ment havo sot at work oxponsivo and elaborate machinery to fix tho ronts of leasehold:?, ono would think a Minister sitting 111 his office iu Sydnoy would not attompt to alter thom, oxcopt ou appeal, when ho might, if just cause was shown, lower tho rates. Tho Hoards aro supposed to tako all tho ovidonco nou ossary for thom to decido upou tho amount of rout I that should bo charged, and if thoy do _ not givo satisfaction tho members ought to bo dismissed, and , more compotont mon putin thoir place. Wf*y spond so much mouoy ovor them whon tho Ministor con- , toinptuously casta thoir decisions aside ? But the groat objoctiou to Mr Garrett's action is that ho arrives at his decisions to raiao^ tho ronts totally against tho spirit of tho Act, which is that ovory thing in connection with such matters should tako placo in public. Tho Boards tako ovidonco and decide in public. Tho Minister does not hold an investigation in public ; ho calls no ovidonco of which tho public knows any thiug; ho does not summonso tho lossoes to attoud, and put thoir side of the caso boforo him: ho simply doe'dos off hand without reforonco to auyono, and strikes out tho Boards figuros and substitutes his own. Of courso ho has tho nominal power, but wo do not think jt was ovor intouded ho should uso it, because tho action is as wo havo said, against tho spirit of tho Act.^ It is to bo hoped tho country mombors will seo this mattor out and endeavour to havo Ale Garrett curbed. At all ovonta, having soon the consequences, thoy should soo tho amending act should rid us of anomalies aiid dangorous proceedings like those of Mr Garrett, ?who is fust bocomiug a law unto uimson. It is possible tho rout in somocasos has boon lixod too low, but if that is tho caso, why should not tho Minister hold an open court whoro ho could hoar both sides. Star Chamber business cannot give sat isfaction in this age. If wo can read things aright MrGarrott's action has not boon takon on public grounds, but because tho Ministry find they greatly ovorostimatedthe rovonuo from crown lands, just to swell Mr Burns' budgot, and to dish tho opposition Experienced mon think if Mr Burns can get in ono third of the squattors' rents ho will bo lucky, aud if that is tho ca»o where will bo his £910,000 surplus ? 7ji nt/hihujt. Rut wo do not rocard that or tho fato of tho Govornmont: what wo insist, upon U that boforo tho decisions of tho Boards aro altered tho quoetion shuJl b* arguod iu public and that ovoryono inter ested shall havo an opportunity to bo heard: Rulo of thumb and Star Chambor business will not do. Wo sho Mr M'Millan's motion on tho subjoct has boon defeated, but tho mattor will certainly not end thcro. Wr. hear that Mr and Mrs Mollison intond to Htart a dancing class for adults on Monday evoning next at thoir residonce in Bank stroot. Tho waut of a good dancing class, condnctod by competont people, acquainted with the vory latest dancos and modes, has long boon folt in Hoy, and no doubt this class will bo well patronised. All who dos»ro to joiu aro requested to soud in their natnos beforo Monday. Tho hours of instruction will be from 8 to 10 p.m. YVn havo roceivod the roport of tho thirty fifth ordinary genoral meeting of tho London Charto od Bank, which is vory oncouraging. Although tho reserve fund was wiped out a few years ago, so pros perous has tho bank beon that it has now a rosorve fund of £140,000. Tho balance of proAt and loss dealt with was £(-4,253 I2s f)d, out of which a dividend for tho half year at tho rato of 7 percent £35.000 was declarod and £20,000 transforod to tho Resorvo Pund. Tho note circulation of tho bank is £221,563, and it holds coin to tho valuo of £010,592 13s lid. The deposits alone amount to £4,031,025 58. IIay Pjieshttekias Church, —In tho absence of tho Row Mr Hamilton, at Gunbar, on Sunday, tho sorvices in this church will bo coaductcd by Mr J. E- Poarco. CiLtiucu of England. — Thoro will not bo divine sorvico nt Carrathool on Sunday noxt, tho 12th inst. A vkky successful concert was held at tho Acadomy of Music on Thursday night, for the benefit of tho Athonaem. Thoro was a good attondanco and tho singing was greatly enjoyed. Prossuro on our spaco prevents a foil roport. Wi: are glad to hear that, should sufiiciont oncourago mont offer, Mr Rood intouds to havo a consignment offish evory Thursday, for Fridays. Wo hopo that Mr Reed's entorpriso will bo* mot by tho public in a gonorons manner. The Hay Literary aud Debating Association meet on Monday night, when Mr Robertson will lecture on tho art of public speaking. We beliovo it is tho intention of tho Govornmont to call in tho present roll of magistrates with a viow to issue a now ono. Our frothy demagogues talk of tin oxponso of tho Quoon and Royal Family, costiug about £900,000 a yoar at tho vory utmost. The Gorman royal fami lies costs £3.000,000 ; in Turkey, £3,200,000 ; in Russia, £2,450,000. Rumor is always alia*. Recontly thoro appoarod paragraphs in tho papor that Will Carloton, tho author of tho famous ' Farm Ballads' had committed euicido while despondent after a drinking bout. Mr Carloton is alive and woll, and making plonty of , money, both in America and England, and has re contly marriod. Ho was born in 1845. Probably some drunkon ' crank' took his name. At the Oddfellows' mooting in Sydnoy tho report &tatod; nino now branchos had boon established ; 1061 persons admitted during tho last yoar; died, 50, re signed 18, oxpollcd (M, run out by arrears (-84, total 816, increase for yoar 817, total mombors 7888, valuo of iunds, £45,207 3s lid, being an increase of £3902 4s l^d, managomont £3331 17s 3d, 8s 4^d por finan cial mombor— in 1885, 8-* JJjd; paid in sick pay £5182 10s lid, fuuoral donations £1352, widows' and orphans' donations £22S 18s 9d. medical benefits £7231 Is 3d, districts and branchos management, . rent, &c;„ £3331 17s 3 ; distress gifts £115 6s Id. No wonder it was cold in Hay at the boginuiug of tho wook. On Monday snow fell in all tho mountain districts of Now South Wales and V!ctoria. At Bal larat tho bnow was 6 inchos thick, which was unusual. Tho trains from Molbourno had to plough through enow. Even suow foil at -Bonalla, tho first, for 36 years. In tho alpine region of Jlarriottville two feet of snow foil ; atKilmoro thoro was a foot. Snow foil at Axedalo and Big Hill near Sandhurst, which is unprocedontcd. Tho ranges, near Albury woro covorcd with snow and a foot fell at Kiandra. Tun Freetraders who claim Henry Georgo as on j their sido, though of courso thoy won't hoar of his land theories, simply mislead tno puuuc oy to'iing half truths. His real viows are rovealed on pago 86 of his work All tho objections which apply to indirect taxes in general apply to import duties. Thoao Protectionists aro right who doclaro that 4 Pro tection is tho only justification for a tariff,' and tho advocates for a tariff 4 for revonuo ouly'^ havo no caso. If wo do not nood 4 a tariff for Protection wo neod no tariff at all.1 ' At that rato Australian frootradors havn't tho ghost of a show to quotoGoorgo as a sup portor, for thoy stand wholly upon rovonuo duties. | Br proclamation in tho Gazette of tho 7th tho 20th has beon appointed a holiday. Ma Mohrissett tho Polieo Magistrate at Dmi iliquin is doad. Tho doceasod gontloman was 48 years of ago. ALanu Nationalization Association of Now South Walos 1i»*k beon formed at Forboa. It's platform is : — lot. Tho prevention of any furthor alienation of tho public estate. 2nd. Tho abolition of all existing motliods of raiding rovonno, and tho substitution of a tax upon land valuos. It's tost is : — ?* Tho land shall not bo sold for ovor: for tho] land is mine ; tar yo nro but fltrangors ana sojourners with mo. —Lev. xxv. 23.' Tho principles aro founded on Hugh George's, laid down in Progroso and Poverty : Tho right to uso tho land of any country bolongt to tho peoplo of that country. Tho land was created by God for tho uso of all mon, and as it was created for tho uso of all, it should con tribute to tho bonofit of all without any respcct to porsons. R. C. M'Ktnnevand Co. hold an auction to-day.— ! Soo advt. Wo havo to hold ovor our roport of tho Council meotiug last night. Nothing vory important was J done, fflio anomalous stato of tho Public Library, j which could enly bo roachod by passing through tho , Athonaonm reading room, which no ono except mom bors aro allowed to outor, waB referred to, aud Mr Chambers, tho Soiretary spoko too on tho subjoct. - That gcutlumon promised to make onqumes. Thoro seemed to boa fooling that tho PablicLibrary should bo at tho Oouucil'a Chambers under tho supervision of tho Council's officers. Later on Mr Jacka cornnlained of tho Pross misreportinc tho Council und aoino fun was evoled outoftho discussion. Mr Jacka said if moro correct roports woro not forwarded ho would inoro tho exclusion of tho Press, so tho 'Konoingtou Gang' aro not alono in wanting oxo cutors at tho hands of tho Council ; tho Pross is now in tho samo condemnation. Finance: — Tho following accounts woro passed : Fashor £4 ICsj Mouahan £1 8p, Faahor £1 5o, Dosmond, £3 Is IM, Dick Chitts, dray work, £4 4s , Bacon 12a, Stanger and Buddon ,1*9 fls 7d, G. II. Har rison £11 89, T. Robertson £3 3a, Chitts 19a 9d, l'o' riorand Co £(- I Is, Wright, Heaton and Co £S9 12s 5d Robert, Chalmers and Co £200, Commercial Union Firo Insurance £1, Cronk and Honry £32, Hathaway £33, Mackonzio £8 8s» Sponco £3, Monahan £1 8s, miscollaeous. Wr. havo long urged tho nccossity of establishing a Bonovolont Socioty. A mooting is to bo hold on Monday noxt at tho Court Houoo with this objoct, and wo hopo thoro will bo a largo attondanco. Cnuucii or En-;lani-, Hay. — Divino sorvico on Sun day noxt at Carrathool, at 12 noon, and in St. Paul's, Hay, morning and ovening. Tm: attontion of tho Attorney Genoral should bo called to tho fact that tho Claro Bench, composed of 1 Mossrs E. L.Rowling, P.M., aud John Lindeay J.P., 011 tho 27th May, committed thrco prisoners for trial at tho Balranald Quarter Sossion^, to be held on the \hth November*. This court will not bo held for six months, yot Quarter Sessions are to bo held 011 tho (Hh July at Doniliquin, and 22nd July at Hay, but thoso mon's casoa aro to bo held over until tho BalranaU Court sita. Fortunately for tho men thoy woro ublfl to got bail, but if thoy had not thoy would havo iiad to bo a burden to tho country and loso work for six mouths. Tho Chiof Justice whon presiding at tho last Assize Court at Hay sovoroly castigated somo northern bouchos for not having committed mon to tho court that sat noxt, instoad of to that to bo hold in thoir town. Tan Opora Comiquo in Paris, which was burnt down last week, was ono of tho oldest theatres in that city. -Lo Sago, the author of Gil Bias, wns ono of its earliest losses, and as tho actors woro not allowed to sing or speak, to provont thoir intorforiug with tho royal thoatres, tho action had to be pan tomimic. When words woro required tho actors un rollod a scroll ou which thoy appeared in largo characters ; whou a song was wanted tho uamo was similarly shown aud tho audbmco sang it. In tho last century tho thoatro was known a* Salle du Thcatro Foydoau. . In this theatro have beon pro duced for tho first tiino tho most eolobrated works of Moyorbuor, Horold, Halovy, ziuber, Gounod, Flotow, Folicion, David, Adolpho Adam, Ambroiso Thomas, Victor Masso and Loo Dolibos. Among tho famous 1 opoias first produced horo woro Fra Diavolo, Zampa, L'Etoilo du Nord, Psycho,' Haydee, Lo Pardon do I Ploonnol (Dinorah), Lo Doinino Noir, Lo Pro aux : Clorcs, Lc Chalet (which reached 1300 represen tations) aud others. Tin: Queen's Jubileo meotiug at Wagga, in which ladies and gontloraon took part, couldu't get along woll, owing to tho ladies talking too much — in a chatty way. 