LIKE AND UNLIKE. BY 1L E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "Wyl- lard's Weird," Ac., fcc. The Right of Translation is Reserved. CHAPTER XXIII.— Ox the Terrace. " Masks nnd Faces" was listened to with politeness and appropriate applause by people who remembered Fanny Stirling in the heyday of her charms as Reg Wofling- ton ; by people who could hardly disassociate the character from Mrs. Bancroft, and by other people who had seen Mrs. Bernard Beere. As for Mrs. Baddoley, her diamonds und her gowns were lovely, iler acting was easy and refined, and utterly undrair.atic ; but she was above the level of her fellow- perforincrs, ami was supposed by thorn and by herself to be taking the town by storm. Applause is givon so freely to amateur, since approval means nothing and compromise nobody. Reoplc who have been coaxed into buying guinea stalls for an old familiar play must ut least pretend to enjoy themselves, and the audience was fashionable, and could console itself with the idea that it was the right thing to be there. Lady Bel field and Iter daughter-in-law parted in the vestibule. Heleu was going or. to a party in Regent-terrace with her sister. She had to go to Mr. Baddeley s dressing-room and wait there while that lady changed her dress, which would be ratiicr a long business no doubt. St. Austell offered to take Iter to her sister's room, but Adrian gave her his arm, as if by a superior right. " Lf you'll take care of my mother I'll be hack in a few minutes,' lie said to i:t. Austell, as he walked olf with Helen. It was the first time she had touched his arm since they were affianced lover, and her fingers trembled faintly as they icsted on his sleeve. She had so many cause for agitation that night. St. Austell's pursuit, unobtrusive, but fatal ; Iter fear of her husband's return, which might cccur at any moment ; and now her dread of this grave, earnest brother-in-law, whom she had wronged in the past, and whom she shrank from in the present a from one who had an occult power to read her heart. " You are looking pale and tired, Helen," said Adrian, a they went along a passage leading to the back of Die Hail. " Must you really go to a party to-night " I am due at two. There is Lady Glan- dore's musical evening, which I would not mis for worlds, and a dance afterwards — a late dance — which means eoliee and car riages at six o'clock to-morrow morning." 1 believe you are killing yourself with this kind of life." Oh, but it is only a spurt ; it lasts so short a time. A rose's brief bright life of joy,' as somebody has said." "And you go from party to party— from crowd to crowd — alone.'" " What do you moan by alone ? I am under uiy elder sister's wing, always." 1 don't think that wing is quite enough to shelter you, Helen. 1 don't like to think of you about iu society without your hus band." " i should see very little of society if I waited for Valentine to take me about. Do you know that 1 should have gone out of my mind a few months ago — gone melancholy mad — if Leo had not come to my rescue 7 " That is very sad, litlen. I must talk to my brother '' " Don't 1 It would only make bad blood between U3. It is all over with us as a devoted couple ; it was all over directly after onr honeymoon. 1 was so fond of him. and 1 thought we were going to be so happy together — not commonplace married people, leading commonplace semi-uttachcd live, but wedded lovers. I very soon found out my mistak/L ' " But you have only been married two year. You cannot be tired of each other yet. Valentine is too much accustomed to have his own way and to seek his own amusement; but I have no doubt he loves you as fondly as ever." " You have not seen us together, or you would know better." "I cannot believe that there is any change in his feelings," persisted Adrian : " but I think the kind of life you are leading is calculated to estrange him. The know ledge that you arc going about in society without him will make him more and more careless of his home, more intent upon his own pleasures." They were at Mrs. Baddeley's door by this time. "Good night," said Helen, offering Adrian her hand. He pre3ed it gently, with a brother's i kindly grasp. u \Vc may meet again, perhaps, before morning. I saw Glandore at the Junior Carlton, and he asked me to look in at her ladyship's party, and hear Ratti." u A u rcvoir, then," said Helen, with an undetinable feeling that Adrian's presence wouid spoil her evening. He had told her that lie did not approve of her butterfly life ; anrl she could not shake off the idea that he could read her thoughts and knew the downward road on which she was travelling. It took Mr. Baddeley a considerable time to transform herself from Reg Woillngton to & lady of the period. The concert was over iu Regent-terrace when the sisters ar rived. Ratti had sung and departed, and a stream of smart people were flowing out of the lofty hall on their way to dances ; but the pleasantcst feature of Lady Glandorc's parties wa the lamplit terrace, where her ladyship's guest sauntered up aud down, or sat about in friendly group among groves of palms and pyramids of flowers, and listened to a band stationed at the end of the terrace. Whatever baud was best and mo3t fashionable was to be heard at Lady Glandorc's; and the change from the bril liant rooms aud operatic music, the crowd and the dazzle of the house, to this cool region of palms and flowers and lampion clustering among the greenery, und Japa nese umbrella canopies, and little tables provided with strawberries and cream, and talk and flirtation, and iced drinks, and stirring national melodies, was a change that delighted everybody. And there, across the shadowy park, in sombre solemn gran deur, showed the dense bulk of Abbey and .Senate House ; the place where the dead, who seem so great, are lying ; and the place where the living, who seem so small, are trying to talk themselves into fame and im mortality. There were many people in London who preferred Lady Gluudore's terrace to the smartest dance of the season, and who lingered and loitered there between lamp light ana shadow, strolling up and down, or leaning on the balustrade, dreamily con templative of tl!?T6 dark bulk of towers and roofs, touched here aud there with points of vividlight. Mrs. Baddeley was neither dreamy nor contemplative, and the only ideas the Abbey or the Senate House awakened in her xniud were that death in any form, even when glorified in marble, was au inevitable nui sance, and that politics were perhaps a still greater bore. She was of the earth, earthy, aud always made the most of the present moment. She speedily took possession of one of tiie strawberry-and-cream tables, and had a cluster of admirers about her, whom she sent on errands to the supper-room. " i am going to frighten you all by eating a most prodigious supper," she cried. Re member, I have been acting comedy and tragedy, laughing and crying, and loving and suffering for three hours, and have had nothing but one poor little split and a tea- spoonful of brandy. 1 am on the verge of exhaustion, so now feed me, good people. What, is that you, BeechingR she cried as a daik figure and an expanse of shirt front rose up in the shadow of a neighboring palm like the ghost in the " Corsican Brothers." " 1 did not think 1 should sco you here to- night. How did you like my Peg 7" She was lifting a chnmpague tumbler to her rosy lips as she spoke, and Becching thought she was alluding to some particular oi-der of drink. 'How did yon like the play — and — my gowns ? " she said, impatiently. ' 1 suppbse it was all very fine, but I aint much of a judge of anything but a bur lesque." ' Oh. but I liope 1 made you cry," said Mrs. Baddeley, attacking a plateful of deli cacies, which a practical admirer lind col lected for lier ; foiegras, chickeu, lobster salad, all on the same plate. " It saves so much time," he said; "and you don't seem to be eating so much," to which Leo laughingly agreed. "'When i have finished my supper i mean to wallow in strawberries and cream for the rest of tho evening," she said, with frank vulgarity; "and you will have to amuse me. i am much too exhausted to do any talking myself." (Then Tm afraid you must be at death's door," retorted Beecbing. (to BE continued;. 