NEWS OF THE DAY. The Neglected Children's Law Amendment Bill was fairly lanuchcd in the Legislative Assembly yesterday by Mr. Beakiu, who re viewed, in an interesting speech of some length, the reformatory system of the colony, and pointed oat the necessity which existed for comprehensive legislation on the subject. For convenience Mr. lleakin dealt with the Juvenile Offenders Law Amendment Bill in the coarse of his speech on the companion measure. Crime was the natural result of children being allowed to run wild, without maternal example, protection and control, and the present system of punishment had a tendency to educate neglected children in crime. Up to aboiit the beginning of the pre sent century juvenile offenders were treated in exactly the same way as old criminals, and they crowded the gaols aud invariably became hardened criminals. The first great step towards reform was taken by.tko establishment of schools, and excbllent results were shown to have been obtained. The reformatory bflrrark cv.tpm in Vialnyla w-n- succeeded by the boarding out system, and tbe Government now proposed to extend the prin ciple as far as neglected children were con cerned, whilst in the case of juvenile offenders it was proposed instead of sending offenders up to the ago of 21 years cither to gaol or the reformatories, to allow thera to return to their homes, where they would bo under the super vision of the State. If subsequently the offender was again committed, ho would have to sorrc the original sentence which had been held over and in addition be punished for the second offence. If tho experiment proved a success it could bo applied to older offenders. Power was taken to establish reformatories on board ships, and tbo punishment of solitary confinement was inflicted for tbo more violenl descriptions of lurrikiuism. ' The general principles of both measures were referred to in general terms 'ot approval by Mr. IV. Collard Smith, Mr. M'Coll, Air. Carter, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Zox, Mr. Tuthill uud Mr. Officer, and the second reading of both bills was carried and the measures committed pro forma. Tbe second reading of the Education Law- Further Amendment Bill was moTed iu llie Legislative Assembly at 10 o'clock last evening by Mr. Pearson, who explained the details of the meusure within the compressed limits of half an honr. It was the rucasare of last session toned down and curtailed, and did not require much explanation, members having already made themselves familiar with its general principles. The debute was adjourned on tbe motion of Air. Putterson, who intends on its resumption to endeavor to show that the bill will vitally affect the funda mental principles of the Education Act. Tho House adjourned at 25 minutes to 11 o'clock until the usudl hour this attcruoon. Tbe Treasurer stated iu the Legislative As sembly yesterday that the Government would gladly submit a proposal to Pariiameut for the construction of a railway io tho Cape Patterson coalfields immediately it was shown that pay able coal existed iu the lotifiity in sufficienUj ' large quantities to justify such an expenditure of public mouey. The matter was brought forward by -Mr. Litugridge, who inquired whether the Government tva» piepjti-d to ac cept a proposal Ih.tt had been tirade by tin; Cape l'atlersou coal svudicule through tlie culiitnus of ouo of tho daily papers to supply 500,000 tons of coul at the pits mouth at 12s. 6d. per ton. Mr. Gillies explained that at the beginning of lust year Mr. ItcginnUl Murray, utter It careful inspection of the coal districts, recommended that au amount of mouey should be annually speut for a certaiu number of years in making an effort to deter mine the real vnluo of .the coal deposits there, and the suggestion is now being carried into effect. The diamond drill had heeu used, and in several cases had successfully proved the existence of cuttl seams, which were small, but workable if sufficient menus of carriage were provided. The Government could not enter into any contract foi luking tho coal, because, although 500,000 tons wero offered, it was only proposed to deliver it ut the rate of 100 tons per day nt the mouth of the pit. II ' really believed there was evorv prospect of discovering valuable payable seams of coal throughout Gtppsiauduud the Cape Patterson and Kilcunda districts. When the fields were proved it would be the duty of the Government to provide such means of transport as would allow- of the coal being cheaply conveyed to,morket|; but uutil then he was not prepared to advise the con struction of a railway to. tho fields. Such a railway would cost the country from £45,030 to £50,000, ami that expenditure could not be in-.urred until the extent and value of the coal . deposits were approximately ascertained. Tho financial condition of the Cohnnn and Avccti water trusts was referred to iu the Legislative Assembly yesterday during the con sideration of tho preliminary business. The Commissioner of Water Supply stated, iu reply to a question submitted by Dr. Quick, that up to the present time the Government had advanced £'887. 5s. 2d. to the Cohuna water trust to eaublc it to carry out a temporary scheme for conserving the waters of the Gutt- bower and Deep Creeks, hut owiug to couflicting locul opinions it was not yet possible to say whether the opcratious of the trust had been satisfactory. A permanent scheme lmd not yet beou decided upon. The secretary of the trust received a salary of £1QU per annum, but the Government had not yet received any interest npou tho advances made. Tho Avoce" water trust had received £13,370 lis. 3d. by way of loan, £4501 18s. as a grunt uud £7015 15s. Id. for repairs to w eirs. Tito mouey had been expended on works, super vision aud engineering contingencies, including £13,800 ou the Avocu River, £7000 on the Charlton water supply scheme aud £7000 fur repairs to weirs. Tito Hoods had destroyed weirs and works valued at £8000, in couscquence of which the trust was precluded from levying a ra'e, aud, as a natural consequence, the £1055 which was due to tho Government for interest had not beon paid. The weirs had since been repaired, a rate struck, aud the trust hoped shortly to be in a position to meet all its liabilities. The Namurkah " vigilance " committee was responsible for a little scene ia the Legislative Assembly yesterday that at otic time threatened to develop serious consequences, During the debate ou the address iu reply to tho Governor's speech the leader of the Opposition stated that ' . tbo Chaffer agreement was uot made iu the in terests of the country, aud offered, iu reply to uu interjection from Mr. llail, to go on to tiie platform iu Moira, or auy other elec tortile, uud prove to the satisfaction of u public meeting 'hut, instead of being a benefit, it was a lu;s to ;be couutrv aud a disgrace to the Ministry. Wbou the statement appeared in the papers a "vigilance committee" was forttud at Ntt- murkuh to consider the mutter, uud after much deliberation Mr. Bent's challenge was accepted uud an invitation forwarded to him, asking hint to meet Messrs. Hall and Graham in the dis trict and discuss the Chuffey agreement in the presence of a public meeting. In the Assem bly yesterday, Mr. Hall gave notice of his intention to ask the member for Brightou whether he had received such an invitation, and, if so, whether he proposed to accept it and fix .a day for the dobate. Mr. Bent wauted to reply at once, but the Speaker inter vened, and refused to allow such a question to he either asked or answered unless the member for Moira produced the letter referred to. Mr. Hall endeavored to explain that he hud no letter, and only i cully inquired whether tho member for Brighton had received one ; but Mr. Speaker was immovable, and declared that such a proceeding would lie grossly disorderly. Ho gave an illustration to show how it might be so. In tho olden times, when St. Patrick's Hull was tho habitat of Par liament, a member was permitted to rend a letter which ho said ho had received from one of his constituents. Tho letter abused the then Chief Secretary in a scandalous fashion, and it was aftcrwardsdiscovcred that the reader was also the writer of the letter. The expe rience which tho Speaker then obtained im pressed htm with tho necessity of having all documents laid on the table of the House, nnd on no account would he alluw either Mr. Hull or Mr, Bent to proceed any. further iu the matter. A noisy triangular duel was indulged in between the representatives of Moira aud Brighton and Mr. Gauttsou, the last named amusing himseli with a tunning tiro of personal interjections at the expense of Mr. IIull, who rejoined that he would be heard, ndtwithstaudiug the noise mid larrikinism of the member for South Mo.- bourno. Mr. Hall calculated without his lies!. The Speaker was master of the situation, and insisted upon his ruling bciug upheld, and it ' was. The squahblo ended without a match having been arranged between Moira and .Brighton. The preliminary busiuess transacted iu the Legislative Assembly yesterday comprised n number of matters of public interest. It was intimated by tho Commissioner o? Public Works that, ilto cost of fitting up the electric l.glit was £6045 15s. Gd. nt the Parliament Houses, and £5387 2s. 2d. at the Genera! Post Oiiice. There was no iuteulion at present to extend lite light to tho other public build ings. The threatened iujury to tho Botanical Gardens, since the removal of the Falls, by the t use of salt water from the River l'arra, lias occupied the ultection of the Minister of Lands, who is now engaged considering an economic scheme for providing tho necessary supply of fic-sh water. Tho Minister of Justice considers that the metropolitan courts of petty sessions arc fully capable of copiug with the large increase of business that lias taken placo both iu the Criminal and Civil" lists, and that there is no urgent necessity for the establishment of a police court in West Melbourne. At the same time, however, he proposes to make provision for the adjudication .of all minor cburges at the locnl lock-up. The Chief Secretary slated that the Government had not ntado an estimate of tho cost of altera tions and additions required to be made to licensed premises under the 36lli section of the Licensing Act 1885 dnriug the iust 12 irionths ; and Mr. Wrixon auuounced that it was not intended lo extend the Municipal Overdrafts Indemnity Act 1886, as an under standing had heeu given to Parliament when the measure was passed that the principle would only be continued for a period ot twelvemonths. Mr. Dow cxplaiucdthatthe difficulty which had nriseu with the Mining department in connec- "U" »<» k UW awaJMW Wi tCstdCii 4 IA kUC iillatlUU districts had beeu removed, and the issue of leases, particularly in the Kcrang district, would now proceed as rapidly as possible. -Mr. Gillies stated, iu answer to a question, that the forty irou hopper railway trucks recently built by the Tyne Foundry wero designed in flic locomotive superintendent's office. There were no defects in them, but one or two trifling alterations were made, at a cost of about 3Qs. per truck, iu the railway work shops alter they had been handed over by the contractors. Mr.. Jones was not satisfied with the explanation, uud moved the adjourn ment of the House for the purpose of making further reference to the matter. He asserted that<the trucks were defective, that they wero badly designed by Mr. Alison Smith, tbc acting locomotive superintendent, and that the altera tions bad cost considerably more than the amount slated. Mr. Gaunson seconded the motion to adjourn, which was negatived without any further discussion. The unem ployed question was again referred to by Mr. L. L. Smith aud Mr Langridge ; and Mr. Deukiu replied that everything possible was bcijig done by tbo Government to find imme diate work. A lurgc number of men could be at once provided with stone breaking on the railways, steps were being taken in the Public Works depurtmcut to let every possible contract without delay, nnd the municipalities were being communicated with for the purpose of ascer taining whether seme of the unemployed funnel ho provided for in the country districts. Mr. Laugridge stated that the principal nutferers were artisans und tradesmen, aud on their behalf be repudiated all connection witb tie agitators who were endeavoring to get up'a bue aud cry outside. The sitting of the Legislative Council yes terday was uot concluded until within a few miuuies of 10 o'clock, the time being occnpied with the consideration of the G&ols; Law Amendment Bill. The measure was read s second time,, and molt of its classes passed through committee. A lew were postponed < for further consideration, hot as they do not present uity very gteat difficulty the hill may In; virtually regarded as adopted hv the Cham ber. Dr. Ileum's inuiiim for u joint committee of both Houses to consider the best menus of ohtaining a codification of the laws of Victoria was unanimously ugreed to, and a jucssago scut to the Legislative As-oinbiy acquainting that House of the circumstance. The llotfte, at its risiug, adjourned until Tuesday next. The provisions of the Gaols Law Amend ment Bill were fully explained in the Legislativo Council yestoidiiv by Mr. Cutlibert when moving the second reading of the measure. The Government luivo been induced to frame tho measure chiefly iu consequence of state ments recently made in the course of a lecture by Mr. Justice Wiiliauts, to the effect that some of'tho rules and regulations passed ia rcfcrouco to tho maintenance of discipline in gaol were ultra vires. Upon this point various legal opinions have been obtained by the Government ; but Mr. Cuthhert contented himself with reference to one authority only— that of Dr. M.-tddeu, who considers the validity of the regulations beyond questiou. The other opiuious.he deemed it injudicious to read. Ia order to set all doubt at rest, howovcr, the lull has been introduced, and advantage is taken of effecting a few other important amendments in tbc law at the same time. To avoid expense in curred in travelling, prisoners whose sentences do not exceed 30 days may bo confined iu gaol lock-ups, provided the accommodation there is considered sufficient by the Inspector-General. Another, and perhaps the only remaining important alteration of the pre sent law, is that empowering the governor of a gaol to discharge prisoners at any time within seven days before the termination of their sen tence. This is principally to uffect the coses of women, who nre frequently met at the gaol gates on their dischargo by criminals who know the period when ihcji urate boreleased, andby whom they nre frequently iuduced to go back to their old manner of living. During the debate that followed ou tho second reading various opinions were tended on the subject of prison labor, one or two mombcrs expressing tho belief that prisoners might bo very profitably employed, on the drainage of swamps and similar works. According to Dr. Ileum the measure, so far as tho validity of the rules und regulations is concerned, is not necessary, the judge who hud given pub licity to the doubt having, in his opiuion, beeu guilty of a very grave indiscretion. Tho opinion of Dr. Muddea tls to whether or uot the rules and regulations in operation at tho gaols, uuder which it is laid down that pri soners may be kept in "solitary "or "sepa rate" confinement are ultra vires, was folly stated iu the Legislativo Council yesterday by- Mr. Cutbbert. According to the authority named they are not ultra vires. Gaolers, o course, must not barbarously misuse their pri soners. hut Dr. Madden cannot discover any right whatever which a prisoner has to the society of other prisoners. If there were any such right it would always were any such right it would always be a breach of it to keep either the last prisoner in gaol or the first who comes to it in custody at all ; or supposing, as the learned gentleman puts it. that several prisoners were iu gaol, aud all but one fell sick, it would ho n breach of the lust mentioned prisoner's rights to keep him out of the hospital in which tin others were. The contention must go tint length, because the society of lei low prisoner:- ts either a right, or it bus no fouuduliou as u claim at all. A prisoner bus no rights as it whether he shuit be imprisoned separately or in company, or whether he slraii be fed precisely us other prisoner.- ure fed. As to solitary confinement, that is a process of starvation, uud n tutu deprivation of all society. Dr. Madden is inclined to doubt that any- prisoner has at common law auy right to greater sustenance than bread ami water, aud lie thinks, there fore, that what will keep body uud soul toge ther merely would Sslisly the uct. What ts given over uud above that is a mere indulgence given at discretion by the Governor in Couu- cil. The Miniolor cf Water Supply submitted lo the Legislative Assembly yesterday copies ot petitions, reports, plans and oilier papers con nec ed with the application for the constitution of tho Swan Hill Shire Irrigation Trust. The trust propose to expend £3300 upon a pumping plant for pumpiug wntci bum tlia Mu: rav, £8250 ou a main chituncl 3| miles iu length, and on superintendence £1815 ; making n total of £19,965. It is estimated by Mr. Fernandez, O. K, that the !ir»t year's revenue will l.o £1375, and that £3750 will bu received from tho works iu the third aud succeeding years. L'ite area to bo irrigated iu the first year uftei tho works hare heeu completed is set down at 7500 acres, but it iscunsidered that I he works will be capable of serving double the area, or 15,000 acres, after a tew distributiu.. channels have been constructed. Tbo engtueei iu chief of the Water Supply department, Mr. Stuart Murray, in reporting upon t lie scheme, expresses a four that Mr. Fernandez has been over sauguiuc iu regard to some of his conclu sions. Mr. Feruaudez, lie remarks, is a com parative stranger iu the colour, and his conclu sions ou the financial branch of the scheme have heeu based ou assumptions that aro nut likely to be realised, at all events for some years. He lias overlooked, Mr. Murray remarks, the general ignorance of our rural population concerning the produce of irriga tion, and his estimate of the annual outlay for maintenance uud wot king expenses (£2198,) is considered low. Mr. Murray states, however, that Mr. Fernandez's stutemeut may never! he- le.-s for the present he taken as a fair approxi- timfiou of the probable capital cost of tho woiks. A petition was presented to the Legislative Assembly yesterduy from the Victorian nnd T'ttstuauian Wesleyan Methodist Conference, setting forth that the church was anxious to bring in a bill to adopt and assimilate the trusts of Wesleyf.n church properties. Tho peti tioners desire to provide for the enrolment in the office of tho Itegistrar-Geuern! of a new model deed continuing trusts aud provisious adapted to the present constitution flf the church, aud for making Wesleyuu church lauds subject lo such trusts und provisions, uud discharged from nil others, hut without prejudice to auv existing mortgage charges. A draft copy of the bill accompanied the petition. According to aroturu prepared ou the motion of Mr. Woods, aud submitted to the Legislative Assembly yesterday, £275 18s. 7d. has been expended by tho Defence department in the purchase of serge since the present militia force cutno into existence. No ciotli had been imported into the colony by the department, untl the sergo was procured in order that it might he uniform in color nud texture, and the duck, drill und jfcitu so -that the naval force might have the same material as that supplied to the royal navy. The Premier yesterday despatched a cablo message to the Agent-General, tusirucliug him to urge tho Imperial Government to courtnuui- cale with the Government of ludia upon the subject of its representation at the Ceatonnial Exhibition to be held in Melbouruo durin" 1888\. The Indian Government have already refused to appoint a commission, but intimate their willingness to assist unofficially in secur ing the representation of that country at the Melbourne Exhibition. It is possible, however, that this determination may be altered if ropre- fuuiuuuus Oio iiiuuc uu tue subject by liio Imperial Government. The Queensland Parliament was opened yesterday by tho Governor, Sir A. Musgrave, In the Governor's speech reference was made to the success of the late C loniul Conference in London, which had created a "tnoro'real appreciation of the essential unity of tho Empire." The preliminary agreement with reference to the naval defence of tho colonics was also mentioned with approval. Amongst the new measures proposed are a bill to deal with the administration of public business, having special refercuce to tho grievances of the separationist party, and bills for the estab lishment of a University, for the protection of workmen and their wages, fur the protection of women and children, and a bill to shorten the duration of Parliaments. Representatives of the Melbourne Harbor Trust had aa interview yesterday with tho Railway Commissioners in regatd to the new Australian Wharf, near the Melbourne Gas Company's works. The Trust find that the mercantile business of the river has increased to snch an extent that the wholo ac commodation afforded by the wharfj is required for general commercial purposes. A portion of the wharf was some time siucc placed at the disposal of the Railway Commis sioners to enable them to have coal unloaded there, and conveyed along a branch line direct to the Spender-street station coal gears, 'l'ite Trust now ask that the commissioners should agree lo have the coal lauded ut a wharf to he constructed further ' down the river, After some discussion it was decided that the Engineer in Chief ' and the Trust's engineer should meet and consider two alternative schemes — > one being that the suggested new ivhort should ' he constructed, and the other that inquiry i should he made as to whether it wonld not lie ' possible to get the cool landed nearer to the l coal gears in course of erection in connection i with the new engine sheds on the West Mel- l boume Swamp. When the necessary informa- tion is furnished as to the relative advantage of the two proposals a further conference will he held between the Harbor Trust nud railway authorities, meuutiuie, in order to meet the public need for itdditionul wharf accommoda tion, an effort will he made to obtain a portion of the South Australiau coal whorl for the load- fug and unloading of general merchandise. With a view of making arrangements to secure this concession the Railway- Commissioners and the members of the Trust will meet on tho latter wharf on Monday next. Complaints haviug born made of delay in tho delivery of letters iu Toorak tho matter was in quired into by tho inspector of letter carriors' rounds, who has furnished a report on tho sub ject to tho Postmaster-General. Tho inspector states that the delivery of letters cannot bo ex pedited under the present arrangements. Ia his opinion tho only remedy rests with tho residents themselves, who, he suggests, should provide boxes at their gates or doors into which letters may bo dropped by the letter carrier, without having to wait at every door until his knock is answered — often very tardily an swered. By the adoption of such a plan the rounds might be completed in a very, much shortor time than at present. Mr. Derham concurs iu the suggestion, nnd has expressed a hope that the residents in the suburbs generally will adopt it. The live stock traffic on the Victorian rail ways lasftvcek was unprccedcntcdiy heavy. Tho total numbor of sheep carried over all the lines was 45.000, whilst the number of cattle tracked was 2600. Tbo traffic has been so largo that instead of the sales at Newmarket occupying only a few hoars each morning, as they usually do, they last week required the major portion of each day to complete. The applications to the live stock department for trucks have also been so numerous that the whole of the tracks have been engaged for several days in advance. Mr. Dow yesterday received a deputation from tho trustees of the new cemetery for tho metropolis to be established at Frankston, who asked for a grant of money to defray the cost of fencing in tho area reserved. The trustees stated that they had no funds and no sources ot income, nud unless the Govern inent provided means they would be quite powerless to cotmnencq improvements. It transpired that the trustees of tho Melbourne Geucrul Cemetery had a surplus of about £20,000 in hand, and tho Miuister inquired whether a portion of this mouey could not be made available for carrying out improvements at the new cemetery nt Frankston. The depu tation replied that they were uot ia auy way oouuected with the trustees of tho Melbourne General Cemetery, and were therefore not in a position to supply auy information. Mr. Dow stated that lie recognised the necessity for something being done to provide the trustees of lite Frankston cemetery with funds, and promised to give the matter very careful con sideration. The Railway Commissioners yesterday- received a communication from the secretary if the Engine Drivets aud Firemen's Associa tion requesting to be informed when they would be able to roe.eive a deputation from the associu- tio.-t in regard to the dispute between the men rod the Locomo ive branch. A reply was for warded intimating that the deputation would be received at half-past 2 o'clock to-morrow. It wasdecidcd yesterday nr a meeting of the ouncit ot tbo Agricultural Education, on thu uoliou of "Mr. Walter Madden, M.L. A., that the next experimental farm to be established ball lie nt Lmtgereaotig. ia the liorsbum dis- ric, where the .council Have a reserve of about 2409 acres. There was no earnest objection ..ffercd to lite propositi, inus nitcli as it seemed to be generally understood between the mem bers of the couneil that Longerciirnig should lie the next site selected. Mr. T. 1C. Dow, how- ever, ventured a mild opposition ou the ground that the qttesliuti of a central college should bo settled before any ad ditional school farms were established ; but. lie did not push the matter beyond securing tire appoiulmcnt cf a committee to report to the council on that particular sub ject. A report, was received irotn the farm tnausger nt Dookie as to 1 he receipts uud expenditure of that institution lor the past 12 months. Thu expenditure was shown to he £1306 in excess of the receipts, but it was remarked that £713 ot the expendi ture was iucurred in permanent improvements, which might, therefore, he regarded as au asset. The farm and general equipments were valued, nt the lowest cstiin.Ho, at £18,754, jittil the manager further stated that next, year, f the right sort of stock conld bo obtniued, tho farm would yield a profit ot £2000 over and above the workiug expenses. The report was imply received. Mr. Dow litis received :i consignment oi various kinds of agricultural machinery from America. It is the desire of tbc Minister to have implements combining till tbo latest im provements brought to tile colony from the Uuited States, for the information of Victoriun farmers aud implement makers. Amongst the machinery sent is a new kind of harvester: n machine for drilling seed both by baud nud horse power ; a number of hoes' of various sizes, and suitable cither for vino or gr.tiu culture ; a new elkss of ltaruess for farm work ;aud oilier articles, all of which are lo be handed over tu the manager of the Dookie Farm for trial and report. The report, together with tho iinpicmeats, are to be sent, to tho principal agricultural shows of the colony for exhibition. The Minister of Education yesterday deter mined to close the half-time school at Beveridgc. tn consequence of the fulling off iu (he attend ance. Beveridge is 26 utiles from Kiliuure, mid the local school lias heeu worked in conjunction with another half-time rchuol at Upper Plenty. It is now proposed to close the Beveridge school, aud transtcr the pupils to the Upper Plenty school. The Minister of Public' Works yestcrdav re ceived a deputation from tin.- Richmoud'city conncil, who asked for a graut of £5000 towards (he cost of constructing r. tunin drain through the northern portion of Richmond to the Vatra. The drain iu uso is found to be in adequate to the growing requirements of tho rapidly increasing population, and it is proposed to eoustruct a uow drain of greater capacity, ut a cost of about £26,000. Mr. Niumio said he would first like to consider tho application beioro giving an answer lo tho application made by the deputation, Application has been made to the Railway Commissioners by Messrs. Sbeppie and Hca- .wooti for permission to occupy a piece of ground ut Wiiliamstown, on which thev desire to erect dumping sheds. Tito firm states that the oc- cujiaats cf the dumping sheds at Williamutown — the Stevedore Company — will not receive anu dump their wool prior to its shipment to London. The Commissioners still have the application under consideration. The Secretary of Customs, Mr. A. W. Musgrove, has had au interview with the Railway Commissioners in regard to Ihe inade quate accommodation provided iu the Customs examination slied at the Spencer-street station. The Commissioners have promised to enlarge the shed in order to facilitate the examination of passengers' luggage and parcels, whicli have uow to bo passed through No. 4 shed, to tho great inconvenience of the public. Mr. Mus grove also brought under the notice of the Commissioners the want ot accommodation at the Serviceton station for the officers of ihe Customs tieparimeut employed to examine passengers' luggage and parcels. Tho Com missioners agreed to have buildings erected, which would be placed at the disposal of the Customs department on payment of a small aunual rental. The Illustrated Australian Mews, published this week, contains many illustrations of more than passing interest, besides a very attractive supplement comprising views at tho Adelaide Exhibition. The frontispiece is a drama'ic representation of a burial at sea, en iucideut many Australians have witnessed, and the pathos of which never fades from tho memory of the spectator. Lennox Fulls, Mount Earu- shuw, New Zealand, is a full page engraving admirably conveying tho grandeur of the scene! Spencer-street Station by Electric Light is another full page illustration , which graphi cally conveys some idea of the magnitude of Victorian railway traffic. A series of cleverlr drawn sketches of the manipulation of bc'r Majesty's mails at the General Post Office is both amusing and interesting. The illustra tions of the natural history of "Coo-ee," are picturesque and entertaining. Sketches of the umateur fishers at the Graving Dock, Williams- town when the wonderful haul of fish was made last week aro admirably drawn. A view of that strange formation of land in tiie Finko River district, Northern Territory, known ns the Sugar Loaves, is the subject of auolhcr engraving. Another page is filled with carefully finished drawings of places in nud around Adelaide. Victoria- square, the Luke in the Botanical Gardens and the View of the Shipping being specially meritorious. The letterpress as usual is au interesting record of the month, and the supplement is a conve nient review of the Adelaide Exhibition Further evidence was tatea yesterday hr 'the Pilot Board in regard to the collision in the Yarra last week between the steamers Franklin and Pharos, whereby the latter vessel was sunk. AU the witnesses connected with the Pharos were examined, and two deponents engaged > upon the Franklin gave their testimony ; after i ' which the board adjourned tho case for a month, so that the investigation may be con cluded on the return of the Frauklin from Western Australia, whither sliejirci-eedcd, via Adelaide, yesterday afternoon. The only now item of importance elicited nt yesterday's pro ceedings was a statement by tho inan at the wheel . of the Franklin that liis vessel was going nlong in mid-channol at the time of tho collision, and that the ncc.ident would not have happened had not the Pharos ran across her bows. The postal authorities bavo received advices from the Postmaster-General of New Zealand thut he lias arranged with tho Cable Company to keep tho cable open for presr messages to New Zealand, up to 11 p.m. (Victorian timoj daily, Saturdays excepted, instead of half- past 10 p.m., as at present. The now arrange ment will take effect at once. The first of the new series of special excur sion trains in connection witli tho Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition will bo despatched from tho Spencer-street station to-dav. Up to tho present 231 first and second clnss passengers have been booked, and in all probability this number will be increased before the train leaves Melbourne. The Twelve Mile and the Tragowel Irriga tion Trusts havo applied to the Governor in Council to be declared trusts under the Irriga tion Act passed last session. Both these bodies were formed under the Water Conserva tion Act passed by tho O'Loglilcn Government, bat have since been brought under tho operation of tho more recent act, which gives the trusts increased facilities for carrying on their works. The Melbourne Harbor Trust wiil meet to day at 2 o'clock. The business on tho notice paper comprises recommendations from the works, dredging nnd stores committee for tho reclamation of 38 acres of the Trust's lauds oil the left bank of tho river, between Spot- tiswoode I'oint and the Willi unstown steam ferry, at a cost of £16,575 ; the extension of 6hect piling towards Stony Creek ; and the giving of a dis tinctive name to tho new chaunel of the river through Fisherman's Bend. Commissioner Doiv- man will move that tho Trust, negotiate with tho Government for the disposal of the silt, with Ihe view of reclaiming land, instead of throwing the silt into the Buy. The Postal authorities announce that parcels weighing up to 7 lb. can be forwarded to Natal (South Africa) via Loudou The rates have been fixed at 3s. 4d. for 1 lb., 4s. 8iL for 2 lb., and 2s. 4d. for every additional lb. Mr Alfred MacHugh, M.A., of Dublin University, has been appointed an assistant lecturer ou classics at Trinity College, Mel bourne. Mr: MacHugh has a distinguised academic record, having wou two exhibitions and a scholarship in classics during his under graduate course, together with special prizes for Greek and Latiu composition. He will enter on work at the college during the present tenn. -Mr. J. C. Hndley, secretary of tiie National Prospecting Association, of Hobart, arrived yesterday with a ton of auriferous porphyry, taken from one of the sections owned by the association at M'Kusack's Creek, on tins west coast, Tasmania. 'Die material wilt be treated nt Parker's pvritjs works, Foatscray, to-morrow at- noon. Mr. Iluuley hits aiso' samples of tiie gold taken from the lode if. sinking, as well aa samples of the gold- bearing porphyry and other qii.irlz carrying good gold taken from the reef traversing Hie porphyry. All these specimens nv : very rich, t'ersons iutereslcd in mining matters are iuviled hv .Mr. lludlev'tu inspect them to-dav ut Phair's lintel. The Vlio.-i of Hobau v. the Riilwny Com missioners wis brought to a conclusion in the First Nisi I'rlcs Court yesterday, before Mr. J ust. r: lloiroyd aud a jury of 12. Tiie plaintiff was a drover, aud was driving a mob ot" cattle over a level crossing between Glenrowmi and Wiingarattn, in December last, when a special train from Melbourne dashed upon him. His horse was killed under him. several of tho cattle were killed, nud Ihe plaintiff himself had his leg broken iu four places, besides sustaining other serious injuries. The defendants admitted 1 1ml tho accidcut had beeu brought about by tiie uegliceucc of the gatekeeper, hut were desirous that the amount of damages should be assessed by a jury. Medical testiuiouy was .-ailed, from which it appeared Unit die plaintiff, .vim is a man of 41 years of age. would u-.-ver completely recover from his injuries. It was, however, 'submitted by counsel for the defend ants thut there was every reason to believe that Hobau might iu a few years' lime be able to follow some avocation by which lie could gain a livelihood. The plaintiff claimed £4030, nud the jury awarded him .'2875. Mr. cox nud Mr. Isaacs appeared for the plaintiff ; Mr. O. A. Smyth uud Mr. Hood tor the defendants. The cr.se Iloolt v. Webb was continued iu the Second Nisi Vrius Court yesterday, before Ihe Chief Justice and a jury of six, The defendant is Captain Thomas Webb, u member of the firm if HuJilart, Parker uud Co., and the plaintiff was iu June, 188(1, engaged ns foreman of a hatch iu superintending the loading cf tho f.s. Burruiubect nt the Australiau wharf. Whilst sn employed the defeudaut came down to the ship and gave instructions, for an additional truck to tie inude use of iu conveying goods from the lighter lying ulougside. The truck was so negligently slung, it. is alleged, that when the winch was put iu motion the derrick gave xvuy aud fell upon the plaintiff's back, inflicting very serious injuries. The defeudaut in his evidence yes terduy staled that the derrick was rigged before he gavo auy orders, ami flint lie used every reasonable precaution subsequently. The order to heave up " was given by the plaint ill himself. Counsel haviug addressed the jury, the case was adjourned uutil this morning, wlieu his Honor will sum up. Two hotclkeepers from Gippshuul were par- tics lo au action tried iu the Equity Court yester day before Mr. Justice Webb. The pleiutifi. Fred. Wood, alleged lll.it tiie defendant, James Shepherd, had agreed on the 10th June, 1885, to purchase from him the 'Thompson-bridge Hoivl, Wulhullu-roa.l, for £725, and lie uow sued him for specific pcrformuncc. The de feudaut submitted in the first instance thut the pbiiutifl's title was not a satisfactory one. Ilis premises were creeled upon Crowu land that had never heeu granted to r.uy one. The laud also formed part of a gold field, uud the pluiu- i iff was neither ihe holder of a miner's right nor a bnsiuess liceuce. Shcpheid's chief con tention, however, was that a verbal agreement was made that ho should he at liberty to sell ou hehulf of the plaintiff, and thai it" was in tended that the written contract of the 10th June should he dfuwu up ou that understanding. His Honor considered that the document fn question did not express the iuleutions of tho parties, aud gave judgmeut for the defendant. The present litigation had boen brought about by the defendant's own carelessness iu signing n paper without first reading it, and lie would, therefore, uot rcceivo costs. Mr. Goldsmith and Mr. Fink appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Isaacs for the defeudaut. Tho wrongful seizure of a huggv, dis trained upon for rout, formed the subject of an action in tho Banco Court ycstcrdnv, before Air. Justice Williams. The plaintiff, "William Henry Gray, stated tbat in March, 1884, he leased lo John and Thomas Bardy a farm, known us .Tames Diinnny's spinal!.,. f?r - of three yeais, at £00 p'eruuifum. Ou the 25th February, 1887, there was £75 due iu respect of rent, aud the plaintiff caused certaiu goods upon tho farm to bo distrained upon. Amongst these was a baggy, uud on the 28th February Stamp, Sou und Symous, of Donald, coach builders, committed a breach by rescuing it from pouud. The plaiutiff claimed £1C0 damages. Tho defence was thut the buggy, which had bcon let by tho firm, and for wlffch tiie Bardys wore in arrears, had been removed at the request of tho latter, and with the con sent of the plaintiffs agent. His Honor gave a verdict for tho plaintiff forDt-IS, with costs Mr. Hodges aud Mr, Forlongo appeared for the plaintiff, Mr Bryant and Mr. Woiuarski for the defendants. The criminal sittings of the Supreme Court were continued yesterday, before Mr. Justice Kerfcrd and juries of 12. Mr. R. Walsh prosecuted for the Crown. George Aluyne pleaded guilty to two charges of uttering, and was remanded for scutouce. Jobu llenry Payuc wus charged with burglary in the Fire Brigades Hotel, A'Beckctt-street, on the 7lh Juue. Three men went into tho bar and obtained drinks, tendering a £10-note. The landlady went upstairs for change, and tho prisoner aftcrwatds took au opportunity of making an entrance iuto the room from which the had procured the money. He was seen making his escape through a Window, and a sum of £G0 18s. was found to have beeu stolen. The prisoner was found guilty and remanded for sentence. Catherine Fran-lev was con victed of feloniously receiving u "quantity of clothing and other articles stolen from Alary Scobie in George-street, Fitzroy, and remanded for sentence. A composite life boat, which is to be called the Jubilee Tank Life Boat, has beeu iuvented by Captain S. J. E. Jorgensen, of tho Norwe gian barque Regno, now lying in this uort. Captain Jurgensea has made drawings and models to indicate how ships' water tanks may be so constructed as not only to answer their present purpose, but be made to form indepen- dent floating media, or sections of a large boat, The principle of his invention is that each tank should be provided with n false bottom, aud this should lie tilled with sutiicb-ut water to act as ballast, so tbat the water being well secured, and that part of the tank to be used by passeugers being properly decked, on the whole concern being tumbled into the sea it will, by reason of its hollowness, at once right itself. Each tank is proposed to bo littod with appliances for forming strong and expe ditious connections with others, aud the stern tank is to havo a rudder attached to it. Masts, oars . and sails may bo kept at hand for placing in a boat so constructed, and each tank is also to contaiu rowlocks. Cuptain Jorgensen statos that by a series of four or five of such tanks a boat may bo mado which will bo 24 foet long, capable of holding 40 persons safely, and pro viding for them 430 gallons of water without interfering with its stability. In rough weather, when the iron decks nre put down, there can ho no possibility of iucouvcnieuce. Ho considers that tho tanks might staud on the decks of ships on rollers, or wheeled tracks, ready for connecting in cases ot emergency. No davits are necessary for lowering them into tho water, as when loaded and closed part of the bulwarks of tho vessel may be removed, and they can be dropped in either connected or separately. Captaiu Fullar- ton and other authorities have expressed ap proval of the invention. At a meeting of the Australian Church Lite rary Society held yesterday evening, presided over by tlie Rev. Chas. Strong, a paper was read by Alr. J. A. Clezy, M.A., on Character Portraiture in Shakspcare, with special refer ence to Hanilet, Tho author, after premising that tho field of speculation as to tho sources and models of tlie great dramatist'3 plavs and characters had been so long harvested that hardly a straw remained to bo gleaned, wont on to say that an original and unbiassed studv of Sliakspcnrean character portraiture, as, fo'r instance, that of tho strong- family resomblaucc between Lear and his three daughters, opened a wider vista for inquiry. To him it appeared that, while most of the characters iu Sliakspearo's dramas were the creatures of gradual development, others, aud notablv Macbeth and Hamlet, urged from bud to worse by tho commission uf a crime, whose disposi tion uudorweut au entire change after tho awl'ul revelation made by his father's ghost, were formed by sudden catastrophe. The moving impulses of the protagonist of this latter play, especially those guiding his conduct towards Ophelia, PuJouiu.x, JCing Cluudius uud his mother, wero fully reusoued out, aud ulfcer the reading of the paper a discussiou ou tho views it set out was iuiiiated and cuiiliuueil bv Messrs Douglas, Jacob Goldstein, llice. Rex, Skene, It. Jones, Benjamin mid Butcher, Use author summarising aud replying to the objec tions that lu.it been raised. The next lupci, to be read on Tuesday next by Air. A. Skene, will treat of the iuflucuce of the Jews ou modern institutions. At the ordinary meeting of the Fitzroy council last evening a recommendation from too public works committee was brought up to prepare piaus for enclosing n triungaiar piece of ground surrounded bv St George's-road, h cm climer aud B.-si streets, North Fitzroy. A deputation of the shopkeepers uud proper! v owners of the district waited ou the council a.-r'd a-hud that the piece of ground ia question lo asphalted nud a fountain erected, as, if tlie ground we.e enclosed uud possibly planted with irees, it would lower the value uf surrouudiii" properly. It. was uitimatelv decide J bv the council to H-t'er the mutter 'back to tlie'com- mutee for reconsideration. dlie fourth uuuual c.xhibii'on of the Aiuatour 1 notorapiiic ztsscchition of \ icUh i:i wus op'.'ucd yesterday evening iu (lie Royul Society's llaii. ihe exhibits were both numerous in "qmjntity ttud excellent iu quality, a noticeable feature being the unmber ot tiuc specimens of en- ur.ed photographs. The first prize iu small landscapes was awarded to Mr. Harper, in lar-e landscapes to Air. Miilvauv ; the first prize 7u portraiture to Air. Fultertoii, and tlie lirst for enlargements to Air. .las. Musgrove. who, it may be mentioned, prepares the whole of his own plates. iu ardiiicctnrut work the first prize was awarded to Air. J. II. Harvey (hen sec.), and the sccoud to Air. F Kernot. The display of dissolving photographic views of Au. t ruli :: n scenery, the majuritv representing picture-quo spots on the Watts River uud other viutoriuu streams, lmt supplemented bv views ui Qucer.sluml ami elsawhero. attracted a lurge naiuacr oi jiorxoas to thj upper lecture roam. Mestr>. \\\ . bmall unit Co., i3akoraml ltuuao ami Anient uud Hall, who lind i\ room to tiiciii- solves, exhibited a laryo assortment of tho latest lonns of cameras and other photographic requi sites. Tho exhibit iou will reiuuta opou this evening from 3 lo 10. Tiie Jubilee Festival and Fair at Ihe Exbibi- ttuu was well attended Just evening, in spite of tae bad weather. To-niiit various attractions apart from the bazaar itself are offered. We are requested to state that ihe appenr- auco of Mr. Federici iu Princess Ida on Mou- duy night at tho jsew Princess's Theatre wus utteiiued with great pain und diilicultv, owinn to his liaviujj sustained a severe sprain of the uuklo duriug the battle scene on Saturday night. _ Mr. Phi!. Robinson lias deferred his proposed visit to Douiliquin, uud is devoting hfs atten tion to coliecti ug mutter for literary purposes this week in and u round Melbourne. At nis mutinve lecture next Saturday afternoon at tho Dijou Theatre it is notified that pi iucipals ot schools may book seats for the dress circle at half price. Vac.ln&'Ion li advertised to take place tlih day at Kirk's Itezstnr. Vaccination with call lymph U navertU-d to enk« llucK at 2 p.m. this afternoon, at the Calf Lrmoh 1 h'fHit. Kuyal 1'urk, near Uruiuwlcic. J-roh calf lympti .vupp.i-'l weekly to public vaccinator on application. Tlie ll<m:u!t)p:ilhic llr.pU:U ball takev i».uc<s to-ni-lit at ill. Mn«(>u.c Hail, nuu j.r«-miaos to ho n brilliant suc cess. Ilerr t'lwk will proviun the music, and Mr. stinker h the cmoror. il»o comtn'Steo liave made ni; jiir.memrnH lo make the ball one of ihe moat eiduv- tiblc nf the nenaoa. A landing of the OnnoiiJ College l.ilerarv nnd DclMUlna Society uiil be held this evumig, nl 0 u'clnck. in the no.v common room of ihe vol cl'c. Mr. II. IiuvN A-ill ojrijn. Mid Mr. .1. b. Wiliiuinvjn, U.A., will resp-md. >n the motion That the existence uf a Utba :f Nf'»crtey J» prejudicial to tho full development of a people." A preliminary meeting of non-exempt lonelier was held on :;atnnlu>- inurnitia. to consider what stubs shonl-J be taken in order to secure cu nnienoincut of that portion of the ruhlio Service Act which relates to vx.-uindun. It was aieetl io Hold a ccncrnl meeting on Kii lay next nt the Atb,'n;vmu, CuUIcs-strror, par ticular of which arc advertised. Messrs. M'Utlllvruy Uurston, Ih-Al, I'eneoek and M-rlter-im were & pointed uu executive to mit'ie necessary arrangements to brlihr about the desired ol-ji- ct. 