ZABINA ZEMBKA. BY WILLI AN BLACK. Author of " Macleod of Dare," " A Princess of Thule," &c.; CHAPTER LI. AT CAKVRYAH TOWER, Janie'8 keen desire to visit tlie northern isles and hills, and Edinburgh, and Melrose, and "the dowie dens o' Yarrow" had apparently gone away from her mind now ; she seemed well content with this bit of western Wigtonshire; and, indeed, they found the neighbourhood exceedingly picturesque and interesting. Of course they insisted on Walter Lindsay accompanying them on all of their excursions; and the attendant who went with them, perched up on the box-seat beside the driver, speedily discovered that his office was a sinecure. It was " the tall young leddy" who had supplanted him; devoting herself entirely to Lindsay; and never weaxied of telling him of all Jlnt was around them as they walked along. She did not need to lead him. Somehow he knew when she was clos9 by him. Her voice_ was a sufficient guide—perhaps an occasional touch of her drees, _ too. Naturally, when they were stepping into a boat, or passing under the archway of some old ruin, she gave her band, but ordinarily they merely walked side by side—her face turned toward his. They vrerc thus strolling along the shore one morning, she stooping now and again to pick up a shell or a bit of crimson weed, but ever returning to her welcome task of describing the fair world around them ; and Janie and her husband were following seme little way behind. "If Walter had only his eyesight for ten minutes!" Janie said, wistfully. "If he could only see the expression of her face every time she turns to him. There is one thiDg surely he must notice—that her voice changes whenever she speaks to him. Whatever she may be saying to us—whatever nonsense may be going on—the moment she speaks to him it is all gentleness; and you know how soft and kind her voicc is when she chooses. That is what I have said for years and years, ever since I have known her; the way to win Sabie's love is through her pity. Walter Lindsay used to be too well off; she never could be brought to* care for hiin. So I suppose it is true that there may be a soul of good in things evil. I dare say if she had not come through that dreadful time of trouble, she would never have got to know what a true friend he is; and I am quite sure, if this misfortune hadn't befallen him, she wouldn't have the sympathy with him she has now. And very little trouble she takes to hide it. If he could ^fnly see, for a second, how she watches his fMce when she's telling him anything—to gather whether he's interested ; yes, and the quickness with which she is the first to get him his stick and his hat when we are coming out, and the eagerness with which she listens to him—and her quick approval—ah, well, I don't know what may come of it; but apparently Sabie is quite happy whenever she is with bim." Thus said Janie in her incoherent way; her husband took a more practical view; " What ought to come of it is clear enough. To make of two broken lives one whole one is the sensible thing." " He is too proud to ask her," Janie said, " Let her ask him." "She can't. Besides, he would refuse to accept such a sacrifice—that is, if he was likely to be permanently blind." " Now, look here," said Mr. Philip. " That is a subject which we can't speak of to Walter; but you and I may speak of it; and I assure you that his determination to look at the worst side of the possibilities must have grown up when he was living here bv himself, and giving way to depression ana gloom. Or he may think it right to school hixnsely to face the worst that can happen. Very well; that may be reasonable enough; but you must remember that the chances are really the other way. No doubt, many of the operations are unsuccessful; but the majority of them are successful; and you know what the doctors said—that everything depended on the general health of the constitution. Well, look at Lindsay. He has never bad a touch of gout or rheumatism or anything of the kind all his lifelong. I say the chances are all in his favour. Of course, the anxiety must be dreadful; and I can understand a man, in a kind of half despair, saying to himeeif that he will rather look forward to the worst, so that he may not be wholly crushed if It should happen." "I wonder what Sabie thinks," Janie said, absently. "Iam afraid to ask her. Audi suppoEe, if he were to be permanently blind, it would be too great a sacrifice for her to make? I know, if the positions were reversed, it would not be too great a sacrifice for him to make; he would sacrifice anything, everything, for Sabie's sake. But you don't often meet with a devotion like that. He told me himself—but mind, you must not tell Sabie this—that when it first occurred to him there was something wrong with his eyes, be began to think there would be at least this compensation in being blind, that Sabie would always have the same beauty for him, that he would always think of her as he had first known her. There never has been anything that he would not sacrifice, and willingly and gladly, for her sake. But I don't know about her." " You don't know about her ?" her husbind repeated, staring at her. " Well, I like that! Oh, of course, you want me to argue that she is bound to make the sacrifice? I am not going to say anything of the kind. But this is clear enough—that if the success of that operation depends considerably on the general health of the patient, our little trip here seems to have done Lindsay a world of good. He is in ever so much better spirits than when we came." " That is because Sabie is his constant companion," was Janie's answer. " And I must say for her, that when she sets about making much of any one, she does it with a will. There is no mistaking it. I remember, in the old time, mother declaring she was a most horrible flirt because of the way she was * going on' with Walter at his own house one night. Bat she wasn't 'going on.' When she wants to be good to you, as the children gay, sbe certainly can, and she doesn't care who sees it, either." " Well, then," said Mr. PbP : >\ " it is clear we are not doing Lindsay innr-h harm bv keeping him occupied and c) Lr/ul; and 1 have been thinking we might on two or three days more to our visit. We can't be in the way, tor he has nothing to do; and the houBe is big; and the servants just as obliging and good-natured aa tin y can he. Well, now, I was thinking of M< inlay next; ehall we say Wednesday instead " If you will stay to the end of the week, Phil," Janie answered, " I will givu up any one of the places I wanted to boo—any one you like." "The end of the week? Well, wo mimt first aBk for an invitation. And thuu wu'll see what Sabina says." But Philip Drexel had hiinHolf u!ready <:nt outone portion of their travrAliw jirogi tiuuim —that referring to the l',ru.<:» dt V ntWw. 11 o seemed to have lost intvrcol iu U»> (ticy iL»il shadowy figure which, iu liio Loudou riieutiin, he had pictured aa on Yarrowa ImuLa. with ix world of mysticgloom nrouij.l flmj-. l?ur«v<:i> as the blood of an uuo inic iM'.i nuii ib Uunlnni by fresh air and eunlight ami tsxcruiab, Mr. Philip's imagination, under th« ooimtant Btimulus of historical and legendary mienus and associations —to say nothiug of tho brisker health begotten of rowing,' and climbing, and moorland tramping — had w warmed into colour. Among Lindsay's books t he had discovered the ballad of Fair Annie ; and he had gradually put away from bim the grey phantom of Yarrow's banks for this brighter, if still pensive figure—that of the forsaken mistress who is bidden to lace her in green cleiding" and " braid her yellow hair" that Bhe may welcome home the bride :— " Fair Annie stood in her bower door, And lookit offer the land : And there the s;tw her ain p-ude lord leading bis bride by tbe band. She's drest her sons i' the scailet red, Beisflf i' tin 1 charity freer); And thoupli lirfr check looked pale and wan, the weel might ha" been a queen." This was what he was busy with now ; and eo the visit to Yarrow's haunted stream was discarded, or at least postponed ; and there was so much tho more time to add on to their lingering in the pleasant Kingdom of Gulif'way. When 1'hilipasrkrd Lindsay to keep them on for another week, ho wound up his not ini lltciual pjaycr by saying— "And tbe best thins you can do at the end of the time is to come along with us. Moping down here won't do you any good. Come witb us for a run through Scotland, and then go back to London with us." But Lindsay would not hear of it. " I should be a continued drag on you, and you have plenty to do. Besides, I have prown familiar with this place ; I can get about a little even when Jamie_ isn't by. Of course I shall have to be in London lor a brief time ; we shall meet then. In the meanwhile, Phil, my lad, don't talk about jour going, there's a good fellow. I don't want even to think of it—until it's over." If these days, then, were now numbered, at least they were halcyon days. The visitors had not committed the usual mistake of English folk in going to Scotland just at the very worst time of the the year for weather. And how quickly tbe time passed '. In the morning, after breakfast, they all went outside, for the mignonette was sweet in the soft June air; and if Janie and Philip generally strolled off by theuiEelves, Sabina had found out for herself a warm bank at the southern edee of the lawn, where it was pleasant to sit. Thither she brought Lindsay's chair and the daily batch cf newspapers; and sne could make a shrewd guess as to what interested him mcst when she began to read—not the squabbling of Synods and Presbyteries, and not the sham objurgation of party politics, but rather the reports from the salmon rivers, and accounts of any new picture exhibition in London. Then the wagonette would corns round to the door; the stragglers would be summoned to eet ready; and presently they would te driivingaway along the coast, or up and over the wild moorland country, until, at midday, they sought out some sheltered spot for opening the luncheonbasket. The afternoon Mr. Philip usually devoted to desperate attempts at acquiring the art of liy fishing from a boat on a Email loch hard by. Sometimes the others accompanied him ; and it was very little the two nomen knew of the imminent peril they were in from the erratic cast of flies, especially when there was a bit of a breeze on behind the fisherman. Lindsay, of course, could not see ; and the saturnine Jamie, sitting at the oars, merely sniggered to himself and said nothing; but neverthe less Mr. Philip Hogged away with his variegated cast of Zulu, Blue Dun, and Coch-y- bondu; and if he sometimes caught up in his own clothes or occasionally lodged the Coch-y-bondu in the gunwale of the boat behind him, these were but trifling mishaps: and eventually his patience and resolution were on most occasions rewarded by the capture of a few innocent small things attracted by the passage of the drop-fly acrcss the surface. Then home to dinner'; after which there was smoking, and chatting, and music; sometimes on these warm- scented June nights they opened the French windows, and went abroad in the stillness, for there was moonlight now ; and it \tas strange to hear, in the silence, the occasional soft F mewing of some distant seagull or the whistle of a curlew down by the shore. On the last night of all these nights Philip proposed that they should walk up to the old tower, to have a last lcok at the coast and the silvered sea. All this evening L ; ndsay had been silent and preoccupied; Sabina had tried her best to cheer him, but without avail: no one had dared to speak of the departure on the morrow; and indeed the restraint on all of them was only too obvious. So this proposal was rather gladly accepted; and when they went out into the hushed night Janie and her husband led the way, as waB their wont, and Sabina followed with Lindsay, her hand just hovering near his arm. It was a beautiful night, and the further they climbed the steep ascent the more they could see of the still, moonlit water, and the successive grey promontories running out away to the south. There was not a sound; even the seabirds were silent now ; and thq whispering of the ripples along the shore was too faint to reach them here. And Sabina had ccased to try to entertain him; ber own heart was not over light; perhaps she felt there was much to say that she could not say. When they reached the tower—which was part of the ruins of a stronghold built by the Robert Lindsay who fell at Otterbourne— they found that Philip and Janie had gone inside and were trying to make their way up to the top. Sabina did not choose to follow them ; she seated herself on one of the big stones lying all about; and Lindsay remained standing by her side—his fingers just touching her dress near the shoulder, that he should know she was there. For some little while there was silence; then she said (recurring to her duties for the last time)'— I don't think I ever saw the sea so still. And there is a small steamer right in the way of the moonlight—jet black it is—it is so strange to see it slowly crossing that wide silver pathway. Where will it be going? Over to Ireland?" He paid no heed to her question; it was not of the sea he was thinking, " So you are really going away to-morrow ?" he said, in rather a low voice. " Yes," she answered simply, " and I have no heart in going." Then, with an effort, she gathered courage to say what she wished to say. " You must not imagine tbat I go willingly, I think I have been of some little service to you. I think you like me to be with you. And I would like to stay if I could. You did not forsake me—in my time of trouble. If I am going, I have no heart in going; believe that." The hand that was so near touched her; it was trembling a little. " Sabina, you almost make me speak when I had determined to keep silent—aud if I could" And here he paused for a second. " No, not yet; not as I am now : I cannot. But perhaps hereafter—it may be different; I mnst wait—and then—if it is different—I will come to you." She could not fail to understand. " You do not trust me," she said, "Do you think that would make any difference to me ?" a He bent down a little; perhaps it was to listen for the least sound of her voice; it was habit he had got into since his eyesifht had left him. "Sabina, if the worst were to happen— wonld you still have pity on me ?" For answer she took the hand that was hovering over her shoulder, and held it in both of hers, and kissed it. •'My best and dearest friend," she said, and there was even a touch of pride in her simple self-surrender, " I wish to be with you always; but, if that were to happen—then more than ever." CHAPTER LIL AT A PICTUBE SHO Walter Lindsay neither let nor sold his town house and studio. On all sides he was informed that the most skilful oculists in tbe world were to be found in London; and when the time was drawing nigh for the operation for cataract to be performed, he repaired thither. Nor did Janie and Philip and Sabina leave bim much chance of sinking into a nervous apprehension and gloom. Nearly every evening they went round to his studio ; for Sabina was staying with these cood friends just then; and Lindsay and they were near neighbours. Sometimes Sabina took to him, or sent him, flowers. It was a fair exchange. C dinna ye mind, lore Gregory, When we sate at the wine, Dow we changed the napkins frae our necks?— It's no sae lang sinsyne, _ln her time of trouble he had shown her a kindnees that she treasured in her inmost heart; and now it waB her turn, in a smaller but in no unwilling way, to pay him all kinds of little attentions and send him daily remembrances. They were not undervalued by the recipient of them. During the week of suspense that followed tho operation, Janie was terribly anxious; Sabina much less so. Indeed, her apparent or schooled indifference not only surprised Janie, but pained her; and she ventured to remonstrate. " Kvcn if tho worst should happen," Sabina mid, calmly, "I am quite prepared for it; it will not bo so very dreadful." " Sabie!—huve you no regard for his fame as u painter ?'" " I have a greater regard for his love," was tin: answer (these two being alone together at the time). " What do you mean, Sabie? Would you rather have him always dependent on you— iu that what yon mean ? It can'c be that you imagine, if he were to recover his eyesight, he would care for you any the less, when you know quite well that never in all your life | ere you looking as pretty as you are now— • hat can't be it?" "Janie, don't talk as if my interests Bhould be thought of at all," Sabina answered. " Of course, if Walter gets back his sight that will be a joyful day for all of us. But if it isn't to be—well, we will do what we can to make bis life pleasant for him ; aud I for one am not going to be downcast, even at the worst," But she was hardly under such good contrcl cn the momentouB day when the examination was to be trade. She and Philip and Janie were all in the house ; the doctor was in the room up «. rs. It hid been hinted to them that, ab fj.r as it was possible for medi. al skill to judge, there was every reason to believe that the operation would prove to have Leen successful; but notwithstanding that Janie was very visibly agitated, and Habina, though holding herself in restraint, seemed to be listening intently as if for some footfall on the stair, and she started at the smallest sound. Janie, indeed, could not keep still. She went from one place to another. Not a word was spoken by any of them. At last she left the room, and crept noiselessly up the staircase, and hung about the landing. She could hear them speaking within; surely those voices were cheerful enough ? Suddenly the door was opened. "Good-bye foi the present !" " You'll tell them, doctor?"' "Oh, yes; they're waiting below—they won't have left, depend on it." Then he shut the door; and the next moment was confronted in the dusk by this poor, timorous, apprehensive, speechless ghost. " Oh, it's all right," said he. " Very satisfactory indeed." Janie flew down the steps—how, she could never afterwards understand—and rushed into the room. "Sabie! Sabie!" And then her arms were round her friend's neck, and she wae kiBsing her on one cheek, acd the other cheek, again, and again, and again. It was all the message she could deliver—but it was understood between those two. A long time after that—last Jnne, indeed —it was announced that on a certain day there would be opened in Bond-street an Exhibition of water-colour drawings and sketches, chiefly of the River Shannon; and on the previous Saturday there was a Private View, at which a large number of the artists' friends were assembled. It was a goodly display, considering that moBt of the series bad been produced witbin eighteen months— though some of the drawings were of an earlier date. It was one of these other ones that seemed to have caught the fancy of a noble and gracious lady who would insist on Lindsay goirg round the rocm with her; and so profuse were her praises that, in order to get away from them, he said— " Yes, 1 like that one myself—for it was just underneath those trees that I caught a 28 lb. salmon." " Really no w !" said this good lady. " How very interesting ! Twenty-eight Dounds— that mutt have been a large fish. What did you do with it ?" " I sent it to Sabina Zembra. "Sabina Zembra?" she said, enquiringly. "Who is that?" "Don't you know? There she is—over in that corner—talking to the little old gentleman with the ear-trumpet," said Lindsay, looking towards a tall young woman in |a dress of silver-grey plush, with a beefeater's hat of the same material, and with one deep crimson rose at her breast. " But that is yonr wife!" said this noble person, peering through her eyeglasses. "Ah, I see—that was her name, was it? What a very extraordinary present to send a young lady!" " What else could I send her—from the Shannon;" he asked. b At this moment Janie came along. "It's all right," she said, in an undertone; " Phil has been down to some place in Piccadilly and got a room where we shall be by ourselves. Sabie and I will follow whenever we see you going to the door. And Phil is waiting outBide." The consequence of this manoeuvre was that, a few minutes thereafter, theBe four were seated at lunch in a private room of a well-known restaurant; and they seemed rather glad of this respite from their public duties. " When I first thought of having an exhibition of this kind," Lindsay said, '* my wildest hope was that that young woman there would condescend to come to the private view. I little expected to see her mistress of the show." *' I assure you that it is remarkably nice," Sabina said. " You've no idea what pretty things have been said to me this morning. And do you think I was going to make anv protest ? That wouldn't have been businesslike. I felt far more inclined to say— ' G ood gentleman, or pretty lady, your opinion is quite correct; and will you buy " " You mercenary wretch! However, we've little cause to complain vm that-ecore j and r I mean to make our holiday this year a thoroughgoing one. I suppose you have got everything ready for Monday morning, Philip —rods and nets and everything ?" " Yes, I think so." "Oh," continued Lindsay, "I heard a pretty story about you the last time I had to run down to Wigtonshire. The boy Jamie says that when you were fishing from the boat you were continually catching up on the gunwale behind yoa. Now how aid you manage that? You muBt have double the flies right behind. And do you know you were whisking them past people's faces ?" "Can the boy Jamie use a rod himself?" Mr. Philip asked. " Oh, yes, Jamie can throw a fly." " Then perhaps it would have been better for the young ruffian to have given me some advice instead of treasuring up a tale about it." " Never mind, we'll show you how to lift your line behind you when we're all back in Galloway again. Yes, and there's some nobler sport for you, my lad, when we go on to Cromarty; wait till yon find yourself fighting a thirty-pounder—then Janie will > have to be by to give a scream when you j bring bim to bank." Coffee and cigars were brought in ; but the little party could not idle here much longer ; the artist had to go back to receive his I patrons and friends. As they were going ' downstairs (he said— | "Look here, Mr. Phil, I leckon I shall see yon to-morrow some time or other; but if I don't mind you come a bit early on Monday morning. Euston Station, 9 45, that's the ' watchword; and then—• Tafte your seats for the North r i It only remains to be added that Sir Anthony Zembra, who has at length had the honour of office conferred on him, came to the show that afternoon, and was vastly compli- i mentary. _ At the dinner tables which he adorns with hiB handsome presence he is quite fond of talking of his son-in-law ; and at the last banquet of the Royal Academy, ' on being called on to anBwer for the House of Commons, the made pointed reference to his own personal and immediate association j with art. THE END. Two young city ladies, in the country, were standing by the side of a wide ditch, which : they did'efc know how to cross. They appealed to a boy who was coming along the road for help, whereupon he pointed behind them with a startled air, and yelled "Frogs!" The young ladies crossed the ditch at a angle bound. Nothing can reach out further than a oough at Church. It may come from the remotest corner In the rear, but its echo tickles the throats of those in front, and then creeps down the aisle and touches the vergers, and floats from the choir to the minister, and never releases its hold until it his wrung a sympathetic explosion from every victim. PerhapB you've noticed it. 