THE STORYTELLER. Our Spare Room. | Fob some time after we had been married we lived at Finchley. Finchley is not a particularly inter esting spot in itself. It is not town ; neitbor by the utmost stretch of imagination could it be called country. Jt is exceedingly difficult to get to the city— where I go every day— from there ; or to get anywhere else, for the matter of that. But I think our chief reason tor going to Jive there was tnat we had . the chance of taking a house that had been built by a friend of mine for his own occupation, who found after it was finished that he would have to live abroad for two or three years. Houses that people build for themselves are always so much nicer than those they build for other people. So we at once decided to take it, and ever since have been trying to get away from it. We both wanted to live in town, in London proper. I wanted my club ? handy and Margaret wanted, the bonnet shops. Choosing a new house is a weighty and important matter, and we braced our minds beforehand by many conversations on the subject, and at laBt began seriously to house hunt. We looked. at a good man/ desirable residences, in the region of South Kensington and Bayswater, and saw a few that we liked pretty well and a large number that we did not like at all. A good many of tlie houses had just been newly and smartly done up j lor tne season — in was tne montu 01 February when we began our search — with an evident view of attracting the public. But although they were mag nificent with paint, paper, whitewash and' Jacobean mantelpieces, we fre quently found that they were deficient in the less apparent details of drainage cisterns and boilers, with which unim I portant trifles the landlord had evi dently considered it not worth while J {P buey himself. I Somo houses, on the other hand | were not 'done up' in any way, but were dark, dirty and cobwebby, and haunted by cadaverous care-takers. It was useless to try and investigate any of this species, as Margaret refused to go any further than the drawing-room floor, and would not entertain the idea of them for a single instant. ' First impressions aro everything,' she would remark emphatically when I tried to convince her that painting and papor ing wero not yet lost arts, and -that the caretaker, would not, of necessity form part of our establishment. Our house-bunting was, therefore, a long business, and we made quite a picnic of it, Margaret declared, for we frequently retired to a confectioner's for afternoon tea, instead of going back to Finchley for that meal, which was always a great point with Mar garet. She would not have thought the day complete without it. So as the afternoons at the end of February are long and light, we frequently Walked about looking at' houses till nearly 6 o'clock. One evening as we were sitting together in my smoking- room after dinrer, talking as we usually do, about our prospective ,new house, Margaret seemed suddenly to be struck with an idea. 'Charley,' sho said, leaning forward in her chair and placing her pretty little' fore fingure on her pointed chiD as she spoke ' there is one thing that our new house must not have, and that thing is a spare room.' 'No spare room!' I cried, nearly dropping tbo end of my cigar in my surprise, ' Why, where shall we keep all our boxes my dear ; and your sewing maching, which you never use ; and ? ' 'I mean spare bed-room,' inter rupted Margaret, reprovingly. . ' And I wish you wouldn't say ' my dear,' it makes me feel so old.' ' Old ! I said, astonished and mystified. ' Yes,' returned Margaret. ' Mr. Whitelock calls his wife 'My dear,' and they are both over seventy !' This argument was unanswerable, I did not attempt to refute it. ?' 'W ell, then,' I continued, ' my — my love ' (' Ah that's better', said my wife), ' would you mind explaining to me your objections to that time-honored institution. A guest- ehaniber ? Are you afraid of a ghost taking up its quarters with us ?' ' No,' answered Margaret, still keep ing her fingure on her chin and regarding me with a fixed and stead fast ga?e. §be had not even blenched when I alluded to the sewing machine. ' But in London, he who keeps a spare room keep a hotel.' It was too true. I dropped the end of my cigar into the grate outright, while visions of Aunt Greorgina from Leamington, ' just running up from Saturday till 'Monday,' with her asthmatic pug, and her array of mperials, coursed through my brain. Aunt Georgina — she was Margaret's aunt not mine — had frequently per formed this athletic feat since our marriage, and we had soon found out that her 'Saturday till Monday' was not by any means the same as that period of time recorded in almanacs. It was sometimes a week, but more often ten days, and it had been known to extend itself to a month. L do npt think we either of us absolutely disliked Aunt Gfeorgina. In fact if any one had asked us what we par ticularly objected to in her, we should have been somewhat puzzled to reply ; but she was like a rich plum- pudding — a little of her went a long way. They say that everything comes to those who wait. Still more does every thing come to those who search long and diligently enough, and in due time our house 'was found. It' was in every way satisfactory. It had been freshly done up with paint, paper and the newest things in mantlepieces and dados, and a proper attention had been paid to such things as drainage, gas pipes ana uouura, .it was iu uie x-u.ys- water direction; it was close to an omnibus route ; it was only a shilling cab fare distance to my club, and there was' a very tolerable bonnet-shop not far off. In fact Margaret said that by putting her head out of the bath room window and craning her neck qnly a very little she could just get a glimpse of it. But in this world of ours, unfortunately, there is no rose without a thorn; no supremo good without some drawback. Our house had a spare room, To be sure, as Margaret observed when we talked this over after quite settling upon the house, we might have known that we must have a Bpare room, .aB there were only our two selves, the servants, and a very limited assortment of boxes and trunks to stow ? away. 'And you know you wouldn't like to live in a very small house, Charley,' she added, ' even if we could have found one in this part of London. ' I assented to this, ' Any way, ' continued my wife, 'I shall not furnish the room as a bed-room. ' ,'Well, that was the original idea, ' I replied. At last we were settled in our new house. I will not attempt to describe our removal and subsequent establish ing of ourselves and our furniture. It was not pleasant to go through the experience, and it is not pleasant to recall it. j think Margaret aud I came as near having a quarrel as we ever did in our lives — at that time. It all floats through my mind as I think of it. A confused dream of bedstoads aud sideboards in. the drawing- room, wardrobes in the din ing-room, Dresden china and mirrorB in the kitohen, Maple's men and strange cats everywhere, tinned-beef dinners and a general, all-prevading atmosphere of straw. ; But at last it was all over, -and Margaret triumphantly declared that the house looked as if we had lived in it for years. I thought it rather a dubious compliment, but I did not tell her so. One morning as we were sitting at breakfast, a letter was brought in and handed to my wife. 'The postman is late this morning,' she said, as she took it. I said-nothing ; I had caught a glimpse of the hand-writing and a huge golden monogram on the envel ?ope. It was from Aunt Georgina. ? I laid' down my knife and fork and looked blankly across the table at Mirgaret, who looked blanker still. She had just spread a piece of toast with marmalade — although she was in the middle of eating an egg — in sheer desperation and self-abandonment. 'I can't read it,' she said, presently, tossing the letter across to me. ' 'It looks as if she had written it with her left hand and her eyes shut.' I deciphered its contents with some difficulty, and then read it aloud to Margaret. It ran as follows : M'? Dear Margaret ('I wish she wouldn't call you Maggie,' I stiid : So I hear you are established in a now town house. I think of running up next Saturday till Monday, just for a change of air for my self and Boulotte (Boulotte was her pug), and to have a poop at the fashions. May I occupy your spare room? Of course you navo a spare room, I know tho delightful plan of all London houses. All news when we meet. Your affeotionate, Aunt Gkobqina. To day was Monday ; she had not given us a long notice of her coming. 'To think of hor trying to make us believe that she is really only coming from Saturday to Monday,' said Mar garet scornfully. 'I don't quite see how she could 'peep at the fashions' between Saturday afternoon and Mon day morning, unless she means she is going to study the bonnets in church-' ' Well,' I said, dividing my morning paper in two, and giving Margaret the part with the births, deaths and marriages, which she always likes to see ; ' it's awkward her wishing to come to us just as we have decided not to have a spare room, but wo can easily write and say wo haven't one.' ' No,' said Margaret, shaking her head sagely, ' that would never do. In the first place, she would be very much offended, and she mustn't be offended, for you know, Charles, I have Bome expectations from her — though it is not much.' That was very true. ' Then,' she continued, ' our not having her to stay in this house will not prevent her coming up to town. She will come all the same, and stay at a hotel. She will walk in upon us directly she arrives — Saturday afternoon, very probably. She will, of course, expect to be shown all over the house ; and it will strike her as rather peculiar why we have left our large front bed-room on the third floor empty. Tou know the horrid way she always notices everything. She will bear down upon me with an avalanche of questions, and probably get everything out o.f mo hefore I know where I am. No ! What we must do is to turn that room into some other kind of room — not a bed room,' she concluded somewhat vaguely. It was time for me to go to the city, so we did not discuss the matter any more just then. As J have said, this was Monday, and by Wednesday evening we had not come to any decision about our spare room. But Margaret had written a polite, though I am afraid, rather hypocritical note to Aunt Georgina, saying that unfortunately we possessed no spare bedroom, and entreating her to take up her quarters at the Pad dington Hotel, aud give us as much of her society qp was possible. On Wednesday evening we began seriously to discuss our spare room ; time was getting short. Margaret could suggest nothing but a picture gallery or a private chapel ; but as wo j had no pictures worth speaking of, I f.hfirp wns a oVinroli in 4-Tio navf. street, the suggestion could be hardly called a good one ; and my idea of turning the room into a kitchen — as the sanitary-dwelling folk tell one that the kitchen should always be at tho top of tho house — was received by Margaret with scorn and contumely. 'Fancy one's dinner coming down to one, instead of up,' she said ; ' how dreadful it would be. I am sure I should never be able to eat a morsel.' ' 1 don't quite see tbe objection,' I replied mildly, ' unless you think it would be a ' come-down' j and in any case' your dinner must go down when yon eat it, you know ' Margaret took no notice of this remark. It is always a point of honor with her not to Bee any of my jokes when they are at her expense. She did not even smile. 'It would be horrible,' she went on. ?I should feel that the next thing would be, 1 should have to wear divided skirts and [stockings with toes to them.' ?I thought stockings always had toes,' I said, but Margaret vouchsafed me no reply, not condescending to inform me that she referred to Dr. Jaeger's new system, where the toes of the stookings are separated like the fingers in a glove. The next day, as I was sitting in my office, a brilliant idea suddenly rushed post- haste into my mind, it was so brilliant, and also I felt that the time was getting on so fast, that I decided to go home at once and communicate it to Margaret. I was rather proud of it, for as a rule I do not have eo many brilliant ideas as she has. Therefore, I at once left the office, although it was only 3.30 ; and hailing the first respectable looking hansom that I could see, drovo rapidly home. I dashed upstairs into the drawing room, where Margaret was sitting. ' Oh, Charley ! ' alio oried ; ' how i you utartled me, I was altering s drrss, and I though you were a caller.' And she pulled out lier paraphernalia I from under tho sofa, where she had hastily huddled it. 'Margaret,' I cried, 'I have an idea! 'What]' she said, aud looked as astonished as if I had said I had got a megalosaurus in my pocket. 'I have an idea aboutthe spare room,' J gasped ; for I was very mush out of breath with my rapid ascent of the. stairs. We wjll^-raalfo it— into— a! billiard-room.' And. I sank into an arm- chair. /'Get on your hat and we will go: out and order a billiard table at once. 'A billiard-room ! Of course ! the very tiling !' ejaculated my wife. 'Why didn't wo, either of us, think of such a simple thing before ?' I waB not quite so sure about the simplicity of it as regarded the cost at any rate. When Margaret had got her hut and I had recovered my breath we sallied forth, my wife perpetually wondering all the way into Oxford street why we had , not thought of such a simple thing before. 'Beside,' she said, 'only think of the cheapness of furnishing a bill lard-room. Why, you absolutely want' nothing except the table and a few seats.' 'A carpet, though, would rather im prove the appearance of the room, wonld it not ?' I ventured to put in. 'Well, yes; but a carpet is not furniture.' I was silent, but I did not feol so thoroughly convinced of tho cheapness of the arrangement. The cost was certainly the least brilliant part of my idea, I could not help thinking. Befure wo went home to tea that afternoon we had ordered a square of Turkey carpet, a capital second-hand full-sized billiard-table and a few leather-covered seats to put round the room. The oarpet was to be made a fixture the next day; there was no difficulty about that part of the busi ness ; but the table and seats could not be sent till Saturday morning. It was 'running things very close ! Suppose Aunt Georgiua and the billiard-table were to mako their entry into the house at the same time? We were not a stone's throw from tho Great Western Hotel, and she was sure to come round directly after she arrived — she was one of those people who must air their tongues But no ! On second thoughts such a horrible recontre would be unlikely. Saturdayls only a half day, and the men would be sure to want to get their work over early. It was also ex tremely improbable that Aunt Georg ina would arrive before the afternoon. Still, in spite of all this, we both felt a little nervous, and we talked a good deal about it during dinner, and after ward when we retired to my little snuggery a smoking room, opposite the dining-room. About 9 o'clock we heard the post man's knock, and Margaret flew to get the letters. She brought back a post oard from Aunt Georgina, and we nearly tore it in two with both try ing to read it .at the same time — though there was not much to read. 'I Bhall arrive to-morrow morning at the G. W. Hotel, and shsll look upon you some time in the afternoon,' was all the information it gave us. 1 drew a long breath of relief. . 'By Jove ! What a blessing !' I said. 'By the time she arrives here, our spare room will be a full-fledgei? business like looking billiard-room, and and she will suspect nothing.' I am sure we both slept bettor that night than we had all that week. Directly breakfast was over the next morning, we began to expect our men. I had taken a whole holiday — or I should Bay a half one, as 1 always come home early on Saturdays — in honour of the billiard- table and Aunt Georgina. When 10 o'clock struck,' Margaret affirmed it as her opinion that the men were not coming at all. I tried to disabuse her of this idea. T -..A ? 1 ? 11 ? J TO J ~L ? I- ? .1 jjuu wupu xx ttuu uau »uuu& c*llu signs of tbem, I began to be alarmed : myself, and Margaret walked up and down between the back and front drawing- room like a bear in a cage, or a tragedy actress rehearsing her sceae. I had just gone to my study for a newspaper, when half-way down the stairs I heard a shriek from Margaret. ? I hurried back at once. She was standing by the window. 'Come! Come !' was all that she could 6ay. ' What is it ?' I cried, rushing to the window. ' The billiard table ?' ' 'Alas! it was no such vision of bliss. A 4-wheeled oab had just drawn up at our door, from the window of wJiich was seen protruding the crumbled, black faze of a pug and a huge nosegay of flowers. 'Perhaps it is some one come to the wrong house,' I said faintly, catching at a straw. But the next moment the straw was swept away from me, as a stout, fair lady in a towering floral bonnet stepped gingerly out of the vehicle, pug in one hand and flowers in the other. It was no optical de lusion. It was Aunt Georgina. In another minute she would be in the drawing-roomf ' What were we to do 1 Margaret, however, did not lose her presence of mind even in this unlooked-for and awful crisis. In all the five years of our married life I have never known it desert her. 'Now, Charley,' she said, emphatic ally, 'what we have to do is to occupy her and keep her in this room till the billiard-table arrives.' She looked pale, but dauntless, ? and I felt, my courage rising by force of example. 'Supposing the table doesn't come at all ?' I could not help suggesting dismally. 'It's sure to come,' she said, catching her breath; 'and try not to look as if anything is the matter.' 'Well, .and here I am, you see 1' cried a high-pitohed voioe. And Aunt Georgina sailed into the room, pug dog, flowers, and all, diffusing and overpowering odor of patohouli around her, 'I thought you wouldn't mind my dropping in to lunch.' (What a lucky thing1 this isn't tho Palace of Truth, I thought to myBelf.) 'I really couldn't wait any longer to see my denr Maggie.' (Hear she raptuoualy kissed my wife.) 'Besides,' she added candidly, 'they had nothing I could eat at the hotel ; so I left Hawkins there with my luggage and came on to yon straight. I'vo brought you some flowors out of my garden Of course T know London florists are perfection, but, after all, there's nothing like the real article.' One might have supposed from Auni Georgian's speech that Loudon florists were in tho habit of supplying tlioir customers with artificial blooms. We both murmured our thanks and our delight at her premature appear ance, while I stooped down and pat ted the pug's broad back, by way of conciliating its mistress. . ? 'Ah, isn't she a dear creature?' cried Aunt Georgina, seizing her in her arms to kiss her. 'You're a beauty, aren't you, my lovey-dovey ?' ' Tbe lovey-dovey snorted and , wheezod so apopletically, in answer to this endearing squeeze, that it seemed as if it would never be able to get is breath again. So Aunt Georgina deposited her on a velvet-covered arm chair, while she went round the draw ing-room, with Margaret's arm locked in hers, her gold double eye-glass up, exclaiming at and admiring by turns everything she saw, whiie I followed in their wake, trying not to look as nervous as I felt. Suddenly, in one of the few and distant pauses in Aunt Georgina's conversation, or rather monologue, I again heard the sound of wheels stopping at our door; very heavy wheels this time. By ill-luck she was just nearing the front windows, aftor having made the ' tour of the room. At once her gold eye-glass was up in its place. ? 'Why, I declare !' she exclaimed. 'That huge thing looks as if it were stopping at your door. You don't mean to say you've been buying a , grand piano, you extravagant chil dren ?' , It was the billiard table ! I looked at my wife, feeling as if ; my heart, and indeed, the whole of my inside, where slowly but surely sinking , down into my shoes. I wished the earth would open and swallow me up. ' But the earth, which is seldom as complaisant as one would desire under such circumstances, refused to budge. Margaret was clasping her hands behind Aunt Georgina's brown silk back. In another instance I felt all would be lost ; when all of a sudden, in the back drawing-room, arose an unearthly howling and screeching. Margaret's Persian cat had just strolled lazily into tli6 room, in search of a particular arm-chair which she loved, when she was roughly accosted almost on tho threshold by Boulotte, who, though somewhat adverse to attacking her own species, was not particularly ?afraid of a- cat. But Mrs. Fluff, not appreciating the fun of the thing, boxed her ears soundly two or three times, and a a regular scrimmmge en sued. Aunt Georgina flew to soothe her howling favourite, while the cat, who had jumped on to a neighbouing cabinet, to the imminent peril of Margaret, s collection of gimcrack pottery, glowered with angry, green eyes at her cowardly assilant, her tail the size and consistency of a sweep's chimney brush. It was none too soon ! As I looked out of the window, the men were just hoisting the table out of the cart. ' You keep her here,' Margaret whispered hurried tome. 'I must go go and look after them, and tell them not^ to tread heavily.' And she vanished from the roon. It is too much to sav that at this moment I was fairly terrified. If I failed, 1 was responsible to Margaret. I felt a violent desire to seize Aunt Geogina by the arm, and march her up and down the room, as thoy do a person who has swallowed a narcotic poison. A minute more, and the mon's feet were distinctly audible tramping past the drawing-room door. If my wife had. told them not to tread heavily, they were certainly not obey ing her instructions. 'Dear mo,' Said Auut Georgina, putting up her eye-glass, aB if it enabled her to hear better. You don't mean to say you have workmen in the houso still ? ' ' I think it is some men coming to' look at the pipes.' I replied. Pipes seem usually the things that work men come to a houso to look- at, so I felt it was a safe thing to say, though not exactly true. But Aunt Georgina seemed bent on' investigating things for herself. In fact, her hand was already on the door, while a thrill of . horror shot through me, when, fortunately, the door itself arrested her attention. Margaret, who is an adept at painting —on anything but paper (that is to say, she paints on wood, china, terra cotta and Jplush ; but paper sne can never manage) — had spent some weeks in decorating the drawing-room doors, and the result was eminently charming. 'It's very well done,' she said, peering through her glasses at my wife's artistic productions. 'Those fox-gloves seem growing up quite naturally out of the ground. By the way, where is - Maggie gone to V she exclaimed the next moment, sinking dewn on a sofa which stood near. 'I-t-I think she' has gone to look after the luncheon,' 1 stammered. 'You see, we are young house-keepers, even yet.' And I smiled a deathly smile. I caught a reflection of myself in the mirror opposite, and it seemed to me that I had absolutely aged since I had got up that morning, ' 'My hair will bo wVto soon,' I thought, 'if this sort of thing goos on much longer. 'Dear me !' said Aunt Georgina, suddenly starting up from lier seat, and dropping tho eye-glassos through which she had been steadfastly regard ing mo for somo time., 'While Maggie is busy, why should you r.ot show me all ovor tho house? It will be a capital opporturity, and the stairs will give me an appetite for luncheon. I groaned inwardly. I had been dreading that she would make the re quest all along, ' 'I — I'm afraid there's nothing to see,, I stammered lamely. 'Nothing to see!' echoed Aunt Georgina. 'I conclude, if there's nothing worth seeing in the rooms tliore aro the rooms themselves? Are you afraid of it taking to long ? I should think if, as you say, you do not posses a single spare room to offer a visitor, that is not likely.' This was said ratbor stingingly, but I felt that it required a decided answer of some kind. Another crisis had some. I screwed up my cottage to the sticking point; though like 'Mac beth,, I felt I was nothing without my wife. 'To toll you the truth, aunt,' I began in desperation, 'I amafnid Margaret would not afc all like my showing you ovor tho houso without her, Indeed, lam sure she would be awfully disap pointed. She has boon talking about your coming all the week,' I wont on, warming with my theme ; 'aud look ing forward to taking you all over the liouse, and showing you the new fur niture herself, and would be awfully jut up, I'm sure, if I were to play sicorone without her.' I felt my own man again after thus isserting myself, and Aunt Georgina it once looked mollified. It was a happy thought of mine. I had still another mauvais quart i'heure before Margaret made her ippearanco, during which time I .in Justriously plied my charge with photograph albums and books of prints. As for the billiard- table men, I thought they mnst have. taken their departure up the chimney, for I heard no more of them on the stairs. Words fail me to express how de lighted [ was when the dear girl came back to relieve guard. I don't think she had ever made me so happy since the day she said she would be my wife, rhe luncheon-bell rang very soon dfter, and as we were going down-stairs Blie managed to whisper to me, while Aunt Georgina was attending to her pug, that the table was all right, but the seats had not como. 'So I took the large arm- chair out of your dressing-room and one or two others to put against the walls, and tho rooms looks all right and finished off. They've fixed the rack up too, and it looks lovely. I made tho men take off their shoes before they went down again. I told them there was some one ill iu the house.' 'Margaret !' I said reprovingly. 'It's all right, she replied; 'the cook's got the toothache. There's no decep tion.' Our ordeal was over and we were safe. We had a most delightful luncheon. Aunt Georgina, who always enjoys her food, thoroughly appreciated it, and I opened a bottle of my best champagne in her honour. She was in high good humor, and when afterwards we escorted her in triumph over our house, she did not turn up her nose at a single thing, not even at Margaret's many-colored early-English bed-room candle sticks, which I own I can never hold with-out q- shudder. Her one disparaging remark was made when, just as she was leaving the house, she turned round to my wife, who was standing in the hall, and Eaid: 'Your house is absolutely perfection; the only drawback to it is that you have no spare room.' — Argosy. 