A Small Hero. (By ** Teli-a-Tam:.') ' Sure, then, Mrs. Graham, an' if s hot it is entirely/ ? Ay is it. 'Sair lieid an' heavy han' it leaves an old wife lite me, the day.' The speakers were two wives of navvies or rail way workmen, and the place was the encamp ment of these men by the side of an uncompleted line far in the interior. The encampment con sisted of about a dezen tents of various eize3, set up on a hastily and roughly cleared bit of ground in the midst of a thick bosh. It was picturesque enough, amid a scene which had not one feature of beauty, nothing but the strong line and the endless gum tree bush to be seen. 2fo horizon line clear any where, fcr those dull leaves and gaunt ghosts of trees, which might have inspired a Daute or a Dore, but which pufc into the mind of a common mortal only a sense of oppression and repulsion. But the tents were white, and against them had been reared sheds of branches, which, whether green or colored with the bronze reds and yellows of decay, were alike bits of color which an artist would value. Then women with bright hoods and aprons, little children, dogs, and poultry, enlivened the homely scene. There were fires, too, and clothes hanging about to dry; and even & cow, a couple of goats, snd two or three horses were to be seen. Yes, it was a pretty picture of home lite in this country. The sounds were pleasant, too. Clatter of women's r voices and chatter of children. Clutter of mother hens and twitter of chicks and crow of chanticleer. Low of cows, and neigh of horse, and the goats' mournful cry, and occasionally the shrill whistle of a distant work ing train. - Babble and bubble of pots, and flutter of Happing clothes. And, though the bush gave but few sounds, yet there was the swish-swish of- leaves lightly stirred by the breezes above ; the sharp cry of parrots darting over, ©r the loud discordant lausfhof the goburra. Bnt it was hot with that; terrible coaceatrarioa of heat which only i3 found in n confined space, surrounded by miles of bush. Well might Mrs. Graham wipe her beaded brow aad complain that head and hand could hardly endure the infliction. 'An' hoo that poor waJre cratur gits along beats me,' remarked Mrs. O'Brien in a lower tone, glancing at a young woman who eat at the door of a tent which was pitched right under the boughs of the trees at the edge of the bush.. ? It's the speerit, thaf s what it is. But she's that wake — och !' And kindly Kathleen O'Brien emphasised her remark with upturned hands and eyes. Its subject Eat in b listless attitude, the effect of the heat ; yet with busy hands darning a little red frock. The cause of her weakness lay upon her knee — a babe oi perhaps a month old — and by her side played a boy of 3 years of age — a boy with sturdy limbs and rounded form, with y«llew hair, blue eyes, red full lips, &Ed; roses on his cheeks — a boy with dimples in his chic, and little peachy folds of flesh about his neck and wrists. X ooy with a voice of broken melody and a heart bubbling' over with kisses. Just a baby boy, mothers, 'who any one of you would like to take iu your arms and kiss back again — love for love. Bis mother thought him worth kissing as sbe sat there, a pale slight woman, with a grave face lit by a gentle smile. The boy hung upon her knee and kissed the tiny babe. ' Wanky 'ores sissie/ he said. ' Dood ittie sissie/ * Franky will always lore sissie, won't be ?' the mother asked. ? Franky will always be good to sissie ?' 'Oh, 'es. Wanky div her new boots,' and he held his little leather-shod foot in perilously-close proximity to the bit «f pink fiesh that was the baby's cose. ' An' hoo's the bairn the noo, distress Deaa ?' ' Shure, Franky, me buachail, whin kisses are going, ye'll give one to me.' So the two neighbors who had crossed the camp to speak to Mrs. Dean. Ere she had tirae t« reply a shrill cry rent the air, and a girl sprang wildly out fro» the bush. 'Fire, fire, fire!' she cried. And they had to catch her and hold her still by force to get any otber explanation than, those fearful words from her lips. The tents poured out their occupants — a dozen frightened women, some dozen more of big boys and girls, and about twenty little ones, from 10 years of age downward to Sirs. O'Brien's baby, the youngest there' buu Jessie Dean's new baby. I\bt a man among thean ; they were all at woru; miles away. The girl said the fire was rushing rapidly up the hillside from a valley not; a quarter of a mile away, and coming straight toward them. All between them and it was fallen, dead wood, dried leaves, and scrub, she said. Ti«e women looked at one another in dismay. They Saiew the danger welL But this was a time foe action, not for talking. ' Seed the children on the line. Tneyll be safer there.' It was Kathleen O'Brien's suggestion, and it 'was immediately acted upon. All the younger children were seated upon the line, with strict injunc tions to stay there, and not to move away for any reason. i.-hatever. Then away rushed the women and older children for the scene of the firs ; for wksat would became of those frail canvas tents if theriiames once reached them they knew too trail. One womaa there was who did not go with ttie rest, Jessie Dean. At the tirae of the alarm she 'was just gone inside to lay the sleeping baby down, for a tie had not rightly caught the purport of the cry which had drawn her neighbors from her, and all the other women instinctively spared to tell her. But she came out again just as the last boy ran by her into the bush. As he ? passed he told her that the Sxe was upon them, and that all the camp were gone to beat; it back. He told her nothing of the chil dren on the line. Jessie stood bewildered. What ought she to do ? Certainly not stay here and let her neighbors run all tlie risk for her. But the children. She supposed that the other women had taken theirs with them. But then hers were so young, they would but be in the way. Finally she called Fvanky to her side and bade him sit. by his little sister, and never leave her till she came back. ? franky will be good and -rock her if she wakes, and mother will kiss her little boy when she comes back.* 'Es Wanky will. Me tis sissie too.' And blissfully ignorant of the danger the little fellow planted himself on, a little stool by the tiny cot. His mother followed the other woman to the post of danger, led easily by the smoke and the sound of their excited voices. Then ensued a scene of intense exertion and stern battle. They worked with a will. But the fire had been gathering volume in the low unseen valleys, and came up the hill with mighty force and speed. When, .they attacked it in a. body in front it gained on them at the sides, threatening to encompass them and cut off their retreat ; *nd when they spread wide along its front they were not strong enough to cope with it. Women fell, and were dragged away by others from the very jaws of the flames, which sent out snaky tongues to lick them back. Workers had to sit down to cough, choking, with smoke right in the line of the flames. Children fainted from the over-exertion, and 'had to be carried back. Again, and again a woman's cotton skirt caught fire, and was dragged off and trodden under foot. . There were scorched faces, blinded eyes, and burned hands, but at last the brave little band ha4 gained their purpose. They had beatea back the flames on the top of the hill, and diverted the fire into a course lound its base, which would carry it past the camp. Jaded they turned to come home, thankful for the mercy which had given them strength in dire need. Ah ! what ?was that cloud behind them. Immediately there was oae co»mon soream-^-'The tents!' 'The tents!' '' ?,. . ' It was too true. While they had been working so hard in front, the ruthless flames had crept rouad the base of the hill and stolen like any insidious human foe into the yery .heart of their homes. With a simultaneous cfjr of agonj, the, Tromen flew oveE the ground; but whose .speed was like tkat of Jessie D,ean ? Her baby ; oh ! her baby and her little IPranky. She had told him to stay in the tent, and well she* knew her child would obey her. She had bade him stay, for death to seize him in this horrible form. It was her own doing.; ? ' Ah, the sight that met the horrified eyes of the l!k|e band. Every tent waa on fire. Even the clothes upon the linesi were burning; and upon the railway line Etood the K-*r of young children erying in terror for .their mothers. There was nought to be done. The women sat down upon ' the etones and took their tallies tn their' arms*?' and the boys and girls made an ineffectual effort to save something from the flames. But Jessie Dean. She shot one quick look among the groups of children, and then ? . They never knew how it was done?- but two or three women held her struggling form on the : very edge of the mass of fierce flame which had been her tent ; and so nearly had she been into it that her skirts were on fire by the contact. ' Oh, Franky ! Oh, my baby !'- 'Holy saints! Why, she's left the childer there. Oh, whisht, Alanna! Whisht. Shure they're in glory, now/ ' Ma dearie, och, ma dearie. Th« God be guid tae thee i' thy sair strait the noo.' Jessie lay in. the pitying arms which were about hor, with wide stony eyes opened against the biasing sun, and moaned as if her life would go with every word, 'My children, where are my children.* Then, cut of a mud puddle some 12ft square, which hiid been made by rain falling into a hole whence clay was taken for an embankment, came an answer which made every heart leap and beat. A little voice, such a silvery voice, cried out, * Here I is, mammy, an' sissie, too/ And sure enough, out of that waterhole stepped a little dripping figure, coated in red etay, but the yellow curls and the laughing eyes and dimples were all there, and to his breast he held, close pressed, a dirty,, tumbled bundle, inside which was a soaked and dripping baby, with its thumb in its mouth. ' Here I is.mammy,' shouted the boy. ' Don't oo c'y, mammy. Ittie sissie's all yight. I tooted her out o' de cot cos de fire was tummin inside. Oo'll not beat Wanky, mammy. He didn't be a bad boy dis time/ Jessie lifted her head at that sweet voice, stared for one moment as they put the children into her arms with wise craft, and barst into tears. Those tears saved the nearly tottering reason. The little boy told his tale afterward, as at night he sat on his father's knee in the gunyali the men had extemporised for shelter when they came home. ' Sissy, she was s'eepin', an* I yocked her, an' yocfeed her. It dot all 'mokey in a tent an' all 'mokey out a tent, an* fire kep* tumnain in under neef ; an.' fire turn, in a door. Mammy say, ? 'top dere,' but fire would burn, ittie sissie ; so I call out, ' Oh, mammy, 'et me go, an' I cally sissie out' ; an' it so hot, I flightened fire turn after me, an' I det in a water an' hold sissie up till mammy home. Dat all, pappy.* That little yellow-haired boy wondered ever after, much as he loved kisses, what all the women meant by hugging him as they did that night, and why they all cried while they kissed him. But his wise little mother told him byand bye that it was because Franky was a good boy and loved his sissie as he ought to do. And so they never spoiled him by letting him know that he was a. hero to his world. But I dare say a wider world will hear of him one day yet. Do you not think so too ? I may add here that this is no jsiere fiction, but is a circumstance which actually occurred, although its surroundings are sonaewhat altered to suit the character of my tale. But a child of 3 years or age did in the manner I have jsaen tioaed rescue an infant from death by fire. 