Autumn Dress Materials. Messrs. David Jones and Co. are now showing their early shipments of autumn dress materials, which include many varieties of woollen goods, all in excellent taste. There are revivals of patterns of several years ago in the large checks, but the mixture of colours is -new, and the blending of silk in the plush and velvet stripes and figures which ornament the fancy portion gives especial softness, and at the same time a richness in effect, which is in ad vance of previous seasons. The ruling colours in the selec tion now under notice are undoubtedly brown and gray. The former includes the many shades from the deepest seal brown to the light tan tints, and is varied by divisions into red-browns, orange-browns and tabac shades. The gray includes steel gray, electric, the goblin or ghost gray, and the tints shading into date or mouse colour. Besides these the navy blueiolds a good place, and reds are not forgotten. Crimson, or the poppy shade of deep red, is found in com bination with bine and brown. One class of woollen stuffs, designed expressly for tailor made or close-fitting gowns, is in small checks, the mate rial a sort of tweed. Crimson and black, royal blue and brown, two shades of brown, two shades of gray, are the prominent mixtures. The checks vary from the hairline to bars crossing at half -inch intervals ; in Eome of these a small flake of white is introduced. The material is of fine quality and finish, admirably adapted for travelling house, or walking costumes. Amazon cloth is a special material for autumn and winter wear; the gowns ate intended to be made of checked and plain cloth combined ; the checked portion is in two shades of guard's red, the darker having the cross thread of navy blue ; the third check is of blue ; the checks are from two to three inches square, and with this is plain navy blue cloth. One variety is of shaded brown and blue, the checks broken by lines of red ; this is made up with plain brown ; the material is exceedingly good, and the costumes, as shown in the fashion plates, are elegant and becoming ; the checked portion being arranged for facings and panels, and so disposed as not to destroy the outlines of the figure. For any but very slight figures checked materials require most careful arrangement, and this has been studied in the models 6hown. The Amazon cloths are also obtainable in plain colours only, and in certain shades will find ready favour with gentlewomen, and with those whose supply of gowns is restricted in number, as a self- coloured gown is less noticeable than one where contrasts are used. The serges this season are in numerous patterns. One variety i6 checked with three shades of silk across the material, and three shades of plush in stripes; this make is in all colours and plain serge is sold with the checked. One rough serge, like frieze, has stripes of colour in groups, dark green with red, royal blue and white, deepest navy blue and yellow, brown and tan ; the light colour is in stripes a quarter of an inch wide, in groups of four. For yachting or tennis frocks, theBe would be very suitable, particularly in clubs where special colours are adopted by the members. One material, the herring-bone pattern, has raised stripes in tuftod silk ; the stripe is formed of seven lines, light and dark shades alternately, the tints well toned, and the effect very good. Another variety of serge has stripes of chenille in the same shade, arranged in groups of three, with a silk line between ; this in deep claret, brown, or blue, looks very handsome. The Sanglier cloth, a broad diagonal, double width, with horizontal stripes in oriental colouring, and of graduated widths, is very effective; the broadest stripe is at the lower edge, and is of five sets of the pattern, the next four, the third three and the fourth a double row, each stripe bordered with a tufted line in a contrasting shade. This material is doubly advan tageous, as from the width the striped portion can be used either as woven or for panels, with the stripe the full length of the skirt. One piece of sapphire blue ground had the striped design in gold, green, and black, each edged on both sides with a line of Sultan. Another diagonal has a portion with vertical stripes of plush, to be used as trimming with the plain cloth. A third variety is a material of silk and wool in Indian colours and design, upon which stripes of ribbed plush are woven at intervals of two inches. This used as under-skirt, vest, and trimmings, with plain cashmere, serge cloth, or velveteen, would make very hand some walking or reception gowns. Of special attraction for a reception toilette is a very fine homespun, soft and yielding to the touch, without a trace of harshness, which is frequently found in this mate rial. The fancy portion is for the front of the skirt and vest, and consists in a very elaborate floral design in piush and frise silk, the colour dark heliotrope, the ornamental part forms a band across the lower edge, about nine inches deep, and from this five floral bands spring, and extend the full length of the skirt, tapering as'., they rise; the sides and back are loosely draped, and the tight-fitting jacket bodice has h, vest of the plush. This style is in four coloui-6, and will, it is believed, be very quickly appropri ated by ladies. For cloth dresses there is one kind in which four shades of the material are woven in stripes three inches wide— 6ay dark brown as the ground colour, and shading nearly to tan.- This striped part is used to border the skirt round, and also in folds to form a panel the full length of the skirt on the right side. The vest is also of the shaded part, the lightest nearest to the throat. The strictly waterfall back ib no longer so fashion able, and deep loops of the back drapery are arranged so as to show a lining of the striped part within the plain. These striped and checked materials., as described on paper, may seem startling and conspicuous in appearance ; but when seen, the colours arc so excellently blended that all glare is avoided, and combinations which to the ear imply for midable effects of colour, offensive to good taste, are really, through, the skill with which the shades are arranged, vn such good style and so free from any approach to vulgarity that they commend themselves to all who have refined and artistic notions of dress. Strasburg cloth, which is a material like stockingette, but without yts elasticity, promises to to be well patronised during the season ; it is in all colours, has a bright smooth finish, and combines \yell with velvet or plush trimmings. The above will convince country readers that in this important department Messrs. David Jones and Co. will maintain their reputation. The stock in quantity and quality has been most carefully selected, the prices are moderate, and there is every justification for the warm support of the public. 