LADIES' COLUMN BECIFE FOB H03IE HiPPE>2SS. Dear" Householders," come draw all your chairs around. Never mind turning down the gas,' I'm not \going to talk of ghosts or goblins: I merely want th have a comfor table little chat with yon all and tell you how much I enjoy your little circle. This is my first appearance among you and I shall tell you why. I have not the time to make all the pretty things you suggest (I wish I had!) and my experience in that ling being very limited you would not derive much benefit from the iittle I could tell you. In regard to household duties I am cot mnch better fixed —don't smile— but would it interest any of you to know how to try to make the very smallest piece of butter do for a good sized dish of mashed potatoes? Or how to try to make a hat that has already braved two seasons look bright and new for these sun shiny days ? No, you would all laugh and shrug your shoulders. But let me tell you one thing, not malapropos here: If you should have to wear an eld hat this season admire those of others and don't think of your own. You cannot see it and your friends do not appreciate you for the style of your headgear, while strangers will never take the trouble to look at it, so where are the odds if you are happy? Still who knows but what relief may be near at hand ! Perhaps, in the same machine that they put in earth and turn out bread, we may be able to throw in an old hat. turn the crank, and lo ! behold! the daintiest, cutest little bonnet of the season, that just stands three inches higher than our very best friend's too—what jay un told 1! Bat jsst aside—it is a great thing to be happy when we cannot have things as we want them—when we see nothing before us but work, work, never ending work and our very life seems but a dreary waste. I know it is very hard to be contented then ; hard to see the bright side of those clouds whose very blackness chills us to the heart; hard to meet eome troubles with a brave face; bard to be jostled along by the unheeding crowd, when your heart yearns for one kind word to cheer your drooping conrage, but does it console us auy to think how hard our lot is ? Not a bit of it, it makes matter,, worse, in fact it takes the good out of the little we have. We all have some place we call" home," and it ought to be our one great aim to [make that home bright and happy, And tell me what makes home happier than a pleasant face? A face just rippling in smiles of good nature is, I think the brighest thing on earth; it makes us for get our troubles and eases pain. One face I have met in my life I shall never forget it; it was not a pretty face; no, it was just the opposite, for it had not one redeeming feature,bat It was a face briming over with j sympathy and good humor, and in my ! estimation it was the most beautiful face I have ever seen. So in garnishing your homes with all the pretty things you describe aud making yonr tables tempting with those daint}-, inviting dishes, don't forget to pnt the finishing touch of a bright and happy face. Yon may tell me that it all very we'l to talk, but that it iB very hard to look pleasant when you've spent the morning in a warm kitchen over a hot stove, and perhaps burned your fingers in the bargain. I know that, but you should try and-look pleasant, and let me tell you, your husbands -and brothers enjoy a simple dish of steak and potatoes, with a plesaant smile for a back ground, better than all those dainties if they were not accompanied by a similar dressing. This is my only recipe for decorating a home but I know it is a good one, and if yonwonld all try it yon would soon find it quite suc cessful. -Don't be disoonraged if you do not succeed at first bat next time redouble ybur effort, for we know " Man's value on what's won is set, God values the endeavor." ' 