FICTION. From Baili «tit Am «lena, mid Other Periodical«, THE LOST DARLING, CHAP. XXI.-(Continued.) Regina was laughing and crying in a breath. "' Indeed, sir, I'm not a dream," she declared, as sooVi as she could speak. " I'm Regina Ellerslie Fayson, and mamma is up stairs this moment. And, oh, Pen, it does seem like a dream. I'm afraid I shall go craay with joy." Pen laughed rather nervously as h^ held her from 'hinf a moment for inspection, then clasped her close again. " You wouldn't have known me if I hadn't kissod you," asserted Regina, and Pen declared he took her for an angel. "Have you recovered your temper, sir ?" wag the next saucy but slightly anxious question. Pen lifted the sweet face and looked in her eyes, half pained yet by that old memory, the sorrowful separation at Weston, '< If you know how the recollection of my unkind ness that night has haunted me ever since," he said. " I believe only the hope of finding you kept it from driving me out of mj senses." Regina's soft, warm hand touched his cheek caressingly. " Never mind, dear j I was bad, too." .> " My procious pet, I resolved if I ever found you I would never, so long as we both lived, assert any- thing so preposterous of you again." '"You acknowledge, then, that it was prepos- terous ?" questioned she, shyly. " Preposterous even if truo," asserted Pen saucily. 'Regina winced a little and Bhut her eyes ; then, with a determined air opened them again. " Pen," she said, " will you give mo your word never to mention Mr. Havershain's name again if I'll do the same." , "I reckon that is tho only way we can settle it. Ye3," promised Pen. *? " Pen, you must promise me something else, and ' you are so good natuied I know you will." " Well-but don't be too sure," " Don't say ' reckon' before mamma. If you knew how she has laughed, at me for saying it. She says I am terribly Yankeefied." _ Pen did show his good nature by laughing at the criticism ; butjhe showed, too, that he was a little annoyed, by saying : " Mis. Ellerslie will not like me, I'm afraid, if she calls you Yankeefied. Have you told her-" " What a ridiculous performance our getting married was. Not I. It was ridiculous, Pen, but I've never been sorr3* a minute. We might have been separated forever if you had not takan that precaution to slyly slip the marriage noose over both our necks." " I should never have dared if I had known What a great and wealthy English heiress you were." Regina laughed and colored. " I'm nothing of the kind," she said. " While I was in New York I lost the papers which would ?liave legally established my identity." " Lost thom ?" " Yes." " You didn't come and bring tkem to me the second night after you arrived in New York ?" said Pen, producing the mysterious bag, with the bit of ribbon still attached, which she knew at once. " Oh, Pen, wh«re did you find them ?" she cried, in a rapture of wonder. " I didn't find them at all. You brought them to me." "I ? I never did. I looked everywhere forthem, and never could imagine how I lost them. I wore them tied round my neck all the time, you* know." " Either you or your ghost brought them to me." ""Sou may be sure it was my ghost, then," Regina asserted, positively. Pen took a long breath, and shook his head in rueful perplexity. He then told her all he knew about her bag of papers. When he had finished, thè.matter remained as great a mystery as ever. But afterward, when Regina was telling the story of her travels, she chanced to mention the poor little delaine dress that had come to such grief, and had dismayed her one morning with such a mysterious rent down half the length of its front breadth. " I shall always think I tore it in my sleep," she said, laughing ; " and, oh, Pen, it was the same .morning I missed those papers !" . yPen stared at her ¡ then a light broke over his handsome face. ? "^ " I believe you did it all in your sleep," he said, in a startled way. " I've heard of such things, and you used to get up in your sleep, you know, at home." Regina looked at him with au awed expression a perplexed one, too. " It almost seems to me I remember," she said, anxiously. " Pen, it makes me afraid of myself." And then taking his face between her kands, and looking at him steadily, she said solemnly : " Pen, dear, that was how it was that night that you saw me with linn. I was asleep all the time, and the wretch took advantage of it to vex you." " My darling, I believe that was just the way of it. What an idiot I was not to guess it before." And then Pharez came to say that Mrs. Ellerslie begged them to come to her. She had waited" patiently two hours. Two hours ! And the two regarded each' other Tronderingly. Could it be so long ? " Poor mamma ! She must miss me so. Come, Pen !" The pair went up to Mrs. Ellerslie hand in kind. She, poor loving lady, had been crying, and was trying to hide it. She would have met Pen coldly if she could, bub not even her jealous heart could I resiet those bright, frank eyes, the eager, warm clasp of the two hands Pen extended. " I don't want to like you at all, sir," the lady said, between laughing and crying, and looked BO exceedingly like Regina as she spoke that in- voluntarily Pen kissed her. " But you do, mamma ! And isn't he handsome P -the dear old Pen ! He belongs to you and me, mamma, mind that ; and he has found those papers I was so senseless as to lose." "Has he, indeed?" exclaimed Mrs. Ellerslie, joyfully, and then Pen showed them to her. " Aro they sufficient, do you think ?" questioned Mrs. Ellerslie, wistfully. " I have already shown them to your family solicitor, and he pronounces thom everything that is necessary." , " Why, that must have been what took Pharez up to London." I " It was." 'I And he never told me." "Vour nephew was good enough to permit me to bo the bearer of the news." " Ah ! ho is always so thoughtful. Ho has been like a son to me." Later, when there was a suitable opportunity Regina told her cousin Pharez all there was to tell of his mother's death. He was much affected, for discordant as their intercourse had been of late years, he had loved her her with a passionate affection. 