fllovelist. DAYS OF CRIME AND YEA RS OFSUFFERING. An AOTOBiOGBAPHY, Mi iEoprinted from ' Tho Australasian' of j'', 1867 by spocial. permission.) CHAPTER' XIV. : ?NBWOAXB. i iNawgata._. How suggestive the very word I ? '/What associations cluster ronnd the name I 'p. How. tho heroes of tho far-famed ' Calendar ' \- ' Start into life at tho very sound, and are -ii;visioned before us in all their pristine glory I , How it bears tho memory back to the good ?' ,! !old times, and begets a rovorenoo for r ' The grand old law, the simple plan, ' ' That ho should take who has the power, And he should keep who oan.' , Ghosts ghdo before us as wo breathe the mystio ByllableB, and Claudo Duval, Captain Moheath, Jonathan Wild, and Jaok Sheppard acem, in tho spirit, prosont. N'owgato I thou groat school for tho improvement of tho mind upon \- tho mutual instruction system; thou world of rooondito mysteries; thou teacher of un ' known tongues ; with thy choieo precepts ? and thy porfeot examples, with thy philo sophical theories and thy daily praoticcs, how ' i many a youth hast thou filled with a spurious and misdirected emulation, and been the means of raising to tho most exalted Btation, thy records ohronicling his fame, and tho mansion itself becoming his mausoleum 1 More than onc9 havo I trodden thy passages where Bleep tho dead in theis unepitaphed notoriety, and I havo thought of the poot's words and found it easy to bcliova that thero might rest' ' 'Somo heort once pregnant with celestial ; firo; _ Hands whioh the rod of empire might havo Bwayod, Or waked to ecstacy the living lyre.' ; I, have often heard it said that simplicity t.„jihdiild.be twin to greatness, and I nover .. yas so forcibly struck with tho truth of this remark as when tho liveried footman of Her ,(! Majesty's oarriago banded mo out at the door of Newgate. Ihadeeon tho outside of biio or two of the modern— or model, if you. Like — palatial seminaries for ethical tution, : - ? and the meretrieioBB mannor in which they .wore deoked out appeared to mo to bo a Bort 'i- 'of carved commentary upon thoir own woak 'I naess. But hero, how different I No wide ..portals replete with architectural ornamenta tion were opanod for my reception. A little ... wooden wiokot turned on its hinges, and in a moment tho busy street was behind me, and a turnkey, a soaond Daniel Lambert in . eizo, stood before mo with a not unploaeant . amila upon his face, In those days photo ... gropby was not in the service of tho- prison, and so my porsonal appearance and previous ,, ...history had to be sketched with pon and ink. This was done instantcr — five feet eoven and ' . ,« half, Blondet, light brown hair, grey eyes, ? lair comploxioB, road and write, Protestant; 't'.' Born at Pinohloy, Middlesex, oge sixteen, ?' orioe in' prison bolore for vagrancy, congenital brown mark on right Bide near uppor ribB — ' ahd the' pioturo ' waB complete. I was then , . .introduced to tho recoption ward, whore tSjjsto wore already throe inmates. 1 was by ' po' means appalled by tho look ot the place. hai been familiar worse in my nonpro ! (1',-!cBBibUtZ days. There was accommodation , for nine, if my memory servos mo .'p, rightly. The slopping berths wero oontainod in a threo ntoriod frame, and tbero wero throe rugs and a mat to each berth. Tho j.f. ? ward contained a (Iro-place, but tho wcatbor !!?! being warm thero was of course no fire. Over ? mtha fire place was a bust rudely carved, which no my companions assured me was a traditional v ):;£ikenetd of Jack Shoppard. Above this was rMid lorge board, on which wns a painted notice ;that any defacing or injury of tho books ?rr plaecd in the ward would meet with puuish moot. , What books wore referred to I cannot v.' sftjr.jfor I nevor saw any, except in chapel, . enduring my sojourn in tho prison. Thero was i a dietary salo hanging up by the sida of tho ? ! ward door, and a glance nt thia convincod me that tho turtlo-loving civic authorities s. . had 'frnmpd .it in n sympatbetio spirit. H should liko,,to mimitoly record thoir i.j '(generous:; billr'ot faro, but my memory ' treaohsrOus. I know that tho ki!! ,gruel was nioo and sweot, that tho broad was (good, and the meat and potatoes satisfying. ; u;,'£The prcoise quantities I oannot now speoify. f. I only paused ono night in tho recoption ward, and this I spent listening to tho narrations of my companions, two of whom wero in for passing counterfeit coin, and the other for picking pookots. I must admit, howovor, that their Ianguago for tho most part was in comprehensible to mo. Tho piokpocket do ecribod how ho fanned a bloak's kick, and thon touohed him of n dummy ; that tho bloftk tumbled anil gayo out tho pay ; that ho mado traoks like winkon ; that tho bloak con tinued to givo beefmont ; that a flat Btoppod him, and handed him over to a orushor; that ho had slung tho dummy ; that tho bloak rapt hard against him, and so ho was fulliod to tho start, and was Buro to got Bovon stretch on account of hia formers. Tho two for tho bad money talked about being out of date, smashng half bulls and counters, ringing tho changes, (to. I told them I didn't know tho meaning of all their terms, and so, laughing at my greepness, they explained everything to me. I in my turn astoniahod thom with somo of my own doings, and they Boon do olarod I was no flat after all. In this man ner passed my first night in Newgate. Tbonext morning, after tho medical officor had oxaminod mo, I was plaood in ono of tho ordinary day-wards of tho prison. Tho ward , with tho excoption of boing largor, was in all respects tho samoas tho reception-ward. Thdro was the fire jilace, and tho painted board with tho cook notioe, tho raek Bleoping berths, tho mats and tho rugs. Thero wore also two ta bles and four forms, which I romomber ex ceedingly woll, as tho forms wore used for draught-boards, and tho tables for playing at ahove-balf-ponny, buttons being UBed instead of halfpence. Thero wero not moro thon fifteen prisoners in tho ward, nnd when I en tered, eight of those wero employed ot a well known prison gamo called ' ooddem.' As I was well-dressed and differed a good deal in appearance from tho gonornl inmates of tho place, attention'was immediately directed to wards me. _ I can boar tostimony both to the i'-eal and skill of somo of my companions, for before I hid beon in the wnrd an hour my silk handkerchief, whioh I aftorwarda ascertained v.'M a ' belaher,' had changed ownership, having been adroitly filched from my pookot by somo light-fingored artist in the 'dipping' lino of tho profession. I mado a virtuo of necessity, and bore tho loss good- humoredly, and as I oonld tell a good story ,*I soon becamc quito a favourite with my companions. My priBonacquaintanoeswero by no means limited to those confined in the same ward with mo, for when we wero out in tho airing-yard, which we wero half tho day, tho inmates of three or four yards wero together. I don't protend that my virtue waB muoh alarmed at the scones I daily moved among ; but I oortainly was as tonished that proceedings suohas I witnessed hour after hour should ba allowed in a pri son. Publioly in tho airing-yards lesBona in crime wore zoalously taught on tho mutual instruction prinoiplo. The burglar aketohed upon tho prison pavement tho instruments of his trade, and, with fluent tongue, explained thoir various uses. Tho shop-uf tor oxplained the various methods by whioh his branoh of tho profession might bo profitably pursued. The pickpocket was moro apt in deed than in word, and gave practical instructions in ' buzzing.' In short I havo no hesitation in saying that tho zeal of tho professors in this collogo was so untiring, tho mothods of in struction so varied and so opt, tho knowledge imparted so extended, that any person with ordinary intellect would, after a term or_ two, bo qualified for a degree. Two prisoners specially dovotod themselves to me. One was a young man not much over twonty, good-looking, tolerably woll dressed, but altogether without education, understanding the word moroly in its achoIoBtio senao. He was ono of tho most export piokpockets in London, and was known as ?' Sullivan tho Wire.' Tho other was a middlo-aged man ; had boon threo times transported, and boosted of it; knew overy cant term of tho prison, and could do something in all tho branches of prigiam ; waB a shrewd man of tho world with a fair amount of intelligence-; was a clever sophist in attempting to justify crime ; carried on business in London as a 'fonoo'; was awaiting trial for receiving stolen property, but, for want of suflioient evidence, was suro to bo acquitted. Theso two companioHs wero apt teachers, the ono giving practical IeosonB, and the othor en forcing with n dangerouB plausibility his favorito theories. Many an hour Sullivan busied himself with an earnestness worthy of a better cause in instructing mo how to pick pockets. Ho was an adopt at the busi ness himself, and by constant practice I soon beoamo as export as ho was. I have nover exoroiBod my skill for my own profit in tho world except on one ocoasion, when, having had my pocliot book taken from mo on tho Melbourno racecouroo by ono of a party of threo, I followed them into a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had recovered my property and omptied thoir poakets into tho bargain, a regular 'diamond-out-diamond' affair. My other Nowgato oompanion — Johnson tho fenoe— was, in his teaohings, of a far mora dangerous oharaoter. In favor ot orimo ho advanced tho samo sort of argu mont that had oaqurred to myself. But thero wob this difference between ub, however cun ningly I might ontanglo myBolf inmy own sop hisms, I was nevor completely deoeived by them, but always had an innate conviction of thoir falsity. With JohnBon it was other wise. His mind was so utterly warped that ho bolieved as ho argued, and bad no viBion of tho truth whioh lay beyond his own per nioious dootrincs. Faith, dither in the falao or tho true, begets earnestness; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teaoher, and, as a result, mado many proBolytea. Ilia argu monta on myself wero thrown away, for I havo nover confounded vice with virtuo, or attempted to justify to myself tho evil I havo oommitted. JohnBon's knowlodgo of cant I largoly availed myself of, and if I am now an authority in techniaal terms it ia owing to hia teachings. I oomposed several flash songs for tho great master linguist, to bo sung in the prison yard, but I now turn from them myself with loathing, and oannot supposo that the reader would do otherwise. There com positions wero moro ourioua than edifying. It waB thus that I passed tho timo in New gitc. But what could bB expeotod? Tho activities ot the mind will employ themselves, and in the absenoo of everything good they are sure to occupy themselves with evil. With no books, no osoupation of any kind, it is not muoh to bo wondorod at that I and my fellow-prisoners discussed orimo in all its ramifioationB, and worn daily fitting ourselves for still moro guilty doeda on our return to the world than thoao for whioh wo wero thon awaiting onr doom. Thoro was no attempt at classification, and as for oomo reason or the othor the mon were frequently changed from ward to ward, by tho timo the sessions commencod I had mado tho acquaintanoc of nearly overy committod pri soner in tho gaol. I thus had tho oriminal character boforo mo in n variety of its phaaoa ; and, young as I was, and quite as oriminal as any there, I analysed it with a kind of philo sophical interoBt. Among tho rankest weods there wero still flowers struggling for exist ence—in tho natures tho most dopravodi re deeming traits wero to bo found. Most of the crime around me was of prison growth, and tho fountain- heads whonco flowed all; its stroams wore ignoranco and poverty. { ( To he continued. ) ' j , Dion Bouoicault bos been telling that his slender waist anil youthful air duo to al ways rlsiiiR from the tablo hungry. Mr. Oergo W. OliildS has a complexion like a fresh apple, and ho seldom cats anything nt the great dinners ho gives, and touches neither tc.i nor coffee,— Sohsible man I j . 