ANOTHEIi EMBEOGLIO. \- — ^ ? Sir, — Interdiction has again broken out, this time in a fresh place, with startling virulence, in 6pite of all the good advice^ sage counsel, exhortation, medical comfort^ change of air and scenery. No alternative now remains lint. t-- ho hnna,! ,!?„.. „_ _ long sea voyage to suppress and extermi nate this horrible hydra. The calm lullaby that intervened the period of departure and return of the storm-cloud during that rapid rolling flight northward was most miracu lously aud happily disturbed by the exult ant shout of ' Gold :' Poor Cinderella, aroused by the joyous sound, for a time forgot her troubles, and in fancy joined the Fair Maid of Perth in festive dance in honor of the happy omen. AH hearts were bounding by day, all eyes were brightly beaming, And through night's dusky shade of nug gets were all dreaming. But time, so sweet, was streng in flight. Too soon there caaie the day when interdic ^ - J - in - -I--., t .. :tion opened his moutb,'aud up his sleeve did say, 'Oh yes! oh yes! I oh yes III Be it known unto all men, women, and ch&L-; ; ren (babies in aims excepted), that daring; My will and pleasure dearly beloved Anstey and Leake shall have and shall hold* as happy hanting-gHHuid for gold, all those TOgarn Hills and Dales extending some 3tt miles in one direction aad some 15 miles in another (about the width I will not bother), in all about 60,000 acres, as marked and. fen4- vVtB*f-l« \\\\-rr MFW .ini ? 11 it Am /'fcnM DahaI Government map, the Lakes of Deborah inclusive, with tfae rigfet to use patent inoveaHe boundary-posts and pegs. And, furthermore be it known that Should anyone covet or look He shall be hanged by hook or crook, III witness thereof We hereto cause Our mark muma! to be placed.** Tell me my noble colonial churns^ is: tfacr» no balm in Downing, or some other street s is tile digger's occupation gone ? What says. Inderdiction? A vaunt, and quit my sight, give place to singed eats ! Shall we go. to Trafalgar-square, my pathetic souls, my W.A/b ? Colreavy's ghost complains and shakes his head whilst ire deliberate in. cold1 debate. Full many an aching head goes ttnznp, ihunjp, thump, and cries aloud for 'Gold.' Lefs to the field t ' Gold and glory' shall be tfae cry j marching on to tfae old tune of Cheerily ply the* pick and spade and rock the cradle £**» Lumps of gold will enr up trade and all 11 be rich at last. Faithful to the end, QUABTZ FOS5ICESR, 