Thtt Storyteller. A TIiriHinjr Adventure. Lv:t in' fell ynu of «n adventure which I mice hart with a wild boar in the Phili I line Islands, near the foot of one ofthe filtrli mountains overshadowing the Londns. I bad liuuted the aniiual ill Germany, and had a great desire to see wniii. me I'uinpine imsr was use. 'One evening Ehn-.Tala, the trader in wooden ware, called upon me with in telligence that on lj is return from a visit in one of the mountain tribe?, he had peen a number of wild hoars, aud was confident that t.liey might he fouud there at any time. He told me, further, that be had informed Kiardan of the fact, aud that be would be glad to accompany me. This Kiardan is a Tagal, residing at Loudon, and one of the best hunters I liave found amonir that people; and, moreover, be was thoroughly acquainted with the habits of tbe wild boar. Suffice it to say, ou the following morning Kiardan reported to me, mounted iipou a good strong horse, aud armed with bis boar spear and stout knife. Those were the only weapons lie ever used against that heast, and in his hands they were sufficient : though I fear I should have made but a sorry figure with them. He had brought with iiirn a companion weil versed in wood- j draft, and I tool: with me two of my ser vants who had h id considerable ex perience in the forest. We reached the place in the forest where Klin-Jala had seen the and within thrje minutes from the moment ou which our eyes hud first rested upon the sign— au old broken tree — which tbe trader bad given us I was startled by bearing my companion, Kiardan, give a loud sbmit', and put spurs to his horse, with his spear raised as though for a charge. I had seen nothing, nor bad I heard anything; hut a moment later I discovered that the object which had at tracted bis attention had been shut away from me by au iuterveniug spur of rock. I followed on after him at a moderate pace, not wishing to interfere with his sport : and presently I witnessed 'i sight worth seeing. The boar was a large one, and I could plainly see his great white tusks. He turned as the hunter came towards him, seeming, fur tbe moment, undecided whether lie should tlee or stand. He quickly concluded, however, to flee ; I'ut. he hail waited too long. Scarcely had he turued, when the pur suer wss uiHin hini. With his hnrse at full speed Kiardan let lly his spear. The sharp blade struck the animal directly liehind the shoulder, hurying itself to the shaft. The lmar phi nged on a few yards further, and fell. The hunter was hy his side in a momeut, with his knife in his hand, but he had no occasion to use it. Tbe game was dead. Not a great while after that we came upon a regular troop of tbe animals — six or seveu of them, at least. TheTagals went one way and I went another, never thinking to iooK after mv servants tn see which way they were 'ning. Naturally, I suppo-ed they would follow me: hut it appeared later that they bfid followed one of tile scattering boar.-. However, I had no thought then of anything but the j game I had iu chase. I It so happened that after killing a boar j or two 1 had f:jHen in behind one of those i animals The furei-l wa* open — not a bit j of undergrowth anywhere, aud with ordinary care, and a horse of good sense, there was no trouble iu speeding through it. I cannot say bow far I bad ridden, when I discovered that a second boar had joined the one I was pursuing. There had certainly been but ouewhenlslarted. This second one must have come in on the way. Of course, in that forest chase the boar had the advantage ; for, though the great trees were well apart and the way between them clear, yet they must of necessity have interfered somewhat with a horse and rider, whereas to a boar tbe way would be as clear as ou tbe open ! plain. However, after the second boar came iu I gained on them, and by and by came near enough to risk a shot. My rifle was a single barrel, but a breech-loader, and I had fixed ammunition for it, so that it required but a few seconds to re-load. I told you I had come near enough to risk a shot. The boar had come to the foot of an abrupt rise. It was not high, but what there wae of it wa« steep. As they began the ascent, after having hesi tated a single moment, I brought my horse to a stand and .aised my rifle. The animal nearest to me presented his right side in such a manner that I had a clear sight at the vulnerable spot behind the shoulder, and at that I tired. He plunged forward a step, then stopped, and fell ; * his mate keeping ou up the rise, and passing over upon the far side, out of my sight. Tbe moment the second boar had dis appeared I slipped from my saddle, set my empty rifle against a tree, aud hast ened forward with my knife in my hand, I had seen that the beast was not entirely dead, and I thought to despatch him quickly ; but I was wide of tbe mark. As I came near to him he struggled to his feet— standing upou only three of them— and sent forth a Bcreecb— a squeal ing howl, followed by a succession of quick, sharp, snarling grunts — if you can conceive of such a thing. Hut I did not hesitate. I saw that my bullet must have shattered his shoulder, for the leg hung limp aud powerless, and the crea ture was Buffering. I would put him out of bis miser)' as quickly as possible. I had readied his side, with my knife raised for the death-stroke, when I be came suddenly aware of another presence. I looked up, and saw tbe other boar— a monster — one of the largest any man ever saw— bearing down upon me, bis yellow eyeB flashing, and his enormous tusks gleaming with terrible significance. My first thought was of my horse. To have withstood the assault of that mighty beast, in bis rage, would havebeen simply suicide. I turned towards my horse, and had come very near him, when he, seeing the boar coming, gave a whirl, aud away he went like a streak. There was no time for thought. My life hung upon a second of time. A tree was my only hope. Tbey were all around me, but not one up which I could climb, nor was there a low hanging branch near me. T saw, however, a sapling— a tree not more than three or four inches in diameter — and upon this I caught, leap ing as high as I could, aud my feet were just clear of the ground as the brute rau liis snout against my right bee]. At tbe distance of five or six feet from the earth three little limbs branched out, and these I had strength enough to reach— strength enough to get my legs above them, and there cling for dear life while I caught my exhausted breath. The slender thing bent beneath my weight like a reed, and this was my situation ; my horse gone, my rifle empty, standing against a tree at adistance from me, my knife lying ou tho ground at my feet, let fall as t caught the tree, my only support a sapling that would have utterly gone down under the weight of another man, and a mail boar thirsting forven gence and euger to get at me not two yardB away. Of course, I called for help — called until I was hoarse — hut no answer save the dull echoes of my own voice was ret urncd. St ill 1 called — shouted with all my might; it was my only hope. ; Several times the hoar bad run bia head against the little tree, and auuon he set }ms ugly forehead against it and pushed with all his might. He beut it fearfully, and when lie found it give le-neatl! bis effort he pressed harder. At length he ceased that method, and drew back a p:ice nnd looked up at me. The eight wns horrible. The father of al! demons could not have worn a more evil look. He was a monster — literally so. By aud hy be uttered a savage, vindictive snort, aud made a new attack. He went at the earthat tbe foot of thetree ! Willi the first mass of soil thrown up by his powerful snout I saw that tbe earth arouud the sapling was soft and yielding— a sort of vegetable mould, formed of tbe decaying leaves of ages. When he fouud bow easily tbe soil gave way, he redoubled bis efforts, and in au 'incredibly short space of time several of the upper roots of tbe tree were exposed, tbe smaller ones being broken completely oil. At this rate I should very soon be captured. I couiu see no neip. No help, if my friends did not come. And again, with what voice I bad left, I shouted for tbe succour which alone could save me. But it came not. Ob, bow that demon ploughed in the yielding eartli ! With every suapping root I felt my hold upou life growiug less aud less. He bad dug so deep, aud laid bare so mauy of the principal supports of the tree, that I felt it shake and sway be neath my weight. 1 was looking down, watcbiug him at his work — watching him tug at a root beyond bis power to break — when be ceased for a moment from his effort and looked up at me, aud as ho looked lie shook the dirt from his bristling bead aud face, aud as I saw the dust fly out in a cloud, with those fiery eyes gieaming through it, a new thought flashed upon me. Ay, it flashed like a sudden flare of blinding light. Iu those days I was an iuveterate snuff-taker, aud *1 had my snuff-box iu my pocket, very uearl.v full of the puugent powder. If I could fill the monster's eyes with suutl I might escape. It would blind him, surely. If I would do it, aud make a success of it, I must he bold. I kuew that if I should siart to descend tbe tree tbe brute would sit erect aud gaze at me — he would as sume tbe very positiou I required. You may wonder that I had not thought of this before : but I had uot, and that is all I cau say about it. But I had thought of it now, and I bad streugth and uerve enough left to try tbe experiuieut. I gave a few moiuuMs to the work of calcu lation as to ihow I could best effect |my purpose, ami then went at it. First, I took my haudKercbief and made a loop of it around the tree, into which I could thrust my left baud for eupiiort, leaving me both bauds compara tively free Then I took out my t-ox, and carefully emptied the snuff into tbe palm of my right baud, where I closed my fingers upon it, aud grasped it safely. Then I slipped my arm from the loop of mv handkerchief, aud grasped it iu my left hand. I was used to athletic exer cise, and knew that I could thus easily support my weight. As soou as I ball fairly got my hold upon the loop, I threw my toes over two of the higher brauches, so as to let my.-ell oowu head hrst ; and I kuew that i could reacli low enough to pu t my right hand upon the beast as he stood with his head erect. Down, down, down, slowly aud care fully, and pretty soou tbe ravenous iuoii -ter made a spring towards me. I had been watching for it, aud was prepared to meet him. As his head came up within easy reach, I laid the handful of snuff, with a really dexterous motion, squarely and fairly over both his eyes. O ! what a lime of suortiug aud sneez ing, and snarliug, and gruutiug, and tearing at the cool earth it was. But T did not stop to see, I caught up knife, then ran for my rifle, and then for my horse. I found the animal not far away, patiently waiting for me, though he still showed signs of fear. Suffice it to say, further, before mount ing I reloaded my rifle ; and scarcely ha(i I gained my saddle when my two servants made their appearance. They had been searching for me, they Mid, ' everywhere.' With them in company I returned to the scene of my adventure, where I found my blinded boar still tear ing away in pain aud rage. To kill him uow was easy, and I quickly did it. The other, with tbe broken leg, I fouud only a short distance away, and to him also I administered the coup der/roce. When Kiarden set eyes upon my ad versary, bedeclared. unhesitatingly, that he was the largest and most ugly-looking boar he bad ever seeu. And you may be sure I believed bim. I will only add, I felt that I had killed boars enough for that occasion ; aud leaviug my servants to take charge of the drag, and bring my game aloug after me, I struck the course for home without further delay, I ar rived safely, whole in life and limb ; but it was a Joug time before I entirely re covered from tbe terrible shock of that trying ordeal. High Honors, — The last American mail brings the announcement of the candidacy of the Hon. H. H. Warner, of Rochester, New York, proprietor of War ner's Kafe Remedies, for the office of United States Senator for the State of New York. This office is one of the highest iu the gift of the American peo ple, there being but two United States Senators from the great State of New York, with tbe population of twelve mil lions. The term of office '.is six years. The election is by joint ballot of tbe State Assembly and Senate. The office comes unsought by Mr. Warner, and is convin cing proof of the high regard in which he is held by the people of his native State. r*U0ST-. — An attempt is being made in the old conrji.ry to revive the belief in visitant from another world, and many arc the wonder fu] siorjo thai till some of the journal*. The sceptical miml is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do 1 know that yon are not a bit of undigested bread V for, of all the ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' brend in the most potent. It is a wun dsr. thcrufoie, that people do Dot adopt the syresi spull against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal ]-.ikin'? Powder in making br-ad ; for, although it won't 'raise ghoBlfe,' it will raise bread in ihc. most admiiable iashion. Ev'ry wiw storekeeper bas it by him, and ? ery good hinmewin. buys it. Valuable Discoveky foe the Haib —I your h(iir is fuming grev or white, or falling off, lipe 'The Mexican Hair Bcnewer,' for it will vosilizely restore in every case Grey or White Aat'rto i's original colour, without leav ing the disagreeable smell of mint' IteKtorers.' It m'ikes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well 8K piorooting the growth ot the hair ? n bald spot*-, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Ohmnifi for ''The Mexican Haib He new. ii, 'i M-ld by Chemists and Perfumers ever1, w icre M. 3°. fid. per Bottle. Who] Era!'' P?pr't 32, I JDg'HJQ Road, Londou. Flqmlink ! — foil theTkkth and Bhh \th — A few drops of the liquid 41 FJonlinc'' sprinkled on a wet tootb-brueh produces a pleasant lather, whii'h thoroughly cleanses the t eth frim all pnTws'tes or impurities, hardens the p'cveii'6 tartar, stops decay, gi/cs 'o the teeth a peculiar ptv.rly- whitcnesa, and a delight'nl fragrance to the bre-ith. It removes all unn'e.anant o 'our arising fr'im decaTed teeth or tobaero stnoki*. 11 The Fragrant Floriline,' bcieg ciiii'iiped in nart of Ilvni'y and sweet herbs in delicious to tin; tawtc, and i.ho (jroateat todet din:ov ly of i no ngc. Price 2?. lid., of nil ('tieTii):ip and Pflrrnini!'a. Wliolesa e depot 3.-t, K«rri-'g'lon Hoad, Lm Ion. Tub Grand Hotel. — Splendid accom modation for families, well-furnished auites of roomt-* 