ALMA. CHAPTER XX. SNOB'S GULLY. It was a high old time at Snob's Gully. Ever since the news had come that the Admiral had unearthed a nugget of monster proportions, the township had been in a ferment ; for the claims had struck work, and every man on the diggings had come in to view the Welcome Stranger. There it lay - a huge misshapen mass of dull yellow gold, streaked with veins of quartz. Beauty it possessed not, yet every heart beat high with the hope of one day owning its like. For its exhibition, the largest room in the leading public house had been chartered by the fortunate proprietors of the nugget, and all day long a stream of visitors kept pouring in and out, whilst the traffic in drink and eatables threatened to exhaust the resources of the establishment. Snob's Gully was among the youngest of the gold-fields of that day. The original proprietor was a shoe-maker, hence the euphonius title, which had been bestowed upon it, digger-fashion, by some wit among the shoe-maker's successors. When the original "snob " first drove his pick into the soil, it was a charming gorge between two high mountains, covered with the luxurious vegetation of a primeval forest. A silvery creek wound its placid way through the gully, and tangled masses of creepers hung in festoons from tree to tree. One short month later, the gully was transformed. Trees and creepers had disappeared ; the creek had become a sluggish, yellow drain, and the hill sides were covered with tents and huts of every description. The township - is there not something offensive to the taste in the very expression - the ' township ' was situated at the end of the gully, where it widened out into a ' flat ' and consisted, for the most part, of stores and public houses. Of these, the most pretentious was the Snob's Arms, at which the coaches stopped, and there was actually a billiard-room, containing a dreadful travesty of a billiard-table, and numerous small tables which were nightly occupied by euchre and cribbage players. The Snob's Arms also boasted a dancing saloon, and two real, live barmaids, of undoubted personal attractions and limitless impudence. It was a slab house or rather a congregation of slab huts of various dimensions, bark-roofed and cunningly connected by a covered passage way. In the dancing saloon, reposing upon a red blanket, on a table improvised for the occasion sion on slabs placed on trestles, lay the monster nugget. At the head of the table, seated in an armchair, sat the Admiral, the lucky proprietor of the huge mass of gold, which from time to time he caressed and patted, as if it had been a child or a dog. Only yesterday, he was perhaps the least considered of the hundreds of men working at Snobs Gully. One stroke of the pick and behold him a king amongst men ! Oh, wonder-working enchanter, divine gold ! Without thee, life is a wearisome struggle - with thee, a carnival of delight ! At least, that is the poor man's view of the matter. When I have found my nugget, I shall be able to deal with the question from the other standpoint. Tho Admiral - so-called, perhaps, because of all living men he was the farthest removed from the popular ideal of an admiral - a weak-eyed, sandy-haired little man who, because of his slender pretensions, modestly kept himself in the background so much that nobody knew anything about him. A few hours, however, had wrought a marvellous change, and he now occupied the place of honour as if to the manor born. It really was astonishing to find that he was not only genial, but withal witty and wise. His audience listened deferentially to every word that fell from his inspired lips, and never a prophet of old commanded more' respect. To each succeeding group of admirers he told the same words ; yet even those who had heard it early in the day, and often since, listened as eagerly to its twentieth repetition as if it had all the charm of novelty to recommend it. " You see, gentlemen," he would say, " me and my mates snowed there was something good in that there ground. Folks used to tell us, we'd never come on it ; but we knowed better, and there she is." Here he would point exultingly to the nugget, whilst his hearers smacked their lips, and wished - oh, so dearly - that it had been their fate to tell the tale. " I'll not deny that there was times when we felt kinder bad about it, times when tucker was scarce, and licker scarcer." The landlord winced at this remark for his conscience smote him as he recalled sundry interviews between himself and The Admiral, in which he had displayed anything but a trusting spirit. " There was times even when my mates sez ' Let's shift our pegs ' but I never gave in. l knewed we was bound to strike it rich, and strike it rich we did. Gentlemen, call for yer drinks, if you please. It's my shout, and champagne's the drink today." Need it be said that this speech of The Admiral was received with over-increasing enthusiasm ? Who, that knows anything of digger-nature will doubt that an orator of this stamp was accredited with the possession of more than the average supply of wit and wisdom ? Towards midnight the fun grew fast and furious ; and when the coach from Forest Creek drew up at the door of the public-house, it may safely be said that not one of its inmates (of the male sex) was sober. Under ordinary circumstances, the arrival of the coach - which usually took place at about nine o'clock - was the event of the evening, and everybody turned out to stare at new arrivals, and question the driver. Great then was the surprise of Jack Forrest - Gentleman Jack, as he was called - who held the reins on the night in question, when not so much as a groom came to meet him as he drew up at the door, in as gallant a fashion as the fagged horses could accomplish. " Well, I'm d—d !" he muttered. " Here's a start ! Anybody dead, I wonder ? There's an infernal row going on inside, anyway. Just hold the reins for a minute, please," he added, addressing a passenger, who occupied the box-seat. " I'm going in to rouse up some of these ducks. Confound my oats ! I'll let them know who they're fooling with, in a quarter less than no time." Whilst Mr. Jack Forrest was carrying out his threat, a little voice in the interior of the vehicle said, " I think we have arrived, uncle," and presently the curtains were parted, and such a charming face appeared at the aperture, that one of the grooms, who had at last condescended to saunter lazily towards the coach, started as if he had seen a ghost, and fell over into the horse-trough, much to his discomfiture, but greatly to the delight of the outraged driver, who, accompanied by the landlord, appeared on the threshold at that very moment, " Let me help you down, miss," said Gentleman Jack offering his hand. " These coaches are rather awkward for ladies." " Then we have arrived, sir ?" asked the young lady timidly. " Yes, miss, this is Snob's Gully," said the landlord obsequiously, but with a lurch to leeward, which showed that he, too, had succumbed to the influence of the petroleum champagne. " And this is the Snob's Arms - though I sez it, the leading hotel in the place. Was you stopping here tonight, miss ?" " Yes - get us some supper at once, and show us to our bedrooms," answered the gentleman who had come around from the other side of the coach. " Come inside, Alma, the groom will look after our luggage." Poor little Alma - for it was indeed our heroine - cold, tired, hungry and half-frightened, took her uncle's arm submissively enough, and they were presently ushered into the room off the bar, which was dignified by the name of ' best parlour.' The furniture of this apartment consisted of a ricketty bush sofa, a round table covered with a blue blanket in lieu of a tablecloth, two or three decrepit chairs, and an old safe which did duty as a sideboard. Alma sank on to the sofa exhausted, and would have relieved herself with tears, but refrained, fearing to vex her uncle. " Cheer up, child," said that gentleman, divesting himself of his overcoat. " A hot glass of brandy and water is what you want, and that you shall have in a minute. What is the meaning of that noise ?" he asked. This question was addressed to one of the barmaids, who entered while he was speaking - a young lady with brilliant, beady black eyes, very red cheeks and lips, and a mass of oily black hair, which towered at least a foot over the crown of her head, and thence descended in a cascade of tight corkscrew curls half way to her waist. " It is a nugget," she replied in a mincing tone. " The Admiral's party have found a big nugget and they're a-keeping it up in the ballroom. Would the young lady like to take anything ?" " Yes, she would," replied the Professor sharply. A glass of weak brandy and water, hot, for her and a strong glass for myself. Look smart about it, if you please." The damsel looked unutterable things at the person who had the audacity to address her in such an unceremonious manner, and flounced out of the room with a twist of the skirt which narrowly escaped knocking the aggressor down. Alma recognised the smell of heavy drinkers nearby by their breath, whilst her ear was offended by many a muttered oath, and that horrible snoring and gnashing of teeth which attends the sleep of the drunkard. Later on, the house was opened up by the landlord - himself very much the worse for the debauch - and then, one by one, the sleepers arose, shivered and staggered into the bar in search of a ' pick-me-up.' Mr. Johnson had been able to get to bed, and after three or four hours sleep, made his appearance, apparently suffering less than might have been expected. He was evidently a seasoned vessel ; for, after a brandy and soda, he was actually able to smoke a clay pipe, whilst breakfast was prepared. Stephen Tredegar had prepared his niece for the appearance of this guest at their table. He had risen early, and called Alma into the parlour, long before Mr. Johnson had opened his eyes. What he told the girl, it is not necessary to repeat - it was simply a lie, concocted for a purpose, and it served that purpose - at least so far as concerning Alma, that, however objectionable a person Mr. Johnson might be, it was highly important that he should be flattered and conciliated. The poor girl presided at the breakfast table in a state of trepidation which threatened at any moment, to culminate in a burst of tears. Mr. Johnson was even more objectionable than she had expected to find him. In the first place, he brought with him into the room an aroma of brandy and stale tobacco, which made her feel so sick that she was wholly unable to swallow a mouthful of food. Then he ate like a barbarian, using his knife as if it had been a fork, and thereafter helping himself to butter with the same implement. As for his conversation, it was more than offensive to the girl. His compliments were coarse, and accompanied by horrible leers and lewd glances, which even a child could not misunderstand. Moreover he would talk. The Professor vainly strove to relieve his niece by taking upon his own shoulders the chief share of the conversation ; but Mr. Johnson could talk and eat at the same time, and thus enjoyed the advantage which he pushed to the uttermost ; being, in point of fact, extremely pleased with himself and labouring under the hallucination that he decidedly coming out strong and making an impression. How long that meal endured, Alma never knew. It seemed interminable - for Johnson was one of those happy individuals whose appetite is increased by copious potations, and he had no idea of ceasing to eat as long as there was anything eatable left on the table. At last he looked around, and sighed the sigh of repletion, then he commenced to use his fork as a toothpick. Even the professor could not stand this last proceeding, and he rose hastily, telling Alma to go to her room, and prepare to accompany him for a walk. How gladly the girl took the hint and escaped, may easily be conceived. She could not depart without the promise of further torture, for Mr Johnson, without rising, intimated a desire, if she had no objection, to accompany her and her uncle in a stroll among the claims. As the door closed, the Professor turned to Mr Johnson with a gravity of manner which so impressed that individual, that it caused him to ask uneasily - " What's up now ?" " Can we be overheard ?" asked the Professor. " If we don't yell out, and there don't happen to be anybody listening at the door," replied Johnson, " I should say we can't. Especially as there is an infernal row going on as it is." Truth to say, a large number of the Bacchanalians of the previous night had by this time assembled in the bar, and, as they were all still more or less intoxicated, the noise soon became deafening. " Mr. Johnson," began the Professor, " if I mistake not, you have not always borne that name." The fork fell from the man's hand with a crash upon the table, and he stared, open- mouthed, at the Professor, whilst a pale green tint seemed to spread itself over his face. " i think," continued the professor, " that you were formerly known in London by the name of Thomas Sumner. Mr. Johnson took up the fork, and recommenced picking his teeth. " Well, sir," he said, "what then ? Many a man does not care to be known by his own name on the diggings." This was said in a confident, defiant tone wholly at variance with the man's behaviour when first he had been accused of using an alias. The professor scored a point - he concluded at once that the gentleman before him had been also by another name, and that there were circumstances attendant upon his bearing that name which made him dread its discovery. " Of course," said the Professor, " it very often is desirable to conceal one's identity. I merely asked the question, because l thought you must be Thomas Sumner." To Be Continued. 