facti'« mid ®lïftC5. BALLADE OE A FAIR IMPENITENT. Between thc midnight anti the room The underworld ray soul espied ; 1 eaw the shades ot men outworn, The lwroeefttllen in their pride; I saw the mush-land drear and wlJe, And matty a KhoBt that Btraj ed thereon. " I roam for aye." a mahle i ni ¿hwl, *' The sunlevt marah of A ch er cm." *' And is thy fate thus hope-forlorn ?' *? Vea, even 817," thc snide replied : " For one t wronged in life hath sworn In hatred ever to abMc : The lover eceketh not thc hi Ido, Cut aye, with »>e, M» heart dreams on, Asleep in these cold reist* that hi Jo The euulcsa marsh of Aclieroii," And still for me will Lacon mourn, And MLIII my pardon he denied ;? And never shall I crana tho bourne, Nor leave the woeful wiieniric : " Vet I repent inc not V* »hv'ciiotl. Kay, only lhat mv hour in guile, One incuiory hath jiloritiod Thc sunless unroll of Acheion. EMUV. Princess ! when thy fair ghost ehi|< pl ide Where never moon nor starlight uhoiie Sec that you tarry not h aide Thc sun teas marun of Acheron -fsoiigman'* Magazine. I A Philosopher gaye that nothing seems to' pícase a fly so much as to be mistaken for something to eat, and if it can bo baked in a cake, and palmed off on the unwary SB a currant it dies happy, " It's one huudred dollars ia your packet," whispered the defendant's lawyer to a Juror "out West," "if you can bring about a verdict of manslaughter in the second degree." Such proved to be the verdict, and the lawyer thanked the Juror warmly as lie paid him the mouey, " Yes," said the Juror, " it was tough work, but I got there after a while. All the rest went in for acquittal." A would-be wit of Paris, with more assu- rance than brains, offered to introduce a young nobleman of the provinces to a lady of high rank. " Allow me, madame," said he, " to present to you the Marquis de Tierceville, who is not such a fool as he looks." "Madame," replied the Marquis, " that is precisely the difference between my friend and me." A young lawyer in a country town in America tevcrul years ago went to a merchant and asked for some account* to collect, say- ing lie had been successful in that line. The merchant said-" Yes, I will try you ; here is an account of .? 10 against yourself. If you are successful in collecting this account come back and I will give you some more." Husband-" You know tha,t pretty Mrs. I' ,?-' Wife-" For goodness sake, John, don't talk about ' that pretty Mrs. F.' I can't go any where without hearing her praises sounded, until I am sick to death of the sound of her name." Husband-" I was only going to tell you of a rumour: Oh, John, tell mc all about it-that's a good soul !" " Aw, Ethel," remarked Charley to his Crotty cousin, " I believe-nw-I'll "hive the at bah-aw-trim my whiskers this niawniug -aw !" " Do, <Jhiirlcy,"said his pretty cousin. " And-aw-ICthel, how would you suggest that I have them trimmed Î" " Well," replied thc pretty cousin, ufter sufficient considera tion, "I think they would look very sweet trimmed with pink ribbon." The minister of Buckie about sixty or seventy years ago was a character. Being in Banff, the couuty town, one day, he entered one of the hotels and rang the bell furiously. No reply being forthcoming, lie rang it again. The landlord made his ap. pearance, aud with some warmth said' " Who are you, sir ?" " When I'm in Buckie I'm the minister, but when I come to Baud I'm evidently the bellman." Thc Hight Hou. Juhn Helcy Hutchinson, after having amassed a large fortune at the Bar, and field a distinguished seat in the Senat', accepted the Provostship of Trinity College, and was the first person promoted to that rank who had not previously obtained a fellowsbig. His appointment gave great offence to the University ; but he little heeded tlio resentment which was the consequence of any pecuniary promotion ; and, indeed, such was his notoriety in this respect that Lord Townshend, wearied out with his applica- tion«, is reported to have said, " If If I gave Hutchinson England and Ireland for an estate, he would solicit the lile of Man for a potato garden !" Judge-" In your drunken fury you drew your pistol and dangerously wounded an un- offending man." Cowboy-" Yes, Judge, that's about the size of it." Judge-" Whisky has got you into serious trouble. If it had not been for whisky you would not now be under arrest." Cowboy-"That's where Íou're a little off, Jedge. If I had been sober 'd have killed him deadcr'u a doornail, instead of only crippling him a bit." 