THE HOLIDAYS. i This year the pleasure seekers have been unusually fortunate in the favorable weather for holiday making and the usual festivities .occuring at this time, of. th? year. Christmas Eve came in nice and cool, being a nice change from the great heat of two days previously, which had given indications of very hot weather. The fact that Christmas Day came on. Sunday this-ye?r took it away from the usual holiday outings, etc., but it was a very favorable; day and, the evening so cold that to some a fire in the parlor was quite enjoyable. On Boxing-Day, which was eagerly looked forward to as the principal holiday- «f the . season, the 'weather was most ,en|oyable, inild s .balmy, %nd cojol, more like a .spring day,. than a mid-smncamer one. .Consequently all the routings an the shape of parties , and picnics were very successful. At Mbonta Bay the chief attraction centred in the annual' ' • • ••' "• • •• v REGATTA, - > • •:. }WhicK may be pronounced' : fairly SUCCO^Rfuli most of the events- were competed for and : ngot off in ^ better time than. fbrmerly. .The attendance was. large, but not so; largo as it has . been on sume previous ooc^slcns. The nutubers crowd iug the Jetty and Bay during the' afternoon were estimated variously at' from two thousand to three IhousaOd. The steamer Franklin brought about 100 from Wallaroo and during the day took numbers of the holiday makers out in trips for a steam towards the lighthouse. The regatta features were fairly well contested except that the visitors from Wallaroo did not enter in several of the events. The great event of the 'day, round which so much friendly rivaly centres— the four-oared champion race, was easily won by the Moonta crew, who got a slight advantage in the start, which they not onlymaintained but increased all the way, coming in winners by a good lead of' from twelve to fifteen lengths. - The pair oared champion race again proved a gift for the Wallaroo pair, Peddar and Willis, who are hard to beat in this race. In the amateurs the Wallaroos, .despite the rules of both clubs, brought a professional cox, winch, it is confidently affirtnedj'gave them the race. The Moonta crew although Feeling" they had Buffered 'by'the''infringeinent refused to enter any protest. In the clorkVand shopkeeper's both crews had the best cox - to be obtained, and the orange and black came in easy winners. The single man contest was a good race. The scullers were P. Walsh, X. Simais and T. Johnson. The latter was out of it • from the start,- and it was evident .his boat was not St for such contests.. Simras at the start seemed to get away % with a slight lead, and having inside position, turned the bouy first but on the race home the Wallaroo veteran proved that he was not done up yet and came in an easy winner. There was only one sailing race, which was between three of the Moonta Bay fishermen, Messrs. Simms, W. Kerrison and Wiseman. Tnere was some interest manifested in this race as it waB thought Wiseman's Jessie was the i,est boat. At first this boat was not entered, by consent of the other competitors, however, a late entry was taken, and it seemed probable that if there had been no accident the Jessie would lia^e taken the lead home. The rest of the events W9re got off in good time. The new secretary, Mr. F. J. Harris, did his work well, and Mr. Nicholas in the abseDCe of Captain Barkla, made a good starter. The following are the events:— Sculling race over stern. —Prize 25s. " Mermaid "—Toby Johnson X. Simms. When the two boats came to the starter it. was thought Johnson was out of it, as he had the largest boat to scull. Simms got away first and was leading round the buoy, after which Toby crept up and passed Simms and won easily. Maiden four-oared pulling race.—Prize £3- " Belhaven " (Moonta) — J. B. Hams, J. Jewell, P. J. Harris, H. Hague (stroke), L. Paynter (cox). " Eclipse " (Moonta)—M. Jones, R. Grummet, J. Risby, Tommy (stroke), Leo Sims (cox). " Belhaven " started in fine style, and continued the lead until rounding the flag, when the " Eclipse " overhauled her and passed the winning post about eight lengths ahead. Youths' four-oared pulling race(uuder 18). —Prize £3 " Eclipse " (Moonta)—Leo Simms, T. Simms, J. Simms, lYmmy (stroke), H. Phillips (cox). " Belhaven " (Moonta) — Watts. S. Trezona, W. Hosking, E. Mahar (stroke), E Harris (cox). This race proved a very easy win for the Eclipse" by six lengths, who led the whole of the course. Champion pair-oared pulling race. —Prize £2. " Wait-a-while "(Moonta)—Toby and F. Johnson, no (cox). " Eclipse " (Moonta) —X. Simms, W. Schwan, T. Simms (cox). "Torreus" (Wallaroo) — P. Willis, P. Peddar, J. Willis (cox). A good start was effected, and the " Eclipse " led the way for some time, when the Torrens " gained ground and led in the turn, but a spurt from the local men again made them even. A slight mishap happened to the Moonta boat in the run up by which her popet was broken, which allowed the visitors to gain ground which they continued, coming in about three lengths ahead. Amateur four-oared pulling race.—Prize £5. -'Eclipse" (Moonta)—J. Webb, W. Harris, A. Schwan, It. Beale (stroke), E. Harris (cox). •« Torrens" (Wallaroo j—J. Davies, J. Phillips, W. McLean, J. Herbert (stroke), J. Willis (cox). This was the most exciting and best contested race of the day, the crews being exceedingly well matched. During the first part of the course the two boats kept well together, although the Wallaroos who had the choice of position was the first to round the flag, but in passing the jetty the first time it was difficult to tell which was the better oJF ithe two. However, in turning the south flag the visitors were leading by about a length, i^hich they added to in the run up, being victorious by : about two-and-a-half lengths. - Pair-oared sculling race. — Prize 30s. to* ' S S tS first to show superiority and rounded 1 the buoy ahead of his comrades, but was'not. able to retain the laurels, Walsh bringing his boat up i i fine style, leaving the two Mooutas behind and won by about 20 lengths." Sininis came in second, but ' Johnson was a ong way behind. Champion four-oaretl pulling race — Prifce £10. " Eclipse " (Moonta)—F. John sou, X. Simms, W Schwan, Toby Johnson stroke), T. SimmS (cox). ''Torrens" Wallaroo)—M. McDonald, 1. Evans, D. Peddar, P. Willis (stroke), J. Willis (cox). This race which is' usually looked upon as the 'race of the day did not create as much xcitement as was anticipated, as the Moontas had it too much their own way, he Wallaroos onlj being ia practice ogether a short time. The local men tarted off with a splash and never once llowed tfj^ir opponents to gain ground, and hen rouading the first flag they .were fully our lengths ahead. When passing the jetty he first time they gained ground to ihe xtent of twelve lengths, and at the finish he old favorites passed the winning post amid cheers by 15 lengths. The Wallar os, although severely beaten, rowed in good Style. Sailing race open to boats' up to 20 feet keel.—Prize £5. " Blanche " R. Simms. " Alpha," W. Kerrison. " Jessie," Wiseman. The three boats were got away in good style by the starter. Kerrison's boat was the first to make any headway, and after a good Tace won easily, closely followed by " Blanche." In the" return journey the " Jessie " came to grief by having her mast broken. Clerks" and shopkeepers four-oared pulling race. —Prize £4. " Eclipse " (Moonta)—S. Francis. E. Moore, W. Harris, R. Woon (stroke), T. Simms (cox). "Torrens" (W allaroo 1 — F. Cropley, T. Clements, W. McKee, J. Herbert (stroke), J. Willis (cox). In this race the local men -had it all their own way, leading from the start. They ?rere soon round the first buoy closely followed by the Wallaroos, and when passing the'" jetty, the first' time were 15 . lengths ahead The visitors" here "gained ground for Some time but could not continue, and in " the finale the Moontas beat by fully 15 lengths. . j > - r ' Four-oared handicap-pulling race, open to aft' comers. — Prize £5. " Belhaven " (Moonta)—F. Johnson, - X. Simms, \ W. ^Schwan,; ^..Johnson (stroke), T. Simms .(cox). " Eclipse'" (Moonta)—J- Webb, W. Harris, A. Schwan, R. Beale (stroke), E. Harris (cox). Soon after, this race had been affected and the men settled down to work Schwan had the misfortune to break his oar. The champion crew rowed over the course and was declared winners.. , Boys' swimming race, under 16. First prize 10s., second 5s.—G. Kerrison and J. Marshall. , Swimming 1 match, open to all- comers. First prize 15s., second 7s. 6J.—McKee and PaBcoe, both of Wallaroo. Diving match open to all comers.. Prize £1.—R. Grummett. Duck hunt. Duck to be chased by the winning crew of No. 5 race. Prize £L 10s. Duck—T Johnson., .Thi6 race fell very flat, and after several attempts to capture " Toby." in which an oar was broken, the chasers wisely gave up ^the ghost, Johnson remarking that it was the softesj thing he ever had on. The sea horse and tub race did not come off. 