BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. Sunday Services. . The annual services in connection with the Beechworth auxiliary of the above society were commenced on the afternoon of Sunday, 24th insfc., when tbe various Protestant Sunday-schools in Beechworth and its immediate surroundings met in the Oddfellows' Hall. At 3 p.m., the hour of commencing, the spacious build- in3 was well filled with young people, besides some forty or fifty adults. A number of senior scholars and teachers graced the platform, and a; choir led the singing throughout the service, Mr John Fletcher, as usual, efficiently acting as conductor, and Miss Lawrence ably officiating as organist. In the absence of the president of the Beechworth auxiliary, Mr R. Harper, Mr James Sennett (vice-president) presided. The service commenced with a hymn from the j printed selection for the occasion, " Jesus i Shall Reign where'er the Snn," which 1 was haertilyjoinedin by the congregation, j after which the chairman led in prayer, j The second hymns, " Thy will be done," was then snng, after which the auxiliary's -secretary (Mr Alfred Darvall) read the SsriptureB selecting 1st Samuel, - 3rd chapter, and a few verses from Psalm exix., commencing from the -195th verse. The third hymn from the selection, "Take me, 0. my Father," followed. The CHAIRMAN then delivered an address, in the coarse of which he re- JftfgV BiSfe the greatness to which it had attained daring the eighty-two years of its exis tence. During that period, he said, the soeiftty .alone had been the_ means of circulating the Word of God, in whole or. in part, to the number of 108 millions of copies, and daring ' the past year no less than four millions of copies liad been distributed by this agency, which would average 10,000 copies for every day of the year; also that the -income of the organisation, and consequently tbe expenditure of the society, exceeded that of any other religions organisation in the world, tbe former being over £238,000, and the latter rather more than £240,000. He also dwelt upon the object of the great British and Foreign Bible Society — namely, to send the Scriptures to every land, to every home and to every man, woman and child in the world. The noble aim of the society was also dwelt upon— namely, the salvation of all people through the knowledge of the world's Redeemer, as learned from the revealed will of God, the Holy Bible. The address was illustrated by inci dents of an interesting character, and the closest attention of the young people was maintained throughout. Another hymn followed— "I am proving lor yon." Mr DONALD FLETCHER was called upon to address the children, and in a brief and concise manner spoke to them about character and how it should be built, appositely illustrating his remarks by the. construction of a building, how necessarv was a good and substantial foundation in order to have a secure and firm superstructure ; and while illustrating some of the"- traits of a true character, such as honesty, in tegrity, truth, and, in the case of young people, ebedionoo to pavontc, ho showed plainly that all these required a foundation sure and firm, and that foundation was Christ. Faith in Him was the right and essential thing, and, having this, all the rest must follow. He urged the young people to read well their Bible, which alone taught them about Christ and His great salvation. Mr WILLIAM WARD, of El Dorado, next spoke. He expressed his high ap preciation of the work done by the noble gociety in whose interests they were, met together that afternoon, and of tbe laborsof 'the committee of the Beech worth auxiliary ; and when Mr Darvall, the secretary, sent him the invitation to come, in the place ot one 01 »mj superintendents, to address the meeting, he felt only too happy to comply, and he was there to say a words to the .young people and their friends about the 'British and Foreign.Bible Society. The speaker then went on to refer to the Bible as the Word of God, aud the bless ing it was to the world,, There could be no grander wprk in which anyone, young or eld, could enrage, than that of send ing the blessed Bible, with its message of salvation, to all mankind. Sometimes j inen wp',e found who avowed their dis belief in the Bible and its teachings : 1 bift he had always found that they had nothing they cbnld put; in its place, and they had no 'right to: try, 'as man y of' t hem did , to de.stfoyAhe f ail h,.o f :th ose millions ofi the, gi-2afcjafi'd: noble' of the earth, -as well', as fcle/ poor, and humble men and wo mini who, -derived all comfort and strength .from the teachings of the blessed Bible. There was .one -thing, said the speaker, he liked almost' above any other about the Bible, and. that was that all men were regarded alike, that to secure the blessings,promised it did not matter who 'rn'eu -'jwere, rich- or poor, teamed or ignorant. At the same time 1 d was . useless ior learnea ; men 01 the present day to tflk abont the Bible as no longer, worthy of credence, as a few of them were only too anxious to do ; for --when it wiis itememberadthat' men like Bucoh', the great philosopher, Sir Isaac Newton, the wonderful man of science, and others that might be named, of a forme-r age; and men in the front ranks of science and- philosophy to-day, who were and are humble devout believers io the Bible as tbe .Word of God to men, and the only light we hiive ns to the future, there vvas no cause to fear tha attacks of the few who ruthlessly. 'as sailed the grand old Book; He urged all the young people present to an increased study anid love for the Bible, and so con cluded d most interesting and earnest address. ' - The usual collection was tb6n taken np, and Hym'n No. 6, " I have read of a Beautiful City," suiig,. the choir on tho platlorm singing the'first part and the congregation taking up the chorus. The' chairman closed the meeting with the Benediction, i As the audience > was dispersing the ; choir sang very nicely and in good har mony Hymn No. 5 of the selection, " Just as I am." ' In the evening the, congregations of the various Protestant, churches met and filled the hall. The ' service was con ducted by the Revs; H. Swan and J. Albiston, who engaged in prayer, the former also reading the Scriptures. The united church choirs sang, with very good effect, several- selected hymns, under the | able leadership of Mr. Cunningham ; the j organ being presided over by Mr Jas. i-Cunningham, jun.,- with his recognised efficiency. The sermon wah preached by the Rev.- J. Albiston, who took for his text John vii, i7— If any man will do His will, lie shall know of tbe doctrine wk'otber it be of Grod, or whether I speak of myself." The 'preacher remarked: The Saviour's life on the earth was one of constant surprises to those who -had the privilege of .ee.eihg-and hearing Him. Miracles, replies' to. questions, and direct instruction are all in evidence of this! The words before us occur in , connection wiili the last. . The. narriitive "inforSa'a ' u's that about tJLa.jry.li— tvf :»lva'\f<Lnnt7!.Vic TnUw taught (verse. 14), and the - Jgws marvelled, saying, "How kuoweth this man letters, having -never, learned ?" Thy were aooits- tomed to hear doctors of the law; the recog nised expositors of God's Word, and the Imnwledpiv tbey exhibited in their teaching exoited little or no surprise, they having had the privilege of scholastic training. But, as they .listened to Jeaus, to the uoequalled character of His instructions, in view oi His lowly -origin and circumstances, and the absence of superior educational advantages, their astonishment found expre8sion in this form. Jesus answered :. " My doctrine (that which I teach) is not mine, but His that sent me," referring to the heavenly origin of the truths He delivered — a fact whioh one and all might asoertain. "If any man will do His will, he shall know of the doctrine1 whether it be of "God, or whether I speak of myself." The subject announced submission to God, the seoret of divine knowledge. 1st, The will of God: Viewing God as our' Creator and Supreme Ruler, His will iB most authorita tive. This will at once appaar when it is ob served that the degree of authority possessed will be the degree of force'.the will may be supposed and ought to have. Thus if the -will of a sovereign be contrasted with the will of the subject, or the will of a master with that of a servant, the difference af position will account for the difference in the authority with which the will is invested.' So in "regard to God, as He is the only Potentate, and the King of Kings and Lord oi Lords/His will is clothed with all authority. To despise it, therefore, is to refuse to acknowledge' His supremacy, and to reject those olaims to our allegiance whioh are most justly based upon His relation to us. 2nd. The will of God is unchangeable : He has said, " I am the Lord ; I ohange not" (Malachi iii., 6). As there is ne ohange in Himself, His nature, attributes, and character being always the same, this must apply also to His will. Men ohange, as the resnlt of age, experience and ciroumatauces, and there is frequently a cor responding ohange of will, Not so with God; these do not at all affeot Him.. 3rd. His will ia narfant. ; Rv nprfsflfc W8, QlGHZl bQViDK respect to man in every relation and position, extending to every duty and every require ment. St. Paul, in his Epistle to the Romans, xii., 2, speakB of it as "that good and accept able and perfect will of God." The inquiry now presents itself, How are we to know His will ? Some persons have said that His works 3 . « rl« frt this. ' But is it so ? In the Epistle to the RomanB, i., 20, St Paul states, "The invisible thingB of Him from the creation of the world are olearly seen, being underztood by the things that are made, even his eternal power1 and Godhead." !Theap, His everlasting power and divinity, are what nature teaches, and no' more. Soience, whioh deals with nature, Has advanced no farther than this. One ot the latest admissions on the partof those wko iffs.«ss3ra?r- necessarily a knowledge of tbs j1, fail/ revealed; it hnotbepc tejt to mf ence or conjecture. In me. if the not let 6 it tuns, te .,erv man this reach of the underBtandmS .o£ .v . mo3t necessary ana inval Known ir , He has been pleased to mKe n Known « . 1 words of His own inspiring, a he has fixed His own seal. Andrf tbwi I God be the only authoritative rule L , n" dnct;-and apart from doing Hw wCl-H .or cannot be enjoyed, then the . of that will is. to us of thc>-Rhe im portance. This will is coatoea ia (he Bible, the bok obooks. sent.dd in a form., aM a manner, that none ne je tgxk of it; " he wbo"o wivuneaa to. d< . j God's the Saviour speakau a bf lbs will. This rmsVea a fWl Tbe truth of eaQh par4.iou.vai ( ni, fc 0f mQ!, will t>f God inreMrd to th oo # he'ug tbe wpros«QB <ot lf f - ' " 1 positipn to-do .thnt will is not afancifal desire, not tho occasional inclination of tho mind to il. but a disposition infiuenced by preper and Ruffioiently strong considerations and can ouly exist, on . the basis oi an nntreeitating ad mission of Ihe facts already laid down. Prom this persnaaion there wi:l follow the feeling of strongest obligation ' to "doj it. If the particulars named be true, ; ah d if God our Creator have endowed ' us /with' capacity"!© do His will; and if 'that capiioity 'in " its loftiest exercise consist in doing1.if;in!addil.idn human happiness, both here and berssfter be dependent upon this, then wheth«r:we look, ot duty or interest, the. obligotioh-is the same,' This disposition implied also an abandonment of onr own will. It , is, not saying- too much .that thekwill of man; in his natural state- is opposed -to. the will of-God, andjthis is so- -because of opbdsition -cf'hature. .'in regard to tbe will of God and mart unrenewed, there is the prratest. antagonism. /. Does the will of! God -prohibit- what risjsinfol." the will of man- is free to allow it;: ahel, as it' is: q'iijected and' supported by desire, man finds his chief gratification ia its indulgence.' Dcei that will enjoin what 13 holy, and that only, the human will refuses to obey. " The carnal I mind is enmity against God, for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." .Thus it will be seen ihat the state of ; mind now under consideration' — willingness to do God's will— is most. unnatural -to man.. Where i'- exists is.the.result of divine grace. "It" is God that worketh in yon both, to will and to do of his good pleasure." Seoondlyi fulfilling thi3 condition, "he shall know of tbe doctrine." said the Saviour, " whether it be ef God." The word doctrine signifies teaching, and while generally it may . be' understood to refer to those truths taught by the prophets of old, and othcr3 divinely inspired, in a particular serise here refers to the Gospel oi the Sou of God. It is He especially by whom in these last day3 God hath spoken to us. ThiB limitation is- authoriaed by.Ohriat himsslf, "Heaballkoow of the doctrine whether it be of God, or. whether I speak of myself." The distinction- here made to appear between God and Christ does not -invalidate His olaims to divinity elsewhere asserted. At the time he spoke thus he was fulfilling tbe duties of the pro phetic office, as was predicted, as one who had .been s an t. And as Whitby observes " the very office of a prophet inquires that he should speak nothing of himself nor deliver his own mind and doctrine, nor seek his own glory, but shonld speak all things in His name, and do all thingB for the glory of Him who sent him." And as such Christ is to be understood whan He says, "I speak not of myself, but as "the Father hath taught me so to speak." We say Christ speaks hers as one sent. To this office He was divinely commissioned, and in it He was sustained by the highest au thority. There came a voice from the ex- ce'lent Glory, " Thia is my beloved Son, hear ye Him. Though we are not told what it was He taught them ou this oeoasion, yet we are at no loss on this account. As He was now in the Temple He would direut their attention to those truths whioh God had spoken before by the month of all His holy prophets, so that His work would be that of expounding ths- Word'of God. And suoh was the ability Ha- displayed that they involuntarily contrasted Him with their own educated and recognised teachers, and as He had not been a pupil in-' their schools of learning, they were nnable to account for the wisdom with whioh He spoke- astenisliment ' filled their minds. Yet Hi's teaching reflected the highest honor upon God,- His -Father. Bid He speak of the love„ wisdom, goodness, holinessor justice of God/ in the text applies not only to the truths taught by Christ on the occasion referred to; but equally to the whole of whet olaims to-be-- a revelation of God's will. This, as to its' divinity, or otherwise," shall be known to him in whom thiB willingness exists. In additios:- to evidenoe that the Soriptures are of divine "authority presented by miracles and prophecy, there are the following marks borne by the Soriptures themselves. 1st. Tbe sublimity and importance of their truths. These immeasurably exceed more human capacity. They is re auch as eye hath not seen nor ear- heard, neither have entered into the heart of man. 2nd. The perfect harmony subsisting between these truths and the divine nature ar.d attributes. : If God has given a revelation to man, it must of neorissity accord .with' these. 3rd. Their completo adaptation to man's nature, condition and oL'fcnmatauses. The will of a. kind and graoiou s benefactor must infallibly be such as to r iromote true happiness. This is every whe re expressed upon what professes to be God's Book... The knowledge whether the dootrin e be oteGod is affirmed shall be the posseBsio n of the man wbo is willing to obey. " He shall know." Men acquire knowledge variously 1st by- aight. What a man sees he liinows. . 2nd by reason. Exercising his intellectual power?, he becomes acquainted with subjects that en gage his attention. 3rd by feeling. Everyman _ knows what he feels. 4th by communication, whether oral or written. As we - have nst now to do with oVijects of sight,, but with "God'B truth, called in the text " tha- eeotrine-," we pass over thrj first means ci! acquiring knowledge, andpr tuse at the secondi. Season has a province ir 1 the investigation of divine truth. Its offios is to examine the external, internal and ot' aer evidences, which are the grounds on wl iioh it olaims to be -received. Willingness t 0 do God's will naturally prompts and ' leads to suoh inquiry. Under the inflnenoe of this feeling the- investigation will be mads , in a proper spirit, and upon this verv n" »h depends. Th . 1 1Tm bias and pre judice; to have a. spirit combining weakness an ,d humility, will fargtly contribute to a suooeF jsf ixl inquiry after truth,. The spirit will 1 ,lso lead to earnest solicitation for divine ass iatanos. Sensible, of the -weakness of hiB owi i unaided powers, he-will cry to God for help. , and HejsiUnot fail' to grant the. request. Thus exercising- his own, faculties; and enli ght'ened by the Holy Spirit— taught oi God— h e trill know of tha. doctrine, whether it bo of g -oil. Experience is another means ef; acquiri ng this knowledge.. Some truth, indeed; cau'or ; jy be known in this way. We speak ot dootri'. nal truth, that is"trutbto be believed, and v -a also sneak of experimental truth,1 thot "is " jiU vo De expeneuooa, - as wen, tioal truth, that is truth to be praotisbd. Now - what is experimental can only be known. byf ixperience. The man, for instance. , who haf' naver suffered bereavement vh at it iB to bo bereaved, for » order ta.this kn owledge there must be feeling or expe- ri» 3noe. So it is with divine truth. Look at it .pentance, or, in other words, conviction of b in This conviotion is not oenfineoi to the i ntelleot — it is a feeling of the heart. To .! Know what repentance is, therefore, it must, be experienced. So, likewise with faith „ bv which we mean truat of the heart noon Christ alone. This, to be "known, must be felt. In this like manner icrgwe- hess, love to God, joy in the Holy Ghost and holiness of heart, those to be known must he experienced, and when experienced . they are j known.. This knowledge is the privilege of | everyone who submits to the will of God. The love and meroy of God, and the fruits of the Soirit, he may happily experience, and we -know beyond all question whether thedoc- trine that proposes to be aivine.und -contains this truth, bs of God. How -solid is the foundation of his hopes felt to be. who has thiB knowledge, ana what Messed freedom he eniovs from the disquietude of. doubt and uncertainty. From what has been advanced it will bo seen that if men are in ignorance as to whether the tvttthB taught in the Bible he of God that ignoranoa is traoeable to their opposition of His will. The delat una others who denv the. dWWa authority gi the Scrip. tares, say they must tnuw before they would consent to do. and demand the knowledge as neceasai-y to thfeir admission of as obligation to do. And this at once opens out the secret" of their ignorance. The order laid down ia the text submission firs!,, and the know ledge shall follow. But those .men want to reverse this order. .Refusing obedience to- God's wi:I, they say, W e wanteto know first ; aad so they live in-culpabie ignorance ef what is soimnortant to know; importaiiteas affact- ing this life and that which is to come; What 8nf ' .do thsv contract, who, iustead oi sub!- mitting to Goil nad' thus 'securing this know ledge, employ themselves in vain attempts to prove that the doctrine 33 of human ooly,. nnd notor divine authority-.' Had men been willing to do. God's will, such1-' w orks as thoap wrftteir .by Yoltaire and- others - of a' similar ci'ass would never have appeared, and they would have been spared both the labor ana. tha sin whiph tiievo jipvolyo. -Happy -they-: Yi'.frefi.hiiitbfltaf.griSiBhnd. obstin-:- aoy of heart,- prove -fco'tceir ow-h "bbnifort-'and" happiness the truth stated in the text. 