points; No Mobe.— Qvorerowdirig on tho tramcars. CirasHED.— Tho Opposition last night. A. New Coasteii.— Tho Bulimba. Disqualified. — Davis, for six months, by the Q.T.C. - Coming.— Currio Swaiii and r. company of 40 all told. To Let. — Several-cages in the now zoological house. Wanted. — A first-class recognised handi enpper for tho principal ruco meetings. Good Name.— For M'Gill's Durobin — Ba- mc-ralda colt, ' Romany Lad.' BnmiANT. — Play at the football match this afternoon will bo. . ? ? Stjiaioiit Tip.— Queensland will win tho football match this afternoon. Stiuigk Out.— Britisher from tho Caulfiold Cup. A ' Masher ' Casiitaker. — At tho Thoatro Royal pit. Avoira Kjia-'. — Can run away, for ho has done so. The Piix.— Kellott did not mind it, but did no t want to take it just then. New Zeixaot). — Wants a now House, and a Hebrew yenr of jubilee. The House of Commons. — Has not yot pro claimed tho Irish National League. Should be a Success. — ' Harbour Lights,' ran over a year and a-half in London. Phince Feudinand. — Cannot get a Minis terial team together, so they say ; but that 13 incredible. Geoboe. — Threatens to be a Thom in tho sides of tho lawyers. They must have got afc him some day. Heavy Loss. — To tho Government sido o£ the House when Thorn and Pooto crossed tha floor.. Canadian Dominion. — Sends £20,000 to tho Imperial Institute. Queensland Dominion sends £25 '' The Cloven Foot.' — Now edition pre sented in tho House last night. Not by Miss Bruddon. P.P. — Going to run Darling Downs and save the country. Did not savo it when he had tho chance. Follow the Leader. — Or school-day re miniscences, as revived in tlio Assembly by B. D. Moreheud and Co. Special. — The whole of the performance) ? at the Gaiety on Monday will be ' Firsc ? Class.' . A Substitute for Gang-chains.— The much loved pigtail of the Chinaman. The oxperi- ? ment was tried last week at Charters Towers ? and found to answer tho purpose admirably. Sie Patrick, SuntLY. — A Router's message says that tlie Pope is going to send pr'ests to ? convert the aboriginals of New South Wales. There is a mistake somewhere, to put it mildly. . Great GssAit's Ghost! — Exclaimed tho great M'Namara in a letter to Holliman when ho ? first realised that tho 'chanco' of£40,000 was - not likely to come off. ' That Cable Home. — Tlie Premier's cable - homo about bogus gold mines spoiled M'Na mnra's 'chnnce,' killed Draper's extended: hope, and Blewed Hobson's choice. Bachelors and Benedicts. — An English statistician has discovered that in every 1,000 bachelors there are 38 criminals, while among ? married men the ratio is only 18 per 1,000. Consumed.— An enormous quantity of oysters ? during show week. Rogers says it is sur prising how many 'natives' white men will ? eat. DiBiniBUTioN of Labou5i.— Somebody must ? fetd swine so lon;r as thero are swine to bo fed. With the feeding which thoy get thoy ought to ? be fat now. Miesed it.— After several days hard labour. ? not yet concluded, the Elephant missed the best ? thing in the show — the exhibit of tho A.U.S.N. Company. The animal's sight must be defective. What He Thought. — A well-known Bris- ? banite fell off Mb horse in the trotting at the - show. A youngster remarked flint he must bo a ' new chum.' Rough on the Queenslander ? this. ? Struck Oil.— By an appeul to all tho Catherines in England, a scheme, is being set on foot to obtain subscriptions to place in Peterborough Cathedral a memorial window to ? Queen Catherine of Arragon. Smart Work. — 4. few policemen and a civilian captured or arrested over 30 out of 100 Chinamen discovered playing fantan at Charters ? Towers. Of this number 28 wero convicted. One wily fellow turned Queen's evidenco and was discharged, PROCEDURE. ?— Old M.P.: 'Aw — I say, Robins. 'Xlraordinary thing all tho seats taken at this early hour !' Official (of many years' standing, who doesn't axiprove of recent changes): ' Yo see, sir, it's all those 'ere now members. Early in tho day they're here, and; then, when the gentlemen comes down iu tho afternoon, there ain't eo room for them.' Better, Late than Never. — Mrs. Flaherty : ; 'Phwat'8 thiB, Mrs. M'Guinncss? Ye'ro but jist married to a sicond husbund, and it's cominr out in a new mourning driss ye are !'' Mrs. M'Guinness : ' Oi alwiz mint to wear mourning for poor Mike, but oi nivor had tho money till now. M'Guinness is well fixed,, praise tho saints !' Coming Round Again. — The Northern Miner toys : We gave in our adhesion to the separa tion cause, becauso we despaired of tho southern . Government giving juBtice to tlie north. But now that wo see tho Griffith Ministry making a straight effort to do what is fair and just, we should bo false to all our traditions it wo rofused ' to give them a'triul.' Hint to Postmasters-General.— In their efforts to outrival each other, tho Now York; hotels ore struggling to surpass in tho beauty of thoir girl telegraph operators. Men and hoys used to look after things in theso offices, bui girls took thoir places. When there are so many offices togethor, a young man is likely to go where there ib the prettiest girl to tako the, message. Miss Carrie Swain will shortly arrivo in Brisbane with a powerful company— 40 in all— and all tho Melbourno scenery. , and effects. During tlie season f'Tho Minor's Daughter,' 'Tomboy,' and 'tTnole Tom's Cabin' will bo played. Tho season will only be for threo weeks. Mr. Monty Brown, her' agont in ad vance, will bo in town shortly. Countby Lawyers in Tbouble.— During the hearing of tho mining case at tho Suprome Court the solicitors for tho plaintiffs made : sundry obicotionable demonstrations at wit nesses' evidence. His Honour overlooked it on two occasions ; but on the third he addressed tho solioitor and said: 'You must restrain your feelings, Bir ; and if you cannot control your excitement, you hud better go somowhoro elto. Such demonstrations are unseemly and improper.'- Nearly Caught Ditto. — On tho assembling of tho court in tho afternoon, tho solicitor for tho defendants -went up to tho box to his wit ness nnd whiBpered. His Honour looked blank with astonishment, and Mr. Real looked horror struck, and got tho solicitor hurried baok to his place before his Honour recovered awful speech. They Know Better.— The city solibitora looked amused at tho wunt of. nous in their country cousins' behaviour in tho Supremo Court. : Silknoe in TnE Court.— His Honour Justioe Mcin yesterday firmly bheoked the objeotion nblo habit some young solioitors havo of. whispering audibly at tho solicitors' table. The Sport of Kings.— Bavaria has bud luofc ?with lior kings. The lute King Ludwig became insano and committed suicide, und his successor, King Otto, is so dangerously demented that four rhysioinnB tako turn in constantly guard ing him. Hie favourito amu&cmont; is shooting peasant boys. To humour this hobby lie is kopt Bupplied with rifles loaded with powdor only. Presently a boy crosses tho road, tho king shoots, tlio boy drops, and is oarriod away by excited individuals who havo ' accidentally ? wif neseed the soeno. Needless to Bay tlio bo .? :'b unhurt, and gets 5 cents for his trouble. 