BALMAIN. The first Sunday-school picnic of St. John's, Church of England, took place on Wednesday to Fern Bay. It was largely attended by the scholars and parents and friends. An ample lunch and dinner were served to the scholars, prepared by the teachers, and the various sports and amusements of the children went off success- fully. Besides the incumbent, the Rev. A. Turn- bull, the Rev. E. D. Madgwick, late incumbent of St. Thomas's Church, and Mrs. Madgwick were present during the day. The affair was a com- plete success, financially and otherwise. On Wednesday evening a lantern entertainment was given in St. John's Schoolroom, Birchgrove road, by Mr. F. R. Robinson, under the auspices of the Birchgrove Literary and Debating Society. The subject was, 'Views in Many Lands,'' and the various scenes depicted were lucidly described by the exhibitor, while the manipulation of the instrument by his assistants was most excellent. At the conclusion a vote of thanks, moved by Mr. J. M. Storey, was heartily accorded. The regular weekly meeting of the Royal Albert Lodge, R.A.O.B., was held at Dick's Hotel on Tuesday, Mayor Burns, S.P., in the chair. Several new members were branded, and harmony was given by Primo Schwengellfelldt and Bros. Hooper and Langley. The contractor for the new town hall began operations on Thursday, the first action being the cutting down of an old tree which occupied the place where the corner stone will be laid. Business people are beginning to inquire if the negotiations began by the Mayor with the Postmaster-General, to have the local mails sorted and delivered from the office here instead of going to Sydney and back, are likely to have any result. The meeting of the Balmain regatta committee on Thursday night was rather a lively one. The protests considered at last week's meeting were further gone into, and the Mayor, who pre- sided, was overwhelmed with a flood of motions to rescind resolutions passed at that meeting, amendments, and points of order. The conclusions evolved out of the chaos were that Gleeson was disqualified in the race for all comers in light skiffs who had never won a prize over £10, because his boat was not up to measurement. H. Messenger, in the same race, is to be called on to prove that he did not win a prize of £15 at Gos- ford a couple of years ago. The protest in the manual-labour double sculls, against Bruce and Backhouse, because their boat did not comply with the association rules, which was upheld at the last committee meeting, was dismissed, because not entered in writing prior to the race. The event between all-comers in light skiffs, instead of being rowed over again, is to be considered a race, and first money given to Anderson; and the 8-foot canvas dingy race is to be sailed again by several claimants for second prize. Prizes will be paid over on Saturday week. The Balmain Debating Society, the oldest in the borough, formally gave up the ghost on Thursday night, and the funeral obsequies were performed. The decisions of the regatta committee on Thursday night do not seem to have given much satisfaction, so that, considering the indefinite- ness of some of the rules, and the difficulty of arriving: at a fair decision on the points at issue, the result of the meeting is probably an equitable one all round. The Post-office Department are arranging for a telephone switch board in the new post-office, and applications are invited for subscribers. The opportunity for establishing telephonic communi- cation with the Sydney Exchange will probably be largely availed of. An amusing case in the police court on Friday was a charge against an 8 years old boy of steal ing a 3 months old collie pup. The Bench de- clined to convict so small a boy of so large an offence, the father of the boy was indignant at the depravity implied in his offspring, and the pup being non est, his owner refuses to be com forted. The Balmain Mutual Improvement Society held its weekly meeting in Montague-street schoolrrom last Tuesday, the Kev. S. Wright in the chair. The order of the day was a ministerial debate on the subject of a £50 polltax on the "yellow agony," in which the leading speakers were Mr. Chambers and Mr. Low for the govern- ment, and Mr. Clarke for tbe opposition. There was too much in it for one night, and the debate was adjourned unfinished. A new building society is projected, with a capital of £100,000. A number of leading citizens like Captains Lyons and Heselton, Mayor Burns, C. G. Cameron, Dr. Carruthers, Henry Perdriau, jun., Alex. Bowen, and W. J. Oldershaw are in it, so it ought "to gee." 