THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Royal. Williamson, Garner and Musgrove's Co. Pantomime. —Opera House. Boucicault-Brough Company. —Bijou Theatre re-open with Phil Day, &c.; —Princess' Theatre, Williamson, Garner and Musgrove s Opera Company. —Alexandra Theatre. Italian Opera Co. —Victoria Hall. Clark's " Silk Stockings." —Waxworks New attractions. —Jem Mace is " boxing" his wealth in the English provinces. —Mr. Walter Hehl, the treasurer of the Trocadero, has been benefitting at home. The berwficiaire's numerous friends, &c.;, all went to Hehl. Mr. Henry Irving will make another professional visit to America. The season will open with " Faust" in September. Mr. Bram Stoker is already in the " land of the free" making the necessary arrangements. —The Simonsen Opera Company will spend the Easter in Sydney. —Tessero and Agrati's crowd are now showing in Brisbane. —Woodroffe's Glassblowers are journeying through New Zealand. —Mr. George Eignold, on the termination of the run of "Robinson Crusoe," is to take up the running at the Theatre Royal. —And Frank Weston i3 not dead after all. Ben Wheeler, who is at the Cape, has engaged the Wizard Oil King as business manager. Ben is too old a bird to have any but a real live man bossing his concern, for "dead men tell no tales." —Mr.and Mrs. C.Hugobenefltting in Brisbane. Ashton, who managed the Hugo show (and well, too) in Melbourne, is now serving under Williamson, Garner and Mu6grove. —The mother of Kendall, the poet, is said to be living in great poverty in Sydney. —Edwin Parrish, of the Florence Company, is thinking seriously of visiting Australia, as he has, it is said, received strong inducements from friends here. —The Music and Drama says that:—"Alma Stuart Stanley has come to her senses and left the insignificant little pauper, De Garmo—who married her under false pretences—to shift for himself. Instead of supporting this worthless little wretch she is taking care of her mother in London, where she is playing at the Criterion with Charles Wyndham's Company." This is outspoken at all events. -By-the-way, the Darrell season at the Bijou theatre seemed to terminate " all of a sudden like." —Bob Carey, lately managing the Exhibition shows, has been fined for causing hand-bills to be circulated. I don't know why Bob should be specially singled out as a target, but now that a start has been made I suppose there'll be a general 6woop, or rather scoop. —Miss Marian Willis and Dramatic Company have been doing Gippsland. At latest they were for Sale (joke unintentional). Good business is freported. Keogh directs the concern. J. B. Steele is included in the company. Walter Medue has broken away from them, and is now in town. Simmons has taken his place. —Bernard (of Matthews' Co.) has once again landed Jn Melbourne, a joyful fact that reminds us of Lee (another of Matthews' crowd). He proceeds to Sydney to join Charlie Taylor's Company, as agent-in-advance. Bernard played the "lost policeman " in the " Cinderella" pantomime, and Lee has been doing ditto this year in "Robinson Crusoe." So that it will be seen that Theodore is full of " the foorce." —Speaking of the production of " As You Like It" by the Holloway troupe at Hobart, the Mercury says:—" Her performance was finished, without being studied or Gtilted, and correct without being stagey. Miss Jenyns was charming, tender, saucy and fascinating by turns. The audience could weep with her in her sorrow when her uncle pronounced sentence of banishment against her, or pity her when footsore, weary and hungry, she appeared for the first time in the Forest of Arden in male attire, and be in sympathetic touch with her when she personated the counterfeit Rosalind to Orlando. It was evident that she had penetrated beneath the mere surface of the text, and had measured the subtleties of her part." —The Japanese Village opened in Albury on the 28th January for a season of four nights. —That popular actor, Nat Douglass and wife (Miss Docy Mainwaring) back from their New Zealand trip. Their performances in Maori land are very highly spoken of by the local press. —U 6ome of our variety ladies (and gentlemen, too, for the matter of that) were to refrain from giggling on the stage and recognising friends in front, the Bhow would go just as well. Perhaps some of the fair sex persist in laughing in order to let us see what a beautiful set of teeth they have, but we'll take their word for it. If they want to go in for this sort of thing, why not do it properly ? If it's worth doing at all, it's worth doing well. Let them waltz up to the footlights wreathed in smiles, and, leaning out over the orchestra, shake hands with those of the audience they know, and enquire about family affairs; for instance, let them a6k," Is your father working?" "When's Sis going to get married?" "I hear Jimmy's got the measles?" "How many has he got of 'em, did he win 'em in a raffle, how much a member?" and "Oh, about that new dress you were mentioning, I'll call around and see it after rehearsal to- morrow," &c.; The audience would enjoy it, too. It's worth trying, at all events. —Oh t the hot weather. On Saturday night one of our check-takers took too much ballast (in the shape of colonial beer) on board. The manager came, saw and conquered. The impressario demanded the checks, the man at the door refused. The manager sought the kindly aid of a neighbouring policeman, who was there when wanted (factl). The checks, without further ado, were turned up to the manager, and now there is a check-taker roaming the streets of Melbourne in search of a job. —The following letter was written some years ago to the late Mr. Granby, a well-known comedian in Dublin, from Mr. Richard Barton, the brother-in-law of the wellknown Irish elocutionist, the Rev. Chancellor Tindall, D.D. The cause of the epistle was the non-reception of tickets promised for "The Rivals":— "Clod Hall. DEAB SIB ANTHONY,—I languish for that long-promised order, and am absolutely fagged travelling acres in search of you. For all you think of me, I might as well be in the Falkland Islands. It is well for you that I have no trigger at hand. To say the least, your neglect of me is very mal apropos.—Yours ever, DAVID." —At a family reunion in Baltimore recently, at the residence of Mrs. Anna M. Polk, widow of Col. James Polk, and mother of the comedian, J. B. Polk, three generations were represented—Mrs. Arianna Briscoe, her daughter; Miss Mattie Briscoe, her granddaughter, and Miss Mary Jenkins, her great granddaughter. Mrs. Polk is now in her 87th year. —An observant actor thus writes:—"I have always noticed that when the handsome leading man clutches at his half-exposed bosom, and observes, apropos of the beady-eyed villain that he' will follow him and ker- hill him,' all the soft-featured young ladies in the house give little bobs in their chairs, as if a quick, delicious heartbeat had jostled them out of their equilibrium. Sometimes little feminine squeals are unconsciously emitted. Do you know what that means? It is th" 'breaking out' of a very prevalent maiden's malady known as 'actor worship.' ... Were I a „ jeune premier with a poetic profile, or a star burlesquer with limbs that could be wafted at my bidding, I 6hould be made very tired with reading notes from aristocratic but indiscreet girls who would be forever inviting me to elope with them. This is exceedingly true, I assure. Why, it is a solemn fact that many girls at this moment are frightfully anxious to leave home and mother for the Bake of some fascinating hero of the boards, without even taking a spot of luggage with them to win the respect of a cabman or the trust of a hotel keeper. Whenever one of this sort becomes unduly excited in eulogising a' dear sweet fellow ' in top boots, whom she has seen strike to the earth an accommodating knave that gets paid- for being knocked down, I always say: ' Excuse me, please, but the gentleman drinks beer, and has a wife in Australia. He is a man, no more than that, take my word for it.' When I drop that icicle down a girl's back I have made a deadly enemy of her for several minutes. But I can't help it, for I am a ' humanitarian.'" —First burlesque actress.—I hear that Mme. Theo's presentation of "Adam and Eve" has failed in Paris. Second burlesque actress.—I thought it would. " You did ?" "Yes; Theo is awfully vain, and never had a part in her life that she didn't overdress." —Messrs. Maltby, Rollinson and Aginton, "Skatists," opened in Geelong on Saturday night in the Mechanics' Institute. Prices, 2s. and Is. Edith O'Gorman opened at the same place on Tuesday. —We learn by the cable that during a representation given by a Dramatic Company in Spitalfields, a false alarm of fire was raised. A panic took place, and in their frantic endeavours to escape, no less than seventeen people were crushed to death, while a large number were more or less injured, —Miss Jeannie Winston is now appearing in the "Queen's Lace Handkerchief," a pretty little bouffe opera, full of catchy BOIOS and fine choruses. Miss Winston, who has become a prime favourite in New York, plays the King. For splendid costuming and bright songs, it is said, this part offers the lady more opportunities than she had in the previous productions, and the audiences have not been backward in showing their approval of the lady's capital acting and singing. We wonder how long it will be ere we have the pleasure of welcoming this lady back again to Melbourne. —" I should like to box your ears," said Miss Tottie Titmarsh, one of our Melbourne chorus ladies, to an audacious young masher; and then added, reflectively, " if I could find a box big enough." —" The Peasant Queen," the libretto by B. C. Stephenson, is Billy 'Orace Lingard's latest. —He was sitting in the stalls witnessing the Yardley version of "Jack Sheppard." Said he to his intended, "Did yer ever see anything as good as thi6?" She replied, "No, never." When, arching his eyebrows, he chirruped, "Wot, never?" "Well, yardley ever," wedged in the other, and Mr. Jinkins, who wa6 passing through to the stage, fainted. He is now on the high road to recovery. —Wirth's circus is now touring the suburbs, and business is very good. Their last spot was Clifton Hill. —A good story anent Fanny Kemble floats across the horizon from the memory of an elderly lady who knew her well. . It was in the time when Boston was the great actress' nominal home, and her summers were spent there and in rural Massachusetts. She had engaged a worthy neighbour to be her charioteer during the season of one of her country sojournings, and they were setting out on their excursion. With kind-hearted loquacity he was beginning to expatiate on the country, the crops and theihistory of the people round about, when Fanny remarked, in her imperious dogmatic fashion, "Sir, I have engaged you to drive for me, not to talk to me." The farmer ceased, pursed up his lips, and ever after kept his peace. When the vacation weeks were over, and the dame was about to return, she sent for her Jehu and his bill. Running her eye down its awkward columns, she 2>aused. " Whatis this item, sir?" she said. "I cannot understand it," And with equal gravity he rejoined, "Sass—five dollars. I don't often take it; but, when I do, I charge 1" The bill was paid, and the tragedienne and the bucolic philosopher were fast friends ever after. —" At the last matinee," said the box-office keeper of the Chicago Opera House, "a lady noticeably dressed came and occupied a seat here (indicating the centre of the house). She had a bonnet shaped like a watermelon, and I thought to myself there will be trouble about that before Booth hurls the curse of Rome. Well, as soon as the curtain went up the lady removed the ill- shaped thing and held it in her lap. Then when the curtain fell she replaced her bonnet, taking it off when the second act came on, and thus repeating until the end of the play. What then ? Why, a delegation of gentlemen met her and informed her that there was a carriage waiting for her, and when she got into it she found a beautiful floral display and several little presents, and that nielli the delegation went down to her home on Prairie Avenue and serenaded her!" —It costs £200,000 a year to keep up the two royal theatres of Berlin. Some ^40,000 of this jingles from the rich Kaiser's purse. —To an inquirer who asks us what is the best thing to do first when you go on the stage, we should say, " Pay your fare." —Brown.—You have read my new play ? Fogg.—Yes. Brown.—And what do vou think of it ? Fog".—My dear boy, you have simply wasted your time. It will never do. It lacks all the essential elements of success. Brown.—As for example? Fogg—WTiy, I have read it through diligently, and cannot find a "damn" it it. How could you have been so thoughtless ? And that isn't the worst of it. You haven't put a single poker joke in it. A play in which some one of the actors does not say "damn" occasionally might go down with the audience, provided the actresses' costumes were sufficiently rich, but when in addition there is an entire absence of sly allusion to the noble game of draw poker there is no help for it. The audience, my dear boy, expects these things, and no playright who .knows his business will neglect to supply them. —Patti's mother was a lady of great determination of character. She sang in Norma on 9th Feb., 1843. Adelina was born at four o'clock next morning, and four days later Mamma Patti-Barili was singing again. Patti herself first sang upon the stage in New Orleans at the age of three. —Dion Boucicault is very exacting at rehearsals. On one of these occasions he tried to impress upon a young actor that when the play was actually given, a table would occupy the middle of the stage, and that while rehearsing he must imagine the object and keep out of its way. But the young man failed to retain the injunction, ana constantly stalked about in the space reserved for the table. Boucicault watched the proceedings for a while and then observed, in his smooth, sarcastic way : " My dear young friend, we will not call you fat, but really you under-estimate your avoirdupois. You are not yet ethereal enough to sift yourself through a table. If you don't fix that table in your mind you'll be crawling under it and jumping over it when we give the play. Now, my dear 6ir, kindly repeat your lines, and don't forget the table." —Mr. J. J. Foster (who took the Remenyi Concert Company from Australia) has returned to us, and, like a true man of business, he has launched out again now with Dr. Lynn. He took Remenyi and party through Java, Burmah, India, China, Japan, the Straits Settlements, the Phillipine Islands, and the Malay Archipelago after leaving the Sunny South, and was successful everywhere. He states he had a most delightful tour, but he is glad to get back to the genial climes of Australia again; he is as active as ever, but considerably thinner than when he left here. Mr. Foster has now entered into partnership with Dr. Lynn, and is arranging and preparing for a colonial tour. We wish him every possible success; he is deserving of it. —Dan Barry's Dramatic Company at latest in Narracoorte, where they are doing good business. Barry's repertoire comprises—"Snared," "His Natural Life," " New Babylon," " Tempted, Tried and True," &e.;, &c.; Mr. George Herbert, the comedian, is particularly well spoken of. From an up-country paper we extract the following:—" The ladies of the company are justly announced as young, handsome, and prepossessing, for nature has been lavish' in bestowing upon them all those attributes which lend charm to the fair sex and it] maun et I specimens or vae mumers an. we nave not space ."I individualise the various performers, whose mutiS I efforts made the play of' Snared' so complete a suociS I that its production may be regarded as the highest! standard of excellence reached by any company that I has visited us. Not only is their acting excellent, C their scenery and spectacular effects are quite a lio'veltv! in the way of stage device. Some idea of the amount SI scenery used by the company in their productions may he 1 gathered from the fact that they carry with them near]! I six tons of stage effects alone, besides wardrobe and otl\l I properties." q ] —Messrs. Brough and Boucicault's next production at the Opera House will be the London Gaiety burlesque oil the " Forty Thieves.'' Messrs. Spong and Kneebon. i have been busily engaged on some new and magnific^i I scenery for Bome time past. It will be staged and scenej I in all its original splendour, and the " Thieves " shouto J run -they do as a rule. 1 —I regret to hear that no hopes are now entertainedof I the recovery of that popular comedian, Arthur ~ wood. He is in Sydney, where he was stricken paralysis some short time back, and is rapidly sin}-1 in g. —At one of the Melbourne theatres there is a fine, L„ less than £2, "hanging" to the damaging of any sceuerf : —One of our Heaven-born Rickardses recently wanteij I to act. He went away with a small crowd of professional! I He put .£100 into the spec. He's £100 poorer now. Fame dear boy, fame! ' —He gave her her choice of Melbourne shows. " Wii] j it be opera, burlesque, pantomime, or circus ?" he asked. And she replied, blushing as red as her hair," Circus me» (When he saw the go-ak, sir-kiss me—well, if he did 1 couldn't blame him.) —Jim Kitts has gone into a new line of business. He is 1 running a pop-corn show in the market.—" One trial will j prove the fact, &c.;, &c.;" I —Mr. W. J. Holloway intends settling down in Brisbane I wliich, when translated, means that the good people oil Brisbane will have no end of theatrical novelties j" before them in really first-class style. —On fulfilling her Australian engagements it is more 1 than probable that Miss Minnie Palmer and the nou-l advertising Rogers will visit New Zealand. j — Miss An nis Montagu and Mr. Charles Turner, with a I complete opera company, are shortly to visit us. So that j we'll have no cause to complain as far as opera it I concerned. j —Talking of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Florence (who are] shortly to visit Australia) a 'Frisco paper thus:-" " The Florence season comes to a close with tbis evening's performance. Though som ething of an artistic I success, its financial result could have been somewhat] larger. The audiences have honoured the Florences uift ] numerous calls before the curtain, and have been 1 in their applause throughout the engagement. The] cleverness of these artists will not soon be forgotten, 1 if others attempt the same characters here they mavl expect to be criticised from the Florence standard, 1 There are few comedians upon the stage at the present] time so widely and favourably known as Mr. Florence,] and his talented wife lends not a little lustre to the per ] formances. There is a pleasantness about the acting that makes one wi6h for more the more one sees ] of her, and as she appeared in two pieces during this I week—'The Mighty Dollar' and the ' Flirt'—thoss who I failed to see her for the last time have only them selves J to blame." They come out under engagement to W.,G,f and M. 1 —Glancing up at one of the call boards the other mora- i ing, we discovered a notice to the effect that any of the I company turning up late on Treasury day (the italics are ours, wish the salaries were) would have to wait] until the following week to seethe ghost walk. Up to] time of our .going to press, however, there was not 1 solitary offender. Fancy a notice like this, and in a Mel-j bourne theatre, too. Next 1 I —The new lady illusion at the Waxworks appears to] mystify the crowds who go to see her. —The Simonsen Opera Company leave Melbourne oil their wanderings about the beginning of March, whetl they tour the colonies. The trip promises to be a verjl successful one. " The people" are being engaged forninel months. f —M: C. de Valmency has been giving Town Hall con] certs in Brisbane under Vice-regal patronage. I —Alf. Lawton is always greeted now with, "Say, did youj see my dawg ?" When Alf. turns to give the pedigree f that dawg, you can't see " the boys'" boots for dust. —The theatre of Marcellus in ancient Rome was cap-! able of holding 20,000 spectators. It was a fortress in thil middle ages, and subsequently passed into the possession! of the Orsini family. Only a few arches of it noi] remain. —Madame Patti knows only forty-seven operas, butehil is hard at work studying more. I —Miss Genevieve Ward is called by a London write'] the unquestioned queen of tragedy, and, added to hei] stately demeanour, is gifted with rare powers of intellect! and charming artistic culture. ] —Miss Maggie Moore (Mrs. Williamson), has arrived] safely in 'Frisco, after an absence of several years. , ] —Frank Clark, ever on the look out for something] fresh, took a run over to Sydney, where he has mads! several important engagements, of which more anon. I —When the truant inspector hauls fond parents up] before the courts to explain why the infants have not* attended school it's simply wonderful how the ringworm] travels. The latest excuse, however, is, " If yer pleese,yei] worship, he couldn't go to school, cos why he's beenaf travellin' with a circus." j —Whenever Miss Ellen Terry faces a fresh audience ] she invariably wears an Indian "luck stone." This,."! appears, she received as a present from His Royal ness the Prince of Wales, who had it from a native 1 elephant hunting some years ago in India. —Several members of Oscar Smith's tourist party] intend trying their luck on the Teetulpa Charley Holly is one of the crowd. , —It does look a little bit odd,though,to find the husband] of one of our favourite lady performers in front of >] night starting the applause when the wife finishes bet] "turn." ] —The MacMahon-Leitch New Zealand contingent hayel arrived in Melbourne again after a prosperous trip u] Maoriland. 1 —Mr. Harry St. Maur requests us to contradict the! rumours which have been circulated to the effect tbattej is about to become lessee of the Sydney Gaiety for' comedy season. Though he has no intention of opeifflS] at the Gaiety, it is not improbable that he will appear] later in the year at the Criterion with a strong company! and some important additions to his repertoire. Be flS"! just received " Antoinette Rigaud," the " Come®| Francaise" and " London St. James'" success, of' he has acquired the colonial rights. —A Western paper contributes this to the curreMI theatrical literature:—Indignant Actress—I wish, you would correct the false report about my EuropeWJ trip in your py>er. It states that I called on the Queeil Professional Puffer (taken abousk)—Really, you these things are not supposed to be true; they b e 'P. jl advertise you, and— " I have no desire to argue w;f point, sir; I wish a correction to be made immediately'] ' Oh, certainly, certainly, if you—" " No ifs if you P le ®f,| Print the truth, sir, the truth." " Yes, yes; what shall i| say?" " The Queen called upon me." 