Spring wood Ecliocs. BY THE' PRODIGAL, Tho ambitious ideas so injudiciously inciting the vast mnjority of tho sturdy Bluo Mountaineers ad verse to.tho general racoof the human family, Aiust eventually ■ involve tho; scheming ^community into ' 0])en,rebellipii or a,8ociftl revolution;* t ■By straining every nerve to create. nn attraction worthy ,o£ noticer inly resolving !not "to > hazard the honesty and* truth of'their'bwh convibtibrisf tho as pirations of those plotting bodies aro nevertheless greatly endangered of over realizing their vindictive ambitions. nnil discover to their intrinsic liormr that: ... . !OS'?-,.J1 ' _ Friend after friend departs ; ji Who hath not lost a friend 1 i Therqis.no union.hbroidfiliearts 1 • ' ' ' ,(|/lMiat finds not.horoafriend. i " Oh,'beauty I.Hlioii: vision 'of'ilblight, .tyranny, and damnation, save thy- frail-'prominont: ''push from utter, destruction, 'behold-your Bonnor, your " .Spoil!, and your Minsti'cl-boy,"look nt their shadows of formersplendour, yictjins, of.4 thy, smiles and. Oi'ueKy,; imploring1 thy' grace,:1 oh, ' boau'ty 1 Spoit-'iuay yet refrain from that delusion, which • must-';nccossarily dfiinw ;his,, soul .and / body, in everlasting' tortiu'6'and' 'nngiiishi''; But pray give, Nobby a show' to- morrow, tlwfc'hoalso may 'drink .tlu' cup of bitterness before maturity :is wholly do veloped." • Alas for the hushed sonoriflo. voice of,, tho Min- > strcl Orphan with his wild harp slung behind him, great.fears are entertained as to his future mombor ship for Jfiftsfci Sydrioy.No ..doubt - tv tour : through tho Australian continent would in ft groat' raoasuro roliovcithc'auxiety ofi'his former 'solemn 'promise; when Vowing by St. Patrick , (his .sainted patron), that the hfirp. that ouco-through Tarn's halls, shed i(s music on ''IJrotty Louise," shall for eyor iiarig ttitiio and dumb on Tara's walls ; for heaven only, knows ):Thou wcirjfc ijmdo to sing of thu .pure'.and! the fr'eo," consequently s." Thou , must never sound 'ill Slavery.".' .... ■; Jn the mansions on Mount Olympus,- Mare arid Ballona were wroth with anger, when such mortals • as memliera 'of ,S.L. and . D.O. wero. bnttling with tho Jicbes of (bo tap-rooms, for serving tho /lowing nectar with their own nlabnstpr bands, Furiated with such conduct ion, the,part of his "puppies,' Mais directed tlio invincible Omsar to ,exterminate finch unheard'of:'tyranny, for says -ho:" Down to Die diist with ye, cowavdvnnd slaves, down, down for ever 1 and slink to your groves." ; Tho''-**dio"was cast, arid the cbnquoring Crosar nluiift&d; boldly, into the oiiemy's ranks, and a turrilli'ti'strife ensued, in which Caius Julius Oo. tavius George Augustus Sala played a most pro minent part j eannous to the riglit of him, cannons to the left of him, he stormed and thundered, and assuming a defiant attitude he formed a deadly target for the poisonous arrows of the vandalising oppressors. Behind the ramparts of the citadel, the veteran Major, decorated with the Soudan medal, made a bold stand, again and again be rallied his little army, and with bombs and shells greatly harassing advancing invaders, , Mortally'wounded, Bonnor Lepidus was carried back to the Forum, where his wounds were dressed immediately j he, however tore open the bandages and gave up his ghost, and sits now among the gods, Jupiter. Vulcan, arid Bacchus, disdainfully ignoring the existence of poor Spoil. The battle was ended, and a brilliant victory for for the Romish legions, while dreaming of home and beauty and reiterating women and wine. Then it was that Cicsar in all his glory sent his undying laconic despatch to the Senate, veni, vidi, vici. The Bcene of the engagement was magnificent to behold, as when Tasso remarks : " Horror itself in that fair sight sccm'd fair, and pleasure flew amid sad dread and fear." Prince of Wales Birthday cast a gloom of disap pointment on a scmi-religous and political body, as the firmament of the heavans objected to the blooming oranges, while Shamrock laid dead within and unable to obtain a Home Rule for Ireland, Nothing daunted, oranges were gathered under the cloak of night blooming ripe and yellow; to the disgust of St. Patrick when viewing his treasured Shamrock, wither and die. " Prod "—Your " Echoes " of the 20th ultimo only camc under my notice to-day. You ask who is " Prod "? I say the egotistical " Prod,"; timo will tell. A coupon has been issued by an enterprising resident offering two cents to any one that is lucky enough to name him. Each one to send in the name in the form of an advertisment to the Nepcan Timet VHth an enclosure of twelve photos of Her Majesty, What a time A, C. will have. I have seen a few of the coupouB as filled in; viz : No. 1 of tnc squeaker ; 2, a diminutive branch of the law j 3, the native companion : 4, the Peacock, ' I plump for the Triplicate arid their surnames set down by letter and taken nummcrially amount to number 23. " Prod." I am a clairvoyante, in. proof of which I will give the modus opcraiidi of the " Prod's." Echoes—time 10.30 p.m. Room official brilliantly lighted with O.S. kerosene. On the desk ahetcro-: geneous mass of books conspicuous amongst them could be seen Webster, Ariosto, The, Young Ladies Journal, Bow Bells, and" G.P.R. James' Lurid lights from the battlements of ; the > ruined. old; castle. .. . , „ , , ', .,r, .• No. 1—Is " Prod." seated on a stool, and his eyes wear the expression of an eel thati has been absent from his natural element for some time. No, 2— " Prod." is leaning, affectionately over "Prod,"No. 1, [and is supplying' thc necessary amount of local gossip for, the Echoes; .--After being roughly; drafted., they arc then'submitted, to No. 3 tho/'Sky Pilot," who uses a thick coat of literary varnish to make them readable. The only fatted calf that " Prod." can possibly refer to must bo the reflection that he sees when he uses his 'three cent mirror "for the purpose of adjusting thp few straggling hairs that adorn, his , expressionless; countenance."'Don't' " Prod.": rack your brains about' thegordian knot' which Alexander., severed with, his sword.. .The, Echoes of " Prod." are'likc Jpsepli's. coat, 'of-many, colors, ariOko urit'o it are a motley amalgamation. " Prods." reference to the, bankrupt concertina re minds me: of the' story- of a certain servarit who used to boast of having kicked his master, but in variably omitted to mention the considerable dis tance that intervened between, them, at, the time. Bankruptcy is rather a: distinction just now es pecially with politicians, as it tends' to, prove their patriotism, honesty, &c;, • Perhaps the concertina may.yet come to!the fore, and .then if so: no doubt " Prod," and Co will devote some time to its music. " Prods." allusion; to the " Patriaroh'"' is uncalled for, as his chief; fault ishis excess of hospi-, tality ; if I mistake not' " Prod." and his confreres have visited the ruined castle many , times at his expense. As I am a staunch democrat I wish '• Prod," would cast to the four winds of heaven or any other place,'the nihilist, the royalist, and the Czar ; then Springwood would become a modern Eden. A" "" I saw the reputed " Lily Rose," he was decorated with one of the bone house jubilee handkerchiefs round his ncek reaching up to his expansive ears. You could see the •'Lily " like top of his cranium when he was in the act of doing homage'to a be witcliiug.littlofairy, ■ : Farewell " Prod " and Co, I will D.Y, revisit you next spring, and with a view to cementing our friendship I; will forward the usual insignia be stowed by our sovereigns in old ! times on their special court favorites,.viz : a cap and bells. KOSE THOEN. 