Ittovelist. | nAMTKSXEST. I A Love Story. Bv Atiia. (Concluded .) ' '. ' ! CHAPTER 111. . Hi mouth went by, and Torn Wildolove 1 his friend were fully settled ntEldon ?y. The formev had decided to livo h his sister in tho pretty retreat, and rry, a? a thinu' he insisted upon after first few days, took up his abode at i Pier Hotel, beyond the Domain. 1 There is no knowing how lon^r I may y in New Zealand,' ho said. ' I have in a restless Bohemian all my days, and jrefore may find it difficult to settle Kin in a humdrum sort of existence.' I' Why not purchase a place hero, and Ike ft your home,' suggested Miss' rtia Wildelovc, '' by your own showing ur Biihemianism in the past has not ?o cd!' it id1 n'f mte.'' ,S\joh, Madam, Mr. Maydalo's en 1 vising spirit could never brook such ' life as ours,' responded Oscar Bent, .; supercilious air. . ?jy were all in the garden together, ..tying the cool of the October evening; .-ra and her father sido by side, she with |r arm locked through his,' her faco ra Jint with happiness. ] .'larry Maydale tinned his dreamy eyes 1 *\i ! hear sis that gentleman made this Imecessary remark, |'1 don't think you know mo sufficiently In arrant your saying such a thing Mr. lent,'' ho said, with just n shade of con lni|it in his tone. ' 1 know the old adage Ixnit the rolling stone, but that is not l-|ilic;\ble in my case.1' I 'Well, a man cannot serve two' masters,' pponilod Oscar; 'you canuot make a Ixxl citizen out of a wanderer.' I ' 1 beg to differ with you. it is your lilgrim — weary and worn with travol, who mil best appreciate a homo ; what do you By Myra V I Harry had somehow glided into tho labit of appealjng to her iu small matters If conversation* but that was not tho worst If it. His calling her Myra without tho Irefix of Miss, was an importineuco which hade Oscar Bent pale with suppressed Inzer. ? ' I Tom Wildelovo, whoso oyos had leeu fixed upon Oscar with a watchful iu ?crest, now tilled his pipo and proposed a ?troll. I ' We luiiiht go as far as tho summit of Hk- clil!', ' he suggested, ' it is many years ?ince 1 was at tho lover's scat.' I '()li. yes, very many years, brother,' ?ulded the old maid. ' ' Tho spot seems to ?nelikotho brook iu some things — lovera Kunie and lovers go, but tho seat keeps Hhero for ever.' 1 '? Uravo, Portia/' cried the sturdy old Bellow with a laugh, ?' you have improved Wpou the oid song.' ? They went up to the top of tho jagged Brock, J larry koeping by Myra's sido, Oscar ?sulkily following, in company with tho old ?dame and her brother. Tho evening was ?well suited for such a ramble, for, as ?tho daylight had died out of the sky, the [full moon lent a soft ahouh in lieu of it, so ?that it seemed twilight still to tho littlo I party. Tom Wildolovo and Oscnr lny on ?tho turf, and Myra and Hurry aat upon ? tho lovers' scat. None of them scorned ? inclined u- tail; save tnc spinster, who pne 9 ing to mid fro, like a sentinel on some I ni^ht watch tour, treated them to a lee I turo on the advantages and disadvantages I of tho falling di w 'After that, it U ca r.o I'luitc a (juakei-s' meeting with them. Now I and then a few sparks of chat were struck, I hut thinking was most in favor. It was I only when they began tho return journey I homoward that thoir tongues wero loos ? ened. I 'Hike that lovor's seat,' said Hurry, I with a suddenness that surprised overy I l'ody ; ' it is the prettiest spot on earth- ; I tho view is magnificont. I ' Not so wild and grand ns some places I wejhnvo visited,' said Tom Wildolove. I 'No, but richer, more mollbw, if I I inity uao tho term,' replied Harry, 'I I was never in a placo I liked bo woll ; tho I littlo good there is in mo was suroly I uppermost as 1 Bat there to night,' ', I 'And F felt happy too,' said Myra, I I hojio our joy is to lust.'.' . , ? . I 'Why should it not?' nskeit Harry I 'c&'.'Ul-]y. . ' .' ?.'-?:!? .':,??. . :? I . 'I don't know !'' Myra replied; ' oXoopt. I ' wojiyo.toVl no juy in this life in lusting. 'C I ' if wt; tin not mar our joy, .ofchoi'svijo I il for ii.i,' Oscar iitlcr|io.' od. '? I Tlioy did nut answer him,; and ho' said no more. The others talked gaily all the way homo. Harry Maydale took a groat fanoy to that seat on tho cliff ; ho was often up thore, but when alone, tho placo seemed to have lost all its charms. Searching for a causo, tho . young adventurer soon dis covored that Myra's presonco was neces sary to tnako his joy complete, and so it dawned upon him that ho had givon up his heart, unsolicited to Myra, and henco forth ho 'could not hope to livo happily' without her. It wafe a great discovery, a tromondous revelation, and it appalled him, for ho felt that tho noico of proud Miss Wildelovo was as high— both socially and personally —above him as tho heavens aro above tho earth. . His first impulse was to start away at once for some out of way cornor of tho world. Ho even sot himself to scan tho different sliipping columns of the news papers, and whon ho had docided on tho voyage, ho changed his mind as suddenly as ho had previously resolved. 'Why should 1 run away?' ho said, 'That is.notthoact of a man; it would only bo leaving her open to tho worrying of this maudlin jack-a-nape3 Bent, who seems as watchful and as morbid as one of his Maori ancestors. Tho rivalry between these two men became more noticeable, every day. In stinctively, Harry felt that Oscar hated him, and had the latter possessed no nioro control over himself than tho former, thero would havo boon war to tho knife. Although Oscar was jealous and angry at the pleasure Myra took in tho socioty of his rival, yet ho felt pretty sure of her. Ho inherited abundant vanity from his mother, as well as beauty of porson, and ho called to mind tho many happy years they had spent almost together, not to feel certain that Myra lpvod him. Ho blamed himsolf for not having put tho question to her before tho arrival of her father and his friend, but ho resolved to do so U-o first opportunity which pre sented itself ; in the meantime ho became inoro attentive to Myra — just in opposition to his rival, who became more reserved and shy in tho presence of Tom Wildolovo's daughter. The spiustor did not notico tho change in the manner of her young guests, but her brother did ; ho knew Bomothing of men and tho world, and ho interpreted the emotions of theone',ashosawclearly tho object of tho other ; ho did not interfere, however. 'Opposition' he said, 'would bo fatal. Myra is a woman, aud if I say what I can discom to be tho truth about this Oscar Bent, sho will straightway fall in lovo with him.' Perhaps tho old man was right ; but was Myra really and truly in love with her old playmate ? Wo shall seo ! Oscar Bent had not long to wait for the , occasion to plead his case. On a certain day, Mx. Wildolove and TTurry wont out. for a day's deep-sea fishing, Myra was to havo accompanied them, out at the last moment, her aunt was attacked with a severe headache, so tho girl remained at homo. That same afternoon, when tho brunt of tho old lady's attack had passed away mid she had fallon asleep, Myra wont out into tho garden with hor needle- work. In Diio quiet corner thero wa3 an ivy-colored bower, a favourite lounging place, and thither she wont. Fivo minutes after wards, Oscar Bent joined her. She was not particularly surprised or pleased to see him, but accepted his com ing as. a matter of course Ho was rather pale, and she asked him if ho waa unwell. 'I havo no bodily ailment!' ho said, 'but I am not happy.' Sho looked at him in astonishment now, and saw his gaze fixed upon hor with an expression she' had never seen before. Sho shrank from it, though, with an idea of its meaning dawning on he. 'Not happy !' sho repeated. No!' ho responded, drawing closer to her ; ' Myra, dear Myra, I want to ask you to recall something to your mind. Do you romember that day whon you and I sat upon tho lovej-s' seat, watching the sraoko of tho steamer that brought' your father homo 1' 'Assuredly I do Oscar! it 13 but a very-short time ago.' ' Can you recall anything I said tnat day V' ' 1 daresay I could ; wo talked of many things!' ' '' But I want you to recall something very particular.' . . Myra l-ont down hor head thoughtfully, and briefly meditated on tho subject, but nothing caino of it. ' ' ' I am sorry, Oscar, . sho said, .1 can not recall anything particular. It is vory unkind of ino no doubt, but you must re mombor what an exciting day it was.' ' True, Myra ! well, I will recall tho subject. I asked if you would bo sorry if I went away from Now Zealand ?' ' Oil ! I remember that, Oscar ! but you worn, jesting,' sho answered, smiling. 'Perhaps; but Myra, can you not guess tho object of tho question T' Again Myra rotlected, but reflection did not aid her at all. Ho was getting angry now, for he folt he had already got hia answer ; noverthcle3s ho stemmed tho torrent of his wrath, and pressed his suit. ' Myra,' ho said, 'lam going to say to-day what I ought to iiavo said then. Wo Iiavo boon school-follows, have grown up woman and ?'man -together, and you havo so become part and parcel of myself, thr.ll ? ' v. ' , ' r 'Oscar, you must pardon me, out } think I hoar my aunt's voice,' sho criod hurriedly . ^ . ? ,., ?, 'Nay, you cannot go untilyou havo heard mo,1'1 ho answered, barring tho way. 'No. lio, you had bolter not speak, she said, in a tono of distross. 'I am not suro I undorsUindi but if I do I should bo very sorry to ? ' ' Sony, Myrn ! would you bo sorry to loarn that I lovo you ?' 'No, not with tho old love !'? ' What old love? Mino has boon tho same throughout all'thoso yoara 1' ' I moan brothorly lovo, Oscar,' His groat black oyos flashed out at hor. 'Myra, mine is not a brothorly lovo, it is something doeper, bettor than that !' 'No! no 1 Oscar I' 'But 1 say.'yosl yes!' ho cried vehemently, ' it is tho lovo that binds mon and women togothor for timo, and ns some believe, through eternity. I ask you,Myra, to bo my wife ?' She coverod hor fnco with hands for a moment, without replying; then rIio looked up at him, and tho tears were in !e.'iyhavo noyer thought of you iu that -wiiVv Osonr, no^evar uould I1 sho said ; '' my lf'vn foivyim has hcon.Biaterlyufn.m lluviirsi, and will 'ever rmn.iinso ; tho; ui covory 1 hnvo nmdo has inoxprossibly pained me. I wiah from my heart you had not uttered what you have !' '.Perhaps if I had spoken two months ago, it would havo been different 1' His voice was hard and cold now ; all the Maori in him was uppermost. _ ' What has two months ago to do with it, Oscar? It would havo been thesamo then as it is now 1' ' I do not believe it 1' ' Osc ? Mr. Bent 1' ' I repeat I do not believe it,' ho cried, stamping his foot. It waa a deliberate insult to hor, and she drew herself proudly up, and aignod for him to stand out of her path. 'I cannot talk further with you now,' sho said. iuyra ? juisa wuoelovo, hear me 1 'No more, sir.' ' You are offonded ?' ' It is a direct insult to doubt the truth of what I say. If you ore a gentleman you will atand asido I' ' One momont. If Harry Maydale had not come, then——' Ho stopped short, for tho hitherto meek and gentle Myra, became suddenly trans formed into an outraged womau. ' How daro yon (' sho cried, hor blue eyes ablaze with scorn. 'By what right do you protend to read tho secrot of my heart ?' ' You lovo this uncouth, ignorant Bohemian '' snoered Oscar. 'I do not deny that 1 lova a manly, noblo fellow, who is utterly incapable of playing the part of a bully !' sho answored, with withering contempt ; aro you satis tied now ?'' And then ho lot her go. CHAPTER IV. From that time a change came over Os car Bent. Ho did not ceaso his visits to Hawksnest, or show any different feelings to Myra, save that he was less attentive than of yore, but more courteous in his demeanour when they met. The change lay in his general modo.of action. Hither to ho had ueon tho princo of idlers, now he bocamo vigorously active. Swimming, boating, aud fishing became his sole study. An old fisherman, who lived alone amongst tho crags of Mount Tangahiti and who knew every shoal and rock along the coast, was tho young fellow's coach and tutor, and ho found in Oscar a willing and apt student. Myra was glad to note tho chango in him. His present mode of living conveyed tho impression to hor womanly soul, a deep and lasting regret for his misconduct, and not that alone, but this vory distraction from hiB previous pursuits appeared only as a means whereby ho sought to forget his lovo. If such was the case, Oscar had succeeded to perfection, for tho girl roadily forgave him and returned to her old ways in his company. The chansn hnA ito »IWf ol°° «r«' Myra's father and his friend. By degrees the nreindico folt by those twain asjainst lim melted away. Ho was so hearty and genial to both, that, thinking thoy had hastily misjudged tho man, thoy wero all :ho rnoro ready to extend tho hand of friendship. Meanwhile, Myra andJHarry wore drawn togothor, with the inevitable result. Their liearts had long beat insympathy, and thoir Iip3 could not'withold the secrot. He pro posed in his honest, straightforward fash ion, and was accepted. She loved him, ind why should she bo prudish and assume z doubt when no doubt existed ? So she said, ' Yes,' and thero was great rojoic ing at Hawksnest. Oscar Bent was very warm in his con gratulation. Ho told Myra that ho was ploased at hor choico in spite of what had happonod, and to Harry ho said that of all men in New Zealand,' ho would havo chosen him to marry his ' sister , Myra.' Harry thankod him and replied that ho would endeavor to mako hor happy. Ho purchased a block of land near tho villa, and gavo ordorsfor tho orection of ajsub stantial dwelling thoreon. As Oscar showed somo architectural tnslo, ho was often consulted about tho work going on. Ho gavo his advice cheerfully and scorned anxious about the house as if it had been his own. While all theso preparations wero going forward, Oscar and Harry spent much of tho time togothor in tho formor's sailing boat, cruising about tho rocky coast. Harry was very fond of tho wator, and Oscar's cutter was a wonder in tho way of boat building. It wanted just a week to tho all import ant 'day, that was to seo Myra and Hnrry mail and wifo, when Osciir and Maydalo ...ntif .till fill* 11 flllv'H Silil. It was a Into autumn day, rather cold, with a chopping wind knocking about, tho son. Tom Wildolovo helped them to got tho bont ready, ' and advised them to koop well in shore. '.There is no knowing what such a morn ing may bring forth in tho way of a galo ere nisjht,' he said. ' We arc not going far, sir;' answered Oscar; then turning to Harry ho added, ' If you think there's anything to fear, pray don't go,' ; Harry laughed. ._ ' I'vo- been used to a rough life, nml thoroforp don't mind rough woathor. Be sides you can maungb your boat to porfoc IO''No man better, I'll' go bail;', ojneu lntod Jack Cod, tho old fisherman, who stood by, sinokin» a short blnck outty. ? Thov ran the boat down and leaped in as sho 'shot into the soa. Tho square main sail imd foresail wore set, with a roof in the former, and Oscar took tho holm. ' I think' we will runout by tho innga Roof, wo got loss wind thoro,' ho said. 'I understood tho Tanga rocks woro dangerous,' replied Harry. '?'To thoso who havo not Btudiod them, no doubt thoy aro,' responded his com panion, ' but thoro is no real pleasure without a triflo of danger to give it zest. I know ovory foot of this coast, and can sail within pistol shot of tho roof. You \s tho boat got out into tho trough of tho short wavos ho was in high spirits, and his manner wns more hko that of a school boy lot looso for a holiday than a man out for an hour's enjoyment. ' You aro gay this morning, Oscar. 'Very «ay, my frioud You ahnll wit noss soinoiino sailing this day, if tho wind only holds.' 'It will hold, I think. 'Ihoposo. Besidolhavoasurprisom storo for you, Maydalo.' 'What is it V' 'You shall soo presently. ? Tho Tanga rocks lay about two miles nnd a-hulf to the enst of the olill'atEldonbury,. mid t hoy wore worthy- of boing termed' diuviuiiuH. lllack in i hppiinra'rico,1 nn|\ fiitaT to any vessel, lurgo or smnll, Hint ehnnoe might enst iu their vicinity. At high tide they peeped no more than a few f eot above tho wavos on a calm day, and when tho wind waa high, foam alone marked thoir whereabouts. At low tide thoy were still surrounded by wator, for they were ugly, razor-backed masses of Btono, that had their foundation in tho sand full fifty fathoms down. On this day, and at tho hour tho boat started, the tide was almost at its highest point, and nothing but foam about them could bo seen. As they drew nearer, Harry, who had somo littlo knowledge of seamanship, saw that the place presented ono huge bar of while curling breakers in front, and to right and left of them, with not so much as the ghost of a passage for tho boat, which was now madly plunging right in amongst them. 'It is madness to attempt a passage thero, ho shouted. ' Put up the helm !' ' You coward, bo quiot,' cried his com panion, laughing hoarsely. ' I told you I was going to surprise you, so I am.' ' Put up your helm, or by tho ? ' ' Do you threaten mo, and here?' in terrupted Oscar, with an- oath, his faco suddenly assuming tho ferocity of a tiger cat. Harry saw tho change, and know what it meant. Ho had seen many dangorous men during his wanderings, and he saw that ho had one to deal with now. ' H — 11 seize you.' j'elled tho now in furiated Oscar. ' Keep back from mo. Tho sight of you is poison to my soul. For months I've played my game and fooled you all. I've brought you to your fato, aud yonder whito-facod cat at homo may mew for your coming until tho trump of doom. Boforo ho could utter another word, Harry threw himself upon him, and a fu rious struggle took place for the posses sion of tho tiller. They wero both strong mon, ono with a latent devil in him fight ing for revenge, the other battling for his life. Do all he could, Harry Maydalo could not move his antagonist from his grip of tho holm, until 'tho frail vessel crashed upon the rocks. ' Hurrah ! This shall bo your weddiug day,' shrieked Oscar, and tho next moment tho sea and rocks rent tho craft to pieces, and both men went down. They were locked together as tho waves cist them up again to tho surface, and Oscar, being nearest to tho sharp-cutting reefs, received a cruel blow, which in stantly caused him to releaso his hold upon his rival. Harry was a strong swimmer, but he washalf stunned, and blinded by the spray. Ho felt that tho chauces of escapo wore small, but the thous ht of Myra nerved him to mako tho effort. How long he fought with tho whirling eddies, and tho soothing cauldron' into which ho had been cast, ho never could estimate. A man will fight hard for his life, and especially a man on the evp of lictujj muiiitiU. -'viiur much ouliefing, nnd when his strength was well-nigh gono, Harry Maydalo found himself in smoother water. Even here he was tossed and tumbled about like a worthless cork, until suddenly a far-off voice roached his ears— 'Ahoy, mate! This way;' nnd tho exhausted swimmer know it was tho voice of Jack Cod, the fisherman. By-and-by a boat approached, and a rope was cast close to him, which he seized and hold. ' I saw your danger, my lad, and put out after yo,' cried tho old salt, as ho hauled Harry into tho smack. 'But, I say what has become of Mr. Oscar?' ' Whore is ho ?'? gasped Harry., Thore was a pause for a moment, and then Jack cried out — '.??-'.' 'Ah, there ho is, in the whirlpool, of the Tanga !' . ' ' ! 'Stoorfor him. Fifty-pounds if you save him !' ? : Tho fisherman steered, hut it- was. too lato. Oscar Bent, like his antagonist, waa completely exhausted. Just at tho moment whon, ho saw his 'hated' rival, safe in tho boat, n huge wavo lifted him bodily up, and dashed him a mangled corpse on tho roof. ???:??: ? : ' jc dangerous manj Harry. You had a narrow squeak for it, boy,'-, said Tom Wildolovo. ; 'Iliad indeed,- air,' said,' tho young fellow, dolling hia .hat, with' a foeling of reverence and gratitude. ; . '....?? j Tho two woro wnlkilig tho littlo gnrduii pnthbeforo tho villa, a week ;nftor the tragic affair, at tho Tnnga rocks. ' It wns wise of you to keep the' affair to yourself, Harry. ' ' ?' 'Ayo^-sir. Bettor boar it than let Myra know what was hidden : in her. old playmate.' ' ? ?'?'|' ' 'io do sure, iau. lour woucuug win Iiavo to bo postponed for thrco months j that will be a trial.' ? ?-.???? 'Perhaps, sir.' . Aud so it was Bottled. . Only two mon in Eldonbury know tho secret of that catastropho-at the. Tnnga Robf. -. ? ??? - ? ' ?-??:.. 