Local and General News. POLICE COURT.—Tuesday, July 5. (Before the P.M.) Larceny. Mary Lackey, charged with larceny, was remanded till the following day, in order to allow of further charges of larceny be ing heard against the accused. (Mr. James M'Lean here joined the Bench.) Profane Language. I George Morson was charged with using profane language on the 29th ult. Defendant pleaded guilty to one expres sion, viz., " Ghost." Charles Ramsay, an auctioneer, deposed to hearing the expressions made use of in the information, by the defendant, on the 29th ult. Cross-examined by defendant: You used the words to Mr. Wilson, and re peated them two or three times. Will! positively swear this. Did not name the words you made use of to the constable. Cornelius Fitzgerald, tobacconist, said he heard the defendant make use of a pro fane expression. By the accused : Was not certain whe ther you used the expression, "By the Holy Ghost," or the " Living Holy Ghost." John Harper, hotelkeeper, deposed to hearing the defendant use the expres sion, "By the Holy Ghost." Charles Wilson, auctioneer, deposed that he did not hear the defendant make use of the words complained of. Was selling at the time, and there was a great crush of people. Had a few words with defendant. By the police : Wished to have the de fendant removed, as he was obstructing the sale. ! Constable Swan said that he was pre sent on the date the words were said to ; have been used. Heard defendant's voice, he thought, say " The Holy Ghost." By the Bench: Would have arrested the defendant if witness was sure that he was the person who used the ,words heard. There were a great number of persons present, and great confusion. Constable Elliott deposed that he was present at the sale on the 29th ultimo. Heard none of the expressions said to have been used. By the Bench : The hearing of witness was not defective. There was a great dis turbance at the time. The defendant stated to the Bench that he was excited by the sale going on against his wish. Mr. Wilson said that he wished to cor rect an error. Defendant did not, as stated in former evidence, tender him (Mr. Wilson) the full amount to pay off the bill of sale held by witness from the firm for which he was acting. The P.M. said there was no excuse for the defendant using the profane language complained of. The Bench found defend ant guilty of using the profane expres sions, but, allowing that this case should have been heard with the other, would now fine defendant £3, or three months. The P.M. here took exception to the report in the Armidale Chroxicle rela tive to the former case against Morson for using obscene language. The report in the Express was very accurate. As a rule he had no occasion to find fault with the newspaper reports in either paper. ] 