NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. It is proposed to establish a butter factory at Camden. The total number of convictions fer drunkenness in the colony during the year was 22,294 A correspondent suggests that a most original name for the colony would be " Geebungia." The Government intend to bring in a bill for regulating the conduct of life assurance societies. The Royal Bank of Queensland will shortly declare a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent, for the half-year. Extensive" preparations are being made for the demonstration to be held on the opening of the Gosford Railway. Sir Henry Parkes is to visit Orange on the occasion of the laying ot the foundation stone of the new town-hall. D. Braithwaite has been disqualified for eix months for suspicious running in the Newcastle Grand Handicap. In the Paroo district, Qaeensland, there is now plenty of feed and water, but pleuropneumonia is very prevalent. The Brisbane Association of Politicians have published their revised scheme advocating a State-aided village settlement. The Minister for Justice has decided to settle the Gosford deadlock by removing the police magistrate to another district. Work has been found during the last fortnight for upwards of 400 unemployed men by the Casual Labour Board in Sydney. Sister Mary Xavier, of the Goulburn Convent of Mercy, died last week of consumption, and was buried in the convent grounds. The Queensland Trades and Labor Council have decided that employers and foremen shall be excluded from sitting on the council. The dead bodv of a man, afterwards identified as Chas Ellis, a vagrant, was found ia the scrub near the kerosene works, Alexandria. H.M.S. Nelson left for a trip amongst the South Sea Islands on Monday, and on her return she will visit Melbourne and Hobart. Sir George limes has decided not to grant bail to Henry Borsboom, now awaiting trial in Sydney, for the alleged murder of his wife. It is expected that the new Patents Bill, •which come imr. force on August 1, will largely increase business at the Patents Office. 1 278,613 gallons of spirits, 185,022 gallons of wines, and 2,330,476 gallons ot beer were imported into the colony during the year 1886. Captain Poole, of the whaling barque John andWinthrop, reports that Mount Tinakula in the New Hebrides has become an active volcano. It is understood that a new scheme by the Minister for Mines for dealing with the rabbit pest includes the fencing in of 12,000,000acres of land. The Lismore Council views with the greatest alarm the impassable state cf the roads leading to end from Lismore puring the past six months. . • . , -ni- It is probable that the Licensing Act will be amended in order to cope with the growing evil of private bars kept by questionable characters. „ _ . It is probable that the Government, during the recess, will consider the proposal to extend the penny postage system to all places accessible by rail. The Very Bev. Dr. Murphy, of St. Mary's Cathedral, has been appointed to the rectorship of St. John's College, vice the Rev. D. F. Barry, resigned. The Gralton Council intend applying to the Government lor a.special grant of .£1000 to find work for the unemployed of the district on the Toads. Lord and Lady Brae?ey gave an " at home " on Saturday afternoon on the Sunbeam to the members of the Royal Sjdney Yacht Club and their lady Irieuds. Should ltie Minister lor Minesconclude that the Bulli Commissioners' report warrants criminal proceedings against auyone, they will at once be instituted. Mr. John M'Mahon, son of Alderman M'Mabon of Sydney, on Friday drowned in tie Jembaicumbene C<eek. uear Biaidwcod, while duck shooting. Mr. Ed. Pulsford, secretary nf the Free Trade Association, shows that, compared wi-h 1886, our imports Irom January to July, 1887, have fallen by £2,449,609. Beach is haviug his boat fitted with a new and ingenious slide made by Mr. Thomas Spencer, and said by authorities to be the m)Et perfect yet invented. A motion of Mr. Copeland'd that all exmembers of the Legislative Assembly be entitled to free railway pisses, was carried in that Chamber by 27 to 23. The total amount spent by Government in prosecuting the alleged wool frauds was £3973, Mr. Salomons appropriating £2152 10i. 6d. and Mr. Wise £731 5?. 61. The Chief Justice ol Queensland announces that in every case in which a prisoner before bim is found guilty of indecent assault he will add flogging to the sentence. Mr. M. B. Anderson, manager of the A.J.S. Bank at Yass, w.is enttrlaint-d at a valedictory meeting last week, on the occasion of his leaving for another appointment. While searching for the outward and visible signs of a reported ghost, the police at Tuddenham, near Penrith, came across a quantity of partially burnt human bones. Owing to the late rains, the Macquarie River below Dubbo has broken over its banks. The water is far out on the plains, ensuring plenty of grass for the coming season. A resolution was passed in the Tasmanian Asjembly last week that a Royal Commission be appointed to inquire into the causes of typhoid fever and the best means for checking it. Three weeks were occupied in the coronial inquiry over the Peat's Ferry accident, and 42 witnesses were examined, some three times. It is expected that the cost will reach about £1200. Mr. David Buchanan has been invited by the Protection Union of Bathurst to deliver a lecture on protection in that city. He has accepted the invitation, and will lecture on the 26th instant. A young goods clerk named William Ritchie has had his foot torn off and leg stripped to the bone in the Wallerawang railway station yard, in an unsuccessful attempt to jump upon a truck in motion. The whole of the Australian colonies have assented to a suggestion made by the Australian Natives' Association that January 26, the date of the first settlement, be proclaimed a national holiday. The Colonial Treasurer accompanies Lord Carrington and party to Deniliquin, where they will lie given a public reception. Mr. Barns wiil probably deliver an address at Maitland on his return. Later investigations having caused a doubt as to whether any infringements of the Stamp Duty Act ImvH thkrtn place, further inquiry is being made to ascertain whether the proposed prosecutions are necessary. Seven thousand three hundred and thirtyfive suits were commenced in the Metropolitan District Court during the year ending March 1, 1887. Of these 3960 wi re 6tttled without heaving, and 2972 were tried. The salary of Mr. Angus Mackay, instructor in agriculture under the board of the Technical College, Sydney, is £500 per annum. Mr. Mackay has had 20 years' practical experience ot Australian agriculture. Dr. H. G. A. Wright, the victim of the recent criminal conspiracy in Sydney, was on Friday presented by Sir AltTel Roberts with a purse of sovereigns and address of sympathy on behalf of the medical profession. Mr. Haynes, M.LA., addressing his constituents at Mudgee on Saturday, declaimed against the centralising system ot government which enriched the city, beggared the country and made Parliament a club of log-rollers. Lord SbaVteibury was a passenger by the p.s. Guthrie, wnich arrived at Sydney on Saturday from %>ochow. He intends " doing" the Australian colonies and returning to Loudon via New Zealand and Cape Horn. Mr. Burns stated in the House last week that there is no provision in the Civil Service Act under which old civil servants have to retire. Officers have the option of retiring at the age ot 60, but the Act does not compel it. The Treasurer has given notice to a largp number of men on the extra staff of the Customs Department that their services will not be required after the end ot September, the collection of the advalorem duties ceasing at that time. A valuable discovery of auriferous quartz leels has been made in the Bunra Range, near North Pine. Queensland. If is estimate! to give 7oz or 8 ^z. of gold per ton. The shaft is 25ft. dec-p, and has developed a large body of 6tone. A Wesleyan commission, consisting of the Rev. W. R. G. Stephenson (President of the Conference), Rev. G. Brown, aijd Mr. P. P. Fletcher, has been despatched from Sydney to w.quiie into the affiirs of that church in Tonga. A report has been received from Raymond Terrace to the i ffcct that the lndy of a man, identified as that ot Mr. Hambv, who had been missing from his home in Maitland for 18 days, has been recovered in the river at that town. Mr. Luscomhe in the interview with the Chinese Commissioneis, said the woiking people of the colony looked up-in the commissioners as a second edition of the Babylonish ambassadors to wh^m King H>z>kiah Unwittingly showed the riches of I«rael. A ciblrgram has been received from Sir S^ul Samuel confirming the statement that the postal authorities in Fiance resist the r<duction of transit charges on mails ou account of a conveution with the railway companies, but that they will agiin consider the question. Mr. Matthew Burnett closed his temperance mission in Forhes last week with a large meeting in the Oihjrne Hall, presided over by the Mayor, supported by the police magistrate. The results are fairly successful, a large number having taken the pledge and accepted the blue ribbon. At a large meeting held iu the Town-hall, Sydney, it was decided to form a heal centre of St. John's Ambulance Society in Sydney. Lord and Lidy Brassey were among the speakers, and intimated their intention of becoming life members, together with Lord and Lady Oarrington. Trumpeters, the celebrated Tasmanian fish, have this season found their way into P iri Jackson. The fishi-rineu at M.tnly have been selling them at the pier during the past week. They say they never knew them in the harbor before this season. The weight of the fish vary from 31b. to 71b. The 11 ivor is delicious. Some persons want to keep the Crown pro perty and not make the yearly payments. Others object to the national debt, and would repudiate it. Others want a weekly division of property. Well, if all these men who are always dissatisfied would form a colony of themselves and for themselves, who would object ? An important circular relating ti the destruction of rabbits has been issued by the Mines Department to a number of lessees in the more heavily infested portion of the Western Division. It proposes the enclosing with wirefencing of not less than 12,000,000 acres, the lessses paying 4 percent, and keeping the fence in repair. Lind at Petrie'a Bight, Brisbane, which during the land mania was sold for £100,000, was resold last week by the mortgagee. The equity of redemption was bought by the former owner, Mr. Lawrence Cusack, for £5 who now regains his original purchase upon pavment of promissory notes for £75,000, be sides ,£2500 cash. A deputation from the Anti-Chinese League aited ou the Chinese Commissioners to point out the disadvantageous effect Chinese immigration and CJmpetition had on white labor. General Wong Yung Ho said they had no intention of advocating a general immigration, aud thought the Chinese were much better off in their own country. The Rev. E. D. Madgwick, Grand Master of the L.O.L., despatched the following cablegram to the Prime Minister of England, in accordance with the resolution passed at the 12th of July meeting in the Exhibition Building :—" Svdney, 18th July. Lord Salisbury, London. Twenty thousand sympathise with you on the Irish question." The New Plymouth United Press Association correspondent of the New Zealand Times says:—'"A serious outbreak ot measles has occurred at Parihaka, and several natives have died. It is feared the disease will spread amnngtf, the natives all over the district, as the Parihaka meeting has just broken up, and the natives returned to their own settlements, probably carrying the contagion with them." On Saturday night the Upper Murray coach was considerably delayed owing to the boggy character of the road. A few miles beyond Wagra the coach got bogged so thoroughly that the horses were unable to extricate the wheels. After striving for some time to accomplish this, Cousins, the driver, had to proceed to Wagra for tresh horses, and this caused a delay of several hours. The following circular-note is being forwarded from the Colonial Secretary's Office to the various municipal councils, asking for the following information which is required by the Metropolitan Fire Brigades Board :— " Have gasworks, municipal or otherwise, been erectcd in the municipality 1 or, if not, are gasworks about to be erected 1 If gasworks have been erected, what towns are supplied therefrom Archibald M'Donald, alias Charles Stevens, alias Reginald Smith, was chuged in the Moulamein Court with having stolen a black stallion, the propertv of William Winter, of North Murchison, Victoria; a brown horse, the property of Cobb and Co., ot Hay; and a horse belonging to Mr. William M'Donald. Accused was remanded. The horses have been found. M'Donald made desperate resistance to the police, and it was only after a great struggle that Senior-constable Mouritz succeeded in arresting him. A. man named Frederick Williams, a rabbiter on Tapio back station, who had been drinking in town for several daye, left for his camp (says the Wentworth Advocate). He arrived at Emu Hut, 24 miles out, next day, and wae then evidently in the horrors. During the night he was missed, and Constable Fortescue was communicated with, and went in search. Three days subsequently the unfortunate man was found about three miles from the hut in a most exhausted condition, having thrown away his boots and troussers. Constable Fortescue brought him into town, and he now lies in the gaol hospital in a very precarious state with intermittent fits ol roaring lunacy. The Government Printer has issued a neatlyprinted and well-bound volume containing the speeches made at the commemorative dinner recently given by Sir Henry Parkes to the surviving members of the first Legislative Assembly of New South Wales. Tne speeches are not fully reported, having suffered or been improved, as the ca?e may be,{by condensation for the newspaper press. The volume also contains some of the more flattering of the pieiscriticiBmspaBsedon theaddressesdelivered on the occasion. Fourteen of the gentlemen who took part in the dinner are shown in a frontispiece engraving, but the execution is not particularly good and the likenesses not striking ones. A rumor is current to the effect that a portion of the Lacblan swamp, otherwise Centennial Park, is to be devoted to the purpose of a new vice-regal residence, to be called the Centennial Palace. It is eaid that about forty or fifty acres of the land will be reserved, and that the enolion of the new vice-regal residence will go on simultaneously with that of the State House. It is believed by competent judges that if this proposal is carried out the value of ths building sites the Government intend to sell will be so greatly increasad that a large portion, if not the entire cost, of the palace would be provided by the sales, in addition to paying tor the State House, the expense ot which will probably be curtailed should it be decided to erect the other building. The rabbit branch of the Department of Mines have called attention to a letter written by Messrs. Wynne, Hudson, and Co., of Teryawynia, near Wilcmnia, in which that firm deny the statement that they have discharged all their rabbiters on account of the non-payment of the subsidy by the Government. They say that, on the contrary, the Government have always promptly paid their subsidies, with the exception of the June claim, just fallen due, which they teel sure will be as readily paid as their previous claims. Trapping, they say, has proved an expensive failure, and at the end of June they dismissed all their trappers, and they arc now employing men to dig the rabbits ou% which they think will be a more effectual and leBB expensive method. The first shark story of the season, evidently commencing early this year, comes from the South Head. It appears that on Friday some ot the artillerymen at the barracks were preparing for a swim, when their attention was drawn to a number ot sharks surrounding and making a meal off a dead horse which was floating near shore. The artillerymen postponed their swim for this occasion, and procuring a boat and gear, went off to see if they could make a capture. In this they were successful, and, afrer considerable trouble, succeeded in hauling two up on the Ladies' Beach. The "tapes" being put on, the largest was found to measure 13ft. 2 n. iu length, with a girth of GFt. lOin. The other was a smaller one, but sufficiently lar^e to have, made it very troublesome for "live bait" of the human siecies. A telegram from Hokitika to the Iffew Zealand Times states that on July 7 Mr. B. H. Solomon, commercial traveller for Messrs. Matheson Brothers, Dunediu, jumped off the stern of ths steamer Shag into the river. He had heavy clothes on, which kept him afloat. Two men on the wharf saw the act, and promptly got a boat aud rescued him before he sank, although he floated a considerable distauce iu the strong current. The rescuers ran no small risk of being swept out to sea. On being brought to the shore Solomon said, " What is the matter V and asked for his hat. The police took him in charge for attempted suicide, and he has been committed to the lunatic asylum for medical treatment. It ia rumored that on the morning of the attempt he sent telegrams to his wife and employer in Dunedin, which gave suspicion that his mind is in an unsound state. In the Bourke Police Court last week an mportant trespass casa was tried. Messrs. A. S. Black and Co. summoned a carrier named Wm. Dorrington for treapass on enclosed land by crossing, without permission, the Cuttaburra horse paddock. The defence was that the track used was a public road by right, having been used by the public for a number ol years, while no objection was ever taken by the owners of the property. The track was t j .n miles shortsr than the surveyed road from Ljdnapper to Mungunyah and Eangonia. The Bjnch decided Messrs. Black had a perfect right to stop traffic through their horse paddocks; but considered that they should lave given public notice of their intention to close the paddock to through traffic after the number of years it has been allowed. Defendant was fined £1, with professional costs. Witnesses' expenses were not allowed. The select committee of the Legislative Assembly appointed to inquire into and report upon the expediency, probable cost, and best means of printing, publishing, and circulating a daily ie.-ue of Hansard, have agreed to the following report:—" Your committee, having examined the witnesses named in the list, find —1. That it is expedient to print, publish, and circulate a daily istue of Hansard. % That the probable cost of so doing by the means hereinafter mentioned will be £6500 per annum, from which must, however, be deluded the amount now expended in printing the weekly and sessional volumes at the Government Printing Office 3. That the best means of (ffectii'g the above will lie by calling for tenderB from proprietors of daily newspapers published in Svdney, and making a contract with some tenderer for printing, publishes, and ciiculating such dailj' ifsue of Hansard." An assault of rather a serious nature took place in the neighbourhood of Dry River (-<ays the Bega Standard), From what we can learn, two young men, named Shipton and Gannon, were working together putting up some fencing, when a dispute arose between them, which led ti blows. Several rounds were t< Uiht, in which Gjt.non was rather severely handled ; he then left the scene, very much incensed, but returned some time afterwards and struck Shipton io the gronnd—some sav with a post-rammer, withers with an axe. It is said Shipton lay upon the ground in an unconscious condition for several hours, and that Ginnon tore pieces ofl his own shirt and bandaged up the irjured man's head, eventually lending a messenger to Ship'on's home witH the information that he was hurt. The sufferer was conveyed horn*. We learn that he is doing fairly well. Gannon has beea arrested. Under the heading of " A Bad Account ot Australia," a Lmdon paper publishes the following :—« A letter has been received from a Newcastle man now resident in Sydney from which we (Newcastle Leader) extr.ct the lollowing ' I hung to the colonics as lone as 1 ciuld. They have been gradually getting worse for two or three years, till now 1 think Australia is much more depressed than ever the old country was. It is most pitiful to see the misery and starvation that exist in Aus- tralia at the present time. You cannot glean from Australian papers the real elate of the people, especially the working classes. When we went to Sydney six years ami a half ajjo, business was very iair, but it has been gradually getting worse, and now thousands of clever people would embrace the chance of getting out of the country if ihcy could rais*' the money to do so. It is generally admitted that Australia is ' cooked.'" With a view to modify the keen competition at present existing in the intercolonial trade, and at the same time meet the requirements ol the shipping and travelling public, negotiations have been eutered into between representatives of the different shipping companies to regulate the sailing of their boats from this and the neighboring colonies. It is proposed to have a daily service to the north and also tu the south, but instead of two boats being started for the same port on the same day, onW one, will sail, the other following next day, and so on, each company, of course, taking its turn and dispatching a boat north or south, as the case may I.e. We understand that already three companies have agreed to the proposal, and it now depends entirely on the decision of the fourth compauy as to whether the matter will be put into effect. Under the new arrangement each company will have to adhere, as far as possible, to their present routes. A correspondent writes to the Bonibala Times as follows :—" His Honor Judge M'Farland, when sentencing William Campbell on Friday last, for stealing one sheep, remarked that he did not approve of what might be called, cruel sentences ;' and, further, having regard 4 to the fact brought under his notice bv Mr. Mackenzie, that the prisoner had a wife and six young children dependent on bim for their livelihood, the senteuce of the Court would be four years with hard labor in Goulburn gaol. Only four years' imprisonment, with hard labor, for stealing property valued at less than half a sovereign ! Had the offence committed by Campbell consisted of making his wife's bead a mark for the practice of hitting straight from the shoulder, and afterwards danced a hornpipe on her senseless body, to the musical accompaniment of his squalling children, his punishment in all probability have been a fine ot £5 or a month's imprisonment." Another illustration of the deadlock in the colonial sugar trade was afforded a tew days since, when an extensive estate in Queensland was offered at auction in Melbourne by Messrs. Greig and Murray, and had to be withdrawn on account of the deficiency in the bidding?. The Gairloch planiation is situated on the Herbert River, to which it has the frontage ol 260 chains and 210 chains on the north and south respectively. It comprises 4600 acres ol fine sugar laud, 1200 of which are now under cultivation, and 570 are ready for the cane tu be cut. The plant includes a double sugarcrushiug machine, steam ploughs, pendaut tramway from side to side ol the river, a large number of horses and bullocks, drays and waggons, and ail the appliances necessary fui efficiently working the estate, purchased at a cost ot .£60,000, and now valued as per inventory circulated in the room at .£15,000. The total expenditure on the estate has been about. .£150,000. The bidding started at a tenth of that sum (£15,000), and only rose to .£20,600, at which price the property was withdrawn for the present owner's bid of .£30,000. The Brisbane Courier reports that a most painful case of burning, which it is feared will be attended with u fatal resulr, occurrcd at the Royal George Hotel in that city. A domestic servant named Bridget Hayes, a^ed 20, who was employed in the house, was engaged ironing clothes iu the kitchen, when the back portion of her dress came iu contact with the fire. Her garments, which were of a light materia], immediately fitted up. The girl lost her presence ol mind, and ran screaming into the yard, thereby of course increasing the flames. Unfortunately, there happened to be only a female servant in the kitchen at the time, and a delay occurred befo e assistance was rendered. The poor girl was wrapped up in blankets and takeu to the hospital in a cab by Mr. Ruddle, of the R >yal George Hotel; but such was her state that, on removing the blankete, the clothes, which were smouldering, broke into flimes afresh. The stays had proved a check to the fire reaching the upper portiou of her her body, but fn;m the hip downwards she was, terribly burnt, and the medical staff entertaiu noliope of her recovery. A well-attended puMic meeting was held in Archer's Boyal Hotel, Gundagai, ou Saturday, for the purpose of eitibliehiug an Agricultural Society. Mr. James M'lueruey, J.P., was in the chair. Messrs. J. Robinsin, of Kimo, and W. B. Smith, of D-irbarlara statious, sent letters of apology for their absence. Mr. W. Matchett explained that he had called the meeting on account of a conversa'ion he had in Sydney recently with Mr. Bruce, the Chief Inspector of Stcck, who said tha: a society should bs es'ablished at Gundagai, and asked him to move iu the maiter. Mr. M. Walker proposed, and Mr. W. Matchett seconded "That an Agricultural and Pastoral Association be formed at Gundagai." The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. E. C. Colman thought that they should proceed cautiously, and that tLe best plan would bu to elect a secretary and treasurer pro tern, to send circulars to all the districts, and adjourn the meeting for a couple of week. Mr. T. L Wilson, the editor of the Gundagai Times, was appointed secretary pro tern.; and Mr. E. C. Cyltnau, manager of the Commercial Bank, treasurer; and it was resolved that the meeting stand adjourned until Saturday, 30th July. | At the police court on Friday (says the Brewarrina Express), the police magistrate sentenced Arthur Kerney to six months' imprisonment under the Vagrancy Act. Kerney was arrested on the show-ground with the game of "American hazard" in full swing. In his possession was found a very complete turn-out of all the little implements which generally constitute the stock-in- trade of those who gain a livelihood by " travelling on the game." Amongst other curios found on the prisoner was a box, upon which was carved the legend, " Arthur Kerney, Spieler, Collingwood." We were not previously aware that the gentlemen who are usually termed spielers had themselves adopted this adaptation of the German to their profession, but the box is evidence of the fact. We must certainly compliment Mr. Tompson upon the vigorous manner iu which he appears inclined to deal with professors of the spieling art, whose undesirable presence does much to mar such gatherings as the recent show, whilst at all times proving a source of menace to the public, and a cause of trouble to the police. Mr. Kerney's Collingwood and other friends should also be grateful to the P.M., as by his action they are spared any anxiety as to Kerney's whereabouts and means of sustenance for the next six months. The Greymouth correspondent of the New Zealand Times writes on June 8 :—" Now the first excitement of the flood is over, the town looks in a most deplorable state. The lower part of the town, inhabited by working people, is in a state of sad distress, every home being damaged, many people losing all their posses sions. The weather being damp, they have not had a chance .to dry their clothes or bedding, dozens of them are penniless, and there is no food at command. The Benevolent Society, the Borough Council, aud many pri vate individuals are doing all they can to relieve the most distressing cases, but there are many homes where great misery is being experienced. The IOSB to the town generally is far greater than was at first imagined. It will not be less than £50,000. The whole of the line on the north side of the river UBed to convey stone to the south breakwater, and lately raised to a proper height to escape damage by the floods at a cost of nearly .£3000, has been swept entirely away. Over 50 families were provided for at the State school during the flood, many of the leading citizens nobly supplying spare clothes, bedding, blankets, &c.; There were some extensive slips on the Brunner railway, and large gangs of men are at work repairing. The town looks very dismal at night, the water having got into the mainB. No gas is available in the business part. Happily there is no loss of life to record." A case with suspicious surroundings came under the notice of Mr. Leopold Yates, D.S.M., at the Central Court, Sydney, when Walter Flint, a rough-looking young customer, was charged with deserting his wife, Augusta Flint. The complainant, a delicate-looking girl, apparently not more than 16 years ot age, told a pitiful story. She had been married to the prisoner, who was a hawker, in September last, and irom the first he had behaved unkiudly to her. Seven months after the marriage she was confiued of a child, and her husband who often came home the worse for liquor, illused her more frequently. Not content with illtreating his child-wife, the prisoner when the baby cried in the night was' accustomed to beat it severely aud Bwear at it, and on more than one occasion she said she bad known him to hold the infant by the leg head downward and beat it severely. He used to half-starve her, frequently leaving her without food or light, and a ebori time since he took away his cloLhes and had not returned. Last Monday week the: child died, and she got a ceitificate lrom a doctor, living, she thought, at the corner of Riley aud Foveaux streets. Mr. Yates said it was singular that, under such circumstances a doctor should have given a certificate of death without an iuquett having been held, and hedirecied the police to make inquiries aud find out the doctor. He ordered the prisoner to pay 10s. a Aeek fur 12 months towards the support of his »ife, and to find sureties, himself iu .£26 and two sureties of £13 each. Prisoner with a rcowl paid he would be hanged if he would pay a farthiug. It was piteous in court to hear the poor eul mother's constant wail, " He beat my baby." At the Water Police Court, Sydney (before Mr. Fisher), a young woman named Clara Thomas, alias Aicbibold, who was described as having no occupation, was charged with obtaining goods, value 16-1. 6J., from Elizabeth Kelly, diessmaker, residing, in Rush-street, Woollahra, by meat>s of a false pretence, with inteut to defraud. Detectives Roche and G.eaves hae charge of the case. The prisoner, who is well 1 kuotvn to the police as a thief and swindler, and who would appear to be afflcted with a mania for committing petty thefts, was arrested at the North' Shore. It was proved that she went to the shop kept by .Miss Kelly, aud represented that she was Jud^e Do.viing's daughter; she purchased a hat, which prosecutrix trimmed for her, and allowed her to wear, believing that she was the person she had made herself out to be. Prisoner also said she had bad a dispute with her frieadF, and ask-ed to be allowed to remain ia the house all night. This privilege was granted to her. The Same evening she obtained a brooch, value 10s., from a Miss Jarretr, who lived in the home, alter informing the owner of the brooch that she was a daughter of Judge Djwling. Prisoner left the premises on the following day ; she never returned the brooch, aud aha did not pay for the hat. Miss Kelly sent the bill to Miss Dowling, care of Judge Dowling, ] Wallace-3treet. Woollbara, and it was only , when Judge Dowling himself called on her aud t)ld her that the prisoner was not his [ daughter that she became aware of the fact j that she had been victimised. The matter was then placed in the hands of the police. On the charge of obtaining goods to the value of 16s. 6d. the accused was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labor. She was then charged with obtaining the brooch from Miss Jarrett by means of a false pretence, with intent to defraud, to wit, by representing that she was Judge Dowling's daughter. In this instance the accused was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, the sentences to be cumulative. It was stated by one of the officers of the court that the woman had been going about thieving and obtaining goods by means of false pretences during the last five or six years. 