TpATIjlCAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Royal. " Run of Luck." —Opera House. "The Pickpocket." —Princess' Theatre. " Harbour Lights." —Bijou Theatre. "Pert." —Alexandra Theatre. " Pygmalion and Galatea." —Victoria Hall. " Silk Stockings." —Waxworks. Dr. Lynn's Ihdas. —Columbia Skating Rink. St. Kilda. —News from Cunard says:—"Our 'show' the greatest success ever known in Adelaide. Everybody delighted. —Mark Kingthorne (who visited Melbourne with the Marie de Grey Co.) is touring with an English crowd. At latest in Manchester. —Willie Edouin is now running the Royalty Theatre, and, by-the-way, The Only MacCabe, "single-handed" entertainer, has a new production, " The Magic Statue" in which he is assisted by a Mdlle. Minna. —On Saturday night the Adelaide Theatre Royal starts a burlesque season. On Good Friday the Philharmonic Society will give agraficl concert, upon which occasion they will have the valuable assistance of Miss Bessie Royal and Mr. Gordon Gooch. —Miss Nita Franks is about to assume the management of a well-known Metropolitan hotel. Her last appearance in public was, we believe, with the Amy Hortou Burlesque Co. at St. George's Hall, where her performances were very highly spoken of. —Mrs. G. B. Lewis is about to retire from the profession; at least, we presume so, from the fact of the " sale now on" of all her wardrobe, books, &c.;, &c.;, and Jupiter! what a collection this lady must now have. —Miss Carrie Swain's Easter dish in Sydney is " The Miner's Daughter;" and, listen, the very latest is that Miss S. is shortly to be heard in opera. —They say that the Heathen Chinee is peculiar. That may be, but as far as the Chinese actor is concerned, he is certainly very sensible. In Melbourne we shower bouquets on the stage, but in flowery China they go in for something more substantial. Right in the middle of a scene ther« appear half-a-dozen Coolies bearing a ready-roasted pig—whole. They march stolidly down the aisle of the pit, and coolly hoist the poker up over the footlights, when the actors cease playing to receive it with open arms, and cast it through the R. centre door —for their supper; for be it known that Chinese actors live in the theatre. There is a refreshing simplicity about this interlude that impresses the beholder, but those native and to the manner born take it all in an a part of the performance. After the pig is safely boused the play proceeds as if no interruption occurred, and the savoury smell of roasted crackling diffuses itself over the house, giving proof that those actors not en scene are enjoying this well-earned supper behind the flat. Whenever au actor is "off" he quietly sits down at the side of the stage, lights a cigarette or an opium pipe, and smokes tranquilly till his cue comes, when he lays down his smoking apparatus and goes in for his part with a relish. As far as long runs are concerned, China takes the pastry. A Chinese play has no limit. It sometimes takes six months to arrive at the last act, and every detail of the life and deeds of the hero are depicted microscopically. A manager once in San Francisco engaged a great star from Canton, supported by a picked company of Chinese actors, and during three months had only arrived at the third act of the historical tragedy, "Sing Lo," which treated of the life and adventures of one of the " Lung " dynasty, a sort of Chinese Prince Rupert. —The Dan Barry Dramatic Company opening in Ballarat on Easter Monday comprises the following :— Misses Eloise Juno, Dora Mostyn, Alyce Rosairo, Alice Johns, Gladys Duness, Ethel Renard, Aimy Decourcy and Phyllis Laidlaw, while the gentlemen are Messrs. Dan Barry, Geo. Herbert, M. F. Kemp, F. Cambourrie, Geo. Bryant, G. MacKenzie, C. Reeve, Geo. Musgrave, C. Moyl, G. Douglas, C. Lamont, A. Ducane, R. Walton and W. Kenworthy. The company, it will be seen, numbers twenty-two principals in all, which is, perhaps, the largest dramatic company which has appeared in Ballarat for some years. —W. J. HoIloway.it is whispered, has declined an offer to open in Melbourne on 23rd April, and that reminds us that Mrs. Holloway is detained in Hobart with her eldest little girl, who has been down with the fever for about nine weeks. Luckily the little one is now on the high road to recovery. —The Holloway Dramatic Company play Easter (two weeks) at Sandhurst, and then open in Brisbane, where the theatre is Holloway's from 1st May. —Much interest (says a Ballarat paper) attached to Mr. W. J. Holloway's Hamlet, and it must at once be said that he has never been seen to so much advantage in anything that he has played. His acting was natural and powerful, and his interpretation of Hamlet was most masterly. From the very first he won the admiration of bis hearers, and earned their hearty applause. His excellent elocutionary powers were never so noticeable, and in the many parts he had to speak every word wa6 heard with remarkable distinctness. In the weird scene with his father's ghost, be conducts himself with great naturalness, and in the scene with Ophelia he also acquits himself with ability. His rendering of the soliloquy was admirable. The play scene was also marked by his skilful acting, but probably be was seen at his best in the interview with his mother. Mr. Holloway's performance was a triumph from first to last, and it was unanimously felt that a better rendering of Hamlet has never been seen in the Academy. It need hardly be said that Miss Essie Jenyns made a beautiful Ophelia, and her acting can only be spoken of in the highest of terms, —The Dan Barry Dramatic Company open in Ballarat on Easter Monday, in the sensation drama entitled " Snared," the sole Australian right of which has been purchased for a large sum by Messrs. Barry and Herbert. No less than two theatres are playing this piece, in London now, while six companies are producing it in the English provinces. —" Hina-Ra, or The Maori Scout," is the title of an eminently readable book which we have received from the well-known and justly esteemed Australian author, Mr. Robt. P. Whitworth, whose numerous works have done so much to raise the standard of colonial literature. The work before us consists of 132 pages demy 8vo. with an illuminated cover, a portrait of the"' author, and five full page pictures illustrative of the story, and is a marvel of cheapness at the price, one shilling. In addition to the story itself is a comprehensive glossary of Maori words and phrases, which in itself, for the interesting information it affords, i6 well worth all the money. Of the tale itself we can speak in terms of magnified praise. It is powerfully told, and, although not of the ultra-sensational school of literature, is sufficientlyengrossing to keep the attention of the reader enchained from start to finish. The wood pictures of Maori scenery and of the habits and customs of that singular race—the Maoris —are drawn with the hand of a master, and the dialogue is free, unstrained and eminently characteristic. The work is well printed and is published by Mr. W. H. Williams, 83 Queen-street. One word more, the book is dedicated by special permission to Lady Loch. —The Misses Aimy DeCourcy and Phyllis Laidlaw, who have lately joined the Dan Barry Company, are two recent arrivals by an Orient steamer from England. Miss Laidlaw is a niece of Mr, Labouchere, and was for some time a member of Mrs. Langtry's Company. —Ballarat will have plenty of amusement during Easter week — the Barry Company at the Academy of Music, Brock's fireworks at the Eastern Oval and a large circus and menagerie. —There will probably be a grand display of fireworks at Geelong on Monday and Tuesday, the 25th and 2Gth April. —One of the best scene painters now in Australia has been secured by the Dan Barry Company for their Ballarat season. —A Sandhurst paper, referring to Miss Dora Mostyn and Miss Alvce Rosaire, of the Dan Barry Dramatic Company, speaks of the former lady as the most elegantly dressed lady that has appeared on the Sandhurst boards since Alice Lingard, while the same paper asserts Miss Mostyn to be the best soubrette now playing in Australia. AN ALABASTER Box.—Young girls finding their complexion growing sallow, and their skin becoming lough or fre^kly resort to perfumed ointment for a restoration of their bloom' All sjch should use American Co.'s Bop Bitters, which viili restore bloom to cheeks, whiteness and beauty to their complexion, making rich blood, good health, and hippy smiles Read —Mary Anderson will shortly anDeBruT^^a written by Mr. Willis, entitled " Cleona?, 4 ? 06^ is said ample scope will be allowed fnrV in w this talented lady's physical beauties LIassist her dramatic powers in the imn classic characters, and all that we want t ^ C is, when is Mary coming to the Antipodes? —Cunard's crowd opened Wednesday inCf • The team includes the favourite Faust P formers), Von der Mehden, Eva Clemento i?' 1 * ili3 AlfAVest, Dave Gardner, Delowry, Cravdm^ Cunard, " Magician and Banjoist." • "'-CcjJ —We must not forget to mention that\r Carey acted as hon. stage manager at the e, on the occasion of tho Bulli benefit entertain 1^ —Wainratta, the wonderful wire-walker i-.„ lt ' 6iat - in Syduev at the Academy of Music. He is'ni " f us. having engagements in England j, utt »is Friday last little Ida Heath had her fawi^M Sali, the heavy-weight lifter, has a S ' W " Acromata " company, so that it reallv lonu y Sig. Tessero and Agrati's Australian tour haste 8 " —The ladies and gentlemen of the theatrinni in Sydney have responded to the crv of gricM 1 "^ bereaved widows and orphans of the Bulli mii, r °®| Grattan Riggs and Chas. MacMalion last i 8 ^ ten per -cent, of the gross takings for six nioM eS| S fund. We need hardly add that the new ONF L Sydney, was largely attended. The benefits ®,? the patronage of Sir Henry Parkes, 'ueni 1 t Ministry, Legislative Assembly, etc. The bill l * of Riggs' "Irish Detective." Next we have an A concert, supported by Mrs. Leonard, Miss Cn^ Ada Baker, Messrs. Knight Aston, E o TT H. German, (Icrmcn Claude rilnllrln Tmiloch'i'ov Leplastrier, and TIL Harry U '4 f! R ®ait ft the Sydney Liedertafel at the Protestant Hall ii s Patronage of the Governor, and the assisting 1 Vrannm Frances Saville, fionillf. Tlfv Mr. TTo11A«TA11 Hallewell. Mr. TM\\. WalBhe III.i , Mr , u ®( nr Mr. Huenerbein, and Herr Er Wallrabe'etc- - encertainment at the Gaiety, in which 'i^ur/wl Sheridan, the tragedian, Carey, Raiuford BL ^ Read, and a host of others; M. Poussard's c'oncp? of the fund; and Mr. Quong Tart's concert p™ i bourne J. C. Williamson, in addition to seudiM his firm and £10 from himself, volunteers to go ot - play for the cause. Last but not least, Mr. Folev full benefit at his athletic ball, he paying all esi? and the whole receipts going to the fund. Messrer and Evans volunteered simultaneously the whol ' ceeds of their usual Wednesday coucerts at the ! Aquarium, aud the Port Jackson Steamship Coil decided to give one third of the receipts of their stf for one day. —Chas. Hugo and his Buffalo Sereuaders< Easter season in the St. George's Hall, Mt Several fresh engagements have been made' andtH pany, judging by past performances, should have at successful season. —The Nugget Theatre is to be — once again-I christened. The Cottiers have leased the building ji will in future be known as " Cottiers'Theatre " f season opens on Saturday with an entirely new cm, and the Polytechnic — Novelty — Hudson's — NMJL Cottiers' Theatre should have prosperous times ofll The following is too good to be lost:—"The titleofl latest Savoy success is, says pious and fastidious if unpleasantly suggestive. An overbold stranger has® ventured to write to the great Gilbert himself, andiT strate.' Ruddy gore.' hecomplained, 'practicallysin. the same as 'bloody gore.' 'Not at all,' replied Mr,Gijj ' the two ideas are entirely distinct; a6 for example were to refer to your 'ruddy cheek" the esptr would convey an entirely different meaning to j. consider describes the liberty you took iu writing toi. There is one man who won't write to Mr, Gi!bert| more. —Grattan Riggs, the celebrated Irish coma __ shortly to return to America. Grattan will leave si of friends behind him, being as popular with the"bi as with the public. —The last weeks of the Japanese Exhibition andF. Circus are announced in Sydney,and this greatcoat show will absolutely close on 16th April. —Williamson, Garner and Musgrove have i with Brough and Boucicault for an Adelaide EM "Little Jack Sheppard." The initial productionV place on the 9th April in the Theatre Royal. —Teddy Davies and others gift showing at ( Rooms. —The Cogill Brothers have selected Sydney for Easter encampment at the Gaiety Theatre. It itu two years now since they came here with Billy Ernes but we have pleasant recollections of their funnraa and they are, by-the-way, very popular on andoSSL stage. They will re- appear on Saturday night witlj very strong company of their own, a lot of new f and (listen to this) new gags!!! —Miss Jeannie Winston, who some time ago obWi| a divorce from Mr. Bell, is now leading lady of au o company touring America.—Bill Carey has been f ^ managing in Sydney.—Miss Genevieve Ward and Jfc Vernon are playing in New York.«-Colonel Ike Austin! fancy rifle-shooting in Adelaide. -Miss Maggie Moorel enjoying a holiday in San Francisco, among lier friend She has declined several star engagements.—CarrieSa plays another Sydney Season under the management! Frank Gardner. — Kyrle Bellow is leading actori Wallach's, New York, and Sam Genese is back agiuaf Melbourne. f —Madame Franzini, the champion lady bicyclist world, has wheeled her way into Sydney, wheresneli been showing at the Criterion Theatre. Some V" ago a Madame Franzini gave her bicycle entertain] at the St. George's Hall, Melbourne. —We are glad to hear that the snap shows aroget played out—it's nearly time. It's simply monstrous so-called managers can take out a company M&m; the performers " if it comes in," and if it dont-i| chaos. —All of a sudden'like, I visit the Strasburg Clock. Gifford's happy. —Nat Douglas, always a favourite, is enjoying the balmy air of Sydney. —The Alexandra Theatre is now devoted tot amateur talent. —George W. Anson, the popular actor, was very Mi giving an entertainment to the fish with thebigiotM tiny little tiddlebats, winkles and the whales, eM other words, he had a narrow escape from arowiws| Chrisfcchurch, N.Z, the week before la6t. —Miss Essie Jenyns benefitted in Ballarat on I night. Au admirer of that talented young ladysenoi.| following to a local paper:—.. "' I leave you now for a time—as it were for ^ Adieu 1' —iiww>» Farewell, blest star, if thou must go to shine in(i| We'll not forget Parthenia's love, nor tears. T,pnnX We've heard thee speak of Beatrice-gay . friend— , „tinri toil And witnessed Madame Vernet's stern devotion , end; Of sweet Portia's plea for mercy, and poor (—- , CIS And trembled at De Moray's passion, love, ft"" ^ hate; Then kind Ruth Hope of the Minones, Stephen Marlor sinned; ^ h t)0St_ Next came the exile's daughter, the coquettisu i ^ And charming Armande Chandoce, who ot UH sings, ,f„ uPjjrl Of faithful Annie Wellgood, too, that pretty Wings'— never 6 All these we've seen and loved, but we The f way thou told the story of ill-fated Juliet " ^ The bill consisted of " Romeo and Juhet," aud « hardly add that there was a very large attend —That original tear-dropping draina, "^^gyli has received one more production. This um \- Brock, the Fireworker, is not forgetting —Rumour's latest is that Monty Browne is > a Swanston-street pub. —And Williamson, Garner and Musgrove have^ with Brough and Boucicault for a burlesquei ^ Adelaide. Well, as to the profitablenessi «. w Sir. Hollingshead states that the receipts oi for the week 11th and 17th March, I8f, were But there, Adelaide, you know, is notLonaou. Bristol" company is at f7\,„t the-' 1 '.'".a with JEola, the living cannon sensation there. The tour has recreating a Bene haB left(notthe v'fiuaocial'- v successJul., a ^ ^ tookeitber with Of show.stUM1 has beeu taken by an J 1hP lias ]e» boU ; hr the bubble reputation even m 8*1 ^ Adelaide last Christmas, rfanu^'^. /e ^Silk Stockings "Company, has &mftu;, o the ^ Song Book. The sale that'Friedman is seriously thinking of building fcfueatre out ?f foffiewii of the Baynor Brothers, „ 0neue aJU " ,, T.vidav. 1st ot April, business gooa. three re accompanied by a variety-com- Ind Cljari^ are a cc ° h/ musicai conductor, and v i i r ufe nian in advance. On the 5th of j.ly Wbeelei t e ^Maitland. Cy they °l )eu ' Wrtwtborne has accepted a one act tMiss G-ce H-Sd- Davey, entitled "Lesbia's fcrrow. < lllis f'lfl v at. Drury Lane is the joint work of LTlie autumn lilaj at ^ftul Merritt. It is t0 be a fcsrs. A"e u o 6 f tu ® be sensational class, rich in stirring lident and ^fbre'ttos'on lemon- squash. Meldo theirs on paper. It's when the latter birne writ sis ,, sauash " comes in. fe finishedtbat tue ^ ^ be roprodueed at the Grand p'AlUm oi ii" . j f Beasou at Easter, simultane- Utre.Loiidou.for a ^ Theatre Royal, Melpy J ponipany engaged to support Bland Holt, in hrae• itl0 ,.'V,„vi;ab]v strong one. I W^'M^'ouw author of Jim the Penman," has f.Sir Charles louub, o f tbe weather in London, F cu ? b fh proving, is still far from well. IMbf^Clds who some time back wrote us re PturntoAustralia, was lately staging his sensations Nottingham- ci ven.out, sails for Australia next 1 L]^. jf she doesn't, she has given herself r wiiieii to change her mind. Miss Myra fable ba." received a hearty welcome in her recent gney that at times we cannot engage 1 an engagement." I""."",™ the case, auu, HB«. i ule, the husband's \vril no matter. George W. Anson is to settle bug is—• " c,j ' a ET heSTrS°Comedians," Johnny Hall and G. P. L have turned up in Sydney. The money made,in New Zealand tour was scarcely enough to drive I nT'farifiv' Four variety shows in Melbourne for i»ew! Cottiers'(Nugget). Clark's (Victoria Hall), f fiaoree's), and Temperance Hall shows. Then KU theatres in working order, and an amateur taction! There's Easter dishes for you, especially the LRnucicaiilt, the only Dion, has staged "Fin Maccoue" foS He Played the little part. The only Dion's IE-"(not Dion's only daughter), Miss Patrice, is Rhine the young New Yorkers how to act, havmg lied a school for dramatic instruction. 