NEWS AND NOTES. Mr. E. T. Robinson has, we understand been appointed Associate to His fl<->nor, i ho Giiiof Justice, in the place ol 3lr. Walter Janies, who lins r^-igut'ii. in view of leaving for England immédiate!}. The following names have beau added io the daily list of persons for whom un- claimed letters are lying at the General Post Office : T. Anderson, Mrs. M. Alex- ander, F. Austin, - Barry, Cleveland Bros., J. Harmer, H. Keuuy, R. Lockhart. At the meeting of the Perth Roads Board, held on Saturday last, a tender for tlie supply of 300 yds. of bluestone was accepted. The Board did uot, as stated by our contemporary, accept any tender for gravel, pre terrill g to use blue stone. The R M.S. Ballarat arrived at Albany from Colomln with the European mails at .5 p.m., on Monday oveuiug. The over- land mail left Alb my for Perth with the English maila for this colony at ii p.m., on Monday and ought to reach' the General Post Offioe in time for the mails to be dolivered early to morrow (Thursday) morning. The iollowiug cases wore heard at the Fremantle Police Court yesterday : Win. finney, charged with being drnuk and disorderly on the South Jetty was fined 20s. ; John Booker, au expirée, similaíly charged, was dismissed with a caution; George Morgan for a like offence was fined 5s.; John Young, for drunkenness was dismissed with a caution. We regret to hear that Mr. Kelly, who was recently transferred from Victoria to the charge ef the Albany branch of tho Katioual Bank, has been prostrated with an attack of fever. Mr. Booker, manager of tho Fremantle branch, will take charge of the Albany branch during Mr. Kelly's illness, and left Fremantle for that pur- pose by tho Franklin on Monday. The s.s. Chollerton which is expected to arrive at Fremantle from London some time time this week brings out 351 Land Co.'s emigrants, equal to 280 1/2 statute adults. Of these 38 married couples, 100 children, and 65 single men will be landed at Fremantle, and the remainder will proceed to Albany. Of those landed at Fremantle the children and married couples will be housed at the Immigration Depot, and the single men will most pro- bably have quarters found for them at the Invalid Deptôt at North Fremantle. Yesterday af teruoon a little boy, nino mouths old, the son of Mi*. J. J. Fiáhérj of Roe St. Perth, was accidentally drown- ed. The mother of the child on going in- to the yard of the house to hang np somo clothes, loft the child in the kitchen alone and on returning fonud him lying dead in a bath which contuiued about four or six iuehes of water. The body was at once carried by a neighbour to Di- Jameson, who pronounced life extinct. It is-sup- posed that the child had been playing round the bath aud had luauaged to climb over the side. The arrangements for the production of the opera "Les Clotches do Coraville" by Messrs. Farmer and Imray are now com- plete, and the promoters anticipate a very emphatic success. The full cast is as follows : Germaine, Miss Keturah Camp- bell ; Serpollette, Miss Zenobia Campbell; Manette, Mrs. Shanks ; Gaspard, Mr. F. Imray ; Le Marquis, Mr. A. J. Diamond ; Le Bailee, Mr. W. Farmer ; Grenicheux, Mr. A. E. Colebrook; Gobo (Bailee's clerk), Mr. W. Hobbs; Christophe, Master Campbell. The first performance will take place at the Oddfellow's Hall, Fre- mantle., on April 5 next. It is understood that the opera, will be presented in Perth. It is to be mounted in a thoroughly realis tic manner, the dresses being specially prepared, and, in addition to a full chorus, an efficient orchestra has been engaged. The new opera by Mr. W. S. Gilbert and Sir Arthur ¡sullivan, entitled '" Ruddygore or tho Witch's Curoo,*' was produced for the first lime at tho Savoy Theatre, Lon- don, on January 2. 'Hie Times states that its production " was accompanied by a phenomenon never before experienced at the Savoy Theatre. With the raptur- ous applause of a more than syinpathatie first-night audience, which called compos- er aud author, Mr. D'Oyly Caite, the manager, and all the principal performers d before the curtain, a small but very de e tei mined minority mi::glcd its hisses. As ¿ yet these signs of disapproval were too £s partial to interfere with the general suc- cess of the new play, which, for all wo can toll, may have as prosperous a rim as The Mikado itself. At the same time they should give Mr. Gilbert pause, for we have no hesitation in attributing them to the feebleness of the second act and the downright stupidity of its dénoue- ment." The Standard arrives at ,ftvvo conclusions: First, that Mr. Gilbirt, while amusing as usual, has'not surpassed himself ; next, that Sir Arthur Sullivan's music is, taken for all in all, the best he has yet contributed to the stage af couiic opera." The lJall Mall Gazette considers that " while the dialogue is witty and abounding in playful satire, the lyrics, n hether serious or comic, aro in Mr, Gilbert's best style. Sir Arthur Sullivan has again proved himself fertile in the charmiug composition of melodies, fresh and delightful as ever. The only ambitions piece of writing is the solemn entrance «of the ghost in the darkened picture gallery of Ruddygore Castle. The rest is made up of pretty madrigals, dainty gavottes, some charming ballads, and admirable choruses, strongly flavoured with the loaal colour of the period." A late report concerning the stato of things at Khartoum is published in the London papers. A Greek has arrived at Suakim (says a correspondent of the Times) from Khartoum via Kassala and Massowah. He states that for twelve }ears he was a resident in Khaitoum, and for three was in the polio furce He confirma Hie accounts of the capture of Geu"i-al Gordan, who wus beheaded, the head being sent to the Mahdi at Omdur niau and the body being thrown into a well. A few Greeks aie still in Khar-, toum Abdulla Khalifa, has, the Gieek sins, been proclaimed Suit in, and his arm} is estimated to muubir 300,000 Tho Arabs have no imentiun ot marching against Egypt ii thrjy aro uninole.-ted. Lupton Bey ¡.nd a German officer escaped from tiie massacre ot Hicks Pasha's, army, and are in the rebel service, with many ot the Egyptian soldiers. Steamers ;iro running on tho Nile, trade is flonrîsh'ng and provisions are plentiful. There aro large stocks* of gum and ivory, but cotton .stuffs are scarce, and aro sold at fabulons prices. English sovereigns aro valued at two dollars each.- The rebels havo intro- duced a gold'and silver coinage. Only Mussulmans are permitted to trade. Tho Greek »tates that there has been ilo reccilt trustworthy news from Emin Pasha. He saw Osman Digma on tile Abyssinian f ron- lier collecting troops under Abdulla in Hrder to establish the Khalifa's authority in Kas$>ala. The Abysslnians had with- drawn from .the siege of that place, and îtas Aloula was awaiting King John's orders to resist the Italians. The Italians had been warned against advancing. The Greek reports that Abdhlla's influence in the Souttan is immense. Colonel Kitch- ener and Mr. Brewster have, it seems, S one to A gig to hold an interview witli îe sheikhs there, and hape' for a satisfac- tory result. The surrounding country is quiet. Tokar is holding out, and the tribes refuse to submit. Trade is improv- ing slowly. 