(9iW mH $nfts. 29 to 16. no picnic. Beautiful rain. 167 oz. nugget. Lady Sturt dead. Farmers smiling Htratbs victorious. Lord Tenny-ton is ill. Oppo.ition too strong'. Congregational Jubilee. Jubilee fete abandoned. Earl of Winchester in dead. Marjoram is lorn for 5 yean. Mr. J. Varley S M. is dead. Fir North black* aggressive. Is f «-«zen;fi«h preserved fi*h ? Japanese Village at Garner's. Landslips near Bulli continue. Teetulpa has a Pickwick Club, Chaffey opposition in Victoria. Sudden death here on Thursday. Fined for overcrowding a church. New South Wales not verv loyal. Earthquake in RusfU-Turkeystan. B-nperor William of Ger nauv is ill. St. Leon's ci cus in Adelaide again. Mount B*rkers turned up at 4 o'clock. Academv «f Music a thing of the past. Illicit stills are multiplying in Sydney. The West Australian libel ca*e is over. Strath Junior* v. Moint Barker Juniors. Sydney Snn1»y entertainments stopp?d. Straths v. Milangs at Milang on Saturday. 24 z nugget found at Tntn^arnnra, N.S.W. Vf»v Ril. a iiltie daiffhter of Mr. Dand Bell of «his town, slipped an 1 broke her arm on Monday. Insist upon having the genuine Schnapps, wh'c*i bears the mme ' Wolfe's Schnapps' on the Intel. Goilw* sent £10 2s. 101. to the Bulli relief funl. Mr. James Jamie^on, of Bla^.k Rock, pro tests against the election of Mr. E. Ward for Frome. Me«8ra. M.;Dnall (me Tiber for Noar lunga), Cock--uni and Landsesr (Mount Barker), waited on the Cvnmispioner of i iiuih; ti 'ii iv^ \\*-i &uri-i;«ji tirs-viiig, l\ji n re turn late train between Adelaide and Strath alhyn on Monday and Tuesday next. If possible the ivquest. will be comjiliei with. Mr; E. H Uerrington has been appointed Assistant-Secre'ary of the South Australia C!mmKer of Manufactures. Mr. S. Newlind brings down information from the f«r north of an attack on a station by natives. The niggers skipped when a charge or two was sent amongst them. 'fh« ill-fited Academy of Mnsfa is being converted into business premises bv the nwner, Mr. A. Waterhouso. Messra. Solomon and i'a-itle have had enough of the old pile. At a special meeting of the lical Corpora tion the question of feteing the children was reconsidere i and th *. prnjefit: abandoned, the gener-tl fe°ling of the town being that funds could n it b* affiT.^e 1. Strathalbyn footballers, play Milanes on the latter'3 ground on Sitnrday. On Mon dav the M mnt Barker and Strathalbyn juniors trv conclusions here. David Thomas was buried by the soil giving way in excavating at the Nbrthcote Brick Company's wo ks on Tuesday, He die 1 after being rescued. Turce BaUarat h;:y3 went in for a high time of -t o'i Tu S'ity. They secured so-ue bottles of gin and ra-n, and one of them died in great azony from alcoholic poisoning. Moral— Don't mix your drink. ll-hert Woods became entangled in the machinery of fie New Chum United Mine it r-mn ifnir.-it. veam puc an eua io ms agony. Daniel C«'owe was riding a railway tricycle near Colac, Victoria, on Tuesday fvninz when a train run into him. Another ganger wanted. T.ie sides of a tunnel excavate 1 for the Bo»di seornr in N^w Souci Wa'e? f«ll in and killed J -hn N?ale and John Dowries oa Tuesday. The Duchess D'Allencm has been certi fi d insane. T*. Zjm *« .ami *KnsV tlin lilnani] *\£ tnQ O«*r*HTTI Prince of Germany will prove fatal. Thus a telegram on the 14nh, On the day before he and the Princess are said to have started for Knglind to help alon? the jubilee show. The Emperor's health is improving. At Lords the Mayers scared 175 runs, | nnl All Entrlaml put up 196 the first day without tbe loss of a wicket. Mr John Addis shot a burglar in the thigh on Friday night in Victoria. Detective Sergeant Ward is coming over to Adelaide while the Exhibition ia on to keep his eye on Victorian criminal*. 'No rest for the wicked.' The rainfall in Strathalbyn for the week ending June 15 was 0 960 The Hindmarsh Town Mission were ffpnerou-ly offered hilf the net nroeeds of the opera 'Ma'tha' by the Hindmaroh Oioral they couH not give their co-operation to the ' performance of an opera in aid of their funds but they would willingly rt-ceive a donation for the poor Edward James Davis, a pious, religious man, who worked for Mr. Join Gall, near Kingston 8 or nine year* ago, turned np the other dav and got a letter of recommendation to the D°8tftute Apy'tim frora his old enrpWe'. He tried the signature, found he could do ir, and went in for a £30 CM cheque, which he cashei at Border Town and left by exoress for Vintori*. The imparted bridgework for the Giolwa 'ine is nrt in accordance with the specifi cations. Mr. H. E. Downer, M P., presented a memontl from Qieenscliffe residents asking for .inre -T.P.'r. nnmfi «»n, we d»?-y you. MessJeurs, wlio im port and manufacture fh°its in ths irnise of the pwaeon beverage and tonio of the cen tury, W-»lfe's Schnapps. We have warned the public, and they are on their euari against your ntn* wwt Amm«, even when jtnt nn in nio° b-)ttl'« L^ok onf von d--n't get into the clutches of tbe law, though. Yonni Pnttor — «? WiU yon promise to be mine. ? ' Belle—' I can't snv now ; give me a week to answer. ' He eave b°r a week to answer, and she imm''iately h'red a detec tive tn flid ont wbaf his proapects are. ' DM ve read the Queen's «p--f»cu, Pat ? ' ' 'N», I did no*1.' « -n»-e ve nn?'it. S'ip arives eoo«i new? of ITnnle Mike an* hi* : famUv in Americt ?? 'Dips »b° tbr»n?b ? An* wba* dues nh' say of thim ? ' ' Sure she savs nn' foreign relations arp all ria-hr. ' ?* A». mav \ rwbIc wn«t an Amer:can is? ' sail a supercili--'t« Britisher the o her Any t » a full-blooded Y'«ke(- in London. 'Cer- tainly. An Aiji-ri ran »s an Enel:shman. ' j was tSe answer, « with all the modern im proveme.nts '* School Teacb'r — Vow, iirh:ch of you cun t*-ll m* what eo'« r«'i'd aid «-onnd nnd yet ought to b-» lev^l ? Bertie — I know. School Teacher — You m»y answer, Bertie, Bertie Ma «ays pa's head . Frederick Hu^li^s, n;nr°'j«in^in-j ♦ne \t\ Saints Anglican C:-nrcn, St. K'Ha, »« fite^ a nominal pnnaltv for permitting that Church to b« overcrowded. Re certain yon make no mistake ; »«k fo' and take no other but. the genuine Wolfe's Schnapps. Demand Wolfe's. Tha Impe'ial Institufe foundation stono will be laid with great state and oeremonv. General Wong Yone Ho hopes the Eoiperv of China will visit Australia when he's a little older. Ar^rtssan people want a e°m»n-ed tank cspible of holding 60 000 or 70,000 gallon'. The present dams leak. The horse diseass has broken out again at Crtckbum, Thn foundation stone of the Q'leen's Collnpe in Melbourne will be laid t'--1ay. Tbe Weslevan Methodists a«e the founders. 1.634 cases of tvnhnid have been reported in Victoria since Januarv 1. 330 fatal. The inmates of the charitable insii'uttons wi'l be entertained by the Mayor of Sydney on June 21. Q-iee-i«lan.4ers want to impress on tbe Co'umipsionn'8 th i unds^'r&bleneag; of ei - cnuraging tbe emigration of Chinese t- thbt colony. T^sn-n'* poUto crop has trebled itsilf in three ye*ri. Mr. N. Weekes, Grand Seotetaty of the of tbe New South Wales Grand Lodge o( Freemasons, is dead. A united thanksgiving service is to be held'in the city in June. Moat of the clergy except the Anglican body, will assiet, and a collection will not be forgotten. Mr- Gladstone received £300 for bis article ' in the Nineteenth Century Review on Tenny son's poem 'Lockslcy HaU '* This is one of the largest, if not tne largest price ever paid in England for so short an essay. It was, however, a lucky investment for the editor, as the sale has been enormous. William J. Harnes, of St. Louis, who will be 100 years old if he lives until December next, was on the etaff of General Jackson at thp battle of New Orleans, was enwiniw nf the first steamboat that arrived at i?t. Louis from the South, and run the first locomotive that ever left St. Louis for the West, The New South Wales Contingent men will be allowed to wear the bronze star of tbe Khedive. The reserve of the Bank of England in notes and bullion is £14.700,000. James Cooper, aged 59, employed in the Australian Temperance Insurance Associa tion shot himself in the chest in Carlten Gardens. Another victim of temperance ! Henry Borsboom, proprietor of tbe Coffee Palace in Sydney is supposed to have shot his wife. How long will the present Government stand? Two Ministers are the chosen of two of the Southern Districts, and tbe Hon. Mr. Catt was a resident in this town for a number of yearn Traffic in children was not entirely stopped oy me jrau jnau vazene exposures. Detective Stevens says he has rescued from a vicious life 400 girls of from 4£ to 14^years of age! 1 hree larrikins in Rockhamton were fined 7s Gi and thrashed by the magistrate himself for assaulting a' haythen Chinee.' The ''Yellow Agony*' of New South Wales sre eoing to memorialise the Queen ! j Seven ministers waited on the M.S.W. uoioniai «'-e«ei,ary on i? no ay ana ssKed for the prohibition of all Sunday entertainments to which admifBion is charged. Will they give up their collection boxes ? Not much. The Jewish fraternity of Adelaide ara eoine to Bive the Queen a silver scroll of the Hebrew law. It is made of colonial silver and has a royal crown of Teeixtlpa gold in each side. Only one Run He Street draper refused to close his establishment on June 21. Mr. Land«eer presented a petition to Dr. Cockburn, asked for the erection of a school nrar the Kockford estate Mr. Douglas Baird'a Bird of Freedom took the Aecot Gold Cun, The foundation stone of the Glenelg Town Hall was cut away to allow the insertion of a marble slab wirt ♦? Glenelg Town Hal'. 1887, W. F. Stock, Mayer' on. The name of the layer, Sir : enry Ayers, is rrased. The S. A Alliance are horrified at the number of drinking bars in the Exhibition. Wallaroo has a Life Gaurdsman who was oae of the escort on June 20, 1837, when aunty was proclaimed Queen. At an inquest near Ipswich the Coroner ?would not allow the Press to be represented and the jury refused to hear evidence. Mr. Lewis Morris has been asked by the Prince of Wales to write an ode commemor ative of the laying of the Imperial Institute, What a pity I wasn't handy ! It is astonishing the favour in which cause it is a first-class article. Her Majesty has written a quotation from Scripture in a Bible. Thicj will be copied and Bibtes given to the Victorian schools. Til bet an old hat the Queen doecn't give more than the writing. 'Hie Duke of Westminister win the Ascot Hardwicke Snakes with Ormonde. , Public buildings and privafe houses in Russia Tuxkeystan were destroyed by earth quake early this month. A large number of lives were lost. Neeotiatroiw re the New Hebrides dispute have been resumed in London. The Government of New Sonth Wales have prohibited the holding of entertain ments oi Sunday as heretofore. Meetings were held in the afternoon and evening protesting against such tyranny. If you value your good name do not put it in jeopardy by selling counterfeits of Wolfe's Schnapps A nugget weighing 167 oz. was found at Ba'larat on Saturday. The Koman Catholic prelates of Australasia nre going to present the Queen with an address. Perkins is in Sydney, but; does not intend to row any matches for some time. Chinamen in Port Darwin are wroth Vci'ise in future Sunday trading will be strictly prohibited. Moinee valley races on Saturday resulted in Chronograph taking the Trial StaVeg ; Trooper the Hurdle Race , Derision the Jane Hsnd;nai- ; Fickle tbe Steeplechase; Lady's Maid the Selling Race ; and Childe Harold the Winter Handicap. At Randwick on SatuHav Society won th* Grand National Hurdle Race ; Straight Shot tbe Flying Handicap : Faueh-a-Ballash the Selline Race. Scobeloff appropriated the pri icipal event, the Grand National Steep'e nhase, ani Honeydew took the Winter -tfikes. The first woman hanged in Queensland whs f x°cut«-d on Monday. James Harrison and EUen Thompson w.ere hanee.1 on Monday for the murder of the latter's husband at Port Douglas, Queens land. A singular coincidence in both executions was that a large vein in the neck of each burst and a stream of blood flowed f rer-lv over thr-ir bodies after the drop. ?» y-, ? Z ? XW*.J 1 ? 1..1- ? 3*11 1 ? 1_ jim°S uooper nn-i imi upturn Him ill kick, life bad no charms until he *hot himself in th«« side near the Oarlron gardens. He missed his heart and will most likely re cover. Eiehtv por8on«. mostly ladies, passed a resolution to the effect that it was necessary that the Victorian Legislature should pass an Act to extend the suffrage to women. The Rothschild* have offend £5,000,000 for the Mount Morgan Mine. Queensland. Lady Bra mev washed a di«h of dirtwith ?'n two feet of the 167 cz, nugget the day before it w«n found. Sime of the Sydney Alderman defray privately the cost of illuminating the Town H«H. The -??»«» Cnmpanv undertake to bear the pxpense of the AielaideTown Hall iilumina tion«; Work on the railways in N.S.W., was left by over 100 mwi for the more remunera tive ocrMioatton of working with the un emp'oyed. An importer of fish from England claims that the fNH is fresh on arrival ami not liable ti duty. The Customs authorities term it preserve^ fi-'h. The Hmv eained 109 in immigration at Port Adelaide in the we-'k ending Saturday June II A chili is months old was killed near Wilmington by a log. loosened by the heavy rain, crashing down the hillside through the tent in which tbe little boy was playing, ornsbinor him fAttrfnllv. The magnificent new bridge over the Tay has been formally opened. Dr. RevnoWs ce'^hmted mis* in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melhonme, *»n Sunday. Miss A-ny Sberwin has enchanted the people of Melbourne by her singing. Miss Sherwin is an Australian. Mr. C. Irwln an Robin Hood bad bis leg broken at the hint meet on fWurdav. H.R.H. ths Duchess or Cumberland has had to be removed to a private asylum near Vienna. Mental derangement. The Colonial Ofliee issued invitations to TCC.M.G. colonials to dine at St. James's Palace. 180 guests accepted. They had to pay £2 each for the dinner, and 5*. each to mend the kitchen range ! Royal hospitality. ' We are pleaded to notice that Mr, ' E Clark, of the Murray Brewery, Goolwa has lowered the price of ale to £3 per hogshead.'— 1_ A.I vt. ] The following probttes have been granted — A. H. Rogers, Lanerhornft'* Creek, £2,300, Edward Flood, Balvidcre, £150. The obs'ruction crnw against tho Salvatbn Army has been withdrawn, the Army pro mising not to assemble in the vicinity of the York Hotel a»»»». ' The Yanyarrie ghost proprietors have jrot themselves* into trnuble. They are to hi charged with attempting to impose on people, with 'he view of deprecating ihe value of the land, which is beld on lease from tbe Crow. Lady Smr. the widow of the famous An«'tn»ihn explorer, is dead. Thp Queen will be ewr^ed to the Abbey on Jnne 20 by 4,000 troops, while 8.000 wi.l line the' roads to be taken bv the procession. Her Majesty will wear a crown of roses and numrous orders. A site near the Abbey has been granted to enable colonists in London to witness the ? great show on June 21. A platform will be erected and gaily decorated. Indian visitors want *w have a bit of Ihe spa»e but the Agents- General are opposed to it Mr. Parnell and his followers refuse to attend th« service in the Abbey. Kings, Queens, Princes', Princesses, Grand and other Dukes' will be as thick as mo«quitos in summer next week in England. A collection of work done by Victorian State School children will be sent to our Exhibition. m . Slater and Aylwanl have been forging. Slater added embezzlement, and now has to put up with a couple of years far that and and six for signing a wrong name. Aylward gets nine yearV penal servitude. 200 sovereigns were found on these gentle men and were banded over to tho Bank of New South Wales, who lose abnut £500. A man named Nelson fell off the Maitland and was not seen again. Paddle-wheel. F. A. Wbittaker, formerly a member of ♦he Legislature, shot himself on Thursday. The bullet passed clean through his brain, and be probably will not recover. German pgaadron in Sydney. The captain of one of the tbu»- vessels expired in an apoplectic fit just out of tbe harbor. The foot audience Archbishop Carr ad dressed before leaving Ireland was composed of Christian Brothers boys, and the first in Australia were pnpils of that brotherhood. The Suez Canal will be open at all times to all interested Powers. Sixty -four assisted Irish immig.rAnt9 were restrained from landing by the American Government on the ground that they were Directors of the Eveleen Mine in tho Northern Territory have ' tumbled on a good th'Tig.' The Mayor of Gawler has been presented with official robes by the ladirs of the town. Gawler outdone— Mount Gambler gave her Mavor a robe and hat, and the Mayoress a gold cross pendant. Dr. Carr was enthusiastically welcomed in Melbourne Losses to the extent of 5,000,000 florins thr«n»h fires in Hungary lately. William Heldermann was drowned at Kangaroo Island on Friday, The mail boat had to return to Port Lincoln through r -ugh weather. Rev. Mnncrieff, of Moonta, protests in the name of the Christian Church against tho appointment of a man guilty of a breach of the seventh commandment to a post of honor. We made inquiries and have been informed that ' Ye shall not commit adultery' ia the seventh. A b'idge on the Goolwa railway wps tendered for in February twelvemonth ard the. ironwork was landed last week. How many people are in tbeir graves to day who would have been alive and well if they knew the virtues of Wolfe's Schnapps. A pecnl;ar case of being frightened to death occurred in Newcastle on Wednesday. A cat uttering fearful signs of distress came into a room where Annie Taylor, aged 23, was oitting atW eating a hasty dinner. The girl wan terribly frightened, ran upstairs, nn«t difd in less than three hours. Paralysis of the brain. Tric-iett is going to cnauenge me wwn oarsmen of the world to row on the F.tzroy riv°r. Th* Queensland revenue for May was £1 r- 000 more, und the expenditure £30,000 lew than the corresponding period last year. A congratulatory banquet was accorded to Mr, F. Y. Wolseley, the inventor of the „ Rheepshearing machine. It was not the Shearer's Association who did this. Mr. Wolseley claims that his invention in not a labor savins machine. Itn»nly effect on shearers would be to lessen the difficulty of their work and improve its character. The Adelaides have made the best record of any South Australian football club ic Victoria, Tasmanian wheat average for the present year, 17 bushels 9llb* ; harley, 22 bushels 42lbs ; oato, 25 bushels 94lh. 7;067 leBS acres were cropped this year. Messrs. Cockbum, Downer, Hussey and Lindseer voted for the Government. Twelve prisoners will be liberated on June 21 from the South Australian gaols. The Hon. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.O, and Councillors Fogarfy aid levers, delegated by the Melbourne committee, came over here on Wednesday to welcome to Anstralia the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne. The liquidators of the town and Country Bank deci;n-» to call a meeting of shares holders to diqeucs the actions of the direc tors. English bishops don*t like the proposed resumption of dinlomatic relations between England and the Vatican. Jadee WimJeyer has had tbe degree of LL.D. conferred on him by the Cambridge University. Henry 'Penrc, master of the steamship Chelvdra, brought out 10 more Chinamen than he oue*»t to have done, and was fined £l,00i, 9s. 10d.. costs concluded. Brett and Connolly did not rov. Brett wpited a counle of hours but Cincolly didn't tnrn up. The largest floating dork ever built in the Southern hemisphere hast just been launched in Sydney. A meeting was held on Friday in Svdney for the purpose of diseuosiog certain jubilee festivities, bu*, as was the ease a week before, the opponents proved too strong. Invitation cards were issned entitling holders to admission ttnme time before the general pnblic, but the disloyal pwty had several hundred fac simile* printed and in consequence the hall was packed long before tbe Advertised time. The loyal secton intftndfil having another try last night at tho Exhibition BniHirig, Beach will have been champion for three years in August. Pineapples can grown at Port Pirie with out artificial heat. 