LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS, IT is expected in Tonga that that island , will shortly be annexed by Germany. IP Trickett beats Hanlan that will seottloit~: - Tho eanuk will bo dead indeed. ,:: 'i. i RUSSIA is :the natural ,enemy: of the .. Moslem faitlh,/sys the Nizamo6f Hydcrabad. LAME DUCKs.--Was it an " Aylesbury" duck that quacked about the "pulling." HABD sINEs where a British nobleman can- - not "stiffen;' a horse without a lot of fuss ! yo-M3sEuwr for Newcastle. Government. wants all the colony's money for metropolitan "cults." The bazaar in aid of the Hamilton Presby torian Church, will be opened at 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon. PROPESSOR ANUERSON'S last night hor' is Friday, so the public had better attend on'bor before that date. THE visit of Signor Crispi to Prince Bismarck is taken to indicate that Italy is about to enter the Austro-Germaa alliance. FLxowER SHow.--We are to havoe a wild flower show in Newcastle, on the lines of " those which have been so successful'isi Maiily and elsewhere. , . , . THE tendorof.tlhe Young Australian Band. of Carrington, has been accepted by the • committee of the coal-trimmers annual picnic, . to be held on 9th November. THE IEoN TsRADnS at the Sydney Eight IHours' Demonstration wore represented .by pinched, starving women and .clildren, and unemployed men... , H. M. STAMLEY is 'advancing towards Emin Pasha at the rate of 12 'miles a day, wlhiohis very smart travelling forsthe. interior of Africa., " TI. '' *TlOUSAiD PEOPLE visitedts hei r - Aquarium at Fletcher '' Glen, Bndi, last Saturdey and Monday. It is declared to be tlhe fiuest natural aquarium in thie wvorld.' Exci rPAsia .is to be relieved against his qvill by' Stnley in a day :or two, but " he who's relieved against . his Mill, is in the African desert still." - : : WILL SIR IBSaY answer the chlarges of "cabinetmaking" on a now principle pre fcrr.d ngainst him by the Clarence it'nd Ricelmond Biver Examiner, or, as usuIal, livre it down ?. Tra old-esatablished business .of .Mr D. Gillies, Carrington, has been transferred to Mr. Hugh Graham, who intimates that he will continue it on the sime lines as his: pre decessor did. MieSsuss. EnEsT Eow DS .nns a Co,. having boeen. appointed sole agents for the Northern Districtl for the new, trader's classi fied accoint.books. Specimen copy and all information can be obtained at:their oflice: in Bolton-street. ....... - . '671 THE SUoa DUTIns.--On Monday a lavige demonstration of workers in' the sugar re fineries thrown out of employrient by'the operations of the foreign sugar bounty system took place iii Hyde Park. M]asures hI pro tection were asked for. Tr?i death is announced of Mfr. Edwin Daintrey, solicitor, foimerly of the firm of Daintroy and Chapman. Deceased had raetised his profession for the last 46 years, and 'enjoyed the confidence of a large circle of clients and friends. ISTESDINIG investors in the Taranganba Proprietary Gold Company, Limited, are re minded that the share list will positively close onWednesday next, 12th instant. .Im mediate application should, therefore, be maedefor shares. - The company's prospectus is advertised in this issue. ST.' PEPBTEB's COnRUnIo,. STO0?KONO.-It will be observed from advertisement that the people of Stockton are to hold a fancy fair in tihe Temperance 'Hall, to- morrow,in.-aid of St. Peter's :Church. The fair 'will be opened by Dr. Mifriiiy, Bisliop of 'iMaitland, at 4 o'clock, andweo have no doubt the result aimed at will be attained. . ALLEGED FORCIBre EeTRy.-Four men fere chargeddat tie loc'clf police court yester day with forcibly entering the. premises oc. cupied by Mr: John W- Jenkins. at:Carring ton. The case'was a very complicated one, and a large amount of evidence, the larger portion of it being totally irrelevanm .to the charge, was offered. Thie case was postponed until this morning, THE' Nizau' of Hyderabad's offer to the Viceroy of India to aid in preserving India from attack of Russia, appears to be grounded on the fact that Eussia is-the ancient foe of Islam. "He: apparently forgets:that the in fluenicecs:of English civilization iay:dolfar more towards brchking up M ohammedanism than all the battalions of'the Czar. TH?E"Ameri' is belireved to: be in a very critical';stateoof lhealth, but, 'says: the tele gram, definite information is hard to obtain. That's so; for.it.was but the other day that the 'Ameer,: after spending a restless night~ owing to the paid'in. his leg, ordered hIis physician to be. taken. out..first thing in the muorning and executed. The post of physician to his Highnlmess is a very onerous on0e. r-: To BUSINESS ?EN.-TTho members of our mercntile community and others 'will learn with pleasure that a branch of :the 'Now South ' Wales Trade Proteetive Insti tite, 'of Sydney, will open on; the 10th' inst., in ' 'Watt-street' Nesenstle, under the "management of' iMr. James Leonard. Business men will appreciato very highly thie advantages of being able to make personal inquiries at: the local branch, instead of having to write to ,Sydney,oas heretotforeo Our advertising colunns contain full infor mation regarding fthe aims of thle institute. BZTTERB.-Mr. George Hall wlo' as enseri ously injured on Monday by a dray, was much better yesterday under the skilful at tendance of Dr. Miorgan, and gives evey pro mise of early recovery. The name of the gentleman iwho, so fortunately, happLned to be near at ]hand to render assistaneo.is Mir. John Perlins, and it is stated by the doctor thatbut for his most valuable aid the inju ries would have been much more serioiis. Mr. Perkins has been atteoinding the lectures upon first aid to tIme injured recently, and tlheo knowledge rained thereat has proved of ser vice already. He was for some time em ployed upon a railway in England, and there witnessed several casualities. T. Frank Low, Attorney, Solicitor, and Proctor, Bolton- stroet, opposite Messrs. J. and A. Brown's, Newcastle. 8601 WE are giving up the gentlemon's halt departmoeit, to make room for household drapery, and every line will be sold at ridiculous 'prices until the whole stook is cleared. Scott & Aird. 25 VAcoonATIome.-Dr. Beeston will vaccinate children on Tuesdays and Fridays, at 11 o'clock, at the surgery, Bolton-street. 0141 Oun new show-rooms are on the second floor, and include the following departments: -Millinery and mantles, ladies' now sum mer jackets, satin lined; Jersey jackets and dust cloaks, stays and underolothing.. Scott & Aird. . .. s23 E Tu Wickhain V igdanuce Committee miieot this eveni.g, at 8 o'clock, at Broom's Hotel, Wickham. ..: LAsT nighit, in thie Houseo, Mr, Fletcer's •notiFn:on tle subject of palym~unt of mom .betrs was put and carried by 28 to 23. A NMonT I' Ties LoourvP.--The continun tion of this narrative is unavoidably held '-over till to morrow, owing to pressure on our 'spaco. TuE 'VAoAnOND'S C:osts in theC recent action against the Speeblalor, in clbourne, : mouniting to £280, will be paid by public subscription. o'nstiitiiDM1 nTiA n CoiTER -The nhame of tho above colliory.was inadvertently used yestirday in' place of the Greatt"Noithern SCollicry. The pimragraplh should l:iavd read "The Greai'stliorshri Colliry" &c0; Eessi?Ts. MELVIIsE,l NORTON,oand 0otherseof the deputation appointed attlie recent moeeting in Iolmore Pinrk toiwait upon tlhe committee of 'the. ltlli Relief Find;.did so last night, but before they could gain: admittance thero was a stampede of thle committee. ' . TIns OLD STronn.-Neowcastle'papers of :\onday ~ wore obtainabloe ini Sydneyt?le :same nighit , The s. . Sy'dney took them down aiid wetirned fort?l?ith? Tieolve ho6urs ; for loth .pasages, including all detention. - . Mi. Sii~r's' .iiotioi 'for conisidering, in Comliitteeo:'f' th? .?Whol, the expediency of bringing in a b lill t'o declare eight hours a legal day's work, .wns, n after liscussion, ,adopted without a diiaioil: Thoe second .'reading was Sfixed foir 18thlOctober. 'Tue NIatsoniio QUEsTiss'oc-The Govern .'nient mcdicil- oflcer, who ihas been appointcd to inspoct ani reopoirtupon th'e nighteoil depot .in thie rcsorvo, will probably be in ewcastlo 'this morninig; when lie waill visit the shaft and make all nccessary observations thelreon. FAIS- T'R~DP. AssObOi~TION.--kA mnectiing 'vill be hstld in Latlham's Hall, Wolfe-street, this evening, at 7.30o'clock, whenall persons w::islng to join tile Fair T£rde Association .are rcqucsted, to attend, and consider pre liminnary matters in..connection with tihe institution. Arrmiihn FALSF ISnTOiMATION.- At the S'local police court yesterday, tllreO Chinnimon wore c'alrged nu:it;hb falsely charging 'ih e Ah Ifce with selling a bottle of gin, ho not being ."licdnsed so to-do. Tihe hlirgbhlad ar'isen out of a ease of alleged- sly grog selling, which ?willcome on Tor heariing on Tlihinrsday,ind at the requaest of thle ece'used tlcir case was Spostpbned iintil thfat day. Bait w?sri allowed. WVaaLER O.w Mi?mlAsN " The trouble is that hlie is biliaous in his intellect, gran grened in' is political priidijiled; and colour blind uinhis memory. Hie is a dismal ghost, nlo dances along., the horizon of a new epoch wiit~iout o?ealisifig td;t tlh:eio dawning lighlt ought t6 be tlhe signal for' lhis depar :ture." R.A.OB.-Crown Lodge, No. 14, S B.,holil its usual aweely miceeting last iiight, i special feathre being the harmony. This lodge cer tainly holds pride of place in the Northern dilstrict. Its meetings being so well attended indicates the fact of the true, spirit of Buf faloism existing among thle ibrethren of the ,oraer under this banner. :ITrr, WAuATAI.--nYesterda.y morning North Wara~tah was visited by a very severe hailstorm, which- continued: for ':about- a •quiiirter of an: ;hoir, the stones being large andtlhick ; so thlick, indeed, that a :couple of children were able to -scrap up 'platefuls. TIhe storm wa~i entirely local, for, although it was raiining ii VWaratah proper, there was no sign of hail the se : ' ArruoPRTATE. -The beaiitiful, ithough grotesquely-carved, alignmentpotsa which are such an ornamcntt to the principal streets in the heart of the city aro?to be taken up and replaced by brass pillirs, with suitable iin scriptions. Tuhe old liosts, like .London's Temple Bar, are to be suitably set up else Tw'hliere. Need we name tlhe exact sleot and locality? I- uiPoswOD.--Thlo Town Clerk (Mr. E. S. Holland) was absent from his usual post of duty.at the Council Cihambers yestcrday, and nipon inquiry we found thatli he was soimewhst severely indisposed, which neccssitistfed .his remiininng at home. All who have business to triansaect with Mr. Holland and uiils' iany :friends will wish him a speedy recovery to good health. Quril. Tluvc.-Says Monday's .'vening .Netsud:--' Putting passengers into bunks with -a lpowerful electric-lighlt close to their eye balls, and giving themn no curtain to blind it, is one of lthe.dheri6ful pleasantries of the INewcastle Steamship. Comnpany people. Thie :and a thin' srip of blanktet will make thlinga lively for open berth trivellors." This is a fac:bt; the bulkof ;blhe bunkl;i in tlhe saloon' are not curtained, and tle electric-liglht, which is mot put ouit or evei turiin'ed down, Is a source ,of imperative sleeplessness to sensitive people, while tihe blafiliet.ac-o0mmodation is miserably farcical. OSOEENE iLAhirOwAE.- A seaman namecd Lynch, was charged at the local police court cesterday iith using obscene 'language ii ~Iunter-street tlhe previous evening.. At ac ecused'a' rel;qieosb tihecase as ci-anded until -this morning, to allow .him to call witnesses. A- ccused:was.'given into custody by a private citiozen, and in connection with this,the P.?l. took oocasioni to say thait tho police,sdeemedb tLake it'S .asa iitmttei of coiisoee tht tlhey mnst arrest yany persoii 'aiio is given into their .eustod;, but thie bee -'ay would :le, cxcept in -L very aggravated ease, to instruct theio aggrieved person to proceed by summnons. 'lhoe person alho gave .another'-into custody anight prove; in dthue e.dventdof the charge not being substantiated, to be one against whorlm hler ocould be no.redress.: -' .hlie ?ub-inspector in .eourt pointed out .tthat, the man who had gsa en the accused: inthis c- ase iito :custody b.ad: ignied the c:hairge. 15l0kind had:thus taken the responsibility upon himiself, :but thlio angiust.'ite ,observed :tlhat tlr-t iesponsibility zreallyimUant nolthing g. . - ocNa?s~.cl--he faEvourite s"mneibis "be?i?age " Olamence Ianunc ll' Lmon Syruiq tbo be ihad slt u. hotels,;rnui eeiias &e;:, ajdad[bstili: lisho.ett unter-st.rera Aercasestll.e 4. 6 Messrs 3. Crier uil eon wi;ll so 1 on Seturdlay next a.. i.b-'rrlsoms,a8 large allotments at Goford Heighm -. Cont{-et a r??r " d to ofitr adverti?ig olouius foprutciPur r Oct ?reral .nw. wprksfor 'a ,-hite'atecdere are ievitd. IMessrs. J.' C. Bollarius alnd Son will sell at S o'clock to-morrow, 5 excellenttuilding allotments sit leorudale Terraese Ingallstreet. Lessrs. E1wards and Tighe wi-f sell to-morrow the well-kelpt household turniture of Mr. lHenry Guy.K.. - The publio aro relminled thlattueo ery importimu sale of railway cntra'ctsrs' pleut wUll be held to morrow and on Friday by Messra. ?Thos. Cox and -Co. ___________ 