The influeutial deputation whioh waited on the Premier on Wednesday in relation to the subject of Yarra pollution had no difficulty iu showing that the present con- dition of the river is inimical to the pub lic health. Mr. Gillies was no doubt sufficiently satisfied of the fact, as he showed no alacrity to accept the offer of the Victorian Rowing Association to row him over any part of the river. Time was when such an excursion would have had its charms for a jaded .politician, but- the river as it now is is a thing to bo avoided. The chief points discussod were what remedial measures could bo adopted under tho existing law, and what fresh legislation, if any, was needed. T)r. Ileum attached great importance to the noxious trades carried on upon the river banks as sources of Yarra pollution, and he was by no means satisfied that the powers of the existing law had been exhausted in coping with this cause of contamination. We are inclined to agree with Dr. Hearn in this opinion. Under the common law proceedings can be taken against any person who creates a nuisance, and it is difficult to conceive a greater nuisance than a polluted river running through the heart of a populous city. Parliament has not, however, been con tent to rely upon the protection afforded to the public by tho common law, but has had recourse to special legislation to pre vent the Yarra being contaminated. The act of 1855, which prohibited the.incrcasc of noxious trades above the Queen's Wharf, aud provided heavy penalties for permitting offensive matter to pass into the river, is still in force, aud some one must be held responsible for the provisions of the law being shamelessly disregarded. In the absence of a general metropolitan authority, tho duty of prose cution would appear naturally to devolve upon the Central Board of Health ; and some mora satisfactory explanation than has been tendered should be forthcoming why this duty has been neglected by the Board. The Chairman has given expres sion to some rather peculiar views as to the supposed inadequacy of the law. He thinks proceedings must bo taken within six months of the erection or extension of a building for the purposes of a noxious trade, and that only one prosecution can be brought for allowing offensive matter to flow into the stream. He may be right in his first contention, but ho is obviously mistaken in supposing that a person can not be proceeded against more than once for a continuous offence. At all eventB, it is desirable that the opinion of the Supreme Court should bo sought on the poiut if necessary, and it is hardly the business of the Board of Health to allow non-natural interpretations of the law to interfere with the prosecution of a public duty. How that the attention of the Government has been called to the matter, the law officers of the Crown will no doubt take steps to set the law in motion where required, either through tho medium of the Central Board of Health or the police. One reason which has been given for the Yarra Pollution Act having been allowed to become a dead letter is that the justices will not carry it out. Those who give this explanation ought to point out the instances in which the magistrates have refused to convict ou sufficient evi dence. We question whether there is a bench iu the colony which would deliberately decido against tho law and the facts. They may possibly be misled on erroneous points of law raised ou behalf of the defence, but the judg ments, if detrimental to the public interest, need not be accepted by the pro- secution as final, since it is always open to correct the mistakes of the magistrates by appealing to a higher tribunal. The truth is that the law has been allowed to lie dormant, not on account of its inefficiency, nor because tho justices refused to carry it out, hut because it has not been deemed the special business of any one to take the initiative. Perhaps the apathy displayed on the subject by central and local boards of health and the State authorities was due, in part, to the consideration that tho oper ations of the noxious trades were merely contributory to the pollution, and that their removal would still leave the river coutaminated by the city and suburban sewerage. To reach the root of the evil provision must bo made for the interception of this sewerage ; and the Mayor of Melbourne indicated the chief bane and the sole antidote when he said that the question of keeping the Yarra pure was the making of provision for artificial drainage, and that such provision could only bo made by the establishment of a Metropolitan Board of Works. The Premier appeared to acquiesce in this view, and mentioned that the bill for establish ing the board was now nearly ready for submission to the local bodies interested. Considering the importance of this measure from a sanitary point of view, aud the length of time it has been under discussion, complaint may reasonably be made that the drafting of the bill should have been delayed until the eve of tho session. It is to be hoped that the municipal councils interested will toko note of the significant remark of Mr. Gillies, that unless the bill came back to hiin almost immediately it would be impossible to express an opinion as to its chances of passing this session. The councils should take care that no undue delay on their part shall furnish au excuse for further procrastination. The experience of last summer and autumn tells us that the scourge of typhoid is becom ing more virulent year by year, aud there is 110 hope of effectually coping with it with the oxisting municipal machinery. To postpone the Metropolitan Board of Works Bill for another year will be little better tliau a crime against humanity, since it will mean so many more homes desolated, and so many more constitutions wrecked by the ravages of preventible disease. Thero is already a general agreement as to tho principles of the bill, and the settlement of the detailc ought not to occupy much time. Mr. Filzgibbon estimates the period necessary for the municipal revision at a month, aud this date ought to be early enough to suit the convenience of the Ministry. The Uouso dees not meet until the 7th of next mouth, and we can hardly hope to escape the usual three weeks' palaver over the Address. Parliament could not, there fore, he in a position to consider the mea sure before July, even were it in the hands of Mr. Gillies on the day the session opens. Its consideration need not occupy the Legislature for any lengthy peiriod. What hon. members aro mainly, con cerned with are the principles of the bill, the details agreed to by local govern meut experts being more reliable than any the House itself would he likely to devise. Tuerk can be no question that the public platform has become a sort of fifth estate, next in rankand in importance to the press, and that a public meeting for the discus sion of grievances is one of the re cognised organs of public opinion, and a very potent weapon in the armory of the Constitution. The only objection that is likely to bo urged to the meeting which was arranged for at St, Patrick's Hall on Wednesday evening is that the subject to be discussed, namely, the Irish Coercion Bill of the Salisbury Government, is ono that couccrns Imperial' and not Colonial politicians, but we do not think that there is much if auy force in it. For, after all, behind the Irish Coercion Bill lies the question of Irish Indepen dence, and tho consequent breaking up of tho British Empire ; and in tho settle ment of such a question who shall say that the citizens of Victoria have not us keen an interest as the citizens of Middlesex or Dublin? For the opinion of the meeting , to bo of 'any value ono way or other, however, it should be a thoroughly repre sentative one; that is to say, it should represent not only the feelings of Irish men, but of every other section of the community in equal proportions. And this is just what it is not likely to be, wo arc afraid. In tho first place, it was started in St. Patrick's Hall, and in thencxt place tho uttcraucesof the Irishmen who aro apparently its chief promoters gave out a very decided flavor of the genius loci. It is true that tho Rev. Dr. Strong and the Rev. Dr. Bcvan attended it for the purpose of declaring against Coercion in the abstract ; but the moving spirits were tho thrco Irish Catholic clergymen who took the leading part in organising it. Prior Butler was more than Catholic, for he struck a decidedly anti-Protestant key-note when lio empha sised the statement that tho chief outrage that had been perpetrated was in the north of Ireland, and that it had been done by Orangemen. Tho catalogue of crimes is such a large and ghastly one that it is not easy to pick out one of exceptional heinousncss, but Prior Butler seems to liavo in his mind something even more brutal and shocking than the assassination of Lord Cavendish and Mr. Burke in the Phceuix Park, and with which Orangemen had certainly nothing to do. It is neither fair nor politic, therefore, to throw out an insinuation which is both unjust aud is calculated to deprive the forthcoming Demonstration of half Hb force by excluding the Irish Protestant element. If Prior Butler simply wants to denounce Coercion as an instrument for tho suppression of crime and crime- fostering associations iu Ireland, his cue should bo to get as many Irish men as possible, irrespective of creed, to join in the protest with him, because , the more unanimous tho support it com- mauds the more efficacious and influential it will be. A protest that is subscribed by tho friends of tho Irish National League exclusively will not he worth tho paper it is written on in tho eyes of .Eng lish statesmen, because it is a foregone conclusion that all Nationalists are opposed to auy measure that seeks to keep the myrmidons of the party, that is to say, the Moonlighters and the gentle men who celebrate the virtues of Dynamite in jubilation odes, from doing what they please with tho lives aud pro perties of their more loyal and peaceably disposed neighbors. We are not going to be drawn into a discussion of the merits of Lord Salisbury's Bill 011 the present occasion. It is an extreme measure, of course, but so was Mr. Glad stone's before it, and the Irish people are practically in a state of revolt agaiust the laws of the country. To use the figure employed by Burke, it is tho medicine aud not the daily food of the Constitution, and every Liberal will make allowance for the urgent state of the patient. The suspension of the jury system, evcu for a moment, has a shocking sound about it in British cars, and so lias the sus pension of tho habeas corjms ; hut Revolutions, and the agitators who live by them, caunot be put down with rose water. The British Parliament for the last six or seven years lias been doing nothing else but contriving measures for bettering the condition of the Irish farmer and removing Irish grievances generally ; and it is not its fault if it has to lay by Land Bills and Homo Rule Bills and other beneficent measures of the same kind in order to interpose for the imme diate protection of the lives and properties of peaceable Irishmen and Irishwomen throughout Ireland. It is too lato in the day to attempt to get up a scare ou the ground of a meditated attack upon the liberties of Englishmen all over the globe ; and Dr. Bcvan particularly must have been conscious that he was raising a very poor ghost indeed to frighteu us with when he said that if the Coercion Bill of Lord Salisbury was not now condemned by us our quiescence might be taken as a provocation some day for using it against the colonies. This, of course, is non sense, and it is nonsense of a kind that may alienate sensible people from an otherwise good cause. The colonics arc perfectly safe for any thing that English statesmen can do to them ; but that is no reason why, as we said at the first, colonists should not meet aud express their views about the position into which the people of Ireland have drifted, und about the best means of extricating them, without using either threats or insinuations,, aud without draw ing inferences that the logic of the case docs not justify. The Liberal party in this colony is, we believe, for the most part in favor of giving Ireland a local Parliament for tho administration of Irish ' affairs ; but it is not goiug to be bamboozled, under any pre tence whatever, into au alliance with tho Separatists of tho National League, who openly flourish their designs boforo tho world in the very title they give themselves. Liberals hate tho mime of Coercion as cordially as Prior Butler, and they reverence the name of Mr. Glad stone ; but they know that Mr. Gladstone has tried to settle the Irish question aud has failed, and they naturally, in company with a large section of the Liberal party in England, hesitate before they give him the opportunity of making another ex periment, that must end in the Repeal of the Union if Mr. Parnell and his friends aro to have a finger in it. Mr. Gillies's reply to the members of the Eaglehawk borough council, who waited on him with a statement of their doubts and anxieties touching the expenditure of municipal fundB over Jubilee cele brations, will be received with satisfaction throughout the colony. At Eaglelmwk, as elsewhere, there reeide a few crosj grained people, who object to jubilation on general principles, and specially object to spending municipal money over it be cause, as ratepayers, that makes them participants in the festivities in their own despite. Some of these amiably disposed burgesses have been threatening to "take the law", of the councillors if they vote a sum for such loyal frivolities as illuminations, and they came therefore to get their legal bearings fixed by the principal State pilot. Mr. Gillies bado tbem return in peace, and allow such threats to "pass by them " as the idle wind, which they respect „ not." Ho said that he had aire ad jt set the minds of the Melbourne Couneil at rest upon the subject by prouusing if any ratepayer persisted in such action to at once call upon Parliament to pass a bill to legalise tho expenditure of municipal funds on the Jubilee celebration. Thero aro several ' councils lo which this assur ance of the Premier's will bring comfort and consolation. That a threat of this description is not in all cases a mere brulum fulmcu was proved yesterday in tho law courts, when an application was presented to Mr. Justioo Kerferd to grant an inter locutory ordor to restrain the Mayor and Councillors of Richmond from expending a sum of money voted by them on the 12th inst. for giving a Jubilee treat to tho local school children. Tho principal ground alleged to justify this application is .that thero is nothing in the Local Government Act authorising it, and that it is therefore illegal. The case was post poned at the request of the defendants until Monday next, when wo suppose it will coino up for argument. To ninety-nine persons out of every hundred the action taken by the muni cipal representatives of the public in seeking to aid the general rejoicing is, thero can be little doubt, thoroughly acceptable. Individual members of tho community are, we have maintained, justified in exer cising their own private judgment as to the way in which they will exhibit their loyalty, or to rofrain if they so please from making public demonstration thereof in any fashion. If a discontented Achilles choosoB to retire into his tent and sulk on the days and nights when his comrades are joyfully celebrating tho national festival by all means lot liini. Municipal institu tions are the admitted safeguards of demo cratic privileges, because a majority, and riot a minority, control their action. Their character will bo altogether changed if when the great mass of the people deBire them to take the lead in a common festivity they are to be brought to a dead stop by veto of some ratepaying Scrooge who has a personal objection to rejoicing. Scrooge's action may, however, be the unwitting means of conferring a public benefit if it result in putting the power of municipal councils to spend a trifle at rare epochs on buns and crackers beyond dispute. 