Items. ' Cold. larrikins. Splendid season so far. Splendid moist weather. Teetulpa reefs looking well. Colours (17) v. 25 all-comers. Drill to-night Good muster wanted. Some good scores on Wednesday last. Goats in the Kooringa streets beware ! A good sum obtained for the Buna poor. Trees being planted will get a good start. That ' Ghost' at Cradock not shown up yet. Political matters beginning to e/tcite Interest. Profits long waited for likely to come at last Typhoid fever is still prevalent in Melbourne. The S.A. Ostrich Company is prospecting. New S. A. loan of .£850,000 to be issued on May 10. Tasmanian wheat average last harvest 16*93 bushels. The minimum of the new S.A. loan is fixed at ;£ior. A station in Queensland has been stuck up by blacks. Midwinter's Hotel, at Baldina, burnt down yesterday. Another all night sitting in the Sydney Assembly. Coffee grown in the Territory will be at the Exhibition. Splendid result at the Alma and Victorian Gold Mine. Mr. R. Snell going to construct public baths in Kooringa. Social to the Hon. Dr. Cockburp at James town last night. Russian fleets in the Baltic and Pacific are being strengthened. Departures from Port Adelaide last week, 247\. Arrivals, 236. The French Government have given M. Schnaebel a pension. Mr. Cave got six first and two second prizes at the Adelaide show. .£1,000 paid to Brady and Smith fordiscover ing the Teetulpa diggings. The cup match was decided altogether ir respective of the handicaps. Great irritation between the French and Germans along the frontier. ,£500 voted to the Mayor of Adelaide, to expend on jubilee festivities. The Protectionists are making a move already for the amendment of the tariff! £51 18s. taken at the door in shillings at the Adelaide Chrysanthemum Show. Excursion tickets at single fares to Adelaide from all stations after June :3th. Preparations being made in Adelaide for plenty of visitors to the Exhibition. A sanatorium in the hills near Adelaide pro posed as the S. A. jubilee memorial. A committee of ladies working in Adelaide to commemorate the Queen's Jubilee. A man named Kasper Modystack has been killed near Clare, by his can capsising. Nearly 200 tree-guards shifted and new trees planted this season by the Corporation. About 70 books a year sent out from the Sydney leading library are never returned. Volunteers should push along with their classnring before the rough weather comes. Mr. P. B. Coglin offers as a candidate for the Legislative Council in the Central District Mr. Cave has raised from seed a new pom pon chrysanthemum, which is quite a little gem. Entries for second stage of cup match must be in by noon of Monday next 500 and 600 yards. The Hon. J. L. Parsons is as sanguine as ever as to the prospects of the Northern Ter ritory. The Hon. G. C. Hawker is said to be the coming leader of the opposition in the As sembly. The Government persist in going on with' that unnecessary work at the railway station after all. From 12,000 to 15,000 children to take part in the' jubilee demonstration in Adelaide on Tune 20. Professor McMinnies brings with him most satisfactory testimonials as to his agricultural knowledge. ' Mr. D. Virgo, an old resident near Mount Gambler, has been killed by being thrown out of his trap. A young man named Marjoram, aged 20, stands committed for trial on a series of charges of burglary. The committee who worked up that enter tainment the band and all helpers, deserve many thanks. More than twice as many vessels visited Port Darwin last half year, compared with the previous half. A jury summoned by mistake a week to soon at the Supreme Court. Their expenses had to be paid. It is suggested that vice-regal residence at Marble House be turned into a jubilee memorial as a sanatorium. The Hon. Jas. Martin, M.L.C.,suggeststhe construction of the Barossa water weir as a Jubilee memorial. Five millon armed men in Europe waiting for the bugle's note. The Mayor, Drs. Brummitt and Sangster and Mr. E. C. Lockyer, J.P., to distribute the money to the poor. The Conservator of Forests has been author ised to do a good deal of experimental plant ing in the 90-Mile Desert The Wonna and Parnarvoo Farmers' Associa- tion consider the valuation of improvements on the '88 leases absurdly high. The London Times considers the Australian objections to the French occupation to the New Hebrides fully justified. ' An Adelaide Syndicate has made an offer to lease and work all the extensive Government tramways in Sydney and the suburbs. The British Government have so far yielded as to enable the Conference to agree npon the immediate and powerful defence of Albany. To see the effects of irrigation and the amount of produce which a small plot even in Burra will yield, visit Mr. R. Snell's garden. The present Government evidently have no faith in the ability of the New Parliament, to help the colony or they would call them to gether at once. Lord Salisbury now says that there was never any intention on the part of 'he British Govern ment to allow the French to violate their pledge as to the autonomy of the New Hebrides. The District Council of Nairne have bad a case decided against them in the Supreme Court, because they sued as the ' Naime Dis trict Council' instead ot as 'the 'District Council of Nairne.' The line-repairers who live in those band some cottages scattered along the South Aus tralian railways are charged a shilling a week rent for each room. Mr. H. C Mair has ,£1,150 a year and £100 a year in lieu of house. Flies and Bugs, Beetles, insects, roaches, ants, bed-bugs, rats, mice, gophers, Jack rabbits, cleared ou: by 'Rough on Rats. Mom* Mow & Go., Sydney, Gerund Aptntu, 