^ 'Ob starvations. oh;wHerd,isi 6tfrVH&o-; gatta-Secrotaxy gone ?' ? ' 'VVo all knoySaturday nigllt that Hanlan noyor had a gliost of a show. We wcro'n't SO' oonfoundodly suro 'about ' it Fridav though. J Taking the incontive of the pullers of theriation, tlio Loiohhardt Council tned to do thoir. business against timolastMondav: but got caught m tho (wishy) wash, and didntt-pull it off. , .' _ _ ;i r *Hanlau. couldn't - complain .in. the .raco of oomg ono of tho. great unwashe.d[~ ^ ? Aldonnan Cook got the . honorable- pro- motion. to.' Captain ' Cook at last Coun cil Meeting, through a lapsus Ihxjimc on tho part of tho Maj-or. Ho looked quite nau tical at tho tiino. _ Our own J.P. now translates his title as Justico of Penrith. AMennen Noal is woll ofE for titles if thoso of his^brotheisaldermon'areitocorded. Alderman Winklo called him tho ' Left handed Mayor ' a fortnight ag'o, while at last liioetiug of tho Council. Aldeiman? ; Walsli titlod him tlio ^coadjutator Mayor.' 1 A I russian outaido wanted to know if that wils anything to cat, while, a second, person thought it a usurpation of tho position of Mayoress.-: vlt is irulys astonishingxwhftt a fever '^ generated in the'- brains 'of'sohio when; tho atmosphere becomes agitated bv election ;cnes. v ,r a At tho » pay-over ' Eogatta Meefinglast Saturday, voto of thanks might ^eU bavo been given to the Hon Treasurer, for it is safe to say that if there hadn't been anjr Chidgey this year there would ha.vo been. no. Regatta. . ? - r: - .. . - . .. r. . . Alddi'inen Nealand WalshWolcoinnienc ing to enjoy, each others -company so much about sleoping with- each other, last Monday_.night, i.sMaj'or Bums lias a sceptical disbelief/ in the gonuiness of the promises of ' serious consideration ' so freol}' givonby Ministers (of the Prown and Mayors of Sydney. I Sanitary^ C.onimitteo of ? tlieiLeich hnrJt Council inspected tlio dairies and all present, oxcopt tho Mayor's and Inspec tor s horses thought tlvein well worth lbok 'igiat- ? -Tho quadrupeds tinned ?upr their uoses.at 'inilk and made off. V - ' South-west ward aldermen' wore' riot fre quent at tho ' Abattoirs Meeting Monday, except the Mayor. A visitor to tho Balmain Council Tues day,: remarked on 'the busiriessrlike way in which, .affairs, wore ; conducted. One for ' tho only.' '? : Mr, .Garrard! received the thanks of the Council - for his - management . of. r the Wharves Bill in Parliament, f ' ' ' : Single /trips; Id.,, woekly tickets Is. .Hoo^JorJHVJ'onnylEbriy!. 1:.. ? . TK'o Clerk of Works for the now 'Toy n Ilall is young, but: ho will probably grow up with tlio, building. ' . !a Aldorman Olynier didn't seo any smell about Baton- strcot sshool, and Aidorman Punch , thinks Aidorman Clj'mer don't know how to smell. Ho forgets the famous '? committeo of ono.'' }{ij}ix 'inonClisfgaol^for. stealing a: hatfin tlio Polieo* Court Wednesday. v Remarkably full turn out of tho Aldermen at last .Tuesday's' Council Meeting.1 ' Eyen the. ya'cint chair tyas filled. 