WHY AM I A CATHOLIC? (Rev. S. M. Brandi, S.J., in North American Review.) (Continued.) LET me take, for instance her doctrine concerning the Sacraments, and it will clearly appear how, by her ministry, she sanctifies every stage and condition of life. She teaches that we are born in a state of sin (Bom. v. 12), and, therefore, that before we can live the life of grace, we must be purified from our guilt—we must receive a spiritual birth (John iii. 5). And this she gives us by means of the Sacrament of Baptism (Matt, xxviii. 19). After being spiritually born, our life of grace is but weak. We are indeed Christians, but we have to become strong and perfect Christians ; and we are made such, she teaches us, by receiving from her the Sacrament of Confirmation (Acts viii. 15,17). Furthermore, as in temporal life, so also in the spiritual, we stand in need of nourishment—our souls must be frequently fed with the " bread of life" (John vi. 48); and this she gives us in the Sacrament of the Holy Eucharist, which, as we know again from her Divine leaching, is the true Body and Blood of Christ, under the appearance of bread and wine (John vi. 51,52, Matt. xxvi. 26— 28). But to be perfect is not human. We are liable to fall into sin and lose thereby the state of grace. We stand in need, therefore, of some healing remedy for sin. This necessary remedy she provides for us in the Sacrament of Penance, in which, by the priest's absolution, given to us by the authority of Christ delegated to him (John xx. 22,23), joined with contrition, confession, and satisfaction, the sins which were committed after baptism are forgiven. Again the Church knows that it is at the time of our death that we are in the greatest spiritual need. Weakened by disease, we are less able to withstand the attacks of the enemy of our salvation. This special assistance which we need then she communicates to us in the Sacrament of Extreme Unction, the anointing of the sick mentioned by St. James (v. 14, 15). In religion, to sanctify ourselves we stand in need of spiritual teachers and guides —of men who are " ministers of Christ and stewards of the mysteries of God" (I. Cor. iv. 1); and these are supplied, together with the powers and graces necessary for them, by the Sacrament of Holy Orders (II. Tim. i. G). And, finally, she sanctifies the married state by the Sacrament of Matrimony, which she considers as the emblem of that sacred union which exists between Christ and His Church (Eph. v. 25, 32). This, she teaches us, has been instituted to give to married persons the graces required for the fulfilment of their duties and for the religious training of their children. Assisted by the Holy Ghost, who gives efficacy to her ministry, the Catholic Church is ever gathering new members into her fold, and implanting in them the principle of supernatural life, and, by the practices of devotion she inculcates, she fosters that life in all. And if some of her children are not actually saints, it is only because they do not live in accordance with their Faith. In fact, in every age and in every land she has been and is the fruitful mother of saints, and thousands of her sons and daughters renounce all worldly honours and enjoyments in order to consecrate all that they have, and all that they are, to the service of God and of their fellow-men, always ready to lay down their lives for them. Witness those heroic men who vowed to attend the lepers, and bear the awful consequences of their self-devotion; witness those who solemnly vowed to remain in slavery themselves, if they could not otherwise redeem the captives; witness those many priests and Sisters of Charity who lay down their lives in every epidemic. In a word, with an activity and zeal for souls which even her enemies are forced to admit, the Catholic Church leaves nothing undone for the conversion of sinners, for the instruction of the ignorant, for the relief of the poor of Christ. Her many missions in every land, her schools of every degree for the rich and poor, her books of devotion in every tongue, her hospitals, asylums, and charitable institutions of every kind, are so many proofs of her untiring zeal in fulfilling her Divine mission to bring all to Christ. The true Church .of Christ has always been and mist Always be " Catholic" according to those words of the Apostles' Creed: "I believe in the Holy Catholic Church." Hence we find the term Catholic used by the Fathers as a distinctive mark- of the true Church. St. Ignatius (A.D. 107), writing to the Church Of Smyrna, says: "Where the Bishop is,'there let the multitude of b'eliervers be ) e^Vnas where Jesus Christ is,'there is' tiie Catholic Church." This catholicity of the true Church, instituted by .Christ,'is threefold—catholicity 0f isirifcnsidn,' "jjoing, teach all nations;" tatholicity of doctrine, "teaching them to observe all thingscatholicity „< duration, " I am with you all d ays * to the consummation of the worl^ Catholicity, then, implies a multitude It members spread throughout the tfh l world, in all ages, and profession Z same doctrines. Now this is .T.MI what I find in the Church to which] belong. Her members far outnumber all the other Christian denomination t aken^eth c ® r - ^cording to the London Scientific Miscellany there are n* 254,000,000 Catholics. These are Je'd all over the world, so that there ia »„ civilised or savage country known wher the Catholic Church is not actually established, and carrying out the worti Christ. "The Catholic Church i 8 ! called," says St. Augustine, "becan 8e it is diffused throughout the world" (Ep. 52, ad Sever, n. 1). Catholics can repeat to-day what Tertullian (A.D. 19M s'aid of the Catholics of his time:'" W have filled every place, cities, islands 6 castles, towns, assemblies, jour verv camps, your tribes, companies, palace, senate, forum! We leave you but vour temples" (Apol. 22). And what is more important, the Church so diffused holds every where the same faith, has the same constitution, the same sacraments, the same form of government. She is Catholic as she is one. To the question, then- "Why am I a Catholic ?" I might well answer in the words of St. Augustine: " Many things detain me in the bosom of the Catholic Church. . . . The name itself of the Catholic Church keeps me a name which, in the midst of so many heresies, this Church alone has, not without cause, so held possession of, that while all heretics would fain have themselves called Catholics, yet, to the query of any stranger,' Where is the meeting of the Catholic Church held?' they would not dare to point out their own basilica or house " (C. Ep. Fund., c. 4). By "Apostolic Church" is meant the Church which Christ established by means of His Apostles, whom, as the Gospels tell us, He selected, instructed, ordained, and commissioned to perpetuate among men to the end of time His divine mission. The Church, then, to be Apostolic, must be the Church established by the Apostles—that is, it must have an Apostolic origin, it must teach the tame doctrine which the Apostles taught, and her ministers must derive their authority from those same Apostles. That the Catholic Church has an Apostolic origin is a fact which cannot be questioned. Dr. Lardner, a Protestant writer, speaking of the foundation of the Church of Home by St. Peter, assures us that " this is the general, uncontradicted, disinterested testimony of ancient writers in the several parts of the world," and he adds," it is not for our honour, nor for our interests, either as Christians or Protestants, to deny the truth of events ascertained by early and well attested tradition" (Works, vol. (5, p. 253, London, 1838). " It is the universal testimony of tradition," says Dr. T. Schaff," that Peter laboured last in Rome" (" Hist, of the Ap. Church," p. 362, N.Y., 1853). And Dr. Whistwn, another Protestant, speaking of the same subject, expresses himself in a still stronger way.- " This is so clear," he says, " in Christian antiquity, that it is a shame for a Protestant to confess that it has ever been denied by Protestants "(" Memoirs," London, 1750). It will suffice, then, to cite a few testimonies from the early doctors of the Church. Thus St. Cyprian calls the Boman See the " Sec of Peter" (Ep. 55, n. 14). St. Jerome calls Pope Damasus " the Successor of the Fisherman," and his chair " the chair of Peter" (Ep. 15, n. 2). And St. Augustine calls Linus, the Koman Bishop," the Successor of St. Peter" (Ep. 53, n. 2). A careful examination, moreover, or the doctrines of the Catholic Church wiU prove clearly to any unprejudiced mind that she teaches whole and entire the very same doctrines that were taught by the Apostles. This I find to be admitted by Protestants themselves, at least as far as it concerns those points which they call " fundamental," or "the original elements of the Gospel." See ex. gr. H°dges " Systematic Theology," p. 3, c. 17, § and Hopkins' "End of Controversy Controverted" (Lett. 19). What they ;try in vain to prove is that the Catholic Church, together with those doctrines, has taught many errors, that she has added many new points of doctrine to the original deposit of faith. I have diligently examined each and every one or these points, and the result of this study has been to convince me the more that the so-called additions are not new articles of faith, but only authoritative declarations of the teaching Church that the doctrines in question had been revealed to the Apostles, and had come down » us either by Scripture or tradition. (To be concluded, in our next.) " BUOHU-PAIBA."—Quick, con plete CA^I annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Uf'jW Diseases. 'At chemists 'and druggists. Jfeiwn, Qrimwade & Co., Agts., Melbourne. 