THE SIGN OF THE RED INDIAN. JttBt on the outskirts of the seaport and garrison town of Chnbleigh, in the sonth-west of England, stands a little old fashioned hosterly called the Red Indian. How it came by its name is involved in obscurity. The antiquity of the inn is undoubted, and a tradition is current in the district, that during the unfortunate Monmouth's rebellion it was used as the temporary headquarters of Colonel Eirke. In its back-garden, a wooden seat is still- ehown to visitors on which that bloodthirsty officer, sur- ronnded by his ' lambs,' is alleged to have sat in judgment, and thence ruth lessly consigned to the gallows scores of the unoffending rustics of the locality. From time immemorial, the Red Indian has been in the hands of a family named Slade. The present proprietor, though, generally speaking, as deliberate in man ner as John Willet, is yet apt to be garrulously communicative in talking of his inn and itB interesting historical associations. Above the rnstic porch over the door there Is fixed a large, rndely carved, wooden figure of a savage holding in its hand a tomahawk. The Indian's nose was long ago knocked off by a well-directed stone thrown by some mischevions nrchin ; bis original coat of paint has peeled off, and large cracks are vuiDie, wnicn ran tne wnole length of the figure. Altogether, this Indian is as disreputable-looking a sign as a traveller might perceive throughout the length and breadth of England. Never theless, it is in connection with this dilapidated timber savage that the writer obtained, from the landlord of the Red Indian, materials for the following story. When the present century was in its infancy, the Bon of the then proprietor, end grend-nncle of the present landlord, was engaged in the capacity of boatswain of a privateer, which had been fitted oat with the object of preying on the French merchant service. In the Mediterranean, the privateer captnred a large vessel, which in part was laden with the pro duct of the labours of a Parisian cnriosify- hnnter, who had been dispoiiing ancient Grecian temples, with the object of supplying the virtuosi of the French metropolis with antique sculptures and bronzes, and thereby securing a large profit to himself. The privateersmen were greatly disappointed at not finding specie, and what they considered market able merchandise, on board the French man, and attached bat tittle value to the battered though priceless baa-reMefe and statues. Boatswain Slade took a great fancy to a life-sized bronzed gladiator, which he considered would prove an acceptable addition to the attractions of tne nacE-garnen 01 nis tamer s inn, ana managed, for a few shillings, to effect its purchase from the captain. Shortly after the glorions victory of Trafalgar, the privateer was paid off at Chnbleigh ; and the boatswain conveyed the statue on shore to his father's inn. The gladiator was placed on a brick pedestal, flanked on either side by two ruBty carronodes ; and the bareness of the Eurroundings was relieved by the artistic disposal of a number of huge shells which the boatswain bad brought from 'foreign parts,' The host of the Red Indian, however, was soon s'rnck by the idea of making the figure a sign for his hostelry. He had bat little sentimental regard for the rich green mould of antiqnity, so, with execrable vandalism, carefnlly scraped it off the etatne, and had thB gladiator painted a bright scarlet by a local artist, who took payment for hie work in the old ale for which the hostelry was famous. This operation performed, the metamorphosed gladiator was removed to a prominent position in front of the Inn door, and for years did duty as a Bed Indian. Its brilliant appearance was a perpetual source of gratification and delight to the host and his numerous customers ; while inqniring strangers were proudly Informed that it had been captnred from the frog- eaters. Once a year the extemporised Indian received a fresh coat of paint ; and save when its head was decorated at times with a. disused tin pall or hnjold hat by some facetioas individuals, It was not otherwise interfered with. At the close of the year 1815, Chnb leigh was en fete in connection with the disembarkation of the 31st Regiment of Light Dragoons, which during that year had performed doughty service at Water loo, and which had just returned from the occupation of Paris. The pip ing times of peace had again retained, and, naturally enough, the officers and men who had assisted to destroy the power of the once dreaded ' Boney ' were the objects of popular pride and enthusiasm among the inhabitants of the town. When the regiment settled down in quarters, invitations to the honsse of the principal townsmen were showered on the officers, and each vied with the other to entertain these heroes of Waterloo. The younger officers, several of whom had left school to join their raiment In Belcnlm. . nave themselves nrodidoos airs; bat noons considered himself of so mach importance as a taw young Cennanght-man, a cornet named Mike Macnamara. Mike, a warrior of about nine months' sendee, created great amusement both in the officers' mess and in the booses to which he was invited by boasting abont the -number of Frenchmen whom he had placed hart de combat in the late short hut eventful campaign. His bonnes . together with his extreme simplicity rendered him the butt of his brother-officers, and he was in consequence the victim of numerous practical jokes. In these days end for many years subsequently rough horse play and the pecpetation of the most uncomfortable imaginable practical jokes were characteristic of the spirited gentle men who. officered the regiments of British cavalry. Those of our readers who took Hib tronble, some years ago, to wade through the evidence at the Tich- bome trial, wfllnnumber the description of the rathless tricks played on the simple undoubted -Boger by his brother- carabineers. At the .present day, military practical joking is somewhat ont of fashion, and any games thatmay-be played are curtafled of their former dis agreeable proportions, and have assumed a comparatively .mild character. \- Cornet MacnamaraV room was the favonrite arena for a -display of the in genious tricks of his froatioiwfy'inriined brother-officers. Thistles and fleMeats; were placed between "bis sheets fula nf live TSts were IrtiJooMifrft® apartment ; the ants ntlils ir<miamk<I were 'unscrewed,' WO thatwtnniheJpoor follow tamed in/ the -framework of tire couch tumbled to' pieces and landed the mattress on the floor, while at the same time he was dohched by a tub of water from the shelf above, which was fastened with cord to the mhitress and upset simultaneously with the collapse of the bed. ©h- such . occasions Mike was naturally wroth, and expressed himself as anxious to call out the offenders; but despite his utmost vigilance and caution, he conld never capture his tor mentors. late one evening, a party of revellers from barracks were passing the Red Indian, when they espied the vermilioned gladiator. Nothing would Batisfy them but to feloniously remove the statne and return with it to Quarters — a wnrfc- »r consideralbe difficulty, as the figure was heavy. Arrived thither with their load, some one suggested that it should be placed in Cornet Macnamara'e room ; and this idea was hsiled with general en thusiasm. A scont was despatched to the messroom, in order to keep watch on Mike's movement, and give the alarm in case he aonld appear on the Bcene. With great labour the gladiator was hoisted to the top of the staircase of the officer's house ; and Mike's room door having been forced open, the jokers placed the statne on the top of an inverted iron coal-box. The staircase at the time was In process of being whitewashed, so the omcere obtained possession of a tnb of the mixture, and smeared the 'Bed Indian,' a dirty white ; then taking the sheets from Mike's bed, they hang them abont the figure, turning it into a respectable-looking ghoBt Afterwards, the officers dropped one by one into the messroom, and joined a gronp who were listening with great amusement to a new fangled story which was being retailed by Macnamara regarding his prowess at Waterloo. Mike, after clapping an additional two Frenchmeh to the previous grand total of the number who had fallen by his sword, as narrated in his tale of the previous night, left the mess-room in order to proceed to his quarters, whither, io a minute or two, he was stealthily followed by the whole of the officers, who anticipated great fan from the con sternation of their victim when beholding the ghastly apparition in Ub bed-room. Mike gaily entered the apartment, singing a love ditty of his native land, and began to fumble for his tinder-box. After several attempts, he at last managed to light his candle, and of coarse at once perceived the ghost. The comet was filled with thesnperatitions notions of a certain section of his countrymen, and started back nearly overcome with terror. ' Ye saints in glory i what's that 1' he cried ; then leaving the room, he plunged uiauiy uuwu staircase, ana rnsnea yelling across the parade gronnd in the direction of the messroom. In his head long progress, poor Mike did not observe a party of two ladies and a gentleman, who happened to be the colonel, aceom- lanied by his wife and daughter, who led just returned from a dinner- party. Mike ran fnll tilt against his command ing officer, and knocked him into a paddle in the barrack square. The ladies screamed loudly ; and the colonel, with many objargatioos, got on his fret and confronted Ma assailant. 'Yon— Comet Macnamara!' he angrily exclaimed. 'What do yon mean, sir, rushing abont like a madman at this time of night 1 Consider yonrself nnder arrest, sir.' ' Faith, colonel,' answered the nnfor- tnnate Mike, ' I am very sorry, sorr, bat , I did not percaive ye." But, sort, I wint up to me room just now, and as I hope for salvation, I found the divil in it, wid a big white ehate wrapped round him !' The irate colonel at ones surmised that another trick had been played on his subordinate ; so he sent the ladies home to quarters, and then called fondly for the sergeant of the guard with a file of men. When this detachment of the guard appeared on the scene, the colonel ordered them to follow him to Mac- namar&'s room, where, by the light of the sergeant's lantern, he showed the trembling cornet that tbere was nothing supernatural in the character of the figure that had frightened him so much. He then, nnder the circumstances, re lieved Mike from arrest and proceeded home. Mike waited until the commanding officer and men. of the guard were clear of the staircase, and then slid the gladia tor off the coal-box. He edged the statne to the top of the stair, and by main strength toppled It over the banister ; and an instant later, with a loudcrash, the gladiator was smashed Into fragments on the flagstones of the lobby, four stories beneath. It is needless to say that titers was great anger and consternation in the breast of the worthy host of the Red Indian when, next morning, he awoke and found that his cherished statne had mysteriously disappeared. It was not long, however, before be obtained a cine to its whereabouts, as a customer tor formed Mm that, late the previous night he ' met a lot of mffingtar? chaps carry- lag summat' to the -"direction of the barracks. This 'summat' Mr. Slade shrewdly conjectured was. his 'Bed IndtenqVand heatonce wrote to the regimental quarters to ' make inquiries in totbematter. - When the poor landlord discovered the gladiator to its fragmentary state, he became inert angry! and abusive ; . .but was somewhat consoled whenan emissary from the mess informed him that the officers would .make good this damage, end requested him to Inform them by letter next daythe price " at which be valued his statue. The landlord then procured the services of a pasting cart sad %ad the pleces removed to the ton. After a long -consritotion-witb his wife, he decided to assess the" damage at ten guineas ; and by way of malting the most of the business, communicated with a marine store-dealer to to wn, intending to eell the smashed gladiator as old metal. The colonel made the mpst strenuous though unavailing efforto'td dlw»veilthi> practical jokers, and roundly abased the wfaoleiof the mess for their treatment of poor jDke;bntafter a while, the affair passed off in a general langh. Affaire, ho wo ver, were speedily fated to tekB a tom vrhlchc plicated parties to langh the other waj.' A large vessel arrived to tbe jtortof, Chnbleigh from flleran3ria, amb har pasaengera a cglebratedLon- dqnjiitaoeo, jghOj some mouths before, had been infloced to pay a vidito Egypt by VOwmcTtiie -excitement prodaced to antiquarian ebdwfjinmdeBlti tbe celebrated Belzmii, This geutleraai was posting to London when his chaise brake down opposite the Red Indian, and he entered the hostelry while tbe vehicle was being; repaired. After par taking of a little refreshment, he took a walk in the garden, -and his eye caught the fragments of the gladiator, which had been shot in a corner while waiting the arrival of the marine store- dealerV cart. Having elicited the story of the statne from the host, the antiquary sub mitted the pieces to a most careful ex amination ; and despite the whitewash and coats of paint with which tbe figure had been adorned, he recognised it as a specimen of tbe work of the renowned flhmbnt tlwuk T . — 3 wuuibUV UliaCftBbUipWI JJOiplUD J «1|U 1U answer to the excited ioqairy of the astonished landlord, appraised its valne at six hundred pounds ! Having, at the host's argent request, given a written opinion of the matter, the virtuoso departed on his jonrney, and theD Mr. Slade hurried with his cer tificate to a Chnbleigh attorney, in whose hands he placed the matter, with instruc tions to leave no stone nntnrned to re cover the fill amount from the officers. Words conld scarcely express the chagrin of tbe pnrloioere of the gladiator, when the colonel of the 31st Light Dragoons read at mess the contents of the letter he received from tbe lacral Adnnv e\P flie landlord of the Red Indian. The com manding officer further significantly hinted that the implicated parties wonld have to uphold their reputation as offi cers and gentlemen by paying the amount demanded, or ran the risk of being cashiered. At first, the jokers were inclined to diBphte the claim, and invited the opinion of an expert ; bat that authority, when he had inspected the figure, corroborated the London man's decision, with a far ther assurance that the statne was cheap at the money. Cornet Macnamara, with reasonable show of justification, stoutly declined to pay a fartiung of the six hundred pounds. It was, however, with a very bad grace, indeed, that the snm was snbscribed by the interested parties and Bsrved as a valuable lesson to them to modify for the fhtnre their spirit of mischief. When Mike discovered the identify of bis tormentors, be sent a challenge to each, and an arrangement was come to by which a representative was selected by ballot to meet the Irishman. The old trick of lead leas pistols was resorted to ; the combatants fired three shots at each other withont any perceptible result, and then the seconds interfered, and de clared hononr satisfied. A Jew purchased the fragments of the gladiator from - the officers for a few guineas ; but the wily Israelite well knew that a genuine Lysippus is almost as valuable broken aa whole. He had the pieces skilfally rejoined, and disposed of the statae to a local virtuoso for a large snm, who in turn bequeathed it to the Chnbleigh Masentn. With part of the money the incky landlord of the Red Indian received for his gladiator, he invested in a wooden figure, which did duty for a sign equally well, and which he placed above the porch ont of the reach of predatory offi cers, and where, as has been mentioned, it still stands, battered, cracked, and moaldy. Shortly after the episode of the gladia tor, the 31st Light Dragoons were hnrriedly despatched to Lancashire, in order to qnell the bread riots which had broken out . in that county ; and the actors in tbe comedy just narrated were heard of no more by the good folks of Chubleigh. A little more remains to be told of the statae by Lysippus, We mast come down to 1851, the year in which the Great Exhibition was held in Hyde Park. A middle-ncrnd Frenchman IuiiImI at Chnbleigh from Havre on his way to London, and while taking a walk abont the town, entered the Red Indian. The landlord, who had profited so handsomely by his statne; had years before gone to his rest, and his son the ex- boatswain, then an aged man, reigned in his stead. The Frenchman was interested to learn ing that his host had taken a share to the old war, and after a time, he had narrated to him the whole history of the statae. ' Vat vas de name of de vessel yon took 1' he eageily asked . ' The Hercules, sir.' To the landloid's astonishment, Mon sieur leant back in his chair and indulged in a fit of uncontrollable laughter, and recovering himself, asked to be directed to the Mosenm. Having reached that establishment, he was not long to picking ont the Lysippus, of which the leaned in Chnbleigh were so proud. The Frenchman put on his glasses and ex amined tbe gladiator's toe-nail, and then gave vent to another guffaw, which speedily brought ronnd him the officials of the -establishment. He asked to see the secretary ; and when introduced to the presence of that functionary, ex- <i1itim« > TUrntr. inr Hat xyfadiitbtiir in no more a Lysippus dan'T am de Czar Nicholas of all "de Rusaias. My oncle, I who die ven'I vae a lee tie boy, keep vat you call a fonndree in Athens, and have costs, or repUcas yoo call dem, made of all de antiques. He den pat dem down a sewer nntil dey get a green magoifiqne ; dey look like de real article; and he make heaps of money by. selling dem as such in Paris. Your gladiateur is oneof dem!' . ' But, my dear sir,' asked the astound ed secretary, 'How are yon going to substantiate your statement F \- 'Conwwit me, ' said the Frenchman ; and the twain' proceeded to the statne. ' My. -onde,' resumed the Frenchman, ' deal to de antique, aa I have told you ; and to case he himself be cheated wit hie own spurious statues, he have a private marie. Here is die mark — a leetle holt- drilled under dis toe-nail ?' The secretary communicated the pur port of Monsieur's statement to the Museum directors ; experts were" called who substantiated the Frenchman's as sertion that the work was -spurious, and was uo more the production pfLysippu- than ao Italian moulder's plaster-cast of Tonus is the work of Phidias.- In dis- guet, the directors ordMed She siatne t<> be transferred to the tomber-room ol tfo establishment, and' fts description, Gladiator, fofydwrt& wnit jBif boedthed jbjy tiie appeereStromihe Muteamtafogue. 