The Storyteller. An Honourable Bushranger. BY J.F. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER II. I watched the retreating rider until a bend of the road hid him from view; then, remem bering the cob, I sauntered down to the creek hoping to find him there. It was as I thought; he was grazing quietly by the water-side, and but for the empty valise attached to his saddle just as I had left him when I flung myself from bis back in the forenoon. But what a difference that empty valise made! The cob submitted to being hobbled, and that done I I sat down beside him, and, bo far as my still oonfused brain would permit, went over in thought my late interview with, the unknown. "Would ho find Ikey? That went without saying. The American meant to auction the Dollarless Claim on the morrow, and was therefore not at all likely to shift his quarters before disposing of it. But, even granting that the bushranger received his money, what security hRd lof hiß good faith? Nothing but the word of a desperado. Could I depend on it ? However that might be, I dared not face the alternative. Never had the hours dragged so slowly. The moon rose from behind the gums, shedding a silvery light athwart the dreary expanse of 'plain, extending for miles north, south, east, and west; but still no sign of the returning horseman. Ten o'clock found me pacing rest lessly to and fro, straining every nerve to catch the sound I longed to hear—the hoof-beats of the bushranger's mare. Another half hour passed, and I had abandoned all hope, scorn fully telling myself I was a fool ever to believe in the honour of a thief. At this point in my gloomy reflections tho stillness was broken by tho sound of the distant gallop of ahorse, and I had scarce time to colleot my scattered wits before the bay mare cantered up. " Here wo are again!" oheorily sang out her master, springing to tho ground. "But," oyoing mo sharply, "you look like a ghost! Thought I had levanted, eh?" and he laughed good humouredly at my heightened colour. " "Woll, never mind;; I wasn't quite up to time, so, like Pat, you were just a trifle uneasy in your mind. But now, or ever I tell you anything, I must see you eat and drink." Saying this, ho thrust his hand in his coat pocket and drew from it a paper of sandwiches, together with a flask of brandy and water. I ate and drank with appetite. "You look a different man now," he said, when the last sandwich was eaten and the flask drained. 44 Thanks to you, I feel a different man!" I returned gratefully. " Quite up to discussing business ?" " Quite." 44 In that case we'll settle our little affair." He whistled, and the mare, trotting up to her master, rubbed her soft nosp lovingly against his sleeve. He patted the pretty creature's slender neck, emptied the contents of ono of her saddle-bags on the ground, and, turning to me, " Now, Mr. ?" 44 Durbridge," I prompted. "Well, Mr. Durbridge, I wish you to examine this pile, and satisfy yourself that your treasure is intact." " It is not necessary," I protested. 44 You will oblige me by doing so." Without further demrjffr I did as he desirod. " All right?" he queried, when I had finished • my examination. 44 As right as a trivet." 44 Then you'd better stow it into your swag; and, hurrying down to the creek, he unhobbled the cob and led him up. A few minutes sufficed to return my hoard to the valise ; then my companion swung himself into his saddle. "I guess it will take us all our time to sight Ballarat before sunrise," he re marked, gathering up the reins. "Ah! that cocktail has a deal to answer for," he con tinued, noting my surprise. "It made you miss the ' Geelong road, and landed you high and dry not a hundred yards from the track to the Golden City. You want to know why we're going there ? Well, the truth is I happen to know of a convoy starting for Mel bourne from Ballarat by daybreak to-morrow. There's a lot of tho yellow going down, and a dozen bobbies to guard it; so if you don't want to he stuck up a second time I should advise your tacking yourself on to tho blue coats." 44 But you are not going out of. your way to oblige me?" I inquired somewhat dubiously; for I scarcely relished the prospect of a mid night ride in his company. 44 That's my affair. Now if you'll put your legs across the cob well-he off." His voice and manner were alike honest, and heartily ashamed of my momentary distrust I mounted, and, turning our horses' heads to the westward, we soon struck into the Ballarat road, along whioh we pushed at a brisk pace. • Tho first half- dozen miles were covered in silence. We had lighted our pipes, and while mjr companion smoked and ruminated I be guiled the time by conjectures, more or less vague, concerning the past of this chevalier d'industrie. He rode like a dragoon, and there was a certain something in the carriage and mien of the man strongly suggestive of the English cavalry officer. To identify this hush ranger with a ci-devant army man seems ridiculous, nevertheless I felt pretty sure that at one time or other he had held her Majesty's commission. Meantime the subject of my speculations had done smoking. " We're about as lively as a couple of mutes," he remarked with a laugh, emptying out the tobacco ashes and picketing the pipe. • 441 was waiting for you to begin," I said, following his example. " But Binco you are sociably inclined I shouldn't mind hearing how Ikey behaved. Did he give you much trouble?" 44 Not much. He wa's caught napping, you see, and couldn't well help himself. I had a notion I'd find him in the Miners' Palace, and sure enough there he was in the bar-parlour with three pals. A lot of gold was on tho tablo, and Yankee Grab walTin full swing. The Yank had.a big pile of soys. before him, and ju6t as I opened the door says one of the ohaps to him, 4 How much are you good for to-night, Ikey?' 4 Forty thousand dollars—not a cent. less,' drawls our friend. 4 Glad to hear you're so flush of the ready,' says I, stepping up to the table. Ikey looked scared, but he brazened it out. 4 What the devil do you want?' says he. 41 squared accounts with you this after noon, blessed if I didn't!' 4 That cock won't fight!' says I. 4lt is this way, gentlemen,' and I turned to his pals; • I hold this man's IO U for the sum of £7000, lost by him to me at euchre a year ago in -—'s hotel, Ballarat. I never pressed him for the coin till yesterday, when he swore he hadn't a cent. Since then I have learnt that he lied; and now I mean to have both principal and interest.' The fellows looked at each other. 4He means business, Ikey,' says one. 4 You'd best fork out,' says another. 4 Darned if I do!' roared tho Yank, and he swept the gold before him iuto a box lying a£ his feet, and shut down the cover with a bang. After that I had no choice but to put my baok against the door and stick him up. The sight of your revolver did the business— for Ikev is deucedly white- livered—and as luck would nave it neither he nor any of his pals had a shooting-iron on them. 4 What will you take?' says he sulkily, when he saw he was cornered. * Seven thousand four hundred-r-not a farthing less,' says I. Seeing I wasn't to be trifled with, he sullenly set the box on the table, opened it, counted out the money in notes and gold, and pushing it towards me asked for a receipt. I handed him his I O IT, which was immediately torn up, dropped the coin into my bag, and, wishing the company good evening, passed into the bar, and called for a brandy. Pretty Polly, the landlord's daughter, was behind the counter, so while I drank the liquor she cut the sandwiches and filled my flask. She has a down on the Yank, that young person, nor does she make any secret of her pot aversion. However, I was impatient to be in tho saddlo ; therefore, as soon as the tucker and grog wero in my pocket I cleared out. I had left the mure at tho hotel door, and onco on Vixen's back I assuro you no grass grew under her feet." 44 Was Ikey entirely cleaned out?" I inquired, after congratulating him on his successful euitp de main. 44 Oh, I left him a couple of hundreds. But, Lord bless you, he'll be a rich man to-morrow. The Dollarless Hole, Pretty Polly told me, is expected to fetch a cool five thousand. And now about the cocktail. It was all Ikey's doing. Though I took advantage of it, I give you my word I had no hand in that scurry trick." I hastened to assuro him of my implicit belief in his innocence, and then asked with some curiosity how the American had contrived to warn him of my movements. . That is easily explained. Hearing from a man in Scarsdaleyesterday that our one-eyed friend was at the Eokowood diggings, I thought he might be worth looking up, so I rode down. You know the grog shanty on the plains two miles Boutli of N 's paddock; woll, I put up there,' aud sent a boy to tell the Yank I wanted a word with him. He came at once, swore he had had the devil's own luck, but said if I'd have patience he guessed he could put mo in the way of pocketing a larger sum than he was owing me. Ho was mighty mysterious over it; however, I agreed to wait till he tipped me the wink. And surd enough, after ho had seen you off, ho made the best of his way to tho shanty and told mo what he had done. The rascal expected the discharge of his little bill as the price of his valuable information. But I couldn't see it. Ho should havo his IOU as soon as I had touched your gold, not before, I informed him. It was rather late when I started on your tracks, but the trail ouce struck was easily followed up. Youjmow tho rest." 44 Yes, luckily for me I fell into the hands of an honourable man," I said warmly. The words appeared to sting him. " Honour* able!" he repeated harshly. "Aye, time was when I held up my head with the best," and he averted his face as though .overcomo with humiliating recollections. Why he should have made me his confidant has always puzzled mo. Possibly ho ydarned for sympathy and imagined he recognised in the impulsive lad at his sido one ready aud willing to offer it. Be that as it may, the bush ranger during our journey to the Golden City poured into my not unwilling ears, tho miser able story of his life. Ho had in his youth held a commission in a light dragoon regiment, and at that time was possessed of considerable, private means. But his sporting proclivities, carried as they wero to excess, speedily dissipated his patrimony, and his affairs became desperately involved. Then came a turf scandal, which obliged him to sell '< "out of the army. Contriviug to elude his creditors, ho carried the money he received for his commission to the States, where it was soon squandered. The next twelve years wero spent in wandering over tho American continent. Ho lived by his wits, and at times found them , but a sorry stock-in-trade. Sensational reports of the wealth of the Victorian goldfields had brought this social pariah to the colony ; but a few weeks mining sufficed to disgust him with the calling of a digger, and to send him back to his old manner of life. Bushranging had only been resorted to when both funds and credit wero exhausted, and he assured me he could count the numbor he had stuck up on the 'fingers of one hand. 44 Have you never thought of making a fresh start?" I asked.oommiseratingly, on the con clusion of his tale. 4 4 Occasionally J have. To-night, for instance, with gold enow and to spare, I feel half persuaded of the feasibility of a return to Eng land. There are two sisters in the old country, elderly womon they must be now, who, simple souls, when all the world was against him, retained their faith in and affection for their scapegrace brother. Them I have a great desire to see, and did I but think I could stand broadcloth and respectability I'd take my berth in the first homeward-bounder. However, I never make rash promises even to myself," ho added with a short laugh ; 44 and here we are at Ballarat." And checking the maro, this broken down gentleman pointed' with his whip to the great mining township of the west lying about a mile on our left, bathed in the rosy tints of trhe early morning. " Here our paths diverge,' r said he; " you will easily find your way to 's hstel, tlio rendezvous of the convoy, so I shall wish you good morning, and a jolly New Year." 44 But you have not told me your name," I exclaimed, suddenly remembering ho had not mentioned it. He looked me squarely in the face. Satisfied with what he read there, his eyes twinkled, and 44 Keep my memory green aa that of an honour able bushranger," he said. "-Now tako your shooting-iron and be off." 44 WUI you not keep it as a souvenir of last night?" I queried, putting back tho weapon he offered. Ho looked pleased. "I don't mind if I do," and, replacing the revolver in the breast-pocket of his coat, " Now, Mr. Dur bridge, you'd best look sharp if you wish to catch the convoy. Yes, yes, we'll take all that for granted." I was endeavouring to express my gratitude. " A pleasant Journey, and good bye." He held my hand for a moment, the next he was galloping over tho pltiin in an easterly direction, leaving mo to search out 's hotel alone. The convoy, was just setting out when I came up. But Inspector JM , who was in charge, very kindly granted mo permission to travel with it, and even delayed the start for twenty minutes to enable me to bait the cob and snatch a hurried breakfast. The journey to the capital was without .•id venture. We arrived in Melbourne at 1 2 o'clock on the pefond day of the New Year ; and as my father was always to be found in his oftke at that hour I rode straight to the bank. He was closeted with his creditor, ?o my arrival was well-timed. That gentleman's smallaccouiit was promptly paid, and the overplu- of my 44 pile," some £1800, lodged in the bank. Quito a budget of home letters awaited me-a* tin- villa. One from an uncle, a physician in a* lucrative West End practice, contained ar> ad vantii.Ti ous oli^r of partnership, whioh at'te? su littlo invitation I decided on accepting. Failing. he«l*'i had iv the meanwhile obliged my father to rosig-i his post ttt tho bank, and, his medical adviser counselling his immediate return home, he accompanied me to London. Our connec tion, with the colony was thereby abruptly severed, nnd, although I did my utmoßt betweon the dale of my return to Melbourne and that of ow embarkation to seek out tho man who had stuck me up, I coidd neither at that time nor later gain any information respecting him. His subsequent fato is therefore unknown to me ; but, as au agreeable exception to the many well-authenticated instances of violence and bad faith on the "part of the bushrangers of Australia,- it has given me great pleasure to record th? above inoident in the career of ono of the fraternity, thus making good tho much dis credited, proveffy that "even among thieves there is honour." 