''Les Cloches de Corneville.' w Tins well-known comic opera was performed on Monday night last in the School of Arts Hall for tho first time by a local amateur company will) a success that was most marked and surprising, tho result proving that under able guidance ; tho local musical talent of Bathurst can meet a very heavy strain and compass more than ordinary difficulties, The idea of producing tbis opera, using only local material, originated with Mr, A. W. Junckor, and tho success of the experiment, while it must have given him tho greatest satisfaction, has placed beyond dispute the fact that he is one of tho ablest musical conductors in the colony. It had been announced that the proceeds would he divided between the three local charities— the Hospital, tho Poor Belief Society, and tho Orphanage — and tho curtain roso to a very large audionco, who were led to conclude after hearing the first chorus that they had come to listen to and witness something exceptionajl; good. And, as we havo intimated, their conclusion was correct. The scenery and appointments were harmonious, tbo dresses were fitting and chaste, and the singing and acting wore, save in one short chorus, exceptionally good. Tho ' argument ' of the opera is thus set forth : — .'-The Comic dc Lueenay, attainted for political reasons, flics from Franco, leaving his infant daughter lucienne and considerable personal property in tho care of a retainer, Gaspard. This wily Norman, however, foreseeing that tho Comic may never return to claim liis own (which indeed happens), brings up the child as his niece, under tho name of Gcrma'mc, and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Comtc's treasure. Ho has chosen for his coffer3 the decaying rooms of the old Ohuteau of Corneville, long oinco deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like Me Zwcmnj, and an oxile from Franoo. Tho grandson of this Marquis de Corneville is, how ever, alive, and the interdict on the estates having beon removed by the King, the villago gossips believe that ono day the long expected hoir will return. Meanwhile tho Castle lms an evil notoriety. It is haunted ;' mailed spectres stride along its corridors, and gllostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. But iri'trutb, those are devices of the cunning Gaspard, to' frighten away all intending tenants of the old Chateau. At the opening of the Opera a knot of girls ara 'on thoir' way tri'the hiring. fair. Amongst' these is Scrpofette, a ' waif pioked up )'y Gasuar'dbn th'a bank of wild thvme in'one of his fields, and grown now into his servant of all. work. She lias thrown lip his protection, however, and seeks a better place Gcrmaine eventually joins the band, also flying from Gatpai'd't houso— but from a different motive. Tho'old Miser b'as ' promised her hand to the village Bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, lately come to his kingdom; with a strong desire to open the Chateau and audit the Barony accounts. Now Gerniaine has betrothed herself to a ne'er- do-weel of tho locality, a young fisherman named Grcniohcux, who, as she supposes, saved her from drowning.' But in fact her deliverer was1 really the long-lost heir— the young Henri (to Corn'evilfc, now Captain of ah armed shio. with a rovina commission. who, a year boforo, had put ashore at Honfleur to reyisit the' house of his fathers. At the oponirig of the Drama,' ho again returns— and this time bo resolves to tako possession of his anbostral castlo. Tho hiring fair, whore he engages servants— amongst others Ocrmaine, Scrpoletle, and Grenioheiix (now turned doaohman), concludes the first part of the story .''.??? ' ; ' ? ... .'.' The scene ohangos to the haunted halls of tho ObittfAU. The young lord, with his ofilcora and orewj torch and sword in hand, break into 'the deserted rooms— and lay their plan3 to surprise the adventurers, whom they supposo to be really the ghosts of the village tradition, Two discoveries, bearing directly on the fortunos of tho two hqroirioa', are here mado by tho Murqiiit, ? Firstly, lie finds that the. girl he renouod from tho Hon, is the Gcrmaine who has captivated him, but who believes herself bound in honour to Grcnicheiix,- Sooondly, ho discovers aortain dooumonU (left by old Gaapard) referring to tho flight of Comte do Lueenay and plaoing of bis infant daughter with .the Minor. Tho vivacious StrpoleUt immediately rUBhos to the eonolusion that she is llie npb|o child in ijuostion, and .thencoforth gives horsolf all the jmjiK.inary airs of hor rank, : Tho arrival of some ono is announced by the BOOutB— Grenicheus is put into a suit of mail to natch the intruder unseen— and tho Marquis and his crew retire to tho Armoury. The. old Misor appears— works his phantoms— lights the candelabra— wallows in bis gold — and then conies a swift and awful vengeance. The rusty bells toll— a ghostly ehaunt is heard— then a legion of mailed spectres— all the dead and buried Lords of Corneville appear— and ad-' vance on the appalled Miser, who sinks wandering and terror-stricken on his gold This startling tableau concludes the second part of the story. . ' The last Act is devoted to the unravelling of the mvBtciy attached to Germaine. This is done by patching together the hints dropped in his ravings, by old Gaspitrd—viho confirms them, on his return to sanity, and owns that Germaine is not his niece but Mdlle. de Lueenay. In the same moment, that young lady learns that she is free to give her hand where she loves, for that to Henri de Corneville, and not Grenic/icux, she owed her life. Across the serious interest of the denouement' conies the lighter texture of Serpolette't fortunes. No sooner does she assupe.the silks and satins of rank, than she is un deceived as to her real position, and has again to look far ward to sabots and cotton, and contents herself with Grenicheux. while over the betrothal of the MarquU and Gcrinaine, and the repentance oE old Gaspard come, this time gladly, the chimes of Les Cloches do Cornevilln.' The character of ' Surpolet'e' wa- tnkon by Miss Josephine Deakin, o£ Sydney, who was the only non resident among the ?]( pel former* sustaining parts. Hcr'aQting was very good, aiid her singing was cor rect and sweet, but her vo'ce was lmrdly strong enough to be heard with ndvnulngo in no largo a hall. As 'Germnine' Miss Amy Uoopor appeared to advantage, -and she iHed lier vuico wilh con-' siderablo effect in some o£, the more difficult nohgs, and one of the fluets with the 'Marquis' (Mr. 11. Kinna) ranking as the best effort of the rerforma-cc. Mr. Kinna inndd'up well as ' Henri de Corneville,' being in fairly good voicn; and performing his part — especially in the love passages— hs if to- the manner bom. ' Father O -spartj ' found a capital imper sonator in Mr. MncKenzie. who wns as strategic and tragical ns any misc on the st.-uie could lie ; «nil his singing wns in keeping with tho character he as sumed. Mr. C. V Nnylor, as llio ' Knilic,' marie quite a hit by his cxccJIcntactingandgnod singing ; hut liis clerk, ' Golm ' (Mr. Cf. Maughton) was rather too tunny to be' nice. Mr. Trivctt, ns ' Grenicheux,' the fisherman, sang with good taste and expression, but his acting lucked vigour. Misses Mockett, We lington, Heid, and Hartley did good service as confidential maids', and the same may be said of Masters Musgroi-e and Trcnnnr, tho cabin boy and negro. The village girls, all cj£ whom were nicely dressed, and who sang with spirit and gooil tnstc, were represented by Mrs. II. If. Oaken, .Misses Hall, Ashbury, HeCloue', Wellington, Rickavd, Ueid, Hen ten. Mockett, and ~ notion ; while the coachmcht peasants, -tc, were repro-onted by Messrs. Lysagh'lLitilojolin,Lan(i,\Vyncoll, Howard, Turrell, Evans. Iinyd, I'ringlo, Smith, 1'lummer, Lynch, Uickard, Carpenter, Cornwcll, Mongbcr,- Greville, Perry, Finney, Page, and Kdgley. Without tho choruses the opera would have boon inc mplete, and we cannot offer grenter praise to tho ladies and gentlemeu last mentioned than is convened in the statement that bettor united singing has never been heard in Bathurst, and has nit often been excelled anywhere in tho colony. A word of praise is also due to the orchestra, who led the singers most effectively, time and tune being perfect throughout, not one note of discord sounding from the instru ments during the performance. The following com ppsed;the orchestra :— Sir. W. P. Cox (conductor) and Mr. Smith, first violins ; Messrs. Robke and Dowse, second violins ; Mr. Dryden, viola ; Mr. Fuller, violincello ; Mr. Atkins, bass ; Mr. Williams, first clarionette ; Mr. Toovoy, second clarionettc j Mr. Woodgate, first flute; Mr. Bri'yley, second (lute ; Mr,. Johnson, piccolo ; Mr. Gartrell, first cornet j Mr. Millar, second cornet ; Mr. J . Naylor, trombone : Mr. Flynn, drum ; Mr. Manscll, bells. Mrs. Monro presided at the piano and Miss Newman at the organ. Between the first and second acts, Mr. J. Uuther. ford, President of the hospital, proposed a vote of thanks to the performers, specially mentioning Mr. Junckor. and tbe vote was carried by acclamation. Mr. Rutherford also referred to tho ladies who had exerted themselves in the disposal of tickets, and in other ways assisted. On Tuesday evening the performanea was re peated before one of the largest and most fashionable audiences ever soen in Bathurst, The ' circle ' was crowded to excess, a great number were unable to obtain seats and stood throughout the whole per formance, while many others, being unable to gain admission, obtained seats in the body of the Hall. The stalls were filled, as was also the pit. Tho performance was, if possiblo, better than on the previous night. There was an absence of ner vousnes which had bean perceptible on the first occasion, and the principal actors acauilted them. solvfis in a manner seldom, if ever, surpassed by amateurs. Mr. McKenzio, as Gaspard, fulfilled his part admirably. Miss Cooper (Germaine) again won golden opinions, not only for her acting, but tor her singing, and on more than one occasion was en cored, while Miss Deakin (Serpolette) was equally as attractive, and she too mws recalled. Mr. O. V. Naylor (The Bailie) with his shadow (Gobo) Mr. G. E. Haughton, fulfilled the tasks alloted to them satisfactorily, as did also the Marquis (Mr, B. Kenna), and Grenicheux (Mr. J. Trivett), and all others con cerned. The choruses wero sung in a most effective style and encores were frequently demanded. Mr. Junckcr as conductor added to his already high re putation. ' Before the curtain rose in the last act Mr. 0. V. Naylor appeared on the stage and referred to the performance which was to lake place on the third night, Wednesday. Ho expressed a hopo that there would bo a large audience, for Mr. Junjker, in whoso benefit it would be given, deserved great support. The work in which he had engaged was wearisome and trying. Ho had spent nights and days in bringing the Opera to so successful an issue and ho hoped they would recognise true musical ability. Judging by the applause with which they had been met, lie thought the largo audiences had appreciated the efforts of the performers, but tho result was duo entirely to Mr. Junoker's efforts. (Loud applause.) m r. j u.vcKEit, lor whom loud and rapoated calls were mado, thon stepped forward, and was gieetod with rapturons applause. He expressed his thanks to those who thus showed that thoy appreciated his services. JIo could .assure them that ho had hud somo hard work. Very many of thoso who had assisted him had never before taken part in an operatic performance, while others had nover wit nessed one. Much of this success was duo to Mrs. Monro, not only for iier services as accompnnyist, but also for her oilorts financially. Hearty thanks wore duo to that lady, and also to all others who had given thoirassistanco. Hedcsirodtospccially mention the orchestra. Ho had conductod many performances before, but never beforo hud ho had such an orchestra as tho present one, and ho could nover wish to have a better one. On behalf of tho charities for whose benefit' tKo opera was given, he would thank the members of the Bnthurst Amateur Operatic Company fbr their 'assistance, and with respect to the per formance oh the following evening, lie would leave that with tho audience. (Applause.) The proceedings then continued, and at its olnso the performers' wore gre'tod with loud applause, thus testifying the high appreciation of the 'efforts of the performers. , , . . 