The Baldwins at IHittugong Unquestionably the most sensational and I extraordinary, yofc withal in tores ting and amusing, - entertainment that has ovor taken place in the district was given at Mittagong on Thursday evening last by Pro fessor S. S. and Cllara Baldwin. There was' a fairly largo audience; but the high mer it-,r of the performance jtoserve^ a muqh larger one. The chieftfeaturos of the enter tainment woi'o the remarkable so-called spiritualistic manifestations & exposureE by the;Profossor ; the performance of extraor dinarily clover feats of legerderniain which ju-e executed with astonishing doxtority; and, most marvellous of all, the thought-.reacl ing performances by Mrs. Baldwin whilst in a state of clairvoyancy. The spiritual seances were amusing instances of the cabinet tricks of spiritualists. The cabinet is placed on tho stage in full view of the audience, and Mrs, Baldwin is seoured by a rope-round her neck and -fastened.by one of tho audienco -in such a manner as would infer release by herself to bo absolutely impossible. No ono but this lady remains in the cabinet, and she secured : yet hardly are the cabinet doors closed when .extraor dinary noises proceed from within, bells ring, trumpets aro blown, articles are thrown over the cabinet on to the plat form, spiritual heads and .faces aye shown to the audience; and what one would un hesitatingly pronounce to bp a veritable ghost, if met in a lonely . place on a dark night, appears on tho stage, and then re tires to the cabinet, and almost im mediately afterwards the doors are throwu open, and to tho' amazement of all Mrs. Baldwin is discovered in exactly tho same position as when fastened with the rope in an apparently secure manner. But while all this is perhaps capable of.explanation the thought reading feats wore unquestion ably astonishing evideuefs of a remarkable, power of montel. penetration. Questions written on paper by persons in tho audienco and placed in the pocket of tho writor were correctly read by Mrs. Baldwin, and an swers given. No one suspected the .slightest collusion betweon tho questioner and the clairvoyant, and the answers were in many instances most- startling. Wo .are sorry the limitod spaco at our disposal o'ompels us to curtail our'report, but. wo hope, should Profossor Baldwin visit Bowral, and we can assure him a large house-if he does, to do more justice to his clever abilities. But we must refer to one or tvyo of thequesdious asked (uid answers 'given. For instance-— Tho Parkes Ministry will last to tho death of Sir iionry i-'aruoa/wnicu wm uuvm wi ta in two'years.- The \ymner of the Sydnoy Gup will He between Trident, Volcano, and Nelson. A.- certain widower at Mifctagoug would marry a widow with live children on November 17 next. A young lady presont askod a question with regard to hervnamage when Mrs. Baldwin read the question " Shall I marry D. N-." No one iu the audience acknowledged having written it, and after repeated attempts, all in vain, on the part of the professor to get this done, Mrs. Baldwin clearly indicated the young lady who wrote the question, and when thus exposed it was difficult to say whether the young lady's blushes and consternation were greater than the sur prise ..find .s^itisfactioni,.ofctli8„'Mudie'jice. Ifowovor Mrs. Baldwin asaiiz-od ho.v slio would marry-" D. N." and that tlio marriage would provo.ft happy one. This part of tho onLortftiiimunt was in jtaolf well worth tlio mouoy churged for ndiniBaiou. 