. AN 'ORBIBLE TALE'. 1 Seeing thnt Parliament was moribund that the sensation snake had not oomo out I of his winter quarters, and that the Bunyip ! had got away to somo strange land, our thirst for Bensationnl items was unquenohcd ! lho threatened war, in Europe failed to appease it, andeven tho Now South "'alos political embroglio was but a drop in tile buckot. What weio wo to do? To conduct a staid quiet journal without eotiBatioiial Itcma mifiht bo pleasing enough to our views of reBt and blissful laziness, but sensation was wanted. Touching our eleotrio indica» tor we summoned the champion fabricator cf untruths who until lately had been asso ciated in the attempt to start an opposition journal, and ajked him i{ he was equal to I tumiahing a sensational number of the first ( water. It must be a good one, and have a smattering of truth about it. Wo quoted to him the axiom about " half a lie,and in. ! cheated in stem'tones that he need not expect t« come back. unless he had some. '£ !"? ¥1. on 1jfsnd- with a wave of the hand that would have done credit to the most obaervanfc military student he dis appeared. Wo anxiously awaited his return, but time wenb on. A visit to his last known place of residence revealed the ominous fsct that he had gone prepared for a length? 3ourney, and was loaded with lupgaRo. of1 Which a ham sandwich and a bottle of whiskey formed, the prinoipal item. Our conscience smote us ' The unfortunate man;" we argued 'despairs of getting a sensation about here, and has gone to fresh fields if not nsw ttalkT. , Ho ,m;sht 3ie- on the. wallaby if toefote reaching Moama,' find it would be on our cou3oienctj» that w© hnfl Sttcriflced a human being" The thoughtwastoo terrible, so we adjourned to Spearing's to discuss his best, and the probable tato of our missing Champion Sensatisn Monger. But we were precipitate The silver moon that fickle goddess of the heavens was casting her glittering beams on the rippling waters of the Murray j all Ecliuca was bathed in balmy sleep or trying to be ! the mosquitoes were holdmg tueir annual concert—a monster affair with 10,000 voicss, and only the plain wearying tap top of our machinist could be heard as lie gave tho faces of the forms an extra plaining down before starting, when a Wild specimen of humanity, to all intents and purposes unrocoenisablo. with unkempt hair and grimy hands, in which fluttered straggling slips of paper with fryaed edge*, rushed into the editors sanctum in continently sending the ' printers' devil who was in unauthorised possesion thereof, through the nearest doorway. That gontle youth, who had been religiously trained by his parents, but had ussumed manhood privileges early in life, adjourned to the printing room, and informed his fellows that a blanked specimen of an escaped lunatiohad got in among the litorary paraphernalia, and might eat up' .all tho material • that the scissors and paste man had been storing up for future publications.- As this meant probable torment in setting an unlimited quantity of crabbed spiderlogs, with'which tlisir boss occasionally treated them to in his manuscrip, some of the 1 'comps" who wore present formed a posse comitatus, with the object of theoretically and practically illus trating t° tho unknown that fame was Obtainable in the outtide world, and ho had better seek it. Tho interview was short and expressive. " Ho, avaunt ye knaves," quoth the unknown, "I am the Tier aid. sensation man, and I've got a rattler for to morrow. Stop ye giant press. No paper goes forth without, this fearful episode, •summon ye editor, and ye readers, and ye compositors ; the public will be amazed." ihis was startling ubws. " There was horryine, too, in hot haste." The editor was sent for ; frames lit up and-cases of L.P., with the largest caps to be got, wore given un extra shaking. The editor, with a due amount of delay befitting his- August niien, and importance strolled loisurely inns tho aensUton man threw off his twenty-fifth slip: of foolscap. Ail editor is nothing if not brief, and ho measures his conversa °!l . ^ordingly. Seating himself with studied grace, borne of long practice, ho cast his eagle oyn over the manuscript and commenced to review." -1 iko most editors an editors pifty is much mixed with wurldl; ness. and wecannot say that our editor's temper is angelic or sweet. But his conduct when he got down half a dozen slips was awful Bringing his spare but muscular hand down upon the oaken - table with a fores that has decreased its value in tho sight of -furniture dealers, ho inquired of the startled •' Cham pion Sensation Monger" "was that the teetotal straived rot he'd been dragged out of bed to roview and did ho oxpect any ln"K-e!irud ass to take in that garbled whisky tainted rubbish. He might fool new chum editors and drivelling verdant liows paper proprietors who ought to bo in their ong clothes, but he'd bo swopped if ho was going to father that transparent trash for the legitimate sensation ; notho, by thunder J" The .mummified -sensation monger, who seemed mesmerised intoa grotesque edit:# iof thei Sleeping.Beauty, gradually came to life under tho acathing Icok of the indignant chief, and like D'Arcy Head's ghost faded through tho doorway; Tho posse comitatus. who had viewed this interesting scene through various, chinks and convenient crannies, sjghed to think they had no sensation" to sot, or u fat" to live upon with the bold headings; am* Ihe machinist, with * alow and steady steps," once more resumed what appeared to him now a very common place calling. We undertook to stand the champion's ex's, bub will nob do so any m«re. The foarful bills we have received make us wonder how he ever reaohed the ianctum to make any report. Whisky is the burden of them all, except one, which wo i judge was the last. This was varied by sundry sodas. This accounted for his return. As wo' want to show something for our money we .took up his report. Ib was headed— Ji. TEATll?VL ZKAP. ONE AGAINST FIVE. THE BROOKLYN BRIDGE LIJaP OUTDONE. MEN MADE WEAPONS OF.. A • diabolical attempt was made on the Muriay Bridge last night to rob an innocent and quiot homeloving farmer who was re suming ^from market (somewhere), with a fortune in hia right kand trousers pocket. I When about tho middle of the bridge he was i set upon by five immense ginnls of men. I J. , arms wore each seized by a rumun, and tho fifth gave him the Thugs hug round tho nock. .Notwithstanding- * these fearful odds the victim of the cowardly out V*?.. i0 *8 h,n)8etf ^ vory musculo in dividual, whirled each of ihe cowardly ruffians who hod him by the arm in tho n'r tii "!!'?£ m ns weaP'->n« of dofonco, battored ttm othor ruffians who had him by tho lege. Ho wns thus enabled to tnrn hia attontion to the ono who had tho Thug grip on his throat, and being used to wreatHu<* he threw this foul ruffian ol'an over hi? head, the miscreant turning three somer saults in tho air . and olearing one of the arohoe whidli span tho bridge be fore he came down-a senseless objeot from the (hock—-upon thoroadwoy. Seeing that two of tho ruuiunB who had boon thrown down were preparing for a fresh assault, and that the nnn win/ had cleared the arch was rocover* mg from his flight, the intended victim with one_ of his. fur-famed leaps, sprang up sixteen foBt on to the parapet to where he judged it was exactly above mid stream, and solenting ihe lower Bide took a splendid header into the river, a distance of sixty feot belo»>. As showing tho excit mciit he was uiidor the victim came •up _ in. front of Mr. Ohadwick's miils, hiving notually gone up 50 yards against tho Btream. He reaohed bIioio witli and sat down on ono of Chad wicks logs to think it calmly over He camo to the conclusion it would bo as well to think out the description whioh ho could give _ to tho police after his holiday, Tho desorip . ThuB it onded. Our oditor,we clunk, erorcieoci a wise discretion in keeping i it baok, is ho did'nt think tilery wore ' enough " long-oarod asaoa" in Eohuoa to eiTo itcrodonco. It Beams there are though, and so [ wb publish it as ■ a canard. 