®alts f (Btc, OLD AND NEW; or, TASTE v. FASHION. CHAPTER XIX.—{Continued) BY Mna. J. SADLIEB. I THE agitated father then hurried away to |]l Eliza of what bad happened, and consult Kth be r and her husband an to what was Lt to be done. Samuel shook bis head and ioked prave, but Eliza was quite elated. 'T«o Southern planters ! well! that was L>etbing—not all as one !' and she looked fc meaningly at her husband that he oouldn't IOOBB but take the hint, which he did with fefflila peculiar to himself, II Well, pa!' went on Eliza, ' what are we ping to do?' < Whatever you think of doinsr, yon may j yourself,' Baid Tom, * for I wash my Uds of the whole business—I had nothing Z do with it first, and you may take my ford for it I'll have nothing to do with it tfti> ' Why, pa, that will never do ! You know hey may be here to-morrow morning— in iot any hour—of course they'll all stay at 0 for some time at least, till they can get ouses to unit them?' | This was spoken rather in a tone of Inquiry, but Tom answered very quickly: |Of course they will not stay at 66—no, not lor one night! I suppose my two damsels, ind your mother to boot, counted on that, lilt if they did, they'll find themselves under I mistake—ha ! ha ! ha! I'll let them see [bat I can be master of my own house— khen I take the notion. You can ask them lew if you like,' he added, with a comical look at Samuel, who seemed to enjoy Eliza's [rouble, though he did not care to say no. f 'Nonsense, pa ! how could I csk tbemf' laid Eliza, tartly. 'Why, we've only one •pare room in the house.' 'Very well, then, let them go to a hotel.' nd that was Tom's last word, as he left [the hanse followed by Samuel. That night about eleven o'clock there was iloud and long-continued ringing at Tom Mlagher's door-bell. For some time it jreoeived no response, but at last Ally Brady hat her head out of an upper window and jaaked ' Whose there ?' 'It's me, Ally,' said the well-known voice 1 Mrs. Gallagher; ' be quick and open the door—whv, I thought you were all dead.' 'I can't open the door, ma'am ; the aster told me not on any account to do it.' 1 Come down this instant!' oried the excited MM. Gallagher ; ' do you mean to eaj I'm not to get into my own honse ?' 'Don't blame me, ma'am,' expostnlated Ally; ' you know I'd go on my head to let you in, but the master told me I mustn't do it—he said the door waB not to be opened this night.' Mrs. Gallagher was speechless with anger. Fanny laughed bitterly, but said nothing, Annie and Janie began to cry, but the two brides, partly guessing how matters stood, Mggested to their mother that it was better to go at once to a hotel—a proposal which was warmly seconded by their respective lords and masters. _' Go to an hotel!' repeated Mrs. Gallagher, with a toss of her head and a stamp of her foot. ' I'll do no suoh thing! I mast and will get in. Do you think I'm going to be tnrned away from my own door like a beggar ?' Tor God's sake go quietly, ma'am!' said Ally, from above; ' you may as well do it soon as sudden !' The window was suddenly closed, evidently sot by Ally Brady, and Mrs. Gallagher saw at once that no alternative remained. To an hotel the whole party went—trunks, bandboxes, packing-cases and all. Fanny laughed louder than politeness warranted, the 8outhern planters declared it a very strange prooeeding, and their wives apologised by saying that pa was very qneer at times, and did not like to be disturbed in his night's rest. CHAPTER XX. LIGHT ON THE PIOTUEE. 'BEBTHA, my dear!' said Madam Von Wiegel on the morning after the eelaireisse- '1' what are you going to do about Lady ' As how, mother ?' and Bertha started at the name. 'Why, in regard to calling on her. Of coarse, etiquette requires that you should, and yet ' Tonr yet 'anticipates my- objections, Bother,' said Bertha; ' I know It is my duty to oall on her ladyship in consideration of our fohner acquaintance, and besides I have teally no sufficient cause for cutting the connexion—at least nothing tangible—still I own I cannot bring myself with any sort of good grace to associate with her on equal It may be that she forgets all about ffly being in New York—if, indeed, she ever heard of it—and ii may also be,' she added after, a moment's pause, 'that the renewal of our acquaintance would be anything but agreeable to her. In any oase I will wait a day or two longer.' Her mother 'smiled. 'The Ides are come, oertha! ''and you would not see this jormidable personage till they are gone J ly KwHseu angiib r . In- part yon have, my dear mother, but ™ reason I have already assigned is the qampal one that deters me from doing Wis wse jvJ»a(; common oourtesy would lwre. ' I' presume Major Montague and Captain Bellew have been to pay their devoirs yesterday evening.' ' It is quite probable,' said Madam Von Wifcgel Ihjughtfully ; then, as if to change Hie subject, she suddenlv added, 'Poor Robert Murray! to-day be leaves again 1 1 am almost sorry he came when his stay is iif cedsarily so short. Of course, he will come to bid ns gocd-bye.* ' I should think he would,' said Bertha with a faint smile, and then the subject dropped. " The hours of that day dragged heavily along. Mr. Murray called in the forenoon, and said that Robert would call on his way to the cars. 'I believe he almost shrink* from ooming at all,' said the old man with a serious and anxious look very different from the vivacious cheerfulness of his wonted manner. ' Bertha!' said he, as if by a sudden impulse,' is there no hope for Robert P Must we all give up, ODce and for ever, the hopes we bad so cherished? Madam Von Wiegel, can you. do nothing in the way of bringing Bertba baok to reason ?' Back, Mr. Murray ?' repeated Bertha with emphasis. ' Well, I didn't exactly mean that, you know, but—but—in short, I scarce knew what I meant—and, by my word, Bertha Von Wiegel, I don't know what you mean by your precent course. You'll never pet one that loves you better than Robert, and I think be is about as presentable as most men— though, to be sure, he is not a—afiem!—a Spanish Don!' ' My dear sir,' said Madam Von Wiegel, ' you do aot see, but I see and know, tbat you are giving pain to my daughter by pursuing this subject. " May I beg that you will spare her a little more,' Bhe added, smiling, 'than you seem inclined to do ?' ' Certainly, madam, certainly,' said the old gentleman, bis good humour being proof against almost every dart; ' but I'd like to know who spares my poor boy—eh, Bertba? Well! well! shake hands, at all events 1— l«t us be friends all round, if nothing more ! I forgot to say that Atioe sends her love—she would have been with me were it not for a bad headache she hsB got! Poor thing! she is more troubled about Robert than she oares to own, even to me.' Madam Von Wiegel sighed and locked at her daughter, but said nothing. A hasty and silent shako-hands and Mr. Murray hurried away. Bertha looked forward with no very pleasurable feelings to Robert's farewell visit, and her mother delicately forbore any allusion to the subject, feeling, probably, that her interference could do no good to any of those concerned. When Robert did make bis appearance be looked pale and haggard beyond Bertha's power to imagine. She was much distressed, and inwardly breathed a prayer for the boble-hearted young fellow whose love was so nnhappily misplaced. He startled her, however, by asking, almost the first word, whether Major Montague and Captain Bellew had been there to-day. Madam Von Wiegel replied hastily in the negative. ' They called at our honse this forenoon,' said Robert, ' immediately after my father returned from here. They have but two days longer to remain in New York.' He fixed his eyes on Bertha as be spoke, and a crimson finsh overspread his face as he marked the agitation which she vainly sought to control. He started to his feet. ' Bertba,' said he, ' I asked you once to become my wife—yon refused me—and I made up my mind that I would never again breathe a word to you on the subject. I confess I have been tempted during this brief visit to break through my resolution— but I see—I feci that the resnlt Would be the same. Bertha ! I see farther into your heart than yon may suppose—I see there is not a corner in it for me, and I resign myself to the stern law of necessity. But I tell you again, as I told yoa once before, that a day may oome when you will think of poor Robert Murray as one whose love was not lightly to be thrown away. In any oase, you see me no more in the character of a suitor—all that is past—and I tell you frankly I will do what I can to efface your image from my heart—ay ! though with it go the dreams of dreamy boyhood, and The light that ne'er can shine again On life's dull stream. Farewell! may you be happy 1' He' raised her band a moment to his lips, gazed with softened eyes on the pale, lovely faoe now drooping and bedewed with tears, then dropped the fair hand, and bowed his head a moment while Madam Von Wiegel blessed him as she would a dear son, and shaking her hand warmly hnrried from the bouse, never once turning his head till be reaohed the avenue gate. Then they who watohed bim from the windows oould Bee tbat he did turn and take a long last gaze at the scene of so many happy hoars—the oentre of many a brilliant dream. Bertha was sad, very sad to think that Robert Mnrrry sbonld leave tbem in such a desponding frame of mind—she would have advised him as a sister to submit, as a Christian should, to the manifest decree of Providenoe, and not to allow his feelings and affections to overcome his reason, but somehow the words had died away on her lips, and her tongne refused to utter them. Bnt her own heart was weary, and she dared not analyse the various emotions that kept it in perpetual nnrest all those long summer honrs. Thoughts many-hued and changeful BB an April sky flitted across her. mind, and anxious fears would make themselves felt, whilst hope had all but vanished from her darkened mind and doubt-ohilled heart. Her mother watched her with tender anxiety as she flitted like a spirit through the silent apartments in the oool, dim light that foond its way through the green Venetian blinds. And Bertha wonld smile . so sweetly, to SBdly when their eyes met, that it made her mother's heart ache. So pasB'd the flay, the evening fell, "Twas near the <ime of curfew bellthat is to say, the time when in olden years The curfew toll'd the knell of parting day. This, gentle reader, was eight o'clock in the evening, whioh hour in the lengthening davs of early summer is jusr, the close of day. The dfty badbeen warm and sultry, but dewy freshness oaine on the twilight's wings and a'soft breeze was playing through the graceful branches of the linden and the laroh that shaded the front of Rheinfeldt House, shaking perfume from the dewy blossoms of the lilac and laburnum and many another pale, sweet flower, the latest-born of spring. Bertha went to her harp, and, ae her nagers wandered listlessly through the strings, many a loDg-forgotten strain came tibgling from the silver chords, like the ghosts of Juried years thronging around us in the hush of night. Madame Von Wiegel arose, softly and opened the curtains, for tbe moon was just rising in " silver majesty," and she knew its Boft radiance had power to soothe her daughter's spirit even in its darkest mood. Bertha looked round and smiled, and then went on with the air she had beei playing. No lovelier ever stirred the- charmed air of evening, and, as the notes sank into her. own heart, she Bang in a low, soft voice, softer and sweeter than tbe musio of tbe accompani- ment, the words whose meaning tbey so truthfully express. The song may not be BO familiar as it ought to many of our readers, so we give it for their benefit: As a beam o'er the face of the waters may glow, - 'While the tide runs in darkness and coldness below. Bo the cheek may be tinged with a warm, sunny smile, Tho' the oold heart to ruin runs darkly the while. One fatal remembrance, one sorrow that throws ItB bleak shade alike o'er our joys and our woes. To which life nothing darker or brighter can bring. For which joy has no balm, and affliction no sting Oh ! this thought in the midst of enjoyment will stay Like a dead, leafless branch in the summer's bright ray; The beams of the warm sun play round it in vain, It may smile in his light, but it blooms not again.* Her voice died gradually away, resting mournfully on the IaBt words. All at once' she heard the door open softly, then close* but, thinking it was her mother, she sat still, with the words and the musio echoing through her heart. A shadow crossed the moonlight on the floor, and, Bertha looking np surprised, there stood Edgar Montague, his arms folded on his chest,' and so deep a shade of sadness on his fine features that he looked almost aB he did when Bertha saw him for the first time, and, forgetting fdr the moment the tronbled years that had passed giaoe then, she started to her feet and exclaimed somewhat wildly: 'Edgar—Major Montagnel how is thisP I did not expeot to see you now.' ' In that case I owe you an apology,' said Montague dejectedly. ' But are you—are you alone ?' she asked, glanoing round. Strange! in the spacious drawing-Toom there were but themselves. ' Where is Captain Bellew f—and my mother was here but now ?' Montague smiled as he answered: ' If so, she has vanished and Gerald with her.' 'Gerald!' said Bertha softly as if to herself,' the name sounds familiar—it recalls days long past.' ' And it in to recall those days to yonr mind, Miss Von Wiegel, that I am here now,' said the musical voice at her side. She started— it was the tone she had so often heard in dreams—never before even from him. She was composing her thoughts, however, to answercolleotedly, when Montague, throwing open the glass door that led to a verandah overlooking the garden, pointed to the lovely scene withont, and said: ' Onoe more, Miss Von Wiegel, before we part, perhaps for ever, I would Btand by your side for a few brief moments, a9 of old, and, with heaven's bine vault above as, and its myriad stars, and yon silver moon, and the stillness of the night around, call np memories of tbe paBt, and question the mysterious future. -Will yon brant me this one favour ?' He took Bertha's hand, and drew her, half anconBoioosly to herself, to the moonlit verandah, partially shaded by the overhanging branches of a spreading maple. ' Major Montagae 1' said Bertba, when the sense of her position impressed itself on her mind—'Major Montagae,' and she'drew herself np, ' I confess I do not' understand—' " * How I have taken suoh a liberty—asked suoh a favour,' put in Montague. * Will y'oti pardon me if I say that that is because yon never understood myself. There was a time when I thought yoa did, bat-that is long past. Both were silent a moment, tben Montague added: 'Do yon rpmembet, Bertha I I mean Miss Von Wiegel 1 when we stood on just saoh a night as this beneath the sepulchral yew in Muoruss Abbey—the others were trying to deoipher the Latin inscriptions on tbe tombs of the old monks.* 'How well you remember!' said Betrtha with a faint smile.' ' Remember; 1 why should I not f" he askedwith emphasis. ' Bat I was speaking of the conversation that passed between us two that' night on Innisfalien. I tol$, yon then that the star of , my deBtiny was straggling through clouds like one that I pointed out over tbe lofty brow ofMarigerton.* 'Clouds, indeed/ murmured Bertha, halfabstracUdly, fixing her eyes on 4 the pale planet that waBsaifingaorosi'the drtp bine siqr in loud/majesty. 1 * Moore's " IrishJUelodies." MontsgDe looked at her for a momm with that strangely sweet smile peculiar to himself, then rtsumed : You do not seem much interested in what I aw saying, Miss Von 'Wiegel," he said, rather coldly ; ' have I your permission to goon?' Bertha bowed assent, and he oontinned: ' I told yon tbe clouds were'darkening ronnd me, and thftt "there were times when I'aimtwt 'despaired of extricating myself. You told me in a voice I oan never forget, and with * Look that expressed more'than the'words, that there was One Who oould and'^ronld, if I only trusted iu Him, have turned my heart from the evil Way'. I was ntterly confounded by the significant tone in which you spoke those words, and, as soon as'I recovered; the nee of my faculties, I was about to 'fcsk for an explanation, when one whom yon cannot have forgotten came and drew yon away to look at something in another part of .the ^uios. Do y'ou remember all that!" he Added, in a softer tone. ' ' ' 'Remember? yes, indeed I do!' said Bertha, so' faintly that Montague, gently taking her hand,' placed her on a' rustio seat that WBB near, and remained standing by her side. . •••( 1 ' Did it ever strike yoa, Miss Von Wiegel,' he resumed, after a momentary pause, ' that bur conversations were frequently, interrupted in a similar way, and by the same person?' ! ' Major Montagae!' oried Bertha, starting to her feet, as if impelled by 'some new and overpowering impulse—' Major Montagnd ! let tno ask, onoe for all, what is the objeot of these allusions to' the paBt ? Is it to gather information from me tonching persons with whom we were tben oonnected ? If so, I warn you, I know-nothing about those persons more than you do—perhaps not half so mnch !' ' ' My dear Miss Von Wiegel!' said Montague, with unwonted eagerness, 'you seem to forget that I am leaving New York on the day after to- morrow,'and'thftt now, if ever, : I mnst reinstate myself in your good opinion—I say reinstate, tor I flatter myself I once stood higher in your estimation than I have done of late.' Oh! tbe wild throbbing of Bertha's heart at that moment, but, exerting all her selfcontrol, she forced herself to say, with perfeot oomposure: f ' Admitting it to be so—what then ?' 'Bertha !' 'The young lAdy drew baok a step, and Montague, oorreetifag hirnSelf, went on: " Miss Von Wi&gal;! permit me to ask y'ou one : question, and, in the "presence 6f God-, I demand a direot answer. Were you not told something very-'mnoh to my disadvantage that night at the Druid's Chair? Answerme, Ioharge you! as yoa and I shall one day answer to God for our thonghts, words, and Actions!' ' ' Adjured so solemnly, I may not refuse,' said Bertha, with a pallid ' cheek and ' a quivering lip; " I was told saoh thiktgs then and there as I never'efx^ected to'have lieaSd 1 —ofyori.' • ' ' I knew it,' he said, with * oold, bitter smile. ' I knew the serpent-hissed poison in yonr ear that night, and gave a death-blow, as she meant, to my hopes of happiness.' A flush of joy passed over Bertha's faoe, but Montague s^w it not, he was BO rapt in his own tronbled thoughts. At length he turned to Be'rtha, and said, almost sternly: • Pray, Miss Von "Wiegel! what was the nature of her ladyship's' Communioatibn respecting meP* f Major Montague '•' said Bertha, drawing henelf op proudly,' I am not aware that you have any right to demand -suoh information from me '• ' Demand ? assuredly not!' and Montagae smiled as he oaught the flBBhing glanoe that spoke a spirit lofty as his o#n. ' I do bnt ask it as a favour—as a speoial favour and his voice grew soft as tbe zephyr's sigh that was breathing amongBt the foliage. ' But is it right for me to tell yoa P' Bertha asked, in a hesitating manner. ''Bight! why should it noC be right? Does taot justice require that the orimioal hear the oharge on -tthioh life or death depends?* ' (To be continued.) 