"talk o' the town. Etch Sly SUngrailo, with Its polstiitatt I'll!, Flics to the i'rinlor's Dovll. — IIuaaci Smith. Parliament is in full swing. Tho Proiuior Has his hands full. Ho spent a good dual of time duringtho oloctionB abusing incortaiu ulectoratos enndidntus who woro personally and politically opposed to him. A largo nuinbor of those mun have como back to tho House, and tho conse quence is ho isnow onjoying tho sumo oxporionco ho caused thorn to fool. Melville, O'Sullivati, Harbour, Travors Jonos, Colls, and others, night uftor night start up boforo him to vox his conscience, liku thuso ghosts of extinguished frioiids who visited tho tout of Richard on tho ovo of Buswurth. Ami ho far t hose angry ghosts ' Imvo had all tho bunt of it. Thoy have baited tho honorable gentleman very savagely, but, considering huw lie endeavoured to disparago thorn boforo tho free and independents, it can not bo said lYty h ivo gl/ou lum more tlinu ho desorvos. 1 1 iw f.inds and foes alike agree that in tho camp vigu ho wont boyond tho record, mid had resort to tactics, which woro unbe coming not only in a Premier, but a leading public man. So that whon the blows fall heaviest, he has little sympathy. By thu way, a very strange ductriuo was pro pounded by tho Premier and .Minister for Lands on Friday night. The member for Monaro hud directed attention to tho past relations between tho two and Mr. Salomons. Ho reproduced that paisago in tho MilburnCreok report, referring to the Minister for LatidB, and read extracts from Gir Henry Parkos speech, moving the expulsion of Mr. Garrett, one of which was, — "If you expungo this passago from thu Commissioner's report, you condone public curruption, ami, condoning public corruption, you disgrace the Parliament, you disgrace mo, and you disgrace cho outiro country ; and I say that thu proof of the statement omboJiuJ in that p.mago is so strong and so irresistible, that expel Mr. (turret, and for over, from tho public life of this country, you must, if yuu vote according to your convictions." When the House refused to oxpul Mr. Garrett, tho Premier came down to tho House, and said their Parliamentary history had been marked with an induliblo stain by thu vote, and said, "The result, wh it is it / Why that the wholo press of the country is ringing with condemnation — that the leading pipers of tho groat city of Melbourne are ringing with condemnation of this house." 'Sir Henry Parked, in reply to Mr. O'Maru, said in effect that, Mr. Garrett and he having agreed to let bygones he bygones, it was nothing to anybody else. it was their own privntu concern, lie further said that ho took the course ho had, in reference to Sir. Garrott, thinking it to ho his duty, hut closor inquiry sincu into English precedent had convinced him he was wrong One would iinagino from tho Premier's Hpccch that he had never hoard of a Berimes or a Urauslield, — that this wretchod MUburn Creek affair was tho only attempt lie ovor made iu Parliament to upset Mr. Garrett's applecart— to ruin him uoc only us a public man, hut to dam a his private character, in the ovidunce given last week at the Orange Court of Quartor Seasons, iu a personation case, tho Returning Officer stated that nt the rccont election, a gentleman who had been (load a year or so had como back ' for that occasion only ' and voted nt ono of the booths. This shows how oxciting was the recent doctoral issue,— so exciting indeed, that it penetrated to thu shadow world. No doubt, evening after ovouiug, ou tho banks of thu Styx, thoro woro heated dis cussions ou tho relative merits of Free Trade and Protection. The return of the defunct oluctor to tho Orango polling booth, also solves another littlo conundrum, which troubled mo greatly. It explains satisfactorily why tho feuco of the Dubbo Comotory was so largely placarded with invitations to voto for this or that candidate. Happy Now South Walos. Fancy, wn liavo nil those years boon ontortaining angola un- awnros, or, if not angels, at all events dis tinguished members of that British aristocracy which is oven superior to angels,' ovorybody must admit, who lias lately road tho pnpors with ordinary care. 1 seo from tho Herald that wo have amongst us tho " groat grand neico ot tho luto Liuutonant-Genoral Sir James Robort Honry Inuos Korr, Duko of Roxburgh, Karl Inuos. English Peerage, and Marquis of Beaumont ana Cessford." Who caros, after this, nbout financial deficits, land acts, unomployod, or any other paltry troubles. At one time thu Outdo Books used to describe Wellington "us a town on tho road to Dubbo." But sinco tho Now Koa'and earthquakes, things liavo changed considerably. Dubbo is now only a suburb of Wellington. At least that is wimt. 1 learn from a rccont uunouncoimmt by His Honor tho Chief Oommissianor of tho Insolvent Court. 11a describes a gentleman who lias " tiled his shovel" as " of Dubbo, uoar Wellington," Tho quickest conversion iu tho world,— coming of cour&o;, aftor that conversion from Judaism to Christianity of tho drowning Jew, — is rocordud in tho Parliamentary debates of last week. Mr. Schey, ono of tho mombers for Uodforn, had boon a Protectionist all his life, but, according to Mr. Abigail, " five minutes argumont convincod him straight away" of tho superiority of Froo Irndo. Abigail himself was tnoro canny nnd stifl'-nookod. It took £1500 a yoar tn convert hiiu. Tho Oommittoo of tho Dubbo Pastoral and Agricultural Association has postponod tho Show. It was originally intended to hold it on tho 28th an 1 20th of April As the Wurron Races, tho Molong Show, tho Orango Show, and the Rligh Amateur Raoos, woro to be hold on or about that timo, it was thought odvisablo, at a meotiug hold ou Tuosday last, - to fix the 10th and lifeh May for our Exhibition. Few will doubt tho wisdom of this stop, which must makoi the Slow n much greater suc-jj thai )/n promised originally. I have just recoivod tho first 803rional issuo of ' Hansard.' It coutain e una vr.ry spicy re i-Ung of general interest bosido3 a good doal of inittor spnoially interesting to tbo electors Jof tho Began. Tho Wellington ongino sheds narrowly 03c ipod being dustroyod by firo on Thursday night. 1'ho local paper says, " Tho origin of the lire is, to uso a fainilinr exprossion, enshrouded in mystory," and then libels the Cooyal glioit by suggosting that tho imp.ilbablo stono throwor lms boon about. By tho way, w.im't it on Thursday night that a largo detachment of Dubbo men passed through Wellington bound for tho Oruugo Rucos. A tomporauco Jocturer inmvl Grab w.u recently making lifo onjoyablo to thu<(novor- touch-its " of Dubbo by giving them a course of lectures, At ono of his disooursos, he rem irked, " I leave horo to- morrow, my friends for Coonamblo." "You'll novor got thoro ; why you'll bo drownod," romarkod a still small voico in tho audionoo. " No four," rotortod tho lecturor, " Don't you know, iny frinud, that Crabs live iu water," Up thoro, Nymague way, thoy moan to makoastir. An Anti-Chinoso loaguolins boon formed in tho town. Us modost objects nro : — " 1, To got moss petitions from ovory placo of importanco, far and uoar, through tho aid of tho various branches uf tho loaguo. 2. To appoiut dologatos from oaoh league, who shall moot nnd discuss tho bust moans of dealing with tho Chiueso question, which is now becoming very serious, in consoquoneo of white mon having to compote with cheap Chinese labor. 3. To appoint a deputation of dologatos, furnished with mass petitious, to w«iit on tho Proinior, and lay boforo tho Govornuiont tho views of tho petitioners, and endeavour to socuro, if not an abolition of tho yollow curse, at lonst groat restrictions in tho way of iticroasod taxation, Ac." This programmo has at lonst tho virtuo of simplicity. WILL HONhiYCUiMu. 