LIKE .AND UNLIKE, . . : ' , Braddon, Author of Lady Audley'e Secret,' Etc. Chapter XXV.— Pa bt Cube. \- Lady Belfield was content to cherieh and make muoh ot her daughter-in-law without aektr.g coy awkward questions. There wae 'OO letter ol remonstrance from Valentino, therefore it might be supposed that be took no objection to hit wife 8 abseooa ; and bo far all was well. Early hoars, freeh air, pleasant -society, would no doubt Boon exercise a good influence upon Helen's health and spirits. Brightness would return to the fair yonng face, and reviving health would briDg » happier frame of mind. , Helen conformed very amiably to all her mother-in-law's arrangem nts. She went to i her room soon after ten o'clock every night, except when there were visitors ; but eLe was -allowed ample latitude as to her habits In the morning, and rarely appsared until after breakfast. She walked and drove with Lady 'Belfield, and took afternoon tea with Lady -Belfield's friends. She did not oare to ride or to; play tennis, end tho»e amusements were not pressed upon her either by Adrian or his mother. It might be that all she wanted was rest. Adrian watohed her attentively, without seeming to watch, fall of fear. - He knew now bat too well, how weak a reed thi3 was upon which he bad onoe 'hazarded the happiness ot his own life Mr. Booketone and the Freemantles were the most frequent visitors in the long summer days, droppiog io at all hoars, sitting about the lawn with Lady Belfield and her eon, -bringing all the news of the parish, and -discussing the more stirring, though less interesting, newB of the outer world. Sometimes the Misses Treducey oame in, an hour before afternoon tea, just in time for a doable set at tennis, wi-th Adrian and Lucy Freemantle, who was less cheep, f seed and a good deal prettier at twenty 'than she had been at eighteen. . She was a tall, fair girl, with light brown hair and olear bine eyes— eyes in which the very spirit of candid and innocent girlhood seemed to smile and sparkle. She was a happy- tempered, bright, indnstriono girl, -helping her father and mother in all their hobbies and all their planB, and rnling her very inferior brother with affectionate tyranny. There oonfd have been no greater -contrast than that between Lucy Freemantle, in the vigour and freshness ot her girlhood, and Helen Belfield, in her broken health end depressed Bpirits. ' What a very sad change in your pretty Hsngbter-mlaw,' said Mrs. Freemantle to Lady Belfield. 'She looks as if she were going into a decline. '- ' Oh, we won't allow her to do that. She is here to bo cured,' Constance replied, cheerfully. She did not want to have Helen pitied and despaired about by hslf the oounty. 1 People told ms she was quite the rse In London when I was there in June,' oai-.i Matilda Treducey, ' I met her at two or three .parties, and Bhe was always so sur rounded that I couldn't g-»t a ward with her; and I hope, dear Lady Belfield, you won't feel offended ii I own that £ don't like Mrs. Baddeley, and that I rather avoided any encounter with her,' Lady Belfield was Eilent. She, too. bad her doubts about Mrs, Baddeley, and was not inclined to take np the cudgels in that lady's behalf, albeit she inwardly resented Mies Tredncey's impertinence. The fiaya went. fay peacefully and pleasantly enough, but there was no revival of Helen's spirits. Country air and country hours were doing her some good, perhaps. She was a little less wan and pale than she hsd been on her arrival, but Adrian's calm watchfulness peroeived no improvement in her moral being. If she Broiled, the smile was evidently an Effort. When she talked there was the same air of constraint. It he came upon her suddenly in the drawingroom or the garden, it was generally to find her sitting in listless idleness, with the air of ens for whom iife baa neither pleasure nor interest. This state of things went on for more than a month. It was the middle of August, and the weather wr.8 sultrier than it had been in I July. Mre. Baddeley was .astonishing the'l quieter visitors at a Sua- borough hotel, and I delighting hsr train of attendants, woo hsd I rallied to that point from various shooting- boxes on the Yorkshire moors, Valentine was going to and iro over the earth like the E vil One, in his journeying irora one race meeting to another. He oco-icionally favoured his wife with a lew hurried lices from a pro vinoial hotel, telling bor his whereabouts. | He appeared thoroughly to approve of her j residence at the Abbey, uud promised to join her there before the first or October. This, so far ae is went, eeemed well, or at least it so seemed to Lady Belfield. Adrian Was not- altogether satisfied. 'I don i like Valentines paBSion for the tnri,' he said one day when be and Helen I were silting on the lawn after luncheon, she making believe to work, he with a volume of Herbert Spenoer on his knee, cud his thoughts "very far from the pages of that pbiloeopher. I 1 hopf, Helen, there is no truth in a rumour that I hoard at my club when I was in Lou 1 don the other day.' ' What rumour?' I 'A man assured me that Valentine has a share in Lard Sv. AUBtslI's racing stable.' I She crimsced at that Budden utterance of St. AuBtell's name, and could ecarcely answer him. 'I — I — have never heard of such a thing,' ahe said. . ' But you know that St. Austell and your husband are dose friend", although they \- only met a little while b: f >re your marriage, j when St. AuBtell was at Mc-roomb. If there is any truth in the report, Valentino is in the right way to ignominious bankruptcy. He has only yonr settlement and the - allowance my mother makes him. Neither of thoEe would be available for his creditors. Practically he is a roan of straw, and has no right to Bpeonlate in a raoing stud.' ' I don't believe he does speculate. He . likes to go to raceB, and he bets a little sometimes. He has given me money that he has won on the turf. I know that there is a I stable belonging th— to— Mr.fBseohing — and | Lord . St. Aaetell ; but. I . don't think Valentine has anything t'o do with it, beyond I going to look at the horses now and then.' I ' I hope yon are tight, Helen. The tnri is | an evil thing at best ; it weuld be deadly for I my brother. I hope he will have had enough -of race-meetings by toe end of this year, and - that he ; will sober down to a mors -domestic life. That pretty-Japanese draw-; I ingroom of yours ought not - to be '- always I -empty.' Helen did not reply. Her heed bent lower over that group of poppies in crewel- etltch which she carried about with her in a basket all day long, and wbioh eeemed to make no more progress than Penelope's web. Within two or three days after this little \- Conversation, Sir Adrian was snrprisrd by a subtle obaDge in this eister-in-Uw's spirits. It - wes not that she seemed _ happier than before ; but she was certainly less listless, less despondent. She bad an air of suppressed excitement, wbioh Eho wed itself in a forced gaiety. She talked a great deal more, laughed at the smallest jokes, and she \- suddenly took it into her head taplay tennis violently with Jack Freemantle. io Aarisn it seemed as if ebe wae impelled by some I hidden agitation which fonnd relief in move ment and occupation of aoy kind. - I Looking back at the events ol the previous day, he remembered that she had been wandeting about the 'Park alcns'in the afternoon for two or three taotirB. She had, for the first time, avoided driving cnt with Lady iBclfield. on the ground thatttaeafternoon wae oppressively warm ; and then soon after i lnncbeon she hsd taken a book and strolled I out into the gsrden. He had missed her later on, and had met her two hoars after- wardB returning from the Italian' terraoo fcy the river, that cypress walk where he had re Oeived the proof of her inconstancy. He felt that there was an evil influence at Work, and he faared that the evil influence was St. Austell. He had seen enough while he wbb in Lon don to inspire him with grave doubts as to the relations between his brother's wife and that nobleman. St. Austell's position and St. Austell's reputation were alike dangerous, and that light nature of Helen's wa3. not \--firmed for resistance in the hodr of tempta- . Published by epec.al airan emeu with the author. »ion. Adrian remembered the scene on Laay Nildare's terries and.the morning tide in the Park both open to snspieion; and his heart was ill at esse for the woman who was to hava been his wife. Chapter XXVI Opining his Btrs. While Helen was paring the cypress walk in the long August afternoon, Valentine was at York, where the summer meeting was in fall swing. Interest as well as pleasure had led him to the northern city. He wbb not, ss his mother had been told, a partner in the St. Anstell and Bsechlng stable, bnt hiB interests were deeply involved in their eucceseea, and he bad mixed himself up in their turf speculations in a manner which might result In a great eonp or a great disaster. One of their horses waB entered for the Great Ebor, and stood pretty high in the betting ; another ran ia a smaller race, and there were three of the stud entered for selling. stakes. Valentine had backed Postcard rather heavily for the Great Ebor, and he knew that Beeohing and St. Anstell had both lai-i their money pretty freely, and that both be lieved in the horse. To Beeohing, losing or winning was a matter of very little conse quence; bat like most millionaires he was very intent upon making his stable pay, and was very savage when the luck went against him. St.'AuaEell was by no means rieh. and Co bin) Postcard's success most be a matter of aonsiderable importance. The value of the horse would be quadrupled if ha won this great race, to eay nothing of his owner's betp, - Under, those oireuaistansos, Mr. Belfield was surprised ae not firming Ss. Austell at King's Cross when he arrived on the plat form just in time for the speolal. It had been arranged aweek before that he, Beeoh ing, and St. Austeil were to travel together by this train, which left London at eight in tho morning on the first day of the races, and were to occupy & finite of rooms together at the hotel till the meeting was over. Mr. Basohing had charged himself — or had been ahargea — with the duty of engaging the rooms, and of securiag a coupe for the journey. ilr. Beeohing was on the platform, with hia valet in attendanao npon him. The coupe was engaged, and a picnic basket, containing a Strasbourg pie, a chicken, and a coupled bottles cf G. EL. Mamm'a extra dry, was in the rack ; but there was no St. Austell. ' What does that fellow mean by being behind time ?' asked Valentine, when he and Beecbing hud taken their Bests, and the doors were being clapped to, all along the lino of carriages.' St. Austell ? Ha's not coming.' ' Not earning 1 Not to ses Posioard win the Grout Ebor !' No. He's chucked up the stable.' ' Couoked up the stable ?' ' Yes, answered Beccbicg, coolly. ' Yon eee he owed ma a hatful of money one way and another, and tho other/night he end I had a general eqa&ra; up, which resulted in my taking about seven shillings in thepound nil round. He surrendered his interest in Postcard, and the rest of the stud, and I gave hint back his I.O.U.'s. He is going to India next week.' ' Why India.' ' Langs. Can't stand a European winter. His doctors advise him to try Ceylon or India. He is keen upon a grand eastern tour, and he's off to Venico next week on his way east ward. He'll potter about in Northern Itaiy, perhaps, lor a month or so, and then pat himself on board a P. and O.' Qaeer,' said Valentine. ' He never told me anything was wrong with hia lungs, though he looks rather sickly at the best of times.' 4 We can't all bo gladiators like you, Bel field. I don't think St, Austell knew there was anything radically wrong till he went to Sir William Jenncr a little while- ago and hail himself overhauled. But he has been laid up more or ieBS every winter for the lest three or four years, and he bus lived pretty fast, as you know, I should think India would ba a capita- move for him." 1 Perhaps,' assEnted Valentine, pondering deeply, wish bent brows. Oo the Ecavesruire ail their acquaintances wore sarpriErtii ..ns. Sc..TAuooU-a Mr. ILecbing had to give the Earns explana tion to a good many people. Mr. Belfield was irritated by this iteration. 'Deuce take the fellow, what a lot cf trouble he has given us, he said angrily ; He onght to have oome t-o eee the horse's performance, although he had parted with his interest in him. Ho has got a good deal of money on the race, anyhow.' The great day and the great race oame. The Knavesmiro was a scene of life and movement, ot vivid colour and ceaseless ani mation, a scene cf universal gladness, ono would eupposc, taking the picture ss a whole. I Bat iu detail there was a good deal of dis ennoiutment. It was oDly the dieinltreeled icokers-on, ihe frivolous people who go to race meeticga to eat and drink and stare aboot them in th6 Ennsbine, tho clodhoppers and bumpkins, who Btarid beside the rails aud gaze at tho scene ae at the figures in a kaleidoscope — it is only for these (hat there is no bitter in tho cup ot pleasure, no fly in the ointment. Postcard, after a magnificent lead, which Elated all his backers, shut up — in Mr. Bsl field's parlanos— like a teleecope. He was a powerful horse, aod wouia nave puuea sp.ien- aidly through heavy ground, but the weather had been peerless, and the course wss dry I and hard, so the lighter horseB had the advantage. Beeching and Belfield at8 their lunoh in moody eilence, and drank twice as deEply aB they would have done to signalise a triumph. ' I'll be banged it I spend another night- in thiB cursed hols,' said Valentine when the day's raoing wae over. ' Oh, you'd better see it out. I've got the rooms for the week-, don't yon know, and I | Bhalibave to pay pretty stiffly for them, and I I've ordered dinner. Yon may just ss well I stay.' 'Make it Yorkshire if you grudge yonr I money,' and when you'comeback to town I'll I square up, retorted Valentine, sulkily. ' I'm tired of the whole onsineEB. yonr stable has never brought me luck, Good-nigbt !' ' It was only hall-past five o'clock ; the enn wbb high still, but sloping westward, aud oarriages and toot people were moving out of the great green valley In vast masses of ebifting lights and colours. A pretty scene ; but far from pleasant to the jaundiced eye ol Valentino Belfield. He got into a cab, drove to the hotel, I bundled his things into bag and portman teau, and bad them carried to the adjacent station just' io time for one of the opeoiale which were taking the raoing msn back to I London. He got into a saloon carriage, coiled himself up iu r. corner out of the dust I »nfi . the glare, and presently, when the express was flying across the oouutry, past those broad fields where the corn was still standing, low hills where lights and shadows I came and went iu the softening atmosphere of evening, ha fell fast asleep, and elept for nearly a oouplo of hours, sleeping off that extra bofclle oi champagne wbioh ho had I drank almost unawares in his disappointment I and exasperation. I It was dark when he awoke, blaok night outside the carriage windows, and within I only the dim light of the lamp, which was almost . oDsourea ny toouuuu smoko. » There were very few passengers in the epscioaa carriage, -and of those few three were ; asleep, sprawling in unrestrained repose ' upon the morocco cushions, worn out with open air, Bun, dust, and drink. Two men sat in the angle of the cirricge, in a line with Mr, Belfield's corner, and those two wers talking confidentially be tween the lazy consumption of their cigarettes, talking in those undertones which are sometimes more distinctly audible than Ihe brawl and babble of loud voioes. 'I tell you, my daar fellow, everybody knew all about it except the gentleman most I concerned.' said one, ' aud whether he I didn't know, or whether he was wilfully I blind, is an open question. I don't like the I mas, Bnd I shooid ba willing to think any thing bad o him, but he's & good bred 'un, anyhow, and I euppoce we onght to give I him the benefit ol the doubt.' I Hs was never about with her,' returned the other man ; ' she went everywhere with her sister, and we all know what the sister " ' A very charming woman,' said his Ulead iriwa iaugh, 'and a very aangerou S"I" iwibtor Sthour oomproSg1 herself very seriously else has contrived to make, more eat of her admirers than any woman in London,. Bhe' most have bled Beeohing to the tnne of a'acdall fortune, I fanoy.' . . Oh, Bseching Is' 'fair ' game,' said the other man. ' Nobody minds Bseching. That kind of pigeon was made' to be plnoked ; besides, Bseching 1b uncommonly oareful. Nobody will ever do him any harm. He has the oommeraial intellect fully developed. Yon may depend he keeps a close account Of his means plaisirs, his grass. widows and such like, and knows' to a Bhilliog what they cost him, and will never exceed the limits of strict; prudenoe.' Mr. Bel field's attention was fully awakened by this time. He had turned himself round in his shadowy corner, and was watohing and listening with all hie might. He knew one of the men, a member ot the Badminton and the Argus, slightly ; the ether not at all. 'The worst story against her is the story of the diamonds, ' said the man whom he did not know. ' Ah, you wore in India when it hap pened, and knew all about it, I snppoBe,' replied the other. It was a rather Ugly story, I believe, bat I never heard the details.' ' I was in Baddeley'B regiment when she oame to India with him,' said the other. She hsd not been married six months, and was about the loveliest woman lever saw in my life. , As han dsome as Mcc. Belfield is now, that splendid Irish beauty, which is unsurpassable while is lasts, great grey eyes with black laehea, a complexion ol lilies and carnations, form and colour alike lovely and luxuriant, . a woman Who ' makes every cad in the streets stop all agape to look'at her. She Etarsled ns at our bill elation, I can tell you, and tho Baddeley madness raged there all that season like hydrophobia. One of our men, a poor little lieutenant, a mere lad. Lord Brompfon's -son, took the diseaee very badly. What was' Eport ' for us was death to him. He fell madly in love with his Major's wife, and hung about her and followed her about in -a distracted, des pairibg WBy that would have been laughable had it not verged upon the tragic.' Did she encourage him V ' Of course she did. He was a swell, and be had lota of money. She nick-named him Baby, talked of him as a "nice boy," and before long he was known everywhere as Mrs. Baddeley's Baby. He didn't seem to mind people laughing at him. We wont to Calcutta later on, and tbsre were balls an'd all sorts of high jinks going oh,"- and Mrs. Baddeley wB3 the; belle . of the pHoe, und everybody, from the Governor-General down wards, was avowedly in lova with hsr. Poor young Siroud hung on to her, and was savage with every man she spoka to. One night, at the Governor-General's ball, 8he came oct into a blaze of diamonds. One of us chaffed t-he Major about his wife's jewellery ; but he tooir it as easily as possibli. She had hired them from Fduet, the great Calcutta jaweller, he told us. "I suppose I shall have to pay pretty sillily for the" use of them," he ssid, "but if she likes tc cut a d&ah; ia borrowed plumea, I oaa'c oompiain. It'll be a deuoad locg time I'm afraid before she'll be able tc show a diamond necklace of her own.".' The speaker Bfcoppad to light a freeli oigarette, and then went on lazily,- dropping out his sentences between puffj of tobacco. 'Baddeley is a big, good-natured, self- indulgent ar.s, but I don't know thai he's anything more than thit. We all laughed at his story of the hired diamonds, and six months afterwards when young Sirond broke for six-and-twanty thousand, most of it mosey borrowed from Calcutta Jews, we ail knew that Mr L Baddeley's diamonds aountcd for Eoraetbing, and Mrs. Baddeley's little caprices for something more in the lad's entanglement?. We wore all very sorry far him. Brompton w&a; said to be a martinet, aod the ycaug man went about Calcutta looking as white ae a ghost for a week or two, while he was trying to make terms with his creditors. Then one morning in barracks -lacrouias . A. graol .ottacoJSoUiiAtxoddbxd, shoe himself half an hour after . morning parade. He hud left two letters cm bis table, one addressed to his father, the other to Mrs. Baddslev.' ' How aid the lady take it?' "" - . 'I suppose she wa3 rather sorry. She never showed herself in Calcutta after the catastrophe. The regimental doctor went to eee her every day, and the Major told every one that she was laid np with low lever, aud that the climate was killing her. She wens back to Eogland a month or so after Strouu's death, and she carried the spoils of war with her and has worn them ever since,' 'Aud you think tho younger sister is ae bad?' said the otner man thougbtfaily. There w&s; no malevolence in either of them. They were only discussing one of the problems of modern suoiety. ' I don't know about tbat. I balieve ahe has more heart than Mrs. Baddeley ; and that she is over head and ears in love with 8 . AuEtell. They hava been oarrying on all the season, and I wonder they haven't bolted before now.' ' My dear fellow, nobody bolts nowadays. Elopemeuts are out of fashion. . There is notbing farther from the thoughts of a modern seducer than a mcaage. ; The days of of postobaues and Italian villas are over. We love and we ride away, Ss. Austeli is a man ol the world, aud a man ; ol the time. Bere we are, old ohap. My trap is to meet ua here.' They took up their stioks, bats, and over coats, and left tho carriage before Valentioo Belfiold'a brain had recovered from the shook of a sodden revelation. He started to his feet as they went ont, called out to the man he knew, followed to the door just as the porter slammed it, and the train moved on. He hardly knew what be meant to do. Whether he wonld have oalled the slanderer to account, otned him, challenged him. He stood by the door of ihe swiftly movicg carriage, dazed, bewildered recalling tbat Idle talk he had overheard from the darkness of his corner yonder, wondering bow much or how little truth there was in it all. About Mr.'. Baddeley, his wife's eister? Weill there might be eome foundation for soandal there, perhaps. He had long known that ebewae a ocqaette, and a clever coquette who knew bow to lead her admirers on, and how to keep them at bay. He knew that Beeohing bad ministered pretty freely to the lady's caprices ; and be had always looked anon St. Austell as the ladv'a favoured admirer, and the msn for whom she was in some -danger cf compromising herself. The story of young Stroud's futile passion lor bis Al-ijor'a wife, -and of costly - jewellery giveu at a time when Lord Brompton's heir wqb already deeply ia debt, was not altogether new to him. He had heard some vagut biota in the past bnt men had been sby of alluding to that old story iu his presence. Ho had known that his sister-in-law had been talked about ; but no man had ever dared to insinuate that she wbb anything worse than a olever woman, and perfectly oapsble of taking care of -herself. I back Mrs, Baddeley Bnd her poodle against Laoretia and her dagger,' he had beard a stranger say one night in the olnb smokingroom, and it had seemed to his somewhat cynical temper that his wife oould not be safer than with a thoroughly worldly woman, a woman who knew every knot and ravelled end in ihe ' Beamy side' ot society. Bus St. Austell his wife's admirer ! They two head over ears in love with each other ! Never for one instant had such a possibility dawned upon ; and yet tboee wo men had talked as if that mutual passion were an established face, known to all the world, except to him, the deluded- husband. Helen, his Helen! The wife who hsd satiated bim with sweetness, whose devotion had cloyed, whose fondneEs had been s!mo8< & Daraeo. i-Dsc bdq inauia piajr him false, tbat she should eare for any other ' man oa earth. No, he could not believe it. B.oauee two fools in a railway carriage ohoee to tell lies, was he to think that the woman who bad counted the world well lost for love of bim bad turned trickster and traitress and was carrying on with another man. St. Austell, a notorious rake— a man who I had the reputation of being fatal in his - flaenoeover women. i _- -t newly aroused Valentine Belfield looked back at the history ef the last few montbs and saw all things in a new light. He remembered bow in all Mrs. Baddeley's festivities — at Harlingbatn, Rineltgh, or Ssndown ; water parties at Henley or Msrlow ; Sunday dinners at Richmond ; at Greenwich— St. Anstell had always been one ol the party. Beeobiog and St. Austell had always been, at band. Whoever else was included, those two were in evitable. He had reckoned them both as Leonora's devotees ; they were the pair which she drove ia her car of triumph, like Yenus's doves -or Juno's peacocks. Oae possessed her heart, and ruled her lifa ; the otliar was her puree- bearer. Knowing all this, or believing this, be bad yet been contest that his wile should go everywhere under her sister's wing. The arrangement relieved him oi all trouble, and Helen seemed happy. People complimented him npon his wife's beauty, and he accepted their praises as a kind of tribute to himself ; pleased to nhdv the world how careless he oould afford to be about a wife whom every body adored,1 secure in hiB unbounded dominion over her, able -to neglect her if he uhese, and yet to defy all rivalry, Ghapt.br XXVII. — An Unfinished Letter. Mr, Belfield. sat braosiog daring the rest of the journey to King's Crocs, and bis thoughts grow darker with the darkening night. Yes, St. Anstell had haunted hia wife's footsteps all . through the .ssuon. that was past. He bad beard of them riding in she now ; ia was St. Austell who had dhesea Helen's horse at TaUeraall's, and who had been offioiously obliging in attend- ing . the sale and 'getting the animal for a price that seemed almost ridiculously at variance with its quality. He oould recall the whole transaction ; how in St. Austell's presence one evening, after a little dinner, in Mrs. Baddeley's rooms, Helen bad entreated him to buy her a horse, urging tbat it was odions to ride hired animals, smelling of the livery- fltables, and suggestive of a riding master in butohor boots ; how he had declared he couldn't afford ' to buy ; and haw St. Austell had told him that it wonld be a more economical arrangement than hiring, aud had suggested chat a good horde might be got for a little money now thai'the hunting was all over. ' 'What do you call a little money?' Valentine had asked, annoyed at hie wife's persistence, and at St. Austell's interference. : 'Well, I suppose you might pick up a good" Park hack for ninety or a hundred. '.Nearly twice as much as I should like to give,' answered Valentine, curtly. ' How much would you give i! there were an opportunity ? I am at Tattersall a nearly every day, and I- would be on the look ouc if I-knew what you wanted.1 I doa'5 want anything. There are plenty of boraee in Devonshire that my wife and 1 can ride when we're there.' 'But Devonshire" isn't the Park. 'Val.' pieaded Helen. ' I want a horse for the Park awfully,' whereupon Mr. - Belfield shcugve his shoulders, and said ho would give fifty or sixty gnincas for a hack, rather than bo bothered; and with this un gracious permission bis wife was fain to be content. Three days after this conversation, Valen tine found! Lord St. Austell's groom waiting in front ot Wilkie Mansions with a thorough bred bay horse, which he was gently leading up end down the road. ' Hia Lordship's compliments, and this is the horse he has bought for yon, sir,' said the man. ' Rjvioli, grandson to Macaroni. Valentine looked the animal over criti cally. ' Is ho sound ho asked. ' Yes, sir. His Lordship's vet. looked at him before the ..ale.' ' Weil, he is ve'ry handsome ; and if his mannors are as good as his looks, his Lord ship has made a good purchase ' Valentine met Si. Austell at his club next day, and'gave him a cheque for fifty-seven guineas, at which sum the horse had been .knpoiredr.fiown.t0.him .fttn'attersall'a.. At snob ..a price, ths'animal, if sound, was an unquestionable bargain. Valentine bed rioden him round tne Iiow, and had found hie - paoas admirable, although he wae obviously ovcr-weigh.-A uy unysnrog-aoove twelve stone. For a. light weight like Helen the kcros was perfection. ' The yard must hava been asleep when you bought him,' said Valentine. ' Oh, Ikrew how to bide my time and watch my opportunity,' answered Be. Anslei, lightly. 'Iain very glad you're tatsefi-d with my choioe.' ' More than satisfied, my dear fellow.' So the matter had ended. Mr. Bslfield, full of his own schemes, pleasures, and excite- mems, had thought no more of tha horee, . except to remember that he had made a 'sacrifice to his wife in buying hioi, and that she ought to be very grateful, To-night, looking back at the past in fho new light of awakened doubts, he shrewdly enspcoted tbat St. Anstell bad fooled him, and tbat, under the pretence of getting a bargain at Tatterssll's, he had presented the woman he admired with a horee that had cost three times a3 much as her husband was willing to pay. And she bad known the Bearet of - tho transaction, no doubt, and they had laughed together at tho husband's, meanness, and at the ease with wbioh he had b'eeu hoodwinked., ; Valentino Belfield almost ohoked with rage at the idea of his own blindness. ' To think that I. should be deceived by any woman — above all by my wife — the wife I won as easily as a pair of gloves— and by beavsn, I thought she was as mnoh my own as my gloves or my hat — as faithful to me as my favourite dog.' Yet remembering how easily she had been won, how quickly Bhe had wavered in her fidelity to Adrian, he conld scaroely wonder that she had faltered in her truth to him. St. Auatell was fascinating, a man of eminently seductive manners deeply . read in tbat modern literature which women appreciate, distinctly a man to please women —while he, Valentine, was a sportsman, oar. ing very little for women's society, and mak ing no sacrifices to please them, despising them rather as a lower order of beings whose nature it wa3 to be suppliants and adorers of the master spirit, man. He had never thought of his wife's love for him as a measurable quantity, whiah he might exhaust. She has been a looi, and- ehe has beau a coquette,' be said to himeelf, as the train Hteamed oast the shabby streets and caalit windows of northern London, but I don't believe she has bean anything worse. It will be my business to drive her with a tighter rein in tnture. You have been allowed to go too free, iny. pet. It must be curb instead of snaffle, henceforward. He had business in London whiah must needs be done before he coald look after his wife. Postcard's defeat meant losses whioh amounted almost to financial rain. Money would have to be raised, and at a saorifice. He conld not briog himself to appear to his mother for help in a turf difficulty ; firstly because she had been very generous to him already, and secondly because there were other difficulties, other debts imminent, for which be would be obliged to ask her assist ance. Under these circumstances he went to a Jew money-lender, and involved himeelf deeply in order to raise money against rattling day. From the money-lender's offics he went to Tattersall's, where ha was almost ae well-known as Lord St. Austell. He saw one of the chief olefks, a man with whom be had beeu on familiar terms ever sinco he bad been a frequenter of the famous aucticn- yard. ' There was a horeo sold here last April,' he said, ' a thoroughbred bay,, grandson of -Maaaruni, I want very... much to know at what figure that horee was knocked down. I've got a bet unomit.' ; W hats jour bet, Mr. Balfield, if it's not an impertinent question?' asked tho man eaeily. ' If it was, I wraldn't mind it fsam yon, Jones,' answered Valentine. 'I've laid two to one tbat Ravioli - fetched over two hundred.' 4 1 think yon're pretty safe, sir. I remember the horee. He was one of Captain Poppin- gay's lot, and they were all good 'nns. I'll turn up the catalogue ia a minute. April 7tf., lU.hUffr.JyisJhereVibey ire, hnatersj p. haoks;;twsn ofiooaehihowes;! ; : . Ha ran his Soger down the pages of a catalogue, hid ; practised eye following the fignreB with amazing rapidity. The prioes realised by the horees. were written in the -margin beside the lot cambers, and the names of the purohasera on the other, side of the psga. , ' Ravioli, five years old, thoronghbred, has been hnnted with the Pytohley, carries a lady,' he road. Your money's safe, Mr. Belfield. Two hundred and seventy eight guineas. Lord Bt. Austell bought 1 im.' _ ' That's your ticket,' answered Valentine, lightly, ' I thought I was pretty safe. Good night, a thousand thanks.' He had just time to aatch an afternoon train for the West ol England, a train which left Waterloo late in the aftsrnoan, and which was due at Ohadford road station a little be fore midnight. It was a slow train, aad one by which he would only hava travelled in an emergency. (TO JJ3 C3XIIXCKD ) 