LIKE AND UNLIKE. BY M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Andley'sSooret," "Wyllard'i Weird," 4MS., &O.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXXIX.-( Continued), His wordb and looks were so deeply earnest that his mother could nob dis believe. Adrian had been her strong rock in the laat few years; her friend and companion, the one being whose pre sence always brought brightness and comfort, upon whose sound [sense and unselfish affection Bhe could rely. She was mystified, but she was submissive, and the journey to Lanherne was given up. She told Mr. Roctatone only that she had changed her mind. " I think you have done right in aban doning your idea,'' he said. " Be surejthat if Mrs. Belfield is in any retreat of that kind she will communicate with you be fore long. Her heart will yearn for you as time goes by, and the longing to Bee you or to hear from you will be too strong to be repressed by any ascetic rale, how ever severe." . . . ? . i > After that conversation with his mother, Adrian had an uneaBy feeling that he had Baid too much, that he had gone too near the betrayal of his brother's dreadful secret. Yet to have allowed his mother to follow a phantom, to wear out her heart in false hopes and disappointing researches, was more than his duty as a son would allow. His first thought had been of his mother; it was for her sake that he had kept Valentine's secret; and it was for her sake that he ' had lifted a corner of the veil. It was for her sake that he tried to seem happy and at ease when his heart was gnawed by care, and his life darkened by I the shadow of fear. " Let us forget," he had Baid to her ; and often, in the long slow days, he had said to himself, " Oh, God, i£ I could but forget." His daily walk was by the river.^ He seemed drawn there by an irresistible attraction. Scarcely a day passed on which he did not stand beside that Bilent pool beneath whose dark water lay the murdered wife. He went there oftenest in the twilight, when all things had a vague and ghostly aspect, or when the eye created its own spectres out of the commonest forms. He wondered some times that her spirit had never appeared to him, when his thoughts were so full of her. He gazed with melancholy eyes among the shadows of the willow trunks, half expecting to see a spectral form waving tremulously above the bank, like a ghastly Undine. But there was nothing. The dead made no sign. One evening he saw a red spark shining brightly amidBt the gray. It came nearer ae he advanced along the path, and pre sently he found himself face to face with Mr. Melnotte, who was strolling quietly along, smoking a big cigar. " Good evening, Sir Adrian, A mild night, and a picturesque spot." Yery ; but I should think it must seem uncommonly tame to you after the Zam besie Falls." " Ohj but I am catholic in my tastes. I can admire an English landscape as heartily as if I had never seen Africa. A favorite walk of yours, Sir Adrian ?" " Yes, It is one of my favorite walks.' " I thought so. I have sesn you here nearly every evening for the last ten days. I generally take my afternoon stroll in this direction, but on the opposite bank. Lady Belfield was BO good as to Bay I might make free with .the park and meadows." "Naturally. Any friend of Colonel Deverill's would be welcome. Is this your first experience of Devonshire ?" " Of this Bide of the county, yes. I know the south coast pretty well. A de lightful county. " You are not a Devonshire man?" " I have not that privilege " There was a silence. Mr. Melnottedid not volunteer any information as to his birth or parentage. He was a curious little man in this wise, and, except for hiB African experiences, seemed to be a man without a history. Sir Adrian won dered how his friendship with Colonel Deverill could have come about. The two men seemed to have so little in common. From a good-natured impulse, rather than for any particular reason, he asked Mr. Melnotte to dinner, an invita tion which was promptly accepted, " It is always a pleasure to visit such a house as yours, Sir Adrian," he said ; " a house with a history. Ao doubt the abbey has its history." "Yes. It has a good many histories, or traditionB." "Any ghosts. Any Btory o£ a dark crime in the remote past ?" " I have heard of neither ghost nor crime." " Well, it is a noble old house, even without those embellishments," said Mel notte cheerfully, "and the park and gardens are perfect. This is a tributary of the Chad, 1 suppose, the river in your grounds ?" "Yes, it unites with the Chad lower down." " A swift, deeplsh river, eh ?" "Swift and deep." "It makes a very pretty feature In your grounds. Nothing like water for giving beauty and variety to a landscape. To-morrow evening, at 8, I think you said, Sir Adrian ? Good night." Mr. Melnotte crossed a rustic bridge and disappeared in the twilight on the further bank, while Adrian strolled slowly along the cypress walk. He was met by Lucy Freemantle, who unconsciously suggested a reminiscence of Shakespeare's Beatrice. " I have been sent to aBk you to come to tea," she said, blushing a little, her complexion of lilies and roses looking brighter than ever in the grey winter atmosphere. " You were very good to take bo much trouble about me,'' answered Adrian, as they shook hands. " Oh, it was no trouble. I am always glad of a run. Mother and I came to call upon Lady Belfield, and Lady Belfield was getting fidgetiy about you, so mother told me to run and look for you, and I guessed I should find you this way." " How clever of you." They were on very friendly terms, Lucy having known the abbey and the abbey people all her life, A fe w years ago when Bhe had been in the nursery she had looked up to Sir Adrian as a very grand person age, standing as it were apart from all other young men upon the strength of a superior position and superior attainments, but of late she had felt herself more upon a level with him, and more at her ease in his society. He called her Lucy, as a matter of course, having known her in pinafores, but she called him Sir Adrian. " Is my brother at home ?" he asked as they walked towards the abbey. " No, there is no one but Lady Belfield and mother. They are talking parish talk -about the poor old people and their ail ments- Buch dreadful complications. How hard it seems that the poor should suffer In all ways. People who know nothing about them think they are healthy and hardy because of their scanty fare and open air life; but when one comes to know them one finds that theory a hollow mockery. The open air may be very good for us, but the poor get too much of it." She spoke warmly? having just come from a scene of suffering in one of the cottages. She was a frank, warm hearted, energetic girl, tall and strong, in the full bloom of youth and beauty, a girl for whom life meant action and duty, not dress and pleasure. Yet at a county ball she danced as gaily as the most! feather beaded of her Biatersa, and neveY com plained, as they did, of an evening being slow. Lady Belfield and Mrs. Fceomautle were Bitting by the fire in the Inner draw ing room, the cosy tea table and hissing kettle between them. They had been joined by Mr. Rockatone, who sab in one of the most luxurious of the large arm chairs, with his legs Btretched out in front of the hearth, basking in the glow of a friendly fireside after a long day among hiB poorest parishioners. They were talking of Valentine. " He ought to make an effort, my dear Lady Belfield," said the vicar. " The blow that lias fallen upon him is a heavy one, but it 1B almost unmanly to succumb SB he has done. His whole being is under going deterioration. He has brooded upon the one great wrong until his BOUI has become steeped In gall. He is a misan thrope at an age when men generally love their fellow creatures. Something must be done to save him from himself." "Yes, something must be done," echoed Mrs. Freemantle. "It is terrible to see a fine young man like Valentine lapsing into physical and moral decay. My hus band tells me that he shuns all his old friends-does not even show at the meet, and rides in a way that Bhows he cares no more for other people's lives than he does for his own. He ought to go to Aus tralia." "That is the remedy, Mrs. Free mantle," said the vicar, "a new country Australia or the Red River district-anew and not too civilised country-utterly new surroundings. That kind of thing isyonr only Lethe ; the only remedy for a mind diseased. I know it would grieve yoii to part with him, my dear Lady Belfield, bat you would have him back in two or three years a new man ; whereas if you let him stay here decay is inevitable. You re member what Dickens says about the dry rot in a man. I'm afraid poor Valentine's is a case of dry rot." (To be continued.) 