Items. Splendid rains. Hills very green. Splendid weather. An Utopian scheme. Terrible loss of life. Cup match to-morrow. A triumph for Mr. Cave. Bumper house to-morrow. Ghost story from Cradock. Mr. Cave makes a liberal offer. Over 400 pearlers lost in a tornado. B. F. Langford right about Gordon. Treeplanting proceeding vigorously. Twelve entries for the first cup match. Totalizator case to be carried to appeal. Bishop Reynolds created an Archbishop . Four R. C. Priests arrived to labour in S. A, Sir H. Ayers says a wet May means a wet year. Large bodies of Russian troops being sent to Persia. Entertainment for Burra poor to-morrow evening. Will of Sir W. W. Hughes proved at j£3i6,ooo. The Canadian Parliament condemns the Crimes Bill. Blocks of from 4,000 to 20,000 acres of land offered on lease. Salvation Army being hotly persecuted in Adelaide just now. The pearl fishing industry on the N. W. coast of Australia destroyed. Fighting again in the Soudan. The British dispersed the dervishes. General Gordon is said to be still alive, a prisoner among the Arabs. The General Post-office in Wellington, N. Z., has been destroyed by fire. Mr. Rounsevell's greyhounds sold in Mel bourne for from 2 to iS guineas each. Decorations and preparation of Courts in Adelaide Exhibition proceeding rapidly. The dispute between France and Germany is settled. M. Schnaebell being released. M. Schnaebell received a tremendous ovation on being released on the French frontier. 'Mr. Parnell is likely to resign the leadership of the Irish party on the ground ol ill-health. The N. Z. Government lose .£30.000 by the fire at the General Post-office in Wellington. A joint protectorate over Afghanistan by Russia and England is proposed. Surely not. The unemployed in Sydney have asked to be heard at the bar of the House, but were refused. Sir Graham Berry has given a great oration in London on the benefits of protection in Victoria. ^25,000 balance from the Colonial and Indian Exhibition to be given to the Imperial Institute. Russia is said to be intriguing in Persia for the escape of Ayoub Khan to lead the Afghan rebellion. A canal through the interior of N. S. W. is said to be about to be undertaken to utilise the unemployed. The Hawkesbury bridge on the railway be tween Sydney and Brisbane will be finished next year. Cost ^350.000. V. F. uniforms promise to rival Jacob's coat, They are now grey, one Company wants scarlet another green and another blue. A girl named Mary Jane Paynter has com mitted suicide at Mr. Gambier after having been seduced and deserted by a man named Henry Gavin. The football match between the Terowie and Jamestown clubs on Saturday last ended in a draw, the former scoring 2 goals 8 behinds and the latter 2 goals and 6 behinds. The ten mile race between Livington and Stevens was run on Saturday last on the Car nngton ground, Sydney, the former winning by 30 yards. Time, 1 hr. 1 min. 15 sec. Clarke, of Aberdeen, won the six days' bicycle tournament in Melbourne, doing 780 miles ; Roberts, of Newcastle, second with 770 miles ; Wyburd, of Bathnrst (N. S. W.), third with 730 mile. Woods failed in his attempt to lower the 100-mile record. Some carious phenomena have been observed since the recent earthquakes in Southern Europe. Near Varese a large fissure has opened in the mountain about twenty centimetres wide, but of unknown depth. From this fissure steam and bituminous vapours proceed. 