tj- - ?. ' A ONCE NOTORIOUS BUSHRANGER. Mb.' R. Rae, a contributor to the West Coast Times of New Zealand, gives an accouut of an interview he hud some years ago with the bushranger Joseph Thomas Sullivan, when living near Wedderburn, in Victoria, Sullivan was one of tour blood stained criminals who waylaid nnd murdered a party of store keepers on the road between Wakimirina and Nelson. This happened in 18156. 'Three were hanged, Sullivan saving his life by turning Queen's evidence.' After the trial he came over to Victoria, where he had great difficulty in obtaining a living. Eventually he went to England. He is now 80 years of age. It is reported that he is in London, compiling a history of his 40 years of colonial life, following the example of Burgess, Garrett, and other criminals, who have left their biographies behind them, biographies which were mostly fiction. Mr. ltae's narrative of his talk with Sullivan is as follows :— In the winter of 1874, one wet and dreary evening at that period, I was on my way from Inglewood to Sandhurst. The coach stayed for a couple of hours at the small mining village called Wedderburn. It was here that Sullivan at that time resided, having not long previously returned to the Sandhurst district after a visit to England. It occurred to me, as I was waiting in the township, that I might visit the notorious and champion murderer of the world. I mentioned my intention to the landlord of the hotel at which I stayed. 'Landlord,' I said, 'I believe Sullivan lives hereabouts; I think I will call and see him. Can you direct me to his dwelling?' The landlord was struck with amazement, lie did not know me, and he viewed me from head to foot very carefully. Then the truth 'seemed to flash across his mind. 'Ah, I see now,' he said ; 'you are the press. Very well If the press chooses to run into danger, and associate with the very devil himself in human form, that's no affair of mine. Sullivan lives down the road there in a bark mia-mia ; the hut is beside the highway, it's the first one you meet, and you will get to it in 10 minutes. Everybody here, except the larrikins, are different to you. They think they cannot get out of sight of the murderer's den quick enough.' . The hut was scarcely a quarter of a mile distant, and presently I stood opposite the pieces of wood which did duty as a door. It was quite dark, and a drenching rain fell. I knocked. An angry voice asked ' Who's there and what do you want?-1' I answered both questions unreservedly, and immediately Sullivan opened the door and invited me inside. He scrutinised me with anxious and restless glances at first, but soon he got more at ease, and he asked me to sit down on the only seat in the hut— a loir. -by the fire. Sullivan wob, I understood, somewhat of a dandy in his day, but now he was ragged and dirty, and a more desolate and utterly broken and starved villain it would be hard to- find on this earth. The only light in the nln.ee was that afforded by a piece of rag in a sardine tin containing u little fat, and the flickering of a fire made at the end of the stump of a tree, which stretched from one end ot the hut to the other. There was no table, and the only bed consisted of a few rags and newspapers thrown on some saplings, Another tin did duty as a tea kettle ; a smaller one was Sullivan's cup ; while his plate was a piece of delf— the segment of a circular willow pattern plate. I asked Sullivan why he did not cut some wood and so make a proper fire and this question led to a full narrative ot his woes. 'No one here,' he said, 'will lend me au nxe.. They all hate me, at-d try to drive me mad, and they have nearly done so. They won't sell me anything, or lend me anything, or buy anything from me. They won't speak to me, not a soul of them. If I g» into a public-house I can't get a drink, or a look at a paper, or a civil word.' He took a wooden match-box from his pocket, and showed me in ifr a couple of pennyweights or so of gold. 'I have a tin dish,' he said, 'and I fossick about in the gullies, getting a few grains now and then. I cannot sell the gold here ; I have to go to Inglewood to sell it. No one at Wedderburn would buy this gold from me if I was dying with hunger;' and I am hungry half my time/'S^^,'^:^ I could not see how, under these cir'cunntnnces, he lived at alL, and I asked him how thenL'hegot food-y^He told me that there was a very poor Irishwoman, whom/he/ never spoke to, in the township, who left some bread, meat, tea and sugar occasionally, and by stealth in the night, .outside, for him, and for the rest he had to go to Inglewood for supplies; when he had a bit of gold to sell. V Most likely she thinks me a Catholic, because my name is Sullivan,' he said ; 'but atall event3 she is the only one here who has the slightest mercy, or pity, or compassion for me. But,' he said, 'for God's sake don't mention this woman to any one in the township, for they would find her out, and lead her the life of a dog ever after if. they knew she was kind to me. They would hunt her and hoot her down, and cut her oft from all human intercourse, as they have hooted and hunted and cut me. They would either drive her away altogether, or lead her the misery they lead me— a life worse than the life of hell 1' And now the wretched scoundrel's anger was raised, and his countenance glared with a strange, half insane, half diabolical expression. He paced up and down the miserable hut in violent agitation. It struck me that he was consume.!, often perhaps, but certainly now, with a terrible remorse. I asked him to calm himself ; to sit down beside me on the log by the fire, and to tell me exactly the part he took in the awful business that brought him to such infamy. It was then that the cleverness of the man— of which I had previously heard much — revealed itself. He sat down for a while, but presently he rose again, as he grew warm with the tale of horrors he was revealing, and for' an hour or more he entered into a history and a defence with singular, if untutored, eloquence. I need not relate what he said, for I knew that his account or. the fearful transactions he was describing with such apparent truth was a tissue of lies.. . . i ? 'A Outside the hut the' wind wasvhowling, and the rain was de scending in torrents, and he caught at these facts, and made use of them in his account, introducing the raging wind and the teeming rain that blew and fell as the work of death went on. Then he told of his departure from New Zealand, and, how whispers and murmurs, threats, scorn, obloquy, pursued, him everywhere. Day and night he heard voices saying, ''That's Sullivan, the murderer.' At Liverpool, when lie landed' there, he was not 10 minutes on the wharves before he was pointed out, and he heard the people mutter 'That's hiru!' as he^ went along, until at length a crowd gathered round him, and he had some trouble to escape from their growing rage. It was the same no matter where he went. At Sandhurst, on the way up to Wedderburn, 3,000 people waited his arrival at the railway station, and jeered and hooted him out of the town. At night, as he lay in his hut, voices disturbed and woke him with the same cry, 'That's Sullivan, the murderer !' Visions made him get up and light a fire in the dead of night, and human voices were ever whispering in his ears, as he tried and tossed and struggled to get oblivion and sleep. , Now he heard the voice of one victim —now of another; and. now they were all assembled together and driving him mad with a chorus of howls, demanding his instant death. And yet he said he was innocent of the actual crime of wilful murder. I thought that Sullivan was not altogether an arrant coward, for if he was he would surely have sought relief from his tortures by death long ago, and I told him this. But he said it was cowardice that made him live. His horror of death was even greater than his horror of life. He dreaded to live, but he dreaded more to die. He would like to get away in the night, unknown to the detectives and the police and the people, and to go to some distant country where he would not be known. But he could not do it. He was watched and followed everywhere, and if it were possible to be a thousand miles away, in the morning there the police would be waiting ; there would the people be congregated to howl at him ; there would be again the voices dinning 'That's Sullivan, the murderer !' in his ears. That was how it was that he remained at Wedderburn. He was as well there, perhaps even better, than he would be anywhere else. As I was leaving Sullivan he went to the head of hia bed. and from a small bundle there he produced a set of gold sleeve links. He told me he had come by them honestly, but he could make no use of- them, and as I was the first person who had spoken a friendly word to him for years, he begged of me to accept them as a gift I declined the honour. Shortly after my visit to Wedderburn the life of the man became so unendurable, and it was, besides, so evident that his health and strength were utterly wrecked, and that he was henceforth powerless for harm, that the Government of Victoria helped him to get out of the country, and gave directions which prevented either the police or the people learning his destination. And so he escaped. One morning the hut was found deserted, and the great gaol bird had flown— no one knew whither. ? .. ' ; Tug mysterious ghost story,, about which something was said in our last, has been cleared up. A Carrieton correspondent writes to the Port A ti;/ ml a Despatch under date May 4 :— '' Last night Mounted- constable Shegog visited the haunted house in oc cupation of Mr. C. Hamdorf, near Yanyarrie. Shortly after his arrival there Mounted-constable Thomas, with Mr. Baker, of Hammond, happened to drop in also for the purpose of investi gating the myatery. ' After some sensational anecdotes about his ghostahip the light was put out, and within a few minutes a rapping was heard on the slate floor. The visitors were informed by Mr. Hamdorf and friends that if a light was struck, or they went too close to a certain little girl, the noise would cease. Mounted-constuble Shegog went to the spot where the rapping was heard, stooped down, and putting his hand out felt a foot tapping on the floor. The noise immediately ceased, and recom menced on a little box upon which the girl before mentioned was seated. Mounted-constable Shegog then went to the box and took hold of the little girl's hands, and the knocking stopped again. Mr. Hamdorf remarked that the spirit wanted a rest, and a light was struck. After a little conversation the room was again darkened. Mounted-constable Shegog then crouched down in a dark corner of the room opposite the window, before which was a white blind, and it being a bright moonlight night, he could easily distinguish any object between him and it He saw a boy who lives with the Hamdorfs move his hands about, aa if pulling a string, and, as he expected, the rapping at once commenced and kept time with the motions of tne boy's hand. Mounted-constable Thomas then asked some questions, but received no answer, though the rapping continued steadily. Mounted-constable Shegog got up to go towards the boy, when the rapping ceased, and the boy moved nearer the chimney. The visitors then went outside, and after a short consultation the rapping recommenced, and Mounted-constable Shegog on going inside was requested not to go near the box upon which the little girl was sitting, as the spirit was rapping loud on the bottom of the box and he might disturb it ; but he crept quietly up, and put his hand between the box and the girl's heel, the result being several kicks on the hand. The knocking then commenced on the top of the box, and on puttinsr his hand where the sound was he received three raps from the gir.Vs knuckles. The knocking then ceased, and did not commence again until Mountedcon stable Shegog was heard to speak in the middle of the room. Mr. Hamdorf asked if the spirit was getting tired, and was answered in the affirmative by three faint knocks. Ihe visitors, then left, pretending to think it was a great mystery, bu.t satisqect that it was a great fraud.' 