THE Detective's Dream By Waif Wander. (W. W.) It is years since I dreamt that dream, yet scarcely a Christmas comes and goes tbat I do not many times reoall it. Perhaps it and the events which followed, made a deeper im pression on my memory beoauBe I was at the time barely recovering from the most serious illness I ever had in my life, and was un hinged both in body and mind. The doctors had insisted on ohange ol air and soene, and I had got leave from my superiors, but where was I to go? The bustle and noise of a summer seaside haunt would have driven me wild, and I had not a single friend in the oountry that I could take the liberty of offering a visit to, One of the unexpected coincidences we Bo often meet with in life, and which good folk are fond of oalling providential, solved the difficulty for me. I met in the street Albert Pemberton, a young University student I tyad accidentally been able to help in a not over re spectable mess he had got into in one of our Town slums, and his good-looking faoe beamed with pleasure as he recognised me, " Good heavens, how bad you look, Sin olair," he oried, " I only heard by the mereat aooident the other day chat you had been seriously ill. I WBB just going to hunt you up-upon honor I was, to ask you to accom pany me home for the holidays." "Home with you 1" I said "why I am a perfeot stranger to your people. I oould'nt have the aheek to quarter myself on them un invited, and what a chance there is of them inviting a detective to Werrimona 1" " How proud you are; but you're wrong, for I have an invitation for you in my pocket. I wrote asking leave to ,take you up with me, telling them, you may be sura, that I was greatly indebted to you, Sinolair, though I daren't enter into particulars, and there-you can read the paragraph if you like." " Mrs Pemberton is very kind, and I am very grateful," I said as I returned the letter " but you are going to have x, wedding in the family, and I am quite unfi" for any feBti* ties." " You need not even share them unless you wish. Evelyn's wedding is to be the quietest you oan imagine, but you need not even see the oeremony unless you ' choose. I have' settled it all in my own mind, old fellow, you shall have my room; it is a regular bachelor's den with an entranoe of its own-you oan oome and go without a soul being the wiser. Now you won't say no ?" I didn't say no, I went with my young friend to his home at Werrimona, and there I dreamed my dream. Werrimona waa and is one of the loveliest spots the sun of Victoria shines on, It is a neat of verdure among the hills that slope in around it leaving broad openings here and there that the aye may wander to the blue moun tain paska in the far distance, or rest on the shimmeringjj windings of Werrimona Oreek. If the whole country had been searched for a peaceful spot in whioh one might rest and en joy, with|a thankful^heart tho beauties of God's given earth, none fairer 'oould be found than fair Werrimona. Mrs Pemberton had been long a widow, and was a sweet-faced, motherly woman, who set me at my ease in a few friendly words ; to Evelyn Pemberton, her only daughter and the soon-to-be bride, I must devote a few more words. I never understood the girl from the first, though sad after events taught me an explana tion of much that had puzzled me. She was very beautiful, no one oould look in her faoe and not acknowledge that, Bhe was twenty one, tall, and slenderly built, but of admirable womanly proportions, and she had the most perfect, though slightly peculiar, taste in dreBS. Her hair and eyes seemed of almost the same hues-brown with gleams of gold in them. The former was abundant, soft and wavy, the latter large, heavy lidded, and fringed with deep lashes that made a notioeable feature in her faoe, Her mouth was, I think, the sweetest I ever saw, and in her rare smiles the rich lips afforded a glimpse of teeth regular and white as rows of pearls, Yea, Evelyn was beautiful in spite of the almost total absenoa of color in her faoe, Her complexion was of «*delicate oreamy hue, and only in rare moments of exoitement a pale rose tint appeared for an instant in her soft oheeks, The very first time Evelyn Pember ton's eyes rested on mine in a deep, and al most solemn gaze, I felt a strange thrill through my whole being-a thrill that had something of a shudder, in it, though the warm summer sun was beaming doWn on my bare head as I bowed before her. It was not until after I had seen her that I felt interest enough to question Albert as to whom she was about to marry. He had been initiating me into the oomforts and peculiari ties of his den, whioh he had, as he promised, resigned to me, and a little fatigued with the journey, I seated myself in ,a obair near the window to enjoy the wild view of hill and dale it afforded while we indulged in a smoke. " Well ?" ha asked, " what do you think of th e mater and Evelyn ?" » I think you are a happy fellow to have Buoh a mother," I replied, "and that you ought to try and lead a life worthy of her/' .i Don't hit so hard old fellow!" he said with a beooming flush vising to his brown cheek," I'll try hard for the future." " My dear Pemberton, I assure you I only spoke in general terms-1 had no intention of reourring-" "No," he interrupted, "I am sure you hadn't, but a bad consoienoe you know,, 'But you haven't told me what .you think of my Bister yet," " She is very beautiful-very, may I ask who it is Bhe is going to marry, Albert ?" "I should think you may | why you'll meet him at dinner to-night-that is if you don't prefer dining here-I promised you perfect liberty you know." " Thanks, but I must not be too exacting or selfish. I must make the aoquaintanoe' of Miss Pemberton's intended at all events, I have gathered that he is a neighbour ?" "Yes, hiastation is only two miles away, and he is one of the nicest young fellows in the world. If there is any fault to be found with him it is his youth, he is the same age as Evelyn-but that you know, will menjl. She is a luoky girl to hook suoh a husband as Kingsley-Charley is amiable and wealthy." " And is devoted of oourse ?" " Oh, of course, that goes without saying but 1 don't mind|telling you, Sinolair, that he's fat easier satisfied than I should be in bisplaoe." "As how?" » BeoauBe Evelyn is so cold-if I was going to be married to a girl I'd expect her to seem happy at all events." ".And don't you think your sister is happy?" .. She says she is, But, oh heavens, Sinolair what's the use of trying to understand women ?" added the nineteen year old oynio, "I don't suppose they're ever of the same mind two months together." " I hope you have no reason to inolude Miss Pemberton in that sweeping aoouaation," I said, " I have then," was the short answer, and the young fellow bent his brows gloomily and pulled hard at his oigar ere he spoke ag ain. " I know that you're a safe card to talk to, Sinolair, I oan trust you to hold your tongue if I say to you what I wouldn't to another, You Bee the mater and Evelyn look upon me as a boy, and I'm out of the running in family consultations, but I spoke up about Ned Cor. wyn before things had gone too far, and I got snubbed for it." " Ned Corwyn ?" "Oh, you don't know him, he's another neighbour, a Bohool-mate of mine, and of Evelyn's too, for that matter, though he is yeMfl older than either of as. Well, il e'V& a gill was spooney on a fellow Evelyn was on him, and by Jove it waB mutual, be worshipped the ground she walked on," "Is he dead?" I aaked, thinking I had found a solution of the mysterious sadness in Evelyn Pemberton'a eyeB, " Dead? not he I the poor fellow's taken it like a sheep, and is the mater's right hand man. You will see him at dinner to-night too." 1 " Am 1 to understand that your sister was engaged to this Mr. Oorwyn, and that it was broken off in favour of Mr. Eingsley ? " " That's how I take it, but as a matter of faot I know nothing positively. I tell you I am only the boy in this establishment, and am not trusted with the family seorets. I know that I used to ohaff Ned about being my brother, and he liked it,'and all at onoe it was aa much as my life was worth to venture a hint at suoh a thing," I felt rather ourious to dee these young men who were to meet on friendly terms under suoh peouliar oiroumstanoes. The low sun was shining in the drawing-room window at v\ errimona when Mrs. Pemberton introduced ..d to them, and my first idea in oonneotion with either was that I was disappointed in Eingsley as a husband for the queenly Evelyn. He was simply a fair haired and empty-headed boy, full of ohatter and vanity, good tempered, doubtleas, and proud of his beautiful fianoGo, but no more suited aa guide, guardian, and companion to Buoh a woman than a school boy of twelve. Edward Oorwyn was a totally different stamp of man. I daresay he was twenty seven. He was tall and strongly built, yb<°, gentlemanly-nay, distinguished looking. 1 have seen suoh a man in a cavalry regiment, witty a sword in his hand, and the air of onn born to do great deeds, What could be tho seoret influence that foroed Evelyn Pember ton to discard suoh a man for a common place boy suoh as Charlie Eingsley ? And yet when I had engaged in conversa tion with him, and been some time in hia oom pany, I began to think that the grave gentle, nesa of Edward Oorwyn might hide a terrible will and fierce passions, Not that he revealed this in words, but I once or twice saw a flash in his eyes, as they turned towards Miaa Pemberton, that haunted me. In his imme> diate attentions to her he was only the smiling and attentive old sohool.fellow, and he treated Eingsley aa a man would a favoured brother, lightly and half mookingly: it was only when he momentarilly forgot his role that I saw the dark grey eyes flash with an ominous fire. I watohad Evelyn closely, but saw nothing to guide ma as to her feelings in the dignified calm of her beautiful faoe. She accepted the attentions of her intended in a_ queenly way that seemed natural to her. Her grand eyes were turned on him, on Oorwyn, or on myself with the same quiet smile, She waa like a beautiful piece of mechaniam wound up to play a certain part, in whioh it was impossible she should fail. Onoe or twioe I saw the mother's eye glanoe anxiously towards her, and onoe I saw that Evelyn's eyee met those of her mother, and an swered the anxiety in them with a smile, It waa a tame evening altogether, in spito of the young people's music, and I waa glad when I got baok to Albert's room, and was onoe more seated by the open window look ing out at the moonlight lying in patohes on the mountains, and silvering the nearest foliage with gleama among the shades, I was contrasting the solemn quiet of this night scene at Werrimona with the glaring gas and noisy streets of Melbourne at that hour, when the door opened and my young friend Albert entered. " I guessed you would not b,e sleepy Sin clair," he said as he dropped into a ohair op posite me, " this is an early hour for fel lows used to town life, I won't be in the way, eh?" " Not at all," I replied ," On the contrary, I am glad of your companionship. This " and I pointed to the gloomy shadows among the silent hills " is depressing to me-it is like a land of ghosts." " Aye, after town it is quiet. But, Sinclair, I've got news for you-our wedding is to oome off sooner than we expected." " Sooner?" «' Yes, you know it waa settled for the 29th, but it seems that Oharlie has business press ing in Sydney, and he's coaxed the mater, to let the marriage take place on Christmas eve." " And your sister has consented 1" " It seema so. I didn't know it until to-nlgbt, but it seems everything has been pat forward. By Jove its a good job I brought my war-paint up with me after all I " " Yoa are to be best man, of oourse ? " " Yes, and Miss Emerson is to be brides maid. It's not Charlie's fault that it's to be such a quiet affair-he, poor fellow, would willingly have spent no end of money on it, but its one of Evelyn's fads that she's to be married like-like a maohine girl, by Jove! " I heard a good deal about the,arrangements before Albert left me, and I sat there thinking over them and enjoying the quiet long after the household had retired. The rustling of the lonely branohea on the darkening hill-side had a weird attraotion for my unaooustomed ears-the voioeless air breathing on my, faoe seemed to bring new life into my veins, yet withal even my hardened soul felt, as I had told Albert, a solemn depression that was half fear in the lonely night scene among the Wer rimona Hills. I had risen, and waa about to close the win dow, when I saw a woman's form gliding among the ousbes a little distanoe from the baok of the house where my room was, and I naturally stood still to watqh. I had no light, for I had put out the lamp on my first en trance, so as to enjoy the full beauty of the oalm moonlight. The woman did not go far, she stopped under a tree a little way up the side of the hill, and was quiokly joined by a man. The latter was tall, that waa all I could be certain of, though my eyeB were keen from years of detective duty, but the woman I had a nearer view of before she disap peared. The interview was a short one, and the female hastened back towards the house. Onoe she turned to look baok and satisfy herself that her companion had gone- it was as she turned again and moved that her faoe and figure orossed a ray of moonlight and I saw them both. It waa a short, active girl of twenty.three or four, apparently one of the maids, and disgUBted with myself for watoh ing a servant's interview with some rustic lover, I closed the window and went tobed. I Blept well and was out in the garden be fore any of the family had made their appear anoe. Shortly after, however, I was joined in my Btroll by Mrs. Pemberton, who in her tasteful morning dress of pale blue looked young enough and happy enough to have been the prospective bride herself. She was evi dently in a happy mood, and Boon the conver sation drifted to the subject that was doubtless nearest to her heart that summer morning. " You have heard of our change of plan, dear Mr. Sinclair, has soon as I am to lose my Evelyn ?" II Yea, Mrs. Pemberton, Albert told me last night. Fortunately it won't be for long. I understand that Mr. Eingaley'a place is only a oouple of milea away." ' " Yes indeed, it is most fortunate for me. And to be the miBtresa of such a house as Eingsland is a position that any mother might be proud to see her child fill." '. Miaa Pemberton would adorn the highest position, my dear madam." *' Thank you, and Ido not think I need fear J'our words are intended as flattery, Evelyn s a beautiful woman and a devoted daugh ter." The poor mother's voioe broke as Bhe uttered the last low words, but ahe reoovered herself and went on. " I do not mind saying to you, who are such a valued friend of my boy's, that Evelyn's ohoioe has relieved my mind of a great weight. There was a time when I feared that early associations might have biassed her affections in a less favorable direction, and it iaji a great relief to me that it has not proved to be bq. A widow loft with but a poor provision lor her children has a great responsibility to contend with; but, thank heaven, my troubles are nearly over, Kingsley is not only a wealthy young man, but the soul of generosity 1" Her troubles nearly'over I many and many a time after did those words of the unhappy mother recmr to my memory. It was the twenty second of December, only one day intervened between us and Evelyn Pemberton's wedding morn. At breakfast that morning there was only the quartette, Mrs. Pemberton, Evelyn, Albert and myself; but both young Kingsley and Oorwyn put in an early appearanoe, and plans were formed to visit Kicgsland and inspect the improve, ments the young fellow had effected in honor of his bride. 1 excused myself from being of the party on the|*core -of ray recent illness, and wlien I had seen them off I strolled up the hill at the baok (the same which faced the window of my room,) and throwing myself on the warm grass under a tree, prepared to enjoy a doloo far niento whioh a hard-worked D. must of all men appreciate. I was wondering if Evelyn Pemberton had been influenced by her mother to 'discard Edward ^Oorwyn for that sh allow-pated lad Kingsley, when I happened to see, shining amongst the grassjnear the elbow on whioh I was leaning, a stud set in onyx, My eyes are, as I said before, professionally sharp, and I recognised it at once as one of a set worn by Oorwyn on the previous evennig. All at once it flashed upon me that I was under the very tree where X had witnessed the moonlight meeting, and that Oorwyn'a must have been tho tall male figure that had formed one at the appointment. Who could have been his companion, and for what purpose had a midnight interview taktn place ? If for a moment 1 doubted the honor of Miss Pemberton and believed it pos sible that she had aocorded a olandeatine meeting to her discarded lover, I remembered in the next that the woman I had seen return to the house was short of figure and vulgar of faoe and could not possibly have been her. I was going to put the stud in my pooket deter mined to say nothing about it, but let my discovery concerning it be the result of ohance, when I saw the very girl who had had the midnight appointment ooming from the house in the direction of the hill.' An idea that Oorwyn might have managed an opportunity to inform the girl of his loss made me drop the stud in the grass again and rise from the spot before she saw me. I did not go far-1 only dropped on the grass behind a shady cluster of young she.oaks and watohed the girl. There was no douht of it-she was search ing for something, and at last found what she sought, and went baok to her housework with a light step and, as she{ fancied, unobserved. My knowledge now of the fact that Oorwyn was eapablo of a low intrigue with the servant of the woman he had once loved damned him at once in my estimation. The man that oould do ao was a low villain no matter how noble or gentlemanly the appearanoe with whioh he deceived a shallow world ; when some hours after he sat opposite to me at dinner, with the unbroken set of onyx studs on his person, it would not have baen prudent for me to have expressed aloud my sentiments In oonneotion with him. Tho following day-the twenty.third-I had almost entirely to myself, The prospective bridegroom had been forbidden to put in an appearance again at Werrimona until th§ marriage ceremony had been performed. Evelyn herself was, of course, invisible, and Mrs. Pemberton full of business in preparing for the wedding breakfast and supervising hospitalities. I rambled about the hills most ofthe day, with Albert's gun in mypossession, though I was not guilty of muoh bloodshed in consequence of carrying it, and I shared a scramble dinner with Pemberton and his mother as evening fell. Mrs, Pemberton was in high spirits, and so naturally was my friend Albert. " I'mJ dead tired I" the latter oried and I'll have to turn in early if I'm to faoe the tor rible ceremony to-morrow morning in my best bib and tuokerl" «' We'll all have to turn in, as you call it, early j there is plenty to be, done in the morning,and we must be up betimes," " I wonder what Evelyn means to allow me 'for this lot ? By Jove sne has fine times of it hiding away in her own room while wo are slaving to death 1 Whatever is she doing, mater ?" " My dear, a young lady on the eve of her marriage has many things to do. She has to pack for her trip to Sydney, and to arrange her wardrobe generally. And you know Evelyn haa no maid, but Milly Werner has been helping her all day." Milly Werner ? was that the young dame that met Oorwyn at midnight on the hill? if so, a pretty treaoher ous maid had Evelyn Pemberton ; or, after, all, was it a faithful confidant ? I felt very unlike sleep that night, and knowing, the result of tumbling and tossing about on a sleepless bed for hours was likely to be, I determined not to go to bed at all until I had worn myself out sitting up. It was about eleven o'olook when I came to this conclusion, and all the house was in the most perfect stillneas, I had taken a book in,whlch I was interested into the drawing room early in the day, and the idea that 1 should like to finish it took possession of me, Believing that every soul in the house had retired, I took up my lamp, and making as little noise as I oould, sought the drawing-room. Thq door was ajar, and the room in dark ness, save near the windows, through whioh a flood of moonlight was falling, I had taken possession of my book and was retreating, be fore I noticed a female figure standing in a Window-recess with one of the drooping lace ourtains oaught and held back in her hand. At the first glanoe I knew it was Evelyn, there was no mistaking that graceful yet majestic form, She must have heard my movements even at the moment I saw her, for she turned her face towards me quickly with a frightened air. Never can I forget that beautiful faoe with the whiteness of death on it, and almost the shadows of death beneath the heavy eyes. Let me try and describe her as I saw her then, before the terrible after events made a horror of the memory. She wore a half-fitting wrapper of white cashmere, with a heavy silken cord and tassels tied round her slender waist and in loops at her left side. Her golden brown hair was gathered baok in wavy and glossy masses, and fastened with a large comb behind, beneath whioh loops and long tresBes fell down carelessly on her shoulders, Her small slender foot, as it peeped from under the cashmere skirt, showed a white silken stooking and shoe of black satin ;? and that was all-there was not a bit of laoe at her fair neck or wrists, or a ring of gold on the perfeot fingers, " I beg your pardon, Miss Pemberton," I apologised, " I am afraid I have startled you, Indeed I should not have ventured from my room if I had not believed every BOUI in the house abed, I oame for this book." " Do not apologise," she replied gently, " I have no business here indeed, and mamma would be very angry if she knew, but I wanted a*-a last look." " Oh no, Miss Pemberton j though you leave home to-morrow it is only for so snort a time that you will not miss it out of your life at Werrimona." "I do not know"-she returned as Bhe. shook her head sadly, " I feel a presentiment that when I leave my mother's home it will be never to return to it again." " You are nervous, ray dear Miss Pemberton, and unsettled, when tbe sun shines on your wedding morning you will forget all this de pression," " I hope so." Somehow I felt like lingering, though I was quite aware that good taste would have dedi cated my immediate retirement; but I had some exouse while those grand eyes lingered on me with a sad solemnity that stirred me to the soul. Impulsively I advanced towards her and put some of my feelings into words. " Miss Pemberton, do not bo angry with me, I ask you to trust me a Utite. I !sel as if there j was something troubling you greatly-is there anything in the whole wprld I oan do for you ?". " There is no one without trouble, not even a young girl like me," she answered steadily, " but my trouble, if I have one, is one of my own making, and no one can help me. Thank you all the same, dear Mr. Sinolair, some day perhaps--" " Borne day 7" I repeated as she paused. " I hardly know what I was going to ex press. Ever since I looked first into your faoe I have felt as if there was some strange, solemn tie between us, as if one day my life, my honor or my good name would lie in your hands A queer feeling, is it not? but I was alway a ,strange, dreamy girl,' and never thought I would be a long liver.'' "Gad forbid that there should be any foundation lor suoh fears I" I cried earnestly " but if ever you plaoe a trust in my bands I will redeem it faithfully or dieI" " Thank you truly. And now let it be farewell-I shall not have a moment'to speak to you again." Sbe put her hand in mine as I murmured a " God bless and make you happy," and sbe left there while she repeated the " Farewell," that rang in my ears for many a long day after j and eo I went baok to my chamber leaving her, etill by the window, with the moonlight streaming on her pale faoe and white-robed figure. My book was after all of no value on that night-the last that should fall on peaceful Werrimona with a shadow of oontent. It was far on in the small hours ere I undressed, and then it was to lie and wonder at the sorrow of the beautiful daughter of the house, the bride of to-morrow. I slept heavily at last, to be aroused by someone trying the handle of my door as if to gain entrance without knooking. Saeing that the sun was shining brightly, I bounded from my bed, threw on some garments and unloobed the door- the first glance of Mrs. Pemberton's white, frightened faoe was enough to show mo that something had happened. "Oh, for the love of God, oome and help me, Mr, Sinolair I" she whispered tremblingly, "Evelyn has gone : oh tell me, tell me what I am to do 1" " Gone; what do you mean ?" "Let me in, I don't want to let anyone know-yet, I went to her room early, so as to get Evelyn up and ready in time, and I found that her bed had never been slept in 1 I have searched in the house and garden-every where 1 but I oannot find her; oh God I what shall I do ?" " Has Bhe taken anything with her ? made any preparations for a journey I mean?" " Not that I oan sae- her wraps at all events are in her wardrobe," " Let us go to the room, and be as oalm as you oan my dear lady-if Miss Pemberton is lost we will find her, be assured." The poor woman led me almost blindly to the ohamber of the lost bride, tears of terror and agony rolling over her blanohed cheeks. It was a new experience to me, and a pitiful one, this entrance to a girl's ohamber where all preparations had been made for her happy bridal morn. There were two beds in the apartment, and both were hung in pure white lace looped with pale blue silk. Oa the snowy oounter pane of one of these the bridal garments were . spread daintily-a trailing robe of white silk almost covered with rich lace, the bridal wreath, the bridal veil. All the little aceea sories to a perfect toilet lay in order, the silken hose, the white satin boots, the . long white gloves, the golden and jewelled bouquet holder that had been a gift from the bride groom. The ghostly attire had, under the circumstances, a weird look-it was as if a dead bride had slipped from her wedding gar ments and left them to lie there in her form. I saw the mother's hands olasped iu pitiful woe as she glanced at them, while I made my own observations on the state' of things. It was as poor Mrs. Pemberton had said, not an article of outdoor attire was missing from Evelyn's wardrobe, ,and the bed was smooth and undisturbed from* the hands of the chambermaid. From what I saw I oame to the conclusion that Evelyn had not visited her room after my meeting with her the previous night-I was almost certain of this, Beeing that her little watoh hung on its stand upon her dainty toilet, and that it had stopped at twelve o'olook-if the girl bad returned after that hour she would have wound it. I said nothing of the meeting I had had in the drawing-room, but I asked the mother if she had any reason to suppose that Miss Pember ton did not intend to fulfil her engagement to Mr. Kingsley ? " Oh no 1" she cried I" on the contrary, she gave me her saored word last night ere I left her bore that she would,not fail I" "Was a sacred promise necessary then?' I asked sharply," has it been necessary to re. mind your daughter of a vow on the eve of an unweloome alliance? Mrs. Pemberton, you know I am a detective, if you wish me to help you in this matter it is necessary for you to put entire confidenos in me-to tell me the yrhole truth." "There is nothing to tell I" she almost shrieked " my child I my ohild 1" I began to feel angry with the woman, who it seemed to me must haev coerced her daugh ter into a wealthy engagement; I felt. less iuolined to Bpare her, and related what had passed between Evelyn and myself. " There was some weight on her heart," I said, "and some terrible presentiment oppres sing her-can you explain it Mrs. Pemberton?" .«Nq!" she oried wildly,"! oan explain Nothing, only that my child has left me for ever 1 my Evelyn I my Evelyn 1" Hor shrieks had aroused the household, and Albert was in the room with the servant Milly Werner. I glanced into thegirl's faoe sharply and Baw that she quailed under my eye. I drew her aside while Albert beard the sad truth from his distraoted mother, and ques tioned her. "Were you aware that MIBB Pemberton had left the house?" " Me sir 1 how should I know of suob a thing? I am not even Miss Pemberton's maid ?" , " You have not answered my question-did you know that Miss Pemberton had left the house, or bad any intention of leaving it last night ?" "NoI" she answered brazenly" I know nothing about it I" , " I might find a way to refresh your memory," I said sharply. ?« Have you been carrying any messages between Mr. Gorwyn and your young mistress lately ?" " No, I havn't" she cried as her faoe burned crimson. " Your communications with that gentle man were entirely onyour own aooount then She grew pale as suddenly as she had flushed, but answered after a moment's hesitation. "Yes, entirely on my own aooount I" " Take oare-I may make you prove that before you are many hours older." I heard some ejaculation like " impidence 1" as I turned and took Albert from the room, leaving the hysterical mother in the hands of the servants. Together the anxious young fellow and I aearohed everywhere in hope of discovering any traces of his sister. There was no use in trying to hide from the household what bad happened in the faoe of Mrs. Pemberton's outories, and every servant save Milly Werner was helping in a search that proved to be vain. When I saw how useless it was, it was nearly nine o'clock. . " We may decide that there will be no wedding to-day. I'm afraid Albert "I said, while we partook of a hasty meal, " It will be better for you to ride over for Kingsley, and send messengers to all the invited guests that the wedding is postponed-your mother's sudden illness will be a sufficient excuse." " Sinclair " he returned, looking at me with a great seriousness in his young face," this matter will be the ruin of poor Evelyn-do you tbink.it .possible, that she has run away with Oorwyn?"' " I don't think it at all likely, since she baa gone apparently in her wrapper and slippers, bat I am going over to ask mm the question noW "YonI" ~~ ' ,, ",^r ray0e»-you seem to have forgotten lam a deteotive, Pemberton, who oould more fittingly inquire into euoh a business?" « Oh, heavens, that you should speak bo I what awful thing do you Buspeofc that you should reour to youf profession now ?" " Be a man Pemberton. Bemember how muoh is on your shoulders at this momelJ since you are the representative of a heffi mother. (Jo, and do as I said-I will see jou on my return," ? 'UH I went to the stablos, and after having sad died a horae for myself, rode on my errand to the house of Edward Oorwyn, I knew where to go, for the ohimneya of hie farmhouse Were visible from some of the win. clows at WemcnooH, and had been pointed out to me, I rode rapidly, and soon reached the snug-looking homestead amongst the treed that-was oalled Oorwyndale. It looked like the house of a thriving man, but had around It none of the elegaucifa of wealth. It was a plain, shingled verandah I rode up to, and the door, without knocker or bell, stood wide open to the morning eun. I knocked loudly with my whip, and soon a oomfort»bk-looking dame, who looked like an upper servant rnaao her appearance. In' reolv to my wish to see her master, she told me he was dressing for Miss Pembercon'tt weddine, but on my aendzug a message that my bust netis was urgent, I Wj»B shown into an unpre tending p^dGr, where in a few moments I was jwied by Edward Oorwyn. He was most perfectly dressed, with the exception of the glossy frock coat he carried in his hand S"0',w,i deny that a finer looking land wou'd bs hard to produce in any ka-oried in surprise, as he w£S£ i '»l,o,H aM not tha 1cbb welcome, that I was far from expeotinR vou. I pray you to excuse my incomplete toilet the wedding you know; but, had it not been Uf i t w >r.behave I should have been half way to Weminona by this." A lose stud / I looked at the broad, glossy, immaculate shirt, and saw indoed that there Stao 1 mioaiuB>aQd fTm the same onyx I did not take the hand which he doubtless lingl no' eee» aQd he went on smi idkT# enough to have a aeoond set. Sinclair, and I m very unluoky with this one . Only yea erdayl recovered one of the studs the previous day, and now It is gone again something 10 the matter with the . ^11° n' (. ^ ' ^rfl' Kinaaley» that is to be, will not observe Us abaenoe." abS"'Irepeat0d''8hawi11 nofc oba.°T ita Something in my tone perhaps, or in my fiftf? ^ i^ere B£eadily uP°n him, seemed to affect him-he grew pale down to the very lips under his military looking moustache. 11 . *!?. stl'an8e. Mr. Sinclair," ho Baid, " is anything wrong?'' ' "1 askjyou that question, Mr. Oor wyn. _ Miss Pemberton haa disappeared from Werrimona, and no trace of her can '?>& dis covered. Oan you tell me where she ia ?" I ? do you mean to insult me sir ? What should J know of Miss Pemberton's disan. pearance?" ^ " I understand that at one time you tVs/uiU have been the most likely of all persons to Know of Miss Pemberton's movements." '. Aye, at one" time I he eaid with bitter em phasis, "the time when Eveiyn Pemberton was my betrothed wife, and had not been tempted by a weak mother, and another man's gold 1 But that time has passed, uir, and, thank God I have forgotten it 1" ' He did not look as if he had forgotten it, standing there with his hands elenohed and his eyes blazing- 'he did not look as if ho would ever forgot it should hia term of life extend a hundred years 1 " I don't know who has been kind enough to tell you of my folly 1" he went on. «' but he has not told it well, or you would' better have judged the man you come to ask for tid ings of Miss Pemberton, Edward Oorwyn is not the weak minded fool to be once dis- ? carded and lured back to hia allegiance by a soft look. If there was not another woman in the whole world and Evelyn Pemberton knelt to mo to make her ray wife I would spurn . her as I do that hound I " It was impossible to doubt the man's feel* ings as he stood there, his dark handsome face distorted with terrible paaaion. As he spurned with his foot the dog that had come into the . room with a morning welcome for hia master in his faithful eyes, the passion of a fiend was clenched in Oorwyn's hands and flashing red in his awful gaze. I turned towards the door, but he plaoed ? himself before me and spoke in a meaning tone. 0 ''Stop, if you please. 11 may surely expect - to be told by what right you take upon your self the right to search for Miss Evolyn Pem. berton ? Are you, then, without my being aware of it, some olose connection of the family? Surely you will favour me with a little information oa the, to me, at present dubious point? " *vmvuu » My name iB Mark Sinclair," I said, as I looked him steadily in the face, " and I am Senior Detective in the Metropolitan Force of Deteotives. Ia there any other in formation you would like me to supply you His face grew pale as I answered him, but he laughed mockingly and bowed. " I was not aware that I had a visitor of suoh importance. Au vtsvoir, Mr. Sinclair. [ Aa soon as I oan change my dress I will ride over to Werrimona and see if I oan be of any ; service to Mrs. Pemberton." Aa fully convinced that Oorwyn knew some* thing of the girl's disappearance as that I breathed, I returned to Werrimona. I was at a loss what to do, as there,was not a magis trate within many miles, and I could prove nothing against Oorwyn that would excuse my arresting him without a warrant. One thing I oould however do-I oould try to frighten Milly Werner into a confession of 1 oomplioity since I had myself seen her in con sultation with the man I suspected. One may imagine the state of the house hold on my return. Mrs. Pemberton had broken down utterly, and a medioal man had been sent for, Young Kingsley had arrived ? and was roaming about the house in a held? lesB, limp way, looking, I Buppose, for his lost bride in corners that had been searched a dozen times before. The men who had been despatched to make enquiries in the neigh bourhood had returned with young Pember ton, and no discovery had been made. My first inquiry was for the girl Werner she was in her own room. I walked straight to it when it had been pointed out to me lt was a little attic ohamber--and knooked sharply at the door. There was some shuf fling inside, and then the girl opened the door. I pushed her back, went in, and looked the door behind me. At first she attempted a little shrieking, but she had not time to indulge in muoh ere I had my handcuffs clasped on her wrists. It is ^wonderful what an effect the touch of that kind of cold steel has on a coward, she was instantly silent, though with her, white lips in^ a determined rigidity over her set sharp teeth, " Now." I said, " will you tell me what you and Oorwyn have done with' Miss Pember ton ?" " No I won't I " she hissed,," who are you to dare ? " , * " Oh there is no daring about jit my dear I lam simply a deteotive in pursuit of my duty, You won't tell me, eh ? it isn't you can't then?". ' "It is I can't 1 I know nothing about it 1 how can I tell you what I don't know ? Take off these things I take them off I say, or I'll screeoh and alarm the house?" " Soreeoh away my beauty-I've a gag about me somewhere, Oh 1 you were pack ing up when I interrupted you, eh ? you were going to make a bolt of it were you ? " I was going to leave-yes, I' told Mrs. Pemberton I was, and why shouldn't I if I like?": ? " Because / don't like my.dear. Now, are you going to toll me where Misa Pemberton is ?" " I don't know! I declare to God I don't know I" " Not where she ia now, perhaps, bat you oan tell a good bit that will help ub to and her. What had Oorwyn to say to you that night you met him on the hill, and what did he give when you returned him the btud be had lost ? Oome now, it will be better for you to make a clean breast of it," " I won't 1 aee that now 1 you may kill me and I won't! Since you know BO much, go and aak Mr, Oorwyn himself-you'll know nothing from me!" " Very well, until you ohange your mind you will remain a prisoner in this room, If you have not oome to your aensea by to-mor. row morning I'll oarc you in to Weriimona look-up," While I had been speaking I had been ex amining the little window-it was impossible to escape from it. I took the key ouc of tbe door and Bhe made a rush to try and eaoapo as I opened it. " Let me hear one bit of noise and I'll ga<j you," I said as I pushed her baok, " I'll bring, yon some prison rations towards evening, ami if you have oomo to your senses I'll hear what you havo to say," But she said nothing, When I returned nt night she waa Bitting on her bed with a eul. len, determined look on her dark fase, and would not oven reply to me when I addressed her," " You have been well bribed my lady," I thought, " but the sight of the polioomon I'll give you in ohargeto to-morrow will ma; be loosen your tongue." I was wearied out, body and mind, ana was asleep almost as fioon as I was in bed, and I must have dreamed almost as soon as I slept. It seemed to ma that I saw Evelyn again, as I flaw her on the previous night, in her trailing white dress; but the hair among whioh tbe moonbeams had rested was hanging down almost to her waist, tangled and dishevelled, In the great eyes, too, there seamed an awful glassy stare, and the white hands seemed atretohed out entteatingly towards me I I struggled myself awake as if from a night* mare, and for a second of time after I opeuod my eyes I seemed to see the shadowy outline of a form between me and the window, I sat up in bed to satisfy myself that thioca was nothing but space where I had imagined that Bhape, .. I shall have a relapse if my brain does not get a rest," I thought, as I resolutely turned my face to the wall and shut my eyed. Just then I heard the olook in the hall Btrike twelve-it was Christmas morning, almost the same hour in which last night Evelyn had said to me her last" Farewell?' In a few moments I slept again, and again I dreamed, but this time my dream had some new features, and was peculiarly vivid. I saw Evelyn gazing at me reproachfully, and I re oalled my promise as though she had then re. peated it with her shadowy lips. " It ever you place a trust in me I will redeem it faithfully or die; " that was my promise-had she oomo to claim it ? In my dream I gazed at the misty form and met the awful and glassy eyes. She seemed to stand near a window as she had done last night in the drawing-room, but this window was smaller, bad broken panes and tangled foliage waving long sprays outside it. Inside, too, the woodwork looked old and broken ana out of the perpendicular, and the floor upon which she seemed to stand was broken and diaoolored. This time when I awoke in a shudder I bounded from my bed and dressed myself-I could no more have lain still after that re peated dream than if I had seen Evelyn in the flesh and she had oalled me to avenge her. That she had met with foul play I waB oon vinoed, and I wept softly to Albert's room and awoke him- it was not hard to do, ha started up fearing Bome fresh trouble awaiting Albert ?" I asked, " is there anywhere in this neighborhood an old, uninhabited house, with broken windows and wild creeping plants growing around them ?" " YOB, Colonel Hussey'a old house," ho answered, " why do you aBk ?" " How far is it from this ?" " Under a mile," " Get up and dress yourself my friend, you and I must go to that old house within the hour,"? and as he waa dressing I told the poor fellow of my dream and all I feared .that Oorwyn had done. ' "You must be bravo to meet the wont, lad,' I said, " it would kill your mother to tell her the truth if it ia as bad as I fear." We had provided ourselves with oandles and matohes, and easily made our way info the fast deoay ing timber house, I went straight toward the room that had the broken panea-1 the whitefaoad trembling youth following me oloaely, A single look at the window showed ma the counterpart of what I had Been in ray dream, only that there was not even the shadow of lost Evelyn to remind me of my promise. Holding a oandle in my hand I looked round the room, and then low on the broken floor for traces of feet or marks to prove my fears not unfounded. I discovered them; on the very spot where Evelyn had Beemed to stand Oorwyn's for the seoond time lost stud was lying, and there were spots of blood where it lay 1 Without a single hope now we searched the house vainly, until I discovered some loose boards in the flooring of a small baok apart ment in which the roof had given -way and partially fallen in ; tbe boards were lifted, and there lay tho form of Evelyn Pemberton, with Bome folds of her stained robe oovering her dead face I When the first burst of the poor bother's horrified sorrow was past we luted the fair form, aarried it into the best of the rooms, and laid it decently on a table that happened to be there, We oould do no more until wo prooured means and assistance. We were returning in awful ailenoe, leaving the victim of revenge alone in tho ruined house behind ua, when ihe loud neighinR of a horse -in the bush not far away attracted my atten tion,' It was a strange neigh, half squeal, aa it the animal was in pain, and we turned our horses in the direction of the Bound, We found a bay horse entangled by tho bridle in some scrub, with a broken saddle beside him near a log. " Thia is Corwyn's horse ?" cried Albert, aa he dismounted and released the horse, who'took advantage of hia liberty to Boour through the brush homeward; nor did we trouble to follow him, for his master was lying against the log in a orushed heap, evidently breathing hia last. I stooped and raised his heavy head to, my faoe, and as I did so he opened hia eyes, fixed them on my faoe and knew me, \\\had my reven2Q you aee, and all ia well I he murmured, " sho will play no man false again 1" and he waa dead-almoat with a amile on his murderous lips I The story of my dream is told-let the faith less maid Werner drop out of it like the worth less thing she was. I suppose I must do her the justice to believe that when she persuaded Evelyn to grant Oorwyn that last meeting, she never dreamed of murder. Wo had un fortunately no hold on her, so she went free and out of my sight for evor. My friend Albert is master of Werrimona now, and has a family of fair children grow ing up arouAd him. The eldest he has named " Evelyn^" in memory of his lost siater, and sometimes I fancy the girl haB a look in her great dreamy eyea of the murdered bride, Charley Kingaley did not break his heart, though he grieved long for Evelyn'a terrible loas, now there are happy ohildren alao at Ktngaland that bear his name, Mrs. Pemberton is dead, If she felt remorse for influencing her daughter to deoeive the inan Bhe loved, and accept one she oould not love for the sake of hia wealth, she never said bo, but carried the seoret of hor sin with her to the grave. Excitement, rightly directed, furnishes healthy motive-powor to oarry humanity for ward, Without excitement we should ho a dull, phlegmatio, uninteresting, unprofitable people. 