VICTORIAN MEMS. The appointment of Mr. T. P. Fallon as Consul for Chili in Melbourne has been ap proved. Prizes of £50 and £25 are offered by the Government tor the best irrigation farm and the beat irrigated crops of 12 acres. A correspondent of a metropolitan paper " believes " that with the aid of Russia, China conld conquer India and Australia. It is supposed that Alderman Benjamin, who was so shabbily treated by the Council last year, will be the next Mayor of Melbourne. The Government are willing to vote £150 towards recompensing the master and crew of the vessel who rescued the survivors of the Detty Castle. Mr. M. H. Davies, a Minister without a portfolio, resigned his honorary position in the Cabinet, with the view of being nominated for the Speakership. It having often been proposed to establish a gun club in Yarrawonga, definite steps are now being taken to make the proposal an established fact. Seventy-five loads from the Crown Cross Mine, Hard Hills, near Rush worth, have yielded 569 JZ. of bar gold. The stone was obtained in five weeks. Nine cases of diphtheria, of which seven proved fatal, were reported to the Central B ard of Health last week, also three cases of typhoid fever, one being fatal, A case was decided in Melbourne last week establishing a woman's right to bold separate property under a deed of trust executed by a first as against a second husband. An attempt was made to wreck the special train in which the Governor of Victoria and party were conveyed to Charlton on the occasion of the recent agricultural show. The GamperAown Chronicle does not think the operations of the Shearers' Union will interfere materially with the progress of shearing in any of the sheds in that district. Deep regret was caused in Daylesford on Friday by the death of Councillor Alfred Beckett, J.P., at the age of 35, from congestion of the lungs, after about six days' illness. The late Mr. J. G. Morley, of Victoria, has bequeathed £1200 with which to found a theological scholarship in Trinity College for the encouragement of candidates for fcoly orders. The body of James D. Gardiner, third engineer of the steamer Afghan, which bad left "for Sydney, was found in the Yarra a few days ago. Deceased bad been missing for over a week. Mr. R. Cuthbertson telegraphs to the Vic- torian Geographical Society stating that he has successfully ascended Mount O'Bree in the Owen-Stanley ranges. He expects to arrive in Melbourne in the middle of October. The epidemic of burglaries in Melbourne continues. The Surry-hill railway station was broken into on Sunday morning, and £67 in cash carried off. A daring attempt was also made to break into a jewellery establishment. A meeting at South Melbourne last week decided that no Parliamentary candidate should receive their support unless he agreed to the cessation of the issue of naturalisation papers to Chinese and the increase of the poll tax to £100. A Melbourne contemporary alludes to minister who has just been appointed to a church at Whiltlesea as a " good man of the right sort." Are we to understand inferentially that the clergy generally are bad men of the wrong sort 1 The long list of recent burglaries in Melbourne has been added to l>y the robbery from the safe of the Surrey-hills railway station, on the Box-hill line, ot the sum of £67, in a manner almost identical with that adopted some time since at the Albert-park station. Meetings are being held in various parts of the colony in reference to giving railway lite passes to members of Parliament of seven years' standing- The actiou of members was universally condemned, and resolutions were passed calling upou the Assembly to rescind the resolution. The GroBvenor Gallery co'lcctioa of pictures which the Earl of Buckinghamshire has brought to Australia, will be exhibited shortly in a portion of the National Gallery which has been set apart for tbe occasion. The collection comprises 150 pictures—the work of foremost British artists. Just before the departure of tbe steamer Konoowarra for Sydney the detectives went on board and arrested three men who are suspected of having been implicated in some of the burglaries which have taken place in Melbourne recently. The prisoners were brought up at the City Court and reminded. The Railway Commissioners propose legislation fixing the maximum amount obtainable as compensation by the relatives of a person killed in a railway accident at £1000. Anyone who doesn't like to travel on these terms could be afforded opportunities ot increasing the maximum by a system ol insurance. The Post Office Department in Melbourne are arranging for a night 6taff to attend at the Telephone Exchange lor the special purpose of providing communication with the police and fire stations, and medical men in cases of emergency. It is considered that this plan will afford more efficient protection from crime. A boatman named Woodd bad a singular adventure recently. He pat off from Williams- town in a boat with one paddle, to board lighter. A strong wind blowing he was driven out past the breakwater. He was forced right down to Frankston beach, and the boat was da«hed to pieces in the surF. Woods managed to swim ashore uninjured. A deputation from a meeting of the Mel bourne unemployed waited upon the Minister of Works. They stated that there were several hundred men out of work, and re quested the Minister to find employment for them. Mr. Nimmo, in reply, said, that all works were let by contract. Tbe Government were providing as much work as possible, and they conld do no more. Mr. Anderson, the general traffic manager, and Mr. Watson, the engineer-in-chief, have reported to the Railway Commissioners on their examination of the lines in course of construction from Sale to Stratford, and from Maffra to the same place. Bjth lines, i seem*, will be completed and ready for open ing in a few weeks. The time allowed by contract ior tbe construction of both lines bas expired, but the delay is attributable to the heavy rainfall. It is generally believed that Mr. Speight, who has occupied tbe position of chairman of the Railway Commissioners since the end of 1883, is about to pay a brief visit to the old country. Mr. Speight finds that it is absolutely necessary in the interests of bis private affairs that he should be in England for three weeks or a month after the end of this year. He will therefore be granted four months' leave of absence, and will probably sail about the middle of next month for England. A gentleman was passing through the Carlton Gardens recently, when a dog which aa companied him startled a bird which was secreted in the grass. The gentleman discovered it to be a wild water-rail bird, and it is a very uncommon thing to see suib a one in these colonies, although it i* said to be well-known in New Zealand, and is somewhat similar to the corncrake which is to be found in England. The description of the bird is that it has a slate-colored breast, mottlebrown back, and beautiful brown wings. A curious incident occurred in connection with the attempted murder of Detective Nixon by Farrell in Melbourne last week. The bullet fired from tbe revolver by Farrell struck a pocketbook containing letters, photographs, &c.;, carried in the breast pocket of the detective, but did not enter his body. One photograph through which the bullet passed was that of a desperate criminal from New South Wales who is known to be at large in Victoria. The bullet went clean through the face of the photograph, but fortunately another copy can be procured. The comparative merits of the system of primary education in Victoria and New South Wales are to be made the subject of another report to the Minister of Education. The changes recently recommended by Mr. Broadrihb alter his visit to the schools of New South Wales are in the opinion ot tbe Minister of too sweeping a character to be adopted on the advice of one expert. Another gentleman of equal experience will be appointed to visit a number of schools in both colonies, and observe the methods of teaching, and note the results obtained. A lamentable death occurred last week at Brighton Beach, where Mr. Joseph Bell, of Bolton, and brother to the late Mr. Win. Bell (of Banks Bros., Bell, and Co), died from burns accidentally received. The deceased was subject to fits, and was seized with one of these and fell into the fire, and was not diecovered until injuries bad been received that eventually caused his death. Mr. Bell was a very wealthy gentleman, and made liberal gifts for both public and private purposes. He lately had left to him £158,000 bv his brother. A difficulty is being experienced in regard to the admission of female medical students at the University of Melbourne. The question in dispute is whether male and female students are to be taught side by side, or whether there should be separate classes for the two sexes. The council of the University held -a conference with the medical faculty. The latter expressed the opinion that if females were to learn medicine at all, they must be taught without regard to their sex, and be treated in all matters in exactly the same way as male students. No decision was arrived at. The Seymour Shire Council have asked the Minister of Public Works to induce the Government to expend between £400 and £500, to prevent damage being done to the township by the flood waters of the Goulburn It is said that unless effective meanR are adopted, the river will eventually cut off the township from the railway station. Mr. Nirnino bas promised on receipt of the plans of the proposed works, to communicate with the Railway Department, which is also interested, in order to ascertain whether arrangements can be made to obviate the threatened danger. A fatal accident happened to El ward Elliott, a farmer", of Wooragee, near Beechworth, on the 29:h inst. E'liott was on his way from Tumbarumba to his home for the purpose of attending the funeral of bis wile, who died in childbirth the previous night, and whose decease bad bsen communicated' to him by telegram. He was accompanied by his brother, and Ihey changed horses at Middle Creek. Upon arriving within six or seven miles of Wooragee, the horse ridden by Elliott bolted, throwing his rider violently. Elliott never recovered consciousness, and died on Friday morning. The deceased leaveB four children. The prisoners Farrell, Cohen, and Coleman arrested by the detectives at Fitzroy and bus' pected of burglary, were brought before the focal bench. Farrell was charged with shooting at Detective Nixon with intent to kill and the others as vagranta. A remand was granted for a week. Cohen and Coleman were allowed out on heavy bail, Farrell being ordered to gaol. Farrell, when interrogated, declared that he had no intention of shooting Nixon, and fired on the impulse of the moment Cohen stated that he new nothing about Farrell's antecedents. He was only a lodger in the house. Coleman also denied any acquaintance with Farrell. The goods found in the house were stated not to be the pro ceeds of robberies. The Minister of Public Works has received a petition signed by 32 out of 40 residents in the parish of Katandra, in the shire of Yarrawonga, desiring to be severed and annexed to the northern riding of the shire ot Shepparton. They urge as reasons that they are only 12 miles from Shepparton, while they are 30 miles distant from Tuogamab, the nearest township of importance in the Yarrawonga district. They point out that all their com- mercial interests lie at the former place, and giveas an additional reason that the council projose to construct a tramway from Katamatite to Dookie, to which they are opposed, but are numerically insufficient to make that opposition effective. The Minister has gazetted the petition, and after the statutory number of days he will appoint a time to bear parties for and against the proposal It is announced that a new description of postal card is to be issued for use in Victoria within the next few weeks. The new cards in shape will resemble reply post-cards, but the edges of three sides will be gummed, so that when the card is folded the written communication will be concealed and no envelope re> quired. The surface available (or writing will be double that provided by the present penny post-cards, and the cost to the public is to be fixed at l£d. each. The cards only bear a penny stamp, so that practically purchasers will pay the odd half-penny for the stationery involved. Of course, tbe letter cards, as they are called, and which are already in use in other countries, will be a convenience to the public, and for a variety of business purposes will serve quite as well as ordinary letters, with a saving of 25 per cent, on the postage. The Ballarat Evening Post says:—"The serious results attending the foolhardy practice of' playing ghost,' and similar antics, are exemplified in the case of a young woman named Smith, aged 19 years, a resident of Eureka-Btreet, who now lies in a vpry dangerous condition from the effects of a fright It seems that at about 10 o'clock on Friday night last she was returning home from a temperance meeting, in company with her sister, when they were met by a man, masked in Borne hideous manner, and who approached Miss Smith with the intention of laying hands upon her. She screamed, and made her way home, which she reached in a condition bordering upon insanity, and has since been seized with 12 fits of a very painful nature. Dr. Low is in attendance, and as the patient has developed suicidal tendencies, she is watched night and day." The Sale correspondent of the Melbourne Age reports that William Cullen, a navvy employed on the Narracan railway works, was charged with maliciously assaulting his wife, Harriet Cullen, on the 18th July last, at Narracan. Cullen has been in the Sale gaol for the past three months, and remanded weekly in consequence of his wife being unconscious during almost the whole of that time. When arrested at Narracan, Cullen made a statement to the effect that believing his wife was misconducting herself with another navvy, when a party of navvies were drinking at a shanty, he took up a stick and struck her on the head with it. The woman, on being led into court appeared to be very ill, and is totally blind from the effects of the blow. It would also appear that her memory had failed her, as she could not remember anything beyond having had some drink on Friday evening, and then waking up in the Gippsland Hospital. Two important witnesses, who were subpoenaed, did not put in an appearance, so that the case was adjourned at this stage for one week, and warrants will be issued for the apprehension of the two witnesses. The Church of England Messenger for September writes :-« The Cathedral Erection Board have good grounds for hoping that the cathedral in Melbourne may be ready for opening some time in next year, though hardlv as soon as was at first anticipated. It is estimated that, over and above the £8000 promised but pot yet received, about £22,000 will be required to complete the building and put it m a ht state for divine service. That is surely not too large an amount to expect from the churchmen of the diocese in the centennial year of the Australian church. Our fellowchurchmen m the diocese of New South Wales are sangnme of raising £200,000 by way of marking their double jubilee. They have indead a more direct historical interest in the thP ! ,n7 - diocese in these n colonies t h a n is interested h a v e b n t in this high anniversary, and the largest and richest of the * ° pioneer church of Sydney f S W £ ^ tke amount of her thank-offerings. D O n e o f t It h e is m i hoped n that all the windows may be provided for by private *For - f lftfl the large bave already been promised. o m e eastern window a liberal donor in Sydney has forwarded the sum of £500." The Customs authorities were curiously'led astray during last week. A tide waiter sta- [ turned at Williamstown on Friday saw a man leave one of the ships lying at the railway pier with a Gladstone bag in his hand, and walk lapidly in the direction of the railway station. The officer, suspecting that aa attempt was being made to pass uncustomed goods, followed the man, and when near the railway station, demanded that the bag should bo opened for inspection. The request was complied with, and the bag was found to be filled with jewellery. The explanation given by the owner was that the goods were his, having been purchased from a firm of jewellers in Melbourne, whose name he placed at the disposal of the officer. This story, however, was not thought to be credible, and the goods were accordingly detained on the ground that they had been illegally removed from a vessel. The seizure was subsequently reported to the Customs authorities, Melbourne, who instituted inquiries as to the bona fides of the owner. It was then discovered that h>s statement was correct, that tbe jewellery bad been bought in Melbourne, and that the purchaser simply visited the ships at Williamstown in order to hawk the articles among the officers and crews. Under these circumstances the articles were returned, and an apology was tendered for their seizure. One of the best methods of " improving the occasion" (says the Ballarat Courier) was that displayed by a well-known publican in Sturtstreet last Sunday eveni ng. At about 9 o'clock a lad about 12 years of age entered the side door of the hotel with a bottle, and asked the suave landlord to supply him with a pint of beer, there being at that time about half-adozen visitors in the back bar. Instead, however, of supplying the beer, the gentle landlord took the boy by the hand and conducted him in front of the hotel to the footpath, which at the time was crowded by church-goers returning home. Here the landlord " bailed up" the boy, and lectured him at some length on the wisdom of the Legislature in prohibiting Sunday trading, and the iniquity of the lad in tempting law-abiding publieans to break tbe statute. He concluded his dissertation to the lad by advising him to be a good boy and be happy. The effect was most impressive on the passers-by, who doubtless thought if all landlords were such as he, there would be no necessity for restrictions in respect to Sunday trading. However, the good and genial host was only playing one of his " little games," for he immediately returned to the back bar, and on entering addressed his visitors thus?— Now, gentleman, what can I do for youi" " WhiBky and soda" was the response, and duly supplied. Mr. Squire Aspinall, the secretaiy to the Shire of Nunawading, bas recently been nndet suspension, and a special meeting was held last week to consider tbe reasons which led to his suspension. Councillor Bishop moved that the meeting stand adjourned until the date of the ordinary meeting. He stated that he was authorised to say that it was the intention of the secretary to tender his resignation at that meeting. The motion was seconded by Councillor Dyer and adopted. It is understood the circumstances leading to Mr. Aspinall's suspension were that in the early part of August he presented a return to the council showing that the outstanding rates were £359 15s. lid., including amounts of arrears, some of which had been standing over for 20 years. An investigation of the varioup financial statements showed that that there ehould be a sum in excess of the amount mentioned, and a spec'al audit of the books of the shire was then ordered, and was subsequently made by Mr. J. J. Munro, in conjunction with the secretary. The statement of Mr. Munro showed that the amount of the outstanding rates ought to be £510 14s. Mr. Aspinall declined to sign this report, but admitted that he had made reductions in rating where be considered he had previously made excessive valuations to the extent of about £20. It was on the strength ot this report that Mr. Aspinall was suspended. An actiou was brought in the County Court Melbourne, a few days since, in which Joseph Fowler, a boy 16 years of age, son of Mrs. Elizabeth Fowler, of Rathdowne-street, North Carlton, Bued Alexander Mackay, of Queen'sterrace, South Melbourne, for £250 damages for assault It appeared from the evidence for the plaintiff that he was, on the 7th July last, residing in South Melbourne with a relative, when be was challenged to fight by Ernest Mackay, a boy about 13 years of age,'a brother of the defendant. Mackay asked him to fight with one hand, while he (Mackay) used two, and when they were fighting plaintiff hit Mackay on the eye, and blackened it. On the same night the defena P Park-street, l h e l a i n t i f f South Melbourne, and struck him in the mouth, knocking out two of his teeth, tie (defendant) also injured plaintiff on the chest, and knocked him down and kicked him lae plaintiff was BO much hurt that he could not attend the grammar school of which he was a pupil until five weeks after the assault. The delence was that Alexander Mackay was told that the plaintiff had assaulted his young brother and had given him a black eye, and that when the defendant spoke to the plaintiff about the assault the latter was very abusive! and called the defendant a coward. The defendant then hit the plaintiff iu the mouth! ?h.„ J -f aching more than strike e U one i e d blow h at e d him. i d The can- wZ heard before his Honor Judge MoS^orth and a jury of four, and the jury retSf. satfsfonHnn r l n t ? - c o u r t by defendant as a s s a s a a r h e m i g h t ^ 