The] Bomance of a Bottle. Tte hou* had formerly h«en infaBbited by a pain ter; aad tba studio, wbieh spread ita gaunt uaahapen length along the southern wall ol the neglected garden, bad been given over to she old maa that he might divert himself ia it aa ho pleased, (without fear of domestic invasion. Evidently it was a place where tba intruding foot of wife or house* kasper wu nerer suffered-a forlorn disor- dered pleas-dark, too, for the great window wu all smirched and blind with dust, and serape of paper with queer, eahalistio devisee were stuck all over tho panes, and raia showers, charged with soot, had blurred it, till it wu almost opaque. It wu a long aad lofty room. Dim corners were spun all across with cobweb ; dark blotches of some long dried chemical fluid, like old blood-stains, showed upon the bare flooring ; and a little ridge of dort OB either side of a smooth path some two and a half feet wide, running the length ol tte eastern wall, marked the course trodden by the old man"wben he paced his workshop in thought or meditation. The rest ol the floor wu covered by a fine layer of dust. The old maa himself wu just the kind of an old man whom you would have expected to find 'in soch a place. The brown and wrinkled akin wtt stretched tightly over his forehead and the upper part of a skull, which ascended to a sort of blunted point. From toe eyes there radiated a light of al- most unnatural brilliancy, in eagerness, a curiosity, and a painful restlessness glittered I in them, and they appeared never to take in the half of what they longed to see. The old man wu an alchemist-probably the lut of the line. . The old alchemist in ihe studio had tried honestly, in hie day, to make gold ont of lead, and out of stones, plants, and heaven knows what other things; be had hispowder of projection and his metals ; his erueible,hia furnace, Ind a poker of the proper sort, like tbs other alchemists : but be bad not made any gold. Ten fruitless yean had he spent in the endeavor to produce it by technical and prescribed processes of separation, of maturation, and of traasmutation ; and then, on a day in bright midwinter, it flashed upon bim, with tho dasxle aad shock of inspira- tion, that tho thing which, above all things abe, it behoved him to discover and make perfect, for the good of himself and his fellow- men, wu that grand and infallible dissolvent of Paracelsus and Yan Helmont, the true and cady elixir, which conferral1 immortality on mestala. Day by day, amid the shadowy silence that would han oppressed a student lees utterly absorbed, the old man read between the yellow Borers of frowsy volâmes. Often from dawn to dark, aad tar on into the night, not a sound would bo beard in the chamber save the rustle ot the leaves u be turned them over, one by one. None visited him, none saw him, or had , a word of bim. Ha sat alone, amid tbs ghosts ot a hundred generations of alchemists, whom be had summoned from tho vasty deep, to teach lum that secret of lifo which death had tagght to them. Yet, amid tba dusky atiUness of that dead Chamber, then wu a lifekss thing that seemed to watch-now mockingly, and now i ia sympathy-the leta, rapt figure of the j alchemiüt. Thia thing that had DO Ufa in it was a bottle-a plain, narrow-necked vessel of pale green glass, which spirit-mereh-uits had ones been wont to fill with extravagant liquor. Yon cannot surround with the feeblest halo of romance a bottle such as this. It had stood at the elbow of the host on the supper- tables. Waiters, with napkins on their arms, had placed it there at the eleventh hoar, and guests wbo had previously drank their fill of other liquors had welcomed it aa an aid and stimulus toJUgestion. What irony ot cir* eamstancea bad caused thia bottle, when emptied last, to be transported here, to the studio of an aged alchemist than whom no Nazarito had more rigorously abstained from elevating drink? Many bottles ot vario aa shapes stood about upon the floor, most of which contained some dark and subtle poison scarce known to modern science. The pale-green bottle stood alone ia the embrasure ota window, and held, dissolved in liquid, one of the deadliest drugs that man baa yet chanced upon, in this or any age, It bad baan rudely stopped, in the al* chemist's unthinking haste, with a thick plug of writing paper, which, with unintentional aad quite unconscious art, bio fingers had fashioned into tho quaint and grinning like- ness ot a haman face. At last tho alchemist mastered the hitherto inviolable secret ot the elixir ot life. Quick upon this stroke of thia immense dis- covery carno a warning from within that bis own days were numbered. Waa he then to die before he eoold prepare hie elixir of life? His spirit was not dashed, for very curi- ously his deairer of life ceased with his con- viction that there wu a means of cheating death. What ho longed for BOW, WU time wherein to perfect his kJMwMge, that hap- pier men might profit by it So he toiled afresh, that he might win his secret to the noa of posterity. It wu spring, and the daylight lengthened. Sunshine and budding hedges comforted the world, and nature herself seemad willing to assist the drooping alchemist. Bat one night he wu seized with sudden faintness, and Bank half- dead from lack of sustenance, whilst the experiment was in the middle stage. A month later, he had a similar, but sharper and more exhausting seizure; and then he began to know he should not live to make good the secret of the elixer. Day followed day; the san grew warmer, and the blood in the alchemist's veins grew colder. One morning the paper stopper of the bottle, contracting in the sun's rays, fell out on to the dost of the floor. In the genial warmth the liquid elementa within were slowly evaporated ; and the drag crystallized in minute and almost colorless prisms on the sides and bottom of the bottle. Not all the softness of spring, and her breath, that made the bude unfold, could arouse again the fading fires in the withered body of the alchemist. Life was passing quickly, from him who had been the only liv- ing thing in the now deserted Btudio. He crawled no step back opon the road to health, and before the summer wu established he died. Feet that had not entered there before now, trampled tho dust of the studio. All wu confusion, uglier a- great deal than the care leas disarray amid which the student had fondly worked. Auctioneers' clerks esme, and made their inventory of the dead man's poor belongings. They attached stout labels to articles of furniture which one smart rap ot the salesman's hammer would have shivered into fragments. The only objects left untouched were a heap of old bottles in a corner beneath the window, on which the dost of years had formed a coarse and solid ernst-these and the. solitary bottle in the window. They were not worth aplaca in the catalogue, nor a labil. The morning after tba sale, a fat, untidy cleaning woman strode into the room;followed at a distance which indicated fear if not re- spect, by her husband, a retired or super- annuated eostermonger. The great, red ey« of the cleaning-woman ranged the area ol thc studio, and noting such perquisites as the remover had left ber, she indicated them to her husband, who collected and stowed them in his büket In the course of time the whole of this collection reacted thc sorting yard of a rag, bone, and bottle mer chant. Here the articles were sorted accord- ing to their kind, and presently an even row of black bottteB, and another row of sea-green bottles, showed in what manner order might be evolved out of chaos. The bottles arrived eventually at the bottle cleaning yard of a well-known spirit-mach ant, where they received a plentiful ablotior ot warm water within and without. This spirit-merchant wu a person of great talent in his calling, who, by judicious blending anc treatment, could produce a port of recognized standing and condition, effective for use upoi a given night. The bottles passed from the hands of thi washer, having undergone u effectual i cleaning u the skill of that functionarj eoold compass. Outwardly they were no« all alike. I Bhall, however, select one ol these bottles, and that not at random, noi without design, and shall give it hencefortl a place of its own in this story. It waa i pale green bottle of ordinary size and shape it had passed through many hands, and ha< been preserved unbroken amid scenes o great diversity, since last it stood in thi spirit merchant's yard. It wu, in short the bottle which stood in the window ot th old alchemist's studio. The aMutionary rite to which it had been subjected had not dis solved the minute colorless particles inti which its .deadly contents had crystallize* under the sun's warmth. They still dun; to the sides and bottom of the bottle, a potent u before of swift and horrible dei traction. Spirit would have dissolved then in a few seconds-water touched them not This bottle then, wu carried presently wit! its companions to an' upper room in th spirit-merchant's estabUsbment where the ai wu weighted with tha odor ot rich liquon and processes beautiful in their delicacy an mystery were performed by talented and ri spectable persona during the hours from nin tul six. Here, when all wu prepared, tb bottle received an exceedingly choice bleu of old liqueur-brandy. It waa then oorkec sealed, labelled, and properly bestowed in ar other department of she house. It re maine there during some weeks, wheo it wu one more removed, in the company ot others, t the well- chosen cellar of Mr. Theodore, tb wealthy and distinguished amateur. The came under the affectionate care ot Mr. Din mick, the butler. " These bottles arrive mo opportunely," said Slr. Dimmick u he ui packed them. And so in fact they did, f< Mr. Theodore waa giving, at the end ot th week, one of the graceful suppers he so muc affected, to tbe members of a liberal profei sion. Twenty actors, the moat renowned i London, would appear at his board at mi< night .on the following Saturday, for the ii vitations had been accepted to a man. Preceded by his pantryman, who carrie the case apon his shoulders, Mr. Dimmic t descended the steps of tho cellar, oountir each step alouiin his progress, aa his bab was. One by one, in an ample bed ot sat , dost on a vacant shelf, thc careful mind« \ butler placed the bottles. The Bottle wi laid the last but one in the upper layer, i the end nearest to the right hand of a perse entering the cellar. Mr. Dimmick then BU veyed his arrangement of the bottles, and se ing that it wu good, be withdrew. The day ot the supper arrived, and i eleven in the evening Mr. Theodore issui from his club, called a cab, and was drivi to his residence, a costly and comfortab house in one of the most agreeable quarte of the town. He weet at once to the drain I loom, where be poseed » few minutes in eriti- i i eal study of the table and sideboard. One or I j two of his rarer vintages, destined for an ad- vanced and marvellous stage- of the feast, wera displayed upon the latter; bot Mr.Theo dore remarked with surprise the absence of a particular bottle, toward which his fancy had affectionately projected itself during bis drive from the club. He sommoned his butier,*nd in terms of lenient reproach discovered to bim the deficiency. Mr. Dimmick apologized, could not imagine how he had contrived to be so neglectful, and, retiring in contusion sank gravely into tbe fragrant shades of the cellar. Going to the shelf where he had de- posited the contents of the newly arrived ease of Uqueur-brandies, he took the first bottle in the upper layer. Holding it in the wary manner of one who understands how fine liquor should be earned, he waa about to commence bis ascent, when he reflected that one bottle would but just make the round of the table. ,: A glass apiece ; and such a very fine liqueur ! They will want another," said Mr. Dimmick. He went baokto tbs shelf and took, another, which- waa The Bottle. With the two bottles under his arm ha re- turned to the dining-room, and the master commended the thoughtfulness ot his servant. It wanted ten. minutée of midnight aa Mr. Theodore crossed the spacious half which separated the dining room from the drawing-room. In front cf a noble Vene- tian mirror, framed in chased and burnished silver, he gave the final aet to hie tie, and smoothed away from thc neighborhood of hie waistband the solitary wrinkle which fretted the fair furfaoe ot his satin waist- coat. Standing there, he beheld, with smooth and kindly gaze, a form which waa neither youthful nor too mature, bot which combined, with the admirable elegance ot twenty, the cultured and slightly moro philosophic repose of forty-eight. Mr. Theodore waa a man who spent tho fortune which bis fathers had made for him, upon principles which aimed at securing his own contentment in the first place, and, in the second, the approval of that section of society which pleased him beat. A marked tendency to selfishness, plainly in- dicated by the shape of the nose as seen in i profile, waa partially corrected by the genial I and humor-loving curves of the mouth. Mr. I Theodore spoke in somewhat florid though I nicely balanced tones, which he could shift with admirable art so aa to harmonize them with those ot the person to whom he ad- dressed himself. He tamed from the con- templation ot bis person on hearing the ar- rival of his first guest. At a quarter after midnight sapper was served. It was a rare meal. The host had been a traveller in macy lands, and waa a happy and versatile story teller. He told tales, which his talent for mimicry sharpened to the point of wit, of the theatres of thi East ; of sitting cross leged in the rashes or the floor cf the play-house of Japan; of tak ing surreptitious lessons in the Nautch fron the favorite dancer of a Maharajah ; he rani a comic song from an Indian farce, whicl was very like an Indian dirge ; and sabas qaently performed the all but incredible tea of condensing into half a dozen sentence! the plot of a Chinese tragedy which had occu pied a manta in representation. lu jest and anecdote the guests match« their host featly. Think of the genios ani talent of the London stage concentrated ronni a supper-table, each man of them an acto who stood in the eye ot the public, the et* of his particular theatre, a trained humorist I a theatric Mesmer able at will to dissolve ii I tears or freeze with horror an entire audience I a greet declaimer-or at poorest, a magnifi I cent Apollo for whom countless ladies night!; I sighed themselves to sleep. Fired by gooi ! wine, and the desire to please, each guee poured forth his best, and the host by exhorta tion and example incited his friends to treal endeavor. In this blithe way they lengthenei out the hours, and the gilt clock in the hal chimed halt-past two. " Dimmick,'' eai< Mr. Theodore to bis butler, "you may go ti bed." Mr. Dimmick gratefully made bia bo* and retired. He had scarcely closed the door upon hin self when Theodore noticed that the liquen had not been served. He mentioned the eh cumstance to bia guests, with an apology, an added : " By your leave, gentlemen, I'll sen the liqueur myself." He rose, and crossed t the sideboard where, amid a noble array c .glasses and flagons of all sizes and chapel stood the two bottles containing the nf liqueur-brandy. " I should rather like your judgment on liqueur-brandy I have here, gentlemen," sai Mr. Theodore. " 1 have not yet tasted it mj self, but it comes to me with a high recon inondation.'' He took ap one of the bottli as he spoke, and was already drawing tb cork. That done, he touched the mooth i the bottle with a clean napkin, and the made the round of the table, filling each glai aa he passed. Coming to his own place at tl top, he poured cat with a flourish the hal glass which waa ali that remained ot tbepaj golden fluid. " Now, gentlemen ! Before I fulfil my pn mise, your judgments all, if yon please," e; claimed Mr. Theodore, lifting bis own glai in challenge to his guests. Every one at tl table raised and drank off his glass. M Theodore alone paused for a moment, i note the first expression on the face, of b friends. What horrid sound was that ? A crash fallen glass, followed by groans and criée men in agony. Mute and stiff with horre the host clutched with both hands at the tab and stared before bim and around him. In the first stage ot fear a man's streng is often trebled ; in the last stage, when fe is no longer fear, but has merged in sheer,] sistless terror, the muscles become as jell i and the body sinks an inert mass to t ground. By desperate exertion of will t master of the house saved himself from tl state ot utter helplessness, but more he cot not do. His tongue waa riven against 1 palate^-be stood speechless and stared but eyes grown almost vacant I What wu UH he glared at? Was it death, or but a vision of dost The jest wu scarcely dry oa these men's li -did they eonnterfeit dissolution u a bet jest than all? Not Death had them all bia grip-they were dying ia most cruel t ment 1 One by one, u hie convois straggles ceased, saab guest tell do athwart, alongside, ox beneath tho table ; a still tho miserable boat stood there, rii and gray with fright, and watched the ghai play. His brain wu mailing-bia hoad grew I to borst-madness would have seized b next. He wrenched himself together, i staggered towards the door. The bell-n I wu close against it-he caught at it, aw ' fearful peal echoed through the house. ! A few moments elapsed, in wbieh it aeon ! to the wretched creature that all eternity i exhausted; and then there wu a noise off pattering along an upper corridor, down ?tara, and uro« the hall, He, meanwh had scratched a line in pencil on the back a visiting-card, and thia he thrust into hands ot the first servant who aproad bim. "Take it and ron," he said,hoarsely ; " F-" (Banting tho first physician in town). " Go u il the devil himself wert your heels. And yon, this,'' be said to other, to whom he gave a card for hie < physician, who lived bard by. " The reef bed again 1" He bad BOW regained e< nerve, but stood aahen-whito oa tho th bold of the dining-room barring all antra there. Through the silent streets, whitening « the dawn, two carriages wen presently d ing at full speed in ena direction. Thema of in? house west out to meet the doctors, led them the room of death. Bot it waa too late. The play waa played ont. Each ol taoaemcirT guests had been a dead man for ' half an hoar. 