¿LATEST smuL mm. [Froh Grevillea Telegram Co.] SYDNEY. Wednesday, lodged 12 ; received 3. Ata meeting of the Tender Board, in connection with the Department of Public Works, the follow- ing were opened : Supply of 20,000 bricks at Tam- worth or East Tamworth station, four tenders ; for the supply of 3,000 railway sleepers, Narrabri, Tarra wan, or Boggabri stations, 10 tenders; for the supply at Bullock Island Dyke Wharf of 6000 railway sleepers, 17 tenders. ( A large and enthusiastic meeting of those interested in the formation of a daily paper to be published in Sydney in the interests of Protection was yesterday held in the new Masonic Hall, under the chairmanship of Mr. Abbott, M.P. Amongst thoBO present were Messrs. Gárvan, Dibbs, Lyne, Toohey, and Fletcher M's.P. A re- solution in favour of the object of the meeting was carried unanimously. The chief feature of the gathering was a long speech by Mr. Dibbs, in which that gentleman amidst the cheers of the audience announced his conversion from free trade to pro- tection. During the meeting, the speakers made severe attacks on the free-trade press. i Taking of evidence for defendant in the railway arbitration case concluded yesterday, the .court having sat sixty days. The arbitrators will at once proceed to consider their award. The Central Committee of the Bulli Fund are advertising for authentic information regarding ten of the men killed in the late explosion. The Premier left Sydney last evening for Molong, where he will to-day lay the foundation-stone of a new hospital. Lord Carrington and Sir Henry Loch arrived at Deniliquin yesterday. After being formally wel- comed at the railway station, Lord Carrington was driven to the Town Hall,' where he was presented with an address. The Casual Labour Board yesterday sent 35 men to different parts of the colony, and to-day expect to send 20 navvieB to Bungendore railway works. The celebration of the 25th anniversary of the Rev. Dr. Steel's pastorate drew a large audience to St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church last night, in- cluding leading ministers of all denominations. During the evening Dr. Steel was presented with threo addresses and a purse of sovereigns. A whale, 25 feet in length, was captured near Clarence Heads on Monday. The Minister of Works yesterday informed a deputation that he thought the Gosford to Waratah railway would be ready for opening by the middle of August. For his part in the assault «n Sergeant Healy during the Kiama stabbing affray. George Britton was yesterday sentenced to six months' imprison- ment. For stabbing Constable Miller he was com- mitted for trial. Received, 6.40 p.m. On the wharves there was an increased supply of Hunter River lucerne hay forward. Prime quali- ties sold at 30s to 50s per ton ; maize, 2s 6d per bushel j cape barley, 3s 3d ; feed oats, 2s 2d ; seed oats, 2s 6d ; bran and pollard, 9d to 9Jd ; Circular Head potatoes, ¿83 to ¿83 5s per ton ; Launceston, ¿83; New Zealand, ¿82 5s to ¿82 10s ; Melbourne onions, ¿83 to ¿83 5s ; swede turnips, ¿82 ; Victorian oaten chaff, ¿85 to ¿85 15s ; butter in keg, Is 3d; fnetory Is 4d to Is 5d per lb. ; eggs, Is 3d per dozen, cheese, colonial 3d to 5d, New Zealand ditto dull, 4d to 6d per lb. ; bacon, 6d to 8d ; ham, 8d to Is ; lard, 4d to 5d ; honey, 4d to 5d j bees wax, lOd to ' Is per lb. . | The Premier laid the foundation stone of the Molong Hospital this morning. He was enthusiasti- cally received in town. Beports from the quarantine station contain nothing further than that the small-pox patients continue in steady progress towards recovery. The Minister of Mines (Mr. Abigail) and the J Minister of Justice (Mr. Clarke) left here this evening for Melbourne in connection with the pro- posed visit to Ballarat and Adelaide. At Ballarat they will inspect the mines and agricultural schools for the purpose of obtaining information which may ¡ be applied to this colony. In connection with the recent pearl shelling disaster in Western Australia, a telegram was re- ceived thiB morning that the steamer Osprey has been found in ten fathoms of water, twelve miles from the pearling ground. The evidence in the railway arbitration case closed this afternoon, but the decision of the arbitrators is not likely to be made known for several days. The Penrith ghost business ia causing consider- able excitement. All sorts of rumours are afloat, but nothing definite will be known until the inquest on Friday. The annual exhibition of the New South Wales poultry and dog society opened to-day and promises to be a great success. 