The Novelist. THE GHOST OF DIMPLETON CHAPTER II. LANE. I opened my eyes and looked up. The great yellow eyes were still glowering down upon me ; but tlie ghost seemed to be fumbling for something in its breast, and I thought I sa w something flash like bright steel. Whai could it be 1 Was it a knife 1 Was I to be butchered in my helplessness? My blood rancoldatthe thought. I was about to cry out foi help when 1 suddenly remembered Lion. Snatching my whistle quick as thought from a pocket that was happily free, I put it to my lips, and managed to sound it feebly before it was plucked from my hands again. The gliost evidently thought the sound too slight to attract attention, for it kept its position ; but Lion's quick ear had heard the familiar signal, and in little more than a minute was at my adversary's throat, and would have torn it open had I not restained him. It was the ghost's turn to feol himself helpless in the presence of superior brute force, and as he lay ou the grass with Lion standing over him he begged for mercy most piteousty in accents not only human but somewhat familiar to me. " Well," 1 said, the dog shall not harm you but you must give me some explanation of this strange affair before I can let you go, or else I shall feel bound to put you in the hands of the police. " But take that frightful shroud off, and that hideous mask—if mask it be—and then I shall know what or to whom I am talking." He slipped the shroud off at once, but the ghastly foce looked into mine to the end of our interview. He had anointed it with some kind of preparation that could not be removed except by c&ftain; applications he had at home. When he had thus partially thrown off his disguise, and commenced to talk in his natural voice, 1 recognised him as a slight acquaintance. " What in the world inpde you set up for a ghost and frighten folks out of their senses V I said. Why, that lettercarrier and many another body will walk that lane in fear and trembling for the rest of their lives. You made a fine sensation." " Well," he replied, " if ya'll nobbut keep my secret a little bit lunger, I'll promise th' ghooast'll never be sin agen wlien awve sarved my ends." I agreed to this if the explanation proved satisfactory. He had rented an old orchard in Dimpleton Lane, but being close to the road,and unguarded by any house, passers-by took the liberty of helping themselves so freely that, for a year or two, scarcely an apple had been left for himself. Wondering what he should do, one day the thought struck him that he would dress himself as a ghost and make a few appearances near the orchard to get it the reputation of being haunted. His i use had succeeded beyond expectation. Superstition had proved a more effectual guard than padlock or hedge of thorn of holly. He said he had not assumed the ghost an hour too soon, for the very first night he had hardly got into the orchard when a big fellow entered at the other end with a basket, and prepared to climb a tree. He was off over the fields like a shot when saw a white figure moving towards him and left his basket behind him. His trick had been nearly discovered one night, however, when he had been withstood and followed by a solitary traveller. He only just managed to escape. When I told him I was that traveller, and inquired where he had disappeared so suddenly, he took me to a large hollow, something like a huge rabbit burrow, at the root of a thorn bush, the mouth of which was well screened with brambes. Here lie could lie down at full length, quite safe from observation. " But vhat were you groping for in your breast when you had me on the ground V' I said. He seemed greatly tickled at this question, and laughed outright. " Come," I went on, " it's no laughing matter, my good fellow, or rather it was not so to me a few minutes ago. Why, when I saw something gleam I thought it was a knife with whicli you were about to maim or murder me." " Why, I wor nobbut feelin' f r r me ankecher ; and th' breet thing wor nobbut a brass button," and theli he laughed again, and this time I joined him. It was now nearing midnight, and as I had been out nearly au hour, I felt I must go in at once if I would prevent suspicion. In bidding the ghost good-night I freely forgave him the bruises I had received in my fall, for the cleverness of his stratagem, and I promised to keep his secret until his purpose was accomplished. True to the promise, the apparition ceased when the apples were gathered. And now several years having passed since it was " laid," I feel free to tell the story of " The Ghost of Dimpleton Lane." [TIIE END] 