NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. A spiritual police case. Adelaide footballers back. Defeat but spurs our Sellar on. A strong request to Mr. Copley. Salvationists will not offend again. The ghost tracker, Kirkham Evans. German squadron arrived at Sydney. Sellar out for the Legislative Council. Mr. J. Varley, S.M., is dead, aged 56. Chinese Commissioners coming next week. New Zealand Parliament prorogued to-day. Lady Sturt, widow of the explorer, is dead. Melbourne Opposition distressed for orators. Archbishop Carr says Adelaide is a beautiful city. Kirkham Evans has a good deal of negative evidence. The Victorian Government are sure of a majority. Murray and Baker have taken honors at Cambridge. Some cases of disgraceful packing at the Exhibition. Sir G. W. des Voeux is made Governor of Hongkong. A big gathering of royalties in London on Jubilee day. Geneva being manufactured wholesale in New South Wales. Tasmanians disapproving of Chinese and prison competition. Illicit stills in Victoria and New South Wales being raided. Twenty-six thousand Russians advancing towards Afghanistan. A reef struck 1,400 feet below the surface at Harrietville, Victoria, A successful operation on the throat of Germany's Crown Prince. Parnell and his followers will not attend the Westminster Abbey Jubilee service. A Sydney alderman says the Queen is spend- ing nothing of her hoarded millions. Sydney Town Council will not illuminate the Town Hall on the Queen's Jabilee day. The captain of the German warship Olga died just before entering Sydney heads. The city coroner says 13 heads are better than one head, i.e., his own Cela va sans dire, Mr. Ward. What a reception Kirkham Evans will get in another world from those he has been trying to make out frauds. How wrong of Alderman Young, of Sydney, to talk of the Queen hoarding up millions and spending nothing. Is this not high treason? When playing the Adelaides the Fitzroys had 21 men up to the time of kicking two goals. According to the rules of football those goals should have been forfeited. The number of ladies in America who have taken to whipping male persons with cow- hides is steadily on the increase, says an American contemporary. It is hardly safe to wear hats and coats in these later days. Miss Alice Longfellow is one of the officers of the Society for the Collegiate Instruction of Women, and is often at the Harvard Annexe building, where, they say, she is regarded by the students with love amounting almost to reverence. A leaking oil pipe recently caused the oil to float on the water of New York harbor, which caught fire from a passing tugboat. The burning oil-field partly destroyed two New York Central railway piers, causing a loss of 100,000 dollars. The English House of Commons recently spent more than half a day discussing an item involving £10. A disgusted member offered to pay the £10 himself if his doing so would expediate matters, but his proposition was looked on as revolutionary. Mr. John Bright, apropos of free trade and protection, remarks—"The protectionists in the United States are burdened with a large surplus revenue." We wish (says the London Glebe) freetraders on this side of the pond could point to the same oppressive state of things. Mr. Dwight L. Moody was dubbed "Dr." at Chicago the other day by the Rev. Dr. Man- deville, who added in explanation that he thought it high time the colleges stopped giving that title to those who only doctored theology and gave it instead to those who saved souls. Poor Mr. Ruskin. In an advanced English school the question was asked in examination "What do you know of John Ruskin?" One replied that he was lately Prime Minister; another that he was editor of Punch, and a third that he was a gentleman who wrote for Punch and used bad language. The late General Farre, who was French Minister of War from 1879 to 1881, used to be, in the days of his Tunisian expedition, called General Far Niente by his political opponents. It was he who abolished the use of drums in the French army, but his successor restored them, and Gentral Farre's remains were borne to the tomb to the sound of muffled drums. The astounding statement is made by the Chicago Journal of Commerce that fresh rail- way constructions to the extent of 21,347 miles is projected in the United States, and that 15,000 miles will be laid down this year. New rails are required for existing lines to the extent of 9,000 miles, and altogether 3,250,000 tons of steel rails are needed this year. Lespes, the once famous barber of Paris, is dead. His shop was once the matutinal resort of the literary and artistic celebrities of the day, as well as a local landmark for foreign tourists and provincials. The interior of the shop was not only decorated with sketches by well-known artists, but was also embellished with scraps of prose and verse, contributed by some of the leading litterateurs of France. It was Lespes who invented the famous Portugal decoction with which French coiffeurs anoint the heads of their customers, and he actually received on this account the riband and cross of the Order of Christ from Dom Luiz of Portugal. He was prosecuted, however, for wearing the riband, as it was like that of the Legion of Honor. There is a newspaper museum in Aachen, or Aix-la-Chapelle, Germany, whose directors are anxious to possess a copy of every rare journal. They recently wrote a courteous letter to the editor of L'Avenir du Tonkin, the journal founded by the French in Hanoi after the con- quest of Tonquin, requesting him kindly and out of collegiality to present two numbers to the museum. They received a letter, of which the following is a translation:—"Hanoi, January 14, 1887. To the manager of the Zeitungs Museum, in Aix-la-Chapelle.—I thank you for giving me an opportunity of making myself disagreeable to the Germans, and inform you that I refuse to send you the two numbers of L'Avenir du Tonkin which you wished to possess. Receive the assurance of my implacable hatred to the German race.—J. COUSIN." Count Andrassy, the Hungarian statesman, is noted as much for his cleverness at repartee as fcr his eccentricity. "I am very dull to- day," he told one of his colleagues who visited him at Buda-Pesth; "Count K. has been here and we have exchanged ideas." At the State Department it was always his busy day when the foreign ambassadors called to hold long palavers. One day the British envoy took offence at what he chose to consider his discourtesy in refusing to see him when he was "dressing," and at their next meeting drew his attention to the fact that he did not call at the State Department as Lord X., but as the representative of the Queen of Great Britain. "All the more," was the count's deprecating reply, "consider the impropriety of my receiving the representative of the Queen, in my night-shirt." The proposition did not admit of argument. PARLIAMENTARY POINTS, Resignation. Honest Tom hard at work. How does the Catt jump Is Mr. Homburg to be left out? A nasty revelation for Martinson. Will Mr, Hattinson join the new Opposi- tion? Mr. Playford won't be able to satisfy every- body. Playford, Coles, Kingston, and Johnson, certain. Heartburning with members of the late Opposition. Mr. Mattinson is realising the hopelessness of his position. The Legislative Council have carried the address in reply. Mr. Hopkins's prediction as to his colleague not to be fulfilled. Messrs. Playford, Coles, and Kingston had a long talk yesterday. The Hon. J. G. Ramsay believes in encou- raging local industries. The Hon. D. Murray regards the Exhibition as the dawning of better days. Mr. Catt has withdrawn from the contest for the Chairmanship of Committees. The Hon. H. E. Bright says it must be free- trade all round or protection all round. The Hon. H. Scott says Mr. Buik is a free- trader who finds it necessary to continually change his mind. 