.LADY EVELYNI The first really bad sign that Lisburn niticed on her was--she began to neglect herself, Very often-more often than not--the food sent to her was left un touched, and when the maid remonstrated, Lady Evelyn would say 'Do not be hard on me, Lisburn. I am sorry I cannot eat : my lips are hot they burn me; . they are stiff-they will not open and they will hot close--how can I eat? The very shadows of death are falling round me-the sight of food is dis pleasing to me.' And Lisburn would be compelled to remove it. Day after day the same thing happened, until the maid grew more and more anxious over her mistress's health. The colour had all gone.from the sad sweet face by then. The thin, white hands trembled as they moved uneasily. Another thing alarmed the attached faith ful follower, and that was the habit of dreaming into which the hapless lady had fallen. She would sit for hours, taking no notice of time. Never listening when she was spoken to. Never paying the least heed to anything that passedaround her-her eyes fixed on those restless, hungry waves. If she could have watched them break upon the shore it would have been relief to the monotony; but they were always hurrying past-dark, swift, white crested heads-she could hear them dash against the rock, but never see them break. 'I wonder,' she said on day suddenly to Lisburn, 'I' wonder if anyone was ever driven mad by watching the sea ?' 'Oh, my lady, if.you would but forget that there is such a woird as 'mad' in the world-if you couldi but forget,' said Lisburn. The sad eyes were raised drearily to the maid's face. 'I cannot,' she said. 'Now listen, Lisburn, to the sweep of the water. What does it say? I am going mad! 1 am going mad i' and she buried her .face in her hands, with a low, frightened cry that struck doubt, sorrow, and dismay into Lisburn's heart. The girl knelt down by the side of her mistress.. 'Oh, my lady I' she said, 'do not give way.' ' I do not want to give way,' said Lady Evelyn; 'but I am growing strange; strange fancies come to me. I have one that never leaves me now all night-all night long.' 'Tell it me, my lady.' SIt is of the sea, lying still and leaden, without movement in the waters, without foam on its waves-a silent, grey surface, that rises higher and higher, until I hear the dull swirl of the water at my window, and then it fills the room and carries me away. Oh I Lisburn I if I could but forget that fancy I' ' It is but a fancy, dear lady. Until the sea and sky become one, the sea will never rise to this height; it is only a sick, nervous, morbid fancy.' 'Another dream is, that I wake in the night, and, looking at the window, I see innumerable faces, all mocking, jeering at me, with wide, white, draivn lips and white, gleaming teeth-such a terrible. fancy-and they laugh, and the horrible sound dies away over the sea there; then I begin to wonder if I am going mad.' 'Mad! No, my lady. If) ou had not a strong brain and a strong mind of your own, you. could not have stood the solitude and the want of exercise half so well as you have done. There is no fear of your going mad, my lady, none.' 'The other night, Lisburn, I thought a light shone from my .window into my room, I went to see what it was, and on the horizon there I saw a boat, all light and glame. Will slch' a...oat. ever come to rescue me ?' 'Yes,' replied the girl, taking the thin white hand in hers. '"Listen to me, dear lady. I am not saying this to comfort you, but I have a sure, profound convic tion that you will escape; forget all the shadows and fears; let your mind rest on that one word-escape-- say it, my lady.' The trembling lips repeated it in a low tone. ' Escape.' . . Even saying it semed 'to britig a certain amount' of comfort; the face grew calm and more composed. ' ' You are weak and nervous this morn ing, my lady. You will' live to laugh at these fears.' 'I was dreaming of the lime trees last night; I am always dreaming of them. The great boughs.tossing in the wind; the blossoms that smell so sweetly; the little birds that live in the green boughs; and when I woke, I could smell the blossoms. It was so hard to wake arid find myself here. I wish I could forget those lime trees, Lisburn.' 'Why should you, my lady. You will see them again, and walk underneath the shade; but now-just now-you promised me to think of the word escape. Ob, my lady, forget all the fancies and 'fears; only tell me what we can do to escape.' Lady Evelyn looked up with more brightness and animation in her face than had been seen for many long days. ' Escape I Why, Lisburn, the very word makes my heart beat, and sets my brain on fire. Can we escape ?' We most surely can and will,' said the maid, 'Now, to begin with, my lady, suppose we could get a!etter posted to Lord Knoban to tell lhim that, so.far from being here for your' health, you are in prison-not only in prison,.but afraid for your life-what would he do?' 'I do not think he would believe it; most certainly he would do nothing to help us, and I should have humbled my self in vain. In all probability he would write to the earl to make inquiries; the dowager would write back a mournful answer, and there would be an end of it.' 'Then you do not think it would be of any use to write 'home ?' 'I am quite sure it would not . I can lust fancy Lady Grange and my father looking over the letter together. They would say all kinds of things about me. But the plain fact is, they would never believe I am in prison as I am. I ap pealed to my father once in my greatest distress, and he refused to aid me; I shall never appeal to him again.' 'Then, if you could get away from here, my lady, what should you do?' The full, keen, terrible sense of her desolation came over her as she heard the lquestion. 'Heaven help me ' she cried, 'what should I do ? I will tell you, Lisburn-I would never go back to any place belong og to the earl, nor would I. return to Hardress; but I would go to some crowded place like Brighton, and live there. If I were once free, I should not lose one day in appealing to the laws of my country to protect me Irom such cruelty as I have endured here.' 'You would not go to live with my Lady Courtenay ?' 'No; but I would write to Sir Roden -I think he would help me. You see, straight-forward help would avail me but little, Suppose Sir Roden and my lather came here to-morrow, do you think they would either of them be allowed to see me, or would be told the truth ? Assuredly now the dowager would persuade them that I was really mad. I could not do a worse thing for myself than send for my relations. My husband and his mother, between them, would put me in prison at once-in an asylum, I mean. The only chance for me would be if I could write to Mr. Henderson.' Her face flushed and her eyes grew bright even as she mentioned the name. 'He would help me, though no one else could,' she continued. 'I must try to think, Lisburn-to think how I could possibly get a letter sent to him. Could that old steward be bribed, do you think ?' 'No. But write, my lady-write a letter as long as you like, and give it to me; I will find some means of sending it. It may be weeks, or even months before he receives it, but rely upon it he will receive it in the end.' * 'I will write,' she said. And the maid thanked God that some thing like a change came over the apathetic face. She had but little hope of getting a letter away, but something must be done to rouse Lady Evelyn, and there could be nothing so efficacious as giving her this gleam of hope-it would cheer her for many long days, as so it did. She wrote the letter, which Lisburn carefully locked away. There was the excitement of thinking and planning how it was to be got.away, and that did the unhappy lady good. 'I shall see the boat upon the waters yet,' she said to Lisburn. And the maid encouraged her in every cheerlul and pleasant thought. But for her-her constant care, her kindly thought -Lady Evelyn would indeed have lost her reason. CHAPTER LXV. Captain Blake and Frank Thrane were in London again, and seriously enough they had been discussing this matter of Lady Evelyn Chesterleigh, and they could come to no certain conclusion about it. 'I am sure,' said Captain Blake, ' that you are mistaken, Frank. 'I do see how there can be anything wrong. If they had been contemplating anything of the kind, they would never have taken her to a public railway station like Euston Square:. Besides, after all, surely an English noble: man is not a gaoler.' S' I grant all that; it seems improbable enough; but the question is this--is she insane or is she not ? If not, wrong was .contemplated; if so, why then the chole matter ends. It seems to me that the first thing we have to do is to find out whether she is mad or not.' 'Yes, you ire right there,' said Captain Blake. 'and, Frank, I think we must keepl the whole affair a profound secret, if we wish to do any good. You will agree to that ?' 'Certainly. We have first to ascertain if Lady Evelyn Chesterleigh is supposed to be insane. We must find out who she is, and whether that story about her mother is true or not; then we should be supposed to be unkind to her; then we must try to see her frinds, and get them to interfere in her behalf. I cannot forget those eyes of hers; bow they ap pealed to us--how they implored. What a beautiful lace it was.' So the two friends set to work. They decided that.they would begin systemati cally, after the fashion of detectives. The first thing they did was to go to Chester House and inquire for Lady Evelyn. 'The young Countess of Chesterleigh,' they were told, 'was not well, and had gone to Scotland for her health.' They inquired for the dowager, she had gone with Lady Evelyn; they asked for the earl and received the same answer; and so far all seemed well. There had evidently been no deceit, nothing underhand; the truth had beep spoken. Then Mr. Thrane, affecting the airs of an intimate friend, asked, if Lady Evelyn was ill, what was the matter ? and by the expression on the servant's face he felt quite sure that the same story had been repeated and .be lieved in the house. 'He did not know; he thought her ladyship was overtired and wanted rest.' The two friends looked at each other. 'So far the dowager countess had certainly spoken the truth,' said Captain Blake. 'It is a great disappointment to us. When do you expect the family to return ?' The answer was that 'it was very un. certain-they would not return until her ladyship had quite recovered.' And as he uttered the word '.recovered' so strange an expressidn came over the man's face that the. two friends came to the same conclusion. Whether she was really mad or not her servants had evidently been told that she was. There seemed nothing more to learn, so they went away. The next' thing was to ascertain who Lady Evelyn was, and if her mother were really mad. This task was not difficult-a peerage told them that Talbot, tenth Earl of Chesterleigh, had married Evelyn, youngest daughter of Lord Knoban. 'Knoban I' cried Captain Blake. ' Why that is the family with whom Rex Henderson lives.' 'Rex Henderson,' repeated Mr. Thrane; ' and pray who is he ?' 'What a question. Frank, Have you forgotten the gentleman we were intro duced to at the club; the new writer about whom all London is raving ?' 'I remember a tall, handsome man with a sad look on his face. I remember him quite well.' 'Our best plan will be to see him,' said the captain. 'I do not know Lord Knoban; besides, it is really such a difficult matter to interfere in, it is such a delicate thing, I should feel much more at my ease in speaking to Mr. Henderson than I should in going to Lord Knoban, so we will go round to the club and see him as soon as we can.' Then they proceeded to find out if it were true that Lady Evelyn's mother were mad. It was most perfectly true, and perhaps that shook their faith in Lady Evelyn more than anything else had done. Nothing seemed more probable than that the young countess had inherited her mother's malady. 'There is nothing in it, after.all,' said Captain Blake. 'Depend upon it her husband and his mother have seien some thing which makes them afraid for her, and they have taken her away for her own good.' 'I hope to Heaven it is so,' said Frank; but I am doubtful; she looked as sane as you or I. However, we will see Mr. Henderson to-night.' But to the great disappointment of both, there was no chance ot seeing Mr. Henderson. When they reached the club they were intormed that Lord Knobar and his gifted young secretrry had gone tc Hardress Abbey. There was nothing for it than but to wait in patience; and their patience was rewarded. Business over railway company brought Lord Knobar Sback to town, and Rex came with him The three met one night at the club. Captain Blake asked Rex if he would stroll through the Park with him as he had something which he wisbed to say. Rex looked slightly surprised; these gentlemen were almost strangers to him, add he could not understand it. But one glance at the two faces was quite enough to show him that it was from no motive of idle gossip that they wished to see him, but rather from some grave and serious cause. They walked together through the Park. Rex will never forget that walk; the stars were shining and the dead leaves were like carpet beneath their feet. ' What is it ?' asked Rex as they walked on. 'Something, I am quite sure, that you do not like to say,' 'You are right, but it must be told, said Frank Thrane. 'Living as you do with Lord Knoban, of course you know his daughter,. Lady Evelyn ?' He controlled all emotion, thoughhis heart beat at the sound of her name. 'I know her,' he . replied, 'perfectly well.' 'Is she-is she-I declare the very word sounds hateful,' cried Captain Blake, 'when applied to so young and beautiful a lady- is she at all insane, do you think ?' Rlex laughed; the utter absurdity of the question struck him so forcibly. ' Insane I' he replied; no, she is saie, reasonable, in her right mind, as I am who speak to you now. ' There ' cried Mr. Thrane. 'I would rather have believed her eyes than their words I' Rex looked from one to the other. ' What are you talking about ?' he said. 'This is all a mystery to me--wlhat does it mean?' And then they related the whole scene. He listened like one in a dream. 'If you are quite sure of all this,' he said, ' then there has been foul play.' 'It happened surely enough,' said the captain. 'One of us might have been mistaken, might have dreamed it, but two could not have done so. I was inclined to disbelieve the young lady, for the elder one told a plausible story; I could not Imagine it to be false; the probabilities of the case were all against her.' 'And this happened so long ago ?' said Rex. ' I cannot talk to you now; but there is something; wrong, I feel sure. You are men of honour, both of you -you will not mention one word of this ?' 'No; we have kept the secret up to this date, we can keep it still longer,' said Mr. Thrane. liHe' looked in wonder. at the young writer's face; it had grown suddenly white and drawn, as though with some terrible pain. What could Lady Evelyn be to him that he should look so strange. 'Will you meet me here to-morrow evening, both of you,' said Rex, trying to speak calmly. 'It may be that the saving of that unhappy lady's life rests with us. 'I shall not be acting indiscireetly in telling you that there was a terrible quarrel between the earl. and his unhappy wife. He struck her, and I have no .doubt there is something terribly wrong and strange. Willyou be here to-morrow evening? and if she is in danger we will rescue her.' They parted with a warm grasp of the hand. When Rex reached home he found Lord Knoban in the dining room alone. After talking to him on indifferent subjects for a few minutes, he said ' Have you heard from Lady Evelyn lately.' 'No, not from herself,' he said; "not personally. I was only thinking this morning how strange it was. She has not written to me since they went to Scoti land.' * Not once ?' said Rex. 'No,' he replied, 'not that I remember. Indeed, I am perfectly certain, not once.I They were to have joined me at Hardress, but :Lord Chesterleigh wrote to me saying that the doctors had advised rest and a bracing climate for Lady Eve lyn.'" ' You have heard from the earl, then ?' said Rex. .'Yes,. repeatedly. To speak frankly, Rex, I do not think Lady Evelyn has ever forgiven me for not having taken a more active part in her quarrel with her husband. She asked me to take her back home, but how could I? She was much annoyed,over it; but it does not do to interfere between man and wife.' 'When the man beats his wife savagely,' said Rex, ' and throws her on the 'ground, I do not see any harm in inter ference.' Lord Khoban looked very uncomfort able. .'There is no doubt she provoked him most cruelly, Rex,' he said; but. Rex held up his hands with a warninggesture. 'Pray make no excuses to me for the coward. It your daughter bad been my sister, he should have answered for every blow. Tell me, where are they staying in Scotland ?' ' At Lord Chesterleigh's place, Glen cairne.' 'Glencairne,' repeated Rex. 'I did not know that; I thought they were at Ross. Do you think that gloomy old ruin, built on a rock, and half encircled by the sea-do you think that is a safe and proper place for your daughter ?' 'To tell you the truth, Rex, I have never thought about it. She is in her husband's care; that is quite enough for me.' 'Suppose you go over to Glencairne, my lord, and ask how she is,' said Rex. 'The fact is, Rex, both the earl and Lady Chesterleigh have advised me not to do so. Lady Evelyn went out a great deal, in fact she exhausted her strength, and they tell me that nothing will be so bene fical to her as complete rest and the brac ing Scotch air.' 'All of which you implicitly believe,' said Rex disdainfully. 'Certainly. Why should I not ? Besides, I thinki if they were left alone, they may probably come to a better understanding with each other. My dear boy, when you are as old as I am, you will understand that nothing is so injurious, so foolish or so rash as to interfere between a man and his wife.' CHAPTER LXVI. Left to himself, Rex was overwhelmed with misery that they should be so cold and apathetic, the people whose duty it was to love, to protect, to shield her, was hardly tobe imagined. For herself, he had the keenest apprehensions as to her fate; while Lord Knoban seemed per fectly satisfied. That she had been carried off to this lonely old castle against her will, he felt perfectly convinced-there could be no dougt of it; that she felt some fear for her life, he was also sure; or why had she, who dreaded all publicity and all scenes ? why had she cried out at the railway station ? These letters that came at such rare intervals, what.did they mean ? That she was not well-required rest and quiet, Such absurdity! Why should a girl-young, lively, fond of life and pleasure, like Lady Evelyn, why should she require rest and quiet ? 'They will either make her very ill or drive her mad,' he thought to himself; and then graver fears came to him. He remembered all that had been said about Lord Chesterleigh and Madame Dubois; could it be possible thatharm was intended to her?* The longer he thought it, the deeper grew his fears. Yet what avail if he mentioned those fears ? Lord Knoban would laugh at them, and Lady Grange call them ridiculous; perhaps tell him he was taking too great an interest in Lady Evelyn-that her good or evil was no matter to him. He was sorely perplexed-what could he do? All that night while he tried to sleep, he heard her voice crying, "Come and help me, Rex 1 come and help me !' He said to himself that it was all fancy; yet, when he closed his eyes, there was the pitiful voice, " Come and help me, Rex' a i' -' I -annot bear it,' ie thought to him self, and with the dawn of morn he rose. It was impossible to remain still with that voice in his ears, and that sweet, sad, despairing face before his eyes. 'There is something wrong,' thought Rex, ' and, no ma'tter whif it costs me, I must find out what it is; she.shall not die for want of help. But how he vas to do it, and what was to be done, he neither knew nor could he imagine. He never forgot the misery of the day that followed. More than once Lord Knoban asked if he were ill or unhappy, or what had caused so great a change in him. All his thoughts were with:Lady Evelyn ;:at' every moment he was considering the best ways and means of helping 'her. " When eveening came, he went to meet the two friends, and all London did not know three more anxious hearts or faces than theirs. Their consultation was long and important. Without telling them the details of the case, Rex gave them an outline of it, and they-both sensible,,prudent men of the world- thought there was'canger'hanging' over her. What was to be doue ? ' It seems ridiculous to say such a thing,' said Rex, 'but it is most true that all appeal to her own friends is perfectly use less.- - If she -wants help, .we.must give it to her; and that ihelp niust come entirely from ourselves, and must also be unknown to anyone else.' "'Glencairne,' said Captain Blake, 'I know the place well; it is built on a rock on the northern coast of Scotland, the bleakest place it is possible to imagine. We went cruising round it last year, I remember.' . Rex looked ip,-with a sudden gleam in his eyes. 'You went round it l ast year-what is to prevent you doing the same this ?' The captain looked just as earnestly at him. 'Nothing,' he replied. 'Ifyou think I can do that unhappy lady any good, I will go there again with pleasure. I have a famous little yacht of my .own--'The Northern Belle'-and it, like myself, is at your service.' He literally trembled with excitement. 'God bless you I' he said, 'a thousand and a thousand times. We shall save-her yet, in spite of the combinations of her enemies. Captain Blake, if.I live to see her again I shall know how to thank you.' Then they began to make arrangements how it was to be managed. . 'I have a sure conviction,' said Rex, 'that she is in prison, that she cannot get away or do as she will.' SIt wasagreed that they should start as soon as possible. The y:cht would not require much preparation, it was always ready for sailing, and the only thing that remained was for Rex to get leave of absence.and join them. It.was arranged that, if possible, they should start.this day week. 'What we shall do reziains still :a mystery,' said Captain Blake. ' We must make quite sure of one thing-we must try to free her from captivity if your idea is correct, and she is shut up in the' one of the rooms of that gloomy castle. . We must take her away, land her. somewhere in safety-that rest will be easy enbugh.' They parted with many expressions of esteem and confidence, arranging.to. meet together, on the evening before they set sail. Lord .Knoban. looked slightly troubled when Rex asked for a holiday, and said it must unfortunately be of un certain length. ' I am busy, Rex,' he said ruefully; 'very busy, just now.: 'I know, and am very sorry for it. I will do my best to make up. for it when I return,' replied.Rex; ' but Iam compelled to go now.' Then Lord Knbbin yielded; it was, after'all,' thefirst favour thht this young secretary had ever asked from bim, pnd'he could not well refuse it.. The"r??were but few arrangements to make, for Captain Blake and Mr. Thrane, had been hard:at work, Very few days after their first interview the frieids were on board the '·Northern Belle;' she wa sa fine yacht, rapid sailor, neat and trim, 'afd wdrk?d her way rapidly through thehbeating seas. Rex felt his heart beat and his face flush when he first caught sight of the lonely rock-bound castle. The waves were beating on the stones, the sea-gulls whirling round it; a more gruesome, lonely place had never surely been seen, and she, the golden-haired, dainty darling, who had lived in the midst of light, warmth, and perfume, she had for months been living here. They dared not go too near it was not often that yachts were seen in those stormy northern seas, still it was not an unusual sight, or it would have caused some surprise amongst the inhabitants of Glencairne. As it was, the yacht had been in the waters many hours before it was noticed, then a pale face with wearied eyes seermed to brighten suddenly as they caught a glimpse of it. Lady Evelyn had been very ill; for some days she had not risen, but had lain with her face turned to the wall, moaning that it would be well if she were dead. And Lisburn had the greatest difficulty in rousing her; she would not leave her-for one minute; she sat by her side and talked to her about what they should do when they reached homne, The unhappy lady had started up wildly at the word 'home.' ' Home l' she cried. 'Oh, Lisburn, shall I ever see home again ?' 'Most assuredly. Why, my lady, we do not live in the barbarous days of old, when men could imprison and killas theyliked. My Lord Knoban will begin to make inquiries soon; he will come and ask where you are; he will wanimt to see you, and what can anyone do then? As soon as he sees you, you will be free.' 'I shall be dead or mad before they come.' 'No, you will not. You look a little pale and thin, my lady, but you are as well as ever. Do rouse yourself, my lady; get up and come into your room, I found a new novel yesterday; try and read it. The sun is shining on the sea to-day, and it is pleasant to look out.' And then, more to save herself from the trouble of refusing Lisburn than for anything else, Lady Evelyn rose; but the maid's heart sank as she watched her. The golden hair that she arranged seemed to have lost its sheen; the light had faded from the violet eyes; the face and figure looked thin and worn. .There was at times a hectic flush on the face, and that gave way to mortal pallor. 'They will find her dead, surely enough,' said Lisburn, 'unless they come soon.' When the simple toilette was arranged she persuaded Lady Evelyn to sit by the window and watch the sunlight on it. '-There is hope for us, my lady,' she said, 'in every little gleam of light.' Lady Evelyn suddenly seized her arm, and, pointing to the opposite end of the room, said 'Lisburn, there isa sunbeam! Look at it I It is the first I have ever seen in this prison of mine.' A faint, struggling sunbeam that came through the narrow window and shone on the cold stone wall. 'That is a .hopeful augury,' said Lisburr,. 'Now, my lady, you see everything is brighter and more hopeful to-day. Will you try to read ? ' Lady Evelyn took the book and opened it mechanically, but Lisburn had long since seen that her young misttess was past reading. Lady Evelyn looked up suddenly, with tears in her eyes, and a quick, impatient laugh. 'There is no use,' Lisburn,' she said; 'I cannot hold the book.' 'Then I will read to you, my lady,' said the maid resolutely, and, taking up the book, she began to read. Once or twice she looked up to see if Lady Evelyn was listening, but.the sweet, white face was turned to the sunlit sea; she could only hope. Suddenly Lady Evelyn uttered a startled cry. She clutched the girl's arm, and, looking up, Lisburn saw her face full of wild, eager wonder, her eyes wide open, her lips parted. 'What is it, my lady ?' cried the maid, half frightened idi her turn. ' What is it ?' 'I see-I see-oh I merciful Heaven, am I going mad, or do I see? You re member my dream, Lisburn-a boat lying far off on the horizon? There, see! there is the boat. Oh, Lisburn, am I dreaming, do you think-am I mad ? Look I tell me if you see it too I' Lisburn stood up and looked. At first her eyes, neither so keen nor so bright as Lady Evelyn's, saw nothing; but after a time she cried out 'I see it, my lady.' And the two watched it in breathless suspense. 'My lady,' said Lisburn, 'I feel sure that the boat is there for us- no. one else but us; it is there for our rescue.' She folded her hands, and the expres sion that came over her face was one of absolute hope and rest. 'If it is for us,' she said slowly, ' then Mr. Henderson is in it-I am quite sure of that.' All the hours of that bright day Lady Evelyn and her maid sat watching the white, distant sails of the yacht. When dinner was brought, Lady Evelyn turned: away with a shudder. SHow cah I waste my time in eating ?' she said. 'The bloat might sail away.' 'It will never sail away again till you are in it,' said the maid. They .watched it until the sails shone red in the rays of the setting sun, and the grey light of evening fell over the waves. Then she could see it no longer, and Lady Evelyrnwas full of distress and sorrow. SI cannot see it now, Lisburn,' she said; ' how I wish morning would come again.' 'Look, my lady,' cried the maid; 'now do you not see that it is for us ?' Piercing with longing eyes the grey, soft gloom, they saw a little boat put off from the yacht, with two men. 'You will see, my lady, they will row to the cliff here, I am sure. We must keep a-good light in the window; it is some one come to rescue us.' She was almost frightened at the rapture that came over Lady Evelyn's face. 'If there is anyone in the boat coming to save us,' she said, 'it will be Mr. Henderson, Lisburn. Howshall we know -what shall we do to find out?' 'You must keep calm and strong, my lady, or all the efforts they can make will be quite in vain.' And Lady Evelyn sat at the window while twilight deepened into gloom, watching the boat which seemed by almost imperceptible degrees to come nearer and nearer. CHAPTER LXII. ' LISsuRN,' said Lady Evelyn, with a face growing deadly white as she spoke, 'Lis burn, surely as I live, that boat has landed -it is for me l Oh, my Godl I can itbe that the day of m; captivity is ended ?' She wept hysterically, she sobbed aloud; it was in vain that the maid tried to con sole her-it was the first real hope of escape that had dawned on her, and it was too much for her. After a time she grew calm, and then she clasped Lisburn's hands in her own. 'It all rests with you. now,' she said. 'He is there, Lisburn; I am sure Mr. Henderson is there, and you must see him.' 'I can manage it,' said the maid ; ' there is no strict watch kept over me. I can get out of the house before old Andrew fastens the outer gates; but I shall be obliged to remain out all night-I cannot get back again.' 'My poor Lisburn-- but it Will be cold.' 'I should not care if it were freezing,' she replied. 'Oh, my lady, I would suffer heat, cold, or anything else for you.' ' I know that. I do not like the thought of your going out alone; but it is for liberty and life. Tell me, how shall you manage ?' 'The boat is sure to be in that little bay round the cliff--I shall know where to find it. I have often heard them say that is the only place where a boat can land. I shall go down to it, and then I shall know in two minutes whether it be for us or not.' 'How will you get out?' asked Lady Evelyn anxiously. ' I can get out on the cliff; the road to the road to the sea is open though not the road by land. I can get out of the great gates before they are closed for the night. It is time I went, there is not a moment to lose. Keep up your heart, my lady you will get away in safety, I am quite sure. I must take the keys to the dowager.' The usual ceremony was gone through; old Andrew came to see if the doors were securely locked, and then the keys were taken to the dowager. 'How is Lady Evelyn to.day ?' inquired Lady Chesterleigh. Lisburn replied that she was tired and cross. The malicious face beamed sith satisfaction. 'The malady is mnaking steady pro gress,' shesaid, with a shake of the head. 'I am very sorry, but it cannot be helped. Good-night, Lisburn.' Thanktul. to be released, the maid hurried downstairs. She went out into the cold stone courtyard, and there she waited until old Andrew came out. It was easy to deceive him, for he was grow ing old, and had lost some of the courageous strength of youth. He opened the gates, after his usual fashion, to look round; he looked down the narrow path that led from the rocks to the high road: all was clear, still, and silent. Then, quick as thought, Lisburn flung down a heavy stone against the door. He ran hastily to see what it was, and did not notice that he had left the gates open. During that minute Lisburn passed out unperceived arid directly afterwards she heard Andrew and Elspie in the yard. 'What was it?' asked Elspie; the noise frightened me. It was like a coffin thrown at the door.' 'Heaven save us ' cried the man, 'talking about coffins at this hour of the night I Mind what you are doing, Elspie.' 'Well,' returned the woman, ' I have heard many of them says that there is always a warning like that before any one dies.' 'That is the ghost,' said Andrew, turn ing, the light of his lantern on the stone. 'It has fallen trom the wall-that's your grand warning, wife.' 'You will see,' said the woman; 'I was never mistaken in my.life. You may show me as many stones as you like, but I tell you that noise was a warning, neither more nor less than a warning; you will own that I am right yet.' Lisburn did not feel particularly happy in listening to that dialogues she was somewhat susperstitious, and Elspie's tales had seriously impressed her. 'I hope, if it be a warning, that the warning is not for my lady,' she said to herself, and then she shuddered with dread. It was a weird, lonely spot'; the great tall crags- rose white and high on each side of her, a soft, misty gloom hung over the sea, the wind wailed round the waters, the waves dashed with' a heavy, booming noise against the shore. ' I would not have risked this to save my own life,' said the girl to herself; 'how shall I find my way down that path ? One false step and I shall be dashed to pieces against the rocks. Presently to her great relief the stars came out shining broadly and deeply, their light reflected in the heaving waves. Slowly, cautiously, Lisburn descended the steep path, and with a sense of deep relief she found herself at the foot of.the cliff; the noise of the sea was heard plainly enough then; the tall rocks looked ghastly in the moonlight. A few more steps and she stood on the shore, the waves breaking in great sheets of foam at her feet; she gazed around and she saw the little boat at a distance. She dare. not cry out to attract atten tion, lest by some terrible mischance her voice should be heard by some of the castle people. She saw that the boat was still rising and falling gently with-each action of the waves. Those in it were watching the castle. She stood for some minutes wondering what she could do; then, to her great satisfaction, she saw.the boat rowed suddenly and swiftly to the Shore. Another moment and it-grated on the pebbles; she saw the tall figure of a man spring on the shore. Her heart beat loud and fast. Was it for them-a rescue planned, or was it a case of smuggling? She stepped forward, and then all doubts were solved, the starlight fell on a pale, handsome face.t-hat-she re membered perfectly well, the face of Rex Henderson. She held up her hand with a little cry. SMr. Henderson 1' she said; and Rex, looking into the soft starlight gloom, said 'Who is there ?' Then she came forward, and' he recog nised her. ' You are Lady Evelyn's maid,' he cried. 'For God's sake be quick,' and tell me how she is.' Lisbumn was unable to answir him-she fell on her knees with a loud, passionate cry. 'Oh, Mr. Henderson ! Heaven has sent you. You are only just in tinme-my lady would have died if she had, been left here much longer.' 'Tell me all about it, Lisburn,' said Rex; 'we can find a seat here ~dfi??the cliffs. Do not lose one minute. Tell me.' They sat down together on the cliff; 'the broad, deep,. restless sea stretched oiut before them, yet half hidden by the thick gloom. ' Tell me all about it,' he said; 'how is she? Has she been very unhappy?' And sitting there with the wide sea breaking at their feet, the stars shining above their heads, the wind wailing mournfully arouwd them, Lisburn told the story of her lady's imprisonment. 'They mean to drive her mad, Mr. Henderson,' she said; 'they have brought her here on purpose. The dowager countess hates her like poison, with the deadliest hatred. The earl did care for her once, but I cannot help thiinking she is in the way now.' 'But what has she been brought here for?' he asked. 'I do not quite know,' replied Lisburn. 'My lord wants.her to do something, and she will not do it. I have heard him threaten to kill her, but she will never give in; and now he intends to keep.her here until she either gives in, goes mad, or dies -that is my opinion.' 