mark twain's version of. "hamlet/' if ie above talented author. has put . foi th a revised edition of the tragedy of VI Hamlet. " : According to Twain's . idea, " Hamlet, " as it came from the pen of Shakespeare, was incomplete.' . Twain assumes that a man of Hamlet's melancholy and eccentric tempera ment, must, of necessity, have had a younger brother in the family of a .more sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain sustains his theory- in the following ingenious arguments "We find in. the History of England and Paris adjacent pages; 4, IT, 44, Vol. II, the following letter from the King of Denmark to Torn Say ers, an old friend of his : — Dear Tom — Those hair-stuffed box ing gloves and foils came by the Mark Lane Express (Mark Lane who ran the Express Company,' was a distant uncle of the author, M.T.) in good order — G.O.D. Hamlet, my eldest son, being of a taciturn and melancholy disposition, takes, very little stock in the gloves,' as a blow on the nose only serves to increase his melancholy. Thus I have given ye gloves to Billy my second born who is as lively as a cricket on his pins, and a jovial lad withal, who- takes kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. Yesterday he thumped' his ' teacher, i most souudly on ye bugle, for which I rewarded him by giving him a silver- amounted wassail bowl,, filled to the uppermost brim with good brown ale. If you make your match with Crabble let me know, and send a couple of tickets for seats pretty close to the ropes. If you want backing, the whole Exchequer of Denmark and the Sub-treasury thrown in is Yours truly, Claudius, King of Denmark." From this historical scrap Mr. Clemens (Mark Twain) .proceeds to reconstruct the play, holding, with no little show of reason, that Shake speare had no license — poetical or otherwise — to give Hamlet a pro minence not accorded to his younger brother. # » Twain Continues : — "Other letters, from the King to Sayers, now in my possession, being kindly loaned me by the British Museum, go to show that Shake speare had a grudge against Billy, the younger brother, because, when Shakespeare visited the palace of Claudius, Billy put an old candle- snuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a frolicsome proceeding, which so in censed the bard that he never forgave the young rascal. People who have had candle-snuffers placed in their boots, can readily appreciate the motives which governed the poet in making no reference to Billy in the play except where he appears to him ' Like a mildewed ear Blasting his wholesome brother.' # » # # The events at Elsinore happeued as I have written them. Shakespeare transposed and distorted the facts, and I cannot conscientiously allow these gross historical mistakes to pass : uncorrected. " THE PLAY. In his revised version Twain takes liberties with the original text, which strongly reminds oue of Bouoicault adapting a French drama for the American stage. In the first act where Bernardo and Francisco indulge in a colloquy on the platform along with Marcellus and Horatio, William comes in and sets up refreshments for the guards out of a little black .bottle; but refuse the two latter to have a second pull at the flask, after, they begin to talk on the grounds that he does not care to encourage so pronounced a case of delirium tremens. # The guards then leave William to himself, and after they had disappear ed he bursts into an immoderate fit of laughter. He then : slips away, and in a side scene is represented dressing himself up in his father's armour and covering himself ' with mosquito netting, making up as a ghost. As soon as his arrangements are complete he stalks in and frightens , the wits out of Bernardo and Horatio making several turns out , in the side scenes, where lie goes to hide his merriment at the success of his trick. # When Iloralio is telling Hamlet of the apparition William listens with: 'his mouth wide .open, apparently ransfixed with fear ; but after they . ' are gone he turns to Hamlet with ' ' Hamlet, do you swallow all this ?" Don't you know all these fellows. are as crazy as bed-bugs? Do you sup pose the old mail would walk around this castle with his armour on? W hat in the deuce does a ghost want. of ' armour ? Besides, a ghost ain't cap able of packing armour around. \- Why,: the last few years he wasn't ..' hardly. able to waddle about in that . one-hundred-and-ten pound suit. Don't 'you' know' when' he came in from that last dress parade, he said he'd be switched if he'd ever' put the , old brass togs on again. Pshaw, old boy have some sense." . ' THE GHOST-WALKING SCENE. In the fourth scene William gets ' himself up in fine shape and rehearses ' the ghost- walking, scene until lie is . entirely satisfied with himself, while \ he indulges in the following soliloquy : : "Perhaps this won't catch him, oh, no! ' He'll think it the true business, and no Mistake, If I can get him about Half crazy I can collar the girl. . . Blamed if I'd have far to go." In this . scene Twain has followed the original text pretty closely. .The following extract will give a general idea of his treatment of it : — Hamlet.' My fate. cries out, . And makes each petty artery on this body As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve. ( Ghost beckons. ) Still I am called. Unhand me gentle men . ! .. (Breaking Jrom them). By heaven, I'll make a ghost of him . that lets me. I say, away ! Go on ! I'll, follow thee." ' ' William. Oh, he s coming, I've got him cranked already. ' .' .' " # . , . The harrowing tale which William, : as . the ghost, unfolds, runs in this practical fashion:— " I am thy father's spirit. Doomed to an everlasting swing around the circle. I could a : tale unfold that would lift your hat to the ceiling. If ever there was a slick old fraud, your uncle is that man. The newspaper reports about my death were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever never got away with me. The man who is now in my political shoes dumped the ounce of: prussic acid in my ear and that did the business. I can tell you Hamlet that for a good, quick, reliable poison I consider prussie acid as unequalled. l am willing to furnish testimonials for the trade. The Ghost then proceeds at con siderable length to tell Hamlet what to do and how to get even with his Uncle, interspersing his story with some side-splitting " Asides," which are in Twain's best vein. Through the entire . play the pranks of William are indescribably ludicrous as he appears in the double role of Ghost and adviser to Hamlet in theflesh. When not masquerading with his material seances he is going about with his brother trying to dissuade him from doing anything rash, and telling him what an infernal fool he is for taking any stock in the supernatural, occas ionally withdrawing to a quiet place . to hold his sides and laugh when his hilarity threatens to escape from his control. » . His prime idea is to get even on his Uncle and. step-father, for whom he has the most profound contempt ; but when events thicken as the direct result of his pranks he studies to undo his work, and on one occasion con fesses the fraud and tries to get -Hamlet to look at the armor and mosquito netting ; but Hamlet only looks upon it as a dodge to dissuade him from his purpose, and will listen to nothing. In the latter part of the play lie sobers down and calmly allows events to take their . course. In the closing scene he gazes upon the work of death, and coolly orders " a bolt of black crape " while he aunounces that his morning will be wholesale. > » » Some of theipassages-are intensely funny,' and jiii others -the. humor ' is forced, with "a tendency to slang ; but as a whole the "innovation is very. . laughable, and the version will no doubt attract considerable' curiosity amongst play-goers, and draw crowd- ' ed audiences should it ever .be played; So . writes an . American critic. W.H.W. 