lANDICAPPESTG FOOT RACES. TO THE EDITOE. Sir— Will you kindly nnd me Bpace in your . janer for a few remarks on the above eub ect ? I want to know on what system gentle Tipn whn nnderf-akp. tliR Antics nf handinan. ping loot races go upon when trying to put the competitors on equal terms. We are aaked to send in our last two years' per formances, so that they may get some idea of otir merits, and yet, aa a rule, when the han dicaps are declared the most absurd mistakes appear, the winner's name generally sticking out a foot, which takes away all interest in the race. Take, for instance, the handicaps in the Sheffield last Saturday on the Oval. P. H. Roberts waa scratch, and Keen — who is well known as a fast sprinter and had good performances— gets *13 yards, and makes a dead heat with Correll (11 yards) in the final for first place, doing 117 yards in 12 Eec, or the full distance in 13^ sec— about a quarter of a second outside of even time. Now, what Dcssible chanca had Roberts or myself to beat this man ? It simply means we must be able to run fully one second under even time, doing loO yards in 12 sec. I know I cannot or ever could do it, and no one else either. Why do not the Associations and athletic clubs engage the services of first claES men like Messrs. Morcom, Broderick, Furnell, and A. McDonald, who have every man's performances at their finger-ends, even if they have to pay a guinea or two, instead of putting it into the hands of novices? It ia quite time a little more interest wqb taken in this important work, because at present, although we back men go on enter ing for different races and start, we only do it to show how impossible it is for us to win or even get placed, and it .becomes rather monotonous never having a ghost of a show jto get near the front. Then, asaiD, I certainly think handicappera should bear in mind that although we old peds could go some seven years ago we do not improve as time rolls on, and cannot be expected to give young fellows who are juat coming on such Btarts as 18 yards in 130, and it is not fair to handicap us on our name and ignore performances. Somebody says, ' What's in a name V Well, mine seems to keep me hovering about the scratch mark, although I know of several young athletes who can give me a start and beat me, and yet I am often asked to give them 10 or 15 yards. I would like also to suggest that when a competitor enters for a race, and sayc he has never run before, he should never get more than half the limit at the very most, because the very fact of the hsndicapper knowirs nothing about him should make him careful about not letting a. maiden runner in too easily at first. If this tras carried out we should not have bo many rac23 run away TTith by the limit men. Trusting some attention may bs paid to those remarks by tho authorities of cluba and handicappers in general, I am, Sir. &c.; EX-CHAMPION. 