The Lighthouse of Bluff Cape. BY A. B. BELL. CHAPTER XVIII. The Last of ti&e; Black Flag. Boatswain : " Lay her a-hold, a-hold; set her tw« courses; off to sea again; lay her off." -Shakespeare. At daylight in the morning preparations were at once made for rigging up jury masts on the Foam and repairing damages. AH traces of the late encounter were quickly removed by the active sailors. The Foam and Terror lay off the island of Lobo, and as the daylight increased, and the rosy flush in the east dispersed the shades of night, Captain Brace a nd many others on board the two vessels eagerly scanned the sea horizon, and the shores of the . island; but no sign of the Revenge could be seen. The sun rose and lighted up the foaming reef. The calm waters within reflected the white shingly beach, and the waving palms of this gem of the sea. Thin columns of smoke here and there rose through those feathery treetops. But those who watched them from the decks of the Terror little dreamed that by one of those flres the villainous escapees, Jacques Crapaud, Francois, and Gustave, were watching the two vessels off the shore, and muttering many a bitter curse, while the Revenge lay securely hidden in the inlet. The work goes briskly forward on board the Foam till noon, then all hands are ordered on board the Terror. Their fighting costume is exchanged for their best uniforms, the flags are lowered half mast, the minute guns boom from the Terror's side, and revibrate along the shores of the island like rumbling thunder. The bodies of eight brave sailors neatly sewn in their canvas coffins, rest on the planks all ready for consignment to their watery graves. The sailors, drawn np on deck, stand un covered, while the captain, surrounded by his officers and friends, reads the solemn burial service-then all is over j the bodies are launched into the sea, the heavy shot at their feet taking them far down out of sight, beneath the green waves those brave fellows had floated gaily over for many a year. The guns roar their requiem, and echo back from the palm-covered hills of the lovely isle. The band strike up " Nancy Lee." All is once more life and bustle, and work is resumed on board the Foam. The men, who, a moment before, stood round solemn and silent, and down whose manly cheeks the stray tear had trickled for the loss of their old messmates, now seemed gay and light-hearted as ever, their late comrades appear to be entirely forgotten. Captain Brace now found he had barely sufficient coal to carry him to Brisbane, and felt reluctantly compelled to give up the pursuit of the Revenge for the present. But Captain Baxter gladdened his heart by offering to cruise abdut in the Foam, and if possible find out the Revenge. Reggie and his volunteer party, with the exception of poor Bob Wilson, at once determined to join Captain Baxter on the Foam. Captain Brace sent nearly the whole of his crew, taking merely sufficient hands with him to work the Terror. A gatling and a small Norden feldt, with a good supply of small arms and am muni tion.were also lent to the Foam. Bob Wilson, now the only son of his old parents, thought it his duty to return, to assist and protect his sister and the old folks at home. The ladies also returned in the Terror, and this greatly consoled Ben Brace for being compelled to give up the chase. Reginald took an affectionate farewell of his Florence, and the Foam, once more ship-shape, with new masts and sails and her rigging repaired, cast off from the Terror, and continued on skirting the reef of Lobo island; while the Terror bore away and shaped her course for the Bluff. Handkerchiefs waved on each vessel, their flags dipped a parting salute, and soon the Terror was hull down, then only a blurred patch of smoke betokened her where abouts to those on the loam. Our story now re mains with the latter vessel. In vain they made the complete circuit of the island; they could not discover any sign of an entrance in the reef, or perceive any traces of the Revenge. Captain Baxter then steered for Tammo in the hopes of obtaining some information there, as to the most likely place for the Revenge to be in hiding, and also to reassure the poor islanders. i When the Foam entered the bay at Tammo, the demolished- village looked the picture of misery, and not a solitary living object, except the carrion crows and hawks, could be discovered. But Captain Baxter had quite expected this, and decided to start | an expedition inland, and endeavour to find some of j the islanders. In this he was successful, for the party which he himself headed succeeded in surrounding a small inland village, whose inhabitants were at first terribly alarmed. But on recognising Captain Baxter their distress gave way to extravagant delight. As the captain related the result of the fight and the death of Bumba, the Lobo king, and how well they had been avenged, the natives be came half wild with joy. Soon dusky youths were speeding to all parts of the island with the glad tidings. Captain Baxter returned much pleased with the result of his expedition, for even before he had regained the burnt village, party after party of natives had joined him, and next cay the islanders had mustered from all parts of the island. Captain Brace lent them axes and tools, and allowed the sailors to assist them in rebuilding the village. And well did the natives recompense the captain, for they brought out from the caves and hiding places in the island tons and tons of copra and beche-de-mer which they had stored for safety. This they pressed Captain Baxter to receive; he declined, however, to take advantage of their grateful feelings without giving them a fair return, and he sent on shore an ample supply of trade axes, tomahawks, and clothing, with all the fancy articles that de light the semi-civilised kanaka. In addition to this rich cargo, dozens of the islanders desired to visit Queensland, and try a few years on the sugar plantations. Many of them had lost wives and children in the late attack on their chief village, and they longed to get away from the spot that reminded them so bitterly of their loss; they also burned with the desire for revenge, and this they hoped to obtain by the aid of the Foam. But the greatest stroke of luck for Captain Baxter and his crew was the discovery of an islander who knew of the passage in the reef at Lobo Island. He bad at one time been captured by the Lobos while fishing far out in his canoe, and had been carried to the island where he had been kept a prisoner, but had escaped on the very day he had expected to provide the Lobos with a meal. With the sailors of the Terror and the Tammo kanakas, some 80 in number, Captain Baxter had a crew of 130 fighting men, and he set sail from Tammo with the determination of entering the reef at Lobo and landing to search closely for the hiding place of the Bevenge and the last of the French escapees, which he now felt convinced were somewhere about the island, as their new pilot declared that there were numerous creeks and inlets in which a small vessel might be hidden. Jacques and his companions were delighted when first the Terror and then the Foam had left the island without discovering their whereabouts; and now several days had elapsed and no vessel had been in sight, they were getting tired of their inactivity, and resolved to put forth in their little rover and endeavor to recoup themselves for their late losses. The Frenchmen, instead of finding they had lost prestige with the savages through their late disaster, found it greatly to their advantage. They considered the prowess of the whites in the late action far superior to their own, and felt great security in* having even two or three of these formidable warriors as allies. Besides, the great King Bumba was dead, and who more fitting to take his place than the white chief and ally, Jacques ? Thus the wily Frenchman found he had supreme command of all on the island. He now made up a picked crew of the most renowned and courageous of the islanders and placed them on board the Bevenge, and as soon as it was light one morning, he mounted to the highest point of the Lobo and swept the horizon with his glass, but no sign of any vessel could he see. At that moment close in shore beneath him was the Foam, skimming along, just outside the reef, with all sails set; but she was so close in as to be hidden from the French* man's sight, and Jacques, shutting up the glass, hurried down the hill, and soon sprang gaily on the deck of the Bevenge. She was quickly unmoored and hauled out of the inlet, and, spreading her wings, she soon sper) through the channel. Jacques headed his vessel off shore for the Queensland coast, trusting to fall in with some unsuspicious vessel. They had scarcely cleared the channel, however, when, to their surprise and dismay, the Foam, with every stitch, of canvas set, came bowling round a point of the island. It was too late to retreat, the only chance was to carry on and outsail the Foam, and this Jacques found an easy matter; the Revenge could sail two feet to the Foam's one. He laughed and chuckled to reassure his crew, then running up the black flag, be fired a musket-shot in derisive reply to the shell from the Nordenfeldt that exploded far in his wake. Every man and boy on board the Foam, from the smallest powder-monkey to the old grey captain, whistled for a stronger breeze as they saw the Bevenge escaping from them, and flying like a bird before the light breeze, which barely filled the saUii of the Foam. The Tammo Islanders ground their teeth with rage and grew terribly excited; they wanted to land on the island and kill and slay all before them, but Captain Baxter pacified them by pointing to the Bevenge, and telling them all the chiefs and greatest warriors of the Lobos would be sure to be on board; and soon they leave the island far behind, and, by midday, it is out of sight, while the Bevenge is a mere white spec on the horizon in front. But now the breeze freshens; stronger and stronger it blows, and the sails of the Bevenge rise higher and higher; her hull comes in view; it's Captain Baxter's turn to laugh now, and the Tammo men are ominously sharpening their tomahawks; the sailors are grinding cutlasses. But a stern ohase is proverbially a long one; the sun goes down; dark ness sets in, and shuts out the Bevenge. The wind In lb, nnd when the daylight again appears, a toBsing waste of waters on every hand surround the Foam. Tbis is the sigbt that greets the eyes of Beginald Graham, Captain Baxter, and the sailors and islanders on board the Foam. But not even the dim ghost of a spec could be Been to denote the whereabouts of the Bevenge. Captain Baxter spent an anxious time j if this vessel escapes him, she might do incalculable damage on the coast, and he did not know if she had doubled on him in the night or sailed straighten. But he decided to hold the same course which would, at all events, bring him into the direct courae of trading vessels, and he would be able to warn any he should meet with. In three days more they reached the coast Without sighting any vessel, and that morning they came in sight of Bluff Cape, and there, stealing along in shore, they recognised the schooner Bevenge.. She no longer floated the black flag. Like the spider,she was waiting for her prey; she had hardly any sail set, and had doubtless taken the Foam for some helpless trader, which she waited to attack. But now she discovers her mistake, and cracks on all sail, and again the little craft shows the Foam a clean pair of heels. Poor Captain Baxter, Beginald, and the men of the Foam are nearly mad with rage and disappointment again to be tantalised and baffled; miie after mile they carry on, and distant and more distant their hopes become. They had rounded the Bluff, and the Bevenge is steering due south down the coast, increasing her lead each moment. Suddenly she alters her course and stands straight put to sea. " Hullo!" said Reggie, who noticed this new movement, " what's she up to now V* " Hanged if I know," shouted old Baxter.; " but if she tries to work to windward of us we are bound to have her." " Begorra, and that's thrue for .ye. Captain," said Mike, who stood by," aich minute we are getting closer and closer. Arrab, bedadj I belaye the varments wants to fight us after all." " Well, Mike, they never were more welcome/* said old Baxter, as he issued orders to beat to quarters, and to make every preparation to meet the enemy. * " It strikes me," said Beggie, " that they would never have the cheek to stand out and meet us with out they were forced to. What fan if they have caught Bight of the Terror; she ought to be returning by now." As if to prove Beggie's surmiees, "Misser Captain," came Jumbo's voice from aloft, " me see him smoke; me thinkit steamer come up frighten 'em pirate altogether." " Well doneJ depend upon it that's what has caused the pirate to face us ; they have chosen the lesser of the two evils," said the skipper. " By golly! steamer come up cabon quick; that Terror right ennff," shouted Jumbo from aloft. (To be continued.) 