'Short, Sharp* Shiny.' Loan. Forty boats lost. Russia intriguing. Grand rains again. Civil war in Crete. Will Hanlan come 1 Afghans still rising. 'The First Cloud.' Bough on directors. A ghoBt at Oradock. ' Help the children.' Archbishop Reynolds, Erady gets his £1,000. A children's sanitarium. A 'rush at Balhannah.' . Pastor Hiddlestone dead. Boolcunda Creek haunted. Burglary at Port Augusta. Silver casket for the Queen. A lot of disappointed leaders. The famouB Sunbeam coming. A splendid trip by the Ornraz. An Exhibition choir organised. Dreadful pearl fishing disaster. Chrysanthemums in the desert. We congratulate Dr. .Reynolds. The Rev. S. Hebditch in reply, S. A, bonds declined \ per cent. The 6.O.M. to PameU's rescue, The loan expected to be success. More intimidation by the Bear ? O. where is friend Biemera now? Horrible opium dens at Ballarat. Charles CollinB, the brave miner. - - Yachting all over for this season. A grand ' tuck-out' for the poor. A batch o£' wants' from Frome. Real spirit-knocking in the north. The totalizator is not crashed yet. Irish members going for the Times. Excursion trains for the Exhibition. Shipping failures expected at home. The haunted cottage is now deserted. British victory down by Wady Haifa. A Melbourne miser died worm £1,000. Paddy out for the Legislative Council. Mr. Hobbs has an interesting nursery. The Australian mail service settled up. Ten inches of rain on Monkira station. Goods getting into the Exhibition now. A coffee palace in Industrial Buildings A ' willy willy ' is a terrible customer. Admission to the Exhibition is to be Is. Queensland eeparaiionists not done yet. The ' Yag.' has got a big libel action on. A sad case of suicide at Mount Gambier. Lord and Lady Brassey will soon be here. Mr. von Doussa going on with his appeal. ' An unwarranted and gratuitous insult.' ' The Escaped Nun' had a quiet meeting. Why oppose the idea altogether, Mr. Cox? Is the long-looked- for good season coming? The mayor refused an extra vote of £1,000. Messrs. Scott and Everard were re-elected. Mr. Horn, M.P., presents his first petition. Another fair clearing up from the New Era. Lord Salisbury throwing Afghanistan away. Glenelg Institute financial difficulty adjusted. \- Queensland is to have charge of New Guinea. The country ought not to be fooled by banks. Seme of the pearl fishingboats are turning up. Another victory for the Australian delegates. Exodus exceeded influx by 11 only hist week. Another annexe to be built at the Exhibi tion. Railway employes have formed an associa tion. Melbourne banks are declaring satisfactory divs. Rev. J. Lyall moderator for the ensuing year. Ormuz mails delivered in' London in 28 days, | Golinderies accounts exciting adverse com ment. Russia increasing her Baltic and Pacific fleets. A hallelujah lass fined 5s. for making a noise. Albany to be fortified with the best arma ments. Perkins, the sculler, coming out to Aus tralia. Distress at Bulli owing to the mines being closed. The surveys at Bookmark are nearly com pleted. Mr. H. E. Downer 'socialled' at Port Elliot. England allowing Russia & say in Afghan affairs. Will our visitors find accommodation any where ? ? Marjoram has five charges of burglary to answer. Mr. BounEcveil sold his greyhounds in Mel bourne, South Australia insulted by Melbourne bank people. Big sculling- contests to be arranged at Sydney. Sir Samuel Griffith spoke in favor of pro tection. England will have to interfere amongst the turbans. About 500 lives were lost in the pearling disaster. Beve d'Or appropriated the Thousand Guineas. South Australia going in debt for another £850,000. Wellington central post-office Buccumbed to fire fiend. Canadians will subsidise a mail service to Australia. A colonial tender accepted in Sydney for 500 axleboxes. Now, then, ladies, carry out Dr. Campbell's suggestion. Country districts waking up on the Jubilee movement. Labor from the other colonies is flooding into Melbourne. What a monotonous country it must be north . of Hergott. Sculling stars to shine next January on the Parramatta. Our new professor of agriculture has good testimonials. ' Canadian Parliament condemned the Irish Crimes Bill. Mr. Jones will value the squatters' im provements. West Australia's pearling industry almost annihilated. Mr. Stock earned the thanks of the Glenelg Corporation. The Tiscr commended by the Port Adelaide Corporation. Henniker will get knighted over that postal business yet. ' ' A big canal to be cut right through New South Wales. So that bore at Coward's Springs is a Frankenstein. It is significant that Charley Parnell should wieh to retire. The Leader doesn't approve of Sir Robert Ross's scheme. Mr. Raikes has an 'onsatisfactory' reply to our Henniker. Emperor Billy has ordered the release of the French bobby. Our own Sir John did not attend the fair trade banquet. About 450 lives lost off the coast of north west Australia. A ghost at Boolcunda has ' rapped' afamily out of their hut. Let us pray that General Gordon is a prisoner with the Arabs. What have colonial Parliaments to do with British politics? What a jollification there will be on the Queen's Jubilee. The Hon. G. C. Hawker going to lead the attacking party. ' The Hon. H. Scott never owed the National Bank a farthing. The Conservator of Forests haB a good report of the south- east. 'Indisputable evidence' that General Gordon still lives. The Lion andBearwon't yield an inch on the Afghan question Applications coming in for grazing and cultivation blocks. The Czar wants to setup Ayoub Khan on the Afghan throne. The Bank of Adelaide has bought 217 oz. of Forest Range gold. Mayor Smith accepted the position with all its responsibilities, Bennett and Con Dwyer are going to ride a series of test raceB. The Associated Banks don't ' seem' to be anxious for money. The Scots Church seemB to be an endless cause for squabbling. The black murderer at Kimberley resisted arrest, and was shot. Only 2,700 guineas for a picture for the Mel bourne Art Gallery. Lord Salisbury taking a firm staad in regard to the New Hebrides. Expected that 12,000 children will take part in the demonstration The farmer's little girl was the particular weakness of the ghost. Will there be a row over the election of the two vetoed directors? National Bank declared dividend of 12J and bonus 2i=15 per cent. The Argus has now got mixed up with the Sects Church troubles. All the Orient boats are to be met by a special tiain in future. The mallee scrub is not such a desert as people used to imagine. ''Bill made one or two observations about the axle and its maker.' Railway Department making concessions during Exhibition time. Wales regrets his inability to come along and smile graciously upon us. The Bear prompting the Turkey not to accept the Lion's proposals. Morganites want the midday train to run throngn to their township. The Chinese have built a joss-house at Sydney at a cost of £1. 000. English Postmaster-General arranging a 3d. letter postage to Australia. McCarthy and CoEtello fought a draw at Sydney on Saturday night. Twenty-one Inggera and six large boats were lost in the pearling disaster. Big ^umpiring again— this time from the shores of Lake Alexandrina. No child under 7 years of age can take part in the schools' demonstration. . Marjoram wanted to go kangarooing — another name for ' burgling.'' Lord and Lady BraBsey to be asked to bring the Sunbeam to Holdfast Bay. Sir Henry and Lady Loch have paid obeisance to King Billy Dalley at Manly. A young lady bitten by a fly at Bithurst died from erysipelas in a week. Australian Mortgage Company have de clared a dividend of 10 per cent. Glenelg wants all the distinguished visitors to anchor their vessels in its bay. Gladstone says his friend Parnell was horri fied at the Phoenix Park outrage. The 'army' must not bloak up the thorough fare or make disagreeable noises. The Unionists are standing by the Govern ment over the Irish Crimes Kill, Canada will give £40,000 for a service from Vancouver's Island to Australia. Private gentlemen are making preparations to entertain distinguished visitors. The unemployed in Sydney wanted to be heard before the bar of the 'Ouse. N.S.W. is beginning to receive her war material ordered by King Dalley. The City Council have forced £500 upon our popular- mayor for jubilee expenses. . England and Russia at variance over the settlement of the Afghan boundary. Ex-Mayor Bundey has had an addresB pre sented to him from the City Council. The native children about Strangways Springs have a ' bleached appearance.' The Irish National League bear testimony to the good work done by the Cabra nuns. It is stated that the total number of membsrs of the Primrose League is now 585,710. The name Saxon, as applied, to the people, comes from Sachs, meaning knife-men. Jerry prophesying that Englishmen would soon be convinced of their fiscal errors. Will Taylor be able to keep land nationalisa tion out of the scheme of the committee ? What thanksgivings there would be if the hero of Khartoum were still in existence. Why spend immense capital on a Pacific cable when communication already exists ? The estimate of the number of lives lost in the pearlinGrdisasler is now reduced to 250. Fancy Henry Taylor, McLaren, and Clements before the bar of any Assembly. The P. & O. and Orient Companies likely to come to terms with the Australian colonies. Clarke, of Aberdeen, won thesix days' bicycle contest in Melbourne. Distance, 780 miles. Sir Graham Berry delivered a powerful ora tion on protection at the fair-trade banquet. The English and- Scottish Bank has pur chased nearly 11,000 ouneeB of Teetulpa gold. Why .'does the hero of Ireland propose to resign the leadership of the Horns Rule patty ? Great Britain will not depart, from the treaty securing the autonomy of the New Hebrides. The moderator of the South Australian Pres byterian Assembly praises Sir Graham Berry. Ladies, a children's sanitarium would be a lasting monument to your motherly instincts. Why did the general manager of the National Bank come over to the S, A. meeting? The attitude of Lord Salisbury on the New Hebrides question is warmly commented upon. The Conservator of Forests expects to get the scrub cleared at an average cost of 103. per acre. ' Bizzy will release Sclraaebell if it can be shown that he was enticeffinto German terri tory. The Hon. W. C. Buik and Mr. R, T. Moore negotiating to work the Sydney tram ines. The South Australian Irish National League have forwarded another £230 to 'Oold Oir land.' Whatever should we do if we hadn't the mysterious movements of the Russians to talk about ? A strong committee formed to arrange the schools demonstration in honor of the Qaeen's Jubilee. Local clergymen are receiving some of the new appointments in the Roman Catholic Church. The Rev. Joseph Parker, D.D., of London, is spoken of in New York as a successor to Mr. Beecher. South Australia pulled the National through when big losses were made ia the other colonies. One thousand and twelve cases of oranges were chipped from Sydney to London on Satur day last. London newspapers beginning to think that the colonies are of some use to the mother country. A young woman at Mount Gambier com mitted suicide because her deceiver would not marry her. The first reward for the discovery of a pay able )?oidfield is to be handed over to Brady and Smith. The mother of General Boulanger isVan Englishwoman, and lives in a very quiet way near Paris. The Greenwich Hospital pension of £25 a year, for carpenters, has been ^awarded to Mr. B. Pochetty. A city newsroom has been established in Hunter-street, Sydney. The venture promises to be-a success. A joke has cost Orla Wilheltn Mailer, a painter,- of Leichardt, the use of his leg for an indefinite period. The railway policy of the New -South Wales Government is to be propounded in a fortnight from the present. Poet Mattinson is going to bring the ques tion of t6e wooden house and other matters before Parliament. Mr. Beecber was, it is said, offered the large sum of 30,000 dollars for the completion of his 'Life of Christ.' One million seven hundred and forty thousand quarters of wheat are now afloat for the United Kingdom. ' Mr. Hibditch believes there never was a 'Church so pure, so good, bo dignified,' as the English Church. The British Government are apparently about to take the first step towards losing control of the Ameer. The 'scene of the pearl fishing catastrophe is off the coast in the neighborhood of the Kimberley goldfields. The Melbourne directors took care to secure their own election before they insulted the Adelaide shareholders. Lady Loch started the idea of ladies' meat ings in each colony to consider the celebration of the Queen's Jubilee. The infant son of the German Crown Prince was baptised at Potsdam, the Emperor and EmpreBB being present. A lady in N.S.W. writes to the 'Tiser Victorian Government going to ask for £35,000 for 10 years as share towards establish ing an Australian fleet. The Hon. G. A. Lloyd, M.L.C., N.S.W., will be presented with a working men's testi monial on the 14th proximo. The work of the New South Wales Royal Commission for the conservation of water will conclude on the 10th instant. It is said Philadelphia has more electric lights than London and Pans combined, and is still adding to the number. ALAS ! A5IEN ! Should a Bachelors' Tax Bill pass Ah ! what would happen then The men— they'd cry ' Alas !' The maids— they'd sigh 'A- men !' 