OUTOFTHE DEPTHS a;tale of tebror. . CUAFTEB VI. — Continued. "That wasat so, bogging your honour's pardoo; for I'll wager a dozen fares that 1 overtook the thief that came here. He directed me to the wrong p.ace. Alar both horse and cart tumble from the leree into the river! I went a full quarter of a rule below, uakm1 a terrible din at every door that boro any resemblance to the place described, gettin' heartily .curbed for mv pains." "Pierre, Pierre!" exclaimed Da VUIanville, anxiously. Pierre was confounded; "You did not again sco this scoundrel ?" added Do VUIanville, ad' dressing the earner. " No ; . but 1 heard his cart lum- bcrin slowly up the street." "I dare not trust the dust of my poor niece in such hands. Pursue uim, honest fellow, and take the body from him. Bury it carefully ; do not heap it in with the common herd ; allow it a separate resting-place. Place a little wooden cross over the spot, that you may afterwards show it me. When this is done, como for your reward; meantime, take this piece of gold to quicken your move ments.' Do Villanville threw a coin at the carrier's feet, much as ho would toss a bono to a cur. " What is your name ? " "Jude Echwartz. For further in formation go to the undertakers." v Jude drew up his shoulders face tiously. "Go at once, at»rf don't fail," said De Villanville, with an impatient ges ture. " Trust me for that ; I owe the liar a grudge, and I'U pay him off, I'll warrant. He drives a wretched beast. I'm gone, monsieur." Jude Schwartz hurried away, well pleased frith his commission. " You bod better mount one of the horses, Pierre, and follow a short dis tance behind, to see if he is faithful, or needs any assistance. Pierre left the house without reply, manifestly perplexed. Monsieur joined madamo in her room. 44 Fanny," said the latter, " go up to our poor dear's chamber, open all the windows, lock the door, and bring me tbe key." " I cannot," replied Fanny. " Why can you not ? " asked her mistress, sharply. "I am afraid of the plague; if I breathe them three times, I am sure I should have it, and die." "What right have you to fear?" began madame, with some temper, but elieckad-horeolf. .. Silly thing? you cannot die till your tune comes." " I will not go 1 I had rather jump into the river. You may kill mc, but I daro not go. I should expect to see her ghost, too." Fanny ran shivering from tho room, to join her fellow-servants, and talk about tho fever and mademoiselle. " You see, FhiltpThat there is a panic in the house, Evocyone thinks of his or her life. Come, let us serve ourselves; let us show more courago than these menials." "Excuse me, Leonora." " You a coward, too?" " I could moot death on the field of battle, but 1 shrink from th»v horriblo yellow demon. Did yon tMqb you bcanl tho sound of a trowel to-night, Leonora ?" Hush, visionary! How long will you suffer these fancies to haunt you? Look at this hand." She stretched out a very white, pretty " Observe how much smaller it is than yours. Take hold of it ; does it tremble? " " No, Leonora ; it is calm and cold." " Yours is hot and nervous. Come, Philip, do not let a woman shame von. " Proceed madame ; I follow." ' The pair stood in the now shunnod chamber ; there was a smell in it, ami a vacancy and still ness there to make one shudder. Where was that peerless human shape that had so recently pressed that disturbed couch? As thought of it, jolting unhonoured and alone to tho strangers burial- ground, a little tremor went over her person. "Poor soul! poor soul!" she mut tered, and raised tbe window. "Richer than we, perhaps," said Do VUIanville. " Don't drivel, Philip 1" "One is not iron, Leonora! This affects even you ; you cannot disguise vour secret terror. Do not touch those garments; death mar be in them!" " Not the yellow death." Madame was folding some articles of Carolina's dress. She atoppol abruptly, and turned to her husband: "Phillip was not this fever strangely sudden ? Did you like Dr. Merignya calmness ?' "It was Hidden, and the doctor was calm.' "The - error of employing him might have proved a Cam one. He was too quiet, too conscious. I could not brook bis eyes." " You never need fear De. Merig a ft ej/e» !' " " Phillip 1" ' Bradame dropped the article' she held ; she looked at him steadily, but ie gazed moodily at the vacant bed. Madame breathed hard a moment, < aud mechanically opeucd a little drawer in the table by the bedside. ' It is gone !" she exclaimed. "What is goner" "A chain and picture; h'e picture." 41 Catholina asked for it yesterday, and I gave it to her. Do not thiuk of it. I hope it will he buried out of sight I" "There were symbolical characters on the reverse of'it. Perhaps ho be longed to a secret order. You had better have cast it into the fire, Philip !" . "Leonora, I could swear that I heard that accursed trowel again!" murmured De VUIanville. "This air is not good for you, Philip ; let us go." A audden chill xotrar I to affect madame, and she closed and lockod tbe door with evident trepidation. "Fcr Heaven's sake! she whis pered, " nover speak of that trowel again! Turn vour thoughts on something moro cheerful. Think of our son — think of our Raymond, who will bo with us in a few days, or even hours. We shall find him a fine, handsome fellow, Raymond wUl bo rich, Philip— very rich !' " Yes, Raymond will bo rich," re peated De Villanville, absently; but one cannot forget. I dream of brick layers and masonry." You shall find forgotfulnessin mo and in Raymond. lie will como to us full of beauty and manhood." " May ho keep his conscience un sullied ! May his soul bo liko a sun beam ! The companionship of crime " I bear a step in the hall 1 It is quick and eager ; it is Me step ; no other would be so joyful," interposed madame, end was hastening forward, when De Villanville stopped her. "Pause, Leonora I Reflect upon our situation ; our son finds us plunged in grief and affliction; we meet him with subdued gladness. Tears of sadness mingle with our greetings. He will ask, " Where is my cousin?" "Havo I not shown myself tho stronger of tbe two? Do" you dis trust me now ? Release me and let mc fly to my son 1" She threw off De VillanviUe'a hand, and flew down the stairs. Her in stincts and her hopes had not deceived her. An elegant young man met her in the bail, and received her in his outstretched arms. 44 My boy !" "My mother!" She kissed him, and pushed him from her, and looked at him. 44 Ah ! Philip, how tall and comely he has grown !" " Raymond," said De Villanville, 41 welcome home!" The young man held out both hands to his father. 44 1 thought to takoyou br surprise ; but I find you up, and apparently waiting my coming. Some busy little bird must havo flown to tell you. Where is Catholina ? Sho is sleep ing, I suppose 44 Yes, said madame, with a sigh; 41 Catholina is sleeping !" " Let the pretty dreamer be called at onco. Iconnotwiattillthouaualhoar of rising. I havo heard that she is a marvel of perfection," added Ray mond. 41 So perfect, that ibo has been deemed worthy of tho companionship of angels." 14 Mother ! you mako mo tremble ! What mean these sighs, these down cast looks, these tears ? You fill me with apprehension." " Raymond, Catholina Is dead 1" 44 Dead !" repeated the young aghast with dismay. "The plague V said Madamo De YEIanvHle. "The yellow horror 1" added her husband. "You strike mc dumb ! When was this ?" 14 At two o'clock this morning." "Thank God! I shall see her body," said Raymond. 44 Alas, Catholina!" "My son," sail De Villanville, "she is hidden from us all. The tern hand of necessity is upon us, she is buried." "Such haste is shocking !' ex claimed the young man impulsively. "It adds to the bitterness of be reavement," answered madame. "You have returned in an evil hour. there been tune between the an nouncement of your visit 'and the day settled for storting, we should "have warned you to re main. The dead-carts wielrp melan choly music in the streets. Friends are hurried out of sight as soon as they cease to breathe." "This news destroys the pleasaroof return. I had resolved that Catho lina should be my pet." 