A MAN'S MOTHER-IN-LAW. It is a 'my«tory which no one hag yeii aolved Why so many sad jokoa are. constantly being 'perpetrated about a man's mother-in-law. What dreadful crimo has the unfortunate woman committed in providing the man with !his wife that lie should bear such an undying 'grudge against her. _ Now if it was awoman's mother-in-law who ,Waa made the butt of these jokes there might 'be a grain of sanse in them ; for it is the man's Another who has it in her power to make lif» a burden to the young wife and not half try. As a matter of fact, a woman is usually proud 'and fond of her son-in-law if he only givej her the ghost of a chance. , When the young couple first go to house keeping who is it that comes in and wish her ! •good sense and practical experience tides them 'over the rough places ? A main's mother-in-law. * It is the woman's mother-in-law who ie most 'apt to criticise, and who exasperates the young wife of quotiug, all too frequently', "Myson is 'Used to have things thus and so." " My son must have this or that for hie raeala." "My "son, with his small income, should have married 'a prudent, eoonomical, woman," etc. When the first baby makes it appearance, as \vell as the successive ones, who is it that steps in and relieves the husband of his weary vigils, 'and.fcakes the load of care and worry off the wife's feeble shoulders, and k#epa the household 'running smoothly? The man's mother-in-law. When he and his wifo plan to take a little trip together, who is it comes in and takes charge of the house and children, so that they 'can peacefully enjoy their holiday, with ths jestftti thoueht. " Mother is there and it will 'he all right ?" The man's mother-in-law. 1 When there is sickness or trouble in the 'house, who is the faithful nurse the wise 'counsellor, the sympathizing friend ? The mail's mother-in-law. And if, in the course of events, the wife dies, 'who i3 it that usually comes in and takes care of ,'the children, and keeps up the home till the bereaved husband has time to look around and 'find another wife. A man's mother-in-law. And how does he reward her for all this j 'devotion? ' By making heartless jokes at her expense, 'and publishing them for other men to snicker 'over J 'Ingratitude, the name is Man ! 