A GAME OF CHANCE. BY ELLA J. CURTIS (SHIRLEY SMITH), Author of " The Favorite of Fortune,'^ 11 All for Herself,' " His Last Stake," &c;" &c.; [Published by speda arrangement with the author A1 rights reserved. CHAPTER XLY.-SAVED ! The marriage was arranged to take place at half-past 11, aa the bride and bridegroom were to leave by an early train in the afternoon for London en route for Paris; and soon after 10 the streets of the little town were filled to overflowing with sightseers who had flocked in from the neighboring villages. The tenants on the estate, with their wives and daughters, mastered in force, as they were to be re galed with a big dinner in the afternoon in honor of the event. The high road leading from the church to the park gates was lined on each side with curious spectators, and soon after 11 the carriages of the neighboring gentry, who had received invitations to the ceremony and to the wedding break fast, began to drive up to the church in rapid succession. Ellen Balfour was busy long before 11 marshalling her little flock of school girls ; they all wore fresh white frocks, and carried baskets filled with flowers. Ellen herself looked pretty and modest in her soft g«wn of gray cashmeres and white bonnet, but she was very pale and nervoup, and her eyes were constantly straying to the path across the church meadows along which Charles Rossitur would come from the farm. Hia sister arrived in gocd time, and reported that he was coming, but that he would not allow her to wait for him. " He is worse than usual this morning, I am afraid," she said. " I listened ab hia door several times last night, and I could hear him talking to himself, and even laughing in a way that made my blood run cold to hear, for I was afraid he was going to cut his throat or shoot him self. When he came out to breakfast he said he was all right, but he did not taste a mouthful, and 1 am sure he will not be able to play to-day." While she was still talking of him he came up, looking so handsome, bub oh, ao wofully ill, Ellen thought. But he was perfectly calm and collected ; in good spirits, a stranger would have thought, for he said a gay word or two to Ellen as he shook hands, and laughed and joked with the little girls, and took a white flower from the fullest basket to fasten in the button-hole of his black velvet coat. The villagers always said he was affected in his dress, and he certainly did not look very like the son of a farmer, in hia loose velvet coat, low turned- down collar and carelessly knotted neckerchief of dark crimson silk. Perhaps it was that pic turesque Bohemian costume that first caught Lady Judith's fancy when he went to the park to give her lessons on the organ. As soon as he and Ellen Balfour had mounted to the organ loft his mood changed. " I do not know how it will be when I feel my fingers on the keys," he said as he unlocked and opened the in strument, " but I do not think I can play a noie. My head aches so fearfully that ; 1 should just like to knock it against the I wall yonder and quiet it for evermore ! i There! That is better," he added pre- ' sently as he seated himself and begau to ! play. "There is nothing like music for ; . chasing away or charming the evil spirits and the ghosts of the pas a that was the present only the o!her day. I wanted to come down here last night to try a volun tary that came into my head as I waE lying awake. It went something like this." He began to play, but presently wandered off in a feeble, aimlesa manner, and finally stopped. " I cannot do it," he said at last, " The inspiration went with the night," "The choristers are coming in," said Elhn, who was looking over the curtain that hung in front of the lofc. " Do you ! want the music of the hymn ?" | "Of the wedding hymn ? The voice !' ' he said "Oh no. I could play it in my sleep. My Bleep !" he said dreamily. "1 j wonder if 1 shall ever sleep again ? l7es; soundly to-night when it is all over and I fl.e can never tempt me again, I shall j sleep." The words fell from him slowly, and in i a half whisper, but Eiien heard them only too distinctly and a great terror came over her that he was going mad. " Were you ever tempted, little Ellen ?'1 he asked pi-esently, looking up with his beautiful pathetic eye3. But there was something more than pathos in them that day ; they were full of inarticulate pain. "Have you ever known what it was to have the happiness you have dreamed of, and longed for with mad longing, put temptingly before your eyes, but between you and it a slough of mud and mire you would have to wade through before you could grasp it ? Not you, girl! Tempta tion is a word in your dictionary, not in your life; a thousand times a day I call myself an idiot and a fool for resisting, and yet the mire and dirt would surely have choked me some day. But I did not hesitate a moment, Ellen; remember that to my credit by and by. I flung it from me and rushed out into darkness, madness, and despair !:> " I wish you would let me play for you, and go home and lie down," she said per suasively. 'This dreadful pain is too much for you." " Only half an hour more, Ellen," he answered, " and then I shall lie down and rest and sleep too ; but I must play tha wedding march as she goes out of church a wife ! See, I am all right now. My lingers are quite strong and steady. Let me have a peep at all the fine folk," he added, getting up and looking over the curtain. " What a lot of swells in pretty clothes ! Ellen, what would they do if they had to walk through a pool of blood down there to their carriages, or if it dripped down upon them aa they passed out r "Oh, pray do not talk in that wild way !" ciied Ellen, now seriously alarmed. " Where ia Alice ? I wish she was here." "Never mind Alice ; we do not want her. She is not quiet, like you, i£llen ; and I am talking nonsense. My head i3 light for want of sleep-and there is the signal for me to begin. Tell me what you think of the bridegroom, Ellen. He is too old for her, but he is very kind and good. Now then." He began the hymn, "The voice that breathed o'er Eden," and the choir began to Bing as soon as the bride was inside the church. RoBBitur seemed calm now, and he asked no more questions. Ellen stood looking over the curtain, admiring, girl like, the brilliant throng, and the beautiful group formed by the bride and her train of bridesmaids. As soon aa the ceremony began Rossitur left his seat and joined her. Not a muscle of his face moved as he listened to the exhortation ; but when it came to the bride's turn to plight her troth he turned away with a gesture incomprehensible to his companion, and seated himself again at the organ. " Come and stand by me with the prayer-book, Ellen," he whispered, "that I may know when the 'amen' comes in." After that he went through his part of the service without a mistake ; but when the wedding party went into the vestry to sign the register he covered his eyes with hia left hand and aat motionless. Ellen stood watching him, and she noticed that -his right hand was hidden in the inside breast pocket of his coat. It was on that spot she kept her eyes, why she hardly knew, but she fancied he was hiding something there. Presently she whispered-" They are coming out. Can you play the m»rch." For one moment he looked at her with a puzzkd expression as if he did not understand what she said, then he drew his hand from his pocket and began to play the well-known Wedding March a? it bad never been played in that church before. It was too fast and much too loud, and the reverberating chords echoed through the building Lady Judith Mil banke looked up at the curtained gallery and wondered if he wa3 alone there. With a sudden break in the music the march ceased, and soft and low came a few bars of '' With Verdure Clad," bub that also broke off abruptly, and the ex quisite melody, " Oh, for the wings of a dove," floated out and thrilled every ear with its unexampled sweetness. .'What is the organist about? Is he mad thi3 morning ?" said one guest to another down below. Yes . what was he about, and was ha mad ? Entranced with the maaic she loved, Ellen forgot her fears ; but shs was recalled to herself by a shock so appal ling that to her dying day she never forgot it. With the cunning of madness, and he was mad, poor fellow, that day, Eoseitur noticed her preoccupation ; he continued to hold some chords with his left hand, and his right glided again to the pocket of his coat. The chord3 be came discords, and, her attention parcially amused, Ellen locked at him, and at first noticed nothing except that he was pul ling at his necktie as if ifc were choking him. The next moment, with a cry for help that rang through the building, she flung herself upon him, and with all her strength fought with him for the open penknife he held tin his hand. He had already given one wild gash to his throat, and if her slender fingers, nerved with ihe force of horror and despair, had not closed upon liis, he would presently have lain dead at her feet. At last, with one desperate effort, she wrenched the knife asvay; flung it high above the curtin, and heard it ring a3 it fell into the aisle below. (To be continued.) 