THE " GHOST' STORY. The Blackrock correspondent of the Northern Argus writes on May 24 " Since the 17th inet. the residents of this part have been in a state of great excitement over the Yanyarrie and Cradock ghost story, the subject of it, the little girl Schultze, being brought here by her father upon the above date, in consequence of Mr. and Mrs. Hamdorfs relnctance to keeping the child any longer. Sufficient has been witnessed here by many persons, myself amongst the number, to convince us that the reports appearing from Cradock were not exaggerated, although unaccountable. Knock ing has been heard here when the child was sound asleep, but she BeemB under some strange and powerful influence during the time the knocking continues, as her arms are restlesB and her head rollB about from Bide to side. Having heard that upon touohing her hair whilst in this state the person so doing would experience a shock as of elec tricity, I once or twice attempted this, but each time upon putting my band close to her head, without touching her, she gave a sharp spring in the bed to avoid the oontaot, though still asleep, and casting her head about, sighing, and tosBing her arms. As soon sb the knocking, whioh appeared to be under the wall and close to the child's head, ceased she became quite o&lm;, and her sleep natural. Shortly after the knocking ceased she was awakened, and asked several ques tions, but denied any knowledge of what had transpired during the time she was under this strange influence. Mr. Bodeghiere, to whose place she and her brother have been taken by thefather, has been very much annoyed by the crowds coming there to witness these mani festations. Though perfectly willing to give every facility, the house is often crowded to excess. The knocking is not heard regularly every night, neither does it come at the same time each night. The whole family seem very anxious to have the matter solved, and are perfectly willing to afford every reason able facility to any person wishing to investi gate it. A neighbour of Mr. Schultze's from Eurilpa, who knew the child well up there, informed me to-day that she has lately fallen away very mncb, although she still seems to , be quite lively and cheerful. Several persons j who have seen the child whilst under this influence cannot account for the statement given by Mounted-constable Shegog concern ing the affair that the child was causing the knocks herself. I can positively assert that the child is subject to some yet unaccount able influence, and I trust the question may besoon solved satisfactorily." 