LOCAL AND GENERAL Leotder.—A lecture entitled, " Irish affairs, or Parnell the imposter," is to be delivered ac the meeting of the Loyal Orange Lodge, No. 18, on Friday evening next. Appeal Coubt.—A court for the hearing of appeals against the assessments in the Borough of Granville will bo he held to-morrow, Thursday, at the ParramattH Courthouse j Land and Pkofekty.—Mills and Pile report having sold: —Lot 8, Beat's eubdiviijian, Dura!, 30a. 2r. 29p., at £7. £2U 16s 4d—Mr. Redmond ; lots 6 and 7, 60a. Or. 32|p., at £7, £21 8s 6d—Mr. Houghley; lots 19 and 26, sec. 4, township of Auburn, £87 16s—Mr. Seager; lots 17 and 18, sec. 6, £84—Mr. t^eager; lot 23, seo, 8, £42 lis 6d—Mibb Armstrong; lit 13, sec 11, £52—Mrs. Young; 2 blocks of land, . Auburn, £66—Mr. Thompson. Richardson and Wrench report having sold:—Lot 13, of Powell's Estate, Homebush, having 128j feet frontage to Oxford-street, for £384 16b—Aire. 7 h impsori. A New Tbick.—'This is the latest trick to live on the "never":—Two young men went to Mrs. Sing's establishment in Macqnarieetreet and took apartments there. They said j that they were artists, and were sketching around Parramatta. They gave Mrs. King two of their pictures to put in the window, which she acocrdingly did. The young gentlemen lived on the best to be procured for about eight days, when no doubt they thought they had imposed long enough on one person; so they stealthily removed the pictures from the window one fine morning, and cle&ied; oat without settling up. Tbey play try the game tin tit'some other house, so we would, warn our readers about the matter. It is hard enough to live these times when the lodgers pay up, but many such swindles as these would mean ruination. liSOLVEN'CV.—StrnBBf»En: John l)odnon, of Granville, brickliy<r. Liabilities, £534 6s 7d Assets, £95 6s lid. llr. A. Morris, official an {O'.-t. io fonn a. lut^-iyera' association in Parramatta, in connection with which probtbly a public mieiini; uf too ratepayers will be called early nrxt wff k. License CAJICFCU-SD.—Friday's Gazelle notifies that the publican's lirense held by William Plummer, for aud in respect of the Boyal hotel, sitmte at Wiseman's Creek, was cancelled, he having abandoned such bouse as his usual place of abode. Tub ATT3ESr.y-6nsr.itALsiiir.—On Saturday last, Mr. B. 13. Wise, the successor to Mr. W. j. Foster ae Atlorney-General in the Partes Government, was re-elected for South Sydney. The result of the poll was;—Wise, 2618; Traill, 2678 ; informal, 49. Fh.ie.kdlv Societies' Jubilee Dbmonstba- TtoK'—A meeting of the delegates of the various friendly societies in aud around Parramatta will be held this evening to consider the proposal from the Oddfellows,' Lodge to celebrate tho Queen's jubilee. Thirty-six lodges have been communicated with and the Mayor will preside. Ceubtskt roil IioENSKv.—Mr. M'Oilloch, M.P., on Friday last interviewed the Minister fcr Lands, end asked him to proclaim a site for a cemetery at Hornsby. Mr. Garrelt replied th«'. he would be prepnred to grant the request if Mr. M'Cullorb would find a locality suitable for the purpose. LiYEBrooL CoUKtit.--The regular meeting of the Liverpool Municipal Council was held on Monday evening tasi, when, batwetn th« squabbles and rhetorical gems, an amount of uninteresting business was got through. The tender of Crossley and Macgregor, for altering tbe kerbing aud guttering in Mocquarie-street, was accepted at Is SM per yard. A full report will uppenr in Saturday's issue. Fbuit Tbade with KhglaKn.—Tbe Premier of Victoria boa received a circular letter from the Secretary uf State for the Colonies, asking for information in reference to the fruit industries of the colony, with a view to developing u trade between Australia and England in tropical and semi-tropical fruits. The letter is tinder the consideration of tbe Minister uf Agriculture. Mcsic TOR THE BENEVOLENT AbVLUM.—A week back, it will be remembered that an Italian organ grinder was fined £3 for cruelty to a horse, which he used to draw an organ about town. The organ was to be detained for a week to allow the man time to pay'the fine. The fine was not paid at the prescribed time, and the organ was Bent to tbe Parramatta Asylum in George-street. The inmates have muBic all day long now. Accepted Tekbbub.—Following tenders have been accepted by the Government;—Timothy Small, for tbe supply of firewood un account of the Public Service, for tbe Hospital for the Insane, Gladesville, from June 1, 18S7, to March 31, 1888, John Ahern, the construction of- walls, erection of superstructure and finishing trades of workshops No. 16 to 25, at Eveleigh. A. C. Houseman, the erection of waiting-shed, ticket office, etc., at Berowa, Homebush-Waratah Iiailway. Improving Govebkmbnt Biraonros.—In the Assembly on Friday last. Sir Henay Parkes, in reply to Mr. Taylor, said that there was no record of any amount having been placed upon thel Kstimates ,for the purpose of asphalting, kerbing, and guttering in front of the different Government establishments in the town of Parsumatta, for which no rates were.received- by the Borough Council. The question of giving the necessary authority to carry out this work would receive attention. Hohn6»v Tbains.—ThuB a correspondent:— " Being desirouB of taking up my residence along this line, I shall hail with much satisfaction a change in the management of our railways. Should tbe new commissioners prove to be men of good common sense, we may .reasonably hope that a district so extensive andsp admirably adapted by nature for healthful suburban and.rural settlement will be favored witb more frequent and cheaper facilities for .to and from the city. As things are at-present, one might be led to imagine that tlie object of the railway authorities is to retard battlement as much us possible. They aeefen io treat this line verv much as they would deal with a line in tbe fur west, quite ignoring tlie vast diffeience of tbe position, ete." '" Monicip&jl; Loans.—A very large and: influential deputation' waited upon the Colonial Secretary on Friday for the purpose of urging upon the Government the desirability of taking up municipal loans at a reasonable rate of interest—about 4 per cent. The district w«b represented by Mr. John Nobbs (Mayor of Granville), Mr. JohnB'Wth (Mayor of Prospect and Sherwood), Mr. W. Jackson (Mayor of Kyde), Alderman Jones (Prospect aud Sherwood), and Alderman Moulton (Hyde). Sir Henry Parkes said he sympathised with the objects that they aimed at in trying to get larger powers for improving the several localities, and in getting the means to do so at the moBt economical rate possible. He would •submit the mutter to the^Government in the most impartial way he could, with a view to the application being dealt with in - the most juge and spirited manner that it could be. tbb liooKwooD OsEiiPiOYBD.—Surely tbe present Government is a paternal one, and there are many scoundrels who know it. "They spend their substance in riotous living 1 , and when hard times come they f jist themselves ou to the Government for support. A great number of those who have been employed on works near Bookwoofi are gradually working , up to Parramatta gaol. Is early every day now we have two or three coses from there, charged with the offences of drunkenness and'riotous behaviour. Such cases as these tell against the deserving men on future occasions, and it would be well if a return were made up of all the unemployed who have been convicted of offences, and sent to he id quarters. - These men, when once convicted, should not have another opportunity given them. Lock* BicKAnnsm.—This gifted geml^man appeared at the Victoria Theatre, Part.< ,«ittC| on Friday evening, to a fashionable auiliunoe, when Charles Dickens' well-known 'Christmas story," Marley's Ghost," was sketched by Mr, Bichardeon's wonderful versatility, as truthful and faithful to life, as are all of the great author's charactpre. The smallness of the audience was a reflection on the intellec tuaiity of Parramatta, and was poor encourage mentto eaterprenetas to introduce eutertaiuv meats of a high-claas character. Everybody knows the story of Marley's Ghost, which is one of Dickens' earliest productions. Scrooge, the Bkin-flinted old miser; Bob Cratohit, his hireling, with his straggling partner for life; poor little Tin); old Topper, the bashful bachelor, and Scrooge's plump niece and nephew; Joe, the pawnbroker, Mrs. Dilber, and the FiEziwigB, are well-known- characters in the story, "i'hen there are Marley's Ghost and the three phantoms, who play such an important part and succeed In traneformiijg old Scrooge from a miserable misanthrope to a hearty «nd liberal old man, who scorns to Bay " Humbug " to tbe joyous greetings at Christmastime and fiDds mont enjoyment in making other people happy during the festive season. Mr. Bichardson gives ub every character with unspeakable reality. The grumbling and growling old Scrooge is presented to the Very life, and then by easy and graceful changes we are in the delightful company of the plump neice and nephew^ or listening to the happy cheer of the poor Cratchits, with little Tim sitting right before you as plain as imagination would allow. The greed and grasping of old Joe, the pawnbrnker, and the humour of Mrs. Dilber, are also given in a finished and clever manna by Mi. Bichardaon, who snsfaunB the interest in the story for nearly two hours without a break. This in itself is a wonderful achievement for one man to undertake, but it is accomplished without any extraneous aid by Mr. Bichardeon's rare powers of mimiory ana high hittrionic ability. Se held his audience entranced in the pathetic scenes and caused no end of (laughter in the tumorous parte. We shall be glad to hear of Mr. fiichardson meet- 1 Ing with mora success than he received at Parramatta, and that Mr. liohr, who is running the affair, will find his efforts to'afford such intellectual treats keenly appreciated in New South Wales. i'lEU)-^ '.AUS --.Uli/ * Suuj.r.eli..i K.I t,i'" Field i.r Maie is t<> b>' B"M Vy the Government Tbelsnd snnounds the Bwcroft platfcrm on the Hawkeibury line, and Mills and Pile have been entrusted with the sale. A KFroiiT i* gaining i^ound throughout the electorate that one of our member* will shortly resign his seat in tbe Bouse. Should tliii turn out to be thn case, our mmufxcLu-inif inter rata .—thn backbone of Central Cumberland's advancement—will then have nn opportunity of being represented by a discriminative Protectionist; and in looking out for a likely oandidate to support, let us hopn they will select some old veteran to the Protectionist's cause, like after David Jluehiinin, or even him. gel', if he could be persunded to come forward, and not any sudden convert whose fiscil enlightenment would most probably havo been brought about by tbe allurements of a M.L. A.- shipin perspective. A srsciM. meeting of No. 2 Fire Brigade wae held on Monday evening. Captain Love occupied tbe chair, and twelve members were pr-sent. A letter inviting . delegate* to « meeting of Friendly Societies to consider the best way of celebrating the Queen's Jubilee in Parranintta was read, when it was resolved that thi Brigade aftnd tiei. delegates.. 1st. Lieut. Peaty end JTitenum Greenway were (•elected as delegates. A letter intfting this Brigade to take part in u supper, display of fireworks and torchlight procc-siou'on Jubilwi nigbi,to celebrate tne official opening of the new fire station at Bathurnt, was read. It was resolved thai the liiitrn-l" be represented, and several members signified their intention of Liverpool Municipal Council on Monday evening last, tbe regular meeting collapsing before h«lf of the business was transacted. The Mayor (Mr. Bull) had occasion to leave before 10 o'clock, on Ho::.e unroot private business, and the Council whb compelled to proceed to the election ofa chairman. Two propositions were made—one that Alderman HiiigH should take the chair, *nd at.other tha'. Alderman Ashcioft should fill the position. The Council Clerk, previous to putting the resolutions, warned tbe Council that if the votiug was equal there was no casting vote, and the meeting would lapse. Party feeling is so strong in the Council, however, that any question of public convenience ^as immediately shelved, and each p«ty remaining adamant, the voting on bnth resolutions was equal, and the meeting fell through. Fhcitobowebs' U.vion- of N. S. W.—The usual monthly meeting »f this body was held in the Friendly C)oci<ti<V Hall on Halnrday afternoon last. 'Ihe e was a] good attendance, and Mr. W. Cox presided. The secretary read his monthly report, which was adopted. In the report the tecretary stated that he thought eomi steps might be taken to invite their patron, his Excellency Lord Cirrington, to visit sumo of the beautiful uichards in tbe diutrict. Tbe matter was left in the hands of the president end vice-president of the Union. A deal of correspondence was received from the other colonies v>itb respect to tho codlin motb, nud some specimens, both of the moth and the grub, were forwarded to the secretary. The impresraon in the otber colonies is that this peit is rapidly spreading, and from the description givtn by Mr. Whitaker, tbe correapodents were of opinon that it is the codlin moth that has done such damage in tee orchard of Mr- Edward Gallsrd, of Ryde. Accounts, amounting to £9 3s 6d, were ordered to be paid. The treasurer'^ statement showed a credit balance of £46 16s 8d. It was arrungi d that the anuusl meeting take place on Saturday, the 16th of July. A full report will appear in our issue of Saturday nest. Tub Asylums.—The question of tbe man agement and regulation of the Government ssylumB has engaged the attention of the Government since the report of the Government Asylums. Board has been submitted to Parliament. It is intended that the management of all the asylums—they are four in number, situated.at Liverpool, NewingLon, Georgestreet. Parramatta, and iilacquarie-striot, P»rrauiatt*—shall be tntirely revised and redetermined. The superintendents at these institutions have been requested by the Colonial Secretary to furnish reports of tbe number of inmates in each. Upon tlie receipt of those, returns tbe Government will take stepsto;introduce the changes which are deemed necessary in the regulation of tbe. institution. The details uf the new system are not yet perfected, but the chief feature will bo a classification of the patients, the separation of those who are indigent and infirm from old age fr<>m those who are afflictcd with disease and require medical treatment. Thoseuufiering from illness will be .placed under. a regular system of hospital treatment, and the very old and decrepid who are not far removed from death will be placed under the cam of trained nurses. In order that the system of classification may be more thoroughly carried out, the institutions will themselves be classified, and while every means will be provided for dealing with coses of temporary physical suffering, iu each asylum serious . c&aea; will be placed under skilled medical treatment, in a hospital where there are properly trained nurses and every necessary comfort. The Governmeut are also considering whether it is possible to make provision for allowing the elderly married couplcs to live together. This is a matter which would involve additional accommodation at the institutions, aud thn Government may not feel justified at present in incurring tue expenditure required in connection with it. P*cou«a Fix. — The lofty spirit which animates the actions of some of the aldermen in the Liverpool Council was never so plainly exemplified as at tbe ordinary meeting of thn Council on Monday lost. A motion, in the name of Alderman Wilaon, for some repairs to a footpath in the municipality, was nuder discussion, and Alderman Christiansen rose to move an amendment that the matter be deferred for three months. Now, Alderman Christiansen is a Swede, and although he can express himself fairly well, his acquaintance of tbe English language is barely sufficient to enable him to consign his thoughts to paper. Alderman Taylor seems to have been aware of this, and, contrary to the usual slipshod manner in whiob the business of this Council ae hitherto been conducted, insisted on the amendment being put in writing. This at once placed the foreigner in a fix. However he determined to make an attempt to resist the purpose of the motion and handed the following words to the Mayor:—"This is that be postponed forthree months," explaining at the Bame time that he wiBbed it attached to the motion. Tb9 Mayor, good-naturedly and in a spirit of fair play, was about to put the amendment, when Alderman Taylor took possession of the paper, read it out (thereby creating a laugh from' the clever and enlightened Englishmen or whatever they were assembled) and finally objeoted to its acceptance as an amendment. The Mayor of course had no alternative but to accept the objection. Alderman Christiansen made another attempt to satisfy the intellectual superiority of his critics, but with the same result, and thus by a paluy quibble and mean device he was robbed of bis right to represent the ratepayers who had returned him. Hie resolution was •hen put and carried without further opposition. 