A BSAD DRO~VYMNG PA T'ALIJY. •WARRNAMBOOL, Sunday. Th A sad case of drowning, whereby a t young girl named Alice Angus lost iar the life, occurred at Shelly leaeh about 11 be o'clock this morning. The locality in tie question.is a rocky plateau at the back "ti of a precipice, forming a portion of the ca coast line at South WVarrnambool, end the is a.favorite resort for visitors. The disc waves break on the rocks with terrific usu force when there is a lheavy sea. Miss o Angus and a friend named Miss Green pe~ were staying at the house of Mr mc Haririson at South Warrnanmbonl. The it girls expressed their desire to'indulge te in a sea bath at Shelly Beach, ,nd ct visited the place this morning, accom-' obt panied by .Mr and iMrs Harrison, with sh hat object in view. Notwithstanding tie the turbulent condition ot tlhe water, resti the girls went in for their biath. They anc had not been in long before a huge cee breaker was observed coming in, and ] Mrs Harrison warned the girls, who and weri aat.tlis time standing within a Loe yard of each other in the water, of their ver danger. Miss Greenimmediately made ro for a pnlace of safety; biut Miss Angus yl replied, "I'm not afraid," and caught hold of a rock, intending to cling to it 'vhile the waveldnshled over her. She abl had scarcely uttered the words. when auf the wave broke over her. The force of sea the huge volune of water caused her to trai lose hold of the rock, and she was disc carried out to sea. Mlrs Harrison and gel Miss Green were almost paralysed at flon bhe sight of their frien.I being carried ava away; but, the former siucceeded in see nushing up the bank to give the alarm at :o her husband, who was some distance it away, .soT A crowd. of people soon gathered t~i it the scene of the naccident. The:- sea ge was sorough that it would have been wo Pspossible for a swimmer to live in it, tak nd no attempt couild be made to' re. fiel :over the body which -va, soon away- a im mile out to sea. . However, foui youin fobf Fellows, S. arrier, G. "Mitchlell,' T. tha 1a yes, and Charles ,T Leberg, secured tall Swhale boat, andl ii imminent risk of heir lives, ventured out, butt were enable to get near tie spot whiere: the I ' odly was last .seen. 'Tie boat :was sha everal tinmerieeanrly capsibed, and .they :ere at hist comlelled to give up: the fll it'einlt in despair.. ' Abtt -hailf past five o'cloclr this to aveing, the body wias washlud inht, a d little hliiy neoer tihe Ireakw trer • viadet, fel where it was recovered. TIhe body wasa binised in several pIlices, but otherwise wvas nt seriously injutaed. The unfortunate girl "i'as 17 years of age. th ler ipalrents occupy a farin at eff Woolsthcerpe,. and ,great symSpatliy is b.e expressed for themn :in- their saad be bereavemenLt. An inquiry-will beheld to-morrow.-Age. dis Th One of the largest diamond drills lin owned by the Government will this week be removed from Ballarat to d Mirboo for coal prosipcting purposes. di The drill is capable of boring to a Se depth of 2000 feet, and the operations ha to be carried on in the coal basin tel between Boolarra and Searlett's He selection, on which a fine seam has bean mc discovered naear the surface, will be u watched with the greatest interest. c Recently a large syndicate was formed in Ballarat to prospect the Mirboo coal hasi., but it appears that this r proprietary does not propose to carry on be any actual prospecting at present uplon b its own account, but to await tiheresilt of the horing with the Government drill. The Government have only sect re aside £3000 for coal prospecting this th year, and from this vote sonme prospecting operations at Cape Patterson - y will have to be defrayed, as well as the of expenses of working tlhe large drill at Mirboo. The cost of working the drill le is £90 for one shift, and £150 for three re shifts, per month. As neither the cil recently formed syndicate nor any of ci the coal companies feormedin the Gipps- V land district have offered to bear part of 2 the cost of working the drill, boring 1 operations will be carried on by the ea departmeat upon a site selected by -S Mr Reginald Murray, Government ; Geologist.-Age. . The race meeting hald under tihe auspices of the Victoria Amateur Turf 'a' Club at Caulfield on Saturday afternoon e (the Age states) was one of the most - agreeaHle of the selason, and was te attended withdelightful weather. The s attendamce of visitors w.as folly up t" C the usuald average at this sourse?, I There were six events on the pro- c gramme for the afternoon, the opening a one being a Selling Rice, whlich was a won by Maroney, with The Ghost second, and Sorcerer third. Whale- i bone was first, Goodwood second, the o Hluntsman third in the [urdle Race, e and in the St. Kilda Cup, for which s 14 horses started, Abuse proved the winner, Phaon being second and ' Kolhali third. Sweetmeet won the-I Steeplechase from Marmion, Roulette, and six thers, and Boz won theA Federal Stakes, Bedouin eling second I and Escutcheon third. Finally, thet afternoon's racing closed by Vascosea I winning the South Yarra Hlandicap from William Tell, Steiiglt Slhot and eight other runners. ALconoLic FATUrrY.-The chronic ete bauchee feels that he positively cannot exist without his alcoholic stimulation. To quit drinking or to continue the habit brings death all the same. Such a man can find in American Co's Hop Bitters proparly used, a perfect panacea for the drunkard's cure. Rcad. 