LOCAL ITEMS. By announcement in anuother column it will be seen that the' Rev. Dr. Dale, the distinguished Congregational. Minister from Birmingham, now on a' visit to th'5 colony, will preach in the Brighton Con. gregational Church to-morrow morning. Those who \ittend may [ex-ict to hear a scholarly and maenly dieliverance'ori d question:that is sure to be of very great. interest. If.the congregation be as large as the reputation and abilities of "the preacher are great, it will crowd the church. A collection in aid; of the funds of the Congregational Union and Mission will be taken up during the service. THE action brought against the Rail way commissioners by Miss Herbert, of. Brighton, for damages resulted in a ver dict in her favor for £3,500. The com missioners paid £1000 into court as full satisfaction but the jurytook a more liberal and we may add equitab!e viewof the case. They also assessed the amount due to Dr. O'Hara at £110 ; to Dr. Caffyn, at £36; and to Dr. Nutting, at £118-about half the amounts claimed. A DEPUTATION from the newly formed Caulfield Improvement Committee got took down a peg or two at the Caulfield Council meeting last Thursday. They asked the council to cover the sand on the Dandenong road, to make provision for better drainage of the road near Caulfield station, plant 'trees in Derby road, light a lamp in Derby road, asphalt footpaths, and agitate for the opening up of a subway under tle Caulfield station. One of the deputationists said there were ruts in Derby road that a passer-by might fall into and tivist his leg. The president said that some of the work asked for was-on the Malvern side-of the Dandenong road, where he thought some of the committee resided.- He also in formed them that the Government would construct the subway ;when the sum voted .was available th. t the drainage' of th". shire was included in. the projected loan, `that a:aum of £500 had been expended in that district recently, and during the past two years £700 had been expended.near Caulfield station, etc. It is unnecessary to say that the deputation .thariked the council and withdrew. A MEETING of the Womens' Christian Temperance Union was held in the Primi tive Methodist Schoolroom, on' Thursday' 27th ; the meeting being duly opened by the vice president. The enrolling of fresh members and business matters being discussed, the sewing was'proceede'with. At 5 o'clock a social tea was partaken of, prepared by Mrs Wilkinson and. Mrs T. Callow. The meeting terminated with singing and prayer. Mn. CANDLER held an inquest at St. Kilda on Monday last, on the body of a 'loung "man named Joseph Sharlton, a brick maker, who died from the effects of poisoning on the previous day. The evidence adduced' showed that deceased swallowed a quantity' of the arsenical compound known as "Rough on Rats" which was purchased by his lodging house keeper from a chemist in the neighbor hood. A verdict of suicide, whilst in a state of unsound mind was recorded. A rider was added to the verdict . to the effect thiat some restriction should be placed upon the sale of this poison. TaEVictorianSteam Navigation Board, during the past week, held 'an official in-' quiry into the circumstances surrounding the wreck of the steamship "Cheviot," when the jury found that Maud Amber Seymqur, : W? J.' Dower,C9. : Tookey,F Hearle, M. T. 'Laurenaonri H. Peck, and Ellen Baker, .met, with •their doaths:?by drowning -on' ho' wvriking of the steam 'ship "Cheviot" on the niglit of the. 10th October, 1887, and that the occurrence was due to the damage to the propeller, and they also find this was purely acci dental, and .that no person or persons were in any way to blame in connection with the matter, and they are of opinion that the vessel wais perfectly seaworthy an the night slhe left. THEn Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, the celebra ted minister of the London Tabernacle, has determined to withdraw from the Baptist Union in consequence of diver gonce of views in dootrinal questions He refuses to continue in the union at the expense of giving up his belief in the doctrine df the atorieiment :of.. Oriat, and in the personality of. the Holy Ghost. He justiflie his belief in eavihg by faith, and:in the doctrine of eteinal punishment, which some nidiiers'deaky. Taci trdste. of the Dakin 'land near the Law courts have made an offer to sell it tio'thdiGoversntient, 'the offer hias been deolined at the price asked. ' 4 t . oRApO.~Uyll, uguer e ausplces of the A.0.F was •hld ? p¶Jleign,, in the t Mechanics[Institute pand w..ap a vary soc ceasf ul ??s ac .:,r~tq a? host c'f- thleelite Sand "fashionable ,oc . the township? were ° present, and thoroughly, epjuyedi,them F solve-, not separating till dawn .nas, ap, pearing. THIEfoundation stone of a new .Con gregaitioinal dhC rh, in East St ilda, was laid by Mrs. Albert Spicer in the presence of a large company of spectators yesterday. .Tie new building will occuapy a commanding position, and, is to cost f £4,000 in addition to £750 paid for the Spurchase of the land. Recently a con tract was signed for a portion of the projected building by Mr. Potter for the sum of £2,106, the contract to be comrn pleted in about ,eight months' time. To assist the trustees in 'raising fuids to de fray the expense of erection, a bazaar was held in the Independent Hall, last Tues day and two following days,- Russell street; the Rev.': Dr. Bevan performed the opening ceremonial. , The stalls were presided ove as followis :s N I1. .Mrs Harrison, Mrs 1;tPton, Mrs Iesaley undd the Misses Snow o: 2ostall 1 . Day; the Misses Day, and the Misses Fillager..; No. 3 stall, Mrd. ~Phorpe, Mrs. [Gibbs, BlMrs. Lover, and Mrs.-Perrett ; ;Sunday. school stall, Mar. J. R.; Brown: and the Misses Browni (3):;, refreshment stall, Misses' Goode, and the Misses Brain cake stall, Mrs. Gladman and Mrs. Stone i Sflower stall, the IMisses Paton and." Mr. f. Bugg ; gipsy queen, Miss Gladman.. ELSEWHERE in Our advertising columns and also by a supplement to this week's 1 "Leader," the Brighton Skatingr Rink, 1 and Recreation Company, Limited, issue their prospectus. They purpose being registered under the Companies' Statute, and announce a capital of £10,000 in 10,000 shares of one pound each. Of these shares 2,000 paid up to half.a sovereign each, are retained by the pro jectors and the remaining 8,000 are offered to the public at half-a-crown on application, and a similar sum on allohit ment. • Shares will be alloted in order of application,, and the share list will .be closed on Monday next. The object of the company is to provide Brighton and its neighborhood with a good Skating Rink and Recreation Ground. They have contracted for the purchase of a piece of land at the corner of Wells and Carpen ter streets, Middle Brighton, and plans and specifications forthe building and fldor have been carefully prepared, aid -the. whole of the works, upon the most. modern principle, can be completed .in about three months.,_ Careful` estimates have been prepared as. to the cost of the undertaking; and the profiti~ made by ;the rinks alredyesalishe beensui aa'to wvarrant ta hit will prove a great financial eccesds and as the working expenses will be limited in pro. portion to the anticipated -receipts, the dividends should be immediate, and it is thought that the profits in a short time will exceed the whole of the capital: ex pended. Shares can be obtained on application to all leading brokers, or to Mr. A. R. Cane, 39 Flinders street East, where proslietuses can also be ob tained., A DEPUTATIcON from the Brighton Town Council waited upon Mr. Nimmo, Minister of Public Works, last Tuesday, to shlow, cause why a byelaw passed by them re-. stricting the hours during which night soil could be carted through the sereets of the town, from10 o'clock p.m. to 12 p.m., should not be repealed. The deputation contended that they were perfectly justi ftied in passing the byelaw, as the health of the residents of the town was begin-, ning to suffer from so much unhealthy matter passing through the district, and therefore they as their representatives had a perfect right to pass a law to protect it. self against being made a nightsoil depot. They called the Ministers attention to a proposal to establish special night trains to take the offensive matter to a more distant locality. Mir. Bent said that Brighton.did not want the nightsoil, and he was of opinion that the Minister should not're peal the byelawi and this? strike a' blow at Local Government, Mr. Fitzgib bon, the town clerkof Melbourne, pointed out that unless the Minister would exer clse his power, and .have-thebyela.v'..r, rid of its .nightosilat all Mr Nimmio ~i:reylysaid that Brsghton Town Council could no doubt frame byelaws to protect the interests of the district, but they had to remember that they could not be al lowed to framne a byelaw, which would.be the means of preventing nighteoil being carted from other localities. He also said that about ten years ago he went to the Hen: John Woods, the tten Minister of Railways, and submitted a proposal as to the trains. The Minister fellin with it, but the council would not agree to bear their share of the cost of construction of the special air-tight carriages that would be required. He did not think the counr cil was justified in passing a byelaw, that so seriously interefered with the interests of Melbourne, and would throw out a suggestion that the hours should be from 10 p,m. to 4 a;m. He would, however, consider the matter carefully, and forward thiem his decision at a future date. . TsiosIe.s Dougahl' of the Caulfleld Grammar School, was on Saturday last, I at'the Naval and Militfry Sports'held ons the Melbo'urne :Oiioket' Ground,' the. winner of the Cadet Race 'Handicap .. of I 440 yards. " to the Caulfield council meetipg, Or. Bitlan c* tynem trgily y pr otested-1 against ethe. be Easternn rid ýg being cinueda: therein. He said that there: wrq no less than five railway tatiops in . that 'ýriding; and in less than ten years in his opinion a',9ew ..shire rwould-"bei formed tiere. 'A?an'-ho argued 4?a t the amount WIº far too small,. one road ilt the riding would "absorb th-e Swhole amount. r. Griffin also spoke in a?a similar strain whilst Cr. Looker said that iand in the neighborhood of ffuromI it beena had recently changed hands at 7T te per foot, and there was a strong feeling that a new shire would have: to be formed te in a short time.:: • However, ??he; motion e'f*for instructing the enginee to bring up 2 plans, etc., was carried by seven to thrIe. 'o:A vERY inteiestiig:and ,i?nstrugive D loecture. on. The religion+ of the Hiiidous is tas delivered in thli Union" Churchl,-Glen a:- Eira- Road, 'Caulfield, by the Revi. J. 11j Gregeon, las' Tu(esd y evening. Thos. d Watts, Eq -, i.presided, Nand. the lectud e was profusely illitastrated -by som e . coloured:` picture,', -asid as a:fi?'1 P iuls from 'Xidia'ie slihow .'he rev. lecturer amused aiid e-ditertaiied the a.. audience .byr, his graphic sketches ,f the ancient and reiarkable sacred literature e of- the:Bindoos,., touching inost ?miiutely upon their peculiar religiouas praitices aud legends. A" hearty vo*e a.f: It hanlg .'was awarded both chairman and lecturer. AFi accident happened last Monday to a little girl of about f iur youra -of age, the daughter of- Constable 13rennain, dne :of. k our local guo rdians of the pJ?ace It appears that Mrs. Brenniiti was, engaged g in washing on that day,' and ihadl justi poured out some hot water in6o a bucket. n The child was wheelihg a .peranbiulator: near by and accidentally fell back icto the" bucket, severely .scalding her back and' lower 'eitremities.. As soon as 'posasible e the"liil'd vas ektricated from %.'s aperilous positionr, and the services of Dr. Siuons immediately called into requisiion, unider whose treatmet -she is progresising?-as favorably as 'ould beexpected::_. :-:. : ,f " A EPrUTATION from the residents:: of d Frankston . waited upon the Railway g Commissioners last week, who asked that a the 2 30 p.m. train,aud also the 9.35 p.m. f train, which di l not proceed further than Mordialloc, should coitiinue their journey-: to Frankeston. They-pulited outtilat ihe r 0.35 p:m. train remainred at Mordialloctall e night and next mnorining rain empityito t Frankston for :the pirpose of bringing Spassengers ..to Melbourne. The commisi suioners iin reply, state; d that they did not see ,any great objection to runniing the 9 ie .5 train eoi rto Franketo but iit p inquiries suotuld have to `.be aia n the matter:-' -. T'Ii ainiversin ry ervices of the Wesloyan school Little tiBrightoni takes place on Siin day anid Monday next. 0. the former day Rev., C. iLancaster . will preach morning -and evening, aid on the Monday a. public? teai meeting will` be h)ield, followed' by a i public imeetiug, at which recitations and.: singing will be givein by the children, as. a'so suitable addresses by Rees:s WVatsfordr Quick, Binmks, Lancaster and Smitl. SAPPLICuANTS are invited by the Town of I Brightoiu and the Shire ?ufst Moorabbi, r from persoais qualified "to:mnake?Stia.H'.' ation of the ratceable,property within their respective boundaries., - lsiboth, cases two f valuers? aret. reujired,. the .remuueration being j50 each.. Applicatiobns are to be I sent in on or before M llday; lext;.; TENDERSE: are iVited..by tbe Town oF i Brighton for +suplying and) .layin?g -,redgum, kerbiog ini -Park street, and, by, the Shire of Mourabbit .io r foraiiUg, and. I metalling M'Kindon-road, .. an. i1 alsio for, I supplying a large quanatity "of gravel andi bluestone.: Tenders to be sent ini next. .Monday. SoeilE time during last Sattirdayevening or early oin Sunday Liorniug, sdoi e thievie broke'initot the Balaciava railwvay 'statio?\ SSeveral drawers were forcibly opened and: their contents ransacksd, but :the .oinly. I articles of value were :threo pateht keys.: It :sappearis that, the depredators b;aefficed an:'entrance by displacinig the wridow catch on the eastern platform, and as they. could find nothing valtald'iat; ha.nd thejy tried the bookin .p jligo 61i the'opposiue' plitfoini Th tlievail·o broke-'sto the patent weighing'nmachine, but got othib'o - for their trouble, as they did: not sucaceed: in reaching the ciash box. Sos coktsidlerable lisastisfaction "wa expressed by t.he ladies who volunteered heir aervices at 'the' aulfiSld .Jubilee.: Treat last Saturdiay. It appears that the President 'got blamed, and .also Or.: Langdon, who wa.s told off to attend dsad see to the ladies' comfort. The President'·, said there was no pirovisitoi whatevewM made for the ladies; who, wheiJ they aame, found no one to give thein instruo-" tions as to what was requird .of them.: Cr. Langdon said that he arranged with:. the caterer for refreshments, etc., but it: appears that not only was the stall riisheld, but it was so inconyoniently near the'. place where the grog wvas dispenseod that ladies objected t, go to it. However., we learn thit the president siuplied theL + wints of th' ladies as best he bould,?.i 'heaiing the greatetr :portion of ' th",:e ex . penio old of his owi, pooket Votes If ilsink. :were passedl to the ladij'es and.ii geintlesnii who took part ini the Jutb'llee-'" 