CANON GREEN'S REPLY TO THE REV. S. HEBDITCH. At St, Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, on Sunday evening, the Rev. ,Canon Green preached a sermon on "The Two Religions, that of Protestant Dissenters and that of the Church of Christ." There was a very large congregation. In the course of his remarks the rev. gentleman eaid —It Ursa written in the address of the chairman of the Congrega tional Union that "the greatest enemy to Christ is the church." It was written in Matthew, chapter xvi., verse 18, that "Jeans said 'I will build my church, and the sates of hell shall not prevail against it'" It was written in St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians, chapter v., verse 25, that "Christ loved the church and gave himself for it, that he might present it to himself a glorious chnrch, not having spot or wrinkle or ficy such thivg," He (Conou Greon)aividod the Christian world into two camps, the Pro testant camp and the Church camp. In one of tbe divisions of the Protestant camp they had recently beaid the voice of a leader speak ing out in clear and unmistakable tones the eon fictions of bis heart and mind. Znthepaai < ion he held as chairman of the Conervgational Union Mr. Hebditch was in the place where it was demanded of him that he should speak the truth. He knew that the CoDgHgationalists bound themselves to no nan's words, however eminent be might be in character, learning, and ability, and therefore, that the address of their chairman might not be taken as the authoritative exposition of the views of the body. Mr. Hebditch had said— *' The greatest enemy to Christ is the church. Make her ministers priests, her sacraments tseectial media of salvation, her voice law, and herself a vudble corporation, and yon put as {treat an obstacle in the way of Christ's con quest of the world as Judaism or Mohamme danism, or any other antichrist ever re*nd.' He thanked Mr. Hebditch from the bottott. of his heart for those words, for hia candor, honesty, and clearness. If he thought these things it was better that be should utter them, that they might know whether a professed leader of Christians thought them. There had never been an utterance in the colony, he was dieposed to think, which bad so forcibly and clearlj demonstrated the factthat insofar as Sir. Hebditch represented the views of Protestant dissenters, they had any stem of religion totally different from that which through every cen tury eince the fiery baptism of Pente cort had been the blessed heritage of the church of tbe living God. Mr. Hebditch bad said "he was surprised that it should have bten tbousht that be referred to the Chnrch of England." Though be had sot the Chnrch of ICngland in bis mud yet the Chnrch was an integral part of that great holy Catholic Church which was said to be co great an obstacle. His object was to pointoutthat night that unhappily there was a great gulf between the religion of Protestant dtsoenters and of the Church. He then proceeded tothow that (1) The Chnrch of England made her ministers priests; (2) made her saetaxnente essential media of salvation; (3) made her voice law; and (4) maintained and acted on the principle tuat the Church of Christ was a visible corporation. The Church ol England therefore satisfied Mr. Hebiitcb's condition, and wag consequently as great an obstacle in the way of Christ's conquest of ihe world as Judaism or Mohammedanism or any other antichrist ever reared. After tbe bishop bad taken exception to tome of Mr. Htbditcb's remarks that gentltman had declared that "there was i ever a State church which bad accomplished so much or at this moment had so much ponrsr and dignity and such an influence for good as tbe English Establishment." He would leave the adjustment of the two statements to Mr. Hebditch. Protestantism was wrong in some things, but not in logic The two following quotations embodjing the cardinal points on which Churchmen and Protestants differed were given:—"L Each man in the chnrch is regarded not as an isolated unit but as a member of a family, a citizen of a kingdom, with his training in this world and Lis hoiea for the next, dependent npon his har nioiiy with the family, bis obedience to the laws of the kingdom. He cannot "separate I I imaelf from the organisation, far less set up another in its stead Without incurring the puilt of rebellion and forfeiting the privilege i of citizenship. 2. Christianity is not a group of dogmas intended to produce a certain type of thought, but a supernatural life derived from the God-man, and aflfoct iug the restoration .of fallen and disordered humanity by means of supernatural agencies passing through visible and natural channels. J*rotf etantism was opposed to the church on tvexy one of the four points. It insisted that theie mutt be aa uninterrupted way between the toul and God. It had no definite rule of faith, and its watchword wa^ division in defence <>f its mimerous ideas. The pulpit, not tbe Ijord's Lkblr, wu the principal feature in its Uni| It *; tbe need of man, not the gV>ry of tho eternal King, w?> the tnvttve fur it*assemblies. Itn.iglitertct beautiful buildings, and rt- joice in ??wert-voictdchoiis. But wb> ? To please the taste acd gratify the sentiment of those who oin,ed ita congngationg. In the Church the I'ritscipal rtafoa for i*??rzVllag was to do (.üblic homage to God as their sovereign; to i xpnse by woid and deed their love and devo tion to Him. It was not for what they could p.t, nor even for their oiru pleasure and gratification, but for Bis honor. With Pro testants generally, ard avowedly with the denominatirn to which Mr. Hebditch belonged the worship of God was the last object in view when they awmhled together. Was be not correct, he again asked, in assert ing that Churchmen bad one religion and Protestants another? Mr. HebdTtch's as sertion atasgertd one. When he read it it eetmed to him that their dear Lord was being sorely wounded in the house of His friends. He knew that the #pe*ker uttered the conviction of his soul, and thaught he was doing Gt>d service, bit Tie almost shrank from saying it—was he not in awful and imminent peril of committing tbe rin against the Holy Ghost ? He concluded with the following words:—Time forbid* me to say more. Mr. Hebditch hat by the utterance of what doubtless his conscieaoe made him speak grieved and chilled the hearts ? f many who have been longing and praying that all who profess and call themselves Christians may hold tbe faith in unity of spirit. He has ahuwn us hosr the principles and doctrines of tbe Church are viewed by those who are separate from her. We can no longer live in a fool's paradise of too hopeful fancy and imagination. Between two parts of tfce redefined race there is a gnat golf. Will it ev?r disappear? Will the separated ones be united ': Assuredly it will, for while we worlc and pi ay and sorrow for what seems fruitless ' labor. ' The saints their vrateh are keeping. Their cry goes up. how long t And soon the night of weeping Shall be the morn of song. In the paragraph which Appeared in Saturday's Adveriiier relative to the enp itoeed past career of Henry Lee in the way of uttering forced cheques, it ia enoncuusly stated that Claud Hamilton vn arrtisUd by Detective Dunlevie, whereas he w?b taken in charge by Detective Hampton. Mr. and Mrs. Alan Bell, of Dataianey P*rk, Mount Barker, who were married at Kirkli ston, near Edinburgh, on April 27,1837, cele brated their golden wedding last week. According to the local paper they arrived in South Australia by the Lady Bute in June, lt'SS, and Mr. Bell's first employment was with Mr. Roger*, of "Tuunore," at the foot of tie Mount Lofty Ranges. He removed to the Tien, and subsequently became possessor of an acre of land at Uuley—his earliest freehold in the colony. About 1811 Mr. Bell took up his residence on the Bald Hills, Mount Barker, and there "both he and his wife still remain. The wheat grawn by him on this prolific land took the gold medal at the London Kxhibition in 185U and several years alter achieved * similar distinction at Paris. Since the first crop was put in at Dilmaney Park Mr. Bell has seen many fluctuations in the price of wheat. He has had to accept as low as 2*. 4d. ptr bushel, while he has been fortunate enough to sell one line of 300 bushels to Mr. Jobn Dunn at 23d. per bushel. Both Mr. and Mrs. Bell are yet strong and hearty. The present number ot their descendants is 31; 10 bf-ing of the first and 21 of the seooud gene | .lion. We extract the following from the Mount liarktr Courier of May 6:—For some weeks last the storekeepers of Littlebampton have been tubject to various petty thefts, and by one consent suspicion rested on a 12 year-old daughter of Mrs. Bertha Quinn. Her depre dations became *o frequent that on Wednesday last a tearch warrant was applied for and a thorough oveihaul of Mrs. ljuion'e premises took place, with the result that various articles belonging to Mestrs. Upton, Wigzell, and Dixon were recovered. Informations were at once laid against the mother and daughter, in the first case for robbery, and iv the second for receiving goods knowing them to be stolen. Neither prisoner attempted to conceal her fault, and each expressed deep contrition. The girl, who is a bright-looking and pleasant mannered child, was sent to the Industrial School for three years, while the motbtrwenttothe Arjelaidegaolfors'x mouths. Mrs. Quinn'e huebaDd left her some time ago, and she has since had to look after and provide for cix children, Four of these are younger than the little one accused- of theft, and there ??k a baby etill at the breast. The mother takes this infant to gaol with her, and to morrow the |>olice will take steps to have the remainder of thefaiiily treated as deserted children and sent to the refoiruatory. Mr. Upton stated that his only ol.jfct in laying the c!i?ge was to rescue the children from the iartatace of thtir mother. 