It is satisfactory that the debate on a proposed modification of the marriage laws of the colony, is approached with fitting gravity and decorum, and that, so far, the utterances with regard to it in the Assembly represent a very high degree of debating power. Mr Siiiels’ speech in moving the second reading was both temperate and masterly, and Mr Wrixox’s rejoinder is a statesman like exposition of the case from the other side. In this instance the Attorney- General spoke as a private member, as the Government very pro perly treats the amendment of the law of divorce as an open question. Inde pendent of any political reasons for this neutrality, it would on other grounds be manifestly improper that Ministers of the Crown should, by adopting either view of the case, risk its being degraded into a party question. The issue involved, regard it how we may, is far too important and too delicate, to be dealt with on party lines. Whether Mr Siiiels’ bill be definitely dealt with this session or not, its introduction ought to be the means of placing on record the de liberate opinion of the people of this colony with regard to extending the facilities for procuring divorce, and this is a very important matter. Mr Wrixox dealt at length with the purely legal contingencies of the proposed relaxation of our marital law. He pointed out that if the Royal assent were given to such an Act, a thing by no means certain, its operation would probably produce much domestic inconvenience and calamity. In a legal sense, all persons availing themselves of an ex tended Divorce Act, the law only of any colony or colonies in Australia, would be regarded in Britain as though such an Act had never passed. Thus people divorced here could not marry again in Britain without being liable to prosecution for bigamy, and if they married kere and proceeded to Britain, the woman would become by British law, the mistress of the man instead of his wife, and any offspring of such a marriage would be illegitimate, which would entail upon them not only a social stigma, but a disability to inherit property under British law. Mr Wrixox went on to show that a British Government had, after much consideration, and con sulting the highest legal authorities in the land, disallowed the New South Wales Divorce Bill of 1878 on these grounds. Passing from the legal aspect of the question, Mr Wrixox contended that a social change so im portant as that proposed ought not to be made unless at the strongly ex pressed wish of the people themselves, and that in the present case there had been no such expression. He regarded the bill as practically a departure from the marriage laws and observances of Britain in order to adopt those of cer tain parts of the Continent of Europe and the .United States. In Belgium there were 17 different grounds for divorce allowed by law, and in that country if a wife were perfectly faith ful . to her husband, but yet her con duct, bearing, and demeanor were not suited to the husband’s interest and position, that husband could legally procure a divorce. Said Mr W rixon*, “ The English view of marriage was altogether different. Marriage was ir revocable, except for one cause—infi delity. The root of the English idea was that the mere question of the par ticular fancies of the two parties could not be considered, but that the interest of the children and the home must be considered.” Mr Wrixox then proceeded to contend that the operation of Mr SrilELs’ bill would be evil in two directions. It would not really and effectually relieve the suffering of ill-matched couples, whilst it would indefinitely increase the power of a brutal, violent, or vicious man to work suffering to others. He held that the proposed extra relief to the woman in an unhappy match was chiefly illusory, and that all the help and com fort which the State could give was already available at law. She could obtain absolute protection' and sepa ration from a brutal husband, and the chance to spend in peace and bodily comfort the remainder of her wrecked life; but Mr Wrixox believes that, in such cases, the most terrible evils, the ones we would heal if we could, are shattered hopes and broken hearts, and for these a permis sion to marry again is no relief. It must be hoped that no debate as to the • technical or legal con sequences of the bill or of the ob jections of that kind which stand in its way, will divert lion, members from the true issue which is before them. For what we have to consider is not so much whether the Imperial Govern ment would disallow the bill, or what its effect would be upon the interests and the offspring of re married divorcees. These are important points, but a far more important one is the effect which the relaxation of the divorce law would have upon our social organisation and general morals as a community. Clearly the effect of Mr Siiiels’ bill would be to heavily dis count the permanence and strength of the marriage tie. Is this, in the true in terest of society, a wise or aright thing to do ? Could we go so far and refuse then to go still farther ? Should we not have, in time, to adopt the 17 allowed reasons for divorce which exist in Belgium and, perhaps, more at the back of them ? And when all this was done would not our marriage observances have degenerated from a sacrament to a civil contract, and again from a civil contract to a mere casual arrangement terminable at will ? Is there anywhere a man who will argue that such a complete degrada tion of the married state would be a good thing or a safe thing for either society or for the nation? These are the points which require deep and earnest consideration. If they are answered in the negative, we shall leave the divorce law where it is, or only extend it to include such rare cases as represent grievances which demand to be redressed at any cost. If the answer is in the affirmative, we need not worry about matters of detail. To talk of marriage as being only a. civil contract similar to the engagement of a cook or house maid is not only absurd, but an outrage upon every manly and holy feeling. It is but too true that there are marriages of convenience wherein often no high nor happy feelings enter, too often resulting in misery more or less intensified. It is also true there are many cases of great misery and wrong, the result of drunkenness, desertion, or crime, but they happily are few and far between, and to loosen the heretofore sacred ties, to encourage the feeling of marriage being only a civil contract, would go far in’ a few years to demoralise the people; destroy their homes and their home life, break up the family connexions, happily so binding and sacred in British commu nities, and shatter society to its founda tions. Mr Wrixox, quoting from American statistics, showed clearly the social effects of easy divorce laws. He said the old English law of divorce prevailed in America up to 1813. But in that- year Connecticut changed its iaw, adding to the causes for divorce ha bitual intemperance and intolerable cruelty. Six years afterwards—iu IS49—two more causes were added, viz., imprisonment for life and such misconduct as destroys happiness. Connecticut made these four additions in four years. In Massachu setts the change began in IS6O, and went on increasing to 1574, and divorce was now allowed for desertion, adultery, intoxication, cruelty, abusive treatment, neglect to support, imprisonment, and other causes. In ISGO there were iu Massachu setts 213 divorces to 12,400 marriages, or a ratio of 1 to 51.0. In IS7S there were 000 divorces to 12,593 marriages, or 1 divorce to 21 marriages. In Vermont iu ISGO there were 95 divorces to 2179 marriages, and in IS7S 197 divorces to 276 G marriages. The ratio had thus gone from 1 divorce to 22.9 marriages in ISGO to 1 divorce to 14 mar riages in IS7S. Iu Connecticut, in IS6O, there were 252 divorces to 3978 marriages, or 1 divorce to 14 marriages. In 187 S there were 401 divorces to 4255 marriages, or 1 divorce to 10 marriages. In Rhode Island the ratio went from 1 divorce to 14 mar riages in ISGO to 1 divorce to 11 marriages in IS7S. In San Fraucisco. a city very much like our owii, there were 333 divorces in ISSO, and 364 in 1 SSI.” Mr Wrixox warned the House that the future of Australia would greatly depend upon its action with regard to this divorce bill. The warning was a solemn one, but not more so than the gravity of the issue demanded. Tiie annual statement as to the con dition of our naval and military de fences is very cheerful reading, as it goes to prove that we could, even now, make a very creditable resist • ance to any probable attacking force, and further, that the system em ployed by its own steady results places us in a better position every year. We are told that we have sufficient camp equipage to put a force of 5000 men under canvas, with all necessary accoutrements for the field, and by the working of the militia system we have a fast increasing reserve of men who have served their time in the ranks, and are in faet the nucleus of the future Victorian Army. It is supposed that we could upon a pinch call out 10,000 men, who in training and drill would be almost equal to re giments of the line, and who, we may be permitted to hope, for all defensive purposes, would be equal to any soldiers in the world. With regard to the torpedo service, we are told that ap proved mechanical appliances for the management of these deadly weapons of war have been fitted up, and that this branch of our de fensive system is now complete. We' have-ion hand more than the regulation quantity of 200 rounds of ammunition for every heavy gun in the squadron, besides a quantity of loose powder, and nine two- barrelled Norden feldt guns. Powerful electric lights have been placed on points of vantage, the guns of the Cerberus have beenfitted with appliances to ensure quicker and truer aim, a battery has been built and armed at Warrnambool, the arma ment of the Victoria has been in creased, and barges borrowed from the Harbor-Trust have been turned into impromptu and, it is believed, formid able gunboats. All this is well, and there is, per haps, as much cause for satisfaction in the evident heartiness with which these defensive measures are pushed forward as in the possession of the works themselves. Of course, our mili tary authorities have not over looked the immense advantage which the railway lines now place within their reach. With our admirable sys tem of telegraph lines, worked in con junction with our railroads it should be possible at a few hours notice to concen trate the available laud forces of South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales at any point in either colony. We do not know if any practical steps have been taken towards the formation of Australian Kriegsverein, but the outline of some scheme of mutual as sistance ought to be agreed to between the three great southern colonies, so that confusion and delay might be saved in the event of an emergency. Upon the arrival of the “Archers” and belted cruisers, Australia will at once become a hornet’s- nest for an attacking force, but we should be in a still better position if, as has been suggested, Great Britain lent us a few of her dis rated ironclads to serve as floating batteries in harbor. We believe Bri tain has many such that could be spared with no inconvenience or ap preciable loss of defensive power, while here they would be simply invalu able. Our Melbourne correspondent writing last evening says:—“ The long expected has come at last. The progress report of the Sebasto pol Plateau Drainage Commission was issued at 6 o’clock to-night. Practically, though styled a progress report, the finding, which is in favor of two pumping shafts and the putting in of the adit for a mile, is absolute. The Commission will meet again shortly, but merely to consider the question of wjiat use can be made of the water pumped out of the shafts for irrigation purposes, which is an altogether subsidiary one. Still it will have to be approached with caution for the effect of mineralised waters on tender growing crops has not yet been properly determined even by experts. The progress report sets out the number of companies, most of them live ones, which are affected by the proposed drainage. It was the knowledge (of this fact that occasioned 1113' previous comments on the undesirability of delaying the publica tion of the report for eight days. Miniug stocks are kittle cattle needing tender hand ling, and a delay of this sort gives rise to rumor aud speculation which may prove disastrous to many when the truth glares out. The Ballarat Hunt Club Annual Races will take place to-day at Dowling Forest. As very few horses have been scratched, there is every promise that good fields will assemble. Transit and other arrangements are liberal, convenient, aud as nearly perfect as “we can get them. With fair weather, there is sure to be a large attendance, and several of the contests are likely to prove both interesting aud exciting. A special has been laid on from the metropolis, and the specials from Ballarat to the course will leave at 11 a.m., 12.5, 12.25, 1, aud 1.30 p.in., returning at 5.15, 5.25, 5.35, and 5.45 p.lll. For some years past the interest taken in coursing has been on the wane, and had it not been for the staunch support of such genuine sportsmen as Messrs B. Hepburn, XV. Bailey, M. J. Hardimau, and others, and the great labors of the secretary (Mr S. Cadden), aud the officers and committee, the meetings would doubtless have fallen through. Each meeting, almost, sees a further diminution in the attendance at the pretty little plumptou. In the opinion of many owners of dogs this result is due to the fact that the plumptou is so far distant from Ballarat. So convinced is Mr Hepburn of this fact that it is, we hear, his intention to establish a plumptou at his paddocks, on the Creswick road. Should he do so the club would establish its quarters there, and it is thought that this would revive the interest iu the sport. Mr Hepburn’s well-known liberality aud energy iu all matters relating to sporting make it a certainty that if he once takes the matter iu baud he will carry it to a sttccessfal issue. His Grace the Most Rev. Dr Carr, Arch bishop of Melbourne, is at present the guest of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat. His visit ou this occasion is a private one, us he is ou his way to Adelaide. The bishop intends giving the archbishop a welcome to Ballarat at an early date. The archbishop is at present en route to Adelaide to assist at the ceremony of investing the newly-ap pointed archbishop of Adelaide (Dr Rey nolds) with the pallium. His Grace will be accompanied by the Bishops of Ballarat, Hobart, Sale, and Wilcannia. Their lord ships are at present staying at the palace. The pi elates leave by the express train for Adelaide this (Friday) evening. The latest slaughter of animals in cattle trucks travelling to Ballarat has revived the question of when an improved truck will be adopted on the railway's. Messrs Brazenor and Valentine have patented a contrivance that can be fitted to an ordinal - }’ truck, and which, it is claimed, will greatly minimise the danger to cattle travelling. Experts who have seen the invention give it as their opinion that it would effect what is claimed for it, and we understand that the chairman of the Railway Commissioners has expressed himself favorably concerning it. The inven tors offer to permit the. department to use the contrivance on very fair terms, and stock owners would welcome its adoption. There was a good muster at the Militia parade last night, Major Williams being in commaud. The battalion was divided into two companies, under the command of Cap tain M* Whae and Lieutenant Bennett. The early portion of the evening was devoted to company drill, aud subsequently the men were drilled iu manual and firing exercises by Sergeant-Major Brough. The manual exercise was exceptionally well performed. After drill a number of the intending com petitors in the melee, which is to take place at the concert on the 23rd inst., had a brisk practice. Major Williams, after parade, lectured to the officers on the “ Discipline Act.” To-day and to-morrow A company will parade at the butts, when they will proceed with’the firing for the marksman’s badges in the annual musketry course. At the City Police Court yesterday Dr M’Connochie, who has been on remand since Monday morning, was agaiu brought up. Constable Fogarty gave evidence as to his arresting the accused iu front of his own re sidence in Eyre street, aud that he was then creating a disturbance. Constable O’Shau nessy also gave evidence as to seeing him at the walohhouse. Dr M'Connochie ques tioned these witnesses to some extent, aud called two witnesses, Mr XV. N. Lansley and a Mrs Hudson, to show that he had not been intemperate of late, as had been al leged. At his request Dr Jordan was also called. The latter stated that the accused had been under the influence of liquor ou the morning ho was arrested and when wit ness had been called in, but the witness had never known him so before during the time he had been in Ballarat. The bench (Messrs Thomson, P.M., Greenfield, Taylor, Mor rison, and Dr King, J’s.P.) inflicted a fine of' 10s, iu default two days' imprisonment. At the Warden’s Court yesterday, before Mr Warden Thomson, an action for trespass of Hill and others v Seatchard and others was heard. Mr Gaunt, instructed by Mr Hardy, appeared for complainant; and Mr Finlayson, instructed, by Mr Pearson, for the defendant. The afttion was for trespass on mining tenement 1730 at Nerrina. The laud included iu the claim was formerly held by the New Dimmock’s United Company under a mining lease. In-March, 18S6, the property was sold to Mr C. Wilson as agent" for plaintiffs. The lease was transferred to him, and in June it was forfeited for uon fulfilmcut of the labor covenants. Defen dants then marked out the ground and obtained registration on the 2nd August. They allege they held an unregistered claim over it and refused to remove when requested to do so by Mr Wilson. After hearing the evidence for the complainant, the case was adjourned till Saturday at 10 o’clock. A Teuton, who had yesterday been read ing the account in The Star of his country man’s encounter with the ghost iu Ballarat East, and imbibed sundry glasses of lager beer in order to thoroughly digest the facts of the narrative, came across the following advertisement: —“ Gobelin; what is it?” He had not partaken of sufficient of the national beverage to make him see double, but just enough to make him omit the “ e” in the first word. “ Vhat is goblin ?” exclaimed he. “ Veil, I don’t vas know; but I’ll yoost see my vrind Yake, aud ask him;” and away he inarched to obtain the desired in formation from His friend. Almost too eager to wait uutil the door of Yake's house was opened after- his knock, he rushed into his friend’s arms. “ Ach. Carl, vere was you coinin’ too,” exclaiincd Jake; “ mine vind vas yoost knocked clean away.” “ Yake,” cried the visitor, without explana tion or parley; “ vat vas goblin?” “ Veil,” was the reply, “ Carl, I don’t vas know ezzakly; but I know who dot ghost vas, utid if I see him some more, fere’ll be drouble in dot man’s family.” . A final rehearsal of “ Maritana” was held at the Academy of Music last evening by the Ballarat Musical Union. Madame Fanny Simonsen and the other principals were pre sent, and the rehearsal passed off very suc cessfully. It would be difficult to name an opera that has become so generally popular as the one chosen by the Musical Union for this evening’s performance. Unlike many of the popular operas, its attractiveness de pends almost entirely on the excellence of its music, and it is therefore as suitable for the concert platform as for the operatic stage. Vincent Wallace . may fairly be reckoned amongst our best English com posers, though he had not the prolific genius of his Irish contemporary. Asa composer of operas, pianoforte music, aud detached songs Wallace belongs to the same school as Balfe. His best opera is undoubtedly “ Maritana,” to which “ Lurline” may rank as a good second. The stage at the Academy of Music has been specially arranged for the accommodation of the large chorus, and a band of 20 instrumentalists has been placed under the leadership of Herr Bruun. In addition to Madame Siinousen, who will siug the soprano music, Mrs J. J. Bailey, and Messrs A. W. Jack, J. M'Leod, and 3. W. Burton have been engaged, so that with the large chorus and orchestra under the baton of Mr G. Herbert, a fine rendering of "Maritana” may be expected this eveuiug. We understand that another costume football match is being arranged for, the proceeds ou this occasion to be devoted to increasing the funds of the Ballarat Fire Brigade. The Darktown fire-fighters will again display their prowess, and endeavois will be made to better the former effort. To this end, the valuable assistance of the Bivouac Party has been secured. It is pro posed that the match shall be played on the Eastern Oval 011 Friday, 14th October. The Bivouac Party intend holding a fancy dress ball on the previous evening, and the cos tumes .then worn will be sported at the match. 111 all probability, the Bivouacs will oppose the brigadiers, and a fierce contest may be expected. 111 order to make blood shed a certainty, the services of a swarthy pirate of fierce visage and “armed to the teeth” with a wooden pistol, have been secured. It is also intended to arrange one or more bicycle contests, aud probably a stilt race, so as to vary the proceedings. George Barlow,'who is required to answer a charge of e mbezzment from the London Chartered Bank iu Carlton, has been arrested at Molong. He made confession to the police of his defalcations, which are stated to be about £6OO in amount. We are pleased to be able to say that Lieutenant Colonel Sleep has almost re covered from his recent severe illness, and is now able to be about and attend to his busi ness. Robert Kitchen, a groom, ’was arrested yesterday afternoon by Constable Smith, of Ballarat East, on a charge of stealing a coat from the establishment of Mr Tweutymau, draper, Bridge street. When taken into custody Kitchen was under the influence of drink, and showed resistance. He was therefore handcuffed, with the assistance of Coustable Barratt aud a civilian, and con veyed to the lockup. A laborer named John Sullivan was subsequently arrested in Bal larat East by Constables Smith and M'Swee uey on a charge of being concerned in the larceny. The coat is valued at £2 ss. Early in the afternoon Constable Smith observed Sullivan and Kitchen moving along Bridge street iu a suspicious manner, anil fearing that they were about to “ patronise” certain establishments, he kept them under surveil lance. Observing that the policeman was watching them, they turned into another street. When the coustable had proceeded to the Main road end of his beat, Kitchen, it is alleged, stole the coat, which was sub sequently recovered by Constable Smith. The policeman deserves credit for his prompt arrests. The fortnightly meeting of the Town Council takes place this evening. The annual show in connection with the Wimmera District Pastoral aud Agricultural Society was held at Stawell on Wednesday and yesterday. The display of agricultural machinery and implements was not quite up to average, but there was a good show of sheep. In this class Mr L. R. Carter, of Cluues, was a large exhibitor, and secured the following prizes:—Champion for best grass-fed merino rain, same for best grass fed ewe, first for four-tooth merino ram, first for Lincoln ram any age, first for pair of Lincoln ewes, first for Leicester ram any age, and first for pair of Leicester ewes. M r G. Thompson, of Challicum, secured second prize • for a two-tooth merino ram. In the machinery and implements class, the trustees of the estate of the late G. Muuro aud Messrs Kelly and Preston, both of Ballarat, were very successful. The former gained first prize for best and cheapest reaper and mower, first for a winnower, second for a broadcast sowing machine, first for a chaffcutter. second for a corncrusher, first for a stripper, first for best collection of agricultural machinery, first for a wheel plough, and first for a two-furrow plough. Messrs Kelly and Preston secured first prize for a three-furrow plough, second for a two furrow plough, second for a wheel plough, second for ordinary harrows, first for equal ising swingletrees for three horses, first for vineyard plough, and first for best collection of agricultural implements. Yesterday afternoon Constable M‘Sweeney, of the Town police force, arrested Etty Stephens, aged 16, and Elizabeth Morrison, aged 16, on a charge of being idle and dis orderly persons, and Sarah Turner, aged 15, ou a charge of being a neglected child, child. Wheu arrested the girls were be having in a disorderly manner by accosting persons in the street. Two of the girls had evidently been on the pave all through the previous night, as their clothing was wet from the rain, aud their countenances showed that they had been dissipating to no small extent. One of the accused spent Wednes day night in the Chinese Camp. The girl Sarah Turner, aged 15, was intoxicated when arrested by Constable M‘Sweeney, and on the way to the lock-up she used disgust ing language. It is said that two of the prisoners have relatives in Ballarat, but the antecedents .of the third accused are not known.- The case is a sad one, and the action of the constable in taking the trio into custody is to be commended. By telegram from our own correspondent we learn that Mr John Frederick Hansen, mining registrar for Blackwood, died at 2 o’clock yesterday, aged 64. The Ballarat racecourse office will be open to-day (Friday) from 12 noon till 5 minutes after the last lace. There will be no de livery on the course, but a list of the names of persons for whom telegrams may be re ceived will be posted up iu the windows of the office. We have received from the local agent Part 14 of the Picturesque Atlas of Australia. The engravings, of which there are a good number, include the Government House, the Legislative Council Chambers, the Fitz roy, Carlton, and Zoological Gardens; the Town Halls of Hotham, Collingwood, Rich mond, Prahran, and South Melbourne; Scenes on the Yarra, the Methodist Ladies’ College, Hawthorn; and the College of St. Francis Zavier, Kew; All Saints’ Church, and Christ Church, South Yarra; the Ob servatory, and others, giving a very fair idea of the natural and architectural beauties of the Melbourne Buburbs. Near the You j Yangs, and Corio Bay, are the first indica tions that the artists'are progressing country- j wards. We need scarcely add, that the ] illustrations and letterpress are all of a high class order, well sustaining the prestige of this great woi-k. Miss Inglis, who is leaving Ballarat for Tasmania, aud therefore severing her con nection with St. John’s Presbyterian Church Sunday school, was made the recipient of an elaborate gilt-framed portrait of herself, surrounded by those of the pupils of her class, at St. John’s Manse, last Monday morning, by the members of her class, in token of their esteem and gratitude towards j her as their teacher. Miss Inglis, in a few ; well-chosen remarks, thanked the donors for the excellent present, and assured them that ! as it ever hung before her it would remind j her of the kind friends and pupils she has ! left behind in St. John’s Sunday school. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat j Public Library Committee was held on Tuesday evening. Present—Messrs J. C. Molloy (president), Glenn, M‘Kee, Reh fisch, Robertson, and Tweutymau. An apology was received for the absence of Mr Rod. Correspondence was read from Mr E. J. Thomas with reference to House of Lords sessional papers.—Received, and the librarian was instructed to reply thereto. Ex-councillor Roff presented two nicely framed photographs of the jubilee arch to the library, aud the following interesting pamphlets were received from Mr H. C. Russell, 8.A., F.R.S., Government Astrono mer for New South Wales, per favor of Mr W. Scott, J.P., viz.:—“Results of Meteoro logical Observations made in N.S. W. during ISSS,” “ Results of Rain and River Obser vations, ISSG,” “ Notes upon Floods in Lake George,” and “Notes upon the His tory of Floods in the River Darling.” Both gifts were received with thanks. The book committee reported that the books received last month had been placed in the library for circulation, and instructed the librarian to obtain a further supply. The accounts were passed for payment, and other routine business transacted, after which the meeting closed. A special sale of pianos and organs will be held to-day at Messrs R. H. Sutton and Co.’s establishment, Sturt street. The firm will offer, to-day only, a magnificent piano, guaranteed to contain every modern im provement of any value for 30 guineas. .This is the same piano that has been selling at 36 guineas. The purchaser may obtain the instruments also ou time-payment at the rate of 5s per week. Messrs Sutton aud Cos. are also offering Mason aud Hamlin organs on the same terms. A little boy named Henry Kerr, three years of age, whose parents reside in Talbot street, had his thigh broken yesterday' by a fall off a gate while swinging on it. He was taken to the Hospital aud admitted. A young man named Arthur Mortimer, 31 years of age, was arrested by Detective- Sergeaut Charles in Ballarat yesterday on a charge of deserting from the Garrison Artil lery at Queenscliff. He will be brought be fore the bench at the City Police Court this morning, and remanded to Queenscliff. Alice M'Cann, formerly licensee of the American hotel, who was at the last Licens ing Court in Ballarat fined £5 aud 8s costs for keeping her bar open during prohibited hours, was yesterday arrested on warrant by Constable Kissane for not obeying the order of the court. The alternative punishment was 14 days’ imprisonment, and Mrs M‘Cann has been sent to gaol to serve that term. About a month since we published a para graph concerniog an envelope addressed to the secretary of tile board of directors of the A.N.A., and which bore several peculiar en dorsements. A curiosity' in the same line has just come under our notice, in the shape of an envelope, posted in this district, bear ing the following address:—“ Private aud immediate. Mr Inspector Parkinson, In spector’s Office, Ballarat City Police Station, Lydiard street north, Ballarat West, Vic toria, Australia.” Two women, named respectively Kate Kent and Sophia White, have been arrested in Melbourne on a charge of forgery. Im plements used for coining were fouud in their possession. The drawing class instructed by Mr Sommers at the School of Mines intend pre senting that gentleman, who has recently been promoted to a metropolitan district, with a souvenir of his connection with the class. The presentation will be made to night at the School of Mines, aud members of the class are requested to attend. Cum Lick Wing, anew arrival from the Flowery Land, and now a resident of the Ballarat East camp, is not au admirer of colonial institutions, aud he complains bitterly of the action of the authorities in compelling him to pay a poll-tax of £lO when he came to the colony. The Celestial, who professes to have some knowledge of military matters, is likewise not enamored of the head-dress worn by the Ballarat Bat talion. He is under the impression that the spike-like object on the top of each helmet is intended for man-killing work when in action. In other words, Cum Lick Wing has an idea that the soldiers of Ballarat are, like the pugnacious goats, supposed to do a little “ butting ” when summoned to actual warfare by the sound of the bugle, and that the spikes on the hats are to do service as kinds of bayonets, when the militiamen drop on all fours for a change of fight. “ But,” says the Mongolian, “ Eng lisheyman no savee when him run along with hi3 head down. If him fight like that Chinaman stand over him with him sword, and, whew, cut him head off one after other.” The first annual social under the auspices of C Company of our local battalion takes place to-night at the Phoenix Hall. As this is the first gathering of the kind in connec tion with the above company, it is looked forward to with great interest. Avery neat programme, containing 20 dances, has been got up, a first-class band engaged, and the catering is in the hands of Mr C. M’lntyre, so that satisfaction is guaranteed in every way. The hall will be prettily decorated, and members of the battalion will appear in uniform, therefore now nothing stands in the way' of a good night’s amusement. Dur ing the evening a handsome picture of C Company’s champion bayonet team, which has been executed by Mr Richards, photo grapher, will be presented to Sergeant- Major Burrow. Any member who has not yet obtained bis ticket may do so at the orderlyrootn to-day. The Ballarat Fire Brigade have generously postponed their monthly practice, which should take place on Monday evening next, in order to take part in the torchlight pro cession to be held on that date in connection with the monster minstrel entertainment to be given in the Academy' of Music iu aid of Bulcb’s Model Brass Band. Mr W m. Bones requests us to mention the facts regarding the sale of an allotment of laud in Lydiard street north. The facts are —He purchased for a client the land for £3OOO, there being about 46 feet frontage to Lydiard street by a depth to the creek with free and protected access to the rear. This included half of Messrs Brophy aud Co.’s parting wall on the north side and the use of Messrs J. J. Goller and Co.’s wall on the south, the value of which he estimates at £5OO, thus making the value of the land be tween £54 aud £55 per foot. The tea, concert, and ball in connection with the anniversary' of the Loyal Pioneer and Ballarat Lodges, 1.0.0.F., took place on Wednesday last, at the Societies’ Hall, Grenville street, aud the whole affair was a decided success. The tables were laid out iu first-class style, and all seemed to enjoy the good things provided by Mr Kline, of Vic toria street. The following ladies presided at the tables :—Mrs Walters, and the Misses Walters, Harvey, and Sullivan (2). After tea the concert was held, and Grandsire Br W. D. M‘Kee occupied the chair, aud a capital programme was gone through by the Misses Harley and Teaswells (2), and Messrs Geo. Harley, R. Dunn, A. Swan, D. C. Swan, A. Kortlaug, J. Dunstan, H. Bonham, J. Bolger, and A. Martin. A special feature of the evening was the performance by the bell ringers. After the usual vote of thanks, the hall was cleared for the ball, which was kept up till an advanced hour. The executive committee of the Y.M.C.A. are arranging an extensive programme of attractions for each afternoon and evening during the gift sale aud Bruce auctiou to be held next week iu the Alfred Hall. The committee are sensible of the hearty good will of the public, manifested by assistance readily given on all sides. Captain Baker, of the Observatory, has agreed to be in at tendance each evening to give interesting electrical experiments; Messrs Shackles aud King have arranged for a gymnasium dis play by the members of the Ballarat Gym nasium. Mr Buleh’s model band give choice selections on the opening even ing, namely, ou Wednesday, at 7 o’clock, when the president of the association, Bishop Thornton, will formally open the proceed ings. A large number of vocalists and instru mentalists have promised their services. Mr Hale gives ventriloquial entertainments, and Mr Kelly lime- light views, while Rev. J. J. Brown "ives phrenological examinations, and Revf Win. Williams microscopic curiosi ties. Arrangements are also being made for telegraph, post, and telephone offices, and the latest instructive and amusing novelty from America in the shape of a pronouncing bee. On Wednesday last the remains of the late Mr R. Commons, an old and much re spected resident, of about 30 years standing (writes our local correspondent) were fol lowed to their last resting place, the Linton general Cemetery, by a large number of re latives and friends. The miners nearly all suspended work for the time out of respect for the deceased, who was a brother by oc cupation, and highly esteemed by his fellow workmen. He was a member of long standing in the Loyal Linton Lodge of the I.O.O.F Manchester Unity, and the brethren of the order in accordance with their usual custom, preceded the hearse bearing the remains of their late brother. The burial service of the Wesleyan Church was rendered at the grave by the Rev. Mr Graham, and the services in connec tion with the I.0.0.0.F., by Br W. G. Bennett, N.G. The mortuary arrangements were in the hands of Mr Nelson. A meeting of the Kingston branch. No. 23, A.N.A., was held in the Shire Hall on Tues day evening; President Clark in the chair, and only a limited number present. A com plimentary ticket was received from the Newlyu Debating Society. One proposition for membership was received. Mr A. E. Farrell, of High School, Ballarat, treated those present to a lecture on the “ South Sea | Islands,” which was ably delivered, and ’• listened to with great attention throughout, ! and which elicited a hearty vote of thanks. The receipts for the evening amounted to £4 4s. Mademoiselle de Campos was married to i the “ sou” of Marshal Serrano, in accordance j with the civil law of France. She was divorced by the Pope, and, being devout Spaniards, they obeyed the church. She I eloped (says our Paris correspondent) with ! M. Mielvaque, and, desiring to publish her \- banns in Paris, was informed she was only j known as a married woman, and must he ! considered such till divorced. This will i necessitate her beiug married in England; ! there she will he recognised as a lawful wife, while being only a concubine in the eyes of the French code. It would seem, then, that Protestant England regards the spiritual dissolution of a marriage as good in law. Millie de Campos can try again for a divorce, though the French courts are re ! luctant to interfere in suits between • foreigners, and with the same result—nil, so long as her late husband, a Spaniard, will not submit to a medical examination. j The amended divorce law, however, accords j her divorce by right, after three years’ for- I mal separation from her husband. An elderly man named John Jones died j suddenly whilst sitting in the Exchange j hotel on Tuesday morning. He was.from the country, and was on his way to the i Hospital. ; The case was concluded on Wednesday in | the Supreme Court, New South Wales, in , which Benjamin Robinson, cattle dealer, at Forbes, sued James Tyson, the well-known grazier, of Felton, Darling Downs, Queens land, for the recovery of £SOOO for breach of agreement-, plaintiff having bought £3OOO worth of cattle from defendant, which were never delivered. A verdict for plaintiff was given for £3OOO. Mr Hugh Pye has been appointed by the i Council of Agricultural Education to the ; position of science teacher at the Dookie | Farm school. The gentleman named (says [ the Oeelony Advertiser) is a son of Mr-W. j M. Pye, the head teacher of Ashby State I school, who is a very old and respected rcsi ; dent of this town. Mr H. Pye, who is • about 2S years of age, was educated by his | father until he went to the Melbourne Uui i versity, where he continued his studies for | a few years. He then accepted an appoint | ment in the St. Kilda Grammar School, , where he had been located for five years when applications were invited for the posi : tiou to which he has just been appointed, j The salary attacked to the post is £250 per j annum, with quarters and sustenance. I Considerable consternation was caused at Inglewood on Tuesday (says the Aye corre spondent) by the vagaries of a woman named Harridge, who was mad with drink. She first proceeded to the Catholic presbytery, where she destroyed several articles of furni ture, and afterwards she got? possession of a gun, loaded it, and went into the hospital close by and presented the weapon at two j patients. -The superintendent went to stop ; her, and she ran outside. Information was j given to the police, and she was taken into , custody with considerable difficulty, it re ! quiring three men to overpower her and take her to the lockup. A hoy, 10 years of age, son of Mr \Y. Worrall, blacksmith, at Rochester, was in the blacksmith’s shop on Wednesday watch i ing the steam-hammer, which was at work, | when by accident he got his right hand under I it, and all the fingers were dreadfully j crushed, three of them requiring to he amputated. A petition from the Wesleyan Methodist j Church Conference Committee, in relation to Mr Shiels’ Divorce Bill, was presented on Wednesday to the Legislative Assembly. ■ It sets out that marriage is a divine institu tion, and that Christ allowed divorce only for adultery’, and it admits that adultery, either in the husband or wife, ought to he a sufficient ground for divorce. It urges, however, that divorce ought not to be al lowed on other grounds than adultery, and that in the countries where it is obtainable for a variety of other causes the increase of . divorce has become quite alarming, and pre- I judicial to the best interests of the state, j Approval is expressed of those parts of the j bill which will lessen the expenses of legal proceedings in cases of divorce, and allow of the hearing of suits in chambers, and of the j prohibition of the publication of reports of such proceedings. Mr Cuthbert mentioned, incidentally in the Council on Wednesday, that the Govern ment had under consideration the advisa bility of altering the law in regard to coroner’s juries, and hoped to he in a posi tion shortly’ to introduce a hill dealing with the question. He thought that the number necessary for the formation of a coroner’s jury could judiciously he reduced from 12 to say six. Mr Wrixon, in his speech on Wednesday | on the proposed Divorce Bill, asserted that I the provision to give a wife power to divorce | a bad husband offered hut an illusory ad j vantage to the woman, because it was scarcely possible that she could re- marry, while the brutal man would he free to con | tract another mairiage and break other j hearts. The bill would form new manners | among the people, and destroy the noblest characteristic of onr civilisation—the devo tion of the wife to the husband in the darkest ! hours of distress. The example of America : showed the evil of making divorce too easy, i and in carrying on the experiment of settling j the Anglo-Saxon race in Australia under new | conditions and in anew climate, it behoved us to see that we did nothing to shake the foundations of society’, which would assuredly be the result of such an invasion of homo life as was now proposed. The London correspondent of the Tele j graph states that the failure is announoed of j the old-established banking firm of Green way, Smith, and Greenway, at Warwick, which has" carried on business for more than a century’. A y’oung man named Henry M‘Padrien, : aged 23 years, died in the Geelong hospital ! ou Tuesday', from injuries inflicted by a ; horse which kicked him on Thursday even- 1 1., g ; | There had been a little breeze in the House, ; and some of the members (writes “ Aldus” in j the Australasian) were afterwards privately j “ very privately” questioning the Speaker’s : ruling. “At all events,” said one, “he rules by May.” “Not at all,” replied the humorist of the Ministry’, “he rules by i ‘ Might;’ with him it is not ‘May,’ hut j ‘ Must.’ ” And the others sadly concurred. I Here is good news for the farmers. Some few years ago land in the Portland district, fenced in and improved, was sold for Ss 6d per acre, and the seller thought himself lucky. Now. land at Portland realises 35s per acre. The rabbit exterminators have been at work, and fine crops are now reaped by their owners instead of being left to be devoured by the rabbits. There are five men now at work destroying rhbbits iu the Shire of Portland. An announcement of some importance, aad of considerable interest to the general public, was made (says the Telegraph) in the Legislative Council on Wednesday night during the consideration of the committee of the Justice Statute 1576 Amendment Bill Mr Cuthbert mentioned, incidentally that the Government had under consideration the advisability of altering the law in remrd to coroner’s juries, and hoped to be in a position shortly to introduce a bill dealing with the question. He thought that the number necessary for the formation of a coroner’s jury could judiciously be reduced from 12 to (say) & At the rising of the Brunswick justices on Wednesday (says the Aye), a widow- of re spectable appearance named Mrs- Souter stepped forward with two children, to make application as to what ' course she should pursue regarding tiie alleged ill-treatment of her little son. Mrs Souter displayed to the justices the hand of her son Martin Janies eight years of age, and stated that the lad luul played truant on Friday mornim- last and on being taken to the school Tn the afternoon Mr Hayden,.the-head teacher, in dieted such severe chastisement on Ids hand as necessitated medical attendance. The child’s hand bore signs of severe punish ment. Some of the presiding justices advo cated a summons being at once taken out agaiust the schoolmaster, but ultimately it was decided, on the suggestion of Mr Fleming, J.P., chairman oFthe hoard of ad vice, to refer Hie matter to the school hoard and a thorough investigation will take place during the ensuing week. . 