SATURDAY, JANUARY 1, 1887. The Season. AB offering a great contrast, and showing how the festive season is kept, and Santa Claus honored, in Ganada, we extract the following from a nicely written article enti- tled " Christmas-time in the Snow Land," appearing in a *S. M. Herald' to hand, which shows that even the leading journal can be a little sentimental at times, Snow everywhere! Clean, cold, fleecy snow. All yesterday it fell in feathery pat- ches till it made a mantle and a crown for everything. The same old snow that has fallen in its silent fashion since the clouds began to gather, the wind to blow, and the stars to rain fire. As if the genius of the weather were putting the frost heaps through the threshing-machine of nature, and scatter- ing the white chaff in scorn upon Ute world, so has it fallen. And the children ' have watched it half-sad, they know not why, and the old men have shaken their heads to think of how the frosts of so many winters have fallen on their hair and made it like to silver. And somehow that quietly falling show has brought » certain calm with it. But when the white curtains have fallen completely, and the son-god looks out on his dominions, they are Arranged as a bride for her marriage. óat in the country the white petals are piled ap ia a heep against the fences, and block-the barn doors, and have put a great night-cap on the straw-stack. The fields are shining seas of pure white, and the maple trees that stretched out their gaunt arms as if praying for the spring-time are garmented as with carded wool. . Upon the housetops it lies like s pad of àraarant, and the woodpile has a coverlet to hide its nakedness. The little snow birds " peep-peep " on the frosen clothes line in the back-garden, and the horses and cows, shaggy in the rough winter hair, shake the white patches loosely from them, or stand in sleepy content and let them melt upon their steaming backs, -Beside the quiet farmhouse some plump red-faced ' boys make cannon balls of white, and hurl them at each other with the force of catapults. Home lie down in the yielding softness,. and with their bare hands batter and , knead it like dqugh ; but two chubby barbarians make battle, and one goes under and the other goes over, and Upper scrubs Under's face with this frost-flour, and how the water trickles down the collar and in the hair ! Horrible t Notât all. I have done it a hundred times, and have been under too, and would be glad in this fervid Southern Christ- mas to do it again, 'though I am no longer a boy. How the faoe tingles, and how the j spirit of revenge rises, and how, hot as fur- naces, do we become 1 But, Eheu 1 this is j but a " Mockery King of Snow," and I am I I but a vain dreamer after all. ! Inside the house the hired girl is making; mince pies and " croHies "-the pudding has been made for weeks-and the youngest of the family rubs his nose against the edge of the table, and smears his face with'flour. Little Jack 1 Already his stocking ia hung behind the big Btone beside the dried, apples and pans of huckleberries, and he will be up before, daylight: to find it to- morrow. And it will be jammed full.of rock-candy and sugar pop-corn balls, a horse and cart, a whistle, and a wooden deer on wheels, and outside to the toe will be tied a new pair of shoes. All bf which, with heaps of other .things,: old Santa' Clátis is bringing, home now in the sleigh from town. The whole house smells, feels, looks like Christmas, even to the twigs of spruce set up in the corner and about the picture frames. 'Along the country'road are scores of laughing loads of travellers going td ami from town, and as they posa each other exchange a " Merry Christmas," two words that have made end do make so many hearts warm that are frigid ' enough during the' rest of thc year, and weary enough, too, perhaps, j Ha 1 There ia an upset I People, buffalo roben, parcela, driver, and all over into the snow. In a narrow part of the road two sleighs havo tried to pass each other, and ono runner slips off the raised track and over they go. Hurt? - Nota bit of it. Angry f Not they. Merry as crickets. Even the grey-baired benignant old lady has simply rolled easily out! in an indiscriminate, but comfortable heap, and the irrepressible school- girl, brimful of fun, shakes' the snow from her woolen cloud about her head, and says, " O wasn't it fun, Nedi" And it really was. But the old |iatriaroh. Jacob, the farmei, has had all he could do to keep the horses quiet, and kick- ing his overshoes against the now righted sleigh, says, not unkindly but gruffly, " Come now, gals, haint you dono langhin' ; quit thia foolishness, climb in en settle down." And other sleighs, with their jingling bolls, pass by, and the air is crisp and. sharp, and the- sun shines, and the land is full of pent-up power, for under the snow tho grain is growingiaaafjk in the spring the snow will Bteal nwayM¡Í$í ciweks and runnels, and the earth wjjbjfij covered with shoots of green that will f^HV bread to the sower and food to the mjKi In tho town, the streets aro full, the^Gij|| are fall, the houses are full-^publiol^Sfi and all. But there is not much di^^^H Everyone is too busy with little thought and deeds anil words to be ^^^^B¡ much to-day ; perhaps to-morrow. /flHHVI wc wilJ not pull the curtain of to-morrow. Hem cornea Madeline and her mother dainty pink-and-white Madeline, who comes but seldom down these crowded streets; but she must come to-day. Her big surprised eye« are full of light and life, and ber little hands, in soft mittens, are full of muffled animation over the joy and the brightness of the Christmas-tide. What wonder ! Not four years old, yet she is buying a present for her little sister, and playing Santa Claus. She mles the household now, and to-morrow she will say " grace " at the table, and help her mother prepare the baby's feast. Little Madeline, and Minnie, and Jean, and Black Eyes, and Chubby, and Arthur, and Harold, and hosts of children besides in the land of snow will be glad to-morrow that the old traditions hold their own, and that the spirit of goodness is abroad in the land. Everybody is buying presents for every- body, and the poorest are not so poor but they can find some grain of comfort and enjoyment in it all. And still the bells jingle, and the crowd "fill_. the jtrents tîll twilight and f| yet not dárkníj to-night. ThfJ busy but they| sports of the i| Ont on theil groups in blaijf The fair fauf hair in fluffs fej full of healfchf H plaint and st| are nanango; Byron, or ' or pen men, agna rôST*Îluë~J5êlia-Cruscan type bf soul. Those j long, straight, shining, snowy paths down the mountain side are " slides.*'. If they had j not the mountain! they would build a wooden one, with this same slide, like a flume and stairs at either Bide, up which eager humanity If would climb to go down the slide, no longer " humous," but shooting stars in white and blue blankets. That long, thin slip of bass- wood, turned up at front end and covered with soft yielding cushions, is a tobogán, and this sport is toboganning. The pines on either side are full of mystery and sway- ing song, low like the note of the fluted wren beneath the vine-covered caves in summer. And the stars twinkle, and the moon is over all. Down they come, group after group, laugh- ing, singing, buoyant, impetuous, meteoric; and now comes the going up. The spice of danger going. down has brought a zest to this. The timid have leaned a little bit dependingly on the confident, and the for- mer were chiefly- women and the latter largely men. And perhaps it has just made them all a little more friendly. So up they go in merry groups, dragging their light toboganB after, which, I am inclined to think, have carried more romances; than the tablets of the gallants of Venice in its moat romantic days ever recorded. TJp they go in the star- light and the moonlight, nèver tiring/ never jaded, to go_ down and up again, one con- tinuous i;rain bf health and happiness, where never any voice of discord rises, and no petty Babels are reared. But look I Coming over the hill .' through the pines are ghostly forms, with lights like huge glow-worms: shining against the same background. A procession of ghoBts from ghoBtland, come back for a respite, as 8iint Brendan's Indus on the iceberg Î Hardly, They are a lively lot of spirits, if they are such. -Ever plainer, ever swifter, they near us. Queer ghosts, these, in blanket dress and " tuques," and slashing belts and long woollen stockings, gliding along on shoes that look like wide, and their tennis rackots, torches in their hands, and singing-well, I don't know exactly ' what it is, but perhaps this may do as well : SNOW-SUOEINO. SONG. The moon oreeps up and over the hills ; The woods are dim and hoary ; The atareare white; this winter night,' With light, God's first-born glory ; And the wind will blow, - . , .k ,.". And the skies will snow, .-' M í i .?? ' ' ' And we all are brothers wherever ve go. Your horns blow long, blow sweet, blow strong And set the echoes calling ; . Your torches wave by the Ice-king's oaye, ; ï rt"; Where the frost-mists now are falling ; And the circle make, And your meet-bells shake, ; <j 1 Till we break his dreair*a and the king awake. Hark I Tho ice cracks out on tho silent lake ; He wakes-we pass like shadows, ¡ Through dark-top pines, in level lines, To the snow-wrapped, sleeping meadows ; I And our song we sing, ; And our bella we ring, ? i And the winter's joy is on everything. - Down the hill our sportspeople came sing- ing " Auld Lang Syne," and on the way they meet the last home-goers from the day's'tóil. Everyone has a parcel. The errand boy with the thin coat and the felt cap and blue nose, the well-to- do tradesman with his ixwkets full of mystery, and the curate of the little'church in the cedars, who with a few others had laboured lute and early for these many days to wreathe the chancel, nave, and choir loft with festoons of cedar, spruce, and mountain ash berries that tho very grenness might keep in men's minds their memories green of good deeds done by tender vanished hands, of lips that saint-like sang to divers strings ; and, indeed, that all might carry their thought book over the evergreen ages of the time when " Shepherds watched their flocks. by night," and the ohamber of Bethlehem cradled a king. CHEESE.-We had an opportunity this week, ''tasting a sample of cheese manufactured at r. E. Carter's dairy farm at Aititon, Goolman and can truly say that-it is a. very fine article, and should ci good price in the Sydn we are glad to find thai making industry is mal that, backed by capital ia possessed by Mr. Carte! lately embarked in thia midst, it may bo shortly1 very largo dimensions. BRTIEK LATE THAX NBV1 ?sutil Christmas and Kow mt-day, and hope to send tl ?fext wook. W ALMANAC.-Mr. E. Carter,' ?livor Agont of tho National .Insuranoo Company of Now Zool .lauded us a copy of tho portal^ ?the y oar 1887 (with a wook on a the Company.' Aa usual it is vo: with a descriptive aeeno in New wilt bo found very useful to all pe in business, «ftc. .le at i markets, and and cheese strides, and no, such as a, who have irise in onr to assume ssue our iplemcnt, along dimond larino idly for by {up, and kod 