BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. ^ Art circles in Now York havo folt no sensa tion like that exporioncod for tho past few days, by tho exhibition of " Rombrandt's Gilder." It was on view at the Schaus Art room oil Fifth Avenue, and from the day of tho oponing to tho close, Mr Schaus' elegant gallery lias been crowded by tho intellect beauty and fashion of tho city. In con tradistinction of somo othorart exhibits, thoro has been 110 beating of drums or blowing of horns ; thoro was 110 need of it—for here in small compass quietly reposed on its easol one of tho most perfect works of 0110 of tho grandest mastors of ancient or modern times. Tlio.se who have lingered in tho mag nificent gallorios of tho Louvro, of Antwerp of Vienna, Borlin and London, will noed 110 reminder of him—of whojo Imperial genius this littlo canvas was one of tho brightest gems Who was he whoso features tho=groat painter has thus enshrined in immortality V No man knowoth ; neither can any man tell certainly, why it is called the Gilder. Surmise hath it that it is tho portrait of the man who furnished the great artist with frames for his pictures ; if so he received an immortal rc componso for his humblo work. 217 years havo passed sinco this grand face was painted, and saving the fact that tho colors aro mellowed and softened by timo, it might have como from tho oasal a year ago. The picturo is not for the million, but for those who lovo art for art's solf—and such a man is William Schaus, tho fortunate owner of this price less canvas. What is it worth ? I donTt know ; you havo often heard of a thing being worth its weight in gold ; you would have to pilo your double eagles very high on tho Gildor to got it from William Schaus. What is its great merit 1 It lies in the fact, that this is tho absolute perfection of human portraiture ; boyond this, human art cann.it go. Tha face is tho personification of through and absoluto honesty. As Uamlot says, "fd take tho ghost's word for a thousand pounds." A calm satisfaction rests on every feature and ho looks like a inan whose lines have fallen in pleasant places. One of the ni03t rcmarkablo effects ia ; that walk about the room whorevor you will tho eyes follow you with a kindly gaze, and as your attention becomes more fixed on tho face, it sooms as if tho old Dutchman might step down from tho canvas to bid you a pleasant Gooden mornin. If it wore not for tho presenco of this imperial picturo, thero aro threo others that would challenge admiration in any collection in the world ; a Rosseau, a Diaz, and a Carot, which it would bo difficult to match ill any collection on tho American continent. Nothing but tho most exquisito taste, undivided lovo of art and abundant wealth could have rendered such a collection possible. William Schaus and his nephew, Herman Schaus, havo dono much for art in tho United States ; tho ovidence3 of their genius and tasto are to be seen in tho finest collections in tl.e land but nothing they have dono can equal the present obligation, under which they have laid all lovers of the true and boautiful in art, in presenting to the public tho present mag nificent collection, which is crowned with Rembrandt's Gilder. Another Enoch Arden turned up in Brook lyn tho other night, aftor an absenco of thirty years. Ono night in tho fall of 1850, Mr. P. Davis, who wa3 then a rich broker had a quarrol with his wife; he walkod out of the house, and she never set eyes on him again till sho found him tho other day a ragged tramp in a charitablo institution iu Brooklyn. When lie left that city thirty years ago, ho wa3 a well to do broker, young and handsome; a member of all tho swell clubs, with a comfortable bank account and everything prosperous about him. When he returned, ono bitter night last woek, he knocked at the doorofacharitableinstitution, The Good Samaritan, and at tho time ho had on a light alpacca coat,' no shirt, ragged pants, ono india rubber and otic leather shoe, no socks and was as miserable a specimen of humanity aB ono could well conceive. EL'13 children are all married, and his wife is in tho enjoyment of a comfortable fortune. What disposition they may make of Enoch remains to be seen; but, as yet, they havo prepared no fatted calves to welcome the pro digal's return. No need to travel any more, everything is ' brought wholesale to our doors. On one street an entire Japanese city; on another a Pneblo from Central Mexico—no sham, but tho real gonuine thing from Poncho to Mescal On Broadway, rapidly hastening to comple tion, is the counterpart of The Cripple Gate, as it has stood in London for over seven hun dred years—and with it, wo are to have Beef eaters, Halberdiers, Crossbow men,and all tho accessories of Ye Olden Time. "When his friend remarked to Sir Charles Coldstream "But you must acknowledge that you've nothing like St. Peter's in London." He replies, "We don't want it, my boy, we don't want it: if we did, we'd have the confounded tiling boxed up and sent over." That is just what we are doing in New York to day. A season or two ago, thousands of our. fashionables—and some not so fashionable made a scrub race for Montreal to see Tobog ganing and tho Ice Palace. Bless your heart we've got 'email right hero now — Ice Paltfce,' tobogganing, snow shoes, curling and now wo talk of turning a few white boars loose in Central Park, just to give tho winter scene a sort of Polar tlavnr. It would bo so nice to hoc a real genuine Polar bear walking around tho obelisk, with a pair of snowshnes slung over his back and :i toboggan in hi.s month. Speaking of sii-jw shoes — thu bravest and thu bust of tho Montreal clubs dropped down on us Iastwuok, tho authorities g.wo thorn tlio freedom of tho city, and placed (Jontral Park at their disposal. Thoro was not much snow to speak of, but what little wo had thoy turned to the best account; and a common Now Yorker could hardly get a wink, or a smile, from a pretty girl as long aa those fascinating Canadians with their gor geous blankets and winning ways remained in town. Thoy were welcomed everywhere, and tho only fault wo had to liml with them was that thoy did not stay long onough. No largo body of inon, who have over visited this city, havo left moro pleasant memories behind thom. Tobogganing is ourlast craze, and wo'vt got it bad. When tho thing was first talked of, oarly in tho wintor, a young gentleman ad dressing a young lady said, " Miss Jenkins, do you indulge iu tobogganing later in Decombor it was, "Miss .Jenkins, do you to bog and now with advent of the New Year, it's "Miss Jenkins, will you bog, or I'm going a bogging, and don't you wish you could bog." Rough blankets, coats and sleds without runners, are now all the go and tho follah who leant tobog, is no follah at all, yo knaw -so, of course, ovory follah wants to tobog with a lot of pretty girls on tho tobog with him, half a-dozon or so ; its fun 1 toll you. If you don't bcliovo it try it. It may tako your breath away at first; but, if tho slide is good and tho girls fat and pretty, and they hug-you tight beeauso they're afraid, you feel aa if you wouldn't care if you ran into a snoiv bank or turned a somersault over tho North Polo. Hurrah for a tobog. A calamity moro terrible than tho pesti lenco which walkoth abroad in tho night is threatening tho two groat cities of New York and Brooklyn, and that is a coal famine. Jlero are two millions of poople, evory one of whom needs Ilia share of warmth in this bitter wintor woathor. To tho rich it moans simply a littlo inconvenienco and hardly that; to tho poor it moans absolute iniseryandsuflering un told. When coal is $">.00 a ton, tho poor man who buys it by tho pailful, pays tho man at tho corner grocery ton,—should it riso to -SIO.OO, a pail of coal will ooBt him thirty or forty cents furnishing just enough of fuel to cook his misorablo meal, with 110 margin to keep his wife and his children from freezing. The Coal Kings rofuso to givo tho miners an extra twenty-livo conts a ton, but thoy are <|uito willing to tax tho consumers an extra fivo dollars a ton. By a single resolution of a half dozen men seated iu their comfortable odious, forty or fifty millions of dollars were added to the already enormous profits of these coal plutocrat?,. If ever thoro was a case for goveruuulnt intervention this is one of them, and tlieso heartless capitalists should bo taught that tho poor man has sonio rights, which even coal Kings are bound to respect. Tho death of tho Itovorond J. Ilalstoad Carroll in Minnesota,-closes sorrowfully a long atid stormy life. A fow years ago Mr Carroll was pastor of tho First Reformed Church in Brooklyn, and during his pastorate his name was mixed up with a number of scandals, which led to his expulsion from tho pulpit. Ho went to Nowburg, and while there again g.)tinto trouble, and was forced to pack his satchel and leave. In tho west he was equally unfortunate, till ho was driven from tho ministry, but afterwards succeeded in getting a church in Minnesota, and died estranged from all of his former friends. Doctor Carroll was blessed with a most on gaging presonco, splendid talents, and a mag netic manner which won him friends wher ever ho wont ; but ho was cursed with 1111 ovorwooning vanity and self conceit, which eventually led him to ruin. Tho son of an omincnt clergyman, a favourito of fortune, with a brilliant and promising start in lifo, he becamo a moral wreck, drifted hither and thither by his own moroiless passions, and instead of being borno to an honoured gravo by hundreds of weeping friends, ho is now only remcmbored with humiliating sorrow by the church he disgraced and tho peoplo ho betrayed. The Society for the Prevontionof Cruelty to Children has scored another victory in pro curing tho sentenco of Mrs Melville, the cruel Brooklyn woman, who kept her orphan niece tied to tho floor for nino long mouths, besides almost starving her to death. The wifo got oil'with a year in the penitentiary, while tho husband and sou, who stood quietly by and witnessed tho horrid atrocity day after day, escaped any punishment at ail. Still it is something to know, that there is in this community an association of men and women to whom tho muto and suffering look of oven a dumb animal will not appeal in vain. The weather has been decidedly rough— cold, snowy and disagrocablo. The recent colobration of Cornelius Van derbilt's branch of tho Railroad Young Men's Christian Association has stirred up a num bor of rich men in our sister city of Brooklyn, where I soo they havo organised a Young Moil's Hebrow Association, modelled 011 the plan of tho Y. M. C. A. A number of wealthy Hobrows havo taken hold of the work, and tho chances are that within a few months Young Men's Hebrew Associations will bo formed in all tho principal cities of the Union. This will bo an inestimable boon to tho largo army of young Hobrew 111011 who travel for mercantile houses. Tho Brooklyn branch, which will bo the mother association, will in duo time havo a magnificent building with lectures, library, entertainments, baths, gym nasium, and all tho appliancas of modern civilisation. It is safo to say, from tho gen tlemen who have tho business in hand, that tho Hebrew Y. M. 4. will not bo a whit bo hind those of their Christian brothers. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 