Telegrams. Intercolonial News. [Thkodoh G»BTn.Li!'e Tiliskiii Co.] /brDNEY, Thursday. The Minister for Lands has decided thata bomestetd lease dues not legally oiist until the Tight to occnp}- tlio land 16 acquired bjr tlieapplicant innkingccr tain paymenU. It is understood than n new nchnme ii to be put forward by the Minister for Mines for dealing with tho rabbit pest It includes tbe fonciog in of twelve mil lion nrrcs of )and. Four coses of small-pox were retried last 'I uesdoy at the qtuiniiitiiic ground, but they arc still in very doubtful stages. The Minister for Mines intends to con sider the report of the Bulli Colliery Commission as soon as possible. Bhould he find lie is wtmnnted in. doing no the papers will bo forwarded to the Crown Law Office to institute criminal proceed, ings ngainet anyone in any way rcspon siblc for loss of life. A Inrgo number of members of the Australian Itcpnhiican Union assembled last night, when the rules were further considered. Lord Cmrington leaves for Melbourne to dny, and after visiting Ucniliquin and Adelaide he returns to Sjdncv on the 29th. A irliirn prepared br the police shows that there are 76 ground floor, and 18 upstairs private bun; in the city, and of these 26 arc sublet to women- lie Minister for .lusticc feels that it is im )-ossible to deal with the cues of sublet ting private liar, owing to the di ticulty of obtaining evidence, but is fully im pressed with the necessity for action, owing to complaints Hindu on moral gronnds against some ol the houses sub. l''t. He intends tn bring the mutter be fore the Government when discussing tin! pro|K-9L'd aincniliiieut of the Licens ing Act. The man Finnev, the victim in the Rvdfern shooting case, failed to put in an njipenrancc in eu;i|-urt of the charge of nttcuiptcd munli'i- preferred agaiuEt bis eon to-day. 'I lie case has been post poned until Tuesday, and a warrant will up istucd for the nltcmlniice of the prose cutor. Humour is current tlinl n portion of the Lneblan Swamps, otherwise the Centennial Park, is to be devoted lo the new viceregal residence, to be called the Centennial Palace. About forty or fifty now aro to be resumed no that the itcc tinn of the vico-rcjral residence may go on simultaneously with that of the Mate House. In accordance villi a resolution passed at the' Orange Heeling Ii ?]-] on the 12th July, the Grandmaster cabled to Lord Salisbury us follows:— ' The Loya OriniL'c meeting, nnmlicrinir 20.000 per eons, sympathises wi h you on the Irish' question.' 'I ho jury in the Hawkesburr railway disaster have found that Driver Hnnkin's doitth was caused l-y jum]iing or falling from a runaway train, fearing the danger of nn accident, and knowing that the train wns beyond control. 'Jbey attri bute the accident to groat want of super vision on the part of the railway officials in not carrying out Hie instructions laid down for their guidance, thereby endan gering the fafety of the railway travel ling public. Thej consider the driver did all he could to stop the train, and are also of opinion thnt the engine was imt sufficiently ]mwerfnl, thnt the train was not prujwrly inspected before it left .Syd ney or npoii it* leaving Hornsby. They ore, further of opinion thnt the air coup lings or taps on leaving 'ornsbv wcic complete, and that the brake power wns not sufficient. 'J hey also added a rider requesting the Government, on behalf of tho public, to apjioinl a commission to enquire, into the different branches of tbe railway department, no that an organised and moro complete Bystcm be ndouted. HBLUUUltKE An enormous haul of fish nns made yesterday in Alfred Graving Dock after the steamer Adelaide hnd been flouted in. As the witter receded countless thou- | sands of 6sh were left at the bottom of tho dock Hundreds of persons took them away in all sorts of vehicles. It is estimated that 20 tons of fish were captured, SIDAEF, Monday. Tho cattle market was well supplied. Best best 19s Od. In tho shoop market there was a good sun ply and prices jumped considerably. 601b wethers lSs Od. The Board of Enquiry appointed by tht Commissioner for,' Railways, to investigate the ease of the Peat's Ferry railway uocident, report that tho actioo arose tram the sadden failure of the brake power. The failure was not owing either to insnUdency or an im perfect condition of the brsko, bit to «n In ndidous use of thorn by the unfortunate driver, and that the air reservoirs of the car riages became exhausted, in which oondiiiou the application of the brake was Impossible, and then was not time enough lor driver Wilson to recharge the reservoirs and bring them into use before tho accident took plaoc. Tho Telegraph in a leudor to-day expresses general agreement with the vordiot of tho coroner's jury, and also considers that a duty of instituting raiminal prosecutions against the official* whose laxity oontributtd to the disaster cannot be avoided. The Herald, on the other hand, consider* the vordiot of the jury unsatisfactory, and is inclined to agree with the opinion of the hoard of enqnlry. A Urge number of men sn the extra staff of tbe Customs Department have received notice that their services will not be required after the end of September, tho collodion of the ad valorem duties ceasing at that time. Whuo eeamhinff for the outward and visible signs of a reported ghost, the police at Lad denhone, near Fenrith, came across a quantity of partially bunt human bones. The ooat in the coroner's enquiry into the Peal's Ferry railway accident is expected to be £1,100. Two young girls named Gibson and Parker, whilst walking near Jervia Bay, came to an empty hut in which they found a gun. They began rkylarUag, when the gun went off, kSiBg Hiss Parker instantly. MELBOURNE. Friday. Mr. Andrew Kerr, anrvejor, of Waraam bool, was found dead in a chair at the Council Chamber*. Heleftaletterforhlawiuonthe desk. ' There is tittle doubt Oat ho mmmtttea ankidebydrinldngstrvcluUM. In tbe latter heaays (bat Ul health was the esuue of Us djalrmgtolioit tho world. In replying to a oongratulatury address presented in the same ol the British Army, her Majesty said the prayed God to grant pa»oe during the remainder of her reign. ; 