MUDGEE. (Post.) ACCIDENT AT BROGAN'S CREEK.— On Monday afternoon last a man named Furbanks met with a nasty accident at Brogan's Creek in a very simple way. It appears that he was engaged with some other men in removing a large stone by means of a rope. The stone was of oblong shape, the rope was fastened round it, and the men were pulling it to the edge of the large embankment, almost opposite the water tank. When the boulder was drawn to the edge, the word "let go" was given, and away went the stone down the bank, taking the rope with it. By some strange means the end of the rope flew up, caught Furbanks round the neck, and drew him down the embankment, drawing him clean over several times. He was at once picked up and put in the brake van (the train being there at the time), when it was found he had sustained some very severe injuries, one of his legs being very badly cut and his right shoulder bruised. Furbanks was brought on to Ilford, where he was looked after for the night. Next morning he was sent on to Wallerawang, where he received medical treat- ment, and is now doing fairly well. Furbanks' accident was witnessed by several persons, who all pronounce his escape a miraculous one. MORE GHOSTLY VISITORS. — Mudgee and its vicinity seem likely, if rumour is to be credited, to become a chosen playground for disembodied spirits. The appearance ot the unrecognisable and inarticulate Cooyal ghost has been followed by that of a young female who became — so the story says— disembodied some twelve years ago under peculiarly distressing circumstances This interesting person is said to exhibit her self at uncertain times, among the branches of an old half-dead tree not far from the inter- section of Lawson and Gladstone streets. There are said to have also been some curious phenomena witnessed in some adjacent cottages, pots and pans, earthenware and glass have been displaced, but so far as we can learn this is a careful, orderly, and decorous ghost, and never breaks anything, as it is on record that some ill-conditioned ghosts have been known to do. No one seems to quite know why this interesting female should have allowed her remains to rest quietly under the fowl house, where they are supposed to lie, for twelve years, and should have now became so violently anxious to do something startling in order to wake up the survivors to a consciousness of tbeir duty towards her. There are, however, said to be two distin- guished experts in ghosts now in Mudgee, and we may soon have the great good fortune to get their opinions on this knotty question. We hope, at least they will take the Lawson- street ghost in hand, and at least induce the young female to discontinue her present present practice of taking the air in a tree — most in decorous even for a disembodied female. 