THE BED THAT COULD NOT BE MOVED. (FROM ALL THE YEAR BOUND.) I was always influenced by coincidences, presentiments, and strange, unaccountable tales. I always enjoyed reading or hearing of them, and for years aspired to be the hero of one. Hours of relaxation without a good sensational tale or ghost story were shorn of half their restful benefit. Of course I knew all the tricks of the ghostly romancer by heart; I was up to all his ancient houses, tapestried chambers, old pictures, furniture, secret panels, and the like; but they amused me to follow none the less, and at one time my only wish was for some personal experience amongst such surroundings. It never came, however, and when at last there did happen to me a startling adventure, it was amidst circumstances the most prosaic and commonplace, having for a background nothing more romantic and weird than a newly-erected suburban and " Jerry-built" house. Yes, it was in such an unpromising place, and under most matter-of-fact conditions, that I passed through an experience of which even to this day I cannot think without a shudder. Not that it was a ghostly form of the terrible, and though nnnatural, could not be said to be supernatural ; but it was sufficiently appalling to be classed with any romance of dark deeds and singular escapes. My business took me entirely out of the region of romance. I had never had a chance of passing a night in a haunted house or room, and, as my studies in that direction led me only to look in such places for what I hoped to find, I was perhaps less prepared for what happened. It came about in this fashion. The Volunteer movement had just commenced, and I, like other able-bodied youngsters, enlisted in the cause with considerable enthusiasm. Five-and-twenty years ago, those who had more money and leisure than the rest were naturally thought the fittest to take commands, without much regard to anything else. Here and there exceptions, however, were made to this unwritten rule, and I was one of these, for certainly I had no money. I do not want to appear egotistical; but I had a turn for soldiering, was smart, quick, and fairly well set up. I soon acquired proficiency sufficient to justify quick promotion, and ere long found myself captain of my company. It was said I had the making in me of a good Boldier. I obeyed to the letter, and expected others to do the same. Authority, however, was often disputed on parade. The position of an officer, therefore, who knew what he was talking about, was not always an enviable one. Mine was not, for I am hasty and peppery, and seldom measure my words to the rank and file; but in the main I do not think I was unpopular, and I certainly had no idea that I was sowing the seeds of vengeful ill-will. One young fellow there was, however, who displayed a very turbulent, epirit^and perhaps I might have doubted him. But after one or two unseemly disputes, in our relative capacities of captain and private, he, like others of his temper, left the corps, and I utterly forgot his existence and his name. After two years, the persistent cold shoulder turned by the authorities of the War Office towards the Volunteers, as is well known, had a very cooling effect upon their enthusiasm. Many of the regiments dwindled visibly j the earnest men became disgusted, and the indifferent threw up what little interest they might originally have taken in the movement. I was amongst the former, and when by degrees the numbers became so reduced that the whole affair was fast growing farcical, I, too, resigned, and retired for a time into private life. Regretfully ? Yes, for I had grown fond of soldiering, Still, I saw that unless the movement was placed on a very different footing, the position of a private was far preferable to that of an officer ; indeed, was the only becoming one for a citizen-soldier to hold. This feeling led me eventually to join another corps in that capacity. I enjoyed the shooting, the exercise, and the drill; refusing all offers of promotion, content to play the humble and obscure part of an amateur Tommy Atkins. When the third year of this service was drawing to its close, there came round a certain Easter time, bringing with it, according to custom, the Volunteer Review. I cared little for these military promenades, contributing, as they then did, to little else than pomp and vanity ; but I thought I would attend this one, which was to be held in the neighbourhood of Goldchester, my birthplace, away up in the midlands; but to which I had not been for 18 years. I thought I should like to visit the old and once familiar spot. I heard it had improved and grown into a large manufacturing town, and I was curious, if not sentimental, on the subject. My finances, however, were low, and although I knew I could go inexpensively enough for the three days with the regiment, I wanted a longer and uninterrupted time at the place in order to give my curiosity, and such sentiment as I had, full play. So I determined to spend a week in the town on the cheap, and join headquarters when they arrived there. A large, wild, and open tract of heath and moorland, for which the neighborhood was distinguished, offered a splendid battle-ground for the amateur soldiers, and this in tormer days, had been a favorite haunt of mine. Now, I was told, the suburbs of Goldchester extended nearly to the skirts of this moor, end I settled that I would try and find lodgings on that side of the town. Well, I arrived on the Monday afternoon preceding the Good Friday, and made straight to carry out my intention, but when I had threaded my way through what were formerly the limits of the town in the direction of the moor, I simply lost myself. Grown and, altered indeed, was everything, with lines of new streets, tramcars, and bustle, where once had been green lanesj but eventually I got clear of these and found myself in the new suburb. The outskirts of manufacturing towns are seldom so cheerful and pretty as these happened to be, aud although there was an unfinished look about the most recently-built streets and rows of bouses, and these were in themselves somewhat mean and essentially "Jerry-built," they were not exactly ugly. • Their intrusion upcn the greenery of Nature had spared many fine trees and clusters of trees which, intermingling pleasantly with the bricks and mortar, veiled and softened the inherent obtruaiveness of the pretentious architectural lines. A fairly broad and pretty river, willow-fringed and rash- margined, likewise lent considerable attraction to the district through which it wound in many a picturesque sweep and bend. The row of houses, in one of which I took up my abode, backed on to this river, down to the banks of which ran little narrow strips of gardens, from the rear of the buildings, whilst their wooded character afforded a bright and cheerful oatlook from the windows. There were not more than ha!f-a.dozen dwellings in Chester Terrace, as it modestly called itself and when I first came upon it and saw the words, " Apartments for a Single Gentleman," in the windows of an end house, I determined at once to negotiate for them. Indeed there waB no choice, for at the next door—the only other occupied tenement— there was nothing to let ; the row did not appear to have been finished more than-a few weeks. The landlord was at home when I, knocked, and a brass plate on the door informed me that his name was Carstack, engineer and surveyor. The next door, too, number five, had another plate on it with the name " Mr. Ralph Carstack, Surgeon, &c.;" In reply to my enquiry, the engineer begged me to walk in. He was effusively polite, but his voice was harsh, unpleasant, and not without a faint foreign accent. " Would I be so good as to look at the rooms ?—on the first, back and front. He was sure he would make me comfortable. His daughter-in-law was an excellent cook —she lived next door with her husband, and came in and out to attend upon lodgers." The terms being low, I went upstairs to inspect. A comfortable sitting-room with bed-room adjoining behind, both simply but neatly furnished; the bed alone calling for any special attention. It was somewhat peculiar-looking, from being very low, iron, without hangings, and for a single person. I agreed to engage the apartments for the inside of a fortnight. " You have come to take part in our great militaiy display, sir," said Mr. Carslack, watching me as I stood my rifle in a corner and unslung my knapsack, for of course I was in uniform and in heavy marching order—rather more heavy perhaps than became a suldier. " Ah! it will be a fine display—good practice and excellent training. It is an admirable movement, this. My son is a Volunteer and a capital shot, but he has not much time—doctors are busy men." I expressed satisfaction, and the voluble landlord continued : " As you are here so soon, you will perhaps enter the rifle com- petition, which takes place this week on the moor. There are many prizes—some very valuable, and open to all comers, some." " Ah I indeed?" I said, " I am glad to know that. Certainly I shall go in for a liltle shooting. There should be an excellent range to be found on the moor." " Oh! yes, first rate, sir; but excuse me, you seem to speak as if you knew the place. You are, perhaps, no stranger ? " No, I knew Goldchester years ago." " Really ? Do you know many of the inhabitants 9" " No, I suspect not now. Most of those I knew are dead, and others would not remember me." " It is long, then, since you were here 1 Many years perhaps ? " continued Carstack inquisitively, and eyeing me furtively. " And your name, sir ? your name might be known, if not yourself "My name is Garrett—Richard Garrett," I answered, " but I doubt if any of my family are to be found in Goldchester now." He appeared struck by the name, started at it almost, and then regarded me more curiously than ever. " But now, perhaps, you will got me something to eat," I went on, a little bored by the man's curiosity and manner. I had rapidly made up my mind that I did not like him. He had a sinister aspect and a bad face, though he was fairly good- looking; dark, about 60, and decidedly not wholly English. The effect my name produced on him set me wondering if I could remember his as connected with the town, and after a bit, I did seem to recover a dim memory of it. Yes, it certainly was associated somehow with my early days, but too vaguely to give a lead as to any circumstances connected with it. I am naturally taciturn, and perhaps not very sociable, and on this occasion I felt unusually depressed. The return to the old place, the recollections it brought back, and the reference the man had made to my possible acquaintances in it, revived memories not exhilarating. So after a while I went forth for a stroll while my meal was preparing. In the course of the ramble I came across the headquarters of the local corps, where a placard announced, with the full particulars of the rules, entries, &c.;, that the prizes for the Grand Rifle Competition - on Goldstone Moor were " now on view." I read, became interested, and went into the building. I determined to enter myself at least for the " All-comers' Prize "—a handsome silver-gilt goblet with a purse of twenty sovereigns, and there it stood among others, on a sort of counter in front of me. I thought I should like to pull that off; it would be very acceptable, and I was prepared to back my akill. I did so, by paying the necessary small fees to the attendant, had my name and that of my corps entered in the official list of competitors, and then looked over it. Amongst them was the name of Raphael Carstack^ doubtless that of my landlord's son—the doctor. t The shooting wasto- take place^on -the two following days, so I determined that I would not give way to the sad memories which the nighborhood revived, and that I should infinitely prefer two or three days on the open, breezy moor after all, to spending them in wandering about the now, to me, lonely streets. Everything was satisfactory and comfortable at the lodgings, but the bedstead still attracted my attention. When stooping to look at it, I tried to push its head close up to the wall; to my amazement I found it could not be moved. The short legs were riveted to the floor. Was there ever such a queer arrangement ? And what could be its purpose 1 It stood isolated, facing the window, but, as I say, not with its head close to the wall; the space of a foot at least was between. Well, I could not make it out, so I turned in and slept soundly. I may note that a second door in the room appeared to communicate with the next house, but had no lock or any sign of a fastening on my side. It seemed to be a fixture, solid and without any apparent means of being opened. The next morning I could not refrain from questioning the young woman—the daughter-in-law—who served my breakfast, about the bed. She appeared unable, certainly unwilling, to expatiate on the subject. It was some invention of her father's; he was always inventing one thing or another—she didn't understand them. A comely, intelligent, but sad, and scaredlooking woman, neat, baniy, and attractive, but not quite of the stamp one expects to find in the wife of a medical man ; nor did her occupation harmonise with her position. As she was about to leave the room she glanced back at me, and putting her finger to her lips, said, lowering her voice : " Don't ask about that bed, sir. Don't seem surprised at it. Take my advice." Then, walking close up to me, she whis pered: " Keep good friends with them— my father and husband I mean." Startled and surprised for a moment, I did not speak, and she was again about to leave the room when I called her back peremptorily. " What do you mean?" I asked. " I keep good friends with everybody, I hope; your father and husband are not likely to give me cause to break my habit, I suppose V " I hope not; but they are dangerous to quarrel with." How long have ypu been married ?" " Not six months, and I wish* I'd never seen him." Does your husband illtreat you 1" " Not quite that; very near. But I'm afraid of them both." Tears were starting in her eyes, and she seemed on the point of unburthening her mind further when a footstep in the passage below was audible, and she flew from the room like a frightened hare. "Sufficiently mysterious all this," I thought, "and not reassuring. I' mthst keep my eyes open." Then, in a not quite comfortable frame of mind, I prepared fo; my shooting expedition, shouldered my rifle, and in the course of half-an-hour found myself one of the many stragglers who were wending their way towards the rifle-range. A bright and lovely spring morning, without wind, and with a soft, subdued, yet clear light, it waB all that a good shot could desire. I do not linger to describe the scene. The arrangements were orderly, and conducted after the usual manner of. such gatherings. Volunteers from various neighboring corps made up the squads of competitors for the various prizes at various ranges. Some were entiaely composed of the uniforms belonging to the Goldchester company, and two or three of these 4ventually fell in with the shooting patty for the All-comers' Prize, in which I was concerned. Our names and qualifications attested, and our rifles duly examined, after the customary loose and happy-go-lucky system, or want of system, which was adopted in those days, we marched to the range in charge of a militia sergeant, and went through the preliminary stages of the competition. All this I paBS over. It is enough that, in the course of the afternoon, I and three others stood out as the four highest scorers, qualified to shoot off the last stage. Three others, and as their names were called out, I noted that of Raphael Carstack. One look left no doubt that he was the son of his father—as like him as he could stare and stare ho did at me considerably. Nor did I fail to return bis gaze, for it had gradually grown upon me that I knew hie face. At last I caught it, but only juBt before we had arrived at the critical moment of the contest. He and I had made the two highest scores oat of the four with a tie, and were about to shoot it off, at 800 yards. He was to fire first, and as be dropped on his knee in position, he gave me about as malicious a look as human eyes are capable of, and it was that look which told me where I had seen him before. He was that young recalcitrant fellow in my old company who had insulted me on parade five years ago ! Surely an ominous coincidence this—oar being brought together again under these circumstances—and in more direct opposition than ever! Whether his tamper, stirred by his old animosity and increased by our present position, affected his shooting, I do not know. But in his five rounds he failed to score what was possible by some three or four points—the consequence being that I went in, beat him easily, and was pronounced winner of the prize. The venom in his eyes, it is needless to say, was not diminished after this, nor did any civil effoit of mine at conciliation affect it. I thought it better not to refer to the past— he appeared to do the same. The few words we exchanged referred almost exclusively to the business on hand; and although I made some reference to my having taken up my abode under his father's roof, he ignored that fact, being too much occupied in the meal he was making off his own heart with disgust, mortification, and hatred of me, for having snatched the goblet and the twenty pounds from his grasp. At the end of the day, as £ returned to the lodgings, I thought to myself: " Well, whatever his young wife may have mean!;, fate has ordained that I should fly in the very face of her advice!" I had quarrelled most effectually with one member of her family, and by no fault of my own. As bed-time arrived, my mind naturally reverted more than ever to the girl's reticence about that immovable bedstead, and I gave it a closer exa<ui< auon. This showed me that the legs dropped into little Bockets or holes in the floor, and could not be lifted out of them. This looked as if it might be connected with the ro on beneath Then what was beneath ? Merely the ground-floor back—the landlord's sleeping apartment. The window gave upon the garden behind. Spring twilight still lingered in the sky, and, as I looked out, I saw father and son down at the end of the garden among the bushes close to the river. They were both attentively regarding my window at the instant I drew up the blind, When they saw me they faced round, as if disliking being caught spying. There was nothing in all this, very likely; yet after what had passed it was not to be over' looked. Again I Boon turned in, bat did not Bleep well. At first I was strangely restless, and later heavily drowsy and dreamtroubled. Young Carstack and his father appeared to be standing on either side of the bed, and then one became my own father—long dead. Then they both stooped over me, and they both had my father's face close to mine. Then I was oat on the moor by the butts—firing was going on, ballets whizzed round my head ; one Btruck me on the arm, and I saw in the distance that it had been fired by young Carstack. He was aiming at me again! In my frantic efforts to get under shelter I awoke. This sort of thing seemed to go on more or less all night, but when up and dressed I did not feel mucb the worse. There awaited me on the breakfast table a somewhat bulky envelope, containing a large letter forwarded to me by my landlady at home, to whom I had sent my ad' dress the night of my arrival in Ohester Terrace. As I was about to tear the outer envelope I noticed that it was soiled, and on a closer scrutiny it looked very much as if it might have been damped and opened after it had been stuck down. Tes, it certainly had been tampered with. Again, I fancied that the enclosure, a long blue envelope like a lawyer's, had been treated in the same way. However, I did not stop to consider, for I was ignorant of the handwriting and curious to learn the contents. I was not accustomed to receive lawyer's letters. Well inde&d; might I have been curious for the document announced that, most unexpectedly, a certain valuable property, actually in Goldchester itself, had been left me by an uncle just deceased. It had belonged to my father, but, through some irregular technicality in hU will, hod not devolvod upon me at his. death as I knew it ought to have done. Ten years ago I had had a lawsuit about this property, and lost it. And now here it waa bequeathed to me! My uncle and I had quarrelled over it, and had not met for years. I did not know till this moment even where he had been liviug. And now it turned out he had lived and died in Goldchester, and had becu buried the day before my arrival. The letter came from a local lawyer, had been sent to my home, and forwarded thence to me here again at Goldchester. Stranger still, and yet still stranger—the property consisted of the very land on which this new suburb, with Chester Terrace in the centre of it, had been built. This discovery, arrived at only after close and attentive perusal of the letter now in my hand, literally took my breath away. The bare facts here condensed must be acceptel as sufficient, briefly to explain a very complicated business. But they are the facts, and that is all that is wanted. I did not spend that day at the rifle range, as may be guessed. It was mainly passed in the solicitor's office, and with him in visiting my uncie's residence—a new house recently built on the estate. A childless, lonely, unloved old man, the solicitor seemed to have been nearly his only friend. That gentleman, in the course of our long confabulation, told mo many things concerning him j one matter especially adding considerably to the curious coincidences which had already associated me with the Carstacks. It seems that my uncle's will, by which I inherited, had been made four years previously, but that about a week before his death, he had had another drawn, which he, fortunately for me, had not signed. By it he had left that notable estate to none other than young Mr. Ralph Carstack, the doctor who had been attend ing him ever since he settled in the neigh bourhood. " He is a sharp, koowiog fellow, that," said the lawyer, " and acquired great in fluence over your uncle. I am only sur prised that he did not take care to see that the will was executed I drew both the documents and have them in my possession, and I was daily expecting to be summoned to the old gentleman with his second one, that he might sign it. It is strange how people change their minds. Four years ago, when he was first ill, your uncle waa keenly anxious that you should have the property—made you his executor with me —told me he regretted having availed him' himself of the legal inaccuracy, which gave it to him instead of to you. Then this young doctor got hold of him, mesmerised him, as one may say, I suppose, for a while, and induced him to alter the disposition of his wealth; and yet the old man could not make up his mind to dispossess you. Any way, you have nothing to thank the doctor for—nor he, you, for the matter of that —there will be no love lost between you." " No, indeed," I exclaimed, and then I recounted to the solicitor my experiences of the Carstack family. "Yes," he said, "it is very odd, certainly, that you, going there as the lodger, should actually, while under their roof, be transferred into the ground landlord of the whole estate." " Well," I said, «I think I shall move my traps. The sooner I get away the bet'er now, remembering what Mrs. Raphael Carstack said ; for, letting alone the shooting episode, I could not have more tho roughly incurred the doctor's animosity than by cutting him out of the property." Perhaps it would be as well," said the lawyer, " for, to tell you the truth, neither father nor son is quite beyond suspicion. The elder man originally lived in a very low part of the town, and came there no one exact!y"knows when or why. There is a rumour that at one time in his life he was kept in retirement for his country's good, and although his son is fully qualified to practice, it is said that, as a medical student in London, he was connected with some professor of mesmerism and spirit-rapping, a charlatan who had to make himself scarce. I should never be astonished to hear that this fellow has to do the same some day. He has little or no practice—seems to be very needy, and I have heard that he and his father took these two adjoining houses in Chester Terrace with the idea of establishing a sort of mesmeric hospital, or something of that kind. The bed you mention, probably, is som scheme in that direction." "What does he certify that my uncle died of ?" I asked significantly. Angina pectoris j but I believe that's all straight enough. It would have been Carstack's policy to have kept him alive as long as he could, or until that second will was signed." * * * * * * Further consideration determined me, now that money was no object, to move to one of the hotels ; but the three b u st were quite full, owing to the influx of visitors and Volunteers for the review. Four other attempts to get into second-class inns failed for the same reason. Then I laughed at my weakness, What had I to fear at Chester Terrace? Being there, there I should stay till the review was over, My co-executor the lawyei and I dined to gether that night. We decided that I should say nothing to the Carstacks on the curious way in which fate had mixed the young doctor up with my affairs. I would wait and see if they took any notice of it. The father let me in, handed me a chamber candle with his usual politeness, but made no reference to the matter, and I finally went to bek, sleeping fairly well. But tho following night—the Good Friday Eve— matters came to a climax indeed. Nothing particular occurred at the distribution of prizes, which took place in the afternoon. I received mine fr»m the hands of tho Mayoress of Goldchester, and brought it home. Mr. Raphael Carstack did not 6how up, and bis father told me apologetically that he had a patient to see at a great distance, and probably would not return homo till the morrow. The fellow o-tentatiously inspected and admired the goblet, eyed the purse cunningly, and congratulated me. Naturally I liked him less and less the more I saw of him, and now that bed-time had again come round, I had a greater distaste than ever for my situation. But for the lateness of the hour, I really think I would have gone out and hired a bed at any common public house. But I must pass over the conflict of feeling with which, about midnight, I lay down for the last time on that bed that coald not be moved. The silence in the house and neighbourhood was entirely undisturbed. The moonlight shone dimly through the helf-curtained window. I was tired, and all but my troubled, misgiving spirit seemed propitious for sleep, and to sleep I went in time, How much of what followed was dream, and how much reality—except the end, which was real enough, Heaven knows!— it is impossible to determine. But here is my experience. As had occurred two nights before, it seemed to me that the farther and son were on either side of the bed, bending over me, but always with my own father's face in each case; but not, as previously, creating any diVress in my mind. Their presence rather had a soothing effect now than otherwise j so soothing that, after a while, I dreamed that thry were sending me to sleep; and I know no more of how loug I so remained, or what happened in the interval, until—well, until I found myself plunged into the ice-cold water of the river at the foot of the gar den, shimming for d-ar life to the bank ! I am no psychologist, and do not pre tend to explain what mental condition I had passed into ; but the end of that condition, whatever it was, is simply that I was aroused from it by finding myself in the midst of the deep, flowing river, the fall moon shiuing bright and high above my head, glittering on the water and re vealing all objects as clear as day. Fortunately, I am a good swimmer: otherwise I mast have been drowned. As it was, after the plunge—how taken I know not—I came to the surface wide awake enough, as may be supposed, and, before I had time almost to be surprised, was standing safe on the shore in my night-dress. Then such a turmoil of amazement, incredulity, and breathless wonder, not unmingled with terror, took possession of me that, for many minutes, I could only lean, panting, against a tree. Ere I bad in the least steadied my mind, the two Carstacks stood beside me with outstretched hands, proffers of assistance, and wild expressions of surprise and horror. "Good heavens, sir," they cried simultaneously, " what has happened ? You must have been walking in your sleep !" I could not answer, and the elder continued : " We heard your door open ; my son had just returned, and we were sitting talking. We heard your door open, I say, and your footsteps going downstairs ; we heard you unlock the back door and go out; and when you did not come back after several minutes, we thought it so strange that we both came out to look for you, and then we suddenly saw you standing here! What can it mean 1 Pray come indoors. Let us help you." Still bewildered, but gradually recover 1 ing somewhat of my presence of mind, I hurried with them back tu tho house, into the landlord's front room, where there was a fire. ^Nothing could bo more solicitous than their behaviour. Tia' young doctor give me some brandy, and they both actively helped to dry and reclothe me. It would be impossible to recount in detail a tenth part of what was said on either hand. Such a conflict of astonishment, and solicitude, and attempts at explanation went on in wild and disjointed expressions, that I suppose two hours passed before I went upstairs again j the outcome being that (here seemed no way of accounting for what had happened save the original one offered, namely, that I had been walking in my sleep. This I doubted from the first. I had never done such a thing before —knew perfectly well I had never been subject to somnambulism. Once again alone in my rooms, .an ixamination of them threw no light on tho matter. The bed merely looked as it would when one leaves it after a restless sleep, and the lockless side-door into the next house remained firm shut. The prize purse, however, with its twenty sovereigns, which I had placed in my trousers-pocket, had disappeared ! The garment had been brought to me when dressing below stairs, and the money might have fallen out there. But I was too shaken aud fatigued to distress myself further then, so I dropped into the easy chair in the sitting-room. •The spring dawn soon began to break— all was perfectly still once more, and I was beginning to doze, when ihe very faintest sound of a footstep on the landing aroused me. The door opened, and Mrs. Raphael entered, more scared aud fear- stricken than ever. " I cannot see murder done," she whispered hurriedly, as she came tip-toe towards me. " Leave this house. He made you do what he wished. I have heard him boast of such things. He made you walk of your own accord into the river, hoping you would drown. They little thought I was watching. I dare not stop to explain if I could. They might hear me, and would then serve me the same—, they will make away with me some day, I know. Promise not to let out what I say; only don't trust that bed again, and don't speak of me. Promise to be silent." I vainly tried to detain her as she then flew lrom the room, and I heard her, a few minutes later, lighting the fire down in the kitchen, with an ostentation of noise. It was just as I had suspected, then ! The extraordinary condition which had overtaken me was due to some mj'sterious trickery connected with that bed—some magneto-electric hanky-panky in which this young doctor might have become an adept through his former association with that spirit-rapping impostor spoken of by the lawyer. That was my conclusion ss soon as I had time to pull my wits together. What the precise nature of the process was, no one, probably, could say. No, not for the sake of the poor woman, would I enquire too curiously—at least not for the present. Equally for her sake I had abstained from asking Carstack about the bed previously. No! I would quit the house forthwith, but without, if possible, arousing suspicion, and, if possible, without encountering these two villains again. Therefore, I employed the next hour in quietly packing my knapsack and bag, &c.; At 7 o'clock I went downstairs, feeling sure that the men would bo asleep, and calling quietly to Mrs. Raphael, said : I am going out, but shall be back to breakfast at 10." Then I hurried away, fully accoutred, and reached my friend tho lawyer's before he was up. An explanation followed, and we decided to send one of his clerks to pay what I owed in Chester Terrace, and to say that I was unexpectedly prevented from returning. Thus I passed the Good Friday, aud, considering all things, settled to give up the review and return home on tho Saturday, aud did so. My changed fortunes, implied a changed life, involving much business. Whatever views I might have formed for ultimately looking further into my mysterious experience, and, if possible, of punishing the culprits, were never carried out, for the simple reason that, within a fortnight, letters from my solicitor contained the following information : Your friends, the Carstacks, are in trouble. The wife of the younger was yesterday morning found dead in her bed, and there is BO much mystery, I am told, about tbe cause of her death, that father and 60u lie under grave suspicion." Later on the following came to hand :— " The inquest has failed to solve the mystery, All the doctors could say was that death had arisen from failure of the heart's acticn, though how caused there was no evidence to sbow, A verdict to that effect, therefore, was returned. But that thr re was foul play somehow may be inferred from the fact that the two Caretacks have bolted. One does not know exactly yet what is going to be done with their belongings. Meanwhile, an examination of the two bouses has led to the discovery of an electric battery of great power placed directly beneath your remarkable bed, and connected with it: whilst wires from it were conducted to another bed in the doctor's house exactly similar to yours, and on which the poor woman was found. I am not scientific, and do not pretend to explain the working of such mysterious forces ; but these discoveries have been sufficient to induce the authorities to issue warrants for the apprehension of both men, on the charge of contriving the death of young Sirs. Caratacks." They were never caught—never heard of again at Goldchester. This was in 1864. Last year I paid a visit to the States, and in a prosperous new town, far away iu the "West, a doctor had established himself who professed to effect wondrous cures by electricity and mesmerism. A pamphlet issued by him on the quack-doctor pattern, fell into my hand. In it I read, amidst a mass of impudent verbiage, his argument to the effect that, as electricity was a marvellous agent in curing hysteria, epileptic fits, &c.;, so could it be turned to useful account as a great mesmeric curative agent, on the principle of like curing like. He urged that soothing, beneficial trances could be produced by the pitient reclining on a certain bed which he had patented, and through which galvanism could be applied after the manner in which electric baths are given. Need it be said that these words struck me ? I took a look at his establishment, and found that it called itself " The Mesmeric Hospital," conducted by Dr. Gableton. But as strange coincidences seemed destined to be associated with this matter to the last, I happened, whilst gazing at the house from the opposite 6ide of the street, to observe a middle-aged man come out, in whom I had no difficulty in recognising, despite the lapse of more than twenty years, Mr. Raphael Carstack. He did not see me, and, as I was only passing through the place, I did not think it my business to trouble myself with him pr his doings. But the fact makes a significant end to my story, which, perhaps, would not have been written but for it. 