"HEBE A LITTLE, ANI> THERE A LITTLE." By the Kev. Donald Fraser, D.D. Hore a little, and there a littlo."-ISAiAH xxviii., lOtl ^RmVlSth verses,1 v - ?? . ? .? ? '*..'.'>-.¡/.i ? .? ? ? We take this "text" because it seems to us tc express with? extraordinary conciseness a prin ciple in God's procedure, and in His ways towards '/.an, which deserves our careful-thought, and »ught to call iorth our admiration and our grati tude, î Have you considered, carefully, thc manner of God's revelation o£ His will to His people in the olden time, with what marvellous . patience "and consideration it was conducted? The will of God was not flashed, as in a moment, apon "the minds of His people, "but unfolded by degrees as they were able to receive it; / ' Now I desire to go on to show that this is a principle of God all through His works, and all through His training of His people. Shallow; minds are apt to think much more of bold and rapid effects j but those who have observed most * widely, and reflected most deeply, know that omnipotence works slowly. It is the thought of a child or of an ignorant person that omnipotence , must work in a moment, because it is omnipo tence and there is no difficulty, On the contrary, it is impotence that is in a hurry. . Omnipotence .works. slowly; deliberately, and rwith a, .quite Marvellous patience in . the combining of ¡many influences and many activities toward a deter <$£ued result. < , t j.. A LESSON FROM, THIS EARTH "' on which we dwell. The earth on whioh we dwe.ll was ; not built.;. up ; suddenly. Oh| how . 'different',!? the fact! ; In its history, as expressed in the record's that science can trace and decipher on its caves and its sea shores, there have been some sudden changes, but, far more generally, long, long processes, small in detail, but working *«ut immense effects. Landa, slowly sunk beneath the] water, slowly rose again. Ice patiently rounded off .pur mountains and shaped our valleys. Great strata. slowly formed themselves -^deposited themselves-grain by grain, during prodigious periods of time. Innumerable plants and trees flourished and died, and, after death, prepared-how deliberately-those vast coal measures that make BO much of England's pros perity, j. Innumerable tiny creatures worked in the bosom ,of the sea, and their shells built up lour, chalky; cliffs and downs, these shells them selves, being 'first built up by small crystals of carbonate of limo. By ancient fires, by patient processes, by evaporation and condensation, «.vere formeu the solid rocks. By erosion and decomposition came fertile soils ; and various influences of heat and cold, of light and gloom, .of accretion and dispersion, of evolution and vibration, combined in ways which men are jupw but faintly beginning to conceive, but whioh were all known to tho Creator, and were ail designed, and pert'eotly controlled and governed by him, to make up this old, yet hot finished, ever changing, ever ripening, earth. Look at THAT LITTLE WORLD OF MAN. How is a man built ? Of body, and mind, and heart, and character. Is it hot by little and ( little the frame grows from its first beginning ? l'Take( him after birth. See how he grows by repetitions of natural processes-constant repetitions. A little sleep, a little food, a little .exercise., And again, a little sleep, and soon, In your little child-your little man-there are no; great strides. If there carno a great stride, . you. would; Bay, " There is something wrong, and tho child will die. The >boy has grown too much in a year." There are nb ; great strides of increase in healthy ' growth-a little more height, a little more i breadth, a little more strength, a wonderful 'stretching of tho tissues and hardening of the bones. Here and there'ami all over he has grown gradually until the child becomes a man strone \- «id matur* WelL. . * BO GROWS' Hts'vMÍND by observation, by comparison of objecta, h] comparison of objects near him, by asking questions. Foolish, people stop children wher they ask questions, and , say,* " You musí net ask questions," This is a foolish thing t< say to a child. The child is to grow bj asking questions, and, when the answers are for gotten, then asking the ? questions again, and by and-by laying up that answer. So much made. Then be is trying little experiments, then larger ones ; failing in the experiment, learning to do it better,' then learning ta little lesson in a" book, then repeating it. What a thing it is to teach a child the letters, and to teach a child to read. "What a business, little by-little, repeating over and over and. over again. . Most necessary. Eead a little bit to-day, and read the. same over to-morrow, and a little more. Line upon line, you see. Then attempt another - subject. Now you may goto school. You may have books. An nour for reading.. That is enough. Now you will have an hour for writing, and an .hour for count ing... " Here a little,, and there a little." Gradu ally the mind goes ón;"'ahd,pursuing that simple course, thèlïMioy. tacómes^ íin , due rtime,t.{ajn ía^Mjmplished íiánd ieduoàtedman. Jíqw, jthen, raise the subject a little. Take the question of i : . . MOBAIi- CULTUBE.( Taking men on the average, you will find that ripe, moral power, including both the;discernment of* right and the will to do it; is a thing -that requires-long and various discipline.^ To shake off the blinding influence of -passion-to hate evil when it offers advantage as much as when it offers risk- to be always, in all places, toward all men, fair, and just, and true, and: upright-^that is not acquired in a day. Those who attain to it have to go > through struggles and inward wrestlingsnot a few-have to check ; themselves, to analyse themselves, to examine their motives, to,,, correct -their. -? ? mistakes, to learn ' many a.: lesson -, painfully, and learn it again, take a hint here, accept an admonition there, until at last they gain habits which can never be gained in a moment. They gain habits of self control, and integrity becomes inseparable from their life. Y There is no real moral;strengtH till that is reàohed-till integrity is wroúghiintií-the character so that it cannot be taken outfox it. And if it be so. with moral progress, iBit no£aíso so with what we call .-. ^ ^ SPIBITUAL - ADVANCEMENT ? ' There are those who have the idea, through ou; speaking so much on the contrast between naturi and grace, that grace always comes in anuhna tural way, and that the highest qualities you ar< to get you can get by praying enough for them and they will be sent down ready made into youl mind from Heaven. Now, there is no such thing my dear friends. Kcal spiritual qualities ar< given from Heaven, but they are givenupon th« same principle upon which. God gives mora strength, and upon which He even gives physica strength to His people. How is . a. Christiai made? That is the question. How is he madel How is he taught? How is he nourished ? Hov is he advanced in grace and holiness P I saypb a process to which these words before me-"her< a , little, and there a little "-may be very wei. applied. Let us just ßtndy this a little. Andi tc be the clearer I will put . ' FOUR QUESTIONS. First, how does a Christian receive the truth .bj the faith of which he is purified? Second how .does a Christian get rid of in-dwelling sin í Third,! how does a Christian learn wisdom anc sobriety of mind? And, lastly, which suma up indeed; these former questions, how does a Chris tian gain actual likeness to JeBUs Christ ? I wil answer these questions briefly. 1\. How does a Christian receive the trutl through the faith of whichhe is purified? Anc I answer not by one lesson, but by many lessons, . BE SEES HIS;8IN. . ' . He will never see much to profit till he sees hie sin. One told me that after he had seen every thing, in the word of God, and was taken for a Christian, he suddenly saw his own sin as he had never seen it before, and for weeks afterward he never could see anything but his sin ; and a terrible time lie had. He said, " I could justVgo down upon my knees and cry, * O God, my"sin, my sin, my Bin, my sinl , I see,nothing but my sin-the horrid blackness of my sin.' " it seemed to cover all his eyes. My deaf friends,' Ï do not say that: everyone must, in orderj.to be a Chris tian, have so deep a conviction of sin, but a man must be convinced of sin by the Holy Ghost. And though there are some who by, as'it were, a sudden Btroke fall into a deep!conviction of sin, yet I do not think that any of us is convinced of sin all in a moment. When you are convinced of your sin then you are led to reflect more and more, and the conviction is deepened, and many things are brought to your remembrance to show you your sin which before had passed away from your mind without effect. Tho Spirit of tho Lord shows you THE WAY OF PARDON and peace through the blood of Jesus crucified for your sin; By-and-by you see that more clearly. You get a glimpse ; you got another glimpse j you get a longer look ; you get a steadier vision of Christ crucified. Then you begin to I perceive more of tho beauty and all-sufficiency of the living Christ who was dead for you. You see j it more clearly as you go on in the Christian life. More and more are you engrossed with your Saviour. Then the way of holiness is shown to you in the footsteps of Christ, and you follow in the way of holiness. Jeaus says, " Follow me j" and you seek to follow him. That is going on in holiness ; but you blunder-blunder sadly. Then j you got restoration, and you get a precept through your very blunder-"precept upon precopt." You get a deeper insight into your own weak ness, and you learn to lean more upon the grace of His Holy Spirit. Farther truth is shown to you, and you rejoice in'.'the farther truth j and you aro sanctified thereby. So you grow in grace and in the, knowledge of the Lord JesvtB Christ. And for my own part I am very much disposed to think that hardly any Christian man gets all his knowledge in one way, or at ono place, or under .one.Äud thé same huinap, teaóhei^a sermon., here and a sermon there j not that people should wan der about" to sermons j but so it is.-"God-meets one here, andr then ^Ho meets I him in another place.. j He;gives him another* ¡help. \\->One'is convinced under one Oman's-ministry, {ahd he' is really converted under another, and- he is helped on by quite a third. A sen tence -in .-a ^lotter does ono ,moro good than í íall '' the sermons : that ' everhe heard. A! hint in conversation" leadshim on a little here;" You know it yourselves, if you haye a Christian life and . experience. You know what I mean. You know how variously you wore helped -a little here-a little there-as God saw best. ". ? :?? '-' i' 2\. I will put another' question : How 'does Christian . ' ," ' GET RID OF lN-í)W¿kiMNO-4BIN-? ' My answer again-is, by little and little.' ThJ was the promise,to the Redeemed nation Israel; i Deuteronomy : " Jehovah thy Cod will put oi those nations before thee by little and little/' , £ it* is with1 the redeemed- people now j -it is; tl Lord who drives "but the Canaanites from yoi heart. ^Nb'-.* powers less 'than. Jehovah's pow can do it; but he will- not do it while ye are Bleeping".* You must' be awake. ' He -wi do -itrthrough your ' resolution j, and he ,wi dp*1ib'by ndegreea-a little help here/ and little success "there.1 The course of the;J>war" not at all uniform.' . There isv not " a* steady, tu broken advantage on the side of righceousnes with a constant ' weakening and defeat *of; sL The warfare is much checkered ; but : the Loi gives recovery and deliverance from evil, and,i will preserve his people unto the end. - He . wi drive out before your face fcul thoughts,. ev desires, and all things that defile, and you sha be held and without blemish;' - ^; ' ' - <,'-ii, 0 3. A third question : How is it that ChriBtiai ' LEARN ¡PRAOTICAII .AVÍSDOM and sobriety of mind, BO much needed in th intoxicating world ? Not at a bound. It is n< a miraculous infusion into him of another-min than his own. It is his own mind that must t made wise j and a man can never be made -wi» 1 think, but by repeated exposures of his folly here ' a little stroke of censure} and : thèx a little encouragement pr reward' of dil cretioni By ' reproof,1 by sorrow, by ; dil cipline, by all " the : minute lessons ths are contained under that large, rich word " GI perience," do.men teach the higher" and tb highest wisdom. ; Well, but you may say to mi is it hot in the Scripture, " If a mah lacks wisdon let him ask it from'God, who gives to all me liberally" ? . Certainly, and we are to get wisdoi by asking' it from. God¿ f But God'gives it upo this ' which; is His. gíí&et; principle, of worl ing-- this principle"'" pf ' deliberation. He doc not put it into yoüy ÄS werè a foreig substance ; poured into you. . He makes it, you own! yHe gives it you so as to work it into you mind,' so that you cannot lose it again, your ow: whidom, ; wrought; into your character throug' your experience, so that it is you who are wise. 41,How doesi:a;Christian gain V : LIKENESS TO JESUS CHRIST ? ^ T That is the great question ' of'questions : Ho* does a Christian get to be "made like JesuB Chr ist By" little and little! ' Have you seen a portrai painter at work? After the great outlines pf th pioture are placed upon the canvas, have yoi noticed how gradually and how minutely ho pro dupes.the required likeness? A touch of thi brush here, and then a pause. Then he looks a it, and looks at it j and then another touch, an( another. At another, place a gentle touch, i little deepening here, and a little lighten im there ; and so by countless (and, to an unskilled observer, it "might seem uncombined) applioa tions of the brush, the likeness at last is per feoted. There is something analogous to that ii the "production , of the likeness pf Christ on Hil people's hearts and characters by the divine skil and patience of the Holy. Ghost. It is nol done aa',* '.'with , ' a' phbtographlc Budden ness. T/íe"r¿ is à progressive assimilation oi the ChriBtiànto Christ,^ by line upon line, toucl upon touch,',r hérè a little, and there a little." You go into a portrait painter's studio. You wil] sometimes find a number of > half-finished por traits., ¡-They; are.miserable, things to rlook at, Who can thi3 be ? For whom can this be in tended ? You cannot make out. No, but the painter can tell how from that raw and. inex pressive commencement to make a perfect"work. And so I will say that Christians in their present state pf progress are but poor objects to look at. Nothing to boast of, a good deal to be ashamed pf. You can hardly discern in such Christians as we are the real lineaments of Jesus Christ. -And all Christians who search and try themselves" say, " Is it possible that I should ever be like Jesus Christ P. How can it be done? " But tho Spirit of the Lord knows how to perfect that which ' concerns us-how to correct our errors, reduce our excesses, develop our energies, mould our dispositions, and by a pressure here and a firm stroke there-by touches of His divine grace ever BO various, ever so delicate-patiently con form oven the dullest and the roughest of us all to the image of the Son of God. 