I SPUltGrEON*~AND THE BAPTIST UNION. . Some 'excitement haa been caused in the reli gious world, and particularly among the Baptists, by a cablegram received from London, notifying that the Eev. C. H. Spurgeon has determined to withdraw from the Baptist Union in conpequence I of a divergence of views upon doctrinal questions. i He believes in the doctrines of the atonement bf Christ, the personality of the Holy Ghost, salvation by faith, and eternal punishment, which, it is said, some members of the union decry. This announcement has been thus explained by the Rev. Allan W. Webb, of tho Albert St. Baptist Church, Melbourne: Mr. Spurgeon recently, in a magazine published and edited by himself, the SWORD AND THE TROWEL, has written a series of artioles whioh ho calls " On the Down Grade," and inwhioh he endeavors to show that the tendenoy of the Nonconformists of the prê tent day ÍH to depart from the tenets of the Evan gelical religion, and aooept tho broad teaohing of Congregationalists. Among the Baptists there are a few who manifest the same tendenoy, who deny the vicariousness of Christ's punishment, belief in eternal ? ,puBishment, and the personality of tho Holy Spirit.' But on this point Dr. Trostrail, an eminent English authority, says that he could count these men who have departed from the original bolief on his fingers. My impression is something like this. Tho meetings of the Baptist Union are being held at this time in Sheffield ; and I expeot that Mr. Spurgeon has sought to-havo some emphatic pronunciation on the part of tho union whioh would exclude theBe few men. In alLnrobability this haa been refused ; the union deolining-to become rigid in its rules in order to satisfy Mr. Spurgeon. So he has withdrawn from it. The Baptiste are, aa a whole, true to the Evan gelical sentiments; But the distinction between Calvinism and Armenianism has been shaded down BO as to ba hardly perceptible. Mr. Spurgeon, has several times written in his usual forcible manner in denun ciation of the " broad school of dissent and it is said that the probable outcome of his recent action will be the formation of a new denomination. In that case he would have many followers, for it is said that quite one-third of the Baptist ministers of England and Wales have been trained in his college, and would naturally throw in their lot with him. . , 