The Chatterer. — The sage sudieth amusements, and the simple laugheth in his studies. Martin F. Tupper THE COW IN THE STREET May be classed amongst the nuisances of Bathurst— and not a standing nuisance either. Just the opposite rather, for it is when she is lying down or in full motion that she is in proper character. Lying down she forms a trap to unseat the equestrian whose duties or pleasures or vices have kept him out in the street after night-fall ; or she serves the purpose of a ghost to curdle the blood of weak women and girls who stumble upon her unawares. In full motion she is even a bigger nuisance, entering flower gardens the gates of which have been left open by the butcher-boy, or frightening people who cannot see poetry in her horns or philosophy in her tail. Twice recently I have seen Iadies in danger in one of the principal streets through cows, when being driven (the cows, not the ladies) along the thoroughfare. In one case the lady had a little child with her, and it was only by a speedy run and 'dodge' behind a friendly telegraph post (one of those iron lattice things new in use) that she escaped being impaled if not gored. Of course the animal was only a 'quiet milking cow,' but one had only to see her movements when chasing this fleet-footed lady to be convinced that it is not beyond even a quiet milking cow's inclination or power to injure a 'human,' and that a lady with a child in her arms is no more sacred in her eyes than the mangiest dog that ever scratched himself. The cow was being driven through the street in the after- noon, at an hour when ladies and children are generally seen herein. Had this lady been killed or injured the whole city would have raised its voice against the practice, voices of the owners of town cows being heard amongst the others. But is it not possible to put a stop to the practice before any human limb is broken or human life destroyed ? We have an Inspector of Nuisances, but I cannot say if he has power to exercise authority in this direction, although at one time I know that a by-law was in existence prohibiting cattle being driven through the town between certain hours of the day. If that law has not been abrogated it ought certainly to be enforced just now; and if it were, ladies and others would feel that the danger of being lifted over a fence by the skirts, or feeling the cold plunge of a cow's horns beneath their ribs was not so great. Horses and goats straying in the streets are bad enough, but the line ought to be drawn at cows who are not led by the person in charge and per- fectly under control. The City Fathers might give attention to this matter, seeing that no expenditure of the funds, which are at the present time so scarce, is involved. * * * A NOVELTY Comes from Queensland. I do not mean in the shape of a Judge who threatens to open the prison doors, and release the prisoners awaiting trial, if the Government does not allow him more than £400 a year travel ling expenses. Not that, although that is one of the biggest novelties that Queens- land, or any other colony, could produce; but another. A Toowomba paper says : — A person who does not wish his name or his residence to be known, is so impressed with the idea that the training of the young women of the present day is not such as to fit thern for the position of .good house- wives and mothers, is willing to give two prizes — first prize, £50 ; second prize, £25 — to be competed for by the young women of tho Darling Downs district. The qualifi- cations are as follows: — 1. Age from 15 to 21\. 2. Figure strong, well-grown, healthy, with good carriage. 3. To be able to read English well aloud, to write a decent letter according to grammatical rules, and per- form on some musical instrument, or sing moderately well. 4. To be able to cut out and make their own dresses and underclothing — dress to be neat, no artificial means (such as pads, stool hoops, high-heeled boots, &c.; &c;) will be allowed. 5. To be able to cook a good meal, and also prepare food for a sick room. 6. A thorough knowledge of all household duties (and likely to establish her own home in after life). The money will be lodged in a bank to the credit of the Hon. W. H. Groom and tho Police Magis trate of Toowoomba, and the awarding will be done by two ladies and two gentlemen to be named by the donor at Toowoomba on or about the 12th day of August, 1887. Intending competitors will send in their names to the .Police Magistrate of Too- woomba, on or before tho 30th day of June, 1887, who will keep the same strictly pri- vate until handed to the awarding commit- tee. What do tho Committee of the Bathurst A., H., & P. Association think of this? It is a cut above giving a prize to the best-dressed ' lady' on tho ground, for intellect and ability are brought into requi- sitlon as well as 'figure.' If the Society offers the prizes, I am sure that Sub-In- spector Waters and Mr. J, W. Little would only be too happy to act as judges, while our genial friend W. 0. Greville, might be induced to do duty as umpire, in case the two experienced gentlemen named found any difficulty in arriving at a decision. * * * THE WRITING qualification included in the above is a good one, and I am pursanded that good would result if some of the gentlemen holding positions in the Civil Service of this colony were made to compete for a prize for legible writing. It is 'a notorious fact that their caligraphy is second only in clearness to that of the untutored savages who used to scrawl hieroglyphics upon the sandstone in the primitive age. Judged by their ability to write their names so that no person, evon with the aid of a magnifying glass, can read tho writing or understand what it means, they are undoubtedly very clever people; and the test in this case might serve to bring them down to the common level and thus make then of some use to the State from which they draw their salaries. And talking of good writing, here is a story from the Manning River district : — A certain young man being out of employment requested of a former em- ployor a letter of recommendation to aid him in securing a situation. Thw letter was written and handed to thw applicant, who was totally unable to read it, as was every other person to whom it was shown. A friend advised him to take it to a print ing office, where it would be deciphered, as compositors are noted for being able to make out the very worst specimens of chirography. It was given to the com- positors in various printing establishments, and in turn given up without being deciphered. At last. as a forlorn hope, it; was given to a chemist who makes a great many prescriptions, and who has the re- putation of being able to road anything. The man of drugs took tho scroll, gazod at it long and thoughtfully, and finally seized an empty bottle, and then made a raid around the shop, taking some fluid of various colours from sundry bottles, and finally shaking the compound vigorously ; then handing it to tho possessor of the letter of recommondation, he remarkod to that much astonished individual, ' Two shillings please, and a very good cough mixture it is.' * * * A MERCIFUL PROVISION I have often pitied the poor fellows whose lives are spent upon the engines of our mountain trains. Without protection from wind or rain, and no comfort of any kind, they have to do their important work in all weathers, during all hours, and say ' thank you' when anyone complains that the car- riages are not easy to ride in. How they have stood the strain is a mystery, and a greater mystery still is that they keep their temper, for everyone must know that with very few exceptions the firemen and drivers are a genial, good-tempered set of mon. I was very glad to see that they are to receive some consideration at last, and that in the new engines to be constructed provision is to be made for a 'cab' for their protection. It is only right that those who work so hard and run such risk in the public service should have provision made for their com- fort and safety when in the discharge of their hard and dangerous duties. 