JUST BEFORE THE BATTLE. Sir henrty Parkes' address at St. Leonards tliis erening may be regarded as tho firing of the first shot in the battle of the elections. Ever since the dramatic announcement of the dissolu- tion in tlio late House, preparations lor the conflict have occupied both camps. It is well that there will bo only two camps in this struggle. The Premier has raised tho standard of good govern ment and commercial freedom, and this has forced the Jennings-Dibbsitos and protectionists to organise themselves as ono body. It is impossible to absolutely avoid an entanglement . of issues in any general election, but tbe evil will undoubtedly bo minimised on tliis occasion. "Independent" can didates will be objects of derision. The control of pnblic affairs is to be either confirmed in tho hands of Sir Henry Parkes and his party or delibe rately placed in the hands of the Garvan party, with a view to openly and radically changing the fiscal policy under which New South Wales has attained the proud position she now holds in tliis group of British colonies. Never before have events im posed a more serious responsibility upon the electors. A year ago they were de frauded of their constitutional rights and privileges by a criminal conceal ment of a monstrous deficit. That was Dibbsism. Since then the electors have had to put up for months with that detest able compound which will be known in history as Jennings-Dibbsisin — a com pound of falsified pledges, of " sneaked in" concessions to agitators aud manufac turers, of tyranny over a minority, of contempt for the people, and of jobbery. And now that persistent attack both inside and outside the late House has wrecked tho conspiracy and brought about an appeal to the constituencies, we have tbe unholy spectacle of a number of tbe conspirators either throwing off the mask under which they treacherously effected their designs, or professing an intellectual conversion which in its sud denness is nothing less than miraculous. These followers of Jennings- Dibbsism have submitted to be whitewashed with protection, hoping that the very thin wash will deceive the people. But deception is really impossible. The treacheries and tyrannies of last year cannot he so easily blotted out of momory or hidden away from judgment. Their ghosts will not fail to appear on tlio hustings. And we confidently ex pect that many of those who trampled upon tho people's rights will' be trampled upon by the people in the coming hour of their power. Good government, honest capable go vernment, must be restored in New South Wales. It may be true — we think it is true — thai Sir Henry Parkes has not made the wisest choice of colleagues. It may liappen — we hope it will happen — that two of the country electorates will " drop " two members of tbe Ministry. But a blunder iu the choice of two or three colleagues on the part of the Premier is not a fatal fault in the . Government as a whole. . Sir Henry remains Sir Henry. He holds his position by general acclamation. The supremo political intellect is wanted in this timo of peril. Somehow and promptly the public finances must be grappled with masterfully. Amateurish experiments would be a doubly disastrous folly in this crisis. So far as good government is concerned the old Parliamentary hand . is in possession, and it is for the electors to say whether they will trust in his experience and ability, or call, say, Mr. Garvan to their assistance. They cannot havo Sir Henry and protection. The veteran will not sacrifice his fiscal principle for the highest of political offices in- the shame less way that many of tho Jennings Dibbsites have sacrificed their prin ciples for the sake of their scats, ond for the purpose of reorganising _ a discredited party upon a new basis. Parkes ond freetrade fall or triumph together. We have no doubt that when the battle has been fought out tho victory will bolong to them. But let tho electors see to it that it is a great and noble victory — a victory that will strike terror into tho hearts of unscrupulous politicians, and that will openly esta- blish commercial and industrial freedom upon the broad foundations of the people'3 will. 