grow and .gomtjn. MR. JOHN MORLEY AT THE COB DEN CLUB DINNER. (Times.) The annual dinner of the Cobden Club took place at the Ship Hotel, Greenwich, on Saturday evening (May 14). The members and guests were conveyed by special steamer from the House of Commons stairs. The Eight Hon. J. Morley, M.P., was in the chair, and the company included the Marquis of Ripon, the Right Hon. H. Fowler, M.P., Sir Wilfred Lawson, M.P., Sir U. Kay-Slmttle worth, M.P., Sir Julian Goldsmid, M.P., Sir T. H. Farrer, M. Yves Guyot (France), M. Ausjuste Couvreur, Sir George Campbell, M.P., Mr. Potter, M.P. (hon. secretary of the club), Sir J. Pope Hennessy, Mr. R. Gilfen, Sir S. Samuel (New South Wales), Sir R. Wisdom (New South Wales), Sir J. Garrick, Q. C. (Queensland), Sir Graham Berry (Vic toria), Sir R. Thorburn (Newfoundland), Mr. J. S. Dodds (Tasmania), Mr. J. A. Douglas (Tasmania), Mr. W. Newton (Mauritius), Mr. E. J. Hale (United States of America), the Hon. Dadabhai Naoroji (India), Herr F. C. Philippson (member of the Congress of German Economists), Dr. Karl Blind (Ger many), M. N. G. Pierson (Holland), M. R. Sehwarthenbach (Switzerland), M. V. M. Kurkdjian (Armenia), Hon. J. C. Silbebauer (Cape Colony), Mr. R. H. Jackson (Jamaica), Mr. W. Abraham, M.P., Mr. A. H. Dyke Acland, M P., Mr. Barbour, M.P., Mr. Barran, M.P., Mr. Jacob Bright, M.P., Mr. Broad hurst, M.P., Mr. Buchanan, M.P., Mr. Burt, M.P., Mr. Sydney Buxton, M.P., Mr. Carew, M.P., Mr. Colman, M.P., Mr. Cobb, M.P., Mr. Dodds, M.P., Mr. J. Ellis, M.P., Mr. Fenwick M.P., Mr. Firih, Mr. Hayne, M.P., Mr. Law son, M.P., Mr. Justin M'Carthy, M.P., Mr. J. Huntley M'Carthy, M.P., Mr. W. Maclean, M.P., Mr. Mason, M.P., Mr. T. P. O’Connor, M.P., Mr. Paulton, M.P., Mr. H. F. Pease, M.P., Captain Price, M.P., Mr. Priestly, M.P., Mr. John Roberts. M.P., Mr. Roe, M.P., Mr. E. Russell, M.P., Mr. Shaw, M.P., Mr. Watt, M.P., Mr. Crompton, Q.C., Mr. S. Pope, Q.C., Mr. Edmund lioutledge, Captain Verney, R. N., &c.; A number of ladies were also present including Mrs. Cobden Sickert and Miss Jane Cobden, daughters of the late Richard Cobden. The Chairman rose to propose the toast of the evening. He said,—My Lord, Ladies, and Gentlemen,—I now rise to propose what is at this annual banquet the chief toast of the evening, “ The Memory of Richard Cobden, and Prosperity to the Cobden Club.” (Cheers.) Gentlemen, it is 21 years ago since the first of these dinners was held, and I believe it was held in this room, and among those who were present then were the veteran chief of the old Liberal party, Lord Russell (cheers), the veteran chief who still survives, Mr. Gladstone (prolonged cheering), and there was also present there a great teacher of my own, and, I suppose, of most of you, Mr. Mill. (Hear, hear.) On that occasion Mr. Mill said :—“The bond which holds us together is not a political confession of faith, but a common allegiance to the spirit of im provement, which is a greater thing than the particular opinion of any politician.” Some fear has been expressed in a public print to day that I might abuse the honour you have conferred upon me in putting me in the chair to-night by using it for a party purpose of the hour. Ladies and gentlemen, that was never my intention, it is not my intention. (Hear, hear.) It is Haid that Mr. Cobden, if he had lived, would have been against people who think as I think on the Irish question. I do not believe thero is any more idle pastime in this world than speculating as to what the opinions of those who have gone before 11s would have been on the questions of the day. (Hear, hear.) I saw, indeed, that one very hard}'—I know not whether to call him a seer or a prophet—said the other day at Ayr that if Robert Burns had been alive to-day he would have been a dissentient Liberal. (Laughter.) I am not so bold ; I do not make so free with the ghosts of the illustrious dead. (Cheers.) I shrink from finding poli tical creeds in the shades of famous men who have gone. Each generation must find its own way through its own difficulties, and must form its own view as to the right solu tion of its own problems. (Hear, hear.) We cannot be suro what Mr. Cobden’s opinion would have been, but what we can be suro of is that we should imitate his political temper and his political methods. (Cheers.) Mr. Cobden was never frightened—and I am speaking in the presence, I am glad to think, of some of his own family (cheers)—he was never frightened out of a political conviction by the fact that an accidental Parliamentary majority was against him ; he never thought that he must be wrong because a particular general election had gone the other way. (Cheers.) In our difficulties, which to-day— as politicians of all schools on both sides must recognise—are very great and very serious, we can take example from Mr. Cobden’s energy in exploring facts, his firm ness in bringing the facts to a head, his per severing advocacy of what he believed to be a great and a patriotic cause, his union of vigour of purpose with moderation of temper, bis perfect, absolute, and undenied freedom from all the paltry and distorting elements of personality. (Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, above all we can imitate Mr. Cobden’s courage. Mr. Cobden did not quail—he did not quail even before the “ Times” newspaper. (Laughter and cheers.) This great journal accused Mr. Cobden and Mr. Bright of advo cating schemes for robbing the landlords and dividing up their property among the poor. Well, they repeated that accusation in two articles, and, as no answer was made, they felt themselves justified in accentuating and repeating it in a third article. That is not entirely inapposite—it bears somewhat—not too directly—upon the controversies of to day. Mr. Cobden wrote in reply to the editor of the “ Times,” whom he unmasked, and he said, “ Is it seriously contended that as often as you choose to pervert the sense of our speeches, and charge us with schemes of public robbery, the onus lies with ns to dis prove the imputation (cheers), and that, neglecting to do so, we have no right to complain if we are thenceforth treated as felons? To say that it is a foul libel, for which the publisher is amenable to law, were beside the question, because the object of calumny would scorn any other court of appeal than that of public opinion.” (Loud cheers.) On another occasion the Prime Minister of that day, Sir Robert Peel, the father of the present Speaker of the House of Commons, accused Mr. Cobden, in a moment of temporary excitement during the course of a debate, of using language which made him (Sir Robert Peel) a mark for assas sination. When the excitement of the moment bad subsided the Minister withdrew the imputation, but the great journal repeated the insinuation and perpetuated it. I will tell you what the “ Times” of that day thought it fitting and becoming and reason able to say of the man whose memory we are here to-night to honour. The “ Times” said : —We do not impute to Mr. Cobden an intent to murder (laughter), but we do impute, we cannot avoid imputing this—that with his eyes open, knowing fully the threatening consequences to Sir Robert Peel’s life of popular odium, with no other purpose than to increase his own credit and power with the most violent class of politicians, lie feels no scruple in recklessly and unceasingly labour ing to visit that odium, personally and indivi dually, on the Minister whose life has once already been attempted. And further, his movement in favour of Mr. Bailey, taken with all its circumstances, makes it difficult to avoid the suspicion that, though be has no intention to use the pistol himself, lie does not lind himself at liberty to affront those who have.” (Renewed laughter.) Gentlemen, I do not wish to press that allusion, I leave it to your own minds. I only wish to say this—and I am now going to make a remark or two which I am sure will give no offence to any one in this room, whatever his views may be on the Irish question—d do wisli to say this, that all we know is that Mr. Cobden, on his first appearance, f mean his pamphlet in the year 1835, singled out Ireland as one of the two or three greatest objects which any statesman could have in his view at that time, and remonstrated against the wicked absurdity of our engaging in all sorts of en tanglements for Italians, Greeks, Belgians, Poles, Spaniards, French Bourbons, &o.;, while we had a population ol oar own t'abow oiiizctis at our own door.-, in a condition more barbarous, more degraded, than at the moment marked any civilized population in the world. (Cheers.) Now, we have a right here to-night to justify Mr. Cobden’s fore sight, and I say his pamphlet of 1835 was published eight years before the Devon Com mission was issued to inquire into the condi tion of the land in Ireland ; and Mr. Cobden’s views were published to the world 35 years before any step was taken to raise Ireland from her condition of degradation and bar barism and justifiable lawlessness into which she had sunk. (Hear, hear.) Now, is it not exasperating to think that if the attention that our statesmen have given since the year 1835 to all sorts of foreign questions which concerned us very little or that concerned us not at all (hear, hear), if but one-tenth of that vigilance, that solicitude, had been given to Ireland that Mr. Cobden advised, we should not to-day have been beset with the problems that make up our embarrassment and our difficulty? (Cheers.) Well, I am not going to say any more upon the Irish question. (Hear, hear.) This club has now attained to years of legal discretion. As I have said the first dinner and opening meeting of the Cobden Club was held in the year 1866. That was the ove of the great Reform era. The night before that banquet was held Mr. Gladstone had made a speech in favour of Parliamentary Reform. It was a speech which made Mr. Mill, whose words I am always proud of quoting, say this—“ If there ever was a statesman in whom the spirit of improvement is incarnate, of whose career as a Minister the characteristic feature has been to seek out things which required or admitted of improvement instead of wait ing to be compelled or even solicited to do it, that honour belongs ts the late Chancellor of the Exchequer and leader of the House of Commons (Mr. Gladstone).” (Loud cheers.) Looking back upon these 21 years, as I say, your first meeting was held on the eve of the Reform era, and we now meet again upon the eve of the completion of the Parliamentary Reform era. And I venture to say that the era would have been very different from what it is, our hopes and expectations and our fears, if they exist, would have been very different to what they are but for the econo mic legislation and pacific principles of which Mr. Cobden was the first great apostle, and of which he was always the most impressive teacher. (Hear, hear.) The Government of England twenty-one years ago was an aristo cracy ; to-day it is a democracy. (Hear.) Now, such a system of government—-which has handed over full rights of citizenship to the whole mass of the people—is a govern ment that is full of danger unless you have taken measures to fill your people with con tentment, with something like a more* equal distribution of wealth. From these dangers Mr. Cobden’s policy has saved us. They will taunt you in all the leading articles on Mon day on the fact that we meet to have a more or less sumptuous repast, and to. listen to speeches commemorating the memory of this great teacher ; but they will tell you Europe is more full of armed men than ever it was before, Europe has higher protectionist tariffs than it ever had before, and they will ask what is the use of associating yourselves with a name which is connected with practical failure? I am not here for a moment to deny that the condition of Europe is bad enough and discouraging enough (hear, hear); but there is one thing which would have made it all very much worse, and that is that England should have imitated that militarism and protectionism. (Hear, hear.) The Cobden Club has done good service in resisting both those influences. If they had done nothing other, so far as one of these great questions is concerned, than causing to be printed and published the masterly and unanswerable treatise of my friend, Sir Thomas Farrer, on freo trade—considering what a good book is and how long it lasts, how deep its influences go—[ say that that alone would have justified the existence of the club. (Cheers.) I will venture to say one thing. I wish the clu'b were more active in protesting against little wars. A friend of mine said that in the days of old Rome there was a Temple of Janus, and whenever the Slate of Rome was at war the doors of the Temple of J anils were opened, and my friend wishes we had in Palace yard a little Temple of Janus (hear, hear), so that whenever a mem her of Parlia ment goes to the House of an afternoon he may look at the little temple and see whether the doors are open or .-.out. He is sure, and my e i-.m.ed - moimdic! it, that we should never find the doors shut. (Laughter). There is always som •. little war going on. I say that the club ought not to neglect them, hut to keep their eyes on these little wars in which we are too constantly engaged^ (Cheers.) Now, so far as the other question is concerned, it is in many respects more irn portant, though it strikes the imagination less —the question of tariffs. We have had a Royal Commission sitting for two or three years, and they have just issued a voluminous body of evidence, very carefully collected from all quarters of the globe, and very effectually collected. Our friends the pro tectionists and the fairtraders, who hate the Cobden Club, thought they would get a great deal of grist for their mill from the result of this Commission. But T venture to say that every man of fair mind, and who is reason ably competent to know the, difference be tween a good argument ami a had one, and between good evidence and bad, and who will -examine into that evidence, will inevitably come to the conclusion that the result of that Commission is the complete overthrow and the discomfiture of the whole army of pro tectionists and reciprocitarians, under what ever name they masquerade. We have here representatives from those young and thriving and strong colonics of ours who are not yet converted to our views. (Sir S. Samuel.— Some of them arc.) Yes, some, are I am glad to know, hut some are not. Upon the policy of the young colonists I am not now going to pronounce any opinion. I have it, hut I am not going to pronounce it ; it would be inhospitablo. (Laughter.) But I say no men, not even the representatives of colonies, who will go through the Blue- book and report will say for one instant that we at any rate in this old mother county can put on one more shred or rag of protectionist policy. (Cheers.) Well, there was a very interesting gathering of what 1 may call the rival club the other day held at the Hotel Mctropole. When I saw that the Fair Trade League, with the colonial celebrities and others, were going to attend, I confess that for the moment it spoiled my appetite for coming to Greenwich; but when we read the report of the proceed ings I think the effect of it was to sharpen our appetites very much. (Laughter.) We found the discordant voices were of the most extraordinary kind. One proposition, with which we were all very familiar, was that there should he a Zoilverein or Customs Union within the possessions of the British Crown, and that plausible suggestion has no doubt met with considerable acceptance from people who take phrases instead of going lo things. But a friend of mine, Sir Samuel Griffith, said that a Zoilverein within the possessions of the British Crown was quite impossible, and he did not think it desirable, for so many British possessions depended for their revenue upon British duties. Well, that was a rather considerable wet blanket. (Laugh ter.) I understand that Sir S. Griffith on this occasion went on to say that though he disap proved of thatCustoms Union as impracticable lie still thought that in any country desiring to establish a customs tarilf the duty should be higher for foreigners than for their own kith and kin—a preferential duty in favour of your own kith and kin. That sounded very nice. (Renewed laughter.) But the question for us, and the question for the colonies with such a tariff, is whether British goods arc to get in and compete with native goods or not. If they are, then the object of the tariff in the colonies will be defeated. If they are not, I do not see how we are to he benefited in having the preference, because we are their own kith and kin. (Hear, hoar.) That is the point—having put on a duty to protect native industry am they likely—why should they lower it to a point which would admit our goods? Depend upon it that is all moonshine. • I am speaking in the presence of gentlemen who know, and as a matter of fact 1 believe Sir Samuel Grillifh brought that, proposition forward next day at the Colonial Office, and the proposition met with uncommonly little; favour, and was practically extinguished. (A voice—-“That is not true.” 1 was told on very good authority that it was the true account of it. Another suggestion was that we should give the colonics exceptional ad vantages over foreigners. (“Absurd.”) In the minority report, of the Royal Commission on the Depression of Trado it was agreed that a slightly preferential treatment of colonial food products would be a, very desir able thing. (“Impossible.”) Then a. gentle man from Tasmania, whom I think we have the pleasure of seeing among us to-night, asked whether, if England put a slightly pre ferential treatment, on food from the colonies, would she not expect a little reciprocal action on tin' part of the colonies ? Lome gentleman at the meeting called out “No,” and Mr. Dodds, who is here to- night, said he was very glad to hoar that “No,” for it was impossible that the colonies should give us anything in the shape of a quid for our quo. I ain not going to weary you, but 1 will give you another authority. There was a fourth pro position. Mr. Selater-Booth, a gentleman whom Mr. Fowler and I know and respect very much, said he was not a protectionist, but still some very inlinitesimal tax, he thought, would he a very good thing. lie wanted some revision for our fiscal system, but did not want to raise price,s. Well, for a gentleman in the House of Commons, with a seat to keep, 1 think that was a very sensible line to take. But somebody at the meeting— who perhaps had not a seat to keep—when he said he did not want to raise prices, said, “ I do,” and that statement was received witli loud cheo>'ing. Now, I submit to you that it is not quite fair that men in Mr. Selater Booth’s position, men of authority and credit in the House of Commons, should in this way play fast and loose with phrases, should, in fact, use terms which they could not explain it tin'}' were called upon, and should lay down propositions about matters which it is perfectly clear that Ihey have never taken the trouble to think out. (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, [ would only add a word or two more as to the position which the club takes, and as to the position which the country expects it to take. Upon wars l have said what I have to say. 1 do not think we do enough here in protest ing against little wars, aggressions, and annexations. In the matter of tariffs I do think that we have a great work before us, because there is something very plausible— I have found it in my own constituency even, which is a good, and enlightened constituency (laughter)—I have found that even there there is some risk on account of the plausible fallacies of fair trade, which Sir Thomin Farm has blown out of the water to any one who will look into his book with fair mind. (Hear, hear.) I hope you will not abate your efforts one jot or tittle,. We have no ground to lose. On this matter—the condition of ihe commerce of the country—many hen1 have more authoritv to speak than T have. I confess I liud nothing in it which need cause dis quietude. There is undoubtedly depression. But there are many reassuring signs. The distribution of wealth—the distribution oi the full earnings of the country—is to-day what we should rail fairer, better, safer than it ever was. (Cheers.) As many of you know, the income tax assessments have gone up fiom tyji)S,()()0,()()() in bSoo to lMd 1,000,000 in 1885. But we must, not conceal from our selves that (here is a relative decline in the increase. The merease in income-tax assess ment during (he ten years 18o5 to 18tio was 28 per cent,.; the increase in the ten years from 18<;r, to 1875 was *14 per cent.; the increase in the te.n years from 1875 to 1885 was only 10 per cent. The coal production in millions of tons went up from 01,000,000 in 18;,5 to 100,000,000 in 1885. The, increase was OO per cent, in the first ten years ; it was onlv 21 per cent, for the Iasi ten years, and I might give you some other iigures all hear ing in the same direction. It is calculated from the economic facts and figures before us that the development of industry and in crease of wealth and income in the United Kingdom has been at a less rate in the last ten years than in either the two decennial periods preceding. Thc.ro has been a great positive increase, gentlemen—let ns not forget this—but there has been a great diminution in the rate of increase. On the other band, along with this movement has been going on another economic movement. While the rate of increase in the national earnings has been falling oft’ there has been a very curious change in the distribution of earnings. These arc the last figures 1 will trouble you with. In the years 1 <874-5 to 1884 5 the incomes between £201) and £1,000 per year have increased by 50 per cent., though the population has only increased by 10 per cent. Incomes over £5,000 a year have decreased by 10 per cent. You come to this as a general conclusion—that the lower the income the more rapid has been the rate of increase. (Hear, hear.) The Chancellor of the Exchequer the other day gave some figures which were very interesting ; they were very short, but they may have been lost, embedded as they were in live or six columns of figures, and they are interesting to all of us middle class. I will venture to trouble, you with them. Schedule I), as you know, is the schedule of incomes for trades ami professions. Mr. Gosehen told us there were just upon 400,000 persons contributing to the income-tax on incomes under £500 a year ; 32,000 with incomes over £500 and under £1,000 ; 19,000 which are over £1,000 and under £5,000 a year ; and 2,000 which are between £5,000 and £10,000 a year. There are 1,000 people lucky enough to have over £10,000, and 95 people—and quite enough (laughter)—who have over £50,000 a year. Well, gentlemen, you take these figures, and you take also into account the fact that, owing to the low price of food ami the necessaries of life, our working people, though their wages may not be all that they could desire, have greater purchasing power with those wages than the}' ever had before. (Cheers.) I say all these things give us reason to believe that our society is materially and economically sound. And it is sound materially and economically because of the policy of the statesman whose name we are here to com memorate. (Loud cheers.) What is the moral of all this? Why, the very moral that Richard Oobden in 1835 pressed in terms upon his countrymen :—-First of all, forswear intervention in the affairs of other people ; secondly, educate your own people, make them as skilful and industrious as you can ; thirdly, stick to free exchange ; fourthly, push your commerce with more energy, more enterprise, more flexibility, more adaptability, than you ever did before —it was by those means our commerce was built up, it is otdy by those means you will will keep it ; fifthly, watch your national ex penditure ; sixthly—make a present of this to my friend the Chancellor of the Exche quer—reduce your National Debt (cheers) ; seventhly, it is a Cobdenic precept to con ciliate Ireland. (Renewed cheers.) These are the terms upon which—as Mr. Cobden said in 1835, and as wo say now—these are the terms upon which, and upon which only, Great Britain will he able to hold her own in competition with the world. Such a policy was pressed upon the country in 1835 ; and that is the policy which the whole inarch of events since 1835 has more and more impressed upon our people. (Hear, hear.) Such a policy will be the, starting point from which to commence and to work out social reform. Such a policy will bo the basis from which to continue tin; successful attack which good people are now making, and which we must all endeavour to make more and more, upon the social evils and upon the misery and suffering which surround us. And such a policy is the only safe founda tion for the great fabric of the Imperial commonwealth to which we are all proud to belong. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, it is often said that Cobden was weak, and that we, who revere his memory and respect his truths, arc weak upon the side of not feeling the duties and calls of Empire. I do not believe for a moment that was a shortcoming of his. He had in his day to enforce a particular set of principles of great value and immense moment at the time. I do not believe that if he had lived now he would in the least degree have overlooked or dis credited the duties which the Empire 1ms laid upon us. When they tax us with falling short of the force and the spirit by which great Empires are maintained they do us less than justice. I believe as much as any man that no kingdom can hi; kept up without force, without spirit, and without energy. But along with force and spirit and energy you must have also sobriety and judgment. (Bond cheers.) And all that we in this club, and those of us who endeavour to press its policy in other fields—all we insist upon is that you shall not forget the conditions upon which your Empire rests, and that these con ditions will not be carried out by artificial or by forced opinions. (Cheers.) The solar system itself would go wreck if the planets were kept in their orbits by bands of adamant instead of by the law of invisible attraction. (Loud cheer's.) We of the Cobden Club arc as proud of what Englishmen do in every quarter of the globe as oven the Primrose League (laughter and cheers) ; and can we find ourselves here, at the gates of the sea, without reflecting that from this river there go forth great multitudes to carry our free ideas and our great literature all over the globe ? We do not forget it, and do not intend that the great process should ever for a moment cease. We are willing to do what we can in sobriety and wisdom to help it ; but we will do it all in the spirit of justice and moderation, and in the spirit of adapta tion of the means to the end. Gentlemen, I will detain you no more. I will give you the toast of “ The Memory of Itiehard Cobden and prosperity to the Cobden Club,” and I will couple it with the name of one who is well known to you here—a distin guished member of Parliament, who, unless I am much deceived, will rise to great dis tinction—the name of my friend Mr. Henry Fowler. (Loud cheers.) 