Tattersall's Club Autumn Meeting, SATURDAY AND MONDAY, AFRIL 9 AND 11. President: Mr. J. Callaghan. Vice-Presidents: Mr. W. Flynn and Mr. I. A. Phillips. Stewards: Messrs. B. Bentley, GL E. Cooper, W. Gooley, J. Greaves, E. N. Marks, I. A. Phillips. Judge: Mr. J. Callaghan. Starter: Mr. C. H. Holmes. Clerk of the Course: Mr. TT. H. Muggeridge. Secretary: Mr. Grahaiu Haygartli. FIEST DAY-^-SATUBDAY. After a couple of fine days, as fine days count this year--that is, after a couple of days during which something less than an inch of rain fell-Saturday morning broke cloudy and showery, to the grievous disappointment of every racing and sporting man in town, who had calculated, on the evidence of Friday night, on a clear day for the opening of the first of our big autumn meetings. But the day, after all, was better than its promise, for after eleven o'clock, or thereabouts, hardly any run fell on the course, though throughout the afternoon the charmed circle at Eagle Farm, with its own special bit of blue sky overhead, was surrounded by heavy banks of rain clouds, like a dark canvas wall, relieved now and again by a Rembrandt - like streak of prismatic light or fragment of rainbow athwart the curtain. The attendance was very poor in the morning, and did not increase much during the afternoon, though the volunteers were all arbed, or under their verandahs or umbrellas, and the auction eers' land swindles were not in active eruption till Easter Monday; but the weather neutralised these advantages, and the only consolation for the club was the reflection that no expenditure was necessary for watering the road to the course-a serious item, by the way, amounting to about £40 or «£50 sterling. The man at the gate, though the price paid for the privilege was a low one, cannot have made much by the day's takings-lam writing on Saturday night-and the booths can hardly have done very well. Those outside the enclosure, perhaps, better than the Grand Stand, where mine host of the Sovereign, his stately wife and charming daughters catered pensively, if not sadly, to a beggarly array of empty, or all but empty, benches in the dining-room, and served out claret and cham pagne with a fearful solemnity to all their mourning customers over the bar. The totalisator was admirably 'worked, as usual, by Mr. C. J". Harris, who administered a cutting and richly deserved rebuke to the Courier and Observer. reporters and editors, in the posters placed con spicuously on the lawn and outside the enclosure, and reading as under : TOTALISATOR. MARK, READ, AND MENTALLY DIGEST. Special Notice to the Sporting Contributors of the Courier, Observer, and Queenslander. Should any tickets be issued on scratched horses, they will be exchanged, or money returned without any percentage being deducted (see official rules), therefore the value of such tickets must be deducted from the total before calculating the dividend. We challenge honest criticism. C. J. HARRIS & CO. The public, who alwiays like fair play, fully en tered into the appeal for " honest and unbiased criticism" on the part of the "funerieal organ/* and appreciated the well-deserved censure thusgood humoredly administered to its intolerant and hostile "undertaker." The undertaker, however, didn't see so much humor in the thing as others did, land, as more than balf-a-dozen predicted in my hearing, went home and revenged himself on Messrs. Harris & Co. by writing, or causing to be written, for Wednesday's Courier, a maudlin and unhappily toned leader in which the animus against Mr. Harris was too thinly disguised under the veil of solicitude for the morals of "our poor boys," who, he whines, are being added to the tale of victims to our " national vice " of horse racing. Read between the lines, the meaning of the leader is, that in con sequence of Mr. Harris having snubbed and humi lated us-the B. Newspaper Co., Limited-in public, we recommend the subject to the attention of those members of Parliament who are desirous of effecting social reforms, and who trill help us in snuffing out Mr. Harris & Company. In only one instance were the dividends paid high, And that, was on Ascot, whose victory paid his backers-r-there were only five of them on the lawn side- JB32|for every sovereign invested, every other race being won by a more or less favorite. l/; (. The going was heavy and ^lipp6t,)fW"sbme places, but happily no serious accident happened, fof, though Ormond fell and unshipped his rider, Black lock, both were on their feet again almost before they were down, the horse galloping home after the others, and Blacklock tramping it home a qparter J of-a-mile. Racing began sotne: time aftfer the hour appointed with the Flying Handicap, which brought afield of eight (?) to the'trysting tr^e^Myjbov$y Wetherondale, ana Phoenix being the sciafchings. On paper, the chances of Ormond and Gloire de Dijon were the best, but, after hie Tenterfield Rouble last week, Mr. Bundpck's Sir John had ? niany admirers. Gloire de Dijon cut up very badly, show ing form utterly contradictory of his Glen Innes running, andf finishing nowhere in a very moderate field, under a very light weight, in a slow-run race, the mile-and-a-furlong taking thew.inner 2min 9£secs to compass; whilst the Toowoomba colt had finished within a couple of " heads" of Sloth, in the Dibbs Plate, at Glen Innes, 1 mile 1 furlong, in lmin 56fsees! La Grange carried 81b overweight, or 7st 4lb; and the Gyrapie mare, Stewardess, w;ho was obviously amiss, a like self- imposed penalty; Laurel II. declared 21b over weight. What with the obvious " stiffness" of more than one of the field ; the genuine inability to act in the heavy , going, on the part of the remainder, and the fall of Ormond, who seemed to me to have his race practically won at the time, no reliance must be placed on the result, as a guide to future running; for, on " the top of the ground/' more than one, exclusive of Mr. Finnie's horse, could have beaten the winner with out trouble. However, no one, except lowers by it, grudged Mr. Hogan the victory of his handsome little colt, who is well bred enough, from a studbook point of view, to win anywhere, being by Reugny out of Ascot, by Quinton, son of Kelpie. Fano ran well under the weight. Lord Headington won the Champagne, like the racehorse his looks proclaim him, though, at even weights, Mr. Bundock's Elcho, who was giving away 161b, and ran a great horse, would have beaten him, wet or dry, good or heavy going.. Sir Anthony dis appointed me, as did My Dream (My Love's half sister) ; but Touchstone I hardly expected to.fihow to advantage on such a day; and Eoee certainly did not run up to her Sapling Stakes form, which, by-the-wray, was probably all' wrong, as tjie future may show more clearly. The time for the 6 furlongs, lmin 24f sees, was a trifle better, furlong for furlong, than the City and Suburban record. The Hurdle Race arrangements were unique, three flights of hurdles loosely placed on the ground, within a couple of hundred yards of each Other, constituted the sole obstacles to a clear run of a mile on the flat, and to call such an affair a hurdle race was ridiculous. It was simply, to all intents and purposes, a welter handicap flat race. Under the circumstances, of course, Bachelor, tried a very fast horse in N.S. Wales, and handicapped at fist Icbb than Bo'sun, was bound to win; nothing, in fact having a chance with him, for, though lie is slow over his jumps, he could afford to lose a length or two at each flight of hurdles, for the long stretch of six-and-a-half furlongs, and "nary" jump enabled him, under his light weight, to gallop clem away from everything; moreover, the hurdles were not fixtures, toppling over at the lightest touch, and presenting really no obstacle worthy of being called a jutop^ a* it mattered little whether a horse cleared hie hurdle 6r not,-the fences would fall, not he, however heavily he might strike. Mr. Barker and Mr. Persse, owners of Bo'sun and Sharavogue, protested against the stakes being paid over, but the stewards, of course, confirmed the judge's decision, no other conclusion being possible, though the defective arrangements caused them more annoyance, perhaps, than anybody elsp, bar the losers. Whose the fault was I don't know, but it was probably caused by a change of hand*, who* i)ot used to the business, misunderstood the oidprg: given. Had the hurdles been properly fixed, arid placed as usual, there is little doubt Bo'sun would have won, for, after the chestnut had led the way and cleared the first flight, the others struck so heavily that if they had not given way the horses must have come down a cropper, when none,of them would have caught the leader again. \ 6 to 4 agpnsjb Yabba, 4, 5, and 6 to 1 against Miss Newbold^ Pirate, and Petronel, and 10 to 1 each aboiift £bve and M. w£re ^;«^rting^ne|g]^ tbe Ciry and Suburbfcn, for whibhMr. C! H. Holmes didk tiot get them well awaytill thja; fifth time of asking. B.Y. Was away from the post before any thing, but was quickly tpulled }&ck;,a%d'iMi88 Newbold and Phoenix took up the running, hot the filly fell back before half the distance had been travelled, and left Phoenix in command, a position (Continued on page 634). Tnrf Gossip. ( Continued from page 631.,) he maintained almost as far as the distance post on the home journey, where Yabba came up, followed by Wetherondale, and challenged Mr. Chappie's horse, the former drawing1 clear as they crossed the road and coming up the straight with a two-length lead. Meantime, Wetherondale had got on terms with Phosnix, and the twc Gympie horses came on neck and neck, stride for stride in pursuit of Jim Williams's colt; but the latter had the race virtually won, and only wanted shaking up a bit to maintain his lead, which he did to the end, winning a good race by about three lengths clear. The judge, unable to separate Phcenix and Wetherondale, gave it a " dead heat '' for second place. My Love was fourth, and the rest came in at long intervals. Time, 2min 49|secs. His Worship, tall and gaunt, with no muscle and scarcely any other tissues on his bones, stalked round the saddling paddock, before the Selling Plate, the ghost of his former self, and, though clearly unfit to race for sour apples, waB actually backed in some quarters, but though the quality of the field was moderate, his chance was hopeless, and he never flattered his admirers for a moment during the race, which was won cleverly by Wongongera, a neat little pony by Canterbury, with a fair turn of speed} Friday was a good second, and Ingleside's nephew, Newbold, third. The winner, entered to be sold for £30, was bought in for 70 guineas, which left £4310s. to be divided equally between the owner of Friday and the club, the owner of the winner actually losing w£3 10s. by his victory, for the Plate was worth only 40 SOTS and it cost him .£43 10s. to retain his horse. Of course, he may have backed him to win a nice little stake. Chucked into the Bracelet, as it turned out, at 9st 4lb, Bachelor had little difficulty; in defeating Ormond, who was conceding 3st and 3lb ; Laurel II., 10st 111b; and Roachy, 9stj but, had Laurel not slipped up, and lost fifty yards, at the spot where Ormond fell in the Flying Handicap, I fancy there would have b°en another tale to tell. Ormond, how over, ran a great horse on the heavy ground, under such an enormous weight. And so ended the first day's racing. 