The Endustbial Exhibition in the Town Park, formally opened by the Hon. N. J. Brown, Minister of Lands and Works, on Wednesday, 15th December, finally closed la3t night, aiter a season of ten weeks. In spite of indifference on the part of some of those who should have beeft foremost in aiding the prettolers of the Exhibition, and tli'e local manufacturers who contributed numerous tupemr exhibits, the project has been so far succesRf ul as to : save the gentlemen, who Patriotically became responsible TJy guaranteeing a considerable putii to defray any defici ency whicil might possibly arise, from loss. This result is all that was expected, but the promoters and manager of the Ex hibition have also the satisfaction of being assured by thousands of visitors to the Exhibition that it has beeu highly creditable to the manufacturers of Launceston and the North, and that the exhibits were more numerous and far superior in finish to what the visitors expected or could have believed possible unless they had closely inspected them. This is, in one seiise, satisfactory, but the fact indicates the existence of a grievous evil which is widespread through out this and the adjoining colonies — Victoria to some extent BScepted — the evil of an unreasoning dislike to colonial manufact&re;'a goods, and a rooted dis belief: in their merits, however clearly these may be shown. G-oods were produced at this Exhibition which, for style and finish, could not be surpassed ia the same classes at any of the great exhibitions in Europe. Some of these goods were secured by ea^er pur chasers soon after they were sent to the exhibition, as fhev were supplied for less than similar goods c jv-ld bs imported ; and if encouragement were given in this way by the public, iooal manufacturers could supply many lines of goods at con siderably less than they could be impdrted from Europe or from Victoria. But the local manufacturer has not only the obstacle of a limited population to deal with, but to overcome the rooted preju dice and contempt for such colonial produce tions, which exist, unfortunately, amongst all classes. If the prejudices of the public in this direction could be overcome it would do more towards establishing, stimulating, and improving colonial manufactures than any amount of Customs protection to local industries. Each of the colonies are laboring under the disadvantages we have thus pointed out, and a writer in the New Zealand Herald, last year, when commenting on this peculiarity amongst colonists, re marked : — ' Could not a board be ap pointed to really and honestly test colo nial products side by side with their imported rivals, and to give the stamp of official authority to the fact of their being equal or superior 1 And could it not be possible to create a public sentiment that would strangle this cruel and unmanly prejudice and make people proud of using the local production 1 Why not form an associa tion of those, both men and women, who would pledge themselves to use nothing but colonial productions so long as these could be obtained as good and as cheap as those imported ; and who would further undertake to not indolently wait until such products were forced on their at tention, but in all ciees to make inquiry whether the colonial article is not pro curable, before reluctantly accepting the j imported? It would be a noble and a generous way of encouraging native in dustries, and it would not only do so to a ! large extent, but the indulgence of such a j public seniiment would have an elevaling influence on the minds of the members of the association, and would have a tendency j to lift neoDle above the narrow and sordid quest of mere personal interests, and to cultivate in the whole people that generous love for and pride in their native or their adopted land without which no country can ever be successful or great.' The majority of the exhibits in the Town Park were remarkable, not only for their superiority, but for their suitability to the wants of all classes of colonists. The catalogue published after the opening of the Exhibition con tained the names of one hundred and eighty-six exhibitors, but there was no limit to the time for receiving exhibits, and the number increased almost daily up to near the c^ose of the Exhibition. The production of such a substantial display of local manufacturing skill has had a wholesome effect upon the community, aud the seed thus sown is certain to briug about beneficial results in the near future. The shameful condition of the street lead- : ing to the Church of England Burial Ground was brought under the notice cf tha Municipal Council on Monday by a letter from Archdeacon Hales, and the matter has been referred to the Streets Committee. The Archdeacon performed good service to the public in thus remind ing the Council that the work wfts pro mised to be done years ago ; for, if our memoryserves us faithfully in this matter, there was a distinct pledge made that if the wardens of the church would perform a certain portion of work on the foot path, the Conncil would make the street jit for the use to which it is applied. It raur.t strike any person who takes a stroll ;,!. ag the footpath io th-3 cemetery that ihe roadway over which funeral pro cessions have to pass is a disgrace to Tasmania. As a community of civilised baings, We are, of course, in the habit of i protecting with tender caije tfie ?n^l£mste clay of our deputed Mentis and relatives, and xtf accompanying it with Borrowful, heart to its fin&l; resting place. How | hurtful inust it therefore be to the feel ings of mourners to see the hearse rudely jolted over the stones, which lie in un oroKen contusion on tile surface of the higliwav. Brtt £-55,rt from this sentimental feeing eonccrning the dead, there is good reason to complain of the indifference shown to the living in not macadamising a road -which is of necessity re constantly Used by pedestriimp lii funeral processions. There i* iio road or street w^ ghouJd be more carefully attended to than that which leads to a cemetery, on account of the foot traffic thereon ; yet it is a re markable fact that; without oiitj 6ep tioiii appfoacnes to our burial grounds in this town are grossly neglected, heavy rubble being used instead of small metal in forming the surfaoe. It is a matter which concerns all this inhabitant*, and which should receive immediate attention. There is another public highway, the im passable state of which was brought under the notice of the Council twelve months ago, and if we mistake not, a promise was made that it would be put in a fit state for public use. We refer to David-street. By opening David-street, there would be a direct itieaiis ot communication between the Newstead and Sandhill roads, where by nearly half the town would receive benefit by the facility thus afforded for traffic, without the neenssity of making a circuitous -jCiirney by way of the Brisbane -road as at present. In the case of funeral corteges, this shortcut would be doubly advantageous, as it would form a more retired and much shorter approach to all the burial grounds, and would, therefore, be largely Used for that pur pose. it is to be hoped that the Coun cil will not forget its promise in regard to opening this street.. Hospital Boabd. — The Usual monthly meeting of the Launceston General Hospital Bosrd, which was postponed from Thursday evening lastj will take place at 8 o'clock to-iiight at the board room j Public Buildings. The Queen's Jubilee in Launceston. — We are given to understand that Mr Thos. Johnson (chairman of the United Friendly Societies} has placed himself in communication with the heads of the various bodies, in order to adopt some celebration in Launceston on Jubilee Day. Already several favorable replies have been received, and the undertaking augurs well for a prosperous issue. A committee meeting will shortly be held, and doubtless many suggestions will be forthcoming as to the most befitting form the ceremony should take. Police Couet.— At the Police Court yesterday, before Mr H. T. A. Murray, P.M., Lily Anderson, for having used obscene language in a public street, was fined £2 and costs, or in defaulta month's imprisonment. Arthur Hunt, for having allowed four cows, his property, to stray at large in Hopkins-street on the 15th inst., was fined 5s for each animal, costs re mitted. Thomas Spencer, a parcel cart driver, was fined Gs and costs for having misconducted himself on the llth inst. in Genr?e-street whilst in his cart William Iralach pleaded guilty to being the owner of two drays, and on the 15th inst. permitting them to be used without having his name written or otherwise attached to them, and was fined 7s 6d and costs. John Elmere pleaded guilty to a similar offence, and was fined 5s and costs. Benefit to Pbofessoe Kelly. — At the Town Park this evening a benefit will be tendered Professor Kelly, the Victorian pyrotechnist, by Messrs. Holmes and pupils and Phillips (acrobats), and L. Stephenson (the Australian Blondin). 'Advance Tasmania.' — This is the inspiring title of a patriotic song, written and composed by Mr Krank Hussey, and arranged by Mr A. R. Crowhurst, a copy of which has been left at our office. The song is taking, being well written, and when first sung in public by Mr A. J. Scott it was received with tremendous applause. For a local print the get-up of the piece is exceedingly creditable, and it should become very popular. Last evening Mr Hussey presented each bandmaster of the four bands engaged in the contest at the Exhibition with a copy, and with little difficulty it could be made a capital march. Dissolution of Paetnebship. — Notice is given by advertisement that the partner ship hitherto existing between W. Tatter sall and T. Longhurst, trading in Laun ceston as brickmakers, has this day been dissolved by mutual consent. The busi ness will be carried on in future by W. Tattersall, who will receive and pay all debts due to or by the late partnership. Academy op Mcsic. — The Holloway Dramatic Company produced at the | Academy of Music last evening, to an excellent audience, that ever beautiful dramaticpoem, ' Ingomar the Barbarian.' As usual the play was mounted on a scale of some magnificence, and not a hitch occurred to mar the whole performance. So much that is complimentary has been said of Miss Jenyns in each issue that it seems surplusage to speak of her acting last evening, but we cannot help saying herJParthenia was a really beautiful im personation of a beautiful character. She looked prettier than ever, and in her passion there was traceable the repose of genius, in her despair nobility of nature, in her joy the radiance of true woman hood. Loud applause and many exquisite bouquets were showered upon her at the end of each act, and she de served them all. Mr W. J. Holloway made a really good Ingomar, the Bar barian. In dress and demeanour and knowledge of his part one cannot say too much. In fact, we heard it mentioned by old theatre-goers that few if any Ingomars have equalled Mr Holloway in the j colonies. Mr Norman, beyond looking j noble, and speaking a few lines well, had : little to do as the Timarch, but that little was well done. Mr Hodson made a good Myron, the Armourer, and Mr Charles Hoiloway a typical miser, Polydor. Miss Marian Morris had a good deal to do as Actea, the armourer's wife, but she was equal to her part, and we must not forget Miss Nita Steele's song, ' Wandering hand in hand,' which opened the per formance in such a charming manner. To-night ' the tragedy of tragedies,' ' Hamlet,' will be produced, and we understand a great alteration will be made in the castle of Elsinore and ghost scenes, which are totally different to any thing seen before in Australia, and which have been the cause of much favorable comment by the theatrical gossip in Eng land. A Feat Acboss the Catabact. — The Australian Blondin (Professor Stephen son), who is at present in Launceston, contemplates giving an interesting exhi bition of his skill shortly by walking a wire stretched across the Cataract. It will be remembered that the feat was successfully accomplished a few years ago by a professor of no mean order. Pro fessor Stephenson some time back was desirous of attempting to cross Niagara Falls, but was debarred from doing so on acco'int of his youth. His effort across the Cataract is a forerunner of his more ambitious task across Niagara, now that I'.'is arrived at 'years of discretion.' I: Babies' Cabriages.' — We are now shriw iug a splendid assortment, direct from the mukers; for sale at lowest prices, Fbank Hart and Son. 2 . TniiNS to and from Wesib'- ? ~ o- j ? CIA.CE9. ^ On Tuesd^ nfcxfc return tickets at; -ingle fares will be issued at all stations on the Western line to Wpstbttry, avail able for return on the following day, and in addition to the ordinary trains a special train will leave Launceston at 10*30 a.m. and will leave Westbury to return at 10*15 p.m., stopping at intermediate stations where required. Visitors to Westbury will thus be able to stay there for the concert, and return home after wards. Benevolent Society. — U6ual weekly fieeting of the committee of the Benevolent Societv was held in the 1,1 Hall yesterday, whe» iUTa ? ~ — «uere were present — -^narB. is. L. Ditcham (chairman), J, Stephenson, G- Babington, J. . Tulloch. M Tyson, J. Ellis, W. R. Barwood, T! H. Urquhart, and H. Fraeer (secretary). The minutes of the previous meeting were read aiid confirmed, and the relief roll called. The secretary reported the death of a female recipient of the society. A j woman witb two ? young children, and whose husband was, in the hospital, was relieved with a single ration and an allowance of . milk: A woman with four children, and .whose husband was also a patient at .the hospital,, was granted temporary relief. A confinement case was struck off, the female having quite recovered from her illness. An applica tion from a woman who had been deserted by her husband was left in the hands of the secretary for investigation. The con sideration of a motion standing in Mr Farrelly's name was deferred until next meeting, owing to the absence of that gentleman. It was decided that the annual meeting of the society should be held in the Town Hall on Thursday, the 3rd of Marsh, at 7 '30 p.m. LAtnfCESTON Savings Bakk. — The bank will be closed for the half-yearly balancing of the books and addition of interest on Saturday and Monday next, but will be reopened on Tuesday, March 1. Excursion Train to Foemby on Wed nesday. —The manager of the Government Railways announces that an excursion train will lea$e Launceston for Litrobe and Formby on Wednesday next at 9*30 a.m., leaving Formby to return at 4*40 p.m., and arriving in Launceston at 8 45 p.m. From Launceston, Evandale, and Lonsford, first-class. 7s 6d : second- class. 5s. From Westbuiy and Deloraine, first class, 4s ; second-class, 3s. This train is specially provided for the convenience of ladies and children, and no more passen gers will be booked than can be comfort ably seated. A limited number of reserved compartments can be secured for the day for eight first- class or ten second-class tickets, application for which must be made not later than Monday. The excur sion train will only stop at the stations named. Business Notice. — A notice appears in our advertising columns from Mr J. Paget, intimating that he has opened a branch establishment two doors from Messrs. Overall and Company's shop, Charles street, at which he is prepared to sell all description of furs and leather at lowest prices. Campania Wheat. — We (Mercury) have received from the Campania Roller Mills two samples of wheat, which are about average specimens of the crops grown in the district. Experts in cereals ! have given it as their opinion that for an average yield it cannot be beaten in the j world. The wheat, of which we have a | sample, waB washed and cleaned by the j new machine manufactured by Mr Robt James, of Bridgewater, an account of which we published ia our columns a short time back. So much is the machine thought of by Mr H. J. Brock, the pro prietor of the mills, that, notwithstanding United States and English manufacturers had sent him descriptive catalogues of their neweBt machines, with specifica tions of all the latest improvements, be preferred the local-made thresher to any imported article, although the foreign machines could have been obtained at a, somewhat cheaper rate. It is really a credit to Tasmania, that a machine manu factured in the colony, and in use for several years, has been preferred by a practical expert to any imported article. The average yield of the Richmond dis trict has been about 18 bushels per acre, Bome paddocks running as high as 30 bushels, the grain being remarkable for its size and hardness. Samples may be Been at this office. New Zealand Items. — The Wellington Evening Post thinks it is high time the absurdity of condemning Australian or Tasmanian apples, because they are more or less infected with the codlin moth, was put an end i o. ' The moth,' it observed, ' is already acclimatised in New Zealand, and it is no use locking the stable door after the steed has been stolen. — The water famine is general along the West Coast. In Greymouth and Hokitika the fire engines are utilised to replenish the tanks. — In the Province of Nelson there are only 300 acres devoted to hops this season, in place of the 800 acres of pre vious years. — According to the Poverty Bay Herald, a considerable number of Maoris along the SaBt Coast are contem plating migrating to Utah.— The Colonial Secretary hopes to effect a saving of £50,000 a year by the re-organisation of the Sheep and Rabbit Departments. The flocks throughout the colony are now clean, and he therefore intends to dis pense with the services of a large number of rabbit inspectors, and transfer their duties to the sheep inspectors. — In con nection with a recent fire in Napier, the Electric Telegraph Department sued Mr Hoadley, auctioneer, for £'9 for a tele phone which was burned in the recent big lire. It appears that Hoadley telephoned for someone to take the instrument down during the progress of the fire : but as it was not removed, he denies responsibility. The Bench reserved judgment. — It is said that there is an excess of 43,572 males over females in the colony, which gives a ' good show' for the ladies. — An Italian gentleman in Reefton has taken the initia tive in establishing silk culture as a colonial industry. — As showing the fall in value of Merino ewes, it is said that 1950 were sold off one station in Hawke's Bay at Is 6d each. — Two ladB were attacked by eels while bathing in the Mangorei River, Taranaki. — The mail steamer Alameda brought over a million and a half of whitefish ova from America. The consignment, which was packed in ice, arrived in splendid condition, and was taken charge of by the Acclimatisation Society. — The survivors of the battle of Waireka, fought at Taranaki 26 years ago, have determined to celebrate its anni versary on March 28 with a dinner, to be thereafter held annually. The Late Serjeant Ballantine. — The death of Serjeant Ballantine re moves a well-known name from the law list, and a prominent figure from London life. The late Serjeant was engaged in many of the most celebrated trials of recent years, and, as the advocate of the notorious claimant to the Tichborne baronetcy, proved his strength and ability, especially in cross-examination. It will be remembered that Serjeant Ballantine was also employed by the Goicowar of Baroda in his great contest with the British Government, and received for his services the ver- handsome fee of £20,000. In addition to these well-known cases, he was the doughty champion of many notorious prisoners, and his advocacy was much appreciated by unfortunate persons who found themselves arraigned at the Old Bailey. He belonged to a past genera tion, and was intimate with a set of law yers who rose mostly to the highest legal distinction, but he is one of the last to pass away. Serjeant Ballantino fought several contested elections, but hene-er entered Parliament, nor would he sur render the substantial emoluments of his private practice to accept a fceat on the Beuch. Thousands die annu-.lly from pome form of kidney r.isaase that might have been prevented by a timely use of Hop Bitters. Read A Locomotive Floating Dock — The absence of any dock aGsommcdstlon for ships cf the Royal Navy at many impor tant stations, and more particularly. {n thp Pacific, liaB ofteii Ijeeh pointed oiii. A dry dock of masonry, to be built on everv station- is Manifestly, if only for financial I reasons, out of the question. A former First Lord of the Admiralty said in this connection that nobody could contribute a more valuable addition . to naval contri vances than to invent a really, efficient floating dotik, atid not only a floating dock, but a dock which, when once afloat, may go to any part of the world. This idea Icmalned dormant for some time, bat lat terly it has been seriously considered, and will before long be carried into effect. The Messrs. Rernie, the well-known marine engineers, have devised a floating dock on an entirely new principle, and the designs have been favorably received at the Ad miralty. This dock could be at the dis posal of a fleet on almost any given part of a station, and its advantages, provided everything turns out satisfactorily, would be incalculable. The necessary calcula tions as to stability, strength of material, and horse-power for the dock have been most carefully made, and it is hoped that a great want is in a fair way of being sup plied. A floating locomotive dock of the kind proposed would be suitably berthed at any of our coaling stations and fortresses abroad, and would obviate the want of dock accommodation which exists to an alarming extent at mo3t of our colonial seaport towns. Commercial 'School, Chalmers' Schoolroom St. John-street. — The School course of instruc tion consists of the ordinary English subjects, Bookkeeping, Algebra, Mensuration, _ and Drawing. A Night School is also held in the above building on Mondays, Tuesdays, and rnaays. Terms on application. v/Olin Ookleton, Principal. Wells' Haib Balsam. — If gray, restores to original color. An elegant dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A Tonic Restorative. Stops hair coming out, strengthens, cleanses, heals scalo. (2 Scott's Emulsion of Pdbe Cod Liveb Oil with Htpophosphites, is prescribed by Physicians all over the world. It is a re markable remedy for Consumption, Scrofula, and wasting diseases, and very palatable. Read the following : — ' I have much pleasure in stating that I have tried ' Scott's Emclsiox in a case of impoverished blood, with scrofu lous disease, and found it to be a very efficient preparation. It was taken without the least difficulty. — A. TejiplB Pebkins, 22 Lordship Park, Stoke, Newington, N. England. Any Chemist can supply it at 5s. L. Faibthobn e and Son, Agents. Skinny Men. — 'Wells' Health Renewer, restores health and vigor, cures Dyspepsia, Impotence, Sexual Debility. At chemists and druggists. Felton, Grimwade, and Co., agents, Melbourne' _ (2 Mothers with sickly, fretful, nursing child ren, will cure the child aud benefit themselves by taking American Hop Bitters daily. Those afflicted with Asthma. Bronchitis, or any other bronchial affection should try a box of Stmons' Austbalian Asthma Cdbe. It not only gives immediate relief, but makes an effectual cure in the most chronic cases. Sold by all chemists. Hatton and Laws, Agents for Tasmania. Kings may be blest, buc Tam was glor om O'er a' the ills of life victorious.' Many of the ' ills of life ' may be very much curtailed by the nse of Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture. ' Rome was not built in a ay,' and it took years of patient study to bring to perfection that excellent cure known as Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture, which is unequalled in all diseases arising from the liver. All the Chemists sell it. 