fmmor. Bin Nye's Budget, BOILS. _ I am just having a highly humorous expe ■ iience with boila. Toothers this announce ment will come with no element of sadness, perhaps, but to me it brings a thrill o£ the . keenest and most poignant anguish. A man Might go all over a whole country and not anything more poignant than these boils seem to me. :v There aVe seven of these little blossoms, and they hang in a ripe cluster on the back of my, Jieck, about two inches below what the phre nologists call love of home. . I had never brought out a boil until last week, though I have led a very chequered life, but one morning I-awoke to find myself the parent of seven cunning little red-headed boils about the size of a pumpkin-seed. They are small, bnt, oh, how restless they are, and how 'they snaggle with each other for supremacy I People who live here say that these boils are a result of the climate. The air here is especially calculated to bring out anything in the line of latent humor. A man who had been running a humorous -weekly paper in the far West came here and in two weeks he broke out so that his friends had to do him up in a poultice seven feet long. I am not doing much for these boils, be causa I want to teach them to be self- reliant and depend upon themselves. One of them was a puny little thing at first, and I felt sony for it when my friends told me about it. -.-I cannot see these boils, of course, as they are not in the direct line of vision, being on the back of my neck. So I get a friend— one £ can trust—and I let him come and tell me how they are doing from time to time. This little boil at first did not bid fair to hold out more than a day or two, but yester day it began to throw aside its lethargy and I to realize that life is real. It is fully abreast of the others now, and has a large and very active crater on it. For three days I put various things on these boils; among others soap, sugar, the white of an egg, flaxseed, bread and milk, bread and molasses, etc., etc., etc. There were other things recommended, but as the boils were all in a cluster I. had to try one thing at a time. With seven boils weLL dis tributed I might have tried several remedies at once, but I did the best I could. In three days I have rendered four pounds worth of groceries entirely useless to the consumer. Boils visit the rich and poor alike, the humble and the exalted. They are not a mark of greatness, for boils frequently come to the obscure and the unknown. They do not come with the seeking, and they are not to be obtained by study or effort. Boils fall to the lot of many whose lives would other wise be void of incident. To such they are indeed a great benison, or may be used as such. How many people do we know who have .naught else to show us in the way of progress, but a kind Providence has bestowed a boil upon them now and then, which they can exhibit as an evidence that they are not remaining absolutely stagnant ? The felon also is a queer article, the use fulness of which has not been thoroughlyjmade clear to my mind. There are ninety-eight different things that are good for a felon, each of which will make it ache first-rate, and that seems to be the principal object both with felonB and boils. Some cut the finger openin treating a felon, and scrape the j bone with a corncob or a wo.od rasp. About | the only way to cure a felon is to seriously | injure.the finger and then-cure the injury* j Printer Joe.—" Printer Joe," said the conductor, was a hard one to stand off, and j was known among railroad men all over the i country. I don't believe that fellow would pay his fare from one station to the next if he had a fortune iniis pocket. It's against his-principles." An interested/lot of listeners had now gath ered around, and a desire to hear more of the famous Joe, having been expressed, the con ductor went on as follows:— Well, among the thing which I remem ber of him was the way he beat me when I was running a Baltimore and Ohio train into , Cincinnati a few years back. It was an ac comodation train—that is, not one of the fastest—and stopping pretty often. The ex press on that line was fast in those days, and I guess it is still. Well, one day I found Joe aboard. He was riding in the car next to the baggage. I saw him at once, but didn't appear to recognize him, although I knew him all the same. So I said to him,— "'Ticket.' He looked at me in a rather amused way and pretended to pay no attention to me. But I insisted upon the ticket, whereupon he took me aside and said :— " My friend, I observe that you are a are new man on the line and don't know me. I am Director , of the Baltimore and Ohio, and, of course, have free transportation over the road!' " I was vexed and told him I understood his game, and that if he did not get off at the next station he would have reason to re pent. He readily promised to get off, and kept his word, for I saw him walking away from the train. I was glad to be rid of him so easily jand you may imagine my chargrin when I came upon him again as I went through the train. I said nothing this time, but when we came to the next station I put Mr. Joe off in a way which was much more forcible than polite. It was of no use. At every station I had to go through the same process, and once I stopped between stations, although we were behind time, and threw him out of the smoking car. We pulled out as fast as possible, but he caught on to the last platform, and at the next stop he stepped off looking as well pleased as if he had been riding on a Pullman. I was so mad when I saw him that I swore he should go no farther, and when we were ready to start I took him by the collar, tripped him, and held him down till the train had started. I then ran and caught the last car. I was triumph ant, and from the rear platform shook my fist at him as he stood disconsolate two hun dred yards behind us. "I saw no more of Joe until we got to Cincinnati. I was standing by the train as the passengers were getting off when I felt ! myself touchied on the arm. Turning around I saw Printer Joe! He said coolly :— "' Gaptain, I've got a match; if you will lend me a cigar I'll smoke.' "I was outdone, and not only gave him the cigar but said that I would give him his dinner if he would tell me how he had man aged it. He agreed, and in a neighboring restaurant he explained that he had caught the express and got in ahead of my train." Criticism as is Criticism.—Goi. " Pat '* Donan doesn't like the play of "Hamlet." Hear the eloquent adjectiveslinger: ;; I have no patience, much less sympathy, with a wretched weakling who goes around jabber ing afcdiiapitated old ghosts in tin helmets and green gauze veils, under bogus moonlight; everlastingly threatening to do something, and never doing it; driving his sweetheart to lu nacy and a catfish death, by his dime-museum freaks; jnaking stump speeches to skulls and grave-'digg&rs;^ going into all sorts of be-hys tericsj ajid^atlast, running a section of bar bed wire fence, in the most approved Chica go pig-sticking style, through his dead girl's brother, and dying himself, to slow fiddle- ,':;i music, amid a general carnage of lunatics and wreck of absurdities." Senator-elect Regan* accompanied by a vigorous Bepublican member, was going on a [ tour of inspection through the elegant new quarters of the Jefferson Club recently, mak ng various pertinent comments. Mr. Whistler. the eccentric artist who continues to "disappoint two continents,"' appeared at the opening of the Grosvenor Gallery exhibition, wearing yellow gloves, a yellow neolctio. parrying a yellow cane, and having a yellow silk handkerchief sticking ontof his breast pocket. ' i 