, I Wàs;! stationed1 as 'áergeaht ; bfJ thé police at . X-, a small town in the northern district of New South Waleevin 1856; ? -It-was asleepy, little place, and I had very little to do. Almost the only excitemént was the coach, which came'in at about 9 o'cloék every night in the week, and left an hour later. The road cn from X-was one of the worst {bits on. the dine j but the driver .waa the best "whip I ever'saw'.' It was a pleasure to see him handle tte reins ; ihe'had such command over his horses, very often only half-broken brumbies. He had not been driving that stage long ; and no one knew anything about him. He was a very quiet man, and. never made friends with anyone. A great powerful-looking « fellow, but very ugly ; .he lived in a little hut. by. him self, and only caine to the inn: in time to .take his. seat on the coach, and went home directly his diities were over. Tom . he was called^ and.np one knew what his surname was, or even whether Tom was bis right naine.: . .There were a .good many people travelling .that line îthen,jànd the coach never left Without three or four.passengers at least. But one night it'happened that, though three ; earner in, when ¡Tom,' drove round .to the door and called f All aboard 1' the landlord came out and told li im: there was.no one going pn.. ; ¡ , '/Why/said iTom^fMr.îBrown and; his son fare coming bn.' :^No,-they're .npt,'replied.the land lord, n f The boy is very tired, and Mr., Brown says he'll iwait till next jtrip.' , / Notfone passenger !' said ;Tom> and a scared.lookjcame over, his fa'ce.. ;'|Well, ï suppose I must r<gp.¡>n Goodbye, : old chaps.'. And he gathered up' the reins and trottípd away. : - :? ? --A-. b,. ']?:::,. >--, ?. 1 i It was a lovely moonlight j and I watched. him for some distance, and: then turned' into ther inn parlor, to have a yarh with the landlord and his, , wife/ who ' remarkéd that? Tomi was j.unusually sweet that evening. As a rule he never ¡ troubled , himself/,, tp - sayi- goodnight; to/-anyone.j'j- I .had been ¡away for a week or two. .So ; w.e.sat a jgood , : hour over the fire talking, till,Smart,-,the¡ land-,,, lord, remarked that it wa3 getting late^il looked ,, iatimy. watch, i: It was.jiist 12.; iilistopd.r.up.fi.t.p; say goodnight, .when we iheard.a igreat; clattering, bf ;; ; horses galloping i down the. street. u;The yard gate.. r was open, and;they turnèd-in there. We ragout =. - tb: Bee what it was, and, found the leaders pf* the coach with broken harness^hanging}abouti .tbem»,, standing at the stable idoor, shaking.: all .over, and covered with sweat. 1 , hf-u -/fi ??¡¡oí, í mí o->p-<,;r: i " ' By Heaven!' exclaimed Smar^. f;there has been .. a smash. I wonder where. Tom is P' ?. We saddled , $wo horses -as quickly as possible, and, rpdei;alpng; ,, about i seven -, miles,. ;,and ifoún^.t.her. coaph about;, ; fifty yards olí the road, jammed between twp.K¡ trees, withitho wheelers': still) attached to. it,; ,,and cloEe by-, the ¡road¡.awe r/;foiin'd .^Tom.. lying.:; !quito dead.J 'His 'hands! were jat'hiB throat;i, clenched eaoh side,, as if he had .tried to. pull, .a way , something/ andi h'Urhadítho appearance ;ôf;a.,. man who had died choked/ but.-.,,.there, were no; : marks? of; ; vjplencpron. his/neck;. Where he-,badi . fallen was a bed« of sand]left;¡ by a-flood some: months before ;. and fthere; were1... only ? themarks' of f. .the. coach wheels ( ¡and horses* ¡ ] feet. So it did not look as if hehad bpen murdered... . Wo managed,. : after a great ' - deal of ¡ trouble, ; to free the horses and get out the coach. /Thon ; we'put poor Tom'sbody in ithejooaoh, and drove,,, -back-;to the town j ;thp, horses ..going -quietly , enough. They had got,.over their¡ fright,,what-," ever ¿ caused it. 1 The news a pf, the smash , had ¡, Bpread5 and, On our, way;. back, we¡ ¡met, several¡,\ coming to see what was the, ¡matter.And many were -the conjectures as to hpw it could have happened.. Tom was. a careful; driver}, and the ¡ horses werjj^ribt. nb all j rowdy. Next day^ there was an inquiry V but nothing, farther came out. Smart arid-myself .were the osly witnesses j and a verdict of accidental death was returned. I took possession of Tom's belongings, but did nob find any clue a's to Iiis real name. But ! did find the7 following ' diary, if I may so call it. Knowing that making ib public could benefit no one, and;i might be laughed at for believing it, I said, ; nothing about it, and now. publish it for the jîrst/'time. ^ As^so many years have elapsed -since the accident, few, if any, will remember anythmg about it :-, : /..v..; \; > . TOM'S DIARY. Why was he ^always talking about her, and how happy they would be when they were married? Every evening:when we had had supper and lay stretched;'out on the grass in frönt of our tent allííhé! ; could/talk of wa,s 'Nancy, Nancy,' and count, th e, days till he could' see her again. And be would describéover and over the farm he meant to buy when he went back to the Hunter. I had no. Nancy.. No woman had ever cared the least for-me,^'except ;my poor old mother.; and it was years since I had left her in England, think ing'to make ; my fortune in a month br two. I waschet' the' kind of man to win any woman's love. !l waV too ugly and uncouth, while Cobb, with;hi3, laughing blue eyes, and pleasant ways, was; a favorite wherever he went. We had been mates, no Wi. for some, months at the Rook gold diggings]i ¿nd lately had téen doing very well, had seht down over £700 each, and were still on a good " patch.' Cobb said as: soon as he had £1000 yhe .was -going to clear out, and buy the fafm'hV'wstó'-''always tMking 'about,- ¿nd he and îl an cy ,.wouíd¡ get .married. I was sick pf ' Nancy* j 1 and'thbu^ji ; Í had liked Cobb better / than' any mate^ I^gyer- had before, I often longed for the day/.whin'he would have his £1000, and go. We were: very .-lucky ;; and it was- not long before one. evening Iwe counted our money, and found' we .had a little over £1000 each. He was in , wild spirits, and said he would etart doVtí'in-;;two had made a good many friends'.bri,, the; field, and would not like to go away without; bidding them goodbye.' He said I was wëlco'me to all I might still get out of the claimr-hp had enough for .Nancy : and himself. Always 'Nancy/ I was sick pf her name, and hated'sheri without ever having seen her. Next day he-went round saying goodbye ; and nothing would do but I must go too. Everyone was sorry to!, heEr 'h/e/was going j and used to pity nie, saying how I would mÍ3S him. Little they knéw how I was looking forward tb his' departure ! For I felt the .devil creeping up to nie every night, say ing, /Kill him ! kill him ! stop that eternal j Nancy somehow !' Even in his sleep, he used j sometimes tb talk ot her, and I used to feel as if the devil was putting ray fingers round his throat) and shutting them tight-tight. YWe sent all our gold down by the escort that day, and he was going tb start early.next morning, walking to X.r--. where"hp expected to -join the coach. He talked of Nancy more than ever that night, while he was putting together the few things he meant to take with him; He read out passages frbih1 'her -letters, .bits that I knew by heart already, while I sat looking at the fire, afraid to nieefc^ his eyes, íóv fear he might see the devil shining in mine, and wondered he did not hear him saying, ' KilL him ! kill him!'' Why should he haye a sweetheart, and I have none ? /At last ,he went to bed, and I sat on at the tent dpPrll9p&ing.;''atvthe:fire. I suppose he thought I WAS sp/quiet because he was going ¿way. Little he knew (the company I had. He slept on quietly, and; I sat with niy back to his bunk. I dared not look at'liim,¿for,I .knew I,-would not he able to keep my fingers from his throat. If only Lcould get -out ;;bf; the tent.' But I could not. I was chained tb my seat; ' Let him just once begin to täit :pf/Nan.cy; !ànd I would not be answerable tor^myV;ac^ioñfl/.'.Í'.I looked ' down at }my,hands; How /strong /and sinewy they were, though they were, iso ugly, all freckled, and covered with red hair; <-ï>I clenched my fingers, and imagined I felt his!'fair TPiihdïneck between them. How easily I; cbuld db- it. " "? I 'turned and looked afc him. Tnere'he lay with his head slightly thrown back, and his .throat so temptingly exposed. I rose, abd; crept, toward him. ' Do it now/ said the d.éyiiij^.Î!^rep^!ok^^. His lips moved. He turned restlessly; and murmured'Nancy/ It was the la3t. wo.dihe ever spoke ; with one bound I was on him, My knee was on his chest, my hands round h?.s throat¿; He gavé a struggle, and opened hjs'ey'es/''But I;was strong. . ' ^His / good' ' looks ' did not! save'.1 . him - new. I tightened /my;; grip till;/ his blue eyes nearly startjed/but^pf :jhis/.head.;; / Ha.!«' Ha! what would j,Nanay .say, now if she saw her , hand some glover P.//.Ii kept ¡my fingers tight till theyj«jachéid-..';;¿--,.-íand,£i>.when'.:.'Ir'- took ; them away/'he'*! never moved. ? ¡ I I stood- and looked at Kim./;?;' "üPtfa^hbt a bit sorry for what I had done. My ¿my thought J(Was:what tbt db: with him now; I rehiembered there was /an old shaft with water ¿Kt/b/'e ^ away. I got à sugar bag] filled'it full pf .stones, and tied it with I strongs cord /round his body. I fastened his j valise to him, too; it would never do to leave that I about;- There were some lights still tobe seen in ' the tents, and though there were none nearer than ! 200 yards, arid thoseln a different direction from I the/'old shaft, I'thought it safer to wait till all vj as .quiet; Sb I sat iii my tent door, ¿nd waited ! till,/ohe,by one, all the. lights went out; arid the I voices were silent. Then I took him up (ho was I not a ¡big ; man, and t was over 6 feet,"and very I strong), carried him to the old shaft, and dropped I him'-down. I leant byer and listened. Silence I for' a 'moment; then a heavy splash, and I knew I f should hear no more of Nancy. Next day several I raeri/.bâme to where I was working. They all had I sbraefch/irig to say about Cobb, and sympathised I with mb for losing him for a mate. 1 said ' Yes, I 1 should miss him very much. He had started I very early, as he wanted to get over the first 20 I miles that day, not being sure of his way, and it I was /¿ lonely road. . I hoped ho would not get I lost j bub'ho was in suoh a hurry to get down, he I would not Í wait till someone oise was going/ I Aud,'all, tho tinie I seemed to hear " the I splash r/he mado as ho foll irito the w'atbr. || I did not do very well after that. The claim ilii * seemed worked out. . I worked every day for a week without getting even the color of gold. I wa=» getting sick of it, and determined to.'clear out, and take to my old trade of coach-driving. The company knew me well, and told me they would always take me on if they had a vacancy.. I had sent half my gold to my old mother in England, the only woman who had ever cared if I was alive or dead. I went down to the public house one night, and sold my claim for a few pounds, telling them I was off the next day. They kept me yarning pretty late. It was near ll by the time I started back to my tent. Tnere was a faint 'moon, and as I came near I thought I saw someone standing at the door. I walked ^quickly up, thinking it was someone come to see what they could steal. But the, figure stood still till I was quite near, and then I saw it was Cobb, just as he looked when I choked him, with his hands'up to his throat. I turned and fled ; nor did I veniure back all night. It was not till the sun rofe that I returned, and even then half expected to see him still there. But there was no one. I hastily gathered together a few things,, and left. I walked 80 miles that day, and put up at a public house. I felt as if I must have company, for I had an idea I should not see Cobb if I was not alono. I sat in the bar that night till nearly 12, but never saw anything. So I went to bed j and, being dead tired, I soon fell asleep. An idea came into my head that T would go and see Nancy, just to ascortain what the girl who fascinated Cobb was like. So I made! my way down to thetoyn where her father was post master; and, by dint of calling every day for a letter which I knew could not be there,' I managed at last to scrape sufficient acquaintance with him to be asked to come in and drink a glass with him. And so at last I saw Nancy, the indirect cause of my crime. I did not wonder then at Cobb's infatuation. A sweeter face I had never seen. I daresay you can guess what is coming, I, who had never known what it was to feel the least tenderness for any woman, who had always said that love was only for fools and old men 5 I, too, fell in love ! I haunted "the house. Every evening on one pretext or another I spent there. But Nancy never took any more notice of me than if I was not there. I always took care to leave early, so as to be back at my inn before ll. At last one evening I happened to me.ition I had been at the Kook diggings, and Nancy's father asked me whether I had known Cobb. I replied I had, but he had left before I had, having made his pile, and I had heard nothing of him. since.' * That's strange/ said the postmaster.. ' I hope nothing has happened to him. I thought he would be sure to come here first/ with a meaning glance at Nancy, who said nothing. * He spoke of going to England when he left the diggings/ I said. * I have' heard nothing of him since/ 'I do not think he would go without.coming to see us first,' said the father, ' What do you say, Nancy? I am afraid something must have hap pened to him.' ' I do not think so, father,' replied Nancy. ' I am sure he will come back again.' I said nothing, but thought of the old shaft. It was later than visual when I left the post-office that evening. As I walked home I ' was thinking of Nanoy, and made up my mind I would try my luck next time I was alone with her; not that I had any hope of her ever loving me. Living, I had hated" Cobb, because of her; and of what avail was it that I had killed him? I could not tell her he was dead ! I walked rapidly through the almost deserted street, till I came near my inn. There was a tall tree near the verandah, and I saw someone stand ing by it. But I did not take any notice of him till I cime near. Then I looked up 5 and it was Cobb, with his hands up to his throat, just as I had seen him before. I stood paralysed for a moment. Then I rushed into the bar and sat down. 'Why, you look as if you had seen a ghost ! ' said the landlord. ' Have some brandy/ I took it mechanically, and asked what' time it was. ' ' Just on the stroke of 11/ he replied. The very hour I had seen him before, and the only time I had been alone at that hour since the night after I killed him. So it was plain I should only see him when alone at that hour. I went to see Nancy next day, and told her I loved her ; but, as I had expected, she said she was en-jaged to Cobb, and never would caro for anyone else. I knew that it was no use before I went, but I could not help it. I lëft the house almost sorry that I killed Cobb, and ruined her young life, for I was sure she meant what she said; that she would never care for anyone else. I went straight to the coach office, and as they were short of drivers just.then they were very glad fo take me on, but I stipulated to be put on a night.stage, to start at 10 p.m. on a busy, lino j sp that I should;not be alone at 11. I have been driving now for nearly a year, arid . have never had less than two passengers, and . have not seen Cobb since. I wonder would he appear if,I was alone? I do not intend to try the ex periment if I can help it. Sometimes I have a presentiment I shall die ai I killed him. LIFE'S but a walking shadow, a poor player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more.-Shakespeare.' EXCELLENCE is placed beyond the reach of in dolence, that success may bo the reward of indus try, and that idleness may be punished with ob scurity arid disgrace. ANBW ASPECT OP MENDICITY.-A solioitor met a tramp near Lancaster, and gave him a penny. A policeman saw the act, and took the tramp, into custody. Later in the evening two young | ladies called ripon the solicitor ; a'nd he gave them ; a shilling for the Ladies' Jubilee Fund. He very ( politely asked them to take a seat, and wait awhile. A policeman appeared ; and he gaye the t ladies, into custody for begging.. The policeman ( demurred. Mr. Solioitor demanded the superin tendent of police. Mr. Superintendent demurred. | Mr. Solicitor would not give way unless the poor tramp was released. The bargain was struck ; and Mr. Tramp was set free. ' 