[?] T H E /-It HI BS'i'.T AL . . i. [?] 'V PART I. ":r ; 7 : _I was sent fot hurriedly one evening to visit tn> reside', us of Mr. Turifon, the bead of ttie enji.ieitv b-inkiiig firm of Taunton Bro and Elliott, ot Lombard-street. ; Toe old genfcieman was not altogether un- known cd aiej and, he bad the remit at ion of being at the Same time oue of the moat upright and jet one of the hardest of man. , Oi this I . soon had an opportunity of judg ing. I was received in a richly furnished bat particularly gloomy apartment. There did riot appear to be a comfortable corner or chair in it: The tall old gentleman asked me to be seated close to the large table at which he was placed, and then he passed a slip of lavender paper across to me. What do yon call that ? he aeked. It appears to be a cheque for brie thou I sand pounds, .sigued by W. Spencer Taunton,' I replied. 4 It appears to be/ he repeated. 'Then you de not think it genuine ?' ' I do hot, was my answer. ' The signa ture riiay be all right, but the figures in the iefthand corner and the body of the docu ment seem to have been tampered With.' : ' You are -fight. - J5o you think the work has been skilfully done!' ' I do not,' I replied. . ' Xt is the work of a novice, and therefore there can he little .difficulty in fioding the ciilpfit.. The fact is, my own nephew is the guilty individual, and, Bir, after what h&B; passed between us two he can no longer be forgiven. He must be found, laid by the heels, and prosecuted.1 I continued looking at the cheque, and fcha idea suddenly dawned upon me that the per petrator of this swindle was capable of doing ..much finer work. It appeared . to ine that the alteration was intended to be palpable, and that Borne, kind of mystery must be attached to the whole affair. Will you kindly give me particulars V I asked. 4 My nephew is a lieutenant in a cavalry regiment now lying at H . After running through his own money recklessly, he ap pealed to me. I paid his debts and made bim a comfortable allowance. He seems, to have no stability of character. A few days ago be came to me and confessed that he was again embarrassed. I received him in ibis room, and he. made a dean breast of hiis shortcom ings. I gave him a severe lecture, but con cluded by writing him a cheque for a hundred pounds as my last unwilling contribution to his extravagance. The unhappy youth has obliterated the word " hundred" by some chemical process arid substituted "thousand." By adding a cipher to the numerals, the Bw indie he looked upon as being complete. He has cot actually forged my name, but the crime is equally serious ; and much as the transgression and disgrace grieve tee, I shall not Bwerve from my duty in banding him over for punishment to the authorities.' 1 May I ak if the money was paid ?' I Fortunately it was not. The chief officials at the bank knew of my feelings towards my nephew from his past fast living, and it was such a palpable alteration that it was detected at once.' 4 Who presented the cheque ?' ' It was paid in to the banking account of Captain Briscoe, of his own regiment, arid doubtless was handed over in payment of gambling debts. The money has not been collected, but the crime is none the lesB a crime. Jly people at the bank sent for the City police, and a private-clothes officer went down to the quarters of the regiment but the culprit could not be found, I prefer a man of whom I know something, and so I have sent for you. What do you tbink of the ca9e ?' I I cannot say yet. What kind of character does Captain Briscoe sustain ?' Excellent ! Irreproachable I' returned the old gentleman, with more earnestness than he had hither co displayed. Promising to do my best in the peculiar case, I asked if Mr. Taunton had any portrait of his nephew. He rang the bell, and a foot man entering, he said : "Go to your mistress and ask her for a por trait of Archi Mr. Carringtoo.' A peculiarly faint carte- de visite .was brought me, in a few minutes, aud I was conducted from the room by the solemn ser vant. As I came out into the hall I caught a glimpse of one of the brightest-looking girls I ever saw in my life. She was just dis appearing wit hin the threshold of a briiiiantly- lit room opposite, the general aspect of which contrasted pleasantly with that I had just left. Upon reaching the street door, the footman said in a low tone : 1 My mistress desired me to ask you to wait a few moments.' Almost the next instant a refined- looking maid came from the room I had just noticed, and paid : 4 Would you kindly leave your private address ? My mistress earnestly desires to see you on very particular business, and asks if to-night would be convenient for a call.' I had noticed that both servants had used the wordB 4 my mistress' rather pointedly, and began to suspect that the female part of Mr. Taunton's household had a different kind of interest in the unhappy Mr. Archibald Car- rington to that entertained by that gentleman himself. I gave my card with my private address, saying : ' Business will detain me at home gli this evening and as I spoke an unnoticed glance over my shoulder revealed the young lady I had Been before looking anxiously from the door of her room. This was not the simple matter it first appeared to be,, I felt certain now. I proceeded home at once arid thought out the case before me. It did not take me Jong. I considering the limited information I yet possessed, to come to a conclusion which proved pretty accurate in the end. I wss, however, somewhat anxious for the promised i interview, and rather disappointed as hour! after hour passed, and. still no pne appeared. j About ten o'clock I thought about goiug our. but just then I remembered that in alL pro bability wine o'clock ' would, pass before dinner would be over in such k fashionable . establish ment as that of Mr.' Taunton's. At half past ten a cab drove up to the drior, and two closely- veiled ladies rapidly alighted They were abour. to knock, but I had been at the sitting-room winnow, and opened the door in time to admit them quietly. v Asking them to be seated, I waited silently . i for whatever they proposed submitting to | me. ' ' . | The maid was the first to draw up, her veil, lurid sheprocfeeded veryiritelligerit tb tate' /the aa: I already "khfewiK/-bhfc bfeirigff oily J | -ware- of thevcriite of. tiriie' lad ; pre??nt aB WelLas'to myself;',! said :: ' : ' You will pardon my seemiug abruptness, as Price. I Cpncltfde' hkt yon '"consider Mr : Arcnibald Oarin.iri'rtlinoceut of the crioiri with Winch he iwo tanr>d If yptr wiah trie fri he of any service co:yon-r«4nd him — you muse confide in me completely. At the same time hop yoa: will understand that I do not r court your confidences.' .v r ; - . There was a pause,, anid , at , last . the lady ended it by suddenly raising her veil and dis playing a most beautiful face Policmen are like o hermeo, h«" far as " appreciation of hearity goes. Mies Taunton was pale from eicitstueriv and her large dark eyed fairly glowed from the same cause, and from a different but equally unmistakable emotion. ' I will confioe in vw/she said, decisively, in a low but wonderfully pleasant voice. ' My cousin is incapable ot . committing the crime of which he has been accused.' She then, at Considerable length, explained that the accused ySptig officer was of a sunny and genial disposition . that he had never been brought up to view life in a "very serious W iy ; arid that if be played deeply and backed horses indiscreetly, : it w&a; more from thoughtlessness than ' innate extravagance and viciousness that he erred. ' In addition to this,' she proceeded j 'be has all alorg been l-d to believe that he would be, in a sense, heir of his uncle, my fathpr.' 'Pardon me,' I interrupted ; " Ikoow that Mr. Tauntoo has n© Bona, but I fail to under stand how Mr. Girrington could expect to become his uncls'B heir while the latter had a daughter.' See riowed her fine head at this somewhat rude speech ; but it was necessary for. the euds I had in. view, and I could not s:&re; her and do my duty. Her fine face was deeply dashed when she raised her eyes to mine, and without another word I. understood the secret clearly, which I had already half- divined." V The fact is,' I continued, 4 there existed, until some of Mr. Carrington's excesses were discovered! a Kind of family understanding that he should ultimately marry you, Miss Taunton?' =Sfce bowed. 4 Now we come near the point which I must have made clear if I am toprove fhis young gentleman's innocence — if: he is inno cent. Do you know if he has any enemies ?' ' I know of none. ' His nature' is s» open .and sunny, that hiB can have formed no enemies.' : 'Just so. I am pretty well satisfied on that point myself, and I xegret that I am once more compelled to enter upon ce.icate ground. 1 am sure you cannot feel offecded at simple official inquiries, which remain un known ti all the world but myself. Other gentlemen have doubtless aspired to the honour of an alliance with you. Miss Taun- ionr ' Uh, yea,' she replted, almost hurriedly; 1 but no one, I felcertain, who could Cescend to the terrible crime of endeavouring to ruin a fellow creature for such a purpose.5 . Ah, Miss : Taomon, you canuot know human nature as I know it 1 But you can avoid the pain of a. further pursuance of this subject if you mention the names of some, of your more favoured suitors!' ' And submit them to the BKtveillance of the police ? Never V 4 As you please. Permit rare 'to remind ycu that it is the liberty— perhaps the life— of an innocent man that is at stake. That man is young — your own cousin; and if I am not mistaken he has deeper .claim upon your affections , than . mere relationship would entitle him to.' Miss Taunton hung her head again for a few seconds, and then said, in a low voice : My father has for eotne time favoured the suit of Captain Briscoe, arid he has been much at our house lately.' -Thank you,- I proceeded 'And now when your father asked for a portrait of Mr, Carrington, you sent me the oldest und least perfect of all you: had in your possession ; you did not wish me to arrest him. At present it . appears .to be my duty to . arrest him ; but we people recognise a higher duty than arresting merely Buspected persons. Our highest and first duty is to clear- the innocent and find out the guilty. If I am:to be of service To Mr. Carrington I must be able to fiod him. To find him easily I must have a better likeness of him than this and I handed the carte to her. 1 'I trust in you unreservedly,' she said, as she drew a heavy gold necklet aod locket from her neck. Touching a spring m the latter, it opeued and displayed the 1 counter feit likeness' of one of the brightest faces I ever saw. The expression was perfectly joyous, frank, . and ingenuous. Being a beautiful work of art, I had the exact colour of the hair and of the eyes. The former was bright golden- yellow, while the latter were of a strange ligbt-blue or grey hue that gave a peculiar appearance to the whole man. It seemed, even in the portrait,- as if those, joyous, transparent eyes could be wonderfully weird under a change of mood, and this prepared me in some degree for the remarkable occurrences that followed. Past II. I was not surprised that Lieutecant Archi bald Carrington did not face bis accusers. The harsh treatment received from his uncle led him to believe, rio doubt, that he would find no favour there.4 It was, of course, very apparent to me that he was not ooly very boyish and easy-going in his way of living, but not yet blessed with any great strength of mind. Before entering the police, I had been in the army myself, and, as fortune wou'd have it, on more than one occasion my regimens and the regiment to which Mr. Carrington belonged shared the samequarters in d iffererit garrison towns. Having been troop-tergeant- major of my old corps, I had no difficulty in renewing old acquainceships with the eergeauts' mess at H — — . It is ueedlesa to say that. I took no one into my confidence regarding my business or my new calling. I was 'engaged in a warehouse in the City» enjoying a very late holiday'— for October was far advanced. There1 was only one opinion regarding poor CarringU>n in the regi rnent. He was foved and pitied, bat helieved guilty— in the eetiee that he was supposed to . have: succumbed :to -a sudde R; temptation- The younger officers, f_w-|ro wrefhte . |U|9Ke:.$mB|pdi»jbe companions, r defined iojcredi|; that he.evr tampered. >vjth the cheque, because be wag nothing of ri pri- man, apd had rieverheen kpown to talk of the : ingenuity of some people in couriection with handwriting, . I took rip riay quarters at the Wellington Inn,. -which as kepc by afo old compiviiob1 iu : arms ; but u good deal oi .my: time v-ds «pi>nt in the billiarciroom of the sergeants' mess in the barracks. . _ y « One nigric we were visited by;a clo isness of atmospherg. that wqula noj: .ave be u out 6f j ib tbieTiibJe. "degves5 f tmiEhrin srjrarile's with a friend, arid he was about toTightThe ga$i vrhei he was called away. Te gas%ill orily-make Iheplace hotter," I reraferked. ? Ler» ye rihfciJ yiori return.' -All rght,5 he crifedv AS Jhe hurried out, I sat down on the windqw. seat, and was ; boor nearly failing asleep, n ; Presently, how ever, i ns, aroG8ed- by ; voita, heue&iri; me, jIieedi;':ih.,tB epeaers.. liad coraete- ihaC Frit becrise a quiet tecese was created there by the dembiitibfa of a temporary shed. ' I think I've got news of 'your governor/ the first speaker said. 4 You don't say eo f ' I do. That's the reason I axed yon out o' the canteen. Look here. I U bet yon say Chat's his handwriting and the speaker held out a letter to his companion. ' It is, I'd know it la a thousand. . The poor youog ielloW ! Where can he be? You haven't given it to tbe capvairi pet 1 ,'f 4 No ; bot I know where Lieut enact Car- ringVon is fivr all that/ 1 Yoti'do'?'- ( ;- I do. Cari'fc you read the postmark ?' 4 Ab, of course ! Let's eee. Tt'e Hiugston/ 1 Kingston's not far from here. I'll bet he's written to the guv 'nor to meet him there.' ' If he has you'll let me . know as soon aa you can f If I could only manage I'd try to over an eee him, for he's been a good maetss tome. / ' The beBt master in the regircpnt,' returned Captain 'Briscoe's man. ' My devil is getting worse an' worse every day.' The speakers now slowly returned to the door of the canteen, and I clearly recognized the two men who had been pointed out to me bb the servants of the suspected Camngton,, aud the gentleman to whom he had given ths> ' doctored- cheque/ ; I resolved to be present at the meeting of the gentlemen, ifa meeting was what the letter proposed. Falling that, I should endeavour to find Mr. Carrington myself in his new retreat. \- I had just come to this conclusion, when & great volume of fire seemed to hu rat oat of ths heart of the mass of leaden: clouds hang ing overhead. This was followed by such » heavy peal , of thunder as I haye seldom heard in England and . then, - ais the rain came pouring down in toirerite, I. saw a dark figure a teal, from the very /spot where the military ..Servants" had been/standing and hurry towards the barrack gates' Looking out, I beheld a deserted sentry-box, behind which a man could easily hate concealed him self. Who could the third pereon.he ? > Was the City detective on the same track ? Nothing more likely.: -.He , knew, nothing of .Miss Taunton's belief, etc., andiWonld doubt less arrest the runaway officer on sight. A.cd then I began -to ask myself if .that was not my duty also. " The more I poridered the less easy I became in my mind. My duty plainly was to arrestthetnanupon whose track I had been set. I was not supposed -to put myself up in the -place of the judge- who, should inevitably try birii. . It would be, for the jury to say ' Guilty'?or+ ' Not -guiUy/ And yet, after all, I could ndt.get Mise Taanton'siace out, of mymind, nor. the pleadiug-toneB of .her yoice out of my ears. ,A fine, officer I WW becoming ! Priva: e policemeu are specially warned to be cautioriB 6f fsfriile irifluehce. Under the influerce bf these coriiiderations, I felt inclined to hurry at brics to Kingston and attest the culprit. Then I almost resolved to return to > Losdono at 'once and teave the whole matter in the hands of the City officer, . , No, I would he 'done,' by no rival, and so I concluded to follow my original plans. An hoar elapsed ,before, the thuDderstorm passed away, arid,, during The whole of the tiaie, the lightning Hashed and the' thunder rolled in a manner that was truly appalling. The rain came down incessantly, arid at times perpendicular layers- or sheets -of opaque water came sweeping across the barrack-yard. The wind began to howl in seeming , emula tion of the artillery of the heavens, arid alto gether the night was such a etormy one that I felt satisfied do one would endeavour to go to Kingston that night \ . Next morning the gate . w&b; somewhat abated, but the rain still cams down with a regularity that Tendered speedy cessation hopeless. The barrack-yard- was washed perfectly bare rtheritreets were equally clean, but the sewers, and The gutters were flooded, and the river . was not only overflowing its backs, but rushing with fearful rapidity .sea- ; ward t», hearing u ppn its clay-coloured surface aU kinds of wreckage, from carcaseB. of bullocks down to cats and dogs, and from the framework of bumble houses to numberless fragments of all kinds of timber and wicker- wo(k. I pent the most of the morning with The sergeant in charge of the canteen, but nothing of interest to me occurred until noon, when 1 was thinking of approaching Captain Briscoe's servant in some more direct' manner. Just then he came in with Mr. Carrington'B man, and f aid : 1 J uat as I thought ! Thegov'nor's ordered his dogcart for half-past three; He says he's going if it thunders and lightens aBitdid last night-/ 1 To the same place that we thought about ?' Yes, the same.' . ' Are you going with him V ' No ; he always takes his groom for such distances ' ' I wish I could, change with BUI. 4 No cbauce. The governor's temper is unbearable. He smashed his clock this morning because he forgot to wind it up last liighr.' I did not wait for more. My friend the landlord of the Wellington .had a nice trap and a smart cob, bo 2 went and arranged to have them out thap af teruoon. I started -about a quarter-past three, and went leisurely along the road, notwithstand ing the wet. I never travel far without my waterproofs, so I was quite comfortable, when I heard wheels in n.y rear.' I kept jogging on; -arid presently glanced behind, to find a tall dogcart, drawn by a fine horse homing speedily. Along. Behind this high stepper sat a tall, dark gentleman, who held the reins Tit . the most approved manner. . I -was- anxious : to hear whatever might be sald,ud. was rachejrje&sed; tofind that Capjria Jtlrteri-,TfAs';|ja the babit of speaking as1 if , he tfas; frie head ofhis troop in Tlih best rif an eirgageDjent. 'Sii ; j Aa tpti dofetcrept steadily>aiOng1 1 heard hiin sttiohiarorim r -"'.vVO-i;- .. 4 We will pull upavthe Bowling: Green. ban. . You : will .- leap: <tiowh -and order a glass of brandy mid wsta«? for . me, v and when yon have, hiought -Tt.5 iifciSteaU- Tn.lho As f ».he , »le ' a. tlir pomTlihe cari-a'ri pkus Tmsnediately hedrewAhsad he'esumed: 'Yoa will find an rinimed Skittle aloy The youngster was to .wiut for me there, enough; a«l inonMsea m eod, 1 began lib k; t&w.; 1 ah&& -of the! c$gtAii« 110 w" Permit anything ips pass' ftiin on the road which he had .pace ; passed, soaUY could dp was to keep rijtJjWf. Speed -auad doesr- tabreiid what is tnoaly called ? the chapter of accidentals it.. : SEgKriraF JUMP teH'?# put UOge ! -- „ . t jr; i-.Hf. i> i I wa £ jiiretD &f; tJ#hp JBadt akvatThrije miles'to tittd theptftih draWj up . in front' bf» rhidSidW- tnaf" /SifibrHis horse, did not want - water, it rwasevidsnt that the; captain himself T-eqoired brandy, i I; took edvauf.age.of; thedel.iytO'Rass.aud, jane© put - of sight,, ; .ppt my- cob -to his,' heat speed, .and tK i.s I Iceptp until /T'jreaiphjpd the iBowlina; G i/ifn tnijwhefiB , X , decided '$>.' stay -and, - f =Vr' fcery lifiiejrb ih (getting in traSne peh "s pacq bbtWdehifche fence an$i., the wall tof the fch&tcheil; skitfcfe sUeyv and, immediately benfeathftn Open window,iu through whichl could cUmb with the greatest s ease were itneceasary: for me to intrude upon ; tbfrgentleiaem >?. on?-j o? Ly.-?. ! i !ih;<<s > . Presently fI, heard:, i thestep -of epmeone spundhppaewopdd%skittla alleys , Jfcwas,. nodonbt the man whom X was pngaged to; capture; had yet I cdpild not ffioVeuntil I had heaxdsbimething of What debarred between h i >n and'tfiis 'peculiarly sktdfmne; captain This delay ''caused' t&d;: ohe- bf lthe greatest ; surprises of-' my - w hole career," - wad ,1 : very - much/doubt if ever ; another officer was ;.«o mncb astounded in the same way. Alter a brief delay -a second -parson wee i heard. ; This was the groom. S<-:y- ' Glad to . see you we.il, sir,' said the latter. 1 Captain; Briscoe is outside, and wiU he hero ' immediately.' " ." /; I f All right, "William/ returned the fogitiyej in a voice that seemed a intereatiDg and nnusual as bis -000(1108. 1 1 Drink my health, ; there's a good fellow/and teUBxifecoe not to delay. - ; ., : ;... I heard the man depart, and presently &- heavier, mote regular tread was : heard upon the graveU : Then the rickety alley literally creaked under the heavy footsteps ; Ah, Camugtont.hpw. are jou?' drawled the , newcomer. Can I dbahy thlngforyou ?' ' Can yotiuak ? cried the other, id a broken-, voice. " You, and ytm alone/cm clear my name and honour ofthe foelest, moat un natural, ftndme&tiest; of crimes. Sarely you can tell where that accursed piece of paper was from she rime when I handed it to you on Sunday morning and- the hour yon; paid it into the. bank?' ! I I scarcely see the! object of your inquiry, ' Said Captalti Bfitcoe. ' The' cheque lay in my pocket4book all the .time.' ' Impossible 1' cti«d Carrihgtbu, almost fiercely.- ' You knowthe cheque I gave you: was «m ply for one <hubdr(& pounds.: ?-Some- one must have tampered » ith it, since you are ipcapabienf aucliao cfc yourself. X- :r ' Pardon met I cannot see - the , object of such a aiatecuent Tfie cheque you gave me r was fpr. oaa tboa8snd pounds,r and by its pkyment jon took up an T 0 XT of the same amount. " Don't y.qu see, if " some one," as yotr say. had tampered with the cheque while it waS iii my po8ke33i6a that I would not be likely to pay ni a elrp of paper I thought worth only bue hun'lred poands for ten rimes > . the&monnfc-K; t -j.-.i :'-q Richard.- Briscoef I was i told by a d ossen fellows to avoid you as; I would - avoid the- de viL - 1, see it aiL I am your- dtxpe— your victim— and toq iace; I know the stake for whidfr ypn.7iaye;.Vq..|>pldly; isd villainously played.; Cowardly . scoundrel, hypocrite, , forger, atfdlfarj beairsn willye!t avenge me F I was preparing- fcb leap in and prevent -a serious" e:hCountor;i when I was amazed by hearmga strabge voiceaay ' No cae using any vio'lence, young eir. T he case is clear enough, and I arrest yon in the Queen's name; - >. \ ?-. . i» I hesitated no longCff, but of course wss; too late. I found Carringtoh in casta dy of Inspector Hamer, of the City, who shouted ' I score this tf me, -Lockhairt !' The prisoner was deathly pal$;:and his Hght- coloured eyes had notr the strange, weird bx- preesion in them I have spoken of before.: 8t!iI,iih:f4c8Va( » much more; pleasant one th:-m-that,of Gap£ain. Briscoe, who stoodin the > e r ail door scowiiag, andrimly. triumphant. I Eaoaght /tben. ae X think now, that any stuoent of human nature would have judged tLe eapcain the guilcy party, and the yetlow- fa>.rred, bbyish'-looking prisoner As innocent of e crime as a chtid in/arms. - : I felt- vejy bitter- about1 my defeat, but > ne vorth alees determlhedto accompany Jiamer d the prisoner to London. . . . Vvhen we reached London Bridge the storm \ h&d; increased;. in violence again ; the river w is dooded,; bWmg the cellars of low-lying - housss in South London., and, high water just beiog.past, we. could see that the tide wr/sj running out with terrible force. The prisoner rias hot handcuffed, for ha wi s the gantlesfcof men; Upon being arrested ; h i said he was glkd the7 suspense wa3 over ; ruiit he was innocent, and that he was sure . Heaven would prove it in its own time. and. WVy»=V- ; . -.v-, Xne moon was shining through the heay masses of careering, iaky ciouds when t5=o cab reached Loudpa Bridge. Hamer would' "persist lii my Accompanying him tptbe ? police fetation to |hare in the responsibility 06 the arrest, vthd kftCri "a little Conaideration I ; thought it Would be Wisest for the to.,do?80.. He was just telliog me how he came or the meetiagplace at the Bowling. Green Inn. .'j ":-;r It eeems.he had watched and avoided me Since I had gone down to .g >», Hp Jhad the- ser vants of Briscoe and Carrington .pointed fiat to bin and followed them closely about . He was In cariteOn with a friend when . he heard tbe captaia'fl man whiBper to the oTher to IfciTOuhd to the ehd bf the building He had done So, and havi&g; bidden- At. I supposed, behind theeentry-boz, ihe had over- . heard ali>I had heard riom the billiatdroom ;vrindow,-' 1 u. f -,V- ' If ecfc uacpipg, on 4pein? Captain Biieooe enter the mess, he boldly 5 r<went r ctoi « htay quarters. and, finding hia servant im tbw sit iagriKen, ssked bjui.to go.f6r his master. Ke told V-m hot to hurry; ae be had pleetjr of < ; time; ga He hirii ahilBbg fbr'htg 'dnifi-iud6 iri hiM absence be fminu Cirrington'a letter, namiog- the Sklftle ailey sfetbe -place of aopointnoefit : and t he : tiifae as five Or s ab out that rime— information whicbLXpckily; gofe ca ;tj»e road fawos # oaptain'a didn't) wait Xor Briecoea retqrn, or fpv ttift kernel rwh apd «»#. IWSgin«; The "Cab hod ' Collided wfth if heavilydaden Car off foriwb«er had come off, arid our horse Was struggling among the feet <of the «»ther two; ' Then came the mpar tragic occurrence rist amder riM> Ores of over <i 0c«»re rtf peoplew . UayringtOA naa the first to disriigsge himielf- Item the wreck of the Icvir-wfaer. MaUr W'oi lamp vm.i aM leap upon w one of he seats of lb recess, sod ttten ploope gam.tbew|a #"1 nfefPRfafS! I 9mJmfwme wBporeajust, v bfrimfy .h A; would.qeyer tp keep, kni&t; riyflweas; ;>6 »dt — '--piWiri:''1 " — .. v , s- < T r tOLtar A JLAA-«> >'' . ?JL" disfigifredbody, .of a y,ouDg ,gentVemati /was, found" a lew tjda s arir.wards,'; but fise . ,raunton,; wbobad Vbeaid ilje-' YfittihlqV.stti' jara tpd ill to.' take any ,meastLrg8 x$pnjriph? ii 4 A-' tehior ,;<derik t ripm.thqjulk , ' . j&ui;, 1$ though . bg frieed- ibeMmainkO jbu'Grfgtbr the jyJioXe ' Tt1kVosiudpnsnfq<oy. JM- tbeless,, bej;wgi'rbatigd death . & Six mouths passed, and I , wag. ouch mere. ju'riy-ifCd ctp receiyh ;a"eummojds..frojn|;/ Tauntpn. /WAB/evld'enriy-c hfs ebu 4'aud it wodi>eiioBsihlk "tQKJrm Cbla. 'fWA8'4n"jjp.rCllhindr X iU was jseatcd AS; Jfv ioudd hinl before, . hu|ius stputXrme had dbioeaunt AhChihVhis grayloautrjariftk 1 and whitu.his pale'skin shconkep and/pa&b-; (hehtriook ... ' I hay giyen orders-.toHave ; touBauaa ql bills! pripted nd distributed, cering .pac .Jiundre,d uhamrdibt, , the apprehiBion <»f my nephew.' Archibald Carriiton. I ? ' .. ' But hejs dead,: sir, and the law ik HUtia-. .aed.';,.; , ; i;z- J",":; ., 'Bat I api noj' the old- man'! paid. tain you pnee more. to fin d him, You wdl find moy enough. there -for your expenaps fcr;sik;monthV . and.he. handedipe a chequer . .l have written to the.Uominxpfnmer for per-, mission to retaiu you for the length of time named. I have asked him atfed tp permit you to plaim the re wacd df one hmidred pounds;; for that you will find him L am certaioMi' as certaiu . that we both sit here.' 'v- . Of eouree I ' reported all thia to' head quarters,, and was instructed to act inno way, as - doubriesB the bid gentleman had- bcien driven/ insane by ' the tragic end of his neidiew. 1 r . ""t: The search- -whs fated not to end here, however. Most people, no doubt, remtember eome'paTagraphs that went tbe round Of the - papers about the time- of which I am epeak- -ing. They1 5 were ' ' usually -Headed"' 4 ""The \- Regimental GabsT.' and spokeuf kome young - officer who, having died tragically, was in the ' habit of vieiriog hjs Old Comrades in tbe form of a spirit.> -He was sotaetrmes -seen g£ziftg i sadiy in at the. mess-room window ; atothets slowly descending the staircase of the quarters : he -once occupied ; .himself - iu , ;H-— and several times he was -beheld out in the modn- J light in the hariack-yardl . ;-/t j£t wA-s nPJK'Phasq came, over the ;fcotyi-! The regiment we removed- to Aiders hot, ahd on the third night.-of their staphe appdtiriop gazed iuat -the wiodow of the mestbut -rir the North Camp. IlisIoTmer comrades; saw ; hiosad, paie-blue ej-es a q d : ;>yav:n g Velio w hpirvery_ distiticcly .arid, the matter had & great effect upon /ail. 0«w officer, however, 'Captaia; B— -7, .jwho .-Jsat right- .Opposite -thO ; window was iSOxcited:. that he had ' -ad Opi- > lepticfit, and Ewas now seriouriy I ! Miss Taunton, the ghost of her former . radianteelf, .visited xne that night, auddreW my attention again to these -pararapha, ; .ending with the aseuranoe of her beHef . tEkt her ooasin waa still alive. And thai lj; Was he himself who was haunting his oM re|V- ment . , ; i1" . I then told: her all that occurred between Mr. Garrington . and Captain Briscoe in/fhe " ©kittle alleyoof the Kingston innv - " - ; 'I know my coasin is innoctnfe,' cried tlib: yoangladyi r' Captain Briscoe thougtrfc to re- move a rival for my hand; but - the suppoBed .death of my.couein gavB me an excue fbr hot aeeing hiciiigain.' ' r -.u- 1 . 'ivI oekHphecase once more.-: - I wehtffqwn to Aldershofc. and fo ond t hat Briacoe's ijpKpers" hd been sene im The ' ghost3 was Attributed jto be lhe caueenf his resignation, j. J 1 . ! \- I follpwed him to town that night, ' and saW him.entera gambling hell near BiCcadtHy,: the owner. of which had been > An EperViu Handwritingofonce.- connected-switH pcWpf' OUT metropolitan.: polidercourts. He' had,n however, gone to prison f or a serious offehije; and had /lived am gambling ever eihce jhi3 release...:,: 5:p >-<-« t : Captain Briscoe opened the private dopr" with- » pass-key. - He; and Da. . rMorliepvil Im were friends —perhaps partners. ; My' ideaa"" were rapidly, formed and acted upon, c ' : I taug and.asked for the proprieter. Aso ir. a T Was seated Irsaidi V ; " 'lam :a police officer, anclif. ydudesite leniency of treatment, ou . will make- a cleati breast of whatyou kno-v . ot< taesehquethat was altered here m last.Gctober. 3 " ; ; " The fellow began to bluster, butt stow! j" brew my. ' bracelets' from.my pocket,- a a y iti g": 'Tiknqw.y.ou' are not the. principal in the -case, and therefore gave joju-jtaqvoppox iunity s;iV ,, Wulyom»dmit mefro Queen s hvidehh; and I will teU; all ?? cried: -the suadreli cri nging. mm e.di ate ly before , nay ratiddUf1 .-h9t8.r',a?- :j.,j .y;: ft?:':" :' 's;5. -?' t VX,promieqyoju. rnot'hipg, ' I raarocohSly. . If i jou.are /.not the principal, hio we¥r/ :ybh; " havebot rnu'jh jtofear. -;. ; \- That gave him , coafitl enqe. o : HjPchdb.'d /dean .btetiss of it. Brrscoq t daibedf jhilqai to, al-er the cheque, assuring? hem; offence would cot -r be eerions, iBTncehe heyerr intended to draw the money irw" ':( ' I called the policeman - on;:thb beaf, ,.wbh sentme his sergeant. We entered the jehief \- saloon, where crtrie ' 'atid baccarat " were going on. Approfichins Cfiiptaio Briscoe I said that :£ should like to fepeak to blffi" m.the nqxt room. Herow tthU 'look 6t " prb& tahgef on his - flushed face, btrt tha t - i rh m ed i a tely -changed to/fear, apprehfenalOoV mnd horrbri 'ami hoarsaly shouting, Agaiuag!ii\V, f&T; writhing" in agony, 'ringed plentifully with HtooS;' isBded frohi ; !S,f 'idi Tnfmng, I saw, not . the apparihgh. ol nnystop himself— paiq,/ thmt ewacimd, and mel&ncholy-kmking-; «He:'h«d urvl,¥|a the, dfap into Xhe river, having hung jap dBHnni taStSMf: ohseev»d>amLdrow himtnto hi8 liba>. bte, HadHhehntt enough to get itito a pakaffcer ? reWal:dihig'thei good thftti, and, driving .tbth'e. Habb'elornhrfljers of « rerifMvfelloW/officerk AShU»lraNi' clxt.miAa idap; hanut J5rt«c»m4ike - and toe plan hndoubtedly served i ts.pprppse. _ ;I tobk'njto MSS TAnfoii's that-nighlT. €sptHiqf Htiscoe remainea under qhee care -a Rt? , George's :Hosp-.til for/fourfxiajs, ..when.hr recovered consctoosuess aufficienriylqng; - o« c mf«ss hisiiguitt erj't ;th¥ mereehary-:objeq|; Ivnes cocht; quietly muriedi and ae be aisatsed bei "Op cbecphtinsat . alX the evibpstr was for- . udreAppuds. r#fd, and own ihlomemi cfes as . the fffio®,. wppimft [?] 