.Traveller. Celestial Oddities--Thc Chinese wear white during the periods of mourning, never black. They whiten their shoes with chalk instead of blacking them, and mount their horses from the off side. The men in China wear the petticoats, while the women inva- riably wear pantaloons. Men run the dress- making and millinery stores, and every man carries a fan, either in his hand or tucked in the collar of his dress behind the neck. Women smoke on all occasions. When a man bas suffered an injury at tbe hands of another and desires revenge, instead of killing his offender bc kills himself, believing that the man whom he bates will bc held accountable for his death, and will be fearfully tormented by demons in this world and in the next. If a Chinaman wishes to especially honor any- one, he assigns him to a standing or sitting position on his left band. Instead of a Japan- tsc woman compressing ber. feet as her Chinese sister does, she bas a custom far more disgusting. They naturally hare fine teeth, but when a woman marries she is compelled by custom to dye her teeth black, which pro* cess is repeated every few years. The effect is hideous in the extreme. ' The most import ant article of a native woman's dress, is the obi, or sash. This is usually of costly mate- rial, and is tied behind in a huge bow with the strictest care. When a Japanese woman becomes a widow and signifies her determina- tion never ta marry again, she ties the obi in front. They seem to smoke all the time. Thc tiny Japanese pipe contains but two or three whiffs, and as the tobacco ia rolled up tightly in thc fingen before it is inserted, thc ash when shaken out is a small fireball, from which a second pipe is lighted. At a Japan* esc feast thc same cup is passed from hand to band, each person rinsing it in a bowl of I water after using and before ottering it to another. The lowest class of Japanese are buried in a squatting position, in a sort of barrel. It is a mistake to suppose that the burying of the dead is universal in Japan. The rich and the noble are buried in square coffins, thc body being partially preserved from decay by filling the nose, cars and mouth with vcrmillion. After death the person receives a new name. This name is Okwuna " or the accompanying name. It is customary on accasion of the first visit toa boase to carry a present to the owner, who gives something of equal value on returning the visit. Cats in Japan are found with stumps where there should bc tails. Some- times this is thc result of art, and sometimes the course af nature. AU the temples .of Japan, as well as of China, hare guests* apartments, which may be secured for a con. sideration, either for a short or long period of time. It is wrong/to suppose that there is any desecration of a sacred shine for the par* pose of using it as a hostelry ; it is the cus- tom of the country. Thc practice of suicide by disembowelling is of great antiquity. On entérine: a Japanese house the native re- moves ¡bis sword, leaving only his dirk. The rooms of the house arc divided by paper screens, which form partitions, and they may be made into one room at will. Dynamite for Sharks*-There arc not many ways of destroying this bated and dreaded sea-tiger. To harpoon it needs a practised eye and a canning band; more- over :tfae vessel shonld be at anchor or be- calmed and the shark stealthily moving within reach of thc harpooner's, muscle. The lamp of beef or pork, the large hook con- nected by a chain to the line, tbe adroit paying ont of the bait in the true spirit of malignant coquetry - these are the old fashioned and still enduring devices, which have been thc reason of many thousand of the sailor's abhorred enemy giving up the ghost, and then returning to the deep in mutilated fragments, to serve as food for lither sharks. Hat, unhappily, this method of fishing is not sure. The creature often escapes af ter gorging thc hook. To make bis destraction certain it is necessary to blow him np ; and this has lately been per- formed with such great success as not only to entitle those who undertook the business to the applause of tbe seafaring world, bat to invite earnest imitation whenever oppor- tunity suffers imitation to be possible. The story has been thus related: A ship was lately laying off Port Xatal.when several hage sharks, some of them exceeding fifteen feet in length, were observed sweeping nader thc vessel's counter and along ber sides. A hook was baited and thrown over- board, and was immediately swallowed by one of the biggest of the sharks, which quietly cut thc linc with bis teeth, taking no further notice of it. The following stra- tagem was then hit upon : Thc breast of a buck that was rather '-high,"and the fitter bait in consequence for sharks, who cannot be regarded as very nice in their eating, was weighted that it might sink : and inside of it there was placed a hand charge of gun cotton, the whole being connected by a wire with an electric battery Xo sooner bad the venison reached the watei than the shark made straight for it, hui jost as he opened his mooth to swallow thc bait thc charge was exploded, his jaws behn; completely shattered. The monster tarnee on bis back and sank in the bay. Here is i satisfactory assurance that there is one sharl less in the sea, though such is this fish's ex traordinary tenacity of life that, had tb shark not made a sure death sign by turnin; on its back and quietly sinking, the blowin¡ away of part of tho bead would not hav persuaded those who knew thc creature's vi tality to feel sure that he was dead. Cat ¡ shark iato pieces, and like fragments of th everlasting worm', each piece will go on pub ing with a hideous instance of life. Cashmeres Capital and Its People. Cashmere, which has jost been devastated by au earthquake, is a kingdom in the north- west part of India, including thc vale of Cashmere, made famous by the poet Moore. Seringur, thc capital, has a population of about one hundred and thirty.livc thousand. lt extends about four miles along both sides of a deep und placid stream, about three hundred feet wide. From its delightful situation and innumerable canals, Seringnr ba? been called the Venice of Asia: bat thc city is. for thc most part, extremely filthy. The houses, which arc generally dclapiatcd, arc built of thin bricks, with timber frames! many of them three stories higb. Sixty thousand people can worship in the mosque. Thc capital is the centre of thc shawl manu- facture of Cashmere. Thc men are ta'I, robust, well formed, and industrious ; the women famous for their beauty and fine complexions. They ara a gay people: fond of pleasure, literature and poetry, but are represented by many tra- vellers as peerless in cunning and avarice, and notoriously addicted to lying. Notwith- j standing the beauty of their vale, tbe popu- lation, since thc beginning of the present century, has been reduced from eight hun- dred thousand to two hundred thousand by pestilence, famine, and earthquakes. L'nde'r the treaty of Lahore, in 1810, the I'.ritish government came into control, but immedi- ately sold the country for £730,000. The present ruler, by a compact made at ¿ne time of thc purchase, is to bc assisted hf thc British in defending himself nga'aal bis enemies. Children Lose'in Weicht.-Doctors say that mothers who take prfde in the weight of their newly born chi dren, should weigh them as soon as possible after birth, t'bil dieu lose their wei«htd«ing thc lirst three days of life, and thc los.- sometimes amounts to'twelve ounces or m>rc. It takes them nearly a week to regain the weight they had at the lime uf birth?. A timid fjhinamandineil with the y.-»ni¡;r ladies of Mtv Holyoke Seminary a frw wi-'ks since. His laconic rer«arl; at leaving w:ie : - 1 '' Too much pbiutygirl," 