THE COLONEL'S DAUTGHTER. CHAPTER XVIII. A GHOST r01 A. GUEST. AT this minute, Jane appeared at the door, and beckoned mademoiselle out. A.t any other timne Mademiisell Iita would not-have gone; but the girl's sudden appearance seemed. to hor to betoken that'shehadinformation of some kind to convey, and made nmoiselle's fears made her veryobedient. ,' Well,' she said, standing on the th~ieshold, with eyes which, as, Janeo .expressed it afterwa.ids, glared like a at's in the dark, ' what do you want ?' ::' Just come outside, so as Miss Alice canoit hear.' Mademoiselle complied, trembling; and no sooner was she safely on the lahding, than Jane locked Alice's door quickly, and pocketed the key hii triumph. :.Sho was a stout-made country ghirl, with an honest, good- tempered face, and a formidable antagonist, if only from her bulk and determination. ' Now,' she said, with a resolute air, ' the very next time you come worriting my young mistress, you shall repent it from the bottom of your heart !' 'Jane,' exclaimed the other, shiver Thg with rage, ' how dare you speak to me in that way ?' 'There's a great deal more I shall dare to say if you urge me, ma'm'sell, and so I tell you.' ' You shall leave this house this very day, you insolent person !' screamed ?he Frenchwoman. 'Only wait till the Colonel comes home, and we'll see who's mistress here ! Give me the key of MLiss Cameron's room, ,:and go and pack up yo.ar ilothes this minute ' '?o, ma'm'selle !' answered Jane, sturdily. 'ThenI will send the men servants to carryyou !' 'No, ma'm'selle, :you won't!' 'You shall se! IDod;ou think I will submit -to such. impertinence ? Get out of my sight directly3!' But Jane sctood firm and, moreover, there was that look,in her eyes which showed power, as n ell as menace. \- Mdemoiselle, drew, back, baffled and quivering with rage. . '- I will send foi' the constable, and have you taken into custody, if jou don't quit these premises in an hour from this timet !' ' It would e diangerlus ' to have the. constables back, ma'mn'selle. Perhaps, if they came for me;:thev might make a mistake, and.take.you3!' Miadcimoisell' s'head dropped, and shoe becamei as white! i's death[. But,? .uilddenly3 she- strhiglctened herself; and:l1azed defiannce'hnd scorn out of lier splendid eves upon the inmmovable Jane.- . W;hat could the girl.know ? And 'if she were to play3 the cowaryd like this, she woild convort a mere sus -ieion into a certainty, and betray herself. She constrained':l herself, ftherefore,- to speak with calmhness; . '? Really, Jane, -you speak ,very axtraordinarily. I cani't uniderhitand what you mean.' 'Never mindc' ahat .I mean, . but Slisten to what I sa.- M]istress sha'n't marry against her wishes for any body!' :: : ' Oh, Jane,' exclaimed mademoiselle, her hand pressed h-rd agaiust her side, 'you talk in such a dreadful way i' 'It isn't to be woridered at, for I aam sure this. is a- dreadfil house. Who'd have thought, nw, -6f :thht joor young man taking leave of us gervants at seven o'clock, and being dead. at twelve ? - Do you wonder at peoplo's talking dreadful after that ?' 'He must have committed suicide.' 'No,' said: Jane, cooiyl and de~ dllcdly ; 'he took too much coffee, to keep the cold out!' . Madomoiselle uittered a soft; cry, as if something had stung her to faint ness. ' AiO you sure that-he-took-any \--:t-all ?' she gasped out. . 'What did you see ?, Mademoiselle's voice was fainter than ever, and she tottered as if she were going to fall. SI saw Louis Lagrange sitting on a chair, in front of the fire, with you at his foeet. Then you .seemed to ask him something; and presently you got up, and put some coffee into a httlo French coffee-pot you had .on the table. Louis LagrTange turned maway his face, mnine was straight your wnay, and I found that when you sweetened the coffee you dropped a little white powder into the cup with theo sugar, looked at Louis to find out whether he had noticed you, and then handed him what you had prepared.' 'He did not drink it ?' 'Not then, but a few minutes later; and- But it is too terrible-I am sick !' said Jane. ' You, you dreadful creaturo! fawned on -:him whilst he drank !' - , The girl's ruddy face was pale, and her eyes were'full of tears. ' Poor man!- . If I had only known i~a timo---' - ' But how do you know now ?' asked tademoiselle, gathering together the remnant of her courage, and meeting Jane's glance with dim eyes. ' You have to prove what you assort before ,you can harm me.' * 'He.is dead! What better-proof is wanted? You know, ma'm'selle, that you would fare ill if I were to speak out.' S'I don't mean to deny that appear ances are against me; but I assure you, my dear Jane, I am quite inno 'cent.' S'Don't fawn over. me,' :said Jane, 'sifhaply, olj 6I sihall faincy I am talcing poison ! And niiov; hat do you say to ".iI am;sureI:couldi't do;itb:;.bulUt l 'Andyou'll leave my young misres ' 'I wouldn't disturb Miss C.Oameron for the world. Indeed, I had 'no idea that she was so delicate, or I wouldn't have gone near her to-day. Of courseg the marriage is'impossiblo :and if 'she doesri't wish. to :live' here, Coloiiel' Camei'on must make a; suitable :piro vision for her elsewhere.,: And now, surely, you ought to attend' to your young mistress, Jane; I'left her' very poorly. She .must ,have broth and jellies, and 'so on: I'll .toll 'Mrs. Friend- ' - Jane shook her head, arid shuddered. ' I make overything she eats, ma'm' selle, so it's no use ; and Mrs. IFriend is no friend of mine, nor anybody else's but yours, as I can find out. And now I'll go back to Miss Alice.' "When Colonel Cameron got to Equire Lowo's, he found this worthy old gentleman laid up with the gout. He sent down word that Colonel Cameron must- act without him, for, to save his life, he couldn't move a limb. The Colonel got back into the dog cart, and drove direct to Aylesford town. ;: The body of the murdered man had. been convoyed to. the inn, there, awniting the inqust, and the Colonel .vent in to .view it, accompanied by 'the two coa'nstables;.?- " " '? Sl Poor Louis's features bore a painful, aiixious expression, as if he had died in great agony,, and his hands were so ,closoly cleiiched :that the. nails pene trated the flesh. He lay on a kind of settle, with a sheet drawn over his face; and the old Colonel, who was not wont to be affected by such sights, felt himself' strangely moved as he gazed. Thenhebegan to question Markham, 'the constable. ' You said' a.gentleman fromthese: parts found' tho poor man ?' ' I did;, sir.' ' 3Whero is this gentleman?' 'He remains at the inn, sir, 'in order to give his evidence:, at: the:-, inquest :which is to be held.' 'I think, Markham; it woiuld'ibe better to seo tlihis gentlemnan:" - Sup-. posing you go and aslk hilim if he will do me 'the pleasure of joining me; and. jiist explain a little who and what I am.' 'Markham' went off on his errand,' and Col6nel Camoron adjournod to his. private room, where he found :"the. table laid, and everything in' an ad vinced state of prepaiation :,for the; lunch he had ordered. . ., The dishes'were brought in,aniid h' was just going to place himself wh6en the door opened slowly, as if the per-. son coming were rather reluctant to hnter ;,and the Colonel; iithouit ltoking, up, said courteously, You: are'just in' tirme, -sir; bho good :enoughto seat yourself inthe: opposite chair.': .. :.;, >; ;;Then he loobkeduplf6orthe'first ime, and the 0oyes of the two mienih met. \ i-"'Good0' :hieavens :!' e'iclaimed,' the' Colonel, springing, to his feet, and nearly upsettingtlihe table :'in his sur .prise; I thought you were dead !' 'And so I thought, too, at one time,' answered the other ,very i quietly; and sadly; ' but I have been resuscitated, as, you soo. No thanks, though, to Mademoiselle Rita.' The Colonel had been too astonished to be angry; but at the' mention of the Frenchwoman's name, he hardened suddenly' and remeinbered his old role. ' Mademnoiselle Rita 'is my future wife, and I cannot allow her to be spokhe ill'of 'inmy presence'.' : ' : 'In any case, Colonel Cameron, it is as well you should hear what I have to say privaytely, .instead of w'iiting until it is miade public.' * 'Made public! What do you meanii?' . 'I 'mean to say.. that. Mademoiselle Rita will hiay to ahnswer to me in a court of law for the inhuman fraud she perpetrated.'. " ' Speak '.sir; one fact is worth twenty hirits.,' i ' I am aware of that. ' You must forgive me if I am somewhat verbose. I have a long story to tell.' . ' My patience will not fail me, sir.' ; George Darsham gave, first of all, a brief account of the secret gambling house, and handed to the Colonel the' I 0, OU lho had received for the £10,000, which was signed in full, ' William Morice Benton.' ''Well,' said the Colonel, examin ing it with an indifferent air; ' what has this to do with the case ?' 'This much. The person who signs himself there, ' William Morice Benton,' is an accomplice of Made moiselle Rita's.' ' Proofs' sir, proofs !' thundered the Colonel. ' I saw them together at two o'clock one morning. I met her, besides, at his lodgings; and when I taxed her with this cruel complicity, she excused it, but did not attempt to deny it.' ' Who is the man Benton ? I know nothing of him.' 'Not under that name. I have lately ascertained that he is usually called Lord Moortown.' (To ble continued.) 