A Midnight I Shall Remember. .Jack Templeton had been m j closest friend in boyhood, was my cherished companion in the days of our early manhood at college, and my delightful correspondent daring the ten years that bari gone since the close of the happy period of student life. This corres- pondence bad not been the only communica- tion between ns, for we agreed, on the final leave-taking of our old college quarters, that visits on each other should be kept np, Jack setting aside at least two weeks in one year to be spent with me wherever I should be settled, and thc year following I was to visit him for a short season. This arrangement had been observed by both with punctuality and regularity, and we became well ac- quainted with each other's mode of living, occupation and surroundings. Jack was a physician in Greenwich. Anyone knowing him doling the character- forming period of his life would have marked him for a future physician. He possessed those traits of char- acter, those oddities of native disposition which mean strong individuality. He was dryly humorous in his ordinary conversation, canded in his intercourse with his acquaint- ances, cheerful enough on oce»>ou, ingenious in his estimate of i^opie, not by any means brilliant, bat studious and determined, espe- cially so when concerned in the investigation of subjects belonging to the obscure and hav- ing a dash of the mysterious. To him the Greek grammar and Latin construction were dull plodding, bat mathematics, and especi- ally the study of mental science and of those questions thc solution of which involves an exploit into the depths of psychology, were to him a genuine pleasure. Exploring thc mysteries of the human mind was that which made up the texture of his thoughts by day. and was apt to weave the fabric of his dreams by night. A trick of magic, no matter how obscure, did not interest him be- cause there was no pretence that its operation depended on anything but some- clever! mechauical contrivance or sleight of hand. Such things were lacking in that essential, the supernatural, which so absorbed his every thought. But an exhibition of mesmerism filled him with wonder,; for-he recognized in it the manifestations of the unseen workings of thc human mind, and much of his time was spent in the study of its strange pheno mena. It was his claim that could mesmer- ism become other than the ungovernable thing it now is and bc brought under the sub- jection of the human wili, it would prove not only a mighty aid in medicine and sur- gery, but would very likely afford an explan tioñ of those strange mental conditions which so puzzle the world to-day. Having-a mind thus fashioned it was thc most natural thing for Jack to take to medicine as a profession medicine in its broad sense, the enthusiastic study of which will gratify the thinking man in his search for light upon the intimate and the intricate relation of the human body to thc human soul. The newspaper field had been chosen by me as the one in which I would exploit what- ever of learning and energy and determina- tion I possessed, and at this time I was en- gaged on a morning daily in a vigorous pro- vincial town. It was Jack's year to visit me, and thc time being at hand when he might be looked for I had completed the few preparations about my bachelor belongings which his coming would make necessary, so Iwas not surprised when just at twilight one evening in July he came in upon me, sitting alone, in meditative mind, in my second-story flat apartments. Not surprised, I say. At the time, trnly I ? was not. I remember|he date of his coming. It was Friday night, thc 12th of July, 187", a fact which "in the light of what followed I had good reason to remember. Our greetings were as cordial as usual, our handshaking as . vigorous, and our mutuul inquiries about the things that had come into our lives since the !a:t meeting were a3 rapidly and enthusiasti- cally spoken as ever. My own experiences for the twelvemonth, commonplace and com- paratively uneventful, were soon told, but what they lacked in novelty and volume was made up by the perfect avalanche of incident and adventure Jack had to relate of himself. He told me that night the details of experi- ment after experiment he had made with the human physical organism ; how he bad tested and analyzed and theorized in his endeavor to sift down, satisfactorily to himself the grand mystery of what portion of a man's body was most closely related to his soul ; what one of thc various systems in the human framework gave shape, and motion, and energy to the sublime thing, mind. This was his hobby. He did not sparc me. He never did spare me when thus occupied. He had become accustomed to having rac in- dulge him when on his favorite theme. In this connection he had many new*intei-esting stories to tell about mesmerism and what he called his measureless possibilities. He re- lated how he, while in the mesmeric sleep, at the will of a person who possessed the power of putting one under its influence, had been sent, at the instance of a third person, a stranger, to a far distant city where he had never been before, not, at least, in the ordi- narily understood sense of being, and had described scenes and objects about the streets of that city accurately enough to be easily recognized by the third person, whose home it was. Several tests of this kind had been made, each lime with the most astonish- ing results. Jack's enthusiasm in tho nar- ration was only equalled by the readiness | with which be carn" tn his conclusion, that the mind of the mesmerized subject had, un- j hampered by matter, time or space, been ' transported at thc trill of a designated per- son to a place chosen by that pereon, and be- j ing present in that placo had, »f cosrse, ac- i toa! ly seen subjects there, and, easily enough, j con Ul tell of them ; in other minds the ob- jects had made their impressions on that ! mind, and, that mind, returning to its accus- tomed habitation, the subject's body, could I readily give account of those impressions, j " And," he added, with a peculiar impres- siveness in his voice, " I believe that if the conditions are favorable the subject under the influence of this subtle something can be j transported in spirit to a distant place, can see and talk with a second person, and this visit with all its incidents will be to that second person in everything importait an absolute reality-so real that he will never feel those unpleasant sensations that accom- pany what are called ghostly visitations." Jack's conclusions and the earnestness of his manner were largely interesting to me, and althnncrti T ÍTwHr»»tÍT»lv inplinerl tn the natural view of things-a view emphasized by a calling dealing cmefly with the real affairs of this life-had but little beliof in anything that could not bs explained by causes we call natural and arc easily under- stood, and would discredit the testimony of any person, no matter how near to me, if that testimony conflicted with what seemed to me reasonable, still Jack's seriousness and honesty strangely impressed me that night, and I con- fessed to bim that what could not be proved need not necessarily be doubted ; that there were likely stranger things on earth alone than were known of; and then with a wish to dismiss the whole subject for one more cheering I asked about some acquaintances I had in Greenwich, his home, to which inqui- ries be responded and in tum asked for my father's family, who still live on the old homestead, a few miles away from the city of my residence. I replied by aranngtng with Jack right there for a visit' together to our early home, and straightway penned a note to my sister telling of his coming, of onrcon plated visit home, and that arrangements might be made for our stay for a brief season. I sealed this letter, with Jack's assent to thc arrangement it conveyed, stamped it and put it in the postal box just outside my door. The night was wearing on and bed was suggested, so with many pleasant anticipa- tions of what the succeeding days had in store for ns, Jack said gnnd-níght and went to his bedroom, 'previous visits having made him acquainted with mr anartmcnts. I The night passed uneventfully, not eren a i stray reminiscence of the evening's talk in- terfering with the senses' even repose. 1 awoke at 7 o'clock, dressed, thought of the planned visit home and the many agreeable things it promised. I did not hasten to arouse Jack, considerately thinking that the fatigues of his long journey and the late hour of retiring would prepare him for a prolonged rest. More than an hoar passed and I began to feel the need of eating, and was promising myself the foll enjoyment of a breakfast with Jack for my company ; so I went to his bed- room to call him. My astonishment was pretty.evident when opening the door Jack was not in the room, and what was stranger still, nothing it contained indicated that he had been there. The bed had not been disar- ranged in the least. Not a chair or other ar- ticle of furniture apparently bad been moved from its accustomed position. Alto- gether there was not a, shadow of evidence that any person living had been in that room the preceding night. There were no win- dows in the room, and no door save the one opening into the one where I slept. A per- son then could not get out of that bedroom and out of the house except hy coming through that door and leaving by the hall door. I remembered that when I awoke this outside door was locked and bolted as usual on the inside ; this was recalled by the diffi- culty in sliding back the bolt that morning. This showed that even had Jack been dis- posed to leave me in that shabby manner in the middle of the night, he could not have done so, not to mention that such a proceed- ing would be as unlooked for in the man as it would be unworthy of bim. The truth remained, nevertheless, Jack was gone. But how he had taken his departure was a deep mystery to me. Strange as it was, though, no suggestion of the supernatural then entered into my calculations, and I conten I ted myself with thinking that a reasonable explanation would oiler itself in time. I said nothing to anyone of the occurrence, not caring to brave the doubt and ridicule the telling of it would likely provoke. I was extremely anxious to como to at least some plausible solution of thc affair, yet thc longer I sought one the more perplexed I became, till I had to conclude that the whole pro- ceeding was a very vivid dream. A dream it might ba ; but such a conclusion was exceed- ingly disappointing and unsatisfactory, for in dreams persons don't grasp each other's hands, and smoke together, and drink to- gether, and talk for hours at a time connect- edly on a subject, especially such a one as occupied our attention that night. Then another circumstance came to me me with almost startling suddenness. T!ie letter ! Did I write that letter to my sister, or was that, too, only a part of the dream ? If she got my letter that would bc proof clear enough that that night's proceedings were not a dream, let them otherwise be ac- counted for as they might. If the letter was written while sleeping, that would be a som- nambulistic feat too formidable for belief, and besides I had never been known to be a sleep-walker. I could easily find ont about thc letter anyway. 1 wrote to my sister asking simply if she had got my letter, in prompt answer to which she said she had, adding that they were all prepared for and anxiously awaiting our coming. Clearly, the letter was not ä dream. Then what on earth or above the earth or under the earth would explain that nightly visit, that un- ceremonious and mysterious disappearance of Jack Templeton I It began to trouble me. A weak had passed since that night, wheu a letter bearing thc well known post- mark of Grcenwick was dropped through my door. It was from Jack. This is what it said: I am very sorry my professional duties and the amount of study I have laid out for this summer will tie me down at home, and I shall not be able to make you my usual visit this year. * * * Merciful Heaven ! The mau hadn't been with me at all. Was be dead and did his shadow come to haunt me instead of his living body to visit me ? That would not bc likely, for his letter was dated five days later than that night, and ghosts, having a way of mak- ing their presence known at the precise time their disembodiment takes place, arc always punctual. The letter did not so far lighten up the matter. It proceeded : You know my hobby, mesmerism, and you know how I ride it. Well, one night recently I mounted my hobby and took a long ride. I was away out in your country, in your town, in your very room, and I sat with you and talked with you and drank with yon, and all but slept with you. To bo exact, the night was Friday, the twelfth day of this month, July. Now, all this was so real to me that I wait you to write mc whether on that night you remember of being conscious of any un- usual occurrence. Did I seem to you that I was in your company that night ? I want all the facts, that I may see how they will fit a little theory I have lately been construct- ing. There it was, and the subject talked upon by Jack, or Jack etherealízed, and me, came back, with his startling assertion about a per- son in a mesmeric trance being able to com- municate with an absent person, and that person to be conscious of being communi- cated with. So Jack in- all things essential hadíbeen present with me that night. For is not the mind the conscious part, the soul, the i essential thing? Tho narrative deals only with tuc facts of a very extraordinary personal experience. If the explanation given of his visit by my guest of that night, based upon the narrowly under- stood operations of mesmerism, is not suili cient, let bim wbo¿ with a clear view, has traversed further int» the arcana of the mys tdeal, advance the theory of Jack Temple- ton's strange visit. 