THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. CONSECRATION OF THE REV. DR. GOE. Yesterday was ths day appointed (or the con- woration of the Rev, Dr. Field Flowers Go as Bishop of the Diooese of Melbourne, and ad vantage waa taken of the occasion to oiler np prayers on his behalf in most of tho Anglican oh arches in Melbourne. It was arranged that the rev. gentleman should be consecrated at Westminster Abbey by the Archbishops of Can terbury and York, and amongst those who were to take part in the service were the Bishop of Manoheeter (the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhoiuo), Bishop Perry, and the Bishop of Durham (Dr. Lightfoot.) It was considered appropriate by the heada of the Melbourne diocese that some special notice ahould bo taken of the consecra tion, and a form of prayer waa ordered. to bo used in the various churches of tho diocese. With one or two exceptions, no further notice was taken of tho event than offering the prayers at the communion Servians held yesterday, most of these services being pre-arranged in con nection with St. Matthias' Day. At St, James's Cathedral, however, ths Rev. Archdeacon Stretch officiated at the morning service, and in the course of his sermon allnded to the object of the congregation being specially called together. Archdeacon Stretch took as his text Romans xr. v. 32 — " That I may oome unto you with joy by the will of God, and may with you be rufreshed." He did not think it well to keep the oongregation long on such an occasion as this They were taught to look upon a bishop as a good gift and to. thank God for it. Their opinions might differ as to the origin of tho episoopato, but they were agreed as to the value of the office. They should be thankful for the biahppe they had had iu. times past, for though they were men of different talents, both wore ubla men, and had done ths work given to them to do well and faithfully, according to the grace beBtowed upon them. The occasion of consecration was a solemn one both to thoso who administered the rite3 and to him who re ceived them, because if the heart were opened in the reoipiout there must be a communication of grace and gifts. He who desired the office of. bishop deserved a good work to perform. There was no good work sought which God would not fully aocord the means of doing to those who sought Him and sought to do that work to the glory of tho Master and of! tho kingdom of God, which was joy and peace. Their prayers were necessary to tho bishop, not only in reference to his consecration, but that he might bring with him and impart to us the. grace he had received. They should not con tent themselves with merely such prayers as they might offer in tho churah, but in their pri vate devotions ask that the blessing of the Almighty might rest on their bishop's head. TI10 Apostle 1'aul, in the words of the text, asked the Romans ho addressed to join him in a similar prayor, and it illustrated the ne cessity of prayerful oo-operntion, the very strength of the life of tho Christian minister, tor without the earnest co-operation of the members of tho church the minister would uot he refreshed. Their sympathy should bo such as St. Paul indicated when tho brethren met. him at Appii Forum, and which would enable him to discharge the work committed to him to the glory of God, and the welfare of ilio church. The Rov. W. IV. Mantell preached in tho evening. The special farm of prayer included a collect for the churchaud the followiog special thanks giving and collect for preservation, tho latter to be used at ail services until Bishop doe's arrival : — Almighty God, tho Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, alio, buloi'C lis did chuvse aud send fuith tils twelve Apostlec, continued thu v.-hule night hi prayer, v,a acknowledge ihy great goedness hi that i i.JU hast answered oar petitiuns by directing the uihab uf thus of Thy servants who were appointou to cheese a bishop fortius diocese. It Is Thy g. eat mercy tnat we were nut leu. as sheep havlue mi shepherd, hut '.iiat'Uiuu art sending one wiio. by hli wisdom and devuteduess as a laborer in Thy vineyard, has shown his iitm-ss far ilils high ofilec, wliereuntu we trust that ihc Italy Ghost- hath called Idm. l-'ar these tukcus of Thy loving kind, ness wo lender hearty thanks nnd pra so, beseeching Thee tn strengthen us by Thy graca lo do Thy holy- wlj, aud spread abroad Thy tralh, tn this glory uf Th, great naino, through Jesus Christ our Lord and Saviour. Aiuan. Lieinul Lord God, v.-ho alone spreodsst out tho licaven-i, and rulcst the raging of the s a, who hus'com. passed tlte water with hounds until day and night come to nn end, be piensrd 10 receive Into illy almighty 1\. ad most gracious pruieetion the persons of Tby Hcrvauts onr bishop and el those who soil with him. 1'rcscrro thetn front the danger of the sea, and keep them iu health and peace, that by Thy great goodness lltey may be brought tn sali-tv to thesu shores to enjay tlie blessings of Thy good Providence, and wltn a thank- iul remembrance of Thy mercies to praise and glorify Tiiv holy name through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Holy Communion services were held in the morning and evening at Christ Church, South Yorra. The Rev. H. C. Hancock officiated, and offered up the prayer as a special thanks giving for tho consecration of Bishop. Goo. Hituilar servioes wore also hold, in 8t. Fetor's, Eastern Hill, by tho Rev. Cttnon Himdfleld ; at Christ Church, St. Kildrt, by tbu ltov. Stanley Lowe ; at All Saints', St. Kilda, by the Rov. Mr. Gregory ; at St. John's, 'i'oorak, by thu Rev. Walter Followed; aud in most of the churches of tho diocese. 