IRovdist. DAYS OF CRIME AOT> j YEARS OF SUFFERING. An Autobiography* Reprinted from " The Australasian1' of 1867 by special permission ) OHAPTEli XIV. ME WGiTE. Newgate. How suggestive the very word ! What associations cluster round the name 1 How the heroes of the far-famed *' Calendar " start into life at the very sound, and are visioned before as in all their pristine glory 1 \- How it bears the memory back to the good oldtimes, and begets a reverence for « The grand old law, the simple plan, That he should take who has the power, And he should keep who can." Ghosts glide before as as we breathe the mystic syllables, and Claude Duval, Captain Maheatb, Jonathan Wild, and Jack Sheppard seem, in the spirit, present. Newgate 1 thou great school for the improvement of the mind upon the mutual instruction system; thou world of recondite mysteries; thou teacher of un known tongues; with thy choice preceptB and thy perfect examples, with thy philo sophical theories and thy daily practices, how many a youth hast thou filled with a spurious and misdirected emulation, and been the means of raising to the moBt exalted station, thy records chronicling his fame, and the j mansion itself becoming his mausoleum ! | More than oncj have I trodden thy passages j where sleep the dead in their unepitaphed notoriety, and I have thought of the poet's words and found it easy to believe that there | might rest 1 "Some heart once pregnant with celestial fire; Hands which the rod of empire might have swayed, Or waked to ecstacy the living lyre." I have often heard it said that simplicity should be twin to greatness, and I never was so forcibly struck with the truth of this remark as when the liveried footman of Her Majesty's carriage handed me out at the door of Newgate. I had seen the outside of one or two of the modern—or model, if you like—palatial seminaries for ethical tution, and the meretricious manner in which they were decked out appeared to me to be a sort of carved commentary upon their own weak ness. But here, how different! No wide portals replete with architectural ornamenta tion were opened for my reception. A little wooden wicket turned on its hinges, and in a'moment the busy street was behind me, and a turnkey, a second Daniel Lambert in size, stood before me with a not unpleasant smile upon his face. In those days photo graphy was not in the service of the prison, and so my personal appearance and previous history had to be sketched with pen and ink.! This was done instanter—five feet seven and a half, slender, light brown hair, grey ejes, lair complexion, read and write, Protestant, born _ at Finchley, Middlesex, age sixteen, once in prison before for vagrancy, congenital brown mark on right side near upper ribs— and the picture was complete. I was then : introduced to the reception ward, where there were already three inmates. 1 was by no means appalled by the look of the place. I had been familiar worse in my non-pro fessional days. There was accommodation only for nine, if my memory serves me rightly. The sleeping berths were contained in a three storied frame, and tbere were three rugs and a mat to each berth. The, ward contained a fire-place, but the weather being warm there was of course no fire. Over thefite place was a bust rudely carved, which zny companions assured me was a traditional likeness of Jack Sheppard. Above this was a large board, on which was a painted notice that any defacing or injury of the books nlaced in the ward would meet with punish ment. W/i&t; books were referred to I cannot eay, Iot I never saw any, except in chapel, during my sojourn in the prison. There was a dietary sale hanging up by the side of the ward door, and a glance at this convinced me that the turtle-loving civic iauthorities bad framed it in a sympathetic spirit. I should like to minutely record their generous bill of fare, but my memory Ts treacherous. I know that the gruel was nice and sweet, that the bread was flood, Jand the meat and potatoes satisfying. The precise quantities I cannot now specify. I only passed one night in the reception ward, and this I spent listening to the narrations of my companions, two of whom were in for passing oonnterfeit coin, and the other for picking pockets. I mast admit, however, that their language for themost part was in comprehensible-to me. The pickpocket de ! scribed how he fanned a bloak'e kick, and then touched him of a dmnmjr; that the bloak tumbled and gave out the pay; that he made tracks like winken; that the bloak con tinued to give beefment; that a flat stopped him, and handed him over to a crusher; that he had dung the dummy; that the bloak rapt hard against him, and so he was fullied to the start, and was sure to get seven stretch on account of his formers. The two for the bad money talked about being out of date, smashng half bulls and counters, ringing the changes, &o.; I told them I didn't know the meaning of all their terms, and so, laughing at my gxeennesB, they explained everything to me. I in my torn astonished them with some of my own doings, and they soon de clared I was no fiat after all. In this man ner pasBed my first night in Newgate. The next morning, after the medical officer had examined me, I was placed in one of the ordinary day-wards of the prison. The ward, with the exception of being larger, was in all respects the same as the reception-ward. There was the fire place, and the painted board with tbe book notice, the rack sleeping berths, the mats and the rugs. There were also two ta bles and four forms, which I remember ex ceedingly well, as the forms were used for draught-boards, and the tables for playing at shove-half-penny, buttons being used instead of halfpence. There were not more than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I en tered, eight of these were employed at a well known prison game called " coddem." As 1 was well-dressed and differed a good deal in appearance from the general inmates of the place, attention was immediately directed to wards me. I can bear testimony both to the zeal and skill of some of my companions, for before I had been in the ward an hour my silk handkerchief, which I afterwards ascertained waa^ a " bdcher," had changed ownership, having been adroitly filched from my pocket by some light-lingered artist'in the "dipping" line of the profession. I made a virtue of necessity, and bore the loss good-hnmoredly, and as I could tell a good story, J soon became quite a favourite with my companions. My prison acquaintances were by no means limited to those confined in the same ward with me, for when *we were out in the airing-yard, which we were half the day, the inmateB of three or four yaxds were together. I don't pretend that my virtue-was much alarmed at the scenes I daily moved among; but I certainly waB as tonished that-proceedings such as I witnessed hour after hour should be allowed in a pri son._ Publicly in the airing-yards lessons in crime were zealously taught on the mutual instruction principle. The burglar sketched upon the prison pavement the instruments of his trade, and, with fluent tongue, explained their various uses. The shop-lifter aYpUinga the various methods by which his branch of the profession might be profitably pursued. The pickpocket was more apt in deed than in word, and gave practical instructions in " buzzing." Zn short I have no hesitation in saying that the zeal of the professors in college was eo untiring, the methods of in struction so varied and so apt, the knowledge imparted so extended, that any person witii'; ordinary intellect would, after a farm or two, be qualified for a degree. Two prisoners specially devoted themselves to me. One was a young man not much over twenty, good- looking, tolerably well dressed, but altogether without education, understanding the ward merely in its scholastic sense. He was one of the most c-xpert pickpockets in London, and was known as *' Sullivan the Wire." The other was a middle-aged man; had been three times transported, and boasted of it; knew every cant term of the prison, and could do something in all the branches of prigism; was'a shrewd man of the world with a fair amount of intelligence; was a clever sophist in attempting to justify crime; carried on business in London as a " fence"; was awaiting trial for receiving stolen property, but, for want of sufficient evidence, was sure to be acquitted. These two companions were apt teachers, the one giving practical lessons, and the other en forcing with a dangerous plausibility his favorite theories, Many an hour Sullivan busied himself with an earnestness worthy of a better cause in instructing me how to pick pockets. He was an adept at the busi ness himself, and by constant practice I soon , became as expert as he was. I have never ' exercised my skill for my own profit in the world except on one occasion, when, having had my pocket book taken from me on the Melbourne racecourse by one of a party of three, 1 followed them inte a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had recovered my property and emptied their pockets into the bargain, a regular "diamond-cut-diamond" affair. My other Hewgafce companion— Johnson the fence—was, in his teachings, of a far more dangerous character. In favor of crime he advanced the same sort of argu ment that had occurred to myself. But there was this difference between us, however cun ningly 1 might entangle myself in my own sop hisms, I was never completely deceived by them, but always had an innate conviction of their falsity. With Johnson it was other wise. His mind was so utterly warped that he believed aB he argued, and had no vision of the truth which lay beyond his own per nicious doctrines. Faith, either in the false or the true, begets earnestness; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teacher, and, as a result, made many proselytes. His argu ments on myself were thrown away, for I have never confounded vice ~ with virtue, or attempted to justify to myself the evil I have committed. Johnson's knowledge of cant I largely availed myself of, and if I am now an authority in technical terms it is owing to his teachings. I composed several .flash songs for the great master linguist, to be sung in the prison yard, but I now turn from -them myself with loathing, and cannot snppose that the reader would do otherwise. These com positions were more curious than edifying. It was thus that I passed the time in New gate. Bat what could be expected ? The activities of the mind will employ themselves, and in the absence of everything good they are sure to occupy themselves with evil. With no books, no occupation of any kind, it is not much to be wondered at that I and my fellow-prisoner* discussed crime in all its ramifications, and were daily fitting ourselves for still more guilty deeds on .oar return to the world than those for which we were then awaiting onr doom. There waB no attempt at classification, and as for some reason or the other the men were frequently changed from ward to ward, by the time the sessions commenced I had made the acquaintance of nearly every committed pri soner in the gaol. I thus had the criminal character before me in a variety of itB phases; and, young as I was, and quite as criminal as any there, I analysed it with a kind of philo sophical interest. Among the rankest weeds there were still flowers struggling for existr ence—in the natures the moat depraved re? deeming traits were to be found. Most of the crime around me was of prison growth, and the fountain- heads whence flowed all its streams were ignorance and poverty. (To be continued. J Dion Boucicault has been telling that bis slender waist and youthful air due to al ways rising from the table hungry. Sir. Gerge W, Childs has a complexion like a fresh apple, and he seldom eats anything at the great dinners he gives, and touches neither tea nor coffee,—Sensible man 1 