rPUeLsrIesD DAILT Of It THURSDAY, PFIRUARIY 24, 1887. w Wno are "the people of Tasmanial" it We ask this question because it would - appoar that the Hobart Trades and Labour p Council and a few who for political reasons n support them, arrogate to themselves the y right to pee as the mouthpiece of the p colony. Too arr'gant utterances, the ~ absurd contentions, and the general r "bumptiousness" displayed by the depu. tations and public meetings recently "'organised" at Hobart to coerce the. Launceston Marine Board into depriving the workmen of Launceston of £1500 for t the benefit of the workmen of Hobart would be ludicrous in the extreme butfoi thle mischievous results that such in: trigues often accomplish. We have beent told the Launceston Marine Board own no revenue ; that what they fondly con sidered as such is " the people's money, and that the people, as represented by a few clamourous agitators-who reminsis f otte of the " three tailors of Tooloy. streot"-are the Board's masters. Wt have been told that better iron ships casn be built in Hobart than in England, from whence we import the iron and the skilledu workman required to make it . up, t tthough"' we pay artisans . 'who -would 5 only be rated as second or thirdI class in a large shipbuilding firm at home higher wages than are given in the old country. We have learnt that - men professing fraetrade principles may: conscientiously advocate protection in its sta Imost snssdsoae situ tiherifore most per nicius form, and not only has abuse and misrepresentation been heaped upon the members of the Launceston Marinse. 'loard, but a direct threat has been used by the member for Sorell that their re fusal to be coerced shall be remembered whent future votes for the improvement of the Tamar are sought from Parliament. There is only one thing we heave not! hIseard, and that is a fair and honest expo. sition of the real circumstances of the case; from any of thse speakers. And we cant't r compliment tise Treasuror upon his atti tiude in tise affrir. While' prierlsty' de clining to accept the responsibility of nacepting an ittneceseariiy high'ltihdoron behalf bf the Cabinet,ho has not scrupled, tolend his oflicial and personal influence r to tise efforts made to coerce the, Marine Board, and his action is r snort like, what might be expected of r a paid touter than a Minister of the Crown. HI has already been stated that a the Launceston Marino Board have nio objection to Itsi acceptance of a local tender beyond the question of finance. r They.c quot Shut their eyes to. the fact that £1500 more fora tug built in Hobart means £1500 less to spend upon the port of Launceston, and as they have already a largs overdraft, and have recently- re* s -1 eed the port charges, the surrender of o a. lrei-a aunt would probably compel e them to re-imposs the towage and other 8 charges recently taken off. Firm, how l, over, in thse consciousness that they are d right in principle, the Launceston Marine Beard have paid little hseed to either o threats. or cajolery. They will not f sacrifice principles to expediency, and as d Ministers refuse to accept the responsi bility, tihe Board decline to be ssade a catapaw, and have therefore reatfirmed their first decision that as open tenders wars invited, the lowest should be accepted. The late Viceroy of India, Lord Ripon, at an English political meeting last month, gave expression to a strong wish that a siddes vivcildt-a method of living to gother-in a. manner consistent with an g Isonourable adherence to principlesehould be found among the larger portion, at all events, of the scattered divisions of the Liberal party. Spsaking of itle prospects of general legislation, Isis Lordship said the discussion ar such questions, whether of land or local self-Government, or ilhe rsform of the registration law, would be a waste tof time until the great Irib diui. D oulty has received early consideration and final settlement by the Parliament. In dealing specially with thme Irish question,, Lord Ripon said :-" The real question before you, and not only you but the peopls oftEngland, is whether you ere in u- favour of a policy of coercion or of a policy of coaieiliation. It is 'upos that question that your opinion is asked, and sooner or later-it may be sooner than we, ' perhaps, anticipate, or it may be post. pcned for a time-but saoner or later you wiil hsa'qonce more to pronsoune a clear, intelligent, assd instructive judgmuent. WVe d who arein favour of conciliation are nost the ofeacia ordefron tin this groat question so-oll reri Ireland. We are as keenly alive as any men -can bs to the great imsptsrtancs of .thse re-establilshment 7of sochal srder in thsat country -upon a subetasslial and a firm basis-but with the long and sad eaperiencre of the past before as, taught by -the lessons of h',isteory, astd reusesubesieg thse retolin of -previsus attempts at coorcisn, wve cams Ideliberately ta sthe conclusion-a conchs. sian whicis recent events hsave strength., enond and not shsaken-thiat -ceerciass had' -eproved an entiras failure, and that if we wished to secaro sociat order in -Ireland s. we satst resort to some better and msors feasible method. * We Isave tried coercion in Ireliand in every conceivable form.~ -' There is scarcely a method which has not at one tinse or another been adopted. It w, hsas been tried fer generation after -y generation, asnd I utiglst truly ony tsr et century after century, and it lihais aays failed to establish that for, which lb so htas been attempted --- the 'purmna sy font r es - establishmecot of sqciial it ardor and trasq'sility in that ceustry. 0- Therefore it scents to me astossishing -s' that men can he found Ia believs that uu that whichs hase fallild toleignally in- the ar past, under swhatovor circumstancse it lins bests tried, should be likely to suic coed at the present time. It shows, ** indeed, a great poverty- of invention, -a every narrow Ikind -of -statesisannhip, if so you can discover no means of bringing saabout the great red-the grratest end, be pvrhtsps, that could be set before thet tPBritith prople at thte, presesut msomaent orthe uniting together of the three partioess at oh the Ussitedh Kingdom in the bossds uf admutual confidence and nttachmosst. You L5wiont do that by a policy of ceorelait. oun cast-only do it by a policy of cacti iorahion for,, hess wishes and aspira iv. hikes of the Irishs people. I sass ready to cdniider in the fullott, widest, and ioet frye manner the details of soy measuro with that groat end. The largest sacrifico of detail may t justly be made. The groat principle which lies at tho.root of our. policy-the. principle of giving to the Irish people the means of managing their own Irish affairs -is in my conscience, I believe, the only possible solution of this question." The noble load concluded lhis apoech by. re ferring-'to the great 'nd noble wdrk at present beforo the Liberal party, and 'urged that it was their duty as a party to rice cbovci cli pursoonl conoidorations, dll low motives, all -unworthy fears, re mcembering " that Liberal principles are jiot things to be played with, to be taken up' to-day and dropped to-morrow, but that they constitute the articles of a political creod to which those who really believe in them will cling firmly through ovil report and good report." Our London cablegrams have recently an nounced' that the Salisbury Government intend giving the firm administration of the existing. law a trial before, iitroducing into ' Parliament now coercive legislation for Ireland, and practically therefore meoan to try, for the present at all events a policy of conciliation. cos: extensive reforms are' abouti to be made in the British army, ani1 those, says the Pall Mull taucette, will be issued very, speedily in it ncw army warrant. 'lihce lust great reorganisation of the cooi miceioned ranka of the aricy took place' about five years and cc half ago, which caiied in the army a flutter the like of which had not bean 'known since: the abolition of pcrchase tenlyears previously. One of the chief causes of the reorganisa. tion of 1881 woo the effoet of the cumipul sory retirement regulations in sending adrift largo cumbers of regimental oficers, in the prime of life, and upon totally in adequate pensions. To remedy this a ailccind was devised by which' the bidiy of promotion isi the lower regi aediall ranks should be no iu'creased that compulsory ketiremoat on account of: ago has practically ceased to exist. To accomplish this the number of lioutenant coloels and also of, majors in every regi. mient was doubled. At the same time a lieoutenant-colonel was cinabled to obtain thoiratik of colonel by a qualifyinc service of four instead of five years. The idea was that if an officer was to be compul sorily retired " it . ces better that he should previovsly have reached to as high a point as possible in his profeasion. It was far better if an officer was to be retired 'at the ago of 48, that he should bhoretired ias a major rather than as c eattain. '1 However, much i c oflicers doubtless appreciated the increased pay in. the present and the ultisiately largely increased pension, the now arrangements were never quite popular, especially among some of the older oflicere. t The now majors did not like being styled ' mud majors' because they were not mounted illicers, ns the senior majors were; and the new colonels did not like the isiniuation that 'colonels' would t shortly be ias plentiful in Ecieland as they were already in America." In the forth coming reorgccnisatio there will be no alteration iin regard to' promotion to the rank of general ollicer, but as respects ithe rank of colonel there is to be a radical 'change. In future only sucho: oilcers as are selected ferecertain specified sniff appointments will be eligible for the r rink of colonel. The 1881 echeme gave two lieutenant colonels to every regiment of cavalry and battalion of infantry, but now there is to be only one lieutenant colonel. Promotions therefore to . the rank of lieutenant-colonel will cense until t such time us, in infantry regiients " at loust cthree of the existing lioutenant colocols, acid in cavalry regiinuts both the existing lieutenant-colonels, have re. tired from their regiconuts. This reversion to the old plan of ne command a ing oflicer only has probably boon necessi tated by cases 'of friction which must naturally have ocoured during the last five years between regimental olticers 'of the same rank, and that rank the highest 'iin ithe reoiment.' The Ga:ctlc 'adds that that provision has been made in the case of the captains to'remedy in some measure Sthe evil of slower promotion, which will be the effect of the new royal warrant. while more has been nmadecin the case of the .cmajors, at least so far as keoping themi in their regiment is concerned Apparently with a+-desire to avoid the 0 compulsory retirement of so many young s captains, 'the age of compulsory retire cmint has been raised from 40 to 45, at icthesame time retaining the -age of 48' as the maximum for regimental majors,frcm 0 which it cuay be icferred that the majors a will not coine cff very welt ian the general reoarrangemeont. a THE withdrawal of the lBritish troops from Egypt, began in earliest with the a coimoencemeint'of the currentyear,' whenc 715 men and officers were ehipped' off to ° India. By the end of next month, the a force will have bean reduced by 3114 oflicers and men, leaving only 1000 t stationed in the country. 'It is significant that this reduction was one of this points insisted on by Lord Randolph Churchill before, his secession, from: thb Salisbury Cabinet. Probably this 'and, 'an accord nicnco woth eceic other viaews cwhich lie hind privinously pressed upon .hic . cohllagnce a neiceceossully, coupled of course with a ocirdial icivitictien to comce back, have icc adicced the "lost ehceep" to rettirn: to the afold. But it in onid tlcat this reduction of the fuaiiber of hlritish trio~op 'ic Egypt awill not do muich to relieve 'the Egyptian atreanery no lice contribucciona paid tawicrde I the anpensee of ,the army of occupniioci knoa been albooeuher, inaeuluunto, eand as a icalter of fuel lies iccoc euppiemsentod out ato the 'Britiehc exohequet.' , Thce .Brilioh I Gusvernmeact will'now:.prulbably insiet on 11 paymenit in foil-at least torethe future. DoDacancwjwa BEccyNE wcO One 'of, the moot praioccvortlhy. acid beet goverened inatitactiono of the townaio unquentionably the Laiceceoton Benevolent Society. The cicouaid iuiblicv hoeuvver,'havo littleliden of the care and asalety cieceevory to she uerercised by the execcotiyc iq edjudlicating Supon ceega coicchi are constantly being pee-. is cooled for relicef ini ceder that whilat. the, a needy pear ocay be protected end relieved, theoundeservcing may 'be pcroventeul from icjuccg upson the public charity., Tweo e .oeoe cgq before thse board at 6 ler .wekl meeingyeotcrday. In lice ohuecincstc ancunfortunate youagsewomn rlied received relief during her confinement, r nd to this othior, ci women (vhcoie~iutsbnnd a hlial worked en the railcany, and been in rc hceipt otgoodsseges,butlwaarcmovedthsrough oiidduuicuaickness to lthe hospital only a sveek 'ago) applied for immediate .relief ci hcinig positively without "bbexd 'for bieg clcildren. The hoard foci diificully in deol 'leg wvithi bhce tiwo cldsseo of'vuus's; l'hh diffi± g vlchy ahd'cbli'nacy ot relieving ieelnocen of Iblamewvorllhy ceducicion, where benevolent e'iiipulco ceys " yeo," 'ciad 'righcteouo justice a iy "no " anad thce hiflilcultyc e~~ dealiag wih thceeo* icpjlihniito 'ouddil 'plunged a-lte extremne inidigoinco, 'butl wlcoeould bhicee conoerved a, iportisa 'of' thcelt good wageo'svwhe, in health for probable fctucre gontingencice. The ionod in both of tIbepe ifcases 'loaned to' the side' of weeciy and nTu Lneeco S Bank , cloeduit or Saturdicy an Monlday krI alcf '9 'yhurly hbclaecieg of hookr;'etc,,.r'e-opcnccug \- en 'luceeday. IfROUGH ONe IIATO-Clears oat rats, mnice, if roachbea, flied, unto, 'hed-hugo, heetlias, icicrseto, skhinnk, hiack-nabbito nip'r ye' 5 'gopchero, At chuemioto and ds'giote ' r (1, i. Bccio-PAiiA.'-Qiuick,' opmiphcte core; ;alnl ennoying'hKidaey, ]llndder0 end Urinary Dieeaeso ' Al chemists' and :'druggioto. 'Feltori, 'Geimawde 'id "Oo' 'Agis.,' Mel * Arra: ric. - The Sir Joseph Banks Grand Iliutdicap, of 250 sovereigns and a t 25 guinea gold chronograph, which is to be o run in Sydney on March 5, 0, and 12, pro- e mises to be the most interesting contest which has yet taken place in the colonies. e The best colonial performersnof the pre- f sent day have etntered, and Tiutchens andi Moyers will also compete. Hutchens and - Samuels start from the nine yards mark, . M. Etalone 12, and L. E. Meyers 13. The final heat of the Electric Light HEn dicap, of 150 sovs., which was run at Sydney on Saturday, was won by J. T. Burns, who started with a htandicoap of 1 33 yards. Samuels, the aboriginal sprinter, and other first-class rurnners were de- F feated. l'ttrt SaloN TO StaLs.-A gingerbeer t license was yesterday granted to Robert Iloag Smith, of Launceston. FRATERNAL GATHrERtNo.-The members of tho'Derwent Rowing Club moot (ays the ] Mercury) at the Criterion Hotel on Tuesday night to pledge the health of the members of the winning crow in the Ladies' Purse t race at the regatta. There were about 410 a gentlemtn present, and Mr. J. Toan was voted to tite chair. He opened the pro- . ceedings by announcing the object of the gathering, and calleds npon the company to E honour the loyal toasts. After this hadi been dole, Mr. Muirhead gave "The win nin creow" in a eulogistic speech, referring ( specially to the stroke, Mr. Sharland, ott tito painse ohad taken in bringing his men I tip to their form, and"that, in the face of great difficulties. The toast was drunk I with musical honours, and Messrs. Shiar- ] land, Todd, and S. Robitnson responded; thir latter expressing regret that Mr. Sharland ] was about, to retire from the oar. Mr! I Sharland then gave "The Regatta Cou- . mittee," coupling with the toast the omtes of Mr. 'Hayle, the chairman. Mr. Hayle' enitably responded. "The Derwent Row-. ing Club" woos proposed by Mr.c Iines, and, snitably' responded to, after which catoe "tThe other winners," " Press,"" Ladies," etc. A very pleasant evening was spent. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. - The usual weekly meeting of the executive committee of the Launceston Benevolent Society was'. held in the Mayor's-room, Town Hall, I yesterday afternoon, when there were pre-; sent:-Messrs. E. L. Diteham (chairman), J. Stephenson, TW. R. Barwood, T. II. Urquhart, J. Tulloch, G. Babington, M. Tyson, and H. Fraser (secretary). The: relief roll was read, and the minutes of the i last meeting were read and confirmed. The chairman atologised for the absence of Mr.. A: W. Dirchall. The secretaary reported the death of a woman who had received relief. One woman, whose husband is in gaol, now in the receipt of one and a half rations, but able to support htersulf, 'sas ordered to receive a week's notice of discontinuance. One woman, relieved during confinement, but now in service, was struick off the roll. An application made by the clerk of the police court for compassionate allowance for a woman with three children,whose husband had deserted her three weeks' ago, was left to the dio cretiotn of the secretary to deal with. A woman, whose husbandi. is sick in the hospital, with a child ill, was ordered to receive a ration and milk for the child. Another woman, with four children, and whose husband is also sick in the hospital, was granted one and a half rations temporarily. It was resolved to hold the annual meeting at 7.30 p.m. on Thursday, March 3. POLICE COURT.-At the Launceston police court yesterday Mr. H. T. A. Murray P.M., presided. John Elmer was fined 5s, costs being remitted, for having on the 15th inst. used his dray without having his name and place of abode in full legibly painted:. thereon as required by law. William Imlach, for the same offence, was fined 5s and costs.-Thomas Spencer wsis fined fu and costs for having on February 11 in George-street, he being the driver of a parcel delivery cart, misconducted him self by throwing decayed crayfish in contra vention of by-lair No. 65. - Lilly Anderson pleaded not guilty to having on February 18' in Twining-street' used obscene language. Edward Warren de posed he saw defendant on the day in question ; there was some disturbance in the street; defendant used abusive and grossly obscene language to hint; every pcreers in the street could hear it. Defen dant wsts fined .12 for the offence, or in de fatutt one month's imprisonment.-Arthur Hunt was charged with allowing four cows belonging to him to be atlargoin Hopkins street on February 15. Defendantlpiasled not guilty. Police Constable John Pilling proved the case, and defendant wias fined .41 Is for each cow, costs bping remitted. T'urn-itRICAL NOTES.-" Thespis" writest -The 8.M. Herald is wonderfully inconsis tent in its theatrical gritieismns. A short time ago, on Bliss Colbourn-Bober appear ing in " Maritana," the journal in question was lavish in its praise, but now it has changed its tune. loiss Colbourn-Baber was accorded a two nights' benefit at the Criterion Theatre, Sydney, last week, there being 'overflowing houses on each occasion."" Maritani" wais revived, and in referring to. the. performance the Herald niys:-" Miss Colbourn-Baber, who had a good reception, is near being a good stage singer, and when shil becomes an actress will be a welcome recruit in the ranks of prima donnas. At present she is only a painstaking, earnest young artist, pos sessing a sweet voice, and her impersona tion is only praiseworthy considering her experience."-Mr. R. Aspinall, son of the late lion. B. C. Aspinall, of Melbourne, left the latter place for London on Friday last to fulfil an engagement which has been offered to him by Mr. Henry Irving in thes Lyceum Company on the recommendation of Mrs. Chippendale, who has formed a high opinion of Mr. Aspinall's latent talent oa a comedian. Ttt REy A. BrIn.-We sometimes have to go from holme to' hear news. The following paragraph is extracted from the Ballarat Star of Monday last,'21st inst.: " For some time past the 'Dawso'un-street Baptist Church has been without a resi dent pastor,' buit we htear that an 'appoint ment has juot been made. A number of utinisters have from timo to tints occupied the putlpit, and outongut these thu 1Rev. A. Bird, of Lasorcuton, found must favour sowith ftse congregation. An invitatien wvas accordingly sent to him to accept' the pootortite. and on Saturday todroing 'a favourable repsly swas received. The nnwly aipeointed minister, shob is a preaecher of: tehility. will probahly nsuumu the duties of the position in about three months' tints." Excjutsioce TCAN To Fonattn.-.-n ox. eroirson train specially to suit hadien and children willhe ron to Ltstrobu and Forasl~yy un Wednesday next. Thiu train 'will leays Launceston. at 9030. a~m.,' arrtving at Forntby'at 1 20 p.m., and leaving satan on the return journey at Cdi 0p.mo.i orriving in Launreston itt '845 pa.o' Mr. Back hiss miade a special arrangemrnt in csonnetion .with' this train, by sohicit psivatte comsptit ments eats he reserrcd for eight firat-clasu osr .ten siecond clasu tickets. Thiess com portmecuts soll he reserved forthte day, and us only a limited nsmher are available; application moot he .uoads for them to the station master, Lausnceston, not later than Monday next. The fares to Formbty 'ssill behs Puhd first clout return and.5Is second 'class. We are ansuved thsat tlare need be nio lfear sf overeruowding, as the number of: ticketo sold soullhi limited to thue8t'atitig accommodation of the train. SEndsrca lMEsNTn AT TOWie FPARK.-Thtis eveninig at the' Tuwns Park a benefit wilbbe tendered to Professor Kelly, the "Victoidan yrotechtnist, 'who has during thu loot fesw das'iveilsnuveral sutcceisfnl' fireworkit dis'. 'lys in connoetion with ths Industrial fixhiloitioti.' 'dessr's. 'Molmeu and uitipifs' apd Phillips,acrolbatt,also L. Stephenstin the Australian Bloistjin, soll give exhihitionis of their shill in their particular departments. STics best tufedicihe lfn'ovn ' Sunder and Sono' Esscalypiti Extract. Teut its smi nent puoverful effects 'in' cuoghis, colds, fitfiucoca, etc.1 ties relief is instantaneous. lhoFlituiada give thtellihiost gratifytg? tositi' moyHHi Me0sty the Kint; of Italy, and mcdical syndicates all over thes globe; are itos patrons. Read ftse official reports that accompany ecol bortile. Ws liars no occasiso to offer vswavdu in proof of the \- genuineonss of our references.' Thte officittl reptorts of mcdical clinics and siniversities, the' olli'ritil conimunication sf the Consul Ococral fur Italy at Melbourne;t the sdiptonia aswardod Internaitional Exhibhitiun, Xnmnterdtam all thess areo autitentie docit mo nnto, and, at such, not open to doubt. .Thercforo .trust in thit a pproved article C and riject all "others.-Wholeoolu depot Sfor Tasmiania-L.' FhiLTgOuNa ANstSue \- retail by 'nil 'stosokeepruannd obcmetss INVAIsn DEroT.-The seventh annual tea given to the male and female inmates of the Launceston Invalid Depot by those engaged in work in connection with the 1 Town Mission came off last evening. An excellent ten was provided by several lady frienrds, to which 120 males and 17 female inmates sat down, as well as a number of well-wishers of those in the institution. The room in which the tea was laid out was very tastefully decorated, while the tables presented "a very tempting appearance. The good things provided having been done full 'justice to, a short meeting was held in the Female Depot, at which ad dresses were given by Mr. Mateer, and two solos were rendered by Mrr Parker. A public meeting was subsequently held in the long ward, the hon. W. Hart presiding. The Town Missionary, Mr. R. Marshall, read the annual report, which stated that during the past year services had been held regularly every week, the at tendances at which had been very fair and encouraging.' Thanks were tendered. through the report to the hon. W. Mart and Messrs: W. H. Gibson, of Native Point, and R. V. Legge, of Cullenswood, for donations in money, and to Messrs. E. West and G. Weymouth for tea and sugar supplied. The kindness of Messrs. A. Jones, superintendent, R. Venus, and Mrs. Paule for the kindness to do all they could to further.the work of the mission, was also gratefully acknowledged, while the ladies wiso had assisted were also tendered a vote of thanks. The report was followed by addresses by the Reve. C. Price, W; Law, the chairman, and Messrs. Mateer and.Parker, solos also being given by the last named. The chairman before closing the meeting referred in eulogistic terms to the present condition of the Invalid Depot grounds, saying they were a credit not only to Launceston but also to the colony at large, and too much praise could not be bestowed on Mr. 'ones for the great im provements he had effected to the grounds during the time he lead been governor of the gaol and superintendent of the Invalid Depot. Votes of thanks were also passed to the ladies, speakers, and chisirman, after which Mr. Jones' returned thanks on be half of the inmates of the depot. The meeting, closed by the benedictiosn being pronouinced by the chairman. Tes LATI FiRE AT TRIAL HARBOUR. By the' arrival in town last evening of a resident of the West Coast, we are able to supplement our telegraphic report of the fire at Trial Harbour, which occurred on the 13th inst., whereby the whole settle. ment, conosisting of a store, keptby Messrs. Fowler' 'Bros., public-house, by Mr. 0, Webster, and boarding- house by Mrs. Grining, in addition. to a number. of un occupied tenaments- amongst which were the old police buildings--was totally des troyed, while the jetty also narrowly escaped being demolished by the flames. From what our informant states, it appears that bush fires had been raging en the vicinity of Trial Harbour for two or three days, and these, first appeared to be dan gerous, though not in sufficiently close proximity to cause alarm, about 9 p.m. on the day mentioned;' At about 11-30 p.m., however, the wind having changed, the danger was noticed by Mr. P. Fowler, who observed heavy. clouds of smoke rolling down the hill at the back of the settlement. A few moments later the police station was noticed to be on fire, and sparks were already extending to Mrs. Grlining's house, these two being the furthest away from the water. Messrs. P. and T. Fowler, by whom the flames were first discerned, then aroased the occupants of the dwellings, who were luckily saved, but had to stand on the water's edge and have the blankets (the only covering they were able to carry away) kept quite wet, the fury of the flames being so great, and the heat so intense. The men also had to frequently run out into the sea in order to avert being scorched. All that was saved was a small quantity of provisions from the store of Messrs. Fowler Bros., who were also fortunate enough to save a box con taining their books, cash, and cheques, to the 'amount of about £200. The loss sus tained by Mr. Webster is estimated at about £1000, and that by Messrs. Fowler Bros. at £1500, neither of which amounts were at all covered by insurance. After the fire the whols of thefemale and juvenile inhiabitants were removed to Strahan. Messrs. Webster and Fowler are now en gaged rebuilding at the scene of the fire. Inusuar .Ar Exurmstson.-The Laun ceston.Industrial Exhibition is now closed, the concluding night being attended with greater success from a financial poipt of view than any which preceded it, there being about 1500 persons present in the Exhibition building and Park last even leg. The land contest proved a great attraction, and a large number of residents of the country districts availed themselves of the special train facilities on the Main Line and Government railways. Messrs. J. Bryant, Geo. Scott, and J. Hills were judges in the contest, the following bands competing : - Perth, Morven, Evandale, and St. Leonards, the lbst named entering to show their appreciation of the enter prise of the management, and as an in ducement to make these contests annual. Each band.played three items, Morven gaining first prize, and Evandale second. !1 he total points gained were-Morven, 323; Evandale,111; Perth,102 ; St. Leonards,54. Professor Kelly gave an excellent display of fireworks, the set pieces representing a Masonic, emblem, a Maltese cross, and Niagara' Fallsbeing specially effective, the coloured lights burning with great bril liancy, lighting up the surroundings. Mr. L. Stephenson, the Australian Blondin, gave an exhibition of his ability on the tight rope, his balancing at times being wonderfully clever. -He carried a boy across the rope; also at times standing on his head. The whole entertainment was i great success. - " ExamsuEnm" Warcooose.-We have received from Mr. S. Spurling a reminis conce of the pleasant trip the employes of this establishment had last Saturday, in the shape of copies of a photographic group of thse'pleoeure-seekers. The scene to taken close to the Itosevear'es hotel, wvith the river* and the opposite bank in the background, and the imimediate occoeion being the preparatiou fer starting in the laot heat of the Married Mfen's Race, 'Cs~sAsrsa Wns5AT.-We (Mfeicarsj)'bave reccived from the Canspenia Railer Mills two samples' of seheat, which, are -about average specimens of the' crops grown in the district, Experts in cereals hesve given it .ass.their opinion';that. 'for an average yield it canest be beaten in tlse world. 'The whseat, ef which we have a 1sample, woo woohed and cleaned by the nese machine manusfactured by Mr. Robert James. ef' * ridgeowater. So much is the machine thought, of by Mr~.H. 3. 'lrock. thes proprietor .of ties mills, that, notwsith. standing United States and English mann.. facturero had sent him deocriptivre cata. legusee of ;their newest machines, wills epeceficationeqgof all the 'latent improve. mnents, lee preferrcd the locai-made thresher to any imported' article, although the foreign machines could leave beenk obteined at a somewhat cheaper rate, It is really a credit to Tasmania thatar machites'manu fnicturedC en the colony., and in ole" for oeveral years. has, been preferred 'by a practical expert to 'any imported article, flee average yield" of 'the' iichmnerd district hoe been about 18 busheis per sore, some paddocks running os'high oe 30 b~usliels, the grain being reinarkable for itu SST. JOSEPRn BiND.--At the complimen. tary concert given' to 'Mfr. David Lee, the Mlsbourne city organist.'at the Towvn Hall Ion" 'Saturday. evening, the St. 'Jeosph's Band task part. The' Argim nays:-" The 'nusical entertainmentceouimqnced with the ISt. Joseph's' Military. haddof' Tiasnissna, .conducted by' banddmlser' Iarrisoil, of Sa, niolection' of' themes from' * Maritdnis.' -Later en, and at the conimencement of. the Ssecoeid part'ief the programmde. thny'played .the waltz ' Silver Btir'ds,"'in which an p1fecc \- ive'solo for thq pccolo hears .a pyominent Spart. Ths prdfprsftheir serygees at' this b bnofi canscer nwed a ksndly fseelfng, Swhisch was cordially 'recognieed by the ashdience5 thw lciseiciafre, and all concerned inI the management. The members of the ISt.'<Joseph's Band wore~ meurnieg badges, ,in memory of ties late Sir George Strahsan, \- formeerly Governor of Tasmania, the news Sof whose deaths lead been received during ,thee af ternoon.",;i TuAeb Mins.-The ordinary evening .trains oen hothi lines of railway were largely ispatronised by country residents to theoex helheit:on fele loot night. tlsatora the Govern. eczent line reacheing bore at 1145 a~m, being t augmentediby'thpesd~ition of severalextesi 3oiarriageesfgom spgfordj as; 0 HOLLOWAY DRAMATIC COS5PAN.-Ther0 wee a very fair hoose at, the Academy sf Music lust evening to witness the. presoent tion of "Ingomar and Parthenia." When this piece was played last year by the saeme company it was universally admitted to be one of the best representations of Mr. 1V. J. Holloway and Miss Essie Jenyns, who virtually sustain the whole interest of the play, though their efforts are well sup ported by the company. The presentation of last evening confirmed the first verdict, and the artists were stimulated by the hearty appreciation of the audience, by the frequent recalls before the curtain, and the bouquets showered on Miss Jenyns upon the conclusion of some of the most telling scenes. From first to last the interest never flagged,and Mr.Holloway deserves warm commendation for his faith ful delineation of the barbarian Ingomar, the despiser of all women as mere slaves and chattels, who is at last conquered and subdued by the purity, as much as by the beauty, of the Grecian maiden. To-eight Shakespeare's great tragedy of "Hamlet" will be produced, with Mr. Holloway as the Prince of Denmark and Miss Essie Jenyos as the ill-fated Ophelia. Many of our readers will remember the ex cellent manner in which this piece was staged for one appearance only by the same company twelve months ago, but upon the present occasion new scenery and new effects will be introduced. The Ghost will be a "real", ghost, as effects never before witnessed. in Tasmania are to be introduced, and the scenes before the Castle of Elsinore and the church-yard scene, with Opholia's burial, will also present. novelties to Launceston theatre goers. " Mn. DoDns's CoMMsIsSoN.-On the 8th February the Mercury stated that the com mission of.Mr. Dodds as delegate for Tas mania at the Imperial Conference was made out in the name of the hon. John Stokell Dqdds simply. On February 10 it con fessed to " a mystery about the business." In yesterday's issue it has regained confi dence, and says:-" We may take, for example, the statement which we made re lative to the commission of Mr. Dodds,' which we stated was made out in his private capacity, concerning which statement it was declared that we had been deceived by Ministers them selves.' Of course, no sensible person would believe this to be the case, but the contradiction passed current, and those who made it seem never to have discovered their error. We happen to know that our statement was quite correct, for reasons which we need not now explain, but which, probably, are quite unknown to those who think that only one com mission was made out. The matter, as We have said, is not of much importance, for nothing can be clearer than that if Mr. Dodds has not been pro vided with a valid commission as a private person, he will have to be, since lee cannot possibly present him self in London as Attorney-General when lee no longer holds the office. Let us hope that a nod in this case will prove as good as a wink, according to the proverb." In answer to this our Hobart correspon dent telegraphs :-" The Mercury's self asserted accuracy is all bunkum. It was misled; and should kave sufficient self respect to acknowledge so." We may add that while our contemporary says-" If Mr. Dodds has not been provided with a valid commission as a private person" Shakeo peare remarks, "There is much virtue in your if." Aucumenso ORaoxE's ADVICE -A special cablegram in the Melbourne Daily Tele graph, under date London, Feb. 18, says : Archbishop Croke, of Cashel, has written a letter, in which he advises all Irishmen to no longer pay any taxes to the English Government. He argues that Irishmen will be justified in refusing to any longer contribute taxes which are applied to the feeing and feeding of a gang of needy and voracious lawyers, toe; the purchase of -bludgeons for policemen, to be used in the smashing of. the Irish people's own skulls, and for the support of a foreign (English) garrison. The publication of the letter has created an enormous sensa tion throughout the United Kingdom. If the advice of Arcobbishop Croke is adopted there is every appearance that the people of. England will unanimously support the establishment 'of . martial law in Ireland. Mr. Parnell deprocates the advice of Arch bishop Croke, knowing that if it is followed it will lead to civil war THE. STONECUd'ras' DIeUvTE. - We understand that the recent dispute between the stonecutters engaged in the erection of the new post and telegraph offices and the contractor, Mr. James Hills, has been amicably settled, and yesterday ten of the former workmen resumed work, and this number will shortly be augmented by a similar number, when operations will be pushed on with all possible despatch. INTERCOLONIAL ITEms.-The grain block at the Numurkah railway station, Victoria, continues, owing to an insufficiency of trucks. The trade is suffering from the non-despatch of grain. Farmers experience a great difficulty tin selling their produce, and prices are 'on the decline. It is esti - mated that 80,000 bags of wheat and barley are lyipg about the station, and large lots continue to arrive.-Ths death is an nounced of the Rev. J. W. Brown, Wes leyan minister, late superintendent of the Bourke-street circuit, Sydney. He com menced his -ministerial career at Too woomba in 1888.-The Premier of Victoria is having inquiries made with a view to the reduction of the Government printing office staff, also to- find out how much work can be done by private firms.-A' decided movement is 'being made in Melbourne towards the erection of a consumptive hospital. Several large Subscriptions have been promised. The Victoria, gunboat, -will shortly have a Gin. breechloading gun stationed on the stern in place of the present two smaller pieces.-The other day the steamer Casino freon Belfast passed through an immense shoal of shearka between Cape Otway and -Port Phillip -Heads. Thirty -pairs' of fine were. seen at ene time.-Many South-Aus tralian farmera are asking the Government to allow the -instalment of rent and in terest falling due this year en lands pur chaoed by them from the Crewn, to stand ever for anotleer year, as they cannot pay them,-The Premier of Victoria has written to ties Premier of New Sontle Wales, asking him to undertake the construction ef a bridge ever the Murray to connect, Yarrawonga on 'tho 'Victorian side, 'with Mulwalla en the New South Wales bank of the river, at the joint cost of the two colonies. It will be a great convenience to the settlerd en both sides of the Murray. Typhsoid fever is at prosent very preva \- lent in Ballarat.' There are at this time rio fewer than 15 casesliti the hospital, At Yalpara, Soqth Auistralia, en the morn iisg'of 7th innis., there was a showver of black crickets: '~They came doscet like rain.-An amusing breach of primisee acos- was tried at Maryborough' (Queensland' recently. Wilkelmina Cot sued Charles Wittkopp for .130 danisgeei The court gave a verdict fur the plaintiff of 5su without costs, except the price of the bridal wreath -ind veil.-The hiot weather in Melbourne evidently causes ass enormous censumption of serated as well as alcoholic drinks. It ie said thst at a leading Melbourne hotel no less than :200 docon bottles of lemonade, ginger ale, and ehdawater were opened on Saturday night.' lnREaEiBER TuIS. -If you are stnk hup Sbiliers will - urely old nature Is msaking psa I -well when all else fails, hi you are costlive or Sdyapeptii, or are sufferIng frsm any olber of the numerous dlseases of she stemash er howels, ii il-your' o0n lauli fiyoox remain .Ill, for hop bittirs' a' ssovereigs remnedy is all usuh' mom this moment, and lura for a ears to hop hItters. If yos'are nervous use of ho bIllers. \- a If''u are a fqunler, ur na re rdens el a ~ galnst Ike icuoirgo of all countrieso-malarial, tbpidemle,o hllsieo I :eine-'itldntB fer-h-b you'have rough, 'pimply, or sulols shin, bid That peer, b edriddon, Invalid -wife,- sisler, moiher, er daughter, cookse mads the eeiuure of healik, by.Amernsea Co.'s Hop Bitteco, esoil log hul a nelile. Will you irs Skew soffoer In short they oars all diseases of tho stesomc,, towels, bisod, liver, server, kidneys, Bright's disoaso. £500 -ciii to paid fee a caoe they will ipe car or help. t~rut ab nd Chomists hops or white label and Dr. aSisl's name blow tin bottle.' Ohus eli" othes as vlle; palaunous sniff. - . -:- el - C., - CALLEn IBACK" CorPANY.-This ex. nelletrl and comrpact little company havr worked their way to Iliseholt, where they have hoen showing to full houses for sic nights. They were very successful alon, the coajst from Latrobe to the Leven. Th' company opens at Emu Bay on Wednes. day evening, when they ought to do well, as lheyeare undoubtedly the best company that has visited the N.W. Coast. After shooing at Table Cape they work their way back to Launceston, A cricket match, ' Called Back" Company v. Waratah, was played on Monday, but rain brought it to apremature termination. EcircSE of TviE SUN.-Owing to the cloudy state of the atmosphere yesterday, the eclipse of the sun was not visible is Launceston. Trro Gunxv EAsrrEaN.-ReOcnt cable. grams announced that an Australian steam. ship company had purchased the Great Eastern for £26,000, and that she is to be utilised in the Australian trade. It may be interesting, therefore, to give a fore particulars regarding the great steamship. Herlength is 692 feet, or more than doube! that of the Great Britain; breadth, 83 feet; "light draught," 12,000 tons. She was designed by the late J. K. Brunel, and built by tesnars. Scott, Russell, and Co. at Mill wall. Tire ship's original name was the Leviathan. On the first attempt to launch her in November, 1857, she stuck on the ways and was not got off until the January following. Her construction exhausted the capital subscribed, and a new company was formed to fit her for sea. Her first voyage was made in September, 1859, from Dept. ford. Off Hastings an explosion on board killed ten firemen, and aounded many passengers, and sire finally wintered in Southampton water. The first long voyage projected for her was to Australis, whither she was to carry 5000 passengers, but uo the 21st January, 1860, her commander, Captain Hrirrison, was drowned by the up. setting of a boat within a few yards fers Southampton dock gates. On the 17th June, 1860, the Great Eastern sailed for New York, and made the voyage in what would now be coneilered slow time, eleven days. After her return to English waters the ship was seimed by sheriff's officers. She was released, and made a few more voyages across the Atlan tic, on one occasion, December, 1862, having been chartered by Government, at the time of the Trent affair,to convey the first Battalion of the Rifle Brigade as a reinforcement to the British garrison in Canada. Early in 1811 the Great Eastern was bought by Glass, Elliott, and Co., and chartered to lay the first Atlantic cable. In March, 1861, she sailed for New York prepared to carry 2000 passengers, and returned thence with 101, after which she was " attached" on the suit of the seamen for their wages, which suit finally got into the them Court of Ghancery. It is not surprising to learn that at a meeting of the shareholders in February, 1818, no dividend was declared. For the next few years the Great Eastern was heard of laying submarine cables, such as the French Atlantic, the Bombay, and Suez, and the fourth Atlantic cable. In October, 1881, she was put up for sale at £30,000 reserve, and bought in. Towards the end of last year she was exhibited as a " sight" at Liverpool, and also along the coast, yielding a golden harvest to the shareholders. Recently it has been pro. posed to use her as a coal hulk in Gibraltar Bay, although therel has been talo from time to time of using her in the frozen meat trado,which may possibly be her destination INTERCOLONIAL ACCIDENTs, OFFENCES, ETv.-A pupil at the Loretto College, Ballarat, whilst at play came into contact with the branch of a tree, which fairly gouged out her eye and injured her nose to a frightful extent. Dr. Ochiltree replaced the eye in its socket, and there are hopes that it may be saved.-At the Harcourt granite quarries, Castlemaine, a block of stone weighing 10 tons, whilst being turned over, came upon the leg of a young man named William Baker, smashing and almost severing the limb. When tie stone was lifted a perfect torrent of blood flowed from the wound. Every means was tried to stop the excessive hemorrhage, but the unfortunate fellow died within five minutes after the stone was removed. Steps are to be taken against some of the hotelkeoepers near Sydney who offer facilities for the ruin of young girls.-At Paddington, New South Wales, a young mran named Thomas Whitehead was killed by falling off a van, the wheels of which passed over his chestand neck.-A butcher namued John Jeffrey committed suicide at Waterloo, near Sydney, by cutting his throat and nearly severing his head from the trunk. He was addicted to drink. The abduction case against Fleming, the Sydney warehouseman, lits been withdrawn, he having married the girl in the presence of her father.-Messrs. Jackson and Naylor's Venetian blind factory in Elizabeth-street, Melbourne, together with an adjoining corn store, and a restaurant have been totally destroyed by fire,-At Sydney a man named James Whittaker, who was about to elope with a Mrs. Carrats, the wife of a lodging-house keeper, with whom he had been staying for some time, was arrested at the instance of the wronged husband on the charge of having in hir possession two boxes belonging to him (Carrats), Thus the elopement was frus trated. - At Cockatoo Island, a young girl, daughter of Mr. Fuller, was bathing, when she got out of her depth. The mother, who had been watching her from the shore, ran down and plunged in, but failed to rescue her child, who sank and was drowned. At this juncture the father came on the spot, and brought the mother to shore-On 15th. inst. an old man named George Samuels,, a Hebrew, who kept a tobacconist's shop in Bourke-street, Mel bourne, committed suicide. His wife lately died, and he. has had bad luck in business. Instead of going home at night as usual, he went to a pie-house and took a quantity of rat poison. Me was a follower of Mr. Joseph Symes. Tuncaostliationsmarkisg af Itse Robort Bnras Lsdgo, S.1C fi0ssaslild, will tu held at uidiin bretbron srsp~ oav ningndhe 