ANGLICAN CHURCH JUBILEE ADDRESS. The following address to lier Majesty the Queen on the occasion of her Jubilee has been written on vellum in Church text, and will be enclosed in a polished case of native wood from the grounds of Bishopabourne. We understand that the address was drawn up by the Rev. C. G. Robinsen, and written by Mr. F. C. Timbury : To Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, &e.;, Re. Most Gracious Sovereign, -We, the Bishop, clergy, and laity of the diocese of Bri-bane, in Synod as sembled, desire to approach your Majesty with the dutiful declaration of our loyal and devoted attach. ment to your royal person. We desire to unite with your UM.j'.sty's loyal subjects in all parts of the United Kingedom, the Empire of India, and the colonies in presveting this tribute of our respectful congratulationis to your Majestyon being preserved in health and well-being. through the Providence of the Almighty Giver of all good, to enter upon the fiftieth eear af a reign fruitful in happiness and benign influences to your Majesty's subjects everywhere. Though we dwell on the farthest vergeof Britain's extended Empire, and, althoaugh the Cou.:,, .I.f E-.Q land with us is not established by law, ,or -"-ns e',d with the State, we beg to assure your l].,j "-t: that our sense of national obligation remains uilltuched, that we cherish with sincere ffectiun the at.,litions which we have rec?ived from, our nl'i:.h.rv.Ch' ch, and the ties which bind us to her in ,lensity of als-trisn and discipline. We remember with pleasure 'n ' neeetii,. with the celebration of your Msjestc,' J?i Ie ,: at I ,r colony received its name of Qajera,.-lbd i.t ~. mir Majesty's express desire, and that we were Ihvr,·olr, not many years ago with a visit from two IrinceC of your Majesty's Royal House. It will also, we are sure, be a source of satisfaction to your Majesty to recall the fact that the appointment of William Grant Broughtoo to be Bishop of Australia fifty years ago, almost syncbronisees with the period when yoar Majesty began your happy reign. Since then the Ohbu eh of England in thesecolonies has developed and expanded in every direction, and, to-day, nineteen Bishops in Australia and New Zealand leok to Canterbury as the seat of their patriarch. We believe that your Majesty will regard thia progressive increase in the Episeopate, answering to a corresponding growth in the social and ri-I gioua life of our colonies, as a proof that the Church of Eogland with us is an active powsr in pee-trating the civilieation of our Southern world, and leavening it with those divinely-taught principles which alone ean exalt a nat on. We are confident also that yuur Majesty will welecome with us the many apparent signs that principles of federation akin to those which are drawing together the Imperial and Colonial Govern sents, are tending also to consolidate the Church of England at home and in the various dependencies of your Mejesty's vast Empire in one united Church. We welcome this year of jubilee as afferding us an opportunity of expressing our gratitude to our Heavenly Father for securing andl continuing to us the many gracious and salutary I?lesings of your Majesty's fostering and benign rule; and we pray that the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost may rant upon your Majesty and upon every member of your royal house. The eignatare and seal of theBishtp are alttacehed. 