CHArTEB VII. IX WHICH CTRIL TATON REPAYS A LOAN, AND DAVID BARRON CONTRACTS ONE. ' With no member of the Barron family wa3 Adam Dyke so popular as with Oliver. Mr. and Mrs. Barron had been attracted to him in the first instance by wealth alone, and though they had ended by being won over by his unselfishness and bis kindly disposition, a certain tincture of contempt blended itself with their liking for him. Gertrude, too—though she was touched by his untlagging devotion to her—could not forget, poor girl, that he had supplanted Cyril. But Oliver's feeling for him was one of unmitigated affection, lie had met with great kindness at Adam's hands, and he had the enthu siastic gratitude of a boy. "My word, Gertrude," he said one day to his sister, "you don't halt know what a good fellow Adam is. He's too good—'pon my word he is. Everyone seems to get everything out of him they can." ipfrtpp^ "Do they?" she asked languidly. " Yes ; that they do. He's always got his hand in his pocket, and some o the fellows who are loafing on him are real duffers. Now, do you know, j think he's lent Cyril Paton money. I'm sure he has." "No, no," exclaimed his sister, turning pale. "Ah! But I'm sure of it," resumed Oliver emphatically. " xar. urainger wa9 taming aiiouc it at the Drisberglis' yesterday afternoon." "Then Mr. Grainger ought to be ashamed of himself," interjected Gertrude, flushing to the roots of the hair. "Not a bit of it!" retorted the boy. " Why should he be? You know that Cyril Paton hasn't a shilling, and yet he turned up at the betting-rooms the other night with a hatful of money, and the notes were South Sea Bank ones too, and—and be had an interview with Adam in the smoking-room, and—and — Gertrude put her fingers in her ears, and tears started to her eyes. "Stop, Oliver ! you cruel boy !" she cried. The boy's face grew grave, and he sat down beside her on the eofa. lie put his arm round her waist and kissed her cheek. "Poor old Gertrude!" he said. "I always thought you were fond of Cyril, but I hoped that you had got over it." "So I have!" interjected Gertrude, trying to regain her composure. "No you haven't, Gertrude ! You haven't by a long way," Oliver said seriously, "and I'm awfully sorry about it. I can't see what you see in Cyril. He's beastly selfish and bad-tem pered, and he thinks a dashed sight more of himself than anyone else does. He owes money all over the place. "Why there isn't a tradesman—" "Oh! of course Mr. Dyke is much richer," Gertrude admitted. " Oh ! It isn't on that account that I like Adain the best," exclaimed the boy with no little warmth. "No ; Adam is so straightforward and thoughtful. Why you have only to mention a thing and it's done if it's in his power. Why you know yourself that when I said how much I'd like to have a horse, I had no idea of getting one out of him. I didn't know that he was even listening to me—and there he went and made me a present of Banjo." " Yes, it was very good of him," Gertrude murmured. "Good is no name for him," cried the boy enthusiastically. "He's the greatest brick I ever knew, and worth a paddock full of Cyril Batons." Oliver propounded this comparison -with a warmth that precluded the possibility of reply, nor did Gertrude attempt to redeem Cyril in her brother's eyes. She knew that much of what he said was true, and her heart sank as she recognised the futility of defending her old 'over. " Oliver," she called out, as ber brother was leaving the room, " I want you a moment I don't want to discuss this subject any more, dear," Bhe said in a pleading'tone, "because— because I feel it very much. Please don't talk of it to me again. And Oliver," she added, as she caught him by the hand, "you won't say anything to Mr. Dyke about Cyril and me, will you, dear?" The boy promised, and he kept his word. But there were those who were not bound vy any promise of secrecy, and the news came to Adam's ears, notwithstanding precautions taken no o by Gertrude, but by Mr. and Mrs. Barron. His feeling was one ot pu | sorrow and sympathy for Cyril I "Poor devil 1" be reflected, as a compassionate look came into^ his honest eyes. "No wonder that he's going to the dogs. I won er doesn't hate me. 1 wonder that lie can stay here. . / couldn't. But, then, if Gertrude were to Rive me up—it would kill me, I'm sure it would," and the very idea brought a still graver look into his eyes. "I only wish that I could tell him how much I feel for him, but I suppose I can't," he reflected. Poor beggar ! If I can do anything for him I will." Meanwhile the young man whose position caused him such grave uneasi Mil. 11AUI10X TIIANKIXD ADAM DYKE I'Oll HIS " U F.XKROIS CUT Ell.I'lliip. II. I ness was doing his best to do him a great wrong. Whilst there was no ^! other lover in the field, Cyril had taken matters very coolly, content to be 'ion intimate terms with Gertrude without pressing for any delinite engage | ment. But her acceptance of Adam Dyke had kindled a fire in him of which he had never conceived the existence. Whilst lie was sure of her, he L AS ADAM PASSED THROUGH THE HALL MRS. DALE ACCOSTED HIM. 2. IN THE CLUB CARD- ROOM.—Chftp. IV. was but an indifferent Buitor; now that he had loBt her, he became an ardent lover. He had written to her repeatedly, but hia letters had invariably been relumed to him unopened. He had called at the houBe, as I have said, eeveral times, but Mrs. Barron was true to her word—the doors were 1 stubbornly closed to him. This was before his trip to Adelaide, and now on his return he made renewed efforts to effect his object He met with un expected success. The very first day that he went out to Toorak he caught sight of her in a part of the garden remote from the house. A moment afterwards he was by her side. She started back when she saw bin:, and turned as white as if she had seen a ghost. * P.rril I Prril I rnn ViAra " bVio /trio/1 no oVio nnat but. U3V U1UI away and looked from side to side in an agony of fear lest they should be seen together. "Yes, my darling!" he answered, and he drew her towards him, and kissed her with more passion than he had ever displayed when he was' permitted to do so. "Yes, and what is more, I intend to remain." 1 Gertrude still struggled to get free, but her efforts w.ere but halt-hearted. Her joy at seeing him outweighed her fear of detection, and the tears that came into her eyes were not tears of grief. "Come here, Gertrude, where we've sat so often and been so happy," be said, as he led her to a sheltered seat, "and let us talk the matter over. There's much in the past that we must both regret, but for Heaven's sake let us make no more mistakes/ In your hands lies the happiness of us both. There's yet time to avert what would be " "There's no time, Cyril! It can't be thought of," she cried, distractedly. "I tell you there is ! You don't know this man—you don't know him as I do. That he loves you I haven't the slightest doubt, and loves you well, but I tell you that if he thought that by marrying you he was giving you pain he'd rather cut off bis right hand than carry it through." "What am I to do?" asked Gertrude, biting her lip, whilst tears streamed.down her face. - ■ —^ " Do ? Why put the case plainly before him. Tell him the truth, Gertrude—that's all I ask you—tell him the truth." A bright epot came into the girl's cheeks, and she cast down her eyes. " I can't do it," she said. " You can !" Cyril cried angrily. " I cannot," she repeated, "now can I goto him at this last moment and acknowledge that I have loved another man all along. Think what it would be," she exclaimed passionately, as she turned her face to Cyril, and laid her hands on his arm. "He is so good and thoughtful. He seems to study my lightest thought, to live but to please me. How can I shatter his happiness at such a time and with such a blow ?" An angry gleam came into Cyril's eyes. " You didn't consider me a few months ago," he cried, as he cast off her hands from his arm," when 'you sent me off like a dog. Why should this man be treated with more consideration? What has he done to deserve it 9 TTrtfl IlA InvAri vnn "No!" "Then treat him as you did me." " I can't," faltered the girl, shaking her head and sobbing bitterly. "By Ileaven, you shall, " he cried, as he jumped up from the seat, and, utterly regardless as to whether he was seen or not, took several hasty steps backwards and forwards 011 the gravel path. iww, iuuk nere, uertruae, lie said in a calmer voice, as he sat down again and laid a hand gently on her shoulder, "I want you to thoroughly understand me. If I can't have you by fair means, I'll have you by foul. Now, will you explain to this man how matters have stood between us, and trust to his magnanimity to release you from your engagement ?" Gertrude hung her head but did not speak. "That means that you won't Very well. Then I shall take other measures." '"Oh, Cyril ! What will you do? " " Do? I'll tell you later on. First of all, give me your word that you will meet me here on Monday at the same time." " I can't, Cyril, I can't," sobbed the girl. " If you don't you'll only have yourself to blame," cried Cyril, with threatening emphasis. Gertrude looked into his eyes, and he read her answer before she spoke. " I'll meet you, Cyril." lie caught her in his arms, and kissed her again and again. "Thanks, my darling," he said. Who that takes an interest in racing could ever forget the excitement over the Derby of 1877, an excitement which was heightened by the fluctuations in the betting market for a month beforehand. It is true that Chester, the winner, had almost always been first favourite, but at different times First King and Woodlands ran him close. There were rumours, as there are every year, of wonderful trials. First King was reported to have done a mile and a half down at Geelong that broke the record, and Lockleys, so late as November 2, did a gallop which caused him to be in great demand. Then it was reported that if sufficient inducement were offered Woodlands would start, and there were not those wanting, and good judges too, who averred that if he did he would lower the great gun's colours. No one anticipated that it would be as easy a victory as it turned out, and even Chester's most enthusiastic supporters were not prepared to see him win as easily as he did. "There isn't a horse in England could beat me this day," his trainer was reported to have said, but people, and especially trainers, make such wild assertions when the. merits of a favourite horse are being discussed, that but little attention was paid to the remark. How ever, the result almost justified the assertion. Slightly before the turn Chester began to leave the field, and though Pluto made a gallant bid for victory, the issue was never in doubt Cyril Paton's good fortune was as much dis cussed as the racing itself, and many an envious eye was cast at him as he was paid over his winnings on the Monday morning. He had won some £7,000, and as he had coupled Chester with all the favourites for the Cup, the proba bilities were that he would land a very hand Bome stake over the meeting. The first thins that he did was to nav Adam Dyke, for that debt weighed like lead on his usually elastic conscience. " Oh! Dyke," he said to the latter, as he took him aside after lunch on settling day, " I want to square up with you. Let's see; how much was it that I owed you?" The possession oi money makes all of ub morelindependent; but Cyril's independence was of such an exaggerated type that it would have disgusted anyone more observant that Adam Dyke. " It was four thousand," said Adam, as he consulted his pocket-book; and then he added, in a hearty tone, " I'm so glad that you have had a Btroke of luck, and are in a position to get out of your difficulties." The words were kind, and were kindly meant, but they jarred on Cyril's nerves as few words had ever done before. " What do you mean?" he asked, testily. "That you weren't going to get paid unless I won?" A look of surprise as much as of pain came into Adam's face. " Not in the least," he said earnestly. "Ionly meant to congratulate you' on your good fortune, which gave me great pleasure. If I have hurt your feelings I heartily apologise." Cyril of course accepted the apology, and the matterdropped ; but the look of pain lingered on Adam's face long after Cyril had left him. " Poor fellow," he reflected. "My engagement must be a great blow to him. I'm afraid that we can never be friends." That afternoon Cyril went to Heimweh. Gertrude was at her post She looked pale and ill, and at first her languor contrasted strongly with his excitement; but as he told the story of his good fortune, and described to her the further luck that might be in store for him, 6he caught some of his Bpirit, and her face brightened. " I'm so glad, dear,"she cried, "for I couldn't bear to hear of you being badly off." He caught her in his arms and thanked her with a kiss. " Now listen, Gertrude, and don't interrupt me," he said, putting his arm round her waist aud pressing her close to his side. " I bet more heavily on the Derby than I ever did in my life ; but I had more to win than money, though the. money may win me—may win me—iriil win me that which I value most in the world. The only bar to our happiness was that I was a poor man. I've now a few thousands, and if Chester wins the Cup I'm a rich man. The obstacle to our marriage jio " " Stop, stop, Cyrilthe girl cried, as she buried her face on his chest. "I say the obstacle no longer wrists," repeated Cyril, "and that you must marry me. Say that you will, Gertrude, and make me the happiest man in Australia," . , A faint sob was the only reply. Cyril repeated the question, and as he did so lifted her head up and looked into her eyes. "Well, dear?" he asked tenderly. For a moment longer the issue was in doubt, but for a moment only. " May God forgive me !" Gertrude cried, aud again bid her face. At the identical time that this meeting was going on Gertrude's father was pacing his office in a very unenviable frame of mind. The firm of "David Barron and Company" had seen'many ups and downs, but it bad never found itselt in such a desperate strait as on that day. To do him justice Mr. Barron was, as a rule, a man of nerve, and in the past his pluck had often averted an apparently certain ruin. But now he was at his wit's eud, and a succession of reverses had for the time being utterly unnerved him. " Well! my hopes rest on this-man," be reflected, as be felt the edge of his nails impatiently, and walked up and down the room with a quick step. "If he fails me it's all up with me. 1 haven't a friend in the place who would help me. A friend? There's hardly a business man here but would given sly chuckle at my downfall. Well; 1 wonder when he will be here !' he went on, as he looked at the door with some anxiety, and listened for footsteps in the outer office. " I hope he has got my message. If he has be is sure to come." He sat down at his desk, and taking up a pen began tracing lines on the blotting-pad. His face wa9 unusually pale, and any one who knew him had only to look at him to see that he was greatly upset. " It's the most unlucky thing in the world that it should have happened at this precise time," he went on as he threw the pen impatiently from him, and leant back in his chair, "a month earlier or a month later it would not have mattered so much. I could have asked a favour of the sort much more readily a month ago than now, and a month hence there would hare been uo difficulty at all. Well ! I've got to take my chance. If he'll help me, well and good. If he won't there is only one thing to be done—turn insolvent," ana at the thought he bit his tliin under-lip with a strength that left the mark of each tooth. "I've been near it before, too near to be pleasant, hut it's hard at my age to have to lace the possibility—the probability of it. However, there is no use anticipating evil. Dyke can pull me through if he chooses, and as he is to marry my daughter " The thought was left uncompleted. There was a heavy step in the outer office, and the next moment one of the clerks announced the man whose name was on his lips. Mr. Barron went forward to meet him, and shook him by the hand. " Sit down, Adam," he said, pointing to a chair, whilst he himself turned the lock in the door. "I've something very particular to speak to you about" Adam's thoughts were so occupied with Gertrude that he immediately jumped to the conclusion that the impending revelation concerned her. " I hope it's nothing about Gertrude," he said anxiously, as he looked with uneasy eyes at Mr. Barron's berious lace. The merchant drew up a chair near him. "Not exactly," he answered in a low voice, "and yet it may reflect, so unjust is the world, it may reflect on her." " I hope not!" interjected Adam. "It may, however," resumed Mr. Barron ; "butof that you can judge for yourself. Adam Dyke, I am a ruined man. Unless assistance falls lrom the clouds—for I know no other place whence it may come—the firm of 'David Barron and Company' must go insolvent. A series of misfortunes bas overtaken me—misfortunes that it was impossible to provide against In the past I have had difficulties, great difficulties, and 1 have overcome them, but I tell you candidly that there is no hope oi doing so this time." The news was so different from what Adam had expected that he gave an unmistakable sigh of relieL "Of course you will have at once understood my reason for sending for you," resumed Mr. Barron. " I know that when you proposed to Gertrude you were not actuated by anything except your love for the dear girl, but row that our circumstances are likely to be so very different—so pain fully, painfully different," he said, as he leant his head on his hands, "it is only fair to yen to release, you from your engagement." Adam's colour rose, and he gave a nervous cough. "It isn't—it isn't Gertrude's wish to be released, is it?" he asked anxiously. "Not at all!" Mr. Barron exclaimed, with unusual quickness. A look of satisfaction came into Adam's face, which Mr. Barron rightly read as a good omen for his cause. " Then nothing more need be said abont it," said Adam, Bpeaking with no little warmth. "Nothing could alter my desire to make Gertrude my wife." As Adam Dyke Baid this be got up from bis chair, somewhat to the dismay of Mr. Barron, who half thought that he was going off without taking the bait which had been so prominently tendered him, and took a few paces up and down the room. " I hate dealing with fools, useful a9 they are at times," reflected the worthy merchant, as he Btole a cautions 'glance at the man whom he thus contemptuously described.- "I hope the beggar will make the first advance ; it's so devilish unpleasant having to ask a favour without any assistance from the man one-Asks "It 'from." The matter was not long in flOTrowjlMMjffi Dyke -wastoo well nsed to considering others to be long engwfejyj^^iljlhia jqwnjfiffaira. "But, 1 say," be cried, palling UP^gBMM^^lttle'walk, " the first thing Is to see what can be done for you."^aSB^nlolvettt. eh? Not whilst * have a penny to my credit" " . . It was Mr. Barron's tarn to give a siglfiC>f%£1Irf. " I cannot tell you how much I appreciateyour kindness," be Baid, with warmth; and for once bis mauuer was the genuine expression of bis feeling. "But I'm afraid that I'm too heavily involved for even pour puree. "Not a bit of it" interrupted Adam, heartily. "Let us go into the matter, and we will soon see, at any rate." ; Though Adam had been long used to large figures^ the revelations of Mr. Barron as to his indebtedness somewhat took his breath away. However, he expressed his willingness to "see him Lhrongblf as be called it and gave him a large cheque on account to tide him over for the time being. "I thought he was a clever man, but it strikes me he's a donkey," mused the fool as be left the merchant's office: "of course, I mean in money matters," he hastened to add, as if he had wronged the reputation of Gertrude's father. " My money is gone, but it can t be helped. I would pay three times the sum to save poor Gertrude the grief of knowing the truth." The merchant sat looking at the cheque which he held at half-arm in his lean fingers, and as he did so a look of indescribable triumph lit up his mean eyes, ■ - " A fool and bis money are soon parted," he reflected, as his thin lip curled with contempt "And what a fool, and what money J" He here /.flat an approving glance at the cheque. ' I think if he bad known the Erecise value of my correspondent's paper, that even be, rich as be is, would ave shirked the business." 