TUEF GOSSIP. BT AUGUE. With nothing first-class in the Victorian Club Hurdle Race, Mr. Barnard had to commence with Huntsman at list. 131b., and as the course is to his liking he may be brought out to carry the green and white of his owner, although the stake is not a very attractive one, as 20 sovs. o! the 100 So to the second hone. Buzza, if he were in is old fotm, wonld be dangerous at list 21b., and Revenge and Distiller have both performed well enough to entitle them to the weight which has been attached to their names. Mosstrooper, if as good as bis friends believed him to be when he fell . at Caulfield, is not overburdened at lOgt 101b., and Yet Again, Goodwood, Walhalla, Aristides, and Amateur have all been equitably handicapped, while amongst the lighter weights Marron and Hambledon. at 9at 41b. and 9st 31b. respectively, read better than anything else. 'Sumatra beads the list in the Two-year-old Stakes, and no doubt she is entitled to the position, while Epicurean has fairly earned the place he occupies; so, too, have Lady Lovell and Casuist Mistletoe is lairly well in at Sat, 51b., and Firebraoe and Sunshade have both been returned winners. Lord Allen is a very promising youngster, and at 7st 121b. nothing in the race looks better treated. Branchiopoda has never yet started, conse quently Me Barnard would not be justified in allotting him less than7st 101b., which weight is also.f^&bed; to Lithologist's name. Pingara is theliBmart,'filly who carried Mr. Miller's coloiiis to victory at Hoonee Valley and ran second to Escutcheon at Fleming ton. Falka and Liedertalel are two others who have caught the' jiidge'6 eye, and Fancy Preei, a beautiful daughter of Musket, per formed respectably at Moonee Valley, where she to be snsbeptible of improvement Lower cjown the lis£ Design, GJentwortk and Nectarine are all well used, and one of these, Pingara, or Fancy Free may catch the judge's eye on Saturday next . There iue some blots in the. Victorian Club Cop, the inost tierions being the handicapping ofXesb^AndJSssie. Duration israised 81b. for be'itjgxttn out on New Year's Day, but the distance is shorter and more suitable to the fine>lookinK son of Hnghendeh. Sheet Anchor and-Satdius receive oo consideration [or defeat, nor do Boolka and Grace Darling, but probably Mr. Barnard is correct in his estimate, lie has taken no notice of Silver mines performance on New Year's Day, for heh*s raised htm 41b., while Britisher remains at. the,Jtame weighty 8sb 71b. Hogmanay's running has been so consistently good of late thit Jie was well entitled t to 8st 61b., and Middlemarcb is verywell in at 8st. Sib. Sfefceor reads well at 8st 311%, the same impost that was allotted him in the Bagot Q^ndipap, Jmt,Recall" is raised 101b., and All poMl^iLj^)iiu.iB fturly well inat8*t lib., kuO. doift eeewhy be. should be called upon to iaeet The Leyite oh Slb/Worseterms than in Mi£y,AiT.G. |nmmer Ci^p. Gamefine tejiot mania, and is nothing like the performer that Leebia is, bat there is an idea that we have not yet eeen the best of the former. The latter seems to me to be always leniently handicapped, Ahd' though she nopr and then misses a good thing, she has proved asterlingmare under light weights, lifer best performance last season was winning the V.R.G. Autumn Handicap easily by four lengths. In that race St Odille made terrific running.but the game little daughter of Tim WhiiTler caught her in the straight and cut her down in brilliant fashion, the timepiece recording 2m. 54is. for the mile and five lurlongB. King of the WeBt has been carry ing all before him in the district from which he hails, and his owner can hardly complain at 7st. Metal has run respectably of late, and if Harvester can stay Gst 101b. should not prevent him running prominently. Duf ferin, Lara, Impulse, Beeswing, and WeBtern are all leniently enough need, but nothing seems bo well in as MeteOr, Lesbia, and Clap trap, and perhaps one of these three will win. It is difficult to understand why Lady Ashton has been raised 71b. in the Steeple chase and Contingent reduced Gib. Wnile giving Mr. Pearson s mare full credit for her best performance, the bundicapper has utterly ignored Contingent's ; Btill the big mare is so good over two miles, and, moreover, always tries, that, perhaps, she may be worth following once more if her- owner electB to start her. Studley and Ruby each has a fair dose, but the ancient Blackthorn is let down a few pounds. Miadlemarch's brilliant achievements have not been forgotten, and he has been awarded top weight in the January Handicap. Eveh with 9st. 41b. he would be hard to beat, but possibly he may be reserved for something later in the season,- In euch a field Mun wyrtina receives his full allotment in 8s121b. and so does Honora, but Ulalume, Xantippe, Harvester, Lando, and Louise Berta all look well upon paper. With the last mail have come the English turf statistics, the se-son having closed on the last Saturday in November, C. Wood added a win or two to his total, but he failed to catch the late Fred Archer's, Wood's number of victories being 167, while Archer at the time of hi? death had placed 170 wins to his credit The brothers Barrett occupy third and fourth positions on the list,George having 121 victories and Fred 94. Then come F. Watts with 93, J. Fagan 72, and Tom Can non 60. Among owners the Duke of Westminster stands first with £24,430 3s., most of which was won by Ormonde. . The lady who races under the nom dt course of "Mr. Man ton" is second on the list with £14,173, so that only one owner in England won more in stakes last season than the Hon. James White, whose total reached over £15,000. Mr. Abing ton is third with £11,444: then Mr. H. T. Barclay, £10,624; Duke of Beaufort, £9,563 ; Mr. D. Baird, £9,448; Duke of Hamilton, £9,379: Lord Zetland, £8.930; and General O. Williams, £8,07L The stallions list shows Bend Or at the top of the tree with four winners of 13 races, value £22,803; but the mighty Hermit treads close upon bis heels with 27 winners of 54 races, value £22,758, which, comparatively, is a better record, as Bend Or's winnings were nearly all appropriated by one horse, while Hermit had 27 winners to represent him. In four years Hermit's sons and daughters have won £112,916,'or an average ot over £28,000 per annum. This year-Petrarch takes third place with £15,112, and then follow Hampton, £14,562; Speculum, £12,948; War lock, £10,600; See-Saw, £9,600; Springfield, £9,421; and Galopin, £9,250. Two ot the most experienced trainers in England have given their opinions respecting the raising of the weights. Matthew Dawson says" If the weights were raised to lOst. do you not think yon would find list men try to get at the weight? We had a melancholy example the other day in poor F. Archer, whose lowest possible weight shonld have been Sat. 121b., Killing himself to ride 8st. 61b. If it is considered necessary to raise tbe weights to meet the requirements of two or three jockeys of the present time by all means do so,butas a matter of principle, I hardly think it would do any good. The Chifneys, Buckle, Robinson, Scott, Aldcroft, J. Osbomc, fee., rode underthe present ecaleof weights." Tom Jennings, the trainer of Gladia teur,differs Boinewhat in his ideaof the ques tion, for he writes:-"With respect to raising : the scale of weights'in all our races, I am of 1 opinion it can be done without the slightest injury to our racing, especially the weight for-age races. Daring a long period I have been in the habit of trying my horses-two year olds and upwards- carrying over 9st., very often 9st 71b., and I never detected any harm from so doing. Of coarse, I do not mean to say I think any horse conld carry 9s& 71b. in the same time that he conld carry 8st. 71b., but that does not signify, as we do not go by the time test. Yoa can see by what I have written I certainly advocate the raising of weights in all weight-for-age races." When two such eminent professors of tbe art of training differ, who shall decide} Fred Archer's lamentable death has given tbe clergymen of England splendid oppor tunities, and many of them have constructed sermons upon the snicide of the great horse man. One which attracted most notice was that delivered by the Rev. George Cunyer, at the Independent Church, Edmonton. He took for his text the words-" I count ail things but loss that I may win." He said that directly it was announced that he was to preach on this subject he received a vast number of letters criticising the course lie intended to pursue, and many of the writer* of those letters forgot to sign their namoe that was supposing they bad names to sign. Those letters were ail on the same lines, to the effect that it was highly improper to talk about jockeys in a sacred build ing. Well, they might think so, but he would temind them-and that, too, publicly-that propriety did not happen to be the watchword of the pulpit, fie contended, however, that any subject in the world was legitimate if it was useful, and if it was not useful it was not legitimate. Had any of them ever thought, he asked, that the Bible was not a drawingroom volume ? There were chapters in it which one could hardly dare to read by themselves. The very book was a portrait of humanity, and it they were going to photograph humanity they must photo graph it just as it wa& It was usual for the Btrietly religiousta look apon all frequenters ? of the turt as debauched, abandoned, and reprobate. - But these same people regarded the man who made a heap of money over some notorious stock-jobbing transaction as a very able man of business and a very sharp fellow, bat the man who put moneyon boreet, or who code a horse with the hazard of aheavy «take upon him, wm a Hackg^ard. in. their mind. ~ Jiet them be iieUentwleMSii^I»;!ll^^UioW'vS^^»] " ~t .t^e'tarT' tasbabds-tolfti \- . . ^ad^tW ltti Ldtur in hia particular he (the preacher) Ti^d .leartefcf a great deal from his life wbicft wdfi most useful to him, There were BO many good traits in his cha racter. They mast all admire his pluck in riding, and his alarming industry, while his thorough devotion to his life-work formed one of the best sermons. In addition to this, he possessed downright integrity. Of course he spoke according to jockey morals. His integrity was unimpeached, if notnnimpeach able, whilst his modesty was another aad remarkable trait in him. Idolised as he was, he was never given to brag, And his generous interpretation of other people's motives strongly impressed him (tne preacher). In deed, a good many Christians put less charit able motives upon one another's conduct in many instances. All these characteristics made the picture a downright fascinating one, and in many tespects a very admirable one. Lovers of a good horse will be glad to hear that Mernder is once more in work. What a sight it would be to see Mernder, Game, and Lady Ashton at their best in the next Grand National Steeplechase. Entries for the Echuca Handicap, Hurdlt Race, Flying Stakes, Ladies' Bracelet, and Town Plate close with the secretary, Mr. J. St. L. O'Brien, at the Commercial Hotel, ' Echuca, on Monday next, January 17. Trainers who are on the look-out for an establishment at Caulfield sheuld inspect the stables which were the property of the late Richard Howe. They have been placed in the hands of Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., who announce that they will receive tenders for a lease of one'or more years up till Monday, the 24th January. The property consists of lour acres of land, on. which are erected a comfortable five-roomed cottage, eight large loose- boxes, jockeys-room, fowl houses, and all necessary appurtenances tor a well- appointed training establishment. Such meetings as that which was held at Pakenhun last Saturday only degrade the turf. I didn't go down-I draw the line at such shows-but those who were there tell me that the arrangements were oi the very primitive order, and that the whole affair culminated in a free fight Mr. Brad shaw e Seaweed was made a great favourite for a race, and the yokete planked down theii money at evens, some of them laying 6 to 4 on, but a rank outsider named Warrior came in first He had, however, cut off some ground by going in side a post, and on a protest being entered, Warrior was disqualified and the stakes awarded to Seaweed. Natural lj the backers of the latter, who had wagered with the cash bettors, demanded their money, which was refused, the layers nrging that the? paid to the horse " first past the post' This incensed the backers of Seaweed, who went straight for the bookmakers, handled them roughly, and made some of them dis gorge. Nobody could blame the backers. They had backed Seaweed, who legally was the winner, and they were entitled to their money. If co.untry folk who are welshed would act as promptly as Seaweed's supporters did, we should near but little of the turf thieves who infest all our racecourses. This "first past the post" business, which is tolerated at out metropolitan courses, is a regular fraud, and at small meetings opens the door to all sorts of swindles. For instance, a horse may be backed at even money and odds on to win £1,000. How easy it would be for an arrangement to be made with the jockey of some outsider not backed for a shilling to cut off a hundred yards or so by running inside and finish "first paBt the post" According to the gentry who bet in cash, the backers of the favourite, who might be awarded the stakes, would lose their money, and they would go home rejoicing at having scooped the pool. The Y.R.C, and other respectable clubs should, in the public interest, refuse to license any bookmakers who do not pay to (hose to whom they are rightfully indebted. Mr. G. M'Cracken, vice-president of the Shepparton Turf Club, writes to complain tbat atthe Mooroopna meeting he wass windled by a bookmaker named Lynch, from whom be won a double of 10 sovereigns, andSO sovereigns outright The bookmaker acknowledged that he bad laid the wage re, bat refused to pay. If Mr. M'Cracken paid this fellow any money for the wagers, be could have him arrested for obtaining money under false pre tences. The only core for this system of awindlingis the totalisator, andMr. M'Cracken and others who suffer should use their best efforts to have it introduced. Mr. George Lynch, who bets at many country meetings, has requested me to state that be was not at the Mooroopna meeting, and is in no way connected with the Lynch who refused, to pay Mr. M'Cracken. The annual meeting of the St Arnaud Turi Club will take place on the 17th and 18th February. At the Perth (W.A.) races Agitation, who formerly figured here as a hurdle- racer, won the Town Plate. At the Brighton (Tasmania) races t>n New Year's Day Mr. J. Kearney's Granville, by King of the Ring from Kate, won the prin cipal race, the Brighton Plate. This horse was bred in Victoria by Sir William Clarke, who made him a present to Mr. Brent, ana since he crossed the Straits he has won several races. The Trial Stakes was won by Mr. 35. Kearney's King Louis, who is by Monarque from Buttercup. Mr. Cosgrave'e Shamrock, by Horatio, won the Hurdle Race, and Mr. Blacklow's Jennie, by Horatio.the Steeplechase; while Mr. R. Walter's Wild Rose, by Horatio, carried off the Flying Handi cap. Two totalizators were at work during the day. and did a good business. At the Beaconsfield Amateur Tnrf Club meeting, Mr. Heating's Lizzie, by Lapidist from Bella, wt>n the Maiden Plate; Mr. Killalea's Beadsman, by Perfection, the Hurdle Race : Mr. J. Powell's Paris, by JohnBull the Beacons field Handicap and Free Handicap Mr. Gillespie's De Batten, % Manuka, the Miners' Handicap; and Mr.' Resting1^ may Oat, by Manuka, tne Hying Handicap. At St Mary's Mr. J. Kearney won the Hurdle Usee and Miners' Purse with Kangaroo, » very fine horse, who was bred by Mr. John Field, and the Maiden Plate Bell to Tferlin, by Lothoii from Song. Rinitwobd does not appear to have altogether lost his form, for on the last day of the Hyderabad races he won the Peishk&r;'* Puree, beating Orphan «.nd others. Australasia is pretty well represented itt the entries tor the Kewmarket Handlcssp and Australian Cup. New Zealand especially shows up "welL for* glancing owthe nomi nations for the Nesrtnatlset Kamlic&p;, I notice that some of its. moat, prominent supporters of .the turf have cngagcd-horses. Tlje Hon. W, Robinson is represented by Mitrailleuse, by*lu»kefc from Eryciua, wbt>, it is said,.. was purchased by her . present lowner a ihort tima agft but astne fiUy 'ntfyB New 'Zealand papers s& Mt. ftaon'a thprehaay be aome mistake the beBt of which Bhonld carry the colours into a prominent place. Nelson, Trenton, and Tri dent are nominated for the Australian Cup, and if we can get these three together, they alone would provide a struggle worth a long journey to witness. Victorians would take an ex ceptional interest in Nelson, because he was bred in this colony, and has proved himself a horse of exceptional merit _ In framing the Geelong handicaps, Mr. Bond has not followed Mr. Barnard's lead. In the Geelong Cup he haB given the middle division a little the best of it, Ben Bolt, Britisher, Meteor, Lord Wilton, AH Gold, Recall, and Ringmaster looking particularly well treated. He has done the correct thing with Lesbia ana Essie. In the Geelong Handicap the same horses look well upon paper, and with so many flattered there should be good acceptances and Btrong fields. Mr. Clibborn has no reason to complain of the entries and acceptances for the meeting to be held at Randwick on Anniversary Day. For the Flying Handicap 41 horses have been nominated, and there are 23 in the Sovereign Plate, and 26 in the Corinthian Plate. An acceptance of 39 for the Anniversary Handi cap is complimentary to Mr. Scarr. The Tasmanians seem to be well satisfied with the entries received for the meetings to be held in the north and south of the island next month. They compare very favourably with last year's, and the islanders are greatly pleased to find that the entries received from this Bide are equal to their own in point of number. For the Hobart Cup 26 horses have been nominated, the Hon. James White's name appearing in the list with Volcano and Hexham. I hope he will send one or the other over. Either could be shipped direct from Sydney to Hobart. and then get to Melbourne a fortnight before the V.R.C. meeting. There is nothing very grand from Victoria, Duration being a iong way the best The Wilson Memorial Stakes has 21 entries, and the T.R.C. Handicap has 22. The Tas manian Turf Club nominations are equally satisfactory, the Launceston Cup having 24 entries, which number would have been in creased to 23 bad not the Hon. Thomas Reibey sent the nomination of Hawthorne too late. In the T.T.C. Handicap there are 23. I notice the name of Larpent in both races, but I doubt it he will ever stand a prepara tion. Among the half-score nominated for the Steeplechase is Monarch, who should be all at home over the Hobart and Launceston courses. There are nine youngsters in the Two-year-old Stakes, four of them being by The Assyrian, one by Manuka, one by Fili buster, one by Torchlight, one by Lothair, and one by Lapidist Silverton, a son of Manuka and Silverthread, is highly spoken oL He won at Carrick on Boxing Day, and another winner nominated is Merlin, by Lothair from Song. The steamship Bucephalus sailed for India on Wednesday morning, taking a shipment of 250 carefully selected horses for the Indian market Of this shipment 200 were! for Mr. R. J. Hunter and 50 for Mr. James Thomson, one of the shrewdest judges in, Victoria. Aglaos, who was purchased by P. Kelly, has been fired, and his owner hopes to get bim to the post again. From Sydney 1 learn that both Trenton and Trident are doing well, aud their meeting in March is looked forward to with a great deal of interest The weights for the New Zealand Cup have been declared, and Nelson, who romped home so easily in the Auckland Cup, has been awarded 10st lib., and even with this impost he would be hard to shake off, but in all probability he will come to Australia for the autumn campaign. Tasman has 8st. 121b., and if he were the Tasman of old, there wonld not be much difficulty in selecting the winner. He has, however, been lame, and it is doubtful if O'Brien can ever get him to the poBt again. Lochiel should have a show at ?st 111b., and Maligner, 7st 91b., Captain Webster, 7st 91b., and Lady Norah, 6st. 61b., read as well as anything else. Boolka has been scratched for all engage ments at the Geslong meeting. Mr. George North will hold a sale of horses at Namurkah on Friday, February 4, when be will dispose of 250 of all ages. I am glad to say that Commotion is pro gressing favourably. Racing appears to be going ahead in West ern Australia. At the Perth meeting, where the Victorian horses First Priuce and Agi tation carried off the chief prizes, the profits of the club were something like £700, and it is proposed to raise next year's cup to 500 sovs. The outcome of the rnnning at the late meeting has been a match between First Prince and Telephone, two miles, for 100 sovs. aside, First Prince to carry 9st aud Telephone 7st. 31b. It will be decided on the 29th January. What a pity JMr. Finnie could not find some other name than Lnrline for his filly, which won the January Stakes at the Queens land Turf Club meeting. These repetitious of names are likely to lead to endless con fusion in after years. She is by Guinea from Laputa, by Angler from La Mousse, and was purchased by Mr. Finnie at Mr. De Mestre'a sale. Touchstone, who was second, iB by Vespasian from Grey Esperance; and Miss Darebin, who was thud, is by Darebin from Miss Pitsford. Fano, who won the Flying Handicap, and Norman, who won the Selling Plate, are both by Epigram, and Pirate, who appropriated the Midsummer Handicap; is a son of Westminister and Perl The winner of the Hurdle Race, Friction, is by our old friend Melbourne, and the Vic torian-bred Merrijig carriedofftheEagle Farm Handicap.. His form, however, in the Selling Race was widely inconsistent, for in that he started with odds of 6 to 4 on him, and finished last of three, while in the Eagle Farm Handicap he met oqe of liis former opponents on 7lb. worse terms and beat hor. H. Walsh, his trainer, was called noon for an explanation, which was considered satisfac-, tOff. P. Kelly informs me that Ben Bolt has re turned to bis establishment, but under dif ferent arrangements to those which governed the horse previously. Acceptances and general entries for the Avoca meeting close on Wednesday next, 19th inst M. O'Brien has made P. Kelly a present of hehnrdleracer Vanderbilt Those wi»b have horses nominated in the ViCtorian Club Cup, Hurdle Race, Steeple chase, fund January Handicap are reminded that horses not scratched by 4 p.m. on Tuea dav next will be considered acceptors, and Jhe)4ji&ble; for die sweepstakes. M&Hon.; W. Robinson and Major George gotlottigk wordt at the Auckland meeting, ^thelatter with unsnorfs And the "Major retaliated, ideal of recrimination, but "Some^pltbeNewZea awfullr rough. on' the ' frpoh described as racing man ln; of tbe weights in the January Handicap to be run at the Victorian Club meeting. The Ghost ia raised 101b,, Coronet 51b., and Dan lop 21b., Stafford 61b., while Marie Louise has been reduced 71b., Louise Berta 81b., and Xantippe 31b. The yearlings purchased by Victorians at the New Zealand Company's sale will arrive next week, and will probably be accompanied by the *5M -J iL-w.,* cheon, Bon, D. stable, while the colt by Musket from Leila will be placed in Mr. F. F. Dakin's hands. The Hon. W. Robinson has had bad luck with his colts Torrent and Disowned. Both were .destined for Australia, but tUey have gone wrong, and neither will, I think, visit us. This is very unfortunate, as Mr. Robin son believed he hada real clinker in Diso wned, with whom he had strong hopes of clipping the wings of Trident. , J Elsternwick-park will be the attraction this afternoon, and if the weather be fine the grounds of the V.T.C. should be well worth a visit For the Hurdle Race nothing looks better upon paper than AValhalla and Sink ing Fund. The Two-year-old Stakes would look a good thing for Fancy Free if she were to start, and in her absence Liedertafel or Pingara should win. For the January Han dicap I fancy Umbra, Vasco, and Blondin; Sorcerer or Mistake may win the Selling Race, and King of the West or Vasco the Elsternwick-park Handicap. Owners of horses are reminded that entries | for the Rochester Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Trot close with the hon. secretary, Mr. W. M. Clinton, at Tidy's Re&tdown; Hotel, on Tuesday next, the 18th inat In addition to the yearlings mentioned as I to be sold by Messrs. Yuille and Co. in | March, there will be 14 from the Laceby stud of Mr. James Pateraon. They are by King Tom and Herschel. Mr. Fred Woodhouse, jun., announces by advertisement that coloured portraits of the Melbourne Cup winner, Arsenal, are now ready; price halt-a-guinea. Owners of horses engaged at the Deniliquin meeting are reminded that acceptances must be in the hands of the secretary, Mr. James Tbies, before 8 p.m. on Thursday next, the 20th inst. The attention of racing men is directed to the bill of fare provided by the Ararat Turf Club. It appears in full this week. . West Lowan races will be held on Friday, February 18. The leading item in the pro gramme is the West LowaU Handicap, which, with other events, close with the hon. secre tary, Mr. T. H. Clipson, on Saturday, the 29th January. The Albury Tnrf Club is in the field with an excellent programme tor Wednesday and Thursday, the 16th and 17th March. The ] Albury Cup is the chief item iu the pro gramme, and this jear Mr. John Hore will present the winner with a gold cup value 100 sova, while the club will add 100 sovs. The Mares' Produce Stakes of 100 sovs, Hurdle Race of 40 sovs., Selling Race of 30 sovs., Ladies' Bracelet value 30 sovs., and Maiden Plate of 30 sovs. are included in the first day's bill; and the chief race on the second day is the St Patrick's Handicap of 100 sova, the other events being a Two-year old Handicap of 30 sova, Prince of Wales Stakes of 25 sovs., Steeplechase of 60 sovs., Flying Handicap of 30 sova, and Final , Flutter of 20 sovs. Entries close with the | secretary, Mr. Ten Brink, at the Globe Hotel, Albniy, on February 16. Entries for the Connewarre Plate, Selling Stakes, and Stewards' Purse, to be run at the Geelong meeting, cloBe with Mr. J. D. Robin son, and at the V.R.C. and A.J.C. offices on Monday next, January 17. j The full programme oi the meeting to be held at Elscerowick-park in February appears this week. In addition to the Brighton Cup of 300 so vs., it contains a Time Handicap Trot of 75 sovs., Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., Flying Handicap of 100 sova.. Steeplechase of 100 sova, and Selling Race of 100 sova This should be good enough for one afternoon. Entries close on Monday, January 24 Queenacliff races will take place on the j 23rd February. The programme appears this week, and contains six events, viz.:-Trial Stakes, of 20 sova; Trot, of 20 sovs.; Queens cliff Cup, of 20 SOVB ; Husgett Stakes, of 60 sova; Pony Race, of 10 sova; and Hilling Race of 20 sova Entries close with the hon. secretary, Mr. G. F. Baillieu, at the Ozone Hotel, Queenscliff, on the 29th January. It is a pity the Qaeenacliff folk have chosen the 23rd February for their meeting, as that is the day upon which tbe Williamstown meeting will be held. If they make it Thursday, the 24th, they can depend upon having big crowds down in the Ozone and the Lonsdale. Indian traders and others will bear in mind | that Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Ca's sale of 600 or 700 horses will commence on Thursday next* at their Albury yards, and will be con tinued on the two following days. Moonee Valley programme for the 5th Feb ruary appears this week. It contains six events, viz.,Maiden Plate of GOsova,February Handicap of 50 sova. Hurdle Race of 50sova, La Rose Handicap of 50sovs., Selling Race of 50 SOVB. , and Le Iloi Handicap of 75 sovs. En tries close on the31st January. The members of the Tasmanian Racing Club committee are determined to make members of the ring pay through tbe nose for the privilege of betting at El wick, for at a meeting, held doting the week it was de cided that the fee for the right to lay the odds should be 10 guineaa Nor will any but re cognised licensed bookmakers be allowed to ply their calling even for this sum. From what I can glean I don't think many of our bookmakers will trouble the island this year. There is metal more attractive on this side, and besides, there is the " infernal machine," I which is sure to monopolise the lion's share | of the business. T. Peyton arrived from Sydney yesterday, and brought with him the Hon. Jaa White's Trident, Volcano. Aberdeen, Perfume, and Abercorn, all looking well. Mr. Fennelly, I regret to toy, is still unwell. Mr. T, Lamond will probably leave Sydney next week with Trenton and several others, and Hexham and another will probably join the Hoa James White's string after the S.T.C. meet ing. Mr. Robert Mitchell, well known among sporting men as the host of tbe Racecourse Hotel, has been elected by a large majority a member of the Flemington CounciL The member elect is a strong advocate for the establishment of a recreation reserve on the ground which the Melbourne Corporation made such strenuous endeavours to gain possession of with the object of converting it into a beastly cattle-yard. . The racing men, as. well as. the other inhabitants of Fleming ton, are to be congratulated upon the election of a man who will do his best to improve the sanitary condition of the district. 8ceftcHre8B. r- Victorian <3ub.-Hurdle Baee- j Mirth. !.B. Tiro-jw-ol<J SUk^-Onwrd, llist)* ! toe, lidrt Inld. . Vietarbui Club Chip-"The' Nun, Ben Bolt, Kohri. War -yjSB"-" 