MR. GEO. MULLER ON PSALM XXIII. At the Methodist New Connection church on Tuesday evening last, Mr. Miiller took the above Psalm as his theme. He said the first four verses set forth the union between the Lord and His people under the figure of a shephrrd and his sheep. In tlie two last verses the sam.' union was set forth under the figure of a host and his guest. As far as time would permit each verse of the Psalm would be considered a little. David called the Lord his Shepherd, and expressed the conviction that lie should not want, David was a king, a mighty king, able to bring into the field a million and a half of men. He was a rich king, and could have paid the national debt of England twice over. In giving David such wealth, God showed what he was able to do for His poor and needy ones. It was not on this account, however, that David said, " I shall not want," but because he could say, " The Lord is my Shepherd." If they could say " the Lord is my Shepherd," they would also be able to say, "I shall not want." Notice the word "my." Christ was precious not only to David, to the apostles, to the evangelists and martyrs, but to all who trusted Him to-day. It was his heart's desire that each one then present should be able to call Christ theirs. This was the beginning of real joy and true happiness. He had sought happiness from every other source for twenty years and had not found it. He had found it in Jesus and had enjoyed it for sixty-two years. The longer he lived the more precious Christ became to his soul. All he needed he found in Him, and what Christ was doing for him He was doing also for tens of thousands of others and would do for them if they would trust Him. Passing on to the second verse, Mr. Muller said that the figure indicated that the slieep were not hurried, but led to the kind of pasture they liked, where they could lie down and rest amidst abundance. They were not taken to the tumultuous mountain torrent whicli would frighten away the weak and timid sheep, but to the quiet peaceful waters where they could drink without fear. This indicated the blessed position into which those are brought who have obtained Jehovah Jesus as their Shepherd. Who gave them not merely all they needed for the body, but all spiritual blessings in heavenly places as well : not merely obtaining what they required, but the Lord opening wide His liberal hand and giving them more than they could receive. Was this true regarding themselves ? Some spoke as though it were a miserable thing to be a Christian, but there was no joy to com- pare with it. If they would take God at His word and believe that they were forgiven and saved, the result would be peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. This was lying down in green pastures. Speaking on the third verse, Mr. Muller said the word " restoreth " meant to refresh. The verse should read, Herefresheth my soul, &c.; Christ refreshed his sheep. They needed spiritual invigoration to stand against the power of the wicked one. Did they know Christ in this character ? Personally he could say that he did. He had suffered many trials, and was often weary, but at such times he went to Jesus and said, " Oh, my denr Jesus, I am very weary. Speak a word in season to mq and refresli my soul," and he never failed to receive the refreshment he sought. If they would begin to do this, to do it now; they would not find life a burden, from which they would long to be free. It would become to them as it was to him, a joy to live and work for Christ. The last clause of this verse taught that christians needed Christ to lead them along in the right way. It was necessary to depend every moment upon the Lord for strength. From the fourth verse they learned that when the great crisis of life came, when the heart and flesh began to fail, the christian was not left alone. The sheep was not left without help when help was most needed. In death as well as in life Christ was with His people. Though the time was quite gone lie could not help saying a few words on the two last verses. Here the figure was changed to that of a host and his guest, uod prepared His people a table in the presence of their enemies. Their greatest enemies were the world, the flesh, and Satan. In In spite of these enemies God prepared a table for his guests. That Table was His Word. In His Word God had given to men all they needed. We must partake of this provision. A spread table would profit men nothing unless they partook of it. If believers come to God's table and partook they would be nourished and fed, notwithstanding all their foes, So he had found it in his own experience. To profit by the Bible they should read it carefully, prayerfully, mediating upon it, and applying it to their own hearts. They should say, how does this apply to me? How does this warn, comfort, exhort, instruct me ? Thus they would profit by the word read. He would affectionately ask them " How much time they had spent in reading God's Word that day ? What truth had they that day found in the Bible ? They had found time to take at least three meals for the body ; what time had they given to sitting down at the table prepared by God 1 In the hurry and bustle of modern life, there was a temptation to neglect the Bible. He begged them if they would have a robust spiritual life not to do so« The annointing the head with oil, signified the gift of the Holy Ghost. In conclusion, the Psalmst having tasted the blessedness of being a guest in God's house, was resolved to become an inmate of that House. He would leave it no more. He said, "I will dwell'in the House of the Lord for ewr." It was so blessed to be a child of God, tin t those who once tasted that joy, never wanted to iose it. The longer he lived, the more joy it gave him to be a Christian. That his hearers might, everyone, experience the joy of having the Lord as their shepherd, and of being guests in His house was His fervent and earnest prayer. 