THE CONGREGATIONA.L JUBILEE. FAREWELL TO ENGLISH DELEGATES. A crowded public meeting was held in the North Adelaide Congregational Chnrch on Wednesday evening, September 28, to bid farewell to Dr. R. W. Dale and Mr. Albert Spicer, the delegates from the Congregational Union of England and Wales to the Intercolonial Conference held to celebrate the jubilee of Congregationalism in South Australia. The meeting was preceded by a tea in the lecture hall, which attracted a large gathering. A spacious temporary platform had been erected in the Church for the accommodation of speakers and the reprensentatives of various religious bodies. The Kev. F. W. Cox presided. The CHAIBMAN having spoken, a farewell address, referring to the labours of Dr. Dale and Mr. Spicer on behalf of the Ccngrega tional Jubilee movement, was read. The CHIEF JUSTICE said it appeared to him to have been a singularly happy arrangement, having regard to Congregational principles and to the history of Independency in these colonies, that one of the representatives of the CongregationBl Churches in England and Wales to the Churches of South Australia should be a layman; and he thought every one must agree that the choice was a happy one when it fell on a Nonconformist who was loyal to the Church of his fathers, and one whose carriage had not carried him past the Chapel or the meeting-house to a Church with a more aesthetic worship or with greater social preBtiee. (Cheers.) Coming to Dr. Dale, he was sure they would all agree with that he was the most distinguished minister of religion wbo had visited South Australia since the visit of the Rev. Thomas Binney. (Hear, hear.) When he said that he did not forget that they had had a visit from the Bishop of Manchester. Dr. Moorhouse was certainly the most eloquent platform speaker to whom he had listened in Australia or anywhere with the exception of John Bright; but, after ail. his position as a theologian was not comparable to that of Dr. Dale, and in addition the platform which he had spoken from in Australia was a provincial and colonial one, while Dr. Dale addressed two hemispheres. (Cheers.) Dr. Dale's public ntterances in South Australia had been quite worthy of his high reputation, whether they began with that noble discourse in which he justified the ways of God to man, or to tbat admirable sketch of Congregational history which he gave on the previous evening, and which induced them to hope that he would direct his great powers to the writing of a worthy history of religious thought during the last fifty or 100 years. (Cheers). The Revs. Dr. PATON, W. R. FLETCHER, and S. HEBBITCH also spoke. Air. SPICER said—I confess that I agree very cordially with the Chairman in the expression that it is difficult to remember that it is now nearly a month ago since you gasre us the first welcome at the Adelaide Railway Station, followed by that wonderful welcome in the Town Hall a few days afterwards, and that we have now come to bid farewell to one another. You, Sir, have referred to the mingled feelings with which you have anticipated these meetings. I can assure you for my part that our feelings were very mingled also. I often wondered while on the voyage out why it was I had accepted the invitation that Mr. Searle had brought to me in your name. But when I accepted it I did so because I believed it was more than an invitation, that it was a call, and looking at the long connection which I had had through my honoured father with the colonies, looking at the fact *that those connected with me in business were willing to do my work during my absence, it seemed to me that the hand of Providence pointed in the direction of Australia, and to Australia I came, and I certainlv speak with very mingled feelings to-night. On the one side I will not heBitate to say that 1 am somewhat glad tbat my speaking in South Australia is oyer. I tbink if you work all your laymen as hard aB you worked me dnring the last week, and give them preaching to do as you have me, thev would feel as I do now. (Applause.) But there is a sad side to it in tne fact that we are now compelled to look forward to leaving our many friends. Speaking for my wife aa well as for myself I am sure we snail never forget the kindness we have received from every one while we have been in your city. The work, I freely admit, has been hard, not BO much on account of the meetings or even of the preparation for the meetings, as on acconnt of the kindness shown by everybody making it necessary almost for UB to have three or four more hours in a day to enable us to get through our engagements, and I am sure you will forgive me if I Bay that whilst I cannot mention all the names of those who have treated ns so well I rejoice exceedingly that on this platform is one who has been to us the very dearest friend throughout this visit. I refer to His Honor the Chief Justice. (Cheers.) We came into bis house by his invitation as strangers from the old country, but so unvarying has been his kindness from that moment until now that the other day when I sent a message to him that we were coming back from Port Pirie, I felt that the only words I could say were, " We are coming home." (Cheers ) We are not accustomed to use such words as these unless our feeling goes with the words. (Hear, hear.) I thank him very heartily, both on my own behalf and in the came of my wife and those we represent. I fully realized, however, that in receiving the welcome I have received at your hands and in receiving the kindnesB you have shown to us I ought not to accept this as the treatment of an individual. I accept it because I have the honour and the privilege to represent thousands of laymen in England and of being a delegate from the Congregational Union of England and Wales, and beyond that because I have the good fortune to hold a name that has been known now for some generations in connection with I trust all that is best in Congregational Church life. (Cheers.) I do not hesitate to say this visit will tend to draw closer the ties which bind this country with the old mother country. It is perfectly true, not only in Birmingham, but in different parts of England, that many are reading news from Australia who in the ordinary way are not accustomed to read such intelligence. A new interest is created with members of families and members of the Churches by means of these visits, and I know, speaking for my own Church, that Australia—although 1 am glad to say it has already many ties which bind our Church to this and the other colcnies—will have a new interest in the hearts of those people because of all we shall be able to tell them of your work and of your love. Some one has hinted that at any rate Dr. Dale and I were not jealous of one another as a deputation. (Cheers and laughter.) Certainly I know my good friend Dr. Dale has no need to be jealous of me, for 1 have equally with yourselves appreciated the privilege of hearing him speak. I do not often have that privilege in England, and it has been one oi thejeysot my voyage out that 1 have been with him day by day, and have listened to his words, and I trust that we may all be better for what we have heard from his lips and for the example which he sets us. It has been my misfortune several times owing to his kindness during this visit to stand between the meeting and Dr. Dale, and I have tried to use that privilege with discretion, and I intend to do EO again to-night. I thank you again for the kindnesB you have shown to us, and I pray that all that has been said may receive divine blessing. (Cheers.) I have tried—T can say it before God—to be simply myself, 1 have tried to speak out the experience of my own heart and life, and I can desire nothing greater or grander for those who with me are growing up and will have to take year by year a greater share of responsibility not only of home life, not only of commercial life and of the public life of this country, when I say that I trust the result of these meetings will be that we shall all appreciate tbat we have a higher calling, that God has called us to a noble position, that He has entrusted each one of us with a service for Him, and that as we exert ourselves in His name. He will enable us to be blessings to those with whom we come in contact and blessings to the country in which we live. (Cheers.) Dr. DALE, received with cheers, said—I am sometimes in the habit when I am at home of saying that with many great and noble qualities we of the English race are conspicuous for one great defect. We are afraid to tell other people how much affection, and bow much esteem, and how much respect we cherish for those with whom we are associated. I sometimes quote a phrase which I found somewhere a great many years ago— "Love me and tell me so," and I am inclined to think that on the other side of the world English people need to be reminded of the duty of letting those whom they love know of their affection. Whether it is owing to the sunnier skies under which you are said to live—(laughter)—or to some other canse I am unable to determine ; but, at any rate, you seem in parting from the mother country to have escaped from that hereditary imperfection of our race. (Cheers.) Whilst listening to the very generous words of the address, which I gratefully acknowledge, and to the extremely kind speeches which have been delivered since the address was handed to me, I have been reminded of something that happened to me a great many years ago, and which 1 have often recalled since. When 1 was a very young man—not qnite 20 and still a student—I waB asked by Mr. J. A. James, whose colleague 1 subsequently became, and whose successor I now am, to preach for him on one Sunday morning. I am bound to say I think he asked me by mistake. (Laughter.) I was not theu in the " preaching class," and as my friends on the platform who have been at our English Colleges know, the impression in England is tbat until a student has been in the preaching class it cannot be expected that he should be ableto preach. However, I preached. It was on the first Sunday of the month, and Mr. James delivered an address at the Lord's Supper afterwards, in which he referred very generously to the sermon he had just listened to One of the founders of Springhill College was an old lady of great sagacity and kindness, to whom I liked to listen when she told me about the experience of her early life dnring the latter part of last century. 1 had a message from ner on the Monday morning that ehe wanted to speak to me. I called, and for half an hour she said nothing of exceptional importance, but aB I rose to go she said " Oh, my dear, I hear that Mr. James said some kindly things about your sermon in his address at the Lord's Supper. Well, you must not mind; it is only his way." (Laughter.) The tone of profound sympathy in which she expressed herself touched my heart, and when 1 ueed to listen to him afterwards speakiDg of me as he was apt to Bpeak in his generous manner, I often thought of her, and while I have been listening to the words of excessive generosity which have fallen from the lipB of my friends to-night I have thought of her again. (Cheers and laughter.) I am very grateful to them for all their kindness, and I Bhould like to take this opportunity of expressing my sense of obligation to many who are not here to-night who have shown to Mrs. Dale and to my daughter and to myself very great courtesy and very great kindness since we came to your beautiful city. It is rather dangerous, amid such a crowd of friends, specially to refer to any, but I should like to acknowledge the courtesy we have received from His Excellency the Governor—(cheers)—from the Bishop of Adelaide—(cheers)—from the Mayor of Adelaide, and other distinguished citizens ; from Sir Samuel Davenport, and from Mr. J. H. Angas, to whom principally we owe a most interesting journey up country, and from whom I received, whilst sitting at his side on the box of the coach, a most interesting and charming account of the early days of this colony and the services which his father had rendered here. (CheerB.) Mr. Alexander Hay and other gentlemen have also shown us great consideration. But, Sir, I must be allowed, evea after what my friend Mr. Spicer has said concerning His Honor the Chief Justice, specially to refer to the unexampled and unmeasured kindness which he has been showing UB since we have been here. He is endowed— indeed I have discovered that he has many varied accomplishments, but I venture to say that one of his most conspicuous qualities is a positive genius for hospitality. (Cheers.) At his table we have been enabled to meet many of the most distinguished men of your public and political life. I must confess that I am a little uncertain about the results of the extremely pleasing conversations that I have had with those gentlemen. I knew something about Australia when I landed at Hobart about five weeks ago, but as the result of listening to them—well, to-night I feel that I have no opinionB at all. (Langhter.) I shall have to wait for a few weeks for all that I have heard to settle down and take form. At present mv thought is in a very chaotic condition about many of the most important questions about thiB colony in which I am interested. How long the process of evolution will take befoie chaos will pass into cosmos I am not prepared to predict. (Cheers.) I should like also to refer to the very greit kindness that we have received from Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher. I esteem it to be one of the most felicitous circumstances connected with my visit here that I have come to know Mr. Fletcher, of whom of course I have heard for many years past, but whom I have not had the pleasure of meeting since hat time when I inspired him with so much we. (Cheers and laughter.) And I see ne gentleman in this audience to-night to hom 1 must be allowed to refer, who Is ainly responsible for my being here at alL cannot express my sense of obligation to r. Searle for the unwearied—I will say for the affectionate—kinkneBS that he has been showing to us ever since we came to Adelaide, and for the incessant anxiety he has shown to make onr visit to this colony agreeable to ns. (Cheers.) Well, you have been eood enough to say in the address that has been submitted to us that you are grateful for our visit;. Let me speak frankly and Bay that I think here and there I have discovered some indication of disappointment. There has been on the part of many—not a few at least of those with whom I have spoken—an extreme anxiety that I should espreBs some opinion in public concerning questions on which the public life of this colony is agitated. It seemB to be the impression here that I spend most of my time in England in conducting an assault on one of the most venerable institutions of the country. It is true that I feel it my duty to take part in the great agitation for the disestablishment and disendowment of the Anglican Church. (Cheers.) I have joined in that agitation under a grave sense of religiouB duty, but, as 1 have ventured to say before, it is altogether a misapprehension to suppose that my chief strength and my chief time are devoted to that agitation. I also engage in many educational controversies, and, what affords me much greater pleasure to look back upon, in the administration of great educational institutions; and perhaps it is not unnatural that some of those who know but little of my public life in England should expect me when I came here to discuss eccnomical and political and educational questions here. Well, I have avoided them all, and I intend to avoid them, for many reasons. (Hear, hear.) You know a great deal more about England, no doubt, than I knew when I came here about South Australia, but, with the utmost respect for the men who stand in the very forefront of the public life of this colony. I venture to say that if they came to discuss with us iu England questions on which the public mind there is divided, we Bhould be certain to find in what they said many indications that they were not familiar with the forms the controversies had assumed at home of late. Not until I had been in South Australia many months should I be in a position to discuss seriously the topics which are dividing the politicians and public men in this colony. I have a great dread of talking about things I know nothing about, and therefore, so far as your public controversies are concerned, I came to learn what I could rather than to teacb, and I may say further that while to me questions relating to the development of a free and rich and noble municipal life, questions relating to the development of a great and comprehensive system of public education, have the very keenest interest at home, there are" other questions which there as here transcend them infinitely in interest and importance for me; and it seemed to me therefore that for a tew months I might throw off the yoke and choose my own part—that I was under no obligation here to touch the exciting and troubled questions that I am nder an obligation to touch at home, and that I was free to speak to you on those matters about which I care most, and about which I vas sure I was able to speak under a strange sky most wisely and most effectually. (Cheers.) Differences grave* and seriouB contrast your public life with outs. The same questions assume different forms at home and here, and although there are great central truths which 1 thiDk should determine the solution of these questions everywhere, I am old enough in public life to feel this, that men who discuss great questions in the air without touching facts are not likely to speak with great advantage to thoee who lieten to them. (Hear, hear.) But so far as those great truths and obligations and hopes are concerned of which I have spoken, those are the same in every clime; those are the same among people of every race, and I was sure that speaking in the name of Christ concerning those things which I trusted Christ had taught me to those who also had sat at His feet, you would recognise for yourselves our common kinship to Him. What I have learned you had been learning, and if I had been taught anything thatyou had only imperfectly discovered, I was sure that under the illumination of the spirit you would rejoice to listen to me, as I in my turn would rejoice to learn from you what had before been but imperfectly known to me. (Hear, hear.) ftow, at this closing meeting there are a few things which I should like to speak about, but I limit myself to one or two. I should like to speak to those associated with the Congregational Churches in this colony concerning a subject discussed at the recent Conference, but which I was not able to refer to then. 1 hear a great deal in this colony from Congregational ministers and others about Congregational Church life in the absence of ecclesiastical conflict, and sometimes there has been a faint suggestion that it is rather a disadvantage to Congregational Churches to be exempted from ecclesiastical conflict. Let me say juat for a moment that you ought to thank God from your very hearts that you have not to carry these conflicts OD. (Hear, hear.) You are not fighting for freedom—freedom is won, and you have to use it. In the old country our whole ecclesiastical life is influenced more or lesB injuriously by conflicts forced upon us by our position. I need only refer to tne political aepectof the controversy on thepartof the free Churches, which sometimes appears to lead people to forget tbat we are not struggling for political ends, but are struggling for the assertion of the Congregational Churches tbat to the Lord Jesus alone are we responsible, and to Him alone should we look for the development of Chnrch life and for ecclesiastical action. Now, you are in no danger of being absorbed by the political interests of the straggle in which the free Churches of England are engaged. You are left free _to develop in your Churches that reverence for the supreme authority of Christ which constitutes the life and strength and glory of the ChuTches who heattily recognise it. We in England are living under great disadvantagep. We have had to protest, we have been forced to proteBt, through generation after generation, ageioBt what we regard as certain false conceptions of the power and functions of the Christian sacraments which &Te; found in the offices of the Anglican Church, which is the established Church at home. The result of that has been, as I think, to drive us into a position which it iB extremely difficult to maintain and to justify in relation to the sacraments. In our" intense anxiety to escape from what we believed to be a false attribution of power to the sacraments of the Chnrch, we have been led, as I believe, to empty them largely of their true meaning and force. We have departed very far from the position in relation to the sacraments that was held by the founders of Independency 300 years ago, by great theologians who gave glory to the name of Independency under the Commonwealth, ana I am not sure whether many of our Churches will not continue to retain their false position until the controversy with the Anglican Church aB an establishment is over. When any Church is driven to oppose a great error in another Church it is only too likely to forget the truth that underlies that error and to exaggerate its protest against the evil. (Hear, hear.) One thing I venture to say with profound respect to my Christian brethren of all Churches who are present in this audience. I suppose you are in danger, all of you, in consequence of the exceptional conditions of your Church life, of underestimating the importance of developing the intellectual and theological life of your Church. There is a tendency at home to depreciate the importance of theology. Idon't identify theology with religion. All human creeds are but taint and imperfect attempts to express divine mysteries, but the intellect has its rights in religion as- well as in every other province of man's activity, and it is an insult to the human intellect to throw scorn cn theology and to imply that the intellect cannot express in definite form some of the divine truths which have been revealed. (Hear, hear.) I don't believe that any Christian Church will ever exert its true authority over the thought of its time unless its intellectual life is active as well as its ethical and spiritual life. There has been a strange disposition to depreciate the functions of the intellect in relation to religious truth. But look back to the best times of our own Churches—look back to the best times of the Presbyterian Churches, and you will discover in those days that men did not merely fight with a great paBsion for the glory God. for the salvation of mankind, but that they felt that the noblest and most glorious function of the intellect of man was to explore those provinces of divine truth which may be discovered if only we listen to the teaching of the Holy Ghost, and consider the revelation which God haB made of Himself in Christ. There ia a certain intellectual indolence, I believe, creeping over, the Church of our times that makes it indisposed to pursue those great and heroic intellectual functions, and until Christians discover tbat great theologians have their place in the Church as well as great preachers, I believe the best days of the Cbri&tian; Chnrch will never be restored. (Rear, hear.) I ask this of you who have influence and authority among the Churches of these colonies to resolve not to be content with merely popular religious thought. Cultivate to the utmost of your possibilities theological science in the interest of the higher lif e of the Churcb. (Cheers.) Well, we are here to say farewell. I feel that to as who are heirs of immortality, who abide in Christ, and in whom Christ abides, that there are no real farewells on earth. I can imagine that even in the perfect life above some of us may desire to venture out into regions of God's great universe that others may not care to explore—to do so with the happy and certain hope of meeting those whom we have left behind, not only in the fulness of the life which they possessed whg we parted with them, but with that life richer and moie robust, with new splendour on their brow, and new and richer joy in their hearts, to be sure of finding those from whom for a little time we had parted not only standing fast in their loyalty to God t living in the light of His presence, hut receiving more and more of His infinite and eternal life. And such farewells are those that we Christian people bid each other on earth. We are not to be parted because we shake each other's hands. Byand-by thoEe who belong to the old country will have returned; but the life we receive is a common life, which has its roots in one divine person. We are going to meet again, if only we allow the strong and loving hand of Christ to keep . us. It lies with each of us to determine whether this shall bs a farewell or not. Through Christ's grace we may rely on being keptBO near to himself that although we may never meet again under these Australian skiea, or on the soil of the old mother land, we may yet meet in a fairer world than this. We are not going to be divided between now and time. We gissp hands again before the throne of God. Life is blended with life in tbeEe meetings and services that we have held together. You have spoken to God and entreated Him to let His Spirit rest upon us, and in answer to your prayers I believe His Spirit has revealed to us together the glories of the same lifeand the splendours of the same infinite grace. Those wbose lives have thus been fused even for a little time under the fire that falls from heaven cannot be separated. We are one not only in Christ, as all those are one who have been thrown into union with Him by the power of the Holy Ghost, but one because we have shared the same experience in His presence, and have received together gifts from HiB hands. Do ycu suppose, however far they may have been separated from each other, that those who met in the upper-room at Jerusalem could ever afterwards live an isolated and independent life ? Was not the life of every one of the Apostles blended with the life of every other Apostle, because the force of the divine love had rested upon them together and at the same time. They were one, no matter though mountains and oceans divided them; and I shall trust, my dear Christian friends, that even if we are separated by 12,000 miles of ocean you and we who have spoken to you will still be one. (Loud cheers.) FLOWER SHOW.—There was a very nice show of plants and flowers in the Town Hall on Wednesday. The azaleas in pots were particularly good, the flowers being of immense size and brilliant colour. There was a good show of cinerarias, quite equal if not superior to that of any former year. There was a good competition for the special prizes ofi'ered by Mrs. Ingleby for zonale new pelargoniums, and some remarkably good specimens were staged. There were also some exceptionally good camellias. In foliage plants there was a fairly good display, the Botanic Gardens collection being as usual very good. Cut flowers were fairly numerous and very good, especially in pansies, zonale pelargoniums, cinerarias, verbenas, camellias, roses, ranunculi, and anemones. Larkspurs, stocks, petuniau, and miscellaneous cuts were about as usual. The competition for the special prizes for annuals waB not very keen, but the exhibitB were extremely well developed. The next Show will urobably give better results, as the season is'yet very early for this class of flowers. |In fruits there was as usual a good display of the citrus tribe, also apples, pears, and pomegranates saved from last season. Loquats and gooseberries were staged, being very early, There was a good display of bouquets, de&ignp;, &c.;, in the Banqueting Hall, and excellent taste was shown in the arrangement of many of them. The exhibits of vegetables were more numerous than usual, and there waB nothing amongst the lot that was not of superior quality. 