floveUst, iff ?? DAYS OF CRIftp' AND p£ ??;„ YEARS OF SUFFEf|NG An AuTOBiociRAriiY. -m ;??;.? ? *tts—- j ? ji- h ? ; 4' ?? .'* iF --/ .-. Roprinfcsd from ' The^ustralasiira': of ' 1867 by special permission!]!.- ; '... mi ,? CHAPTER XXlxXfCc/t/i/MaM ; »'???.'? 'But ontorpriso begets competition, nnd ? originality loads to imitation. j Thus it was that a fellow namod :ftouf.;h,;ijnder Bontunco to two years, took it into his head to do a little agency busineslfor/a moro ordinary turnkey, ^. and wait-fast* pocketing all Fonton'soash'! and white was moro embarrassing/still,' was gotlinsnuit'o familiar with tho 'mysteries' of thdjesta blishmont. It theroforo bocamd:)im-. perativo to removo Rough, and Bpugh was accordingly removed to anothorlgaol. Somo few daya after Rough's roiiBcal,. very early one morning a lcttorPwas broughb-to-ftho gaol gates, aildresaid t'o,. tho sheriff. Tho lottor was bw ught into ? tho gaol oflico. I took iwlrom-' tho turnkoy who handed it in, at baa aoon a9 I glanced nt tho suporacrj »tW I walked over with it to Mr. Paj lor's desk and said^-'* Rough's writjiig-1 dangerous. ' . f i :fT JMr. Palmor mado no roply. He lo )kod:. at tho lottor for a minuto or two,' 'aad then, placing it boforo md, walked out of/ the office. I' knew woll enough witnout being told what I had to do, and so, Wu- one any hesitation. ?IV;pponod tho lHter; and read it. As I oxppeted, it contajpod; a tirade of abuso againstinyself, and along! statomont in reforenob to Fpn ton's mojicy.-i I copiod tho hoadsof tliO'lottor, andjlhon^ onclosed it.againiquito artistically. ilMr.' Pulinor shortly r^tupiod to, tho ou'iceitand-- 1 placed niy oxtraots/boforahiin. Hi) was : quite bowildprod as-'t%t}ib steps td|bo, taken, and suggosteel ,th6_advisabilityjOf.: buvuing tho lettor. I saw this wouldmot, aus\yor, for if llougli Hoard nothing W9r°i of hia communication hojyould bo aqtjto speak to tho sheriff on iffi first visit.^ud this might load to a\i?ltward inquiriosLii I . thoroforaadviaod that tho letter shdulqbo loft at tho sheriff's oflioo, along with ft'lot of other papors, boforo thefiheriff avi-ivpd, and thon thoslieriff wou]d not bo ixi- the loast awaro that it had ojjer boon soonan gaol at nil. As I always protended to tat prisoners in making bargaina with.tliejn that tho money was' keptrin ah iron sKo in tho oflico, of whioh I.i)oa30Bsed a dun| cato key, and that it was X'who wfts.rfa-. ning a dosporate risk in taking it out, Mr. Palmor's name waa,.novor mentionodhn' any bargain that I ma(\o with Fcnton. ?llf, thon, Fenton- should' bo called and pj; 'ainined by tho sheriff, ? I saw oloatfy onough that if even ho told tho truth,. (as the truth aoomed to him), tl10 s!lo«& would dotoot ft Ho upon tho very wed [of tlio Htory. Tlio balaneo of money pto perly due to tho man was onfcorod in mo prisonors' caahbook, aud Mr. PalMaj ? .would of courso say that ho still l«dld ? it, to bo disposed of as tho Government mighi direct.' JuaJ what I had anh oipatoil roally happened, iho sherijt, in tho oourso of tho morning, oamo do\rn to tho oilico, and told mo-to go out forl ft few minutes, as ho wanted to speak to tko gaoler. Out I walked accordingly, and |n a fow minutes Ponton was sent for, He was in with the sheriff for somo minute}, and then tho sheriff wont himself nwnW nnd Fenfcon was lockod up. Foutoij^ \- statemont was (to all appearanco) so d^i donfcly ft fabrication that tho -sheriff wouldn't liaton to it. I am-not auro, but I believe ^ough was ptinisliod for hmkiifi, a malicious statement. Tho only ovil r« suiting from this fellow's offiolousnoss.wil tho loss of tho monoy. rf 41 1 am happy, howover, to bo able to aasuro tho roador that, through my( iulmlrablo! ftrrnngemonJa-j»1iLvex.v judl; '1 bolievo Chnrlen Lamb was nofoiily a very good author,-but a very good clerk into tho bargain. ;But, ndvovthblcss.-ns-n WPr.litorary aspirfttions and clerical dutios clon t very . woll vJiiuunoniso; I do*' hot assert that aliterary cleric hniofnooossity n tendency ^ to pon n, stariat; whon lio aliould^ongross,' but.ljlmow.fi'ommyowii oxporionco that;ib: isiyory cliflioulff to bo oorroet in making out acoopta wh'en there °?^*.a1 }tt tl'f m'mtt '??'? any tondoncy to tho pootio,' .Everybody kuo\¥a^tliat I hnvo mat Uematios ' onougii to pass' an exami. nation, and yet somdhow in, that Tirjton Gaol IvhoytevVSotild-bo cotfeot: ' ?'' '??*? : ' . ?'?' It ^tia-thp practice of/ the' gaoler to purohaBQ'ton' bohalf of -th^Govornmont, lor.tJiG uSb of tho pstablishmont, wood, lnno.^&c-; \- Tho vendors :!of j, tlieso com raoclitioa.-sp long as they got tli6'money,for Which they sold, wcro porfootly willing to sign anything. Icannotsayhowithappenod tuat 1 waa always oxtromuly busy when over any purchaso of tlii.v kind was mado,' and.wlion the ,vondors'*ontorod the oflico to sign tho'vouchorwliich luid to bo for warded fetlie.troastuyt-I used (being in ft hurry), to' say, -l 'Hero, just sign it .blank; ni fill it in affbrmirds.' . .,' U^Ylint fatal misJakpB I 'usod afterward to mnkoV:to;,bo..s.urq.';^j|P;-ifrw«s a obmmoii cart-load- 6t woba.tlmtftbst thirty shillings, whonil;camo to make - out Iho' aceountjl avjis almost' oertain to romombor it as a waggbn-load, for whioh ;throe 'ppunds. had boon paid. If twenty basliels of lime wore purojijased at five ahilUngs a bushoT, under tho influonodifif isomo ohronicidis ordor 6f-cho inind tlio transao'.rdn figured in the account as thirty bushels-at, sovbn and sixpenco. Tiro receipts appended to. thtso accounts vhad to. bo witnossod, but as it ^yas so very troublesome to bociilliug somooiio: into.'- tho ollico ovory-io^ow and1 thon forvthepurposol allowod tlfSm'Jo ro niain until thoro woro several which^.ro '.quir'v'd.witnossiiijjt, aiid--;thenl\Ir.iitPalnTer introduced a turnkoy, who was' unable to read, but. who could write his own nanio, to witness tho^fmymont' of tho^morioy— not the.actuiil payment, but just .what' happened to.:bc written do.wn, and; thon, after obtaining the sheriffs signature to tljojico.punts.'Mr. Paimer walked oil' to tho troi\Bury and roooived^ihp money. ''All Govornmont'busincss, as'far as 1 am acquainted withjitjrappeavs to bo done in a lnannor which soonis to declaro plainly onbugh that ovcry%IHcer in tho service has, a'toncloncy to ho dislionosfe. What'a'.yast ivnipunt of ?elfi'rieiil dotai], w'liat duplicates ijmd triplioatd' returns, what signing and counter-signing-,, what auditing in this oflico and ohoeking again in that, and yet -liow roally impojboiit nrb all those oxpen sivo safeguards to guard against rascality whon.rascality is rosolved uixin. I should like .to know who, among tho host of, olli cinls through whoso hands;,llr. -Palmor's accounts jiassed, ever disco'vord'd tho fact that Mr.' Palmer was doing tho. Govern ment' brown. ' ? a ? .' Anothor profitablo^ouroo ? of incomo was tho t ransfor of priso^ners to pthor ostab lislimonts. , There £were some 'plaeos ..t'o wliicli tlie prisonora liked to bo sent, and others which thoy were anxious to.bo kdpt away from. Tho power of -selecting. tho men was in a groat measure in Mi\ Pal mer's hands, and I must sily 'that this powor »yas always oxercjsod.witlj-'tlio nicest, discrimination, for thd'right manwaaaurd tS.gd'.totho right place, which assertion simply sig'ni ties thut tho .man- who qould pay waa aeiit to thoplaco dodmed.good, andf/tho niaji; who could not payftp' the place roputod'to bo badt*^ .- ? ' ,£'In connection with' those payments I liayo. to declare a fact and to rolato an auoedoto. -. , - : ' ' t\ - ' Firstfor tlio fact. .It wa's often assorted by certain malevolent-minded pevaons'that; Mr. Palmer was a proud mail. Tliis I deny. It is truo that he had an air .of dignity peculiar to himself in tho manner in which . lio transferred to his waistcoat pockety tho. iifj-notos which I was accustomed to place' upon, his desk. ;? but ♦! declaro most' solemnly, that so humblo was^he iiv tho ostim'ato ho formed of his own valuo, that ho always rocuivod 'with a , tlinhkf ul j-spirit tho niodost oftoriu'g of lialf-rt-cro wn. It was with' fear ancVtrembliug that I at first von turod to present bo insighifieaut a sum for his accoptaiiioo ; but tho great good man smiled benignly upon tho gift, nnd proved his merit by .his modesty. Am I not right, thon, in declaring that .Mr. Palmer was liot a proud man? * ' ^ '^owfortho anecdote. Thoro was a new establishment to bo opened in tho vicinity of Tipton, and Tiplon Gaol was' to transform it somo thirty or forty, pri soners. Through my- agent, tlio barber, this news was very quiokly disseminated through tho prison ; and on tlio day after its promulgation I proaonted myself in tho labor-yard for tho^purpbao of roeoiviug tendors. I asicMiono. if ho could oook, an other if he could'look after a horso, a third if lie understood Jwaiting^at tablo, nnd thus, without any diyoot Sss,ortion of mino, it was understood tKat I Vtaa' seeking for men to fill tho billets in tho new prison. Candidates innumerable : presentod thom solv'os, buf 1 told them tlioy were mis taken; all I , could promise was that they should bo sent, and as to bping placed in a billot, why thoy must take thoir chancy though, as a mnttor of courao,- those whio wont iirst would.doubtloss bo solootgd. I .T^aa in tho yard somothing loss than an hour, and on leaving it I hud thonamos of twenty applicunts, andUhe sum of £dO in my pockot. Tho mon wcro all sent, and ton otlior names woio also inserted on tho list. Among theso ten names was the namo of Aaron Dutoh. ? Tins name waa seen by tho barbor, who usod to awoep tho oflico out, and ho vory naturally tpld^. tlio man ho was going. ? Aaroiuwaa a cute follow, and so ho thought ho niight bo ablo toAyork a dodgo. Ho son t to mo to say that ho wisho'dto spoak to mo, I accord ingly wont to tho irgn-rnilod gate of tho yard in whioh ho was confined, and calling him to it asked him what ho wanted. Ho said ho wanted mo to sond him with tho other mon to tho other placo, and that ho would/give mo £3. Ho took a £5-not6 out of hia pocket and aBkcd mo if L'Wt'r jTthroe spvoroigiis to'give him. I diupj thbliun to wait a' minuto, and back I JJM 00-^^ ollico and obtainpd tho mouJ^ i nortn,.. turning to tho gatp'Aaron ff ]? 31 fee.* hand tho £5, and as I ym : alju r:o sovereigns to him ho Vj& elide'-0 mo. Without looking rK eonp^ it bofdro Mr. .1'almov/ ,H „ at liis desk; but wfioiv h/a™ *v it ?Jio found if was o\\\\\,^B ffiasl1 noto. I was torrMJB^ f out witted, and^***^ if^wftB intho'MJr^^ «th?m QUta«» y»o&» jjjB^ ? A ^auded 1^* it Uaiiiud lo ^ sixty .Id iho - he yards of atono. . Ho only laughed at 1110, and.a.aul ho knew vety woll thatHiis namo was second on tho list, and that he was going without paymont at all.' * , The balanoo o.f-.iny friona'a Tipton Gaol: \- experiences I must rosprvo .for another ohnptort- -,' ?? ,',.*S'- .'? ,. ??' ,..? . '? ?^«(i.;' ' ?' '1^ '''^-' .' ' 'Ji';^Vv ?; *':-::o: .OHAPTER(XXX. '. '^u' ?1'RISON MYSTElllES (CONTINUED.) .,'|jl returned to Mr. 'Palmer, and ro latod to him what the follow had 'said, and _ I ..represented-, that it would, in a buBiness point of view, bo vory impolitic -to suffer Aaron to go, as it would load .othermen to tliink -that, after 'all, paying didn't Boom in tho Ieast»jioco3sary. With Mr. Palriibra' concurrence I aat up that night and'-mado out n frosh roturn, in which the^hame of Aaron Dutch' did not appoar. ? ' _ ' The very day tho men wore called out it bo happoned that tho shoriff viaitod the yard, and Aaron, oxasperatod at his dis appointment, complained Ito tho shoriff £nnt.J hn^ threatened to keep him in tho gaol unless he paid mo £0 to-be sent olao whoro. Mr. Palmor was prosent, andlie informed tho sheriff that I had nothing to! ? dQ;0y,ithnho soloction of tlio men, as ho always mado tho list out himself; Tho vBljoriff. took no nbtice'Bf tho corafrfaiut, and 13utqli was not'serit away for some W,eoks. ';??:.'*'.. .?-:. V i' I have now toapeakof an ovont which grioveds'nio very much. It soon became' know to'- tho prisoners thSt all business had'to bo dorie.thrmigh tho ' clavk.J If a man waritod a visit from ftjEriond, tho ,'olark1 was appealed to. If a billet was. roquired'it was tlio ' clark ' who was feo'd. If thoro^was any .money in tho oiucb''it waa the 'clark' who was spoken to about - it. In brief, ovory kind of cross work that was ; required to be dono had to rpass through tho hands of tho ' clark.' *: ^ ' Ono day a mosaago camo to me from a man named Batty, informing mo that lie would givOjOie five pounds to sond him to anochor station; 1 immediately went to. tho man and assured him that on receipt* of tho monoy ho should bo transferred. Ho told srae that he had no money with him in the prison, but that ho would send 'word out and got it. He accordingly sont, a noto- to somo girl with whom ho had .jbeon .-living, directing, hor to give the «'*cla'rk' of the gaol £0 to havo.l).im,(Batty) sent to somo.bet'Ebr placo. HThia noto was doliverod, by a discharged priaonor ; and tho house at whicirit was delivered was a, brothel. The girl, aftor reading tho note, tlirefeit down upon; tho table. A fo\v. minutes afterwards stlio .detectiyo police had occasion to pay'a'viaitj'to'tho brothol, and one, of ?thom-took up tho noto and readvie.' ''Seeing in it that tho gaol 'clark' had to be bribod, they dotornnned tp mako the oxperinient tlipuisolves.' With this view they'1gbt'n person-. who was not.'knowju at tho gaol toslopltho ?free clerk of Tiptoh'Gaol as ho wa3-lb'avirig for homo, and mnKo him the offer of £5 '. if he?would send Batty iov anothor os tablishmont.', ' :' -' ;^ -' . ' ' Tlio next'mornihg tho free clerk asked mo(ho knew^ very little of tho bu'aincas himself) it there wasa mail: of the name of ??Arthur 'Batty in tho gaolv ,»;I told him -that there* was,' and^.he thcri;iftskpd mo if .1 could oblige hirrf' byin'aerting|nis* name in thanoxt list' of transfers;- :1 a'n- sworod thiit'I could oalil^' do it .ifc^lie'' wkhed it.- ?'*'?!.''-.?,.?? .. '''''* % 'No.moro was said. .|/thouglit in my own'mihd that Batty'sfriohds luid arranged, ?with tho free clerK in tho. nia'ttpiy arid, I was really glad, m ; -thp-^man had 'ft largo' family, that ho' had tho opportunity of' obtaining a trifle^ -He wajha-very gentle: manly man, and was nptrinany way con-: cornod in tho doings of Messrs. Palmer, Sawyer, and Co., although, being shrewd, lie judged that things were not exactly on the squ.iro. The nuxt .-morning the froo ?olork ontored tho gaol offices as pale as a ghost.. Ho was vory muoh exoitod, and walke'd backwards and forwards in tho bfiico without ' apoaking a word. At .last, turning to. mot ho said-r-' 1 am completely ruined ; what mypoorfahiily willdol;don t; know. God help mo I I'm an uhfirttfiiate ', man.' ? '' ? ?? ?;? '??',?? f-: ~\' 'Ho then wont pn to' tell me that on. the preceding evening ho had.acceptod a £o-noto from .a' person wlio ' rbprosentsd himself to^/bo; related,, to: the -pri'soher, Arthur Batty, whioh sum was 'givon him1 with tho understanding that--ho was- £6 sond Batty away. asvaoon as. possible' to some other station ;' tli'abitlie persbn who handed the monoyto him was'iii roalitya, polico agent, acting with tho sheriff's con currence, and that the shoriff had himself witnessed, from some 'window, tho iran sactiori.' ;*.' : ''I havo boon sont for by tho sheriff this morning,' said the poor clork ;'' and there is a notjp in his possession which, officially referring to mo as tho.gaol clerk, loads 'him to the conclusion tliat I am accustomed -to accopb*' bribes.: Ho would not listontb'my prbtest-ations:6f innoeouoe, but told me'ho had no alternation but to .dismiss iho at once.' . 'Ihdood, indo'Sd, I was: heartily sorry for the poor gontlomaii, as 'lib stood bofore mo bo evidently distressed in mind at'his position. Ho was well -^connected ;. had been oneo a morohiint in Belfast. I pitied him much because I ? know .-..;.well enough that ho had nevor received a' six-' Eonco from anj'ono hefore by ;way of a ribe. Ill faot, ho had -no power what-' evor in Tipton Gaol to make it worth' auy bbdy's while to, bribe him'. 'iHd lived in an atmosphero of cerruption, and he know it; and though^ pbrhapsj not venal by disposition, ^ns surroundings sorved to prtjparo him' to yiold to the temptation, when' tho temptation wob .sot- boforo4 him. '. :??'. , ,' : ''I soon diBOOveiod- that tho samo wpakneas Irpf character . which had led the froo olork to accept tho. bribe had also all6wod him to mako use of moneys which ho had oilioially reoeivedy -anjf I confoss that I thon commiserated his~'misfortuno- less. ? ' , '.'?' ?? ' ? ' It 'was tho 20th day of the month (I romenibor'st well) whon his 'dismimal tpok placo*'' and he. then 'had in his pos30paion aU-.ith'e mbrioy jie had received h'oinpiUBonorai and .othor. sources during tho month,; as it' was his praotioo to sottlo with Mr. Palmer on the lost day of oaoh month.' Tho amount that,' at the tiino of his dismissal, ho. was in ddbtod to ,tho gaol. Avns upwards of £50 and ho hud not a Bixponco to pay it with. ? . . ? ? ??. - '? ;???; ??'.,- j . -'Mr. Palmor was. not in 'a position to quarrel with him, so lib, aoooptod .a proininso'.'y-noto for the aum^mul sigpod tho accounts as if Ii6-'-hnd notually roooiyod the monfly.' I saw /tho froo,, bfbrk soino time afterwards, wjipi; ho was oarrying on business for himsolf, and'ho thon (old nib tlfat ho liad novov paid- Mr. Palmer, iv six ponco, nnd never jutonilod to do bo, 'Tho forco of example is groat, and, thoroforo, it is not vory surprising tliat the turnkeys of. Tipton Gaol were many. -ro- moves from being immaoiilato. They had' .not, it is true, by any moana a thorough ? knowledge of Mr. Palmor's character; .but thoy know somothing of his proceedings! and auspootcd a groat deal mpr.or'' No wondor thoivthat they wore anxious to do a littlo business' on their own account, without any distressing qualms: ai^con sflcionco as to whother it wore logitiniato ornot. ' ^' | ' '^.^ ? .?'- .. ' iSlr.i Palmer* however,, aimod' at a' monopoly ; and no.one could havo studied moro to keep liis;subordinates in tlio path of rectitude than he did. Seouro him-' Beif, he mado a point of hunting down others tho instant ho:becamio awuro that they wore trespassing $i his domain. T\vo; cases of dismissaljl well recollect. ^. ? . - '' The^flrst wjts tliat^of ?' a ,$nan .'iiamod % Worth. Ho was attached to tho- labor- yard of the prison, and for^somo tiino had managed to carry 'on. a '; vory . profitable 'busino3S; with , the iwisonors^ On .Mr. Palmor's behalf I. sold tobacco at 18s. the pound ; but Worth, as, far V thov hibor yard was concorned, drove.;:mo out'.'of '? tho markot by selling a pound of:tobaci4o and 'a box of matches for 15s. ' Could this bo ?(Vibrated ? ,Mr. Palmor ideclarod not. ' That manjiisajd Mr; Palmor, with a glow of virtuous indignation, ?' that man, nniBt bo detected.' W: '? 'Thatihan was'a married: man with a ifamlly, and'I ava^ not so callous-hoarted as'to Jancy-Titho^job which ; Mr. Palmer'B omphatic' 'thatnian must bo deteotod' pointed-.puf for* me^tp perform. I inti mated niy, disinclination fiS the task of: : detecting Mr. Worthj arid ap^'Mr. Palmer said ho -would toko tho matte'rinto his own 'hands.'-'*' ? .'?f1. . ,* . - ? :''*?;'; ' Two days*nf tor wards tholioad turnkoy was called into the.ofnco, nnd Mr. Falthcr toldliun'tha^Turnknoy.,Wortri.,(according to in|prmation gi\'en) was iii'.tlib habit of talcing away fro^n the gaol any^portablb nrticlo of Government propcrty,thatpamo within his. reach, and that on;: that vory night ho was.going to smuggle but a couple of -(-..quarts of lamp oil.A^And- aga'in Mr.' Palmor pronpiincod tho fatal words,;:' that man must bo.deteoted;!.- 4^ ?'.''' ?'?' ?-?..' \- 'Aiid dotoctod'ho, was./;,,As ho. v'as Ioavihg tho^corridor bf-Vtho^gaol^he' was stopped- by' the, h'oa.d turnkey | arid two bottles of tho Government lamp^pil Avore found in tho poclcets of .his overcoat. Mr. Palmer- rocoinmended his dismis'sal, arid dismisseiWie was. ' The sainq weok I dis ' posed of thirty pounds 'ofitbboccp to tho miSn'jn tho labor yar'dl^ x;.rj;- '-?_ ;. . ^:'.lBut I haye,.iiot q)uftoV d'-Jiio with Mr. \y-orth yet.' r A*f e^djiys., aftor -?'his disihis salho prosontod himself at tho gapTj'Twas introduced to' Mr. iPaiiuor,'s; parlor, andon loaying.it took with him a^rocomnicnda tibn^t'o tli,e;; 'c'orpomtion of 'Tipton,- nnd through it was appointed,. as aii^bvorflppr .bysomo municipal ciflioei^ ?'?'*?? /f' '?'''': ' Tlio other caso bf. dismissal wastalto got.her;of niy doiiigl' 'The work was cut outpfor .-nip by Mr. Palmer, . and I 'was stiinulatod to its porformancovby a -per;; sonal dniinun. ?? . ' .; ? - ' -'Tlio turnkey's name: was Blackbird.' J had known for a long tiino that- he, was ongnged in 'cross- work,' and I had soino 'timoarenfujoyed him myself to. do little drrands for;me, always .paying him liber ally for hia trouble. . .On .one occasion I happenod to see a gold watch advertised *for aalo, and as Ihad.aomo few pounds by. me, which I-had learned from the tliiof advoeato, Mr.-jSawyer,, f; got Blackbird to calj.;;;and s'eo;th_o- watolrin order that I might purohaso it if it were a good, ono, and^.cheap. Blackbird's report being favor able; I handod liim)sS12 to pay focjt.that being the price' demanded. Tlie \lay aftor Blackbird'told 1110 that ho had ,£eon drinking at a public-house and had lost the monoy.aput of his pooket. ..This atory I did not believe, and I ga,ve -'him to un dorstarid that ho must eitlior bring mo the- Watch or the monoy. Howdoolared that hwvpuld do neither, and dared mo to Bpeak about it. Six weeks gassed -away jrad'Blaokbird still had the money. ' 'bo 'long had I been passive, but it was time to* act. -. .. , '' ',;-.- ' 'I got to find out, thrOjagli.my agent's, that thore^ was a man, in* tho yar,d for whom' Blackbird was in {he luibit of carry ing out notes. . It spvhapp'ened that it was ojio^of theso 'age'nts ,whovwroto the notes, and bo I sent worj^. to. him to aay 'that I should' like^^tp sob' the noxt note boforo it was giveii to' : the. turnkey^o. take it out.: Tlio note. was accord iii'glyr sont to me, and was to^thb following of-' feet. I don';trpretend to give the oxact .words, but merely the purport :— . . '* ' Deaiv friond,— Tho stuff camo to mo irafplyl ami I now want a unand.somo strikes.. The bloak -acts/ on tho square, and you must sling him w'ell for mo',, .. He tellamo that^Tom will mount for ine,'but I- am afraid to liaivo him. ? I'm gall id Hb'd settle me instead of turning mo up. Give tho fin aiid;tho Btriko3 to the bloak, and tell him alFpartioulars; ? ? ? ft;-//';' ???,'-.'? ' t*M ' I tlistinotly rom'embor that tho noto ,was signed with ft cross, but tho namo of th'e porsou«.to whom it was addrossod I oarinot rocolloct. ? -Jt was,, howover, as I learned from my agent j to. bo giyon'tto the barman of tho Ship, Inn in. tho 'first. inBtance. ?*-. . , ; ;:.r:i ?. ; 'I mado Mr. Palmor acquainted .with 'tho.oircumstanoes of the caso,. and lio plo ? posed having 'the turnkoy sc-ariJTied as'he was lbnying tho'gaol. ? I objected- to this, as, after nil, the note niightnot be/found, and Blackbird would, in .that case be 'always on his guard. . I siiggostod that tho-hoad' turnkoy should go to the Ship Inn in plain clothes, aud. tell tho barman' that ho was instructed to call for the noto, and. that. he wished' to kriow whoro ho coul'd find tho-porson by whom it waa loft. I pointed out that- his aftov prooeodings would'have to be dotorminod by Iho bar man's answer. It might happen that tho party namod aotually lived at tho Ship Inn, oi'i perhaps, would bo roally thpre when tlio head turnkoy called, and in Buoh a caao a dilemma' would ariso. But I totd Mr. Palmor that I was pretty oortaiii, from all I had heard, . that the party to whom tho note was addressed would cull thero in tho courso of tho cvoning to moot ythetiirnkoy, who conducted tho -businoas for his imprisoned friond. If this woro tho oaso, tho barman would ineroly Bay ho had rocoivod no note,, and the head turnkoy would reply, ' Oh, thon.ril step into .the -parlor,: and': when the note is broughtycuoanbring.it to mo.^nd .toll tlio'.botiror to wait in the bar till I como out.' - ?'. ' ...' '?'-?-''.?? .-? ,.'j^- . ..'.. ,': ??'My Buggestion.waB. adoptpaf and 'to tho Ship l'ni£tlijfc.' head tuniltoy -repaired1, in {tlio evonuig%fioOn' aa tlio lo'ek^up lii 'tlio prison#asbv'oiv ? - .'''_? ' '.'Everything happened proeigely as I expeoteil... The head turnkey^ took a sent l ? ' - /: .'! '' ? %?'.?? '':?'.'?'? -?j--- ill 'the parlor, micl 'Blackbird, half-nn-hour aftorwards, propontdd tho noto at tho,,bar, and. thorp. remained until^-to his'constor natibn — tho head turnkoy walked outof tho parlour .and said to tho birmaii— 'la ' fcliis tho ' goutlomrfn who brouglit tho, note ?' Tho barmari ropliad in tho affirmative, and Blackbird, with, I'Vo.no doubt, a very shoopiah look, sitid that ho was 'sold.' ',Tho head. ..turnkoy ropoiled progress to Mr. Pulm.orjT-'and Ml-. Ivilmor, when Blackbird appeariicl at tho gaol gates tho noxt morning, refused to admit 'him. J'lt \vaa,'.-l' daresay, a mygtory to somo popple hou^Ilniiiiagod to dfdas mysolf in .so. oxpohsivo. a stylo;, how, instoad of .'having an iron chain upon my legs,, I Sported a gold one 'A'bund my nook ; how, in place. of haying a watch overdue, I carried i a gold 'ono in my pocket , «r how, too, tho usuaUordor of 'things was so r^ij. ?vorsod, that V'heniiiurnkoys addrossod me they called mo Mr. Green, and that I in addressing thorn oxhibitod moro brevity and loss politeness.: It was a mystery to the /prisoners how somo men who. novor seemed to work nt all woro'lib'oratd'd/'bn the rov/ard labor-system^' 'woeks bofpre^ tho completion of 'their soutencoB. ,It was a mystery to mo ho\y^ the higher 'olllcora of tho Govornmontvcbuld ^possibly bo ignorant of Mr. Palmor's ?character, and that no searching investigation waif ovor mode into tho systom (known to half tho world) which prevailed atr his 'ostab,-,- lishmiht. Lastly, if is still a mastery 'fia. nib how, wjth such surroundings and Biiuli* oxamplos, it can bp oxpoctod that, a prisonor conliricd for any long'th of 'timer in sucK'an'institution as Tipton Gaol can' bo-returned to tlio world otherwise than twonty degrees worso than ho entered it.' Such ,woro tho experiences of David Greou. I havo hoard it stated, that shortly aftor tho publication of Nibholas Nichhby, Mr. Dickons received a. host of , retnon strances from Yorkshire schoolmasters, who insisted on recognising in Dotlioboys Jiall thoir ,oivn particular*establishmont, and' in Wliackford Squoers a portrait* of. thomselyes. ? I should not bo surprised if moro than 0110 or two gaolora should fit tho cap on thoir own heads, but they are liof l.ikoly .'tovcommit jtho' indiscretion of wearing it in public' ' :: - ;.OHAPTEn'x?:xr, . ' ' FAME AND INFAMY. I havo a conviction that .there is ?,iu human naluro a sort ,of .magnetism, by which tho opposito poles of feeling attract .^oach otlior. 'This history owes its origin 'to such a tteliof. Had I beon. pious and 'virtuous, Avould ^y'ou, : my good, /reader, havo dared about my experiences ? No;, of courso you wouldn't ! You have' quite5 a rodundaiipy of pioty'and virtue of your .pwn,;a'hd,buing perfectly familiar with the stato of fooliilg which is over the concomi tant of those uttributos' of tho soul, you .iWouldu't give sixpence for all that 1 could ;say oii tho' subject. B,ut, being what I am,, my oxporioncos aro a ditrerent. thing. You are quite sure that they lire' some thing altogether exotic to anything you have known yourself ; and thus, obedient' to' the jniighetic priiiciplo above ' referred to, yoii are forcibly afitracted'by thp title fot my- reminiscences, and .long fpr a glimpse of a;, phase of life so^very dis-' similar to thoso through whioli^ybu have yourself passed. Now tho action of tho moral idiosyn-,, cracy, if .such it may be termed, njight bo .traced in a variety of forms. It is ap paroiit in/tho eager interest displayed in thovpofiMl.of ovory- irtbidont connoolcd with sensational crimo ; it is mado mani fest in the morbid curiosity relativo to the gallows-doomed ; it carries, thousands to the gallows' foot to witness tho dying agonies of a law-strangled1 wrotch ;'and it is this— ?something in tho samo manner as corrosive sublimate is used to prosorve wood from perishing — nrjf jcli ombnlms oach notorious criminal in tlio vory crimes that should lender him an objoct only of :exeoration. ...'.' . Iii': tho old days in; classic lands tho t'omplo of fame was placod boliind- the temple of virtue. But, to say riothing-of a moro enlightened ago, we live^iu apart of the world whero flora, fauna, and morality 'aro alike' antipodoan. To bo famous it is necessary first, *be_naath an' Australian sky, to become infamous. Trayol far and fast on tho road of dare-! devil villainy /and tho crowd's acclaim shall follow on your path. ?, ?'??-.- , ' ? But alas for tho nothingness, of fame, bo it that of tho- world's'1 victor or tho world's villain, tho laurollod bard or tho pistolled brigand. Years ago-I was mysoll! in a small way a celebrity ; but my glory soon grow dim, and tho^ ungratoful public forgot mo in my prison darkness. Thon, another hero of tho road uroso to |d,a'#slo'tho world with tho brilliancy of his exploits, and Captain ? Molvillo bccaino great in tho land. Tho Block Forest echoed with his renown, and the pooplod oity and lonoly homosioad alike' paid tributo to his rule. Lucky g6ld-digger and monoy-making store-kooper, wealthy sottlers and plethorio publicans, had each ;nnd all a talo to .tell of Molvillo. But in tho very ssenith of his fnmo the strong li^iid bf tho law crushed him to nothing, nud the star of his glory sadly sot in tho darkness of tho hulk shadows never more to riso.;l/ .'?.-'. . :'?*%,. ' ' ;-. ? TlionVcamo tho far-famo'tl' Gardiner, who mado for himsolf a wido reputation. Robbing mails, stopping gold escorts, defying tho polico, here, there, and ovory wliero, no -day. passed withoufa story of hia roekloss daring. But this knight of tho road, like the knights of olden time, must need have a lady-love, nnd bo— -,.' With oijo fair spirit for his minister,' ha sought a, 'desert' place, and ? no longer dazzled the wcmld-bo Maclioaths bf tho rising geiiordtioji with his doeds of arms. But thp dostiny that had boen ao kind tpl\iin during his advonturoua career frowned on him when ho withdrew .to in glorious retirement. Justico soon had him in its grasp ; and although tho court-house of Sydnby resound with tho acclamations, of. his admirorB on his:being acquitted for' tlio crimo for whioh ho was first tried, in Iho second cuso he-was loss fortunato, and a ponal^ottlomoht now olaims-him,fbr the noxt thiVly years. Morgan is lord of tho ascendant while I write, aud hia fame is of a rodder dyojthnn that of hia ;prodecossoi'S. Ho ia too sanguinary to bo popular, andis forooious rather than bravo. Ho is not the Ohurlomaguo of tho bandit-kings, but the Alario, nhcrdeatitiito of till chivalrio feol ingH,, ho will at. last walk to the gallows moro curaed than pitied, : [J; js in' thoprifloii, gqnorally speaking, thatvotiino in all its gi'ados is first soon f-.h miigli ? tho hiilu tif rotimuco. A Jiritl introduction to tho gaol limy result from the presonou of porurty, an' impulsive, aot of wrong, or an (isolated' dopnrturo from tho principles of rectitude SuUsoqiiont convictions uro, in tho majority of cases, for crimos coinmittod* in tho spirit of romantic ardour. Youth — nnd strange to say, educated youth in particular — onco fallen, is crimo-doomed for lifo. I am by no moans theorising in making this stato inont, but I spoak from my experience — speak from a Knowledge of tho antecedents of scores of thoso around mo. ' Tako thp. bost-oducatod and hightfst-principled boy that can bo found in Molbourne, and placo him in an assoeiatod gaol for a year, and tho chancos aro that. ho would vory soon after his rcloaso bo found with a rovolyo'r in his'bolt and a good horse boncath him, galloping through the bush, quito a horo in his own opinion, and dclightoclTy antici patingthetimo whon thepross will chronicle his professional performances. Tho tendency of education whon onco prison tainted, to load up to a criminal caroor is owing, I suppose, to the stronger pbyyor of imaginntion with which it is endowed, and the redundancy of spirit which it pos 3os8os. Tho biio invests crimo with a sort of .heroic grnndour, and tho other renders Us prossossor less patient to control, nnd i,moro eagor for tho lawlessness of a busli ran»ing oxistouco, 'What youthful novico .walking tho prison-yard for the first tiuioi as ho listous to tho narratives of criminal recklessness 'and adventuro, . thinks of crimofor a moment as tho evil thing it f really js ? He is a boy, and not a philoso phor. His imagination ia charmed, and his reason is inactive. His vision peno tratos not to the back-ground, whore sadly was .to b.e soen the despoiled victims of his infatuation. G onerous in his disposition, ho 'stops not to roflect upon tho uttor selfishness of a robber's' lifo, and con-* stitutionally daring, ho dooms not that ?,his' attacks upon tho unarmed and de fenceless are tho doings of a coward. Noithbr stays he to calculate conscquen cos ; ho reeks not of years of prison life, nor is. lie deterred by tho reflection that his career may terminate in a murdered victim and a gallows- deftth. -Fascinated by the romance of crime/lib is. blind to its foarfulroality, and it is only after years \bt Biiilbring havo taught'^soino, deariyt purohased x lbssons that he.:- reoognises .crimp to bo tho grim and unsightly thing .?'?is.'1 ? -» i; '. ':' '.- . ?' ? . .- ? I havo niyself onbortaincd;.. all these imaginative , notions with\ regard to the more -daring, kind of, criminalfpursuits, nnd'thq, yoars- are not far distant in tho paat when. I looked upon a higwayman as identical with a hero/Cand thought that guilt' and glory wore convertible terms. In possession of tho confidence of many of those, around mo at this momont, I am quite' justified, in view of thoir coufossionB, in dSfclaring.that half of the.daiiiig ctimes committed :;owe their origin to their so called romance. - ''' ? .''My own graver doodsiOf ill fcommpneeer in a sufficiently'* molodramatio inanuor. Af tlie time to which I refbr I waa living at Goolong. This was somo months aftor ?my' »eloaso from' Cockatoo Island. I had taken apartments in a rospeetablo house in a suburbs of tho town. These I had furnished in a manner corresponding with myiastos. .QnJ;ho..w.alls wore olegant en gravings ; a' vase of 'the choicest flowers I could obtain -ever graced ^ the table.. Oowpor's poems (the roading of which ought to have mado me a better man), tho worka pf Byron, Moore,' and Scott, Bacon's Ji'ssai/s,- Smith'BjFMft/i of. Nations, Watts's Loific, and a Treatise upon Flux Hons, constituted 'my library. «? Thew.most experienced detoctive would hayo' been quito at fault in judging of hiy pursuits by my surroundings., In faotj^tho landlady of the house subsequently declared to the public that I was so steady and so studiou3,i that she thought I was in somo way con nected with the church. ' '?';..:'..'' Now I had furnished these apartments with monoy honestly acquired, and,- in them I, commonced loading a strictly honostlifo. I obtained a'situation in .a store at Geolong, and received; a salary of ;£2 per wool:| a sum amply sufficient for all my wants. At the .expiration of a month, without any reason boing assigned mo, I was informed that my services ^ydro no id'rYger required. I am ignorant*at this day of the causb of my ...dismissal,^ and at tho tiino possessed too many silly, notions about. independence to care tpjn quiro. ' ' v' Ono oyoning, about a week aftor my loss 'of employment, I was gazing frommy .window out upon the strepj;. Suddenly a passer-by looked up, .stoppod, and -j)x-' ^.aimd'd, 'Tho very follow I want to seV; how aro you V'-.^ v ' ' '... ?:, ,-', I looked i;do\vri, nnd thoro be'neath'ino stood an ol'd'Obokatoo companion named Christy, a young man renowned' on tho island for his fistic acionoo. -I. was in no jnoodUo repel his advances, and I at i 0110*0 went down to him.- -fT, ''' ' ,* ' .' Just como. ovorlanilfroih. Sydney,', aaid Chriaty. --?' Harry Dowling is 'with mo, and wo're^oing tod'o a littlo business on this side N'of the Murray. , How glad Harry '11 be to see you T'^_. ',.' ? Now Iliirry Dowling 'was, in every way, a remarkable character,. His fathor had' reached Sydney, at£ the' Goyerinnent 6x ponso, having beeiv' oxpntriatod for. his daligraphic abilities. *'Ho had, . hdwover, like many othors : who had lbf t* theic* country for thoir country'B good/got'Oii wonderfully jurell, and had becoino a cattle owner of somowoalth. Ho liad^senthis son Harry ^to one of tho bost schools in Sydney, ahdUarry_, in the courso of years, booamo a very fair, clasaieal and matlio matical scholar. lBo wrote 'versos -into the bargain; and,ns a neoossdry adjunct to his talont, ho wns ondowdd with a most romantic imagination. I first met him in Cockatoo Island, whore lio wns undergoing a Bentbhco of six months for tho luxury of horsewhipping a magistrate whbjhnd coarsely alluded to his fathor'si antecedents. Liatening thore, like mysolf, to tho stories' told of advonturous dopredatipn, ho,' too, was fasoinated by- tho ronianco of orimo. '-..-''':? Ho and Christy loftlho jaland together ; and Harry commenced professional opjera tionb'by writing out forged' ijUoquesvf or his cbinpanidn to utter. Of coiirso t jioso loarued in- such matters will1 ih. this at onco rocogniso tho development of horodi tnry talent. ?'??-. . _ ' -I acoompaniod Christy to a publio-houso in ABhby (a sort of suburb to Goolong), iand was there hoartily ? welcomed by tho classical aud romantic 'Hurry Dowling. Tho.follpjviug story,. giyon as near as I canromembdr in Harry's o\yn;,words,-'will convey to tho roador somo idea of the pocnliur tact nnd ingenuity displayed by this young geiitloimm in his professional career.' ' ? -,-v ?.'?'? Said Harry in tho course of the dvon ing, ' I liavo recently had quito mi nd; venture, iiotliiii(,''lpss l;lmn rosoiiiii' i«ur[ friend Ohriiity from tho grasp .of .'the I'hilisliiws.' ' ?'' ???'??? Of course I wna ourioua lo learn ' tha ?'?'??? I '?' ? /? ' ? '''? : ? ?' S : .',-?: ''.k-:'';.-'':. A. ?? ?'? pnrtiuulnrs, and Uairy unajuit 's^. to communicato them. Tho B';ot.vf'Hfe(K^ oharactoristio that it must havo a oliaBfoi^Jjr to itBolf. Z'j -fCS *{S» (JlohtcoHtinucil^ » ^ 4--r ^j. 