From wlmt wo have said in vindication of tlie urgency of a reform of our Parlia mentary procedure it will be seen tliat we do not think it ut nil inconsistent with Liberal principles to demand tbat some radical change should be made iu u system which puts it 111 the power of a few obstructionists to wiliidly impede the progress of public business to gratify their private piques and grudges. Ou the contrary, the new standing order in tlie House of Commons for the suppression of the nuisance was passed at the suggestion of Mr. Gladstone, whose Liberalism is beyond suspicion, and who dofended tlio innovation upon general principles: — " We " havo como to the time when, if tlio " House of Commons is to continue " worthy of that place in public confi- " dence and esteem which it has hitherto " held, it will have to address itself in a " bold nud manful spirit to consider " bow, by more stringent and effective " rules, it may place itself iu a condition " of renewed capacity to pursuo regularly " and efficaciously the performance of its "great duties in the constitution of the 1 w w. 1.- 1 ' ' . — ......j. ..v ....... ..o u.iiiu u. con spirators to contend against like the Irish lirigade, who have elevated Obstruction to the dignity of a Causo ; but the history of every session bears testimony to tbe power of a few irresponsible members of .the Assembly to block business as effec tually as though they had Parliament in cluiins at their feet, and aimed at replacing it by tbe despotism of a Clique; and Mr. Gladstone's language is us per tinent to our case as it was to his own. The tactics of the Obstructionists are assisted by the laxity of the rules of tbe House, and if we are to meet them successfully we must, as Mr. Gladstone says, make those rules more stringent. A member is in keeping with the rules when he moves the adjournment of the House nnd the adjournment of the debate alter- nately in order to talk an obnoxious measure off the floor ; and when tlie House is in committee of the whole his power for mischief is increased by the law of Parliament that authorises him to speak to every clause in a bill ns often ns lie pleases. In almost e very L egislative Assem bly, other than the House of Commons, there is a way of bringing the debate to a termination by an arbitrary vote of tbe House, cither by moving the Previous Question, as Sir Jnmea M Culloch did on a memorable occasion, or by taking the wish of the Chamber by a direct division. ' A provision that no sper-ebes should bo allowed- on "a motion for adjournment, . as in South Australia, would luivo tbo same effect, because it is only to enable tnembovs to speak that such, motions are used. The adoption of even a modified form of die cloture Buch. as this, however, would give a tyrannical majority tho power of gagging a minority that may happen to represent the popular cause, as Mr. Berry's minority did during the M'Culloch crisis; and it could only bo sanctioned by tlie Liberal party on condition that a longer interval than two years should not elapse between one general election and another. This would limit the duration of the gngger's triumph, and possibly deter him from using his power at all. The obstructionist in com mittee could bo defeated more easily still by restricting him to a single speech, instead of allowing him to talk at large as often as his breath will hold out. Aud ns for the rowdy member who brings Parliament into disgrace by liis method of talking and will not be suppressed by entreaties or threats, it would be xulficient to leave the House at the invitation of its Chairmun to say that he shall not bo heard any longer, or even to suspend him for the rest of tlio sitting. If we reduced the Parliamentary term from three years to two we might gnin in point of working time by lengthening tho session, or abstaining from a recess till tho work for which the Government made it respons ible at tbo opening should bo cleared off tho notice paper. The great point after all is to clear our minds of the fetish worship of forms and traditions, and to bring ourselves to think that Parliament was made for wan, and not mau for Parliament, aud that it is not, like the ghost in Hamlet, a thing so majestic in itself that it were a sin to do it injury. It is not injuring it by bringing it into harmony with public sentiment, and making it iu reality what- it theoretically is, the servant of the public. Every thinking person who has the courage to glance at tho debates in his morning's paper feels instinctively that there must be something, radically wrong about a system that brings the proceedings of the deliberative Assembly of the nation into ridicule nnd contempt in every servants' lmll throughout the country. It seems absurd to suppose that anybody can believe thnt it is essential to the making of our laws and to sound legis lation generally that Mr. Gaunson should refer to tho bandy legs of a -Ministerial supporter, or that a Minister should waste an hoar in vindicating tho character which he had jeopardised when last lie sat in Opposition. Yet it is quite credible that in some circles the Parliamentary larrikin is regarded as a healthy sign rather than otherwise, and thnt the noisier nud more obstructive ho is the less clmnce the Government ha9 of stealing a march upon its audience. a Government with these people is the natural eucmy of .the public, aud obstructing its measures is tbo most effectual method of criticising them. But of course there is 110 reason whatever in such a farcical estimate of Mr. Gaunson's use iu tho con stitution. To watch the action of tho Government with a vigilant eye, and oven to suspect its motives, 13 in telligible enough iu an Assembly of erring men ; but the most discrimin ating critics are not made out of Merry Andrews or Mountebanks, neither are the beRt laws made 111 the heated atmosphere of a taproom. Our laws are shamefully defective, because of the defec tive insight which is brought to bear upon them ; or they are aborted at tlio birth altogether, because they encounter nothing but obstruction and an unfriendly spirit at their very first stage. The waste paper basket at the end of each session is filled with thu debris and wreckage of these ill fated measures, that w9?e doomed never to emerge from the portfolio of the Minister who had charge of them. They have been sacrificed, not because there was no time to discuss tliein, but because the time that should have been given to their discussion wab devoted to faction fights aud personalities. Thnt this state of tilings should have been patiently endured by the taxpayers who pay members of Parliament to do their work for them is due partly to the indifference that come3 of long ill usage, and partly to the hallucination that it is, like tho small-pox, an cltect of tlio system of nature, aud that it would bo flying against the mysterious laws of Providence, to whom English institutions have been a special object of solicitude since the days of King William, to attempt to mend matters. Nevertheless, it only requires an effort to rid ourselves of this feeling', aud correct the abuses iu tiio practical spirit of business men who believe that our institutions exist for our convenience, and arc not, like our theological creeds, proof against the inventive spirit of tho age. A Committee of experts chosen from botli Houses would be the proper body to investigate tho nature of the morbus comitialis that threatens Parliamen- tary government among us, and to suggest the appropriate remedies ; and if tlio Government would avail itself of tho coming recess, nnd appoint such a com mittee, upon the English precedents of 1s61, 1869 and 1871, to report for the benefit of Parliament next Bession, we believe that it would earn tbe hearty approbation of the country at the geueral election to follow ; for without some such step the couutry feels that there Ib no chance of things getting better, and every probability that they will become worse. Tiie Public Service Act Amendment Bill is ono of thoso moderate measures which are intended to disarm hostile criticism. Thero arc already complaints on the part of the dissatisfied public servants that the bill does not concede all their demands, and the Bchool teachers in particular are indignant ; but tho Government had to consider, in the first place, whether those demands to their full extent were reason able ; and, in tho second place, what concessions Parliament was likely to make. To introduco auy strongly debatable matter into a measure submitted at this period of the session would simply be to make its acceptance by Parliament this year hopeless, nnd this consideration should have weight with such hon. members as desire legislative sanction to bo given to tho proposals of tho Public Service Association. The temperance party suffered a loss by refus ing to accept tho instalment of reform contained in the Amending Licensing Bill ; and tho public servants would do well not to commit a Bimilnr blunder in regard to the substantial advantages pro posed to bo conferred upon them by tbe Public Service Bill. Tbe main principle of tbe Public Ser vice Act, the exclusion of political inilueucc from appointments and pro motions, is adhered to.- Even police magistrates are to remain under the con trol of the Publio Service Board, although excellent reaiena may be adduced why such important judicial officers should he placed in tho same relation to tho Govern- mcnt as the judges of County Courts. An improvement is made, however in the mode by which police magistrates are appoiuted. The office will not in future, if the bill bocomcs law, fall — as a matter of course to the senior clerks of court, and tlie candidate, unless he is a barrister or attorney, will be called upon to pass an examination before he can be appointed. Yncancies must be filled from the ranks of tho service, if duly qualified persons can be found therein if not, appointments may be made from outside. This provision will probably give a sufficiently wide area of choioe to secure tlie offices being filled with suit able men, which is all that the countiy desires. There are, however, some depitrt. ments in which the control of the Public Service Board is relaxed or ousted. Power is given to the Governor in Council to make regulations for the appointment or dismissal of officers of the penal estab- bailments and hospitals for the insane. 1 It has been found by experience > that something like military discipline I 13 required in prison management, ! and it will be remembered that tlio Lunacy Commission proposed to confer upon tho superintendents of lunatio asylums absolute power to appoint and dismiss wardsmen and nurses in those institutions, the superintendents accept ing full responsibility for the actions of their appointees. Such arbitrary power might possibly be abused, and the abuse not be capable of ready demonstration; whereas the present cumbrous mode of ascertaining the unfitness of officers for tho service must lead to the practical condonc- ment of all but the very gravest offences. The Government has chosen the middle course, of providing by regulation for appointments aud dismissals: and thenbm may at least be tried n3 an experiment, Scientific appointments in the Publio Library, Museum and National Gallery aro to bo made by the Trustees instead of by the Board, on the ground, we presume, that the former afe " more likely to bo competent judges of tho technical qualifications of tlio candidates than the Public Service Commissioners. Perhaps the most pro- uouueud departure from the principles of the Public Servico Act is the proposal to withdraw from its operations the officers of Parliament. It may he considered that it is in fra dig. for the High Court of Parliament to have its officers and servants under auy but its own control. Such a view bus been expressed by several hon. 1 members, but unless practical difficulties in tho working of the service cau bo pointed to the Houses should hesitate before they pronounce an indirect con- (lemnation of the chief principle of the j Act. So far as jealousy of tbo inter- ; vention of another body is concerned, ill j is somewhat misplaced here, since S the Publio Service Board is the : creature of Parliament, mid is otil? 1 obeying its behests in undertaking 1 tlie control of tho Parliamentary officers, j It is understood, however, thnt lion, mem bers in both Chambers have determined to resume control over the appointment aud promotion of their own officials; and there will bo 110 great objection on the part of tho public so long as tho arrange ment does not lead to an expansion of tlie cost of tlio Legislature, which is already too great, nnd tho proceeding docs not encourage the officers of oilier depart ments to seek for escape from the opera tions of tlie Act. i The Government lias not thought fit to comply with the request made for a court of appeal to recjusidcr the classification of the Public .Service Board. But per mission is giveu to the Board to rc-classify the work done by any officer with a view ta his higherclassilication. An attempt, which will probably be found perfectly futile, ! is made to remove some of the grievances of teachers connected with transfers and tlio classification of .schools, and junior assistants are to form a separate division of the fifth class. The clauses referring to female officers and their position in tho service, to the retirement of oliieers over 60, and to the punishment of officers guilty of negligence or mis conduct, are nil important, and have been shown to be necessary by experi ence in tlio working of tlie principal Act. It will bo seen that tlio bill is one which affects tho interests of the large class employed in tlio service of the State, j and who arc entitled to have any real grievances under which tliey suffer redressed. The public at largo is also interested in the measure, inasmuch as it aims at improviug tho administration of public affairs, aud at making tho machinery of Government work more smoothly. It is to be hoped, therefore, that Parliament will deal with it this session, and not allow it to share tlie fate of tho "slaughtered innocents," though it must be confessed that the omcuB are not very favorable. The figures given in our columns on Saturday from the pamphlet compiled by Mr. Alsop, actuary of the Melbourne Savings Bunk, bIiow that thriftiness is becoming u conspicuous feature amoj the masses of Australasia. The total too mated population of tho seven colonies on 30th June lust was 3,555,839; and of these thero were 530,477 depositors i" tho Savings Banks, and tho amount lmj deposited attained tlie large sum of jbj £12,459, 115. Victoria's share of deposi- h tors, proportioned to population, i3 highly satisfactory, though in the money placed in the banks she is surpassed, pro roti, |H by some of tho other colonies. Ihe esti- mated population of Victoria on the 30th June was 1,019,106 ; the depon- tors numbered 203,845, and the jh balances at date reached £3,554,581 Tho most notablo disproportion a between the colonies is in the number 0 depositors in Victoria and in New Sont Wales, although the difference in the amounts is inconsiderable. Against t -e 203,845 depositors accredited to ® New Soutli Wales can place only 114,033, h which proves that the Savings Bunks here h arc more thoroughly fulfilling their mission as receptacles of tbe savings of the poorer classes than in tho elder community. b Mr. Alsop supplies information wbic shows what great progress has been mi j in the last four years iu the frugal bati" h of tho people of Victoria, in «s f« these are illustrated by Savings . 0 statistics. The increase in population 100,099, while the depositors have m-h creased by 66,752, and the balances b« £746,145. If we go back seven yea, the increase is still more striking- population in 1880 was 860, ' . 159,039 less than to-dny. The numb« Savings Bank depositors.at that tuM- 0 92,114, or 111,731 less, nmltho batow £1,661,409, nearly two miffiotM w<0 the total of June, 1887. MgM years back Victoria possessed no more than half its present population — namely, 554,353— -but only 13,309 hud dealings with the Savings banks, and the de posits iu tlieni attained to little more than a seventh of the existing total. When the work performed in a similar direction by building and Friendly Societies is taken into accouut, it is clear that Victorians aro not wanting in the economy and hus bandry which lend to competence. But important as the business of the Savings Banks is as a factor iu national prosperity, it is quite possible to overrate its significance. The tables Mr. Alsop supplies furnish proofs of this fact. Now Zealand ranks high among the colonies in respect to this description of accumulation, yet other sources of statistical information prove that the colony is passing through a period of severe depression. South Aus tralia is in a somewhat similar position. Her Savings Bank accumulations are largo in comparison to her population, yet her commercial outlook is at this moment far from satisfactory. When a community is ina nourishing condition, and openings for investment arc plentiful, there must natu rally be a tendency for the money even of the poorer classes to he utilised in more profitable ways than .Savings Banks offer. In Victoria the people of the provincial districts are brought into direct contact with the State possessions by means of residence areas and agri cultural leases ; and surplus earnings are enabled to be directly invested in secur ing comfortable homes. The aim of the foremost statesmen of the day is to devise means by which working people may obtain the benefits derived from the occupancy of land without having to pay toll to syndicates and capitalists. If this aim can bo realised by means of village settle ments or some other similar scheme, the present system of Savings Banks may be superseded by a better method of turning small contributions of capital to profitable account. 