LADIES' COLUMN, THE TRAINING OF GIRLS. Bv OMBBA Education nowadays lias sot up for girls a fixed pattern, which it rigorously label's to stereotype iqxm the vast pago of intelluot aud morals presented by the myriad brums and lives of the rising generation of womon. Cue of tho comixmrnt parts of this set model is the study of music. Kvory girl must learn tliii accomplishment, irrespective of taste or talent. Some people have a very aggressive feel ing towards this study, when it is foixed upon them. Why should a girl bo toimented with music if she liato it? which sonic of these miserable victims posi tively do. llcr practice U a daily anguish to herself and to all those unfortunates who are within earshot of the" dreadful sounds. After veaisof painful toil, loss of money and valu able time, her performances are a ixmauec to herself and n terror to her friends. Why should girls liko this be coerced into a study for which they have not tho ghost of a capacity, using up tho precious energies and biain iKiwer which ought ti be devoted to tho eJucatiou of the faculties which tliey really possess. I think it will generally bo f mud that those who have such an aversion to the learning of music are tho owners of some other decided talent. Then let the music go niul allow them to cultivate aud develop to the utmost tho gifts they have, instead of wasting a large slice of their youth m vain efforts to acquire that which nature has left out of her work. Depend upon it thr kind mother has fully com pensated her child for this special omission. But because a girl has not the. musical genius, it docs not necessarily follow that she cannot apprreinte music. She may havo the ear to dnnk in tht- sweet sounds which come straight from tiie soul of the true artist, and enjoy them to the fullest extent, although she lacks the power to produce them herself. A craze of tho parents of the day Is that all their young duiiglitors shall be musical ; hence tho set pattern of the school spoken of. H is a craze that infests society all through, from the Conservative rli!c down to the ranks of tho humble but iiulisj.vnsaUle washerwoman. To bo able to ''pk.y the piano," is to many im.tiii'ts of the laltoring elastics the stamp of gentility, aud they are anxious that their, daughters should receive the mark and thereby, they hope, pass current in a nighcr sphere than the honest hard -working mothers them selves occupy. If these same mothers, who are so anxious to see their girls possess these genteel accom plishments, would be equally ambitious to initiate them into tho arts of boiling n potato, corking a chop, making a bod decently, and keeping a hu%e cloan, their future husbands and children would reap the blessed fruits of unimpaired digestion ami cleanly well-ordered homes. 1 am ghul to seo the Methodist Ladies' College is making a new departure in tho formation of cla«>er for instruction in photo graphy, type writing, short- hand, cookery and sick nursing. This I hnjw> is the begtmung of a new dispensation in our our Australian sys tem of education. Every girl riiould cultivate arduously that which she feels to be her special talent. If she In the child of wealth with no necessity to labor for her own support, it will be a source of interest and amusement and intellectual gratification. Riches take to themselves wings at unexpected momenta, nnd the gift that had been cherished for pleature may suddenly, become the precious source of daily Every woman should have the menus of self-maintenance in h-r head or her hands, no matter how remote the )»ossihilitv of requiring them may be. Teaching it. the widest avenue open to women of education at the present, tune, but it is distressingly overcrowded. Many girls have not the capacity to acquire the accomplishments necessary for a successful governess, then let them lip trained to something else that they can do with credit lo themselves and benefit to others. Let them ho instructed in such arts as those now taucht in the Ladies' College mentioned before, and in addition, such other useful occupations as book-keeping, cutting out, dresKinnuiog, mil linery, engraving, prmtimr, modelling, elocu tion, etc., etc. I think it would be a groat aid to parents in the education of their families, if they would take their children to an expert phren ologist of well-known ami unquestionable in. tegrity, and thus learn the special gifts and tendencies, both good and evil, of their offspring, and train them uccordingly,.(tcveluping ihe good, restraining the evil, and with wise culture making of their children's lives a wonderful harmony of sweet music, in which the pounding of un willing, incapable fingers ou a dead, irrespon sive piano would be as impossible as a dis cordant instrument in r perfectly- trained orchestra. - 