... ... . .. ...... ...... , KOT RS UV OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. TO the many visitors of the South Australian Jubilee Exhibition the Fine Arts Department'.will prove the greatest attraction. ' ~. The exhibits in the British Court have been selected with great judgment by the able secretary, Colonel Sir Herbert Sandford, R.A., and the Fine Art Committee in London, Sir Frederick Leighton, P.R.A., Sir John Gilbert, R.A., and Sir James Linton, P.R.I. ; and form a fair representation of living British artists of repute. They comprise 82 pictures in oil, 62 in water colour, 34 engravings and etchings, and 45 drawings in black and white. They are distributed in three large rooms, NO. 10.-"A KKUKIJLIOUS Sl'lTHR.' - BY ].'. G. COT-MAN, K.l. and well hung, as a rule, in a good light, against a peculiarly harmonious Venetian red-a tint specially selected by Sir Frederick Leighton, and which shows almost any picture to great advantage. On entering the central room the first picture to catch the eye is No. 19, " A Rebellious Sitter/' by F. G. Cotman, R.I. This is a large and ambitious work in oil, and represents a little damsel tired of sitting to the unseen Artist. She is mounted on a high chair, and, her to j's and picture-book discarded and thrown on the floor in disorder, she has flung herself back ina rebellious pet, and sits swinging one little foot, from off which the shoe has slipped. The attitude of the small rebel in pouting defiance is replete with childish grace, and is both natural and easy. She must be a very charming little sitter indeed when good, if when naughty she be so delightful. This is a very good picture in every sense- broadly treated and solidly painted, the colours harmonious and true, with all the many accessories carefully subordinated to the central 'motif. It is one of several which we trust may be / secured for some Australian gallery. The price asked (£250) is, considering its size, by no means a high one. NO. 04.-"A D1V1ÎK."- BY WALTER CRANE. Next to this hangs a very powerful and telling land- scape, No. 67, "The Daylight Dies," by Alfred Parsons, R.T. The clouds are finely lighted, and the reflections in the water in the foreground exceedingly well rendered, while the trees in the middle distance tell with great effect against the sky. This is a true artist's study, and shows plenty of thoughtful observation and good handling. P No. 32, " Italian Con tad ini at a Shrine in Rome," by Keeley Halswelle, A.R.S.A., R.I., is a very artistic and finely treated interior of a Roman Cathedral. A group of roughly-clad herdsmen and women of the Cam pagna are kneeling devoutly in a vast and dimly lighted church, the broken pavement being used with great judgment to give diversity to the foreground. The handling in this picture is very masterly, the figures well grouped, expressing their story well, and the colouring fine though subdued. Readers who are familiar with the same artist's grand "Non Angli sed Angeli ' in the Sydney Gallery, will not be surprised to hear that this work is priced at 550 guineas. Next to it is a very careful and laborious work No. 81, "A Story Book," by J. M. Strudwick. ?. This picture is painted in an accentuated form of pre Raphaelitism, every leaf and fruit of the trees, and NO. SI.-' A STORY BOOK."- KY .1. M. STKUDWICK. every blade of grass, being most faithfully and minutely given with almost painful distinctness. Two graceful girls, painted with exquisite delicacy and refinement, are seated in an orchard dressed in medieval Italian costume, one reading some enthralling tale of Boccaccio from a manuscript, and the garden overlooks an archaic land- scape suitable to the story. This is a good specimen of ' the work of the disciples of the Pre-Raphaelite Brother- hood. It is ultra-estheticism in its most refined form. Near to it hangs No. 23, " Seeing them off," by Thomas Faed, R.A. An aged Highlander andhis grand-daughter are standing on the shore watching with tearful eyes the departure of their loved ones to a foreign clime. This is painted in Faed's well-known style, and will go straight home to many a heart. He could not leave his Highland home Where he was born and bred ; The purple heath his footsteps trod Must o'er him bloom when dead. A very grand work is No. 47, Sir Frederick Leighton's portrait of Sir Richard Burton, the well known explorer and writer. There can be no two opinions about this splendid work, which is not for sale, and is almost price- less. It is marvellously vigorous, full of character and decision, and reminds one more of Watts'handling than Leighton's. In the same room hangs No. 85, a nearly full-length portrait of a young lady, by Watts. Easy and graceful in attitude, half-leaning against the wall, she seems a living, breathing bit of Nature, real warm flesh and blood, and not a " lifeless personation." This picture, like his splendid " Orpheus and Eurydice," No. 86, is only lent, for exhibition, and is not for sale. In this latter work Orpheus is depicted at the moment when, having forgotten the god's injunctions, he has looked back, and finds the restored Eurydice, for whom he has dared so much, gliding again from life to death. Turn- ing, he strains her convulsively to him, and tries in vain to withhold the dreaded change. Half woman, half ghost, the ill-fated Eurydice is sinking again even to the "voiceless tomb " in spite of the strong loving hands that grasp her, and his agonising look of entreaty and KO. 30.-" OVER TUE RUSHES AND,OVER THE SEDGE."-BY JAB. E. GRACE. despair. The lute that won her to life lies neglected on the shore ; it cannot restore her a second time. His agony is the greater in that he loses her by his own fault, even as he won her back from the shades by his ówn courage and devotion. This picture, though small in size, shows all Watts' best merits in a high degree : ¡his grand modelling, broad massive brush work, and highly intellectual rendering. It is to be hoped that no means may be neglected of inducing Mr. Watts to leave with us at least one of . these fine examples of Iiis art. j No. 30, ' ' Over the Rushes and Over the Sedge," by Jas.; E. Grace, is a beautiful landscape, cool in tone, but harmonious in colouring. The quiet lake fringed by millions of tangled rushes and bordered again by dense woods, makes ' a very fascinating picture. No. 70 is a large work by J. Pettie, R.A., entitled "Site of ari Early Christian Altar," ambi- tious in design, and very fine in composition and drawing, but not altogether pleasing in colour. The story, too; requires explan- ation ; it does not readily tell its own tale. The price asked is a very long one, £1,000. Oppo- site this hangs a gigantic canyas, No. 28, "Gordon's Last Mes- senger," by F. Goodall, R.A. An immense camel speeding over Egyptian plains, plentifully strewn with bones, and lit with blue lights. This takes up the room of four ordinary pictures. The "Hermes" of Professor W. B. Richmond, No. 75, is a well composed and strongly painted work. The god is stooping in a natural attitude to fasten on his winged talaria, previous to a flight across the sea that stretches beneath him. This would be a fine picture if the flesh of the god were not too coppery in tone ; and the drapery also is deficient in texture and hard in line. In No. 64 Mr. P. Ii. Morris, A.R.A., gives us the well known historical scene of "Edward I. presen ting his Infant son to the Welsh." This is avery carefully painted and well balanced work of great merit. It is almost too careful, in fact, for the wonderfully bur- nished armour of the king does not seem to have seen service, and . smacks unmistakably of Wardour Street. The two dogs and bloodhound and stag hound, are very fine. The former must have been a prize dog itt his day. This large and important picture cannot be considered dear at £800. NO. -IS.-"A TYPE OF J5KAUTY."-RY SIR EREDK. LEIGHTON, I'. R.A. No. 43, one of Colin Hunter's wonderfully powerful sea pieces, called " As they Roar on the Shore," we hardly like so much as the well known "Salmon Fishers " in the Sydney Gallery. > i No. 48, "Types of Beauty,'' by Sir Frederick Leighton, is given a place of honour, together with another picture with the same title, No. 50, by G'. D. Leslie, R.A., "Amongst the Black and Whites." Theyare both most delightful studies, but it is almost needless to say the popular President's conception of beauty is immeasurably superior to Leslie's, though that, also, has very great merit. The transparent delicacy, texture and refinement of this most charming ideal portrait cannot be equalled, and a throng of admirers daily attest the painter's power. It is a face to haunt one as a dream of sweet poetry. No. 29, "Trophies of Victory," by A. C. Gow, A.R.A., R.I., gives us an historical group, "Prince Maurice, after the battle of Newport, examining the standards taken from the enemy." The numerous figures in this picture are well grouped and natural in action, the colour of the various uniforms and the standard lending great variety and brightness to the NO. 07.-"TUB DAYLIGHT DIKS."-HY AhV. PARSONS, K.I scene, of which all the costumes and accessories appear to have been very carefully studied. Similar high praise we may with justice award to No. 55, " Charles I. before Gloucester," by Seymour Lucas, A.H.A., and these two works pair admirably together, and would be a valuable addition to any of our galleries. No. 69, " The Iris Butterfly," by C. E. Perugini, is very sweet and soft in tone. A young girl watching a butterfly on some azalea blossoms. No. 84, "Matching the Seabirds near the Lizard, Cornwall," by E. A. Waterlow, is a very strong little sea piece ; the sapphire tinted sea and bold cliffs being equally broadly treated. No. 17, "The Lute Player," by the Hon. John Collier, is a nicely composed and well painted portrait, apparently life size ; the drapery, of a light green, being NO 86.-"OUrilKUS AND EURYDICE."-HY G. E. WATTS, U.A. very well worked, pleasing in tone and texture, and the whole work a good example of a rapidly rising artist. In the water colours the most noticeable are : 94, " A Diver," by Walter Crane. This is a very original design-a nude figure cleaving the water with out- stretched hands, the air bubbles streaming upward. The whole Bubject is treated under water, the diver stretching diagonally from corner to corner, the startled fish rushing out of his way. The coloring is very, strong and finely contrasted, and. the picture attracts the eye from every part of the room. No. 95, " Food for Powder," by Frank Dadcl, has so recently appeared in the London Graphic that there is no need to describe the subject. The coloring is good and drawing admirable. No. 101 is a very charming little gem by Birket Foster, priced at £75. No. Ill is a vigorous and well drawn "Horse attacked by Lions," by Heywood Hardy. Priced at £40. No. 115, "Mother and Child," by G. E. Hicks, isa beautiful study by lamplight, the flesh tints being un- commonly fine, and the expression of love and maternal pride very sweetly rendered. No. 122, " Decorating a Signboard," by Yeend King, is quite a tour deforce in color, the figures well drawn, and the colours splendidly contrasted. This is cheap at £21. No. 142, " Hours of Idleness," by John Scott, RI., represents three maidens, young and fair, with nothing to do, leaning over a fence, in different attitudes, and very becoming dresses, looking at some flowers. The colours are very nicely arranged, and the whole subject a taking one. All the engravings and etchings are good without ex- ception, but the finest are : No. 173, " The Birth of Galatea"; 174, "Pan and Psyche," after E. Burne Jones, by C. W. Campbell ; 177, " The Herring Market. at Sea," by Coliss Hunter, A.R.A. ; 178, " The Wings of the Morning,'? by Joseph Knight, R.I. ; 179, "The Harvest Moon," after G. Mason ; 181, 182, "The Pied Piper of Hamelin," after G. J. Pinwell, by R. W. Macbeth, A.R.A.' These last three are very fine works, and would be an acquisition to any gallery. 188, "Nerina," by E. Slocombe, after C. E. Perugini ; 189, "My Windmill"; 190, "Home," by F. Slocombe; 193, "Toil, Glitter, Grime and Wealth on a Flowing Tide," by. W. Wyllie, R.I. There is also a fine re- touched proof of Holman Hunt's superb " Flight into Egypt," priced at £12 12s. 240, " Vestal," by Miller ; 242, "Anita," by Atkinson, both after Sir Frederick Leighton; 245, "The Evening Hymn," after G. Mason, by Wal tn er ; 246, "Summer Morn," a very fine photogravure, after Sir F. Leighton. All the other drawings, in black and white, of pictures which have appeared in the Graphic are very interesting, and will repay careful study. _ . E, S. 