Santa Claus. We toard a young gentlemau thi other d\y daring to ask questions abnut Hantd Ulna) Let our Httlo friendB bj all means ba-vaT» of unbe'ief in the pretty stories which children have been t Id hu'.drods and hnndr da nf years Of course we havo all road of the Garnnn legend of SanK Clans. B.-fora t{ nag to »Uep on Christmas Eve it is the custom for ohildren to hang np their stjfkiug-s at the foot of the bod or on tho wall, and during tho silent ho in of the night Santa CUos, so it in stated, de scends the chimney to deposit ia tin stoiHagi gifts for all gocd children, while if anyon'j htn been nanghty, the tiny whito- board id fat dwaif, 8t NicholiB, will leave a men stingin,' switch instead of eweeimeats. M-titar Hiritoe paid to biB mammi, 'Isay, mamma, if Sitnta ClanB is snoh a very li tie elf a» you siy hi is, how could ho climb np into my bed ?*' Thi* in very Bad, for Horoea U only a ch'ld a(hr a'l ; and yet he dare? to doubt ths atory ia wbioh thousftidB of children in Kuglund, Ame ion, France, Belgium, and oth^r oouatries firmly telievo. Eo;ides, w'U M*ster Hocioa ba good eiough to tell an where the bonbons, toys, anl oranges como from? Can ho dony that lajt Chiitltnas moining both he and K'.sio found alt sorts of good th'igs in their stiwkiogs, whifh ?were hung up at tbe foot of tbo oorafortabla. nicely-painted iron bedstead ? Who pat them there if 8anta Claus did not ? And if Santi Clous did not deccend the chimney as Horaoa ini-ii-ts ho did not, for the boat of all reason i, uuui*;iyt tiiub nine ta xi\j iilopinuo 1U bu-3 ruutu, what dees it signify ^ Bless me, if s- potent acd good-natured a little mystery king as Sinta Clone wanted to come into your room and bi stow his favour npon you in the ehapo of pleasant gifts is lh»re ri5t tho door, is there not tho wirdoTv, i' there not even the keyhole? We mist i.ot tffend tho kind-hearted Siinta Claue by supposing that he would, tinder those circum6tBE0.-s, ftop short of a koyhola or two, ai d everjbody fcnows that when fairies, and elves, and eprites, and tho like como out of their wonde:ful realms of gossamer and light, end visit children's bedrooms in Brisbane or elfewhcic, they will suffer no obstruction; even the disgraceful roads in the north, so often re feircd to by our c 'VTitry correspondents, would net stop them, and if there were not only no cbimtejp, but no doors, end therefore no key holes, acd do windows, Santa Chns would, if be icteoded to come, still find menus of entering your rccm v. itlout making tho ghost of a noirit. Hokco, who is rather a wilful little man, f hskee his heed and eaya ho does not care ; lit will keep awake all night, and throw his sho* et the mysterious visitor — but ho artfully add* that he will keep quiet until after the BtooMnre have teen duly filled. Purhaps, therefore, v.;'. bo bcEt to inform Horace once fax all ♦hat Sacta Clans is never se?n by mortal eyes, and that little boys and girls who have ben known to keep awake by turns, m order to see who reaily brings the gifts, always drop dead asleep just before the presents b?gin to tumble icto the Blockings. (Adapted.) 