THE POBTRAIT OF MARY IN HEAVEN. DBAWH FEOM HOL? SCEIPTUEB. (Concluded.), After all these considerations, 'we must acknowledge that Mary, after having conceived by the Holy Ghoet, gave birth to the only-begotten Son of God—a child Exempt from any stain of sin ; and that,after having fulfilled the. purpose for which she was supernaturaUy endowed, Mapy becaruc the wife of Joseph. Therefore according to Matthew xiii., Jesus had at thai period four brothersanlf somesisVers'; the word being in the plural number proves that there-were At least two. I then conclude, finally, that Mary had—Jesus, her firstborn son, His four brothers, and His two sisters. In Other words, Jtary was the toother of seven children at least. You 1 understand, my sister, that in painting! ought to keep in mind that serious circumstance, in order to make her features, already, rather old, appear thinner. The distinction between the brothers and cousins of the Saviour is, if possible, still more striking in the third chapter of St. Mark, for that evangelist places the mother and brethren of the Saviour, immediately after the enumeration of the twelve apostles. It may be asked, why is it deemed necessary to prove that Mary had other children? We answer, because much of the affliction which Jesus endured for us, was the result of the unbelief of His brethren according to the flesh, and He testified that "a prophet is not without honour, but in his own country, and among his own kin, and in his own house." (See St. M&Tk; vi. 4) , . , But if the advanced age of sixty/and maternity seven times repeated, induced me to depict the features of a good and holy mother, as grown old in her experience of life, and alas! in its deep sorrows also—for her suffering at the death of her first-born son pierced her soul as with a sword—nothing, however, gave me any hint of the expression of her countenance. Were her features good and regular, or was there nothing remarkable about them ? The answer appeared to me difficult to find. I even went through the whole of the New Testament, without discovering anything which could lead me to a direct solution of it. I observed, nevertheless, at each page, a marked omission as regards anything relating to her personal appearance. Still, I thought that there must be some allusion to the person of Jesus Christ, when a passage in the Old Testament confirmed my opinion. Isaiah, in chapter liii., thus describes the appearance oE the Messiah : "He hath no form nor comeliness, and when we shall see Him, there is no beauty tbat we should desire Him ; on the contrary, we turned away our faces from Him." Such is the description given by the prophet Isaiah. Ah 1 doubtless, dear siBter, Jesus is the Son of God for you as well as for me, and He Himself is God: He is the model of holiness, greatness of mind, and magnanimous devotedness. Without doubt, Jesus is worthy of all our adoration ; but observe that I am only speaking here of the body ia human from which Mary bore, to dwell amongst us, for a time in humility 4 yet in .prostrating myself before God, I can acknowledge that His human form had neither beauty nor comeliness, nor, in short, anything attractive. If such was Jesus, we can suppose for the same reasons, and even for stronger motives, that such also was Mary. . • I was about to place myself before the canvas, and to take up my brush, when a new idea struck me. It was Mary, such as she 18 sow, and SOT what SHE WAS in childhood nor in youth, that, you asked me to portray ; and yon were right; for it was not Mary at her marriage, but Mary after her entrance into heaven ; and here 1 fotuid nothing in the Holy Scriptures to guide me. The Church says much of the Assumption of the Virgin; but the Word of God says nothing. What could I do? A good Catholic submits to the Church. I admit, then, without further hesitation, what that good mother teaches, namely, that Mary at the end of ber life on earth (at the age of sixty, according to our calculation) was taken up to heaven, both body and soul, and placed near her son. That being accepted as a fact, how should I represent Mary, on her entrance into paradise? Doubtless with the features that she had when leaving this world, as the Church says she did not die, and has the same body now ; but has not fhat body undergone a change 1 That was a question which I thought I could have decided with certainty from the Word of God. I looked all through the New Testament pgain, and this is what I found on the subject: Jesus said to the Sudducees, " They which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, neither marry nor are given in marriage, for they are equal unto the angels." So Mary, now in heaven, can neither marry nor be given in marriage. She is, if I may so express it, ^either man nor woman; Jesus says it—she is like unto \- the angels. Now, how are angels represented; or, lather, what chiefly distinguished these celestial beings frbm mankind? We cannot but believe that their forms were like ours, for thus they often appeared to persons who are mentioned in the Old and New Testament ; but in Isaiah vi. we are told that in the presence of God the angels " cover their faces with their wings," from whence I draw this conclusion—if it be not certain, it is at least probable, that our celestial bodies, like angels, will have the same admirable means of traversing space, as the messengers of God from one world to another. This is why I have , given wings to the Queen of Heaven, who does not belong to either sex, and who entered into'paradise, according to the tradition of the Church, on quitting this earth, at the age ofsixty. As to the garments with which I have attired Mary, I l>ave not been guided by the fanciful portraits .which lepresent her gracefully clothed in a pale blue robe, falling in folds, and partly open, but I have followed 8t. John's description in his vision of heaven, when he saw a great multitude arrayed in long white robes. This is the explanation of the style of my portrait. I hope you will be satisfied with it, for I have done what I promised.; it bears a closer resemblance to Mary than any portrait that has hitherto been painted. Believe me, Your devoted and respectful Brother, JOSEPH DE SAINT PIEBBE. P fS.—I return the Bible that you may refer to the 1 quotations which vindicate my performance. Thirteen months passed away. The abbess then sent the following letter, which closes' this correspondence:— ST. MARY'S ABBEY, February mh, 1S67. • DBAB BBOIHEB vs OUBLOBD AND SAVIOUB JESUS CHRIST,—I wjote to you with a heart filled with joy, r and with the purest pleasure. You have done me the : '-' jneatest servicfe $ do not doubt it; it is ©illy-just; 1 that should endeavour^ perform » 5imilftrBervlce towArd$ you. You thought wu sent be au virianimate portrait, whereas you Tiavfe gtv£n fce a" fitlhg bteing ! You thought you should make me better acquainted with'a mediatrix; neat to Jesus ; you bave been- the means of revealing to me OOD MISAVIOUR t But this needs explanation. I will go bapkito the .beginning. . You will understand that on the arrival of your picture and your letter, ! looked first at the portrait. IT STARTLED MEI I "read your letter, and although with difficulty, I received your reasons. At,length; £ hung the blessed, portrait in my cell—jv% the blessed portrait, as you shall see. The .more 1 looked at that thin, aiged countenance, the leS& I was ehcb'&ted; with it, and my veneration for-Mary' became'w'eaker. I was dissatisfied withmyaelf j biit { reflected that after all Mary remains the spm?;. if, she be neither youpg nor beautiful, Mary .has no£ less power as an intercessor. Vainly! repeated this strong argument; I always felt that I was losing my affection for my patroness ,* and at length I was compelled to: acknowledge thai what I had chiefly loved in the Virgin, was, her, youtb and beauty, her pure ana graceful form, not her moral character nor her intercession with JesuB Christ. The fact once admitted, I wished to know for myself that blessed Mary whom I stall respected, but to whom I could no longer pray without hesitation. I opened ened the Bible that you sent back to me, and there, in sight of the portrait, I felt my old idea8 removed one after another, and the young, the gentle, and beautiful Virgin, mediatrix between Jesus and men, in short, the Queen of Heaven, changed into a humble servant of the Lord, happy because she had been received through grace ; and who, far from being able to contribute anything to the salvation of others, NEEDED A SAVIOUR HERS&LF.; This is the passage that struck me most. And Mary said, " My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit hath rejoiced in GOD MY SAVIOUR." (Luke i. 46). If God be HER SAVIOUR, thought I, Mary might have been lost; she was not without sin ! but 1 go on quoting from the Gospel, " For He hath regarded the low estate of His hand-maiden." You see Mary speaks of her lowliness 1 She' adds, "All generations shall call me blessed, for He that is mighty hath done to me great things." - So, if Mary has been lifted up, it .has. been done by the power of God, not through any power in herself. But listen to what the angel Gabriel said to her, at the 30th verse of the same chapter," Mary, thou hast found favour with God." 1 . • • Now, you know that finding favour implies that she has sinned ; you feel that it would be absurd to say that God had shown favour to Jesus Christ, because Jesus was without sin. You must not, however, think that my great joy arises from the discovery that Mary was only a blessed and very happy woman, like any other who is pardoned and saved. No ; but from the moment that I took down that idol from the throne it occupied in my heart, ROOM WAS READY FOR'HIM who ought always to ! have occupied it. Yes, while seeking in the bible to know Mary, I have learned better to appreciate Jesus Christ, my ONLY| my BELOVED Saviour; and what I find in Him, is not what I found of old in Mary—a body of flesh, moulded into such or such a form—but with a mind and heart and love, that nothing on earth can worthily express. Ah ! dear brother, when I saw the Son of God quitting heaven to dwell upon earth, when I followed him step by step, instructing the people, curing the sick, visiting the poor, not expecting anything from them, reproving the great, at the risk of their displeasure, and above all, when I heard that Saviour say to me, " Come unto Me all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and • I' will give you rest" He who believes in Me shall never die ;" " I lay down My life for My sheep f and, at length, when after listening to Him, I daw Him hanging on the Cross to atone for my sins, and crying, when dying, -" Father, forgive thetn'; for they know not what they do," oh I .then, my heart burned within? me, emotion overcame me, my eyes filled with tears, and I cried, " My Lsrd and ray God, I am saved !" From that time, everything hias appeared B«W to me; the same Christian truths which, until then, I thought I possessed, were like beautiful images, suddenly endued with life and motion. The Gospel, Christ, heaven, Gfod, became realities to me. I felt in my heart, as though a Divine guest explained to me the Word of God/ making it easy to me to do right, while, that, which was so difficult and distasteful to me now Iteoon^e sweet. In short, I am like a person transported to a new world, where ideas, feelings, indeed everything differs from the former world, and this world appeared new to me from the day.that I truly felt that I was completely and freely, saved by Jesus Christ. And as for yonrself, dear brother, will you not PURSUE the route you have &ALP; traversed ? after having put the Virgin in 1 her place, will you nob put our Lord and Saviour in His place also ? Oh 1 believe me, there is no true peace, no true joy besides. Take the Bible again (n<jt the same, for I am keeping it for myself). Accept the one I now send you ; read it daily, imploring the gift of the Holy Spirit; and be assured that you will soon find a better mediator than Mary—you will meet with Jesus, OUR G«D AND SAVIOUR I Your Sister in Christ, MARIA DE ST. ROMAS. 