^iterator*. ALLAN QTTATERMAIN : BEING AN ACCOUNT OF HIS FURTHEB ADVKNIUKES AND DISCOVERIES IN COMPANY WITH SIR HENBY OUBTI8, BABT., COMMANDEB JOHN GOOD, B.N., AND ONE tJMSLOPOGAAS. By H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of 'She,' 'King Solomon's MineV &c.; Ex Africa semper aUquid novt {Published by special snangemeat with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XV.— -Sorais' Song. — (Con- tinued ) And so another three months passed over us, by which time we had all attained to a very considerable mastery of the -Zu-Vendi language, which is an easy one to learn. And as the time went on we became great favorites with, the people, -and even with the courtiers, gaining an ?enormous reputation for cleverness be ?cause, as I think I have said, Sir Henry ?was able to show them how to make glass, which was a national want, and also by the help of a 20-year almanac that we had -vrith us to predict various heavenly com XJUlOllfMJJJB VFAUV1A TIQLO 1|1UTO UUSIW^QIfTOU hy the native astronomers. We even sue ?ceeded in demonstrating the principle of the steam-engine to a gathering of the learned men, who were filled with amazement ; and several other things -of the same sort we did. And «o it came about that the people made up their minds that we muBt on no account be. allowed to go out of the country (which indeed was an apparent impossibility even if we had wished it), £md we were advanced to great honor and made officers of the bodyguards of the ?slBter queens, while permanent quarters were assigned to us in the palace, and our ?opinion was asked upon questions of national policy. But blue as the sky seemed, there was a ?cloud, and a big one, on the horizon. We Bad indeed heard no more of those can founded hippopotami, but it is not on that .account to be supposed that our sacrilege was forgotten, or the enmity of the great ?and powerful priesthood headed by Agon appeased. On the contrary, it was burning the more fiercely because it was necessarily suppressed, and what had perhaps began in bigotry was ending in downright direct hatred born of jealousy. Hitherto the priests had been the wise men of the land, and were on this account, as well as from superstitious causes, looked on with pecu liar veneration. But our arrival with our outlandish wisdom and our strange inven tions and hints of unimagined things, dealt a serious blow to this state of affairs, and to use vulgar language went far towards upsetting the sacerdotal apple-cart. A still worse affront to them, however, was the favor with which we were regarded, and the trust that was reposed in us. All these things tended to make us exces sively obnoxious to the great priestly clan, the most powerful because the most united faction in the -kingdom. Another source of imminent danger to us was the rising envy of some of the great lords headed by Nasta, whose anta gonism to us had at best been but thinly veiled, and which now threatened to break out into open flame. Nasta had for come years been a candidate for Nyleptha's hand in marriage, and when we appeared on the scene I fancy, from all I could gather, that though there were still many obstacles in his path, success was by no means out of nte reach. But now all this had changed; the coy Nyleptha smiled no more in his direction, and he was not slow to guess the cause. In furiated and alarmed he turned his atten tion to SoraiSj only to find that he might as well try to woo a mountain side. With a bitter jest or two about his fickleness, that door was closed on him for ever. So Nasta bethought him of the thirty thou sand wild swordsmen who would pour down at his bidding through the northern mountain passes, and no doubt vowed to adorn the gates of Milosis with our heads. But first he determined, as we learned, to make one more attempt and to demand the hand of Nyleptha in the open court after tie formal annual ceremony of the signing of the laws that had been pro claimed by queens during the year. Of this astounding fact Nyleptha heard with simulated nonchalance, and with a little trembling of the voice herself in formed us of it as we sat at supper on the night preceding the great ceremony of the law-signing. Sir Henry bit his lip, and do what he could to prevent it, plainly showed his agitation.. ' And what answer will the queen be pleased to give to the great lord,' askedl, in a jesting manner. 'Answer, Macumazahh' (for we had elected to pass by our Zulu names in Za Veridis), she said, with a pretty shrug of her ivory shoulder. ** Nay, I know not ; what is a poor woman to do when the wooer has thirty thousand swords where with to urge his love!' and from under her long lashes she glanced at Curtis. Just then we rose from the^able to ad journ into another room. 'Quatermain, a word, quick;!' said Sir Henry to me. 'IdBten ; I have never spoken about it, but Burely you have guessed; 1 love Nyleptha. What am I to do ?' Fortunately I had more or less already taken the question into consideration, and was therefore able to give such answer as seemed the wisest to me. 'You must speak to Nyleptha to night,' I said. ' Now is your time, now or never. Listen ; in the sitting-room get near to her, and whiBper to her to meet you at midnight by the Radenm statue at the end of the great hall. I will keep watch for you there. Now or never, Curtis.' We passed on into the other room. Nyleptha was sitting, her hands before her, and a sad anxious look upon her lovely face. A little way off was Sorais talking to Good in her slow measured tones. The time went on ; in another quarter of an hour I knew that, according to their habit, the queens would retire. As yet, Sir Henry had had no chance of saying a word in private ; indeed, although we saw much of the royal sisters, it was by no means easy to see them alone. I racked my brains, and atlast an idea came to me. 'Will the queen be pleased,' I said, bowing low before Sorais. ' to sing unto her servants ? Our hearts are heavy this night ; sing to us, oh Lady of the Night ' (Sorais' favorite name among the people). 'My songs, Macumazahn, are not such as to lighten the heavy heart, yet will I sing if it pleases thee,' she answered, and she rose and went a few paces to a table, whereon lay an instrument not unlike a zither, and struck a few wandering chordB. Then suddenly, like the -notes of some deep-throated bird, her rounded voice rang out in song so wildly sweet, and yet with so weird and sad a refrain that it made the very blood stand still. Up, up soared the golden notes that seemed to melt far away and then to grow again and travel on, laden with aU the sorrow of the worldand all the deBnair of the lost. It was a marvellous eong, but I had not time to listen to it properly. However, I got the words of it afterwards, and here is a translation of its burden, so far a3 it admits of being translated at all. SOBAIS' .SONG. As a desolate bird that through darkness its lost way is winging, As a.hand that is helplessly raised when Death's sickle is swinging, So is life ! -ay, the life that lends passion and breath to my singing. As the nightingale's song, that is fall of a sweetness unspoken, As a spirit unbarring the gates of the skies for a token, So is love ! ay, the love that shall fall when his pinion is broken. As the tramp of the legions when trumpetB their challenge are sending, As the shout of the storm-god when lightnings the black sky are rending, So is power _! ay, the power that shall lie in the dust at its ending. So short is our life ; y et with space for all things to forsake us, A bitter deration, a dream from which naught can awake us, Till death's dogging footsteps at morn or at eve shall o'ertake us. BBFBAUff. Ok, the world is fair at the dawning, dawning, dawning, But the red sun sets in blood, the red sun sets in Wood. ,: I only wish that I could write down the music too. 'Now, Curtis, now,' I whispered when she .began the second verse, and turned my back. . . 'Nyleptha,' he said — for my nerves were so much on the stretch that I could hear every word, low as it was spoken, even, through Sorais' divine notes— ' Nyleptha, I must speak with thee this night, upon my life I must. Say me not nay I oh, say me not nay !' ' How can I speak with thee,' she answered, looking fixedly before her ; ' queens are not like other people. I am . surrounded and watched.' 'Listen, Nyleptha, thus. I will be be fore the statue of Rademas in the great hall at midnight. I have the countersign and can pass in. Macumazahn will be there to keep guard, and with him the Zulu. Oh, ccme, my queen, deny me not !' 'It is not seemly,' she murmured, ' and to-morrow ? ' Just then the music began to die in the last wail of the refrain, and Sorais slowly turned her round. 'I will be there,' said Nyleptha hurriedly ; ' on thy life see that thou fail me not.' Chapter XVI.— Befobe the Statue. It was night — dead iright — and the silence lay on the Frowning City like a cloud. Secretly, as evildoers, Sir Henry Curtis, Umslopogaas, and myself threaded our way through the passages towards a by- ? entrance to the great Throne Chamber. Once we were met by the fierce rattling challenge of the sentry. I gave the countersign, and the man grounded his spear and let us pass. Also, we were officers of the Queens' body guard, and in that capacity had a right to come and go unquestioned. We gained the hall in safety. So empty and so still was it that even when we had passed the sound of our footsteps yet echoed up the lofty walls,- vibrating faintly, and still more faintly against the carven roof, like ghosts of the footsteps of dead men haunting the place that once they trod. It was aneeriespot, and it oppressed me. The moon was full and threw great pencils and. patches of light through the high windowless openings in. the walls, that lay pure and beautiful upon the blackness of the marble floor like white flowers on a coffin. One of these silver arrows. fell upon the statue of the sleeping Rademas, and of the angel form bent over him, illu mining it, and a small circle round it with a soft clear light, reminding me of that with which Catholics illumine the alters of their cathedrals. Here by the statue we took our stand and waited. Sir Henry and I close together, Umslopogaas. some paces off in the darkness, so that I could only just make out his towering outline leaning on the outline of an axe. So long did we wait that I almost fell asleep resting against the cold marble, but was suddenly aroused by hearing Curtis give a quick catching breath. Then from far, far away there came a little sound as though the statues that lined the walls were whispering to each other some message of the ages. It was the faint sweep of a lady's dress. Nearer it grew, and nearer yet. We could see a figure steal from patch to patch of moonlight, and even hear the soft fall of sandalled feet. Another second and I saw the black silhouette of the old Zulu iaise its arm in mute salute, and Nyleptha was before us. Oh, how beautiful she looked as she paused a moment just within the circle of the moonlight 1 Her hand was pressed upon her heart, and her white bosom heaved beneath it. Round her head a broidered scarf was loosely thrown, partially shadowing the perfect face, and thus rendering it even more lovely ; for beauty, dependent as it is to a certain extent upon the imagination, is never so beautiful as when it is half hid. There she stood radiant bub half doubting, stately and yet so sweet. It was but a moment, but I then and there fell in love with her myself, and have remained so to this hour; for, indeed, she looked mjre like an angel out of heaven than a loving, passionate, mortal woman. Low we bowed before her, and then she epoke. 'I hpve come,' she whispered, 'but it was at great risk. Ye know not how I am watched. The priests watch me. Sorais watches me with those great eyes of hers. My very guards are spies upon me. Nasta watches -me too. Oh, let him be careful '' and she stamped her foot. ' Let him be careful ; I am a woman, and therefore hard to drive. Ay, and I am a Queen, tco, and can still avenge. Let him be careful, 1 say, lest in place of giving him my hand I take his head,' and she ended the outburst with a little sob, and then smiled up at us beiritchingly and laughed. 'Thoudidsb bid me come hither, my Lord Incubu' (Curtis had taught her to call him so). ' ' Doubtless it is about busi ness of the State, for I know that thou art ever full of great ideas and plans for my welfare and my people's. So even as a Queen should I have come, though I greatly fear the dark alone,' and again she laughed and gave him a glance from her grey eyes. At this point I thought it wise to move a little, since secrets 'of the State' should not be made public property ; but she would not let me go far, peremptorily stopping me within five yards or so, saying that she feared surprise. So it came to pass that however unwillingly I heard all that passed. 'Thou knowest, Nyleptha.' said Sir Henry, ' that it was for none of these things that I asked thee to meet me at this lonely place. Nyleptha, waste not the time in pleasantry, but listen to me, fir — I love thee.' As he said the words I saw her face break up, as it were, and change. The coquetry went out of it, and in its place there shone a great light of love which seemed to glorify it and make it like that of the marble angel overhead. I could not help thinking that it must have been a touch of prophetic instinct which made the long dead Rademas limn in the features of the angel of his inspiring vision so strange a likeness of his own descendant. Sir Henry, also, must have observed and been struck by the like nesp, for, catching the look upon Nylep tha's face, he glanced quickly from it to the -moonlit statue and then back again at his beloved. ' Thou sayest thou dost love me,' she said in a low voice, ' and thy voice rings true, but how am I to know that thou dost speak the truth 2 'Though,' she went on with proud humility, and in the stately third person which is so largely used by the Zu- Vendi, ' I be as nothing in the eyes of my lord,' and she curtseyed towards him ; ' who comes from among a wonderful people, to whom my people are but children, yet here am I a queen and a leader of men, and if I would go to battle a hundred thousand spears shall sparkle in my train like stars glimmering down the path of the bent moon. And although my beauty be a little thing in the eyes of my lord,' and she lifted her broidered skirt and curtseyed again, 'yet here among my own people am I held right fair, and ever since I was a woman the great lords of my kingdom have made quarrel concerning me, as though for sooth,' she added with a flash of passion, ' I were a deer to be pulled down by the hungriest wolf or a horse *to be sold to the highest bidder. Let my lord pardon me if I weary my lord, but it hath pleased my lord to say that he loves me, Nyleptha, a Queen of the Zu-Vendi, and therefore would I say, that though my love and my hand be not much to my lord, yet to me are they aU. . 'Oh!' she cried, with a sudden and thrilling change of voice, and modifying her dignified mode of address. 'Oh, how can I know that thou lovest; but me ? How can I know that thou wilt not weary of me and seek thine own place again, leaving me desolate? Who is there to tell me but that thou lovest some other woman, some fab: woman unknown to me, but who yet draws breath beneath this same moon that shines on me to-night ? Tell me Juno I am to know ?'' And she clasped her hands and stretched them out towards him, and looked appeaUngly Into his face. - . ' Nyleptha,'' answered Sir Henry, adopting the Zu-Vendi 'way of speech, ' I have told thee that I love thee ; how am I to tell thee how much I love thee ? Is there then a measure for love? Yet will I try. I say not that I have never looked upon another woman with favor, but this I say, that I love thee with all my life and with all my strength ; that I love thee now and shall love thee till I grow cold in death, ay, and as I believe beyond my death, and on and on for ever. I say that thy voice is music to my ear, and thy touch as water to a thirsty land, . that when thou art there the world, is beautiful, and when*, I see thee not it is as though the light was dead. Oh, Nyleptha, I will never leave thee, here and now for thy dear sake I will forget my people and my father's house, yea, I renounce them all. By thy side will I live,' Nyleptha, and at thy side will I die.' He paused and gazed at her earnestly, but she hung her head like a lily, and said never a word. 'Look,' he went on, pointing to the statue on which the moonlight played so brightly. ' Thou Beestthat angel woman vho rests her hand upon the forehead of the sleeping man, and thou seest how at her touch his soul flames up and shines out through his flesh, even as a lamp at the the touch of fire, so is it with me and thee, Nyleptha. Thou hast awakened my soul and called it forth, and now, Ny leptha, it it not. mine, not mine, but thine and thine only. There is no more for me to say ; in thy hands is my life.' And he leaned back against the pedestal of the statue, looking very pale, and his eyes shining, but proud and handsome as a god. Slowly, slowly she raised her head, and fixed her wonderful eyes, all alight with the greatness of her passion, full upon his face, as though to read his very soul. Then at last she spoke, low indeed, but clearly as a silver bell. ' Of a truth, weak woman that I am, I do believe thee. Ill will be the day for thee and for me also if it be my fate to learn that I have believed a lie. And now hearken unto me, oh man, who hath wandered here from far to steal my heart and make me all thine own. 1 put my hand upon thy hand thus, and thus I, whose lips have never kissed before, do kiss thee on the brow ; and now by my hand and by that first and holy kiss, ay, by my people's weal and by my throne that like enough I shall lose for thee, by the name of my high house, by the sacred stone and by tile eternal majesty of the Sun, I swear that for thee will I live and die. . Ard I swear that I will love thee and thee only till death, ay, and beyond, if as thou eayest there be a beyond, and that thy will shall be my will, and thy ways my ways. ' Oh see, see, my lord ! though knowest not how humble is she who loves ; I, who am a Queen, I kneel before thee, even at thy feet I do my homage j' and the lovely impassioned creature flung heraelf down on her knees on the cold marble before him. And after that I really do not know what happened, for I could stand it no longer, and cleared off to refresh myself with a little of old Umslopogaas' society, leaving them to settle it their own way, and a very long time they were about it. I found the old warrior leaning on In kofii-kaas as usual, and surveying the seen i» the patch of moonlight with a grim smil of amusement. ' Ah, Macumazahn,' he said, ' I sup pose it is because I am getting old, but I don't think that I 'shall ever learn to understand the ways of you white people. Look there now, I pray thee, they are a pretty pair of doves, but what is all the fuss about, Macumazahn? He wants a wife and she wants a husband, then why does he not pay his cows down [alluding to the Zulu custom] like a man and have done with it ? It would save a deal of trouble, and we should . have had our night's sleep. But there they go, talk, talk, talk, and kiss, kiss, kiss, like mad things. Eugh !' Some three-quarters of an hour after wards the 'pair of doves' came strolling towards us, Curtis looking slightly silly, and Nyleptha remarking calmly that the moonlight made very pretty effects on the marble. Then, for she was in a moat gracious mood, she took my hand and said, that I wan 'her; lord's' dear, friend, and therefore most dear to her— not a word for my own sake, you see. Nexfc she lifted UmBlopog*aa' axe, and ex amined it curiously, saying significantly as she did so that he might soon have cause to use it hi defence of her. After that she nodded prettily to us all, and casting one tender glance at her lover, glided off into the darkness like a beautiful vision. When we got back to our quarters, which we did without accident, Curtis asked me jocularly what I was thinking about. 'I am wondering,' I answered, 'on what principle it is arranged that some people should find beautiful queens to fall in love with them while othera find nobody at all, or worse than nobody ; and I am also wondering how many brave men's lives this night's work will cost.' It was rather nasty of me, perhaps, but somehow all the feelings do not evaporate with age, and 1 could not help being a little jealous of my old friend's luck. Vanity, my sons ; vanity of vanities ! On the following morning Good was informed of the happy occurrence, and positively rippled with smiles that, origi nating somewhere about the mouth, slowly travelled up his face like the rings in a duckpond till they flowed over the brim of his eyeglass and went where sweet smiles go. The fact of the matter, how ever, was that not only was Good re joiced about the thing on its own merits, but also for personal reasons. He adored Sorais quite as earnestly as Sir Henry adored Nyleptha, and his adoration had not altogether prospered. Indeed, it had seemed to him and to me also thatrae dark Cleopatra-like queen favored Curtis in her own curious inscrutable way much more than Good. Therefore it was a relief to him to learn that his unconscious rival was permanently and satisfactorily at tached in another direction. His face fell a little, however, when he was told that the whole thing was to be kept as secret as the dead, abovg all from Sorais for the present, inasmuch, as the political convulsion which would follow such an announcement at the moment would be altogether too -great to face and would very possibly, if prematurely made, shake Nyleptha from her throne. That morning we again attended in the Throne Hall, and I could not help smiling to myself when I compared the visit to our last, and reflecting that if walls could speak they would have strange tales to tell. What actresses women are ? There, high upon her golden throne, draped in her blazoned 'kaf' or robe of state, sat the fair Nyleptha, and when Sir Henry came in a little late, dressed in the full uniform of an officer of her guard and humbly bent himself before her, she merely acknowledged his salute with a careless nod and turned her head coldly aside. It was a very large court, for not only did the ceremony of the signing of the laws attract many outside of tnoae whose duty it was to attend, but also the rumor that Nasta was going to publicly ask the hand of Nylepha in marriage had gone abroad, was the result that the great hall was crowded to its utmost capacity. There were our friends the priests in force, headed by Agon, who regarded us with a vindictive eye ; and a most imposing band they were, with their long white embroidered robes girt with a golden chain from which hung the fish-like scales. There, too, were a number of the lords, each with a band of brilliantly-attired attendants, and prominent among them was Nasta stroking his black beard medi tatively and looking unusually unpleasant. It was a splendid and impressive sight, especially when the officer having read out each law it was handed to the Queens to sign, whereon the trumpets blared out and the Queens' guard., grounded their spears with a clash in salute. The read ing and singing of the laws took a long time, but at last it came to an end, the last one reciting that 'whereas cerbain distinguised strangers, &c; ,' and proceed ing to confer on the thtiea of us the rank of 'lords,' together with certain military commands and large estates bestowed by the Queens. When it was read the trumpets blared, and the spears clashed down as usual, but 1 saw some of the lords turn and whisper to each other while Nasta ground his teeth. They did not like the favor that was shown to us, which under all the circumstances was not per haps unnatural. . . Then there came a pause, and Nasta stepped forward and bowing humbly, though with no humility in his eye, craved a boon at the hands of the Queen Nyleptha. Nyleptha turned a little pale but bowed graciously, and prayed the ' well-beloved lord' to speak on, whereon in a few straightforward soldier-like words be asked her hand in marriage. Then, before she could find words to answer, the High Priest Agon took up the tale, and in a speech of real eloquence and power pointed put the many ad vantages of the proposed alliance, how it would consolidate the kingdom ; for Nasta's dominions, of which he was virtually king, were to Zu-Vendis much what Scotland used to be to England ; how it would gratify the wild moun taineers and be pdpular among the sol diery, for Nasta was a famous general ; how it would set her dynasty firmly on the throne, and would gain the blessing and approval cf the ' Sun,' i e , of the office of the High Priest, and so on. Many of his arguments were undoubtedly valid, and there was, looking at it from a political point of view, everything to be said for the marriage. But unfortunately . it is difficult to play the game of politics with the persons of yqung and lovely queens as though they were ivorjfceffigies of themselves on a chessboard. Nyleptha's face, while Agon spouted away, was a perfect study ; she smiled indeed, but beneath the smile it set like a stone, and her eyes began to flash ominously. At last he stopped, and she prepared herself to answer. Before she did so, however, Sorais leant towards her and said in a voice sufficiently loud for me to catch what she said. ' Bethink thee well, my sister, ere thou dost speak, for methinks that our thrones may hang upon thy words.' Nyleptha made no answer, and with a shrug and a smile Sorais lent back again and listened. *: Of a truth a great honor has been done to me,' she said, ' that my poor hand should not only have been asked in marriage, but that Agon here should ba so swift to pronounce the blessing of the Sun upon my union. Methinks that in another minute he would have wed us fast ere the bride had said her say. Nasta, I thank thee, and I will bethink me of thy words, but now as yet I have no mind for marriage, which is a cup of which none know the taste until they begin to drink it. Again I thank thee, Nasta,' and she made as though she would rise. The great lord's face turned almost as black as his beard with fury, for he knew that the words amounted to a refusal of his suit. 'Thanks be to the Queen for her gracious words,' he saldj restraining him self with difficulty and looking anything but grateful, 'my heart shall surely treasure them. And now I crave another boon, namely, the royal leave to withdraw myself to my own poor cities in the north till such time as the Queen shall say my suit nay; or yea.- Mayhap/' he added, with a sneer, ' the Queen will be pleased to visit me there, and to, bring with her these stranger lords,' and he sco Fried daikly towards us. 'It is but a poor count ly and a rough, but'we are a hardy race of mountaineers, and there shall be gathered thirty thousand swordsmen to shout a welcome to her.' This speech, which was almost a declara tion of rebellion, was received in complete silence, but Nyleptha flashed up and an swered it with spirit. ,.-..-, ' Oh, surely, Nasta, Iiwifl come, and the strange lords in my train, and; foe every maa t?.f thy mountaineers who calls thee prince will I bring two from the low lands who call tOB Queen, and we will see which Is the staunphest breed. Till then farewell.' The trumpets blared out, the Queeru rose, and the great assembly broke up in murmuring confusion, and for myself I went home with a heavy heart, foreseeing civil war. After this there was quietforafew weeks. Curtis and the Queen did not often meet, and exercised the utmost caution not to allow the true relation in which they stood to each other to leak out ; but do what they would, rumors as hard to trace as a buzzicg-fly in a dark room, and yet quite as audible, began to hum round and round, and at last to settle on her throne* (To be continued.) 