Sf©rtlag; TTTB51 ITEMS. The Victobian Club. — Yesterday evening the members of the Victorian Club attended in 'great force at the meeting held for the purpo'se of consider ing the advisability of imposing an entry fee upon all bookmakers who may in future be elected. After '- a long discussion it was carried that a f ea of -£50 be charged. Nominations.— Owners will do well to remember : that the general entry for the Canterbury Pack August meeting closes on iEonday nert. Postponed.— The regular annual pneetang of the members of the Metropolitan Tattersall's Club has been postponed ?rom Monday to Friday next. Hay Races. — The annual race meeting in con nection with the Hay Jockey Club was brought to a . conclusion yesterday. The Winter Handicap, which formed the leading1 feature of the day's sport, was productive of a splendid finish, and resulted in the defeat of tbe hitherto successful Drumstick by a nock by Abuse. AGeeat Jump. — It is reported from Melbourne that the steeplechase mare Lizette cleared 35 f set in a jtucp at Cauifield last Tuesday morning. The Hon. J. White.— Though ocpupyinsr a lead- : ing- position in racing affaire, the Hon. J. 'White has - not been a member of Tattersall's Club. L$et week, however, he waa proposed and received, and his name now appears on the books of that institution. Me. T. Eat.— The N. Z. Eefebee states that Bay has been creating a bit of a nutter among the stables at Eiccarton, owing to his evincine a desire to pur- ?' chase more than one good horse, presumably with a . view to an Australian campaign. He asked O'Brien to put a price on Sextant, but the proprietor of the Baceeourse Hotel declined to aelL He. however, ? gave Esy the offer of Eose and Black, Gipsy Kong, and Hermitage for 1200gs, or Gipsy King alone for ' 700gs. No deal, however, was struck. Eay also made overtures to Iffir. Bobmson for Enfilade, but : again failed in his mission. Me. E. Eopee. — The well-known treasurer of Christchurch Tattersall's Club h&s; been presented with a handsome trophy as a. alight recognition of his many years services to the oluo. Amateur Eacinq. — Tbe ninth annual race meeting in connection -with the Upper Hunter Amateur Eace Club will take place on next Tuesday and ThurBday should the course at Eosebrook be in a fit state. Sale op Hoeses. — A sale of racehorses was held yesterday at Newmarket by Kessre. Yuille and Co. A fair number of buyers were present and fair prices realised. Empress was purchased £or.90^s, The Ghost 55grsj Grace Darling 250gs, . Kitty fisher .130gs, Lithoicg-ifit 55gB, Marlboroneh 240gs, The Knave 140ga, and Bothwell, 250gs. . Tashanian Eacing Cltjb. — At the annual meeting of the Tasmanian Eacing Club, Air. Hayle epoke in favor of the club instituting a Sires* Pro- ' dcee Stakes. Mr. C. Agnew promised, i€ such, a race was established, he would subscribe £25 and nominate The Assyrian. Messrs. J. Hayle, C. E. Featherstone, P. W. Mitchell, C. S. Agnew, and S. Page were elected members of the committee. Caui,fie:ld — It is Tepprted that a great improve nient is being made in the western turn of the course at Caulfield by sloping- it from the outside towards' theraDB. Mr. I. FouLSHASr. — It is i&bughi; that the Vic-' torian trainer, I. Foulebam, will take up his quarters at Band wick in about three weeks' time. The Vic torian horses' at present under bis care will be placed, with ether trainers. Marmion 7111 be handed over to Tom Malone, while Bonnie Dopn, Lady.Loveli, and Kohai will have the benefit of A. Mitchellson's experience. . ' . Mb. S. ;Maetin.— The weU-linbwn'turfite, Mr. S. iffartin, has been confined to his room for several' days through knocking Ms Bhin Bgainbfc a hurdle. The wound is a feaci orse, bnt slowly mending. 