THE CONTRIBUTOR. SURVIVALS OF SUPERSTITION. [By a COLONIST of 1839.] liven in tnis so-calied material and scientific age there are gome sui vivals of -what is commonly recognised as super* etition even by the firmest believers in the supernatural as to the foundations of our faith. Some of these are graceful and harmless, playing round subjects and objects that once inspired real fear and -demanded propitiatory sacrifice and offer ings. Such are the innumerable fairy tales and legends, which with more or less of modern ideas and sentiments woven into them to delight our children, and which to all grown people who are child- lovers are not without charm. These tales change a great deal in complexion according to the temperament and the enlightenment of the people among whom they are current. Among lofty hills and mists like those of the Scottish Highlands they are shadowy and sad; in the wide steppes of Russia, and the treeless {plains of Central Europe they are profoundly melancholy ; tricksey and capricious in bonnie England, green Ireland, and fair France, but the tales are in their structure similar. The bulk of our old nursery fairy tales are found in the folk-lore of all the Aryan races, from their home in India to the ultima thule. " Cinderella," "Beauty and the Beast," "Jack the Giant- killer," and their conveners appear with variations everywhere. _ 1 have several times pointed out in these columns that these tales in their original form were not meant for children at all, but had for their subjects marriageable youths and maidens, and were told over winter fires and in summer twilight to assemblies of grown men and women, and only accidentally communicated to ohildren, though now, when men and women have put away such childish things, tbe youngsters have inherited that portion of their cast-off mental clothing. When the fairy tales assumed literary shape, it was again to the courtly lords and ladies of the French and Spanish and Italian Courts that they were addressed, and many touches were put in which smacked of the etiquette and splendour, and also of the cynicism of Kings' palaces. The modern idea of a fairy is of a bene ficent being with great though limited powers, ready to help tbe innocent and the oppressed, the cruelly-used step daughter, the despised youngest son, and generally to fill the hungry with good things at the expense of the rich, not only sent empty away, but generally despoiled of that which he had. The -original idea of fairies in the ages of faith, when they were really believed in, was of powerful beings capricious in their favours, easily offended, and when offended re vengeful and implacable. The common phrase " good people" waa not applied to them, because there was not any con fidence felt in their goodness or benefi cence, but in order to propitiate their favour. One sees in many languages in animate things and living beings sup posed to be unlucky and malificent, called by similar flattering names in order to avert the evil consequences that might ensue if they were more frankly dealt with. So long as fairies were thoroughly believed in they were feared. In all their shapes of fairy, pixie, nixie, gnome, banshee, &c.;, they brought more mischief than good. If in the pretty tales of our childhood there is a good fairy she has enough to do to counteract the maledictions of the evil disposed. Moreover, almost all the good gifts were handicapped by con ditions which neutralized or often reversed their benefits. Witness the illusory nature of the gratification of the Three Wishes resulting in a supper of black pudding, and the exchange betweea the old Queen and the peasant girl. _ la almost all instances, human curiosity, which after all is our most powerful engine of progress, was one of the things most fatal to fairy Rifts. Man had to accept the fitful boon unreasoning, unquestioning, unenquiring, for the least doubt or investigation was fatal to its continuance. The fairy ring though un seen could not be crossed inadvertently by a human being without terrible penal ties. The fairy was never believed to have immortality, but had life immea sureably longer than the human being on whom the doubtful boon of eternal^ weal or woe was bestowed. The stories of fairies giving up their long life for an immortal soul are to the best of my belief all modern. The ages of faith did not originate such bargains, though we see many bargains made the other way. The human being was often said to give up his immortality for a life in fairyland, where it waa offered, iiere and there we see transformed and pethaps vulgarised into fairy tales the ex ploits of heroes and world deliverers from monsters, giants, and oppressors, and there is a general disposition in the fairy world to succour distress which they have not themselves called forth, but most of the stories are unmoral, and many of them are immoral. The idle and disobe- dient and lying " Jack of the Beanstalk" is rewarded with wealth and honour. Tne prizes of life are generally given to the adventurous and unscrupulous. All through these legends we see prominent the idea of unearned money, the spoils of giants, the hoards of misers, the prin cesses or wealthy brides won by audacity and subtlety. The modern fairy tale has generally a better moral than the old original myth. The fairy folk could generally not only tell what was passing at the ends of the habitable world, but had considerable insight into the future. These warnings, like Cassandra's, were generally disregarded, and the neglect of precautions, as in the case of the Sleeping Beauty's fatal spindle, caused the fulfil ment. A still uglier phase of superstition, and one which entered far more into the daily life of the people, which in the ages of unquestioning faith was widely and mischievously prevalent, was the be lief in witchcraft. No belief caused such unjust, inquisitorial, and cruel persecution, or was carried out with such pitilessness on the part of the general public. Witches had none of the graceful attributes of the fairy, few indeed were the traditions of the white witch, or of anything but spiteful. crafty, and demoniac creatures, who had had im mortal souls, but who had sold them to Satan for what seemed a miserable con sideration. They were generally ugly and poor, old, despised, and hated, but they were supposed to he enabled to work mischief on all whom they disliked and to take deadly revenge for all slights and injuries. The only other pleasure they purchased was the mysterious delight of the witches' Sabbath. Witches were sup posed to know the distant present, as in the case of the first and second witches in " Macbeth," and even as in that of the third, tu foretells the future. This was owing to the superior information they obtained from their master Satan. The universal belief in witchcraft, which was supposed tu be founded on passages of Holy Writ, and which was supported by the Statute-book, died out with the growth of knowledge and with the evolu tion of worthier ideas of the Divine govern ment. The Bible is now read differently. The laws against witches fell into disue tude before they were formally expunged. Ghosts or disembodied spirits of those who had formerly lived on earth—as the French call them revenants or returners— in former ages were believed in upon testi mony which was supposed to be quite sufficient. The wide-spread belief in such appearances have been so strongly as sociated with the faith in revealed re ligion, that many people are disposed to regret the decay of even superstitious faith in things unseen or dimly perceived and spiritually discerned. Ghosts still took an interest in the families to which they be longed, and would appear to give informa tion of crimes concealed, and of matters hidden till then which concerned such families ; they would warn of death and misfortunes, could tell of deaths or catastrophes at a distance at the very time such things happened, and even had a limited insight into the future, whence de rived being doubtful. The second sight so strongly believed in the Highlands was a gift to a living man, and it had to do with the distant present time, and even with the near future. The warnings of the seer, how ever, appear to have been always slighted, as in the tradition of Locheil, who was warned of the disasters of Culloden, when on his way to join the Young Pretender's standard.. Revelation by dreams have also been supposed to have the nature of prophecy, but among the millions of dreams which are dreamed daily, even the small number recorded as verified want better and more irrefragable evidence. When superstions cease to be believed in they become all the more available for literature. Amid the somewhat flat fiction fields of the present day the number of books dealing with the supernatural is very great. George Macdonald, Wilkie Collins, Lytton Bulwer, Marion Crawford, are only a few among the many, and the ghost, the dream, the seer, do duty in many novels and romances. The supernatural is intro duced with a difference from the old treat ment seen in the Witches of Macbeth, and the Ghost in Hamlet. They are more akin to the modern phase of the supernatural, which has a scientific and natural basis. Modern science has indeed discovered many marvels in the material world, and essays to carry its investigations into the spiritual, or, as some prefer to call it, the psychical world. And there are certainly many unexplained phenomena handed down by tradition from the past as well as actually manifested to us now that are worthy objects of scientific investigation. Such are the extent and the limits of mesmeric influence and of what is com monly called clairvoyance, which would in earlier ages have been unhesitatingly set down to Satanic agency—the faith healing, the mind-reading, the double consciousness of hypnotic patients, the mysteries of dreams and of insanity, the conditions of trance and vision, the curious occultism of the cradle of our race, Icdia, are now the subjects of scien tific psychical research. Mr. F. W. Meyers, Mr. Edmund Mudy, Mr. Gurney, and Mr. Alfred Wallace may be considered as the representative leaders in this enquiry. The book published under the auspices of this Society, entitled "Phantasms of the Living;" contains 702 examples of second sight, dream or vision announcing events taking place at a distance at the same time, which are brought forward as suffi ciently attested for belief. Mr. Taylor Innes, however, in the Nineteenth Century for August last, asks, " Where are the letters ?" with their postmarks to verify the fact that the letters crossed each other, one telling the dream or vision, the other telling of the event. This would have proved that the death of a son in India was revealed in England before news could have arrived, but in no single instance have these letters been obtained. The evidence that the dream revealed the contemporaneous fact is therefore not sufficient for a Judge or Jury, and therefore insufficient for the unprejudiced scientific mind. Contem poraneous knowledge, however, comes under a very different category from prophecy. The Society for Psychical Research do not seek to show that things in the womb of Time have been commu nicated by supernatural means-they only aim at proving that spirit can communi cate with spirit independent of the body, and that under certain perhaps rare con ditions space forms no obstacle to the contact. Some occult law underlies the undoubted communications during mes merio tiance of whatever is in the mind of the operator and even in the minds of the bystanders, and this law might possibly be extended more widely. It is mainly as a protest against the growing materialism of the age that this Society enquires and publishes the results of enquiry which Mr. Taylor Innes considers as in conclusive. Proof that the soul can act out of the body is earnestly desired. This, it may be said, is sufficiently proved by dreams; but in dreams the soul acts so fooJiehly and ineffectually, the memory is so treacherous and erroneous, the slow and painful acquisition of years being absolutely forgotten, and the moral sense rarely if ever restraining from actions which shock us when we wake, that one would say from this side of evidence that the soul needs the body to keep it sane and sober, just and decent. la cases of mesmeric trance and clairvoyance we see that the soul takes strange flights; but it appears to work entirely under direction or impulse from some soul enshrined in another body. The clairvoyant seems to be able to see what is in the mind of the operator or of any one present to whom the operator directs him; but as in the case of the number of the bank-note enclosed in an envelope, what is unknown to all present is a sealed book also to the clair voyant. Nor does the clairvoyant attempt to prophecy, and when he does he fails. An inttauce which came under my im mediate knowledge is so much in point that though it is not a new story I venture to give it. An eminent practitioner In Melbourne, who has been dead for many years, was a firm believer in mesmerism and clair voyance, and in all cases in which the diagnosis puzzled him he sought the patient's consent to consult his clair voyants, a neuralgic or neurotic patient who was very much benefited by mes merism. The ordinary patients had a strong idea that the doctor himself had a shrewd suspicion of what really ailed them, which was communicated to the medium, but, however that might be, whatever the medium said the doctor believed, and his treatment thereafter was vigorous and almost always successful. At the time when he was most actively engaged in this way, the long search for Sir John Franklin was being carried on, and as he possessed a letter of the ex plorer's he put it in the hand of first one, then another, and after that of a third clairvoyante, who all identified and des cribed the writer and his hardships, but who all agreed that the lost Arctic hero would arrive in England but would survive his return to his home and friends only a few days. "What the doctor knew himself of the appearance and history of Sir John Franklin was correctly reflected by the three clairvoyantes; when he was ignorant they were equally so, and their prediction as to his safe return—which, as it was not contemporaneous, the much believing doctor held to be a prophecy was uttered when he lay amid the snow and ice of the desolate Arctic regions. Nevertheless, how the clairvoyantes, without word spoken or sign given, could go so far, could describe the sex, age, appearance, and ailments of each patient, and in the case given, of the Arctic ex plorer, is indeed a worthy and interesting subject for psychical research. Although the only remainder of the laws against witches that is left on the StBtute-book is against fortune-tellers and impostors who profess to find stolen goods and extort money on similar false pretences, we hear of very few prosecu tions of the sort, for the people who con sult fortune-tellers are generally too much ashamed of their folly when they find themselves duped to make it public, but there is no doubt that there still exist a considerable number of such im- J postors in the world. One would think that the Australian Colonies were as free from vulgar super stitions as any communities in the world, and that Melbourne with its universal education, itskeen intellectual life, its able Press, and its worthily filled pulpits, would have been no field for fortune tellers. Who then are the customers to whom the constant advertisements of futurists in the Melbourne Evening Herald are addressed ? Are they the townfolk, or - the country cousins, or the intercolonial visitors? We do not see these notices in the morn ing or the weekly papers, but this, the afternoon paper, has always nine or ten and last week had no less than fourteen separate advertisements of women who call themselves futurists. The names are probably mostly spurious, but the addresses ars genuine. When they condescend on terms they are always higher for the nobler sex—5s. gentlemen, 2s. 6d. ladies ; 2s. gentlemen, Is. ladies. There are one or two male professors who will tell you what you are fit for by phrenology, or cahgraphy, or phy siognomy, but these do not deal in prophecy. We have counted sixteen in all of habitual female advertisers, and there are no doubt many mere who carry on bnsiness at less expense. Most of the ladies profess to tell the past, the present, and the future, and all of them to reveal what people are mo&t; eager to know - the future. Moat of their customers will be women, and the chief subject of pro phecy-the prospects of love and matri mony. We should not be surprised if men would risk 2s. or 5a. to get a tip for the Cup, or other events, on the eve of the races, for gamblers are always more or less superstitious. That the future, which has been so mercifully shrowded from our eyes, and emphatically declared on the highest authority to be in the sole possession of the Creator of the universe, should be rpen to ignorant, vulgar women to be sold in shillingworths to their believing or un believing customers, is too monstrous to be seriously believed. Probably not the tenth part of those who consult these wise women have any real faith, many go to them out of idle curiosity, many out of bravado, many because they say it can do no harm. But it does harm to encourage impostors even with a single shilling, and it may do harm to ourselves, as the following over-true tale may illustrate. A young friend of mine some twenty years ago met when on a visit a young man who paid his addresses to her, and was accepted by her. The engagement nas not approved by her parents or by his, and as he was of a jealous and bad temper a quarrel arose, and for these good and sufficient reasons the engagements was broken off. The young man pursued his calling at a distance; the girl was sent abroad for a long visit. Two years passed before they met again. About eighteen months after the rupture the separated lovers each con sulted a gipsy, not the same gipsy. They ought to have known better in their position and with their education. In each instance the prediction was common place enough-that there had been a quarrel with the true love, but it was all a misunderstanding, they would meet again, and be happily married. Both laughed at the prediction at the time, but still it had some effect, and when they met after the lapse of two years, and came to an understanding and carried out the marriage, it turned out the most miserable of marriages. The bad temper, which had showed itself even during courtship, grew worse and cul minated in madness, and before the hus band was put in confinement as a dangerous lunatic he had by threats and violence extorted from his wife and her parents all that was in their power, and left his wife with a family of young children to bring up by her own unaided exertions. 