allan qua tel ma in. being an account of his further adventcees and discoveries in c01itant with sir henet ccp.ns, 1iaf.t., captain john good, r.n., and one umslopooaas. (By H. Rider Haggard, Author of " Kino Solomon's Mines," "Dawn," &c.; jl'jc . 4 Jrica semper a liquii ttocL Chaftsr X — The Bosk of Fire. — (Coo- tiuGOU.) As soon as wc had seultxl ourselves n little on round slonos, we proceeded to waslt ourselves and dress our burns as welt as wo could. A we bad but a little oil for tbe luutcrn, ws could not spare uuy for ibis purpose, so we skiuned oue of the swaus and used thu fat off its breast, which proved an excellent substi tute. Then we repacked the ' canoe, uud finally proceeded to take sorat food, of which I need scarcely s iv we were it need, for ouriiiseusibilit v had endured for mans hours, and it was, us our watches showed, mid day. Accordingly we seated ourselves in s circle, and were soon engaged in discussing oui cold meat with such appetite as we coulc muster, which, in my case at any rate, wai not much, as I felt rick nud faint after my sufferings of tho previous night, and bad besides a racking headache. It was i curious meal. The gloom was so lutcusi that we could scarcely see tbe way to cut out food uud convey it to our mouths. Still wo got ou pretty well, although tbo meat was tainted by the beat through which it had passed, till I happened to look behiud me — my attention beiug attracted by a noise of something crawling over the stoues, aud perceived silting upon a rock iu my imme diate rear a huge species of black freshwater crab, only it was five times the size of auv cral I ever saw. This hideous uud loathsome looking animal had projecting cvos that seemed to giuri at one, very long uud flexible antenna: orfeelen aud gigantic claws. Nor was I especially favored wiih its company. From every qiiartei dozens ot these horrid brutes were creeping up, drawn I suppose by the smell oi the food, froir between tho rouud stories aud out or holes iu tiu precipice. Some were already quite close to us. I stared quite fas i;iutc-.l by tlie unusnai sight, and as I did so I saiv one of the heasti stretch out its bugo claw and give the unsus pecting Good such a nip behiud that he jumped up with a howl, aud set tho " wild echoes flviug" in sober earnest. Just theu, too, another, a very Jnrge one, got hold of Aiphonso's leg, nud declined to part with it, uud, as may be imagiucd, a considerable scene ensued. Urn- siopogaas took his axe aud cracked the shell ol one with tiie fiat, of it, wluicon it set up a a horrid sort _ of soreaniiag which tho echoes multiplied a thousandfold,- and began to foam at the mouth, a pro ceeding thatr drew hundreds more ol its fricuds out of uususpected lmlc-s acucoruera Those ou the spot perceiving that the niiiina was hurt fell upon it like creditors on a batik rupt, and literally rent it iimb from limb witl their huge pincers and devoured it, usiug theii claws to couvey the fragments to their mouths. Seizing whatever weapons were liandy, such ai stoues or paddles, wo commenced a war upon the uioustcrs — whose numbers were iuereasiug by leaps aud hounds, aud whose stench was overpowering. So last us we cracked thei. armor others seized the iujured ones ami devoured them, foaming at tho mouth, ano screaming as they did so. Nor die tho brutes stop at that. When they could they nipped hold of us — and awful nips they were — or tried to steal the meat. Ono enormous fellow got hold of the swan wc bad skiuned and began to drag it off. Instantly a score of otiiers fluug themselves upon tlio prey, aud then began u gliastlv and disgusting sceue. How the monsters foamed aud screamed, and rent the ilesh. aud e.ich other 1 ft was a sickeuiug nud unnatural sight, nud one that will luiuulnll who saw it till their dying day — enacted as it was in the deep oppressive gloom, and set to the uuceasing music of tho riiunv- toned nerve-shaking echoes. Strange as it may seem to say so, there was something so shockingly human about these fiendish creatures— it was as though all tiro mot evil passions and desires of nmu had got iuto the shell of a magnificent crab and gone mad. They were so dreadfully courageous and intelli gent, aud they looked as i; they understood. The whole iceue might have furnished material for nuother eauto of Dante's Inferno, us Curtis said. " I say, you fellows, let's get out of ibis oi we shall all go off our heads," suugout Good; nnd we were not slow to take the hint. Pushing the canoe, around which (he animals were now crawling by hundreds nnd ntak- ing vaiu attempts to climb, off the rocks we bundled into it anu got out into mid-'strcaiu leaving behind us lhe fragments of our meal and the screaming, foaming, stinking mass or monsters in full possession ut tlie grounds. " Those are tiie devils of the place," said Umslopogaus witli tiie air of one. who has solved a problem, and upon my word I felt almost inclined to agree with liiin. Umslopogaas's remarks were like his axe- very much to tho point. " What's to he done next ? " said Sir Hen blankly. "Drift, 1 suppose," I answered, and 'we drifted accordingly. All the afternoon and well into tlio' evening \ve- floated on in the gloom beneath the far-off line of blue sky, scarcely knowing when day ended aud night began, for dowu in that vast gulf the difference was not marked, till at length Good pointed onr a star imaging right above us, which, having nothing better to do. we observed Willi great inieri-st. Suddeiflv it vanished, the darkness became iutenso, and a familiar murmuring sound filled the air. " Underground again," I said with a groan, holding up the lump. Yc-s, tiiere was no doubt nbout it. I could just make out tlie roof. The chasm had come to an end aud lhe tunnel liad recommenced. Amid liieu began anoihei long, long night of danger aud horror. To describe all its incidents wonid he too weari some, so I will simply say that ahont mid- night wc struck on a fiat projecting rock in mid stream, and were us nearly as possihleoverturnod nud drowned. Itor. ev er, at last we pot off, and proceeded upon the uacveu tenor of our wav. Aud so the hours passed till it was nearly three 0 clock. Sir floury, Good and Alphoustf were asleep, utterly worn oat ; Umslopo- gai.s was at tho hew witli the pole, and 1 was steeriug when I perceived that the rate at wlflcli we were travelling hnd perceptibly in creased, then, suddenly, I heard Umslopo- gnap make an exclamation, and next "second came a sound as of parting branches, nnd I became aware that the cauoe was being forced through hanging hushes or creepers. Anorhei minute and a bieutli of sweet open air tanueii my face, and I felt that we had emerged from the tiimicl and were floating upon clear water. I say felt, for I could see uothiug, the darkness being absolutely pitchy, us it often is just before the dawn. But oven tiiis could scarcely damp my joy. Wo were out of that dreadful river, and wherever we might li-.rc got to thin at least was something to he thankful for. And so I s.it dowu and inhaled tbe sweet night air and waited for the dawn with sucu patieuiai as I could command. Cilaptki; XI.— 'The Frowning Cjtt. For an hour or more I sat waiting (Dmslopo- gaas having meanwhile gone to sleep also) till at length tho east turned grey, and huge misty shapes moved over tiie surface of tho water liko ghosts of long forgotten dawns. They were the vapors rising from their watery bed to greet the sun. Then the fftey turned to primrose, and the primrose grew to red. Next, glorious bars of light sprang up across the eastern sky. and through them the AU rigliss'rescrredf 6C'a' wUhtte anther radiant messengers of the dawn came speeding nPon their arrowy wsy, scattering their ghostly vapors and" awaking the mountains with a kiss, us they flew from range to range and longitude to longitude. Another mo ment, and the golden gates were open and the sun himself came forth as a bridegroom from his chamber, with pomp and glory and a flashing us of ten million spears, and embraced the night and covered her with brightness, nnd it was day, But as yet I could see nothing save the beau tiful bine sky above, for over the water was a thick layer of mist exactly as though tho whole surface had been covered with billows of cotion woo). By degrees, howovcr, the sun sucked np the mists, and then I saw that we were afloat npon a glorious sheet of bine water of which I conld not niako out tbu shore. Some eight or ten uiilos behind us, however, there stretched as far as the eye could reach a rango of pre cipitous hills that formed a retaining wall of the lake, and I have no doubt bnt that it was through some entrance in these hills that tho subterranean river found its way into the open water, Indeed, 1 after wards oscortainod this to be the fact, nnd it will ho some indication of tho extra ordinary strength and directness of the current of tho mysterious river that tho canoe, even at iliis distance, was still answer ing to it, Presently, loo, I, or rather Utmlopo- gaas, who woke up just then, discovered another indication, and a very unpleosaut one it was. Percoiving some whitish object npon the water Umslopogaas called my attention to it, and with a foiv strokes of tho paddle brought tho canoe to the spot, whereupon we discovered that the object was the body of a man floating face downwards. This was had enough, bnt imagine my horror when Umslopogaas having tamed him on to his back with the paddlo we recognised in tho sunken features the lioea- ments of whom do you supposo ? None other than our poor servant who had boen sucked down two days before in tho waters of the subterranean river. It gave me quite a turn. I thought that wo had left him behiud for ever, and behold i borne by the current, he had made the awful journey with ns, anil with as had reached the end. His appearance also was very dreadful. He had been a black man. now he was a livid white, for tho boiling water had scalded off nearly all his outer skin. Also ho bora traces oi having touched the pillar of Are — one arm being completely shrivelled np and all his hair being burnt oil. Tho features wore, as I have said, sunken, and yet they preserved upon thcin that awful look oi despair that I had 6ecn upon his living face as tho poor fellow was sucked down. Beally the sight quite unnerved me, wonry and shaken as 1 felt with all that we had gono through, and I was heartily glad when suddenly nnd without any warning the body began to siuk, just as though ithadhod amission, which having been accomplished, it retired ; tho real reason no doubt being that turning it on its back, al lowed a free passage to tho gas. Down it went into tho transparent depths — fathom after fathom wo conld trace its course, till at last along light of bright air bubbles, swiftly chas ing each other to the surface, alone remained where it had passed. At length tbeso, too, were gone, and that was an end of our poor servant. Umslopogaas thoughtfully watched the body vanish. "What did ho follow us for" he asked. o'Tis on ill omen for thee and ine. Mncuraazahn," nnd he laughed. I turned on him angrily, for I dislike these unpleasant suggestions. If people liavo such ideas, they ought in common decency to keep them to themselves. I detest individuals who make one the subject of their disagreeable pre sentiments, or who, when they dream that they saw one hanged as a common felon, orsorao such horror, will insist upon telling ono all about it at breakfast, oven if they have to get up early to do it. Just then, however, tho others woke up and began to rejoice exceedingly at finding that wc wero ont of that ilreadfnl river, and once more beneath the blue sky. Then followed a babel of talk nnd suggestions as to what wo were to Jo next, tho upshot of all of which was that ns we wore cxcessivoly hungry, and hnd nothing whatsoever left to oat except a few scraps of biltong (dried gnmoflosh), having abandoned all that remained of our provisions to those horrible freshwater crabs, wo deter mined to mako for tho shore. But a new difficulty arose. Wc did not know where the shore was, nnd, with the exception of the cliffs through which the subterranean rivermadc its entry, could see nothing but a wide oxpanso of sparkling bluo water. Observing, however, that the long flights of aquatic birds kept flying from onr left we concluded that they were advancing from tlicir feeding grounds on shoro to pass the day in the lake, and ac cordingly headed the boat towards tho quarter whence they came and began to paddle. Before long, however, n stiffisli breeze spraDg up, blowing directly in tho direction we wanted, so we improvised a sail with a blanket and the pale, which took ns along merrily. This done, we pro ceeded to devour tho remnants of our biltong, washed down with the sweet lako water, and then lit our pipes and awaited whatever might tarn np. When we had been sailing for an hour, Good, who was searching the horizon with the spy glass, suddenly announced joyfully that he saw land, uud pointed out that, from the change in the color of the water, he thought wo mnst be approaching the mouth of a river. In another minute we perceived n great golden dome, not unlike that of St. Paul's, piercing the morning mists, and while wo wore wondering what in the world it could bo, Good reported another and still more important dis covery, namely, that a small sailing boat was advanciug towards us. This bit of news, which we were very shortly able to verify with our own eyes, threw u3 into a considerable flutter. That tha natives of this unknown lake should understand the art of sailing seemed to suggest that they possessed some degree of civilisation. In a few more minutes it became evident that the occupant or occupants, of the advanciug boat had made us out. For a moment or two she bung in the wind as though in doubt, and then came tacking towards us with great swift ness. In ten minutes she was within 100 yards, and we saw thut she was a neat little boat — not a canoe, "dug out," hut built more or less in he European fashion with planks, und carrying a singularly large sail for her size. But our attention was soon directed from the boat to her crew, which consisted of a man and woman, nearly as white as ourselves. We stared at each other in amazement, thiuk- ing that we must be mistaken ; but no, there was no doubt about it. They were not fair, hut the two people in the boat were decidedly of a white as distiagaishod from a black race, us white for instance, as Spauiards or Italians. It was a patent fact. So it was true, after all ; and, mysteriously led by a Power beyond our own, we had discovered this wonderful people. I could have shouted for joy when 1 thought of the glory and tho wonder of. the thing ; and as it was, we all shook hands and congratulated each other on tho unexpected success of onr wild seurcb. Ail my life hud I heard rumors of a white race that existed in tho high lands of tho interior of this vast continont, and longed to put them to the proof, and now here I saw it with my own eyes, and was dumb founded. Truly, as Sir Henry said, the old Eoman was right when ho wrote — " Ex Africi semper aliqnid uovi," which he tells me meaus that out of Africa there always comes 6omo new thing. Tho man in the boat was of a good but not particularly flue physique, and possessed straight black hair, regular aquiline fea tures' und an intelligent face. He was dressed in a sort browu cloth garment, some thing like a flannol shirt withoat the sleeves, and in on tinmistakcable kilt of tho same material. The legs and feet were bare. Bound the right arin and left leg he wore thick rings of yellow metal that I judged to be gold. The woman had a sweet face, with large eyes and curling brown hair. Her dress was made of the same material as the man's, and consisted, as wo afterwards discovered, first of a liaen under garment that hung down to her knec9 and then of a singlo long strip of cloth, about four feet wide by fifteen long, which was wound round the body iu graceful folds and dually flung over the loft shoulder so that tho end, which was dyed blue or purple or some other oolor, according to the social standing of the wearer, hung down in front, the right arm aail breast bciug, however, left quite bare. A more becoming dross, especially when, as in tho present case, the wearer was young and pretly, it is quite impossible to couceive. Good (who has an oye for such things) was greatly struck with it, and so indeed was I. It was so simplo und yet so effective. Meanwhile, if wo bad been astonished at the appearance of the man and woman, it was clear tlint tlioy were far more astonished at as. As for the man, lie appcarei to bo ovoreomo with fear and wonder, und for a while hovered round our canoe, but would not approach. At last, howovor, lie came within hailing distance, and calied lo us iu a language flint, souuded soft and pleasant enough, but of which wo could not understand ono word. So wo hailed back in English, French, Latin, Greer, German, Zulu, Hutch, Sisntu, Kukunna and a few other native dia lects that I am acquainted with, but our visitor did not understand any of theEC tongues j in deed, tliey appeared to bewilder him. As for the lady, she was busily employed in taking stock of us, and Good was returning tlio compliment by staring at her hard through his eyeglass, a proceeding that she seemed rather to enjoy thou otherwise. At length (he man, being unable to make anything out of us, suddenly headed his boat round and began to head off for the shore, his little boat skimming away before tho wind like a Bwallow. As she passed across our bows the man turned to attend to tho large sail, and Good promptly took the opportunity to kiss his hand to the young lady. I was horrified at this pro ceeding, both on general grounds aud because I feared she might take offence, hut to my delight she did not, for, first glancing round und seeing her husband, or brother, or who ever it was, was engaged, she promptly kissed hers back. "All I" 6aid I. "It seems that we have at ast found a language that the peoplo of this country understand." "In which case," said Sir Henty, "Good will prove an invaluable interpreter." I frowned, for 1 do not approve of Good's frivolities, and ho knows it, and turned the conversation to more serious subjects, " It is very clear to me," I said, " that that man will bo back beforo long with a host of his fellows, so wo had best make up our iriiuds as to how we are going to receive them." " Tho question is how they will receive ns," said Sir Henry. As for Good, he made no remark, hut began to cxtract'a small square tin case that had ac companied us in all our wanderings from under the pile of things. Now we had often remonstrated with Good about this tin cose, inasmuch ns it had been an awkward thing to carry, and ho had nover given any very explicit account as to its contents ; but he had insisted on sticking to it, saying mysteriously that it might come in very useful ono day. " What on ''earth are you going to do, Good asked Sir Henry. "Ho — why dress, of course 1 You don't expect me to nppcar in a new country in these things, do you ? " and ho pointed to his soiled and woru garments, which were, however, like all Good's Ihiugs, very tidy, and with every tear neatly mended. 