Tales and Sketches. Too Much for Him. By Herbert Staid. (Written for the New Zealand Weekly Press.) Waiter Evans was a good specimen of a man, and at the time when he met with the following adventure was barely thirty years of age. He stood fully 6ft. in height, had plenty of breathing room in his chest, and ever since he could remember had devoted as much time to athletic exercises of all descriptions as he had been able to cheat his work of. Although in the Civil Service, he had quite his fair share of brains, and being a good-natured and obliging fellow was the most popular Go vernment official in the town of Arana, in N. S. Wales. ! He was living at this time in a small ! cottage not far from the business centre of the town, and it is necessary to give a rather detailed description of the building and its situation. The part of Brown-< street in which it stood was tolerably steep, and there were cottages close to i Evans' on both sides. The one on the ' upper side was only a few feet away, but j it stood on much higher ground. In order to get a level foundation on the allotment on which the cottage-Evans occupied was built, a cutting some 10ft. deep had been qiade on the one side, and one wall of his dwelling was close up against this steep clay bank. As might be supposed this made the rooms on that side horribly damp, and the landlord had been per suaded to have the bank cut away from the wall a couple of feet or so, up to his boundary line, in order that the air at any rate, if not. the sun, might get at the wooden wall. There was thus made a narrow sort of passage between the hanlr and the building^ut you could not get through to the back, as the landlord had only sufficient land to allow of a gap of a few inches at that end. Evans had made the front room on the side nearest this passage, or cul-de-sac rather, his bedroom, and even put the head of his bed against this wall. He used .to say he would back his constitution against a damp wall any day. One night in the first week in April Evans came borne late from his office. He j was Crown Lands Agent, and the end of March was a busy time for him. He sat down in his sitting room for a few mm-1 utes-ieading -some letters, finished his pipe, drank a glass of grog, blew out his candles, and went off to bed. After a glance over a few pages of the Town and Country Journal in bed, he noticed it J was getting on for midnight, so out went I the caudle, and he turned over to sleep ] the sleep of the just. I But, as we all know, man only proposes, J the disposition of events is in other | hands. Evans' intentions with regard to j sleep were good enough to have secured a j first-class position as pavement for the l infernal regions, but he was destined not j to get any rest for some time. He had a ] happy notion that someone was whistling j shrilly in the direction of the town, and j then came a sound like a man running j in the street. Then there was another | whistle, louder this time, and surely that j man had stopped near his gate 1 Evans was now pretty well awake again, and turned over on his back to listen. We will follow his soliloquy : j M Believe the fellow's coming in here. Thought I heard a footstep on the path. Hang it all, there's someone blowing j away outside the window as if he had ran j a mile. Suppose some of the boys have I been making an evening of it, and one of j them trying to give the others the slip. Expect it's Joe Wilson, but I'm hanged if ] 111 let on that I'm awake. Sounds like j someone coming up the street. Hallo, j my friend's getting in under the bank. | Yes, that s a button of his coat scratching j against the wall close - to my head. Only j one man in the street, apparently. Seems I in a hurry, too. He's gone on. Wonder if my friend '11 come out now." I Five minutes or more went by, and j still there was no sign of a movement on j the part of the individual in hiding. I Evans felt pretty sure it was one of the bank clerks, or some friend of his up to a lark, but he had no desire to be done out of several hours' sleep, so he kept per- I fectly quiet. And yet, as long as that fellow was thfere, just close to his head he could not settle down to sleep. Why on earth didn't he clear out again 1 After about ten minutes or a quarter of | an hour of this suspense, Evans made up his mind to clear up the mystery, and at I the same time try and give the disturber of his peace a bit of a start So he slipped quietly out of bed, pulled on his white j flannel trousers, which came nearest to hand, and taking his tennis shoes in his hand, stepped gingerly into the passage. There he baited a moment to put on his J shoes, and then gently opened the front door and stood on the verandah. ] There was no moon, but the sky was tolerably clear, and, except under the shadow of the bank on his left, he could | see sufficiently well to recognise the out lines of a few shrubs and plants that man aged to exist in the little bit of garden separating the cottage from the street. The front gate he thought must be open, as he .could not see it, but he rather fan- I cied he had left it open himself. At any rate, he did not speculate long on that j point, as he felt quite satisfied that there was someone in beside his wall, and it did not matter whether he came through on open gate or not. It was too chilly to be fiddling about at the door in a night ] shirt and flannel trousers, so he took three 1 or four steps to the end of the verandah, | with the intention of peeping round the I corner and ascertaining the whereabouts of his stowaway. But just as he got within a couple of feet of the bank a man slid from the narrow passage and stood J facing him. j Although Evans had no feelings of ner- j vousness, and had indeed come out with j the intention of giving instead of taking a I surprise, it would not be truth to say that ] he felt altogether comfortable. But just at first he had rather the best of the en counter. The man clearly had no suspi cion of anyone being about, and when he | slipped out of his biding place and found himself confronted by a great big form in white, it is hardly surprising that hej dropped something he had held in his right hand and uttered a low exclamation. The figure, the voice, and above all, the sound emitted from that little bag as it struck the earth, gave Evans a start which | was not very distantly related to a shud der, for nothing but gold ever emitted a " clink" like that, and in a moment it I flashed upon him that he was facing a | robber, and probably a desperate man. To this day Evans is not quite clear | how the next few minutes passed. He had sufficient pluck and presence of mind to keep perfectly still and say nothing, which, perhaps, was the very best he j could have done, and he has a recollection | of thinking what an awful fool he had been in gettiog out of bed. The man spoke first, in a low voice— " Who the are you ?" His voice, though clear,, was hardly j steady, snd Evans, making up his mind to see it through, replied— " That's what I want to know. This is ] my honse. What are you doing here 1" There was another pause, during which Evans tried to make out something of the features of the man in front of him. But the stranger had all the advantage of the light. In the shadow of the bank, with a j wide-awake pulled low down on his fore head, and a muffler of some sort coming nearly up to his mouth, it was impossible { to make anything out of his features. On the other hand, it occurred to Evans that, dressed all iu white as he was, with no j hat on, and standing a few feet out from the bank, not only would his movements be j quickly seen by the other, but he might be madea target which could hardly be missed, and looking closely at his antagonist, he thought he saw his right hand moving as j if to put it under his coat, where, no | doubt, some weapon would be concealed. So Evans deemed it wise to go on. "Keep your hand still and don't move,' he said firmly, " or it will be worse for ] you. You've been making a haul some where, and the police are after you, or | you wouldn't have crept in here. You'd better come with me to the police station." " That's likely," said the stranger with a grim smile. It certainly was a tolerably cool pro posal to make, but the fact was, Evans saw what a pull he had over the man by being within arm's length of him. At j any moment he could close with him, and the fellow evidently saw that the issue of a struggle would not only be doubtful, but also eveu if ultimately successful, would almost certainly lead to his capture. There was another good interval of j silence, during which the robber was evi dently looking the inconvenient apparition in white up and down, and Evans in wardly thanked his parents devoutly for j building him on big lines. "Come," said Evans at last, "what's your plan. Am I to stand here and see you don't move till morning, or till a con- j stable comes round ?" The last part of the sentence probably acted as a spur, for after a few seconds' pause, the man said in a low voice— "Damn me, you've spoilt my game, but I'm not going to let you run me in. If you try that, I'll shoot and take my chance. I'll make a compromise. That J bag" (touching the gold with his foot) " can stay where it is, and you can let me go and hold your tongue. There are 500^ sovereigns there." " Not good enough," answered Evans, " I don't want a bribe, and you will cer tainly have to leave all your plunder if I agree to let you go. What have you got! in the other hand 1" The truth was Walter was beginning to feel rather cold in his nightshirt, and did not relish the prospect of watching the fellow all night. He hardly saw the force of doing constable under the circum stances, and made up his mind to let his prisoner go if he could make him give up his spoil. " And if I leave everything," said the man, " what guarantee have I that you will not watch me away, and then go straight to the police ? It seems to me to be 'Heads you win, tails lose,' this way." " Well, I don't know that it would be much different the other way," said Wal ter, " but if you leave all you've taken on the ground here I give you my word that I won't go near the police till the morning. You shall have a clear start, and if the money is given back to the owners—a • bank, I suppose—the police won't bother long after you." The man seemed to square himself up a bit, and then said, " You give me your word of honour, as a gentleman, that you will do nothing till after sunrise, and 11 will drop these bars and go." " I give you my word, though I sup pose I ought not to do so," said Evans, " provided you leave all you have taken." The man dropped something from his left hand) and asked to be allowed to go. "You swear that that is all?" said Evans. " That's the lot." Evans stood aside, and then followed the man closely to the gate. They lis tened for a moment, and, hearing no sound, the man stepped into the street and moved rapidly away. Evans went back on to the verandah, picked up the bag of sovereigns and two small bare of gold about 6 in. long, en tered the house, lit a candle and a pipe, poured out a stffiish nip, and sat down. He did not feel much inclined for sleep, and began considering the late exciting interview. We will take the liberty of following his ^ thoughts once more. " Gave him a bit of a start when he ! popped out and found me almost touching him. Believe he thonght I was a ghost | at first. I don't suppose I ought to have I let him go like that. Bat, hang it all! I, was not sorry to see the last of him. ; Some of the fellows will" laugh at me, I expect, and say I ought to have collared him. It's very easy to do that sort of thing in theory, but when it comes to practice it's not so much fun. Anyhow, I've got the swag. Wonder who he was. He spoke like a well-educated man. I doubt if one of the rough sort would have taken my word about telling the police. I hope he played fair, and left everything, or I shall look rather foolish. I wonder if I ought to keep my word. And yet if he left all his plunder it would be mean to break it. Those bars are from the Ulalla mines, so it must have been the A. J. S. Bank he got into." After considering once or twice more whether he ought to hold himself bound by his word, Walter Evans decided finally to abide by his promise, and went off to bed. He woke rather late the next morning, and did not get down much before his usual time—nine o'clock. Before he had gone far he heard about the robbery, and found, as he supposed, that it was the A. J. S. Bauk that had been plundered. In those days the business was carried on in a wooden building, and the getting in side had not been a matter of any diffi culty. But that the robber had been able to get at the gold was due to the negli gence of the manager and the accountant, who had both been out spending a festive evening without locking up properly. Whether this fact was known to the bur glar, or whether his luck, so far, hap pened to be in, was not discovered, nor does it affect this story. -It chanced that a constable caught sight of a man leaving the bank that night between eleven and twelve o'clock, and, not recognising the figure, had endeavoured to get closer. The man turned a corner, and when the constable reached this point and looked up the street he caught sight of a form turning another corner at such a dis tance away that it was very clear to him that the man had been running. Had it not been for a lamp at the corner of the street the man turned into he would have escaped notice altogether. The constable felt so convinced that seme thing was wrong that he blew his whistle and gave chase, but in spite of a diligent search he could find no trace of the sus picious-looking stranger. An examination of the bank premises disclosed the robbery, but, by the time the police had got out, the robber had, no doubt, put several miles between himself and the town. Evans listened to the story and, pru dently holding his tongue, made his way to the police office, where he found Senior Sergeant Reading, to whom he told his adventure of the previous night. " How many bars of gold did you say he left Mr. Evans ?" " Two." " Well, then, he's stuck to about 30ozs. There were three bars taken; one of them a little bit which a man eould hide pretty well in the palm of his hand." "By Jove," said Evans; "then he j didn't play fair after all. But come up to my place and take possession of what there is. Possibly the small bar might be on the ground yet." On the way up to Evans's cottage the Sergeant told his young friend straight out that he had acted very foolishly in dealing with the man as he had done, " I don't say yon did so badly," he continued. "You must have faced him pretty well or he wouldn't have parted at all, and there are plenty who would have got out of his way quick enough. But you see you have put yourself in a tight place, through you most of the money's j got back, but there's some that isn't, and j tbat'a exceedingly awkward for you." j This view of the matter had not struck j Waiter before, and on first impulse he said— " I shall tell what happened, and those ! who know me will believe me." j " That's right enough," replied Reading, J " and I know you for one. But there are j more than those who know you going to j talk about this robbery." j There was no disputing that point, and • they walked on in silence to the cottage, j They looked carefully for the missing bar, ! but found it not. The sergeant examined the marks on the clay by the house, but the ground was hard, and he could make nothing of them. Taking the two bars and the bag of sovereigns they turned back to town. When they were once more in the sergeant's office Walter was asked if he could give a description of the man. But he could not. He thought he would know the voice again, but as to tbe appearance of the man he could give no guide of any value! After some further conversation, Evans said— " Look here, sergeant, I want to get level with this fellow somehow, and I have an idea that I may be able to do it if you can get hold of him. But to work my plan properly, the story of how I came to recover this money must not get about. Only you and I know it so far." "Yes, I daresay I can manage that," answered Reading. " I must account for the recovery of this money in some way, but I can refuse to tell how it was got for the present." " That will do," said Walter, " and for that matter 1 don't care if you say that it was through me it was recovered, but I don't want people to know how I did it just yet." " If an arrest is made and some one charged with the robbery, you will have to tell your stoiy then in the Police Court." *" Yes, I know that of course, but that's what I'm waiting for," said Walter with a smile. It is needless to say that the news of the recovery of nearly all the stolen money soon got about, and Evans was pestered by his friends to tell them how he came to get hold of the coin. But Walter shel tered himself behind the police, and said he was advised that in the interests of justice be must hold his tongue for the present. I [To be Concluded in our next issue.) 