l'cpe s Sluouii. A GNIVF-YAIID STOUT. Pepe Murbua was perhaps the most popu lar young man in San Felipe. He jvao o singularly cheery lad, end in hi* unfailing good spirits, no doubt, owed much of his popularity, rather than to im many qualities of greater sterling worth. Uut the trait which excited most interest among his compeers of biBcwnageandBexwas bis dauntless, dar ing courage. Nono bo rcckleee m Peps when the amateurs took the bull-ting lor some funciatt whose funds were devoted to chari table or patriotic purposes; none pushed his horse to euoh etronuouB efforts, nor clung so persistently to thegatno at the eolcadero when the young bloods of the community pitted their strength one Against another in " tail* ing the ball," And brave he was, too, in emergencies in winch (ho BOU! ie ices highly keyed to heroism than in such stimulating phases of dash and enthusiasm. Faoing oalmly and in cold blood men maddened by drink or passion, or else turning a bold, de fiant front to the lawless gentry infesting, in his day, the district, Pepo demonstrated ever his self-possession #*Dd courageous spirit. , A group of Pepe'6 ftionds hadbadhisnttrU bates under discussion, one flawy, flighty Sunday alternoon, when the sudden inter mittent gusts of rain and the dusty wind had driven them to shelter from the ratbor bleak alameda, where to-day no carnages dashed unaor the garrulous coUouwoods, nor demure dark-eyed maidtns paced the gravelled ways or perched, like gay birds, upon the mai?sivc etucoo benches. The eoterie had betaken themselves to the bouae of Don Enrique Soto, at the instance of Foderico, bis son, who sat brimming their glasses with the cordial wine of Parraa-to the disdain, be it admitted, of divers supercilious spirits, who would have been vastly better contented with any poor, thin liquor, so only that it should bear a foreign label, UJ ttll you, comrades all," cried Pablo Nunez, "this flue fellow Pepe gets credit for valor be does not know. In all theee feats of strength that he performs be knows he is At an advantage by virtue of his limber build and strong musics. Bat the true test of courage will be a case where he is on equality with others-with all the world. How would he behave during an earthquake, when his tremendous strength would avail bits no thing? How long would be stand up before an intangible ebapo-a phantom ?" At that a ebouted chorus of laughter as cended from the circle of young men. " Por Diot / Pablo, doest tbou believe in Shan tome ? But what ghosts hast tbou seen ? bmo, tell as a tale-a story-a legend A pretty business this-that'Pablo has grown credulous of ghosts-be who was wont to ecoff at aught that he could not touob, regarding the dootrioes of the ohurch even aa the super Btitioiu dreams of ignorant women. fl0| Pepe I' cried the merry crew, deridingly a Joe favourite came to the door u hero is meat for thy mirth I Here is Pablo grown super stitious 1" v Pepe united when the babbling spirits c,j plained the situation, not failing, either, to the point that the question had arifen through Nunez's doubt of Pepe's valor. Bat smile though he did, Pepe looked serious, loo. " Bemember, mates/' be said, " that Pablo ie from the Sierra, and in the mountains one grows up more inclined to belief in unearthly things-tbe very influences of Natnw, nn ohanged by tbearts of man, teod that way." u Ey I Pepe to the defenoe 1'' »h human heart there lurks fo-licf, of Iwg 0> greater strength, in the supernatural. Some stake their faith on dream?, and noiitn on eigoB and tokens. Thou, Corvera, didst thivei and leave off playing ma!Ma, one night last week, because Juan Luna looked over your shoulder with hiB orossed eyes. How many of yon will join me to-narrow in a dinner I will give to twelve ? Gome, speak up, boys I Ion shall-have the fullest spread the town affords, and French nines all. What! an you bashful ? " No man made exuberant baste to aooept Morbus s offer to make one of the thirteen: rather, the young fellows looked abashed and guilty, "Aja I "aiei Pablo Nunez, "I told them Sou d wear the white plume on some oharces. ow, see, Pepe, you rank as the pluckiest fel low in town; will you go to Campo Santo alone at night?" "I don't think I am the pluokiest," said Pepe; .' there's Joan O&rrtzoo;, via lued Bad threw a mad bull that was charging a crowd ia the marketplace; and Tito Iiedona, who overcame and tied crazy 8anohez,the butcher, over the dead body of the maniac's son, that he had just murdered." " So you want to dodge the trial by shift, honours?" said Nunez, tauntingly. " These are all oases where the danger was clear and definite. Ton will not co to the graveyard?" _ "Ob, JOB,"saidPepe, |am not given to dodging; I will go. Now, mind you, I am afraid. Yet, comrades, it is true. The on. known Is always the thing fullest of horrors, and i una nn awful terror in the thought that, as a bare possibility, even, somewhat that is gruesome and fearful might befall. But to my mind the truest oourage lies, not in our reokless, foolhardy exploits, but in fearing a thing and faoing it all the same. Oome, what do yon wish me to do ?" " Let us go now to Campo Santo, and see what ehall be the test;" and at the word they trooped oat and np the street to the dreary graveyard, faoing on a forlorn, empty square above the alameda, a spot so desolate and forbidding that its mere contemplation would make world-weary humanity willing to oling to life rather than faoe the destiny of lying in euoh repellant oonfines. Death, the Reaper, bad garnered ample harvests at San Felipe; his granary was full to overflow ing. The long, whitewashed facade was topped by a cross above the great portal ol the cnyuan, ineipliosbly wide, sinoe no oar riage nor beast of burden ever orosees the threshold, In .'the long, narrow vestibule, or poroh, a chapel was arranged, where, night and day, a lamp burned before a pictured Holy Family, ana its flame threw uncanny reflections upon a row of gleaming asben white skulls ranged below. Passing through this speoies of atrium tho young men, sobered by their surroundings, entered the oily of the dead.. The graves lay thick as grass-blades, literally overlapping, and almost without ex ception faoing westward. NoehrubB, no flowers or trees enlivened |the scene; only the debris of dried bouquets [from the annual devotion on AU Souls' Day, which had fallen a fort night previous, and here and there a harsh, glaring wrsath of yellow and blaok immor telles. Some of the monuments were stately and handsome, but the majority were flat, low-lying stones, carved with no particular skill or taste, and often defective authography. Some of the humbler sort wsre built of ma sonry, and painted in crudest, vivideat tones or blue or g*een, pioked out with weather tsruiHhed gilding. A fair produotinn of the monuments bore the letters " D. P,." whioh indicated the right of the tenants to slumbsr there undisturbed in perpetuity, instead of Buffering exhumation like tho less-favored, whose mouldering bones at the end of four or five years would be unearthed and thrown into the common roccptaole of the huesarin. So depressing -vas tho plaoc that the VIbi tore, as with one a»oord, and an inetinot of self-defence, lighten frosh cigarettes^ and puffed vigorously, unti. they created aoloud of fragrant bluu smrkf to mingle with the murky ataospln rr. J'ijcy pioked their way with wha: reivrnncj ol treti they might to a ssotioc ol I hi. nnrUmra wall, where the plaster wa« oiiimblinR »way from the broifn abodes, while here and 1 M'-rc in tbe puurred tipaiiEo were tabUti) benricii, bci'idr* name and date, the legend, "8'cia by tbe Savnpes," in mournful fiagireutiou of the days, not so long gone by, it-ben tba Indians had bfton wont to ewoop in fleroa raids into the city's very streets. Then Nunez, still acting ae spokesman, tarred to Pepe. " Wilt thou oome here at midnight and drive a nail iuto that wall!" " I will do it," answered Pcpa, 11 but with reluotanoe, ae you know." Then, after the inevitable ehatler and chaff, the orowd lounged homeward. It was perhaps ten o'clock when they re assembled at Pablo Nunez's office, deeming it indiscreet to start such an undertaking from the salon dr. iillirr or any mora public point. Pepe looked a little pale and eerie, bat never theless came gallantly forward. At the last, Olcmeate Allande, Pebe's bosom friend, tried to dissuade him from the enterprirc. "'Tie a rash and useless thing, hnmlrr. Givo it up. If ought were to ba gained by the going, roya l But to gratify the jealous malice of an envious soul like Paplo, why ehouldst tbou risk thy life? For at night the exhalations from the graves are more thsn ever noxious, and thou mayest get typhus or heavens knows what from breath ing them. The plea was potent with Pete, who had all the usual horror which Mexicans feel (or the air ct night, never stirring abroad after dusk without muffling bis mouth and nostrils in the folds of a silken hankerchiof, through wliiob he breathed. " Dut I ctmnot reoede now," he said; "oeaso to dissuBderoe, Cle ments. It may be that tbe example will be salutary. Boeing that I undertake, for the lake of reason and oourage, a thing I dislike and fear, tbe boys may perhaps be impelled to act with less absolute obedienoe to their own preferences. We Mexicans of the younger generation arc h selfish lot. Oive me tbe hammer," he added, turning back to the others, as he tbrsw tho point of bis cloak over hie shoulder. This wrap of Pepe's was one of his whims-an affectation, said tha malioious. But it was not that. The intense patriotism of the young fellow made him eling to the long Spanish oape of his fore lathers-sorely the most graoeful garment a man can wear-while his oomrades disported themselves in ooats or ulsters of the latest Frenoh or English oat. Throwing then over bis shoulder one long end ol his eapa, and tuoking nnder its droop ing (olds the hammer and the big olumsy spike, Pepe stepped away in the darkness, up the gloomy streets between the low houses, Whose dark and (orbiddlng lascades gave no promise o! bocpitality to be found with " Ho is gone," said Clements Atiande, re entering the home. " I saw him tarn the oorner ot the1 Green Devil. " Yon should not have watohed him onto! light," eaid one of the young men, " that brings ovil fortune." " Now croak, yon I" snapped Olemente vioi ously, in the stress ot hia nervous forebod ings, and vent out to stand alone in the chilled patio, more and more deploriogPepfl's undertaking. " And I might have prevented it, il I had not been a fool," he mattered, " what were easier than to have sent a hint to the Jcfatiim, and the perteot would have so moved that the guard of the graveyard wenld have missed hia etolen key, and watoh would have been kept. Better that Pepe should pay a mnlta, or ores taka a torn in the lock-lip, rather that get diptberia, or typhus-, j^n ilie ii iaemaB among the graves 1" J' i V ? ? ? ? ',be card- table, where still be would uot play, but sat glowering at the game. An hour went by, another half, two hours, and All&nde; could bear it no longer, bot sprang to his feet with an oath ot disturb ance. Two hours, atfd Pepe not here! Some evil bae assailed him 1 We must go to his reliet." . "And find him snugly in bed," sneered Pablo Nunez; " he bae been home an hour, or- jii/eii mhc? - perhaps he was not eo | scrupulous as to go to the graveyard at " It does not partioalarly become yon, Nunez, to sneer and throw aspersions on Pepe'u courage, when it is at your instiga tion be has gone into the absurd and useless adventure. It might bo interesting to seek a ohueo for your pique against hint 1" " One need not go far for that," murmured another of the young men, "only down to the oorner of Guadalupe, where Aurelia Mira montez lives." " At all events," said Olemente, "I shall go to Pepe. Yon who will may coma. How ever, I have no faith in ghosts, and I oan go alone." But the orowd were fairly shamed by Al lande's spirit, and, moved by self reproaoh, and, also, no doubt, by ouriosity, they trooped out with him, barring only Nunez, who slunk away to hiB bed. The graveyard paths were dismal in their stark bareness, that left the palpable darkness unrelieved and pressing like material substance on the pil grims. The leader stopped short as he rounded a tall and massive monument that oonoealed the particular spaoe of the wall where their quest lay S jmething undoubtedly was there, a denser i :orete ehape against the formless blaoknese _! the night and the shadows from the wall. Something, too, in human sem blance, and in the nnoertain light shed by the lantern's flame, flickering and waving in the riotous gale, it seemed to straggle and writhe, as it in mortal throes, or else in the strain of oambat. Olemente dashed forward with a wild oiy. " Pepe 1 oh, Pepe I To the rescue I" He reached the snot and but one figure was there; bowing and ewaying, bending and reeling in tantastio movement, as il wrestling with its own shadow, projected in grotesque, unearthly proportions upon the wall. Olemente threw his arms about the other's waist, and strove to restrain and to drag htm aside. A passive and inert but powerful re sistance was the result. By this time the other's had gathered around,and one of them threw the lantern's rays fnll on Pepe Mur huB's face. Then a cry of (ear and horror went up from all throats, so ghastly was that pallid aountenanoe, set in the rigid lines of mortal agony and despair. 11 Will you not help to free him ?" oried Olemente. " Are you all paralysed I Oome, see what holds him, so I oan lay him down 1 I think he is grasping something on the wall." But none of the panio-strioken orew would move, and Olemente himself, still supporting the other, sought to reaoh along the rigid arms, to detaoh them from their hold, Both arms hung free; one stiffened hand still held the heavy hammer. Then, with a sudden light breaking on bis mind, the faithful Olemente oaught at the (olds of the ample Spanish caps, flapping and waving airily in the wind, and tried to tear them awai from the form of his friend. The realstanoe which he encountered oonfirmed this belief, that had taken shape tardily, thanks to the dim and shifting, uneven light. With a few words of explanation whioh de prived the incident of its supernatural aipeot, he rallied his stiffened companions, prompt enough to aot where only material foroes were concerned. The nature of the ooour* renoe was plain. Blown by the fitful wind, the folds of Pepe's cloak had been pieroed by the heavy spike, whose broad, flat head bad effeotualfy held the strong cloth and plntud the young man to the wall. Alone there in the night,with suoh awesome oircumstanoe ol , tims and plaoe, the conditions had unWfcoei' ' hit judgment when he bad seamed to Aim. i scljjn the grasi^d something, na^Kmi known. Nor bad tbe poor lad suooumbed to (ear alone. Tbe family pbyeioian of tbe Mur huas bad long ago diagnosed a weakness ot tbe heart, brought on or aggravated by Pepe'B prowers in field sports, and any excess of mental or spiritual emotion mail have re suited fatBlly. Tbe knowledge of hii condi tion had been kept from Pepe, with a view to averting the fate that enlightment might have (pared him. He was buried near the spot where death had met him, but hie name is not forgotten. Tbe graoeful fashion of the Spanish oloak is earning into favor again in Mexico, but never can be foond a youth of Han Folippe who will don the garment that ie known ai " tbe abroad of Pepe Murhna." Ambition--Ambition when not allowed to become a rolingHpassion, ie a good thing to possess. It ifr?an inoentive to many a noble deed. It is closely allied to bravery also, for a coward ie without tbe quality, and would rather clink to the rear than rnsh to the front to face tbe enemies' guns for the chance of honor or fame. He would sooner save himself from a threatened danger tban havo tbe glory of helping a friend toavoid it. Many calls are made on its followers by am bition, and a devotion to it results sometimes in sorrow and oare, instead uf tbe anticipated pleasure and happiness. Tbere is " the vaulting ambition which o'erleaps itself,"and leaves the devotee in the lnroh. Tbe man who sets himself to gather riohes and make (or himself a name, often draws the coveted pries and reaps the reward (or wbioh be has striven. But at wbat a cost 1 At the sacri fice of bis best years; the denial of all soft eniDg love and domestio happiness; the freeh, innooent impulses of youth suppressed, and all the higher and nobler feelings gradu ally deadened, till he finds he is at last a euo oessfnl, great, but an intensely solitary man. His ambition, however, is gratified, and tbe gaol for whioh he aimed is won, and with tbst he must be contented. The ease long looked for never comes, and as ho has sown bo must he reap, his heart closed to those in fluences whioh make old age bearable and the coveted riohes like Dead Sea ashes. The aspirant never masters the shibboleth of tbe set he aSects, and the thousand little dagger-like thrusts and Bnuba aneonsoiously dealt by those born in the pnrple an as bitter things, Buffeted in uncomplaining Bi lenoe and seoreo), but ever sinking deeper and deeper, ending at last in ntter demorali sation, for the inner magio olrole is never truly broken to admit an outsider. 