MISCELLANEOUS. REsri'j urroj.' Extimoki'I-vasv. — A cl-rgjiuau whv- iu Uiusa di;) rest id times surrenders a portion the incuse paid , to bim during a number of years must j have feelings that rise superior to the usual financial L'gic on tithes. Iu this case they were extraordinary tthes— a peculiarly objectionable impost In the south of England. The Rev. W. J. Monk, vicar nf Tlnririinutnii. near S'ttiflff baurne, has had reserve of funds mfli cient to returu to his firming neighbors all the extraordinary tithe he has cjI lected fr . m tlKm during his vicariate of j 14 years. One farmer lias received £120, and the total of the boon is £500. After this display cf generosity and conscience, the vicar will have no difficulty in making a bazaar for fabric repairs or a new organ veiy popular. — Leeds Mercury. Proposed Imperial Census in Eighteen Ben»b.e» aud Nineti-ose — The follow ing resolution, passed by the Council of the Royal Colonial Institute, was for warded to the Colonial Secretary (Sir Henry Holland): — 'The Council of the Royal Colonial Institute deem it desirable that whenever it is decided to take the next census of the United Kingdom, Her Majesty's Government and the several Governments of colonies should consider and endeavor to make arrangements for having the census of the whole Empire taken on one and the same day, and as fur as practicable in the same form.' A reply was received on behalf of the Colonial Secretary, stating that Her Majesty's Government ' have always endeavored to cause such an arrangement to be made, and I am to add that the im portance of this principle will not ba lost sight of on the next occasion.' A Jubilee Giant. — la order to Bhow one of tbe bleBBingB that has been vouch safed to this country during the last 50 years, the Queen haB received from a loyal subject at Dover a photograph of himself. He is a Mr Longley, the landlord of the Star Inn, Dover, and he prides himself on being Her Majesty's heaviest subject. He is about 40 years of age, and weighs just over 40 stone. He has had several offers to go on show ; in fact, Barnum made him a liberal proposal at the time he bought Jumbo, wishing to show the heaviest man and the heaviest elephant at the same time, but Longley has always refused every suggestion of this description, look ing upon the idea of his making an exhi bition of himself as an inBult. Cock-fight foe a Hundbed Porous. — The questionable sport of cock fighting evidently dies nowhere harder than in Cumberland. The annual battle between the cocks of the extreme west of the country and those in the Cockermouth district, for £100 on the main and £3 aside on each battle, was fixed to come off at Old Field Mill, a deserted place on the moorland, several miles from Cocker mouth. Before a start could be made with the fighting two constables made their appearance, and the large company of fanciers at once left In conveyances for Pardshaw Craggs. The officer went in pursuit on foot, but before they arrived at Pardshaw some fighting had been de cided. Owing to the scouts giving the alarm, the police were unable to get close up. Another move was then made to Deanscales, and thence to Dean Moor, but in each occasion the police were on 1 the spot before any decisive battle could ! I be fought. Finally the match had to be j I abandoned. No Ghosts Even in America. — The commission appointed by the University j \--f Pennsylvania under the will of the late Henry Seybert to investigate the so-called phenomena of modern Spiritualism, have csme to the conclusion that there is nothing extraordinary in any of these manifestations that is attributable to any thing more mysterious than legerdemain The full report of the Commission, which will shortly be is;ued by the Lippin cotts, is likely to attract a good rieil of attention. They report that the demonstration of the trickery of sla e writing is conclusive, as is that of the purely physiological origin of the rap pinga. It was the common experience -_f the Seybert Commission that ' as soon as an investigation worthy of the name begins ail manifestations of spiritual power cease.' They were told of mar vellous things that the spirits did, but when it was sought to have these miracles repeated in their presence the ' con ditions ' were ' inharmonious,' and no thing took place. The Commission Bay in concluding their report : — ' We regret that thus far we have not been cheered in our investigations by the discovery of a single novel fact ; but undeterred by this discouragement, we trust, with your per mission, to continue them with what thoroughness our future opportunities may allow and with minds as sincerely and honestly open as heretofore to con viction.' Mb Spubgeon on the Dbink Ccbse. — Mr Spurgeon spoke at the opening week night meeting in connection with the 14 -T n hilpA Tftnf Miflainn Tip.IH at Kensington under the auspices of the Metropolitan Tabernacle Blue Ribbon Total Abstinence Society. Re ferring to the habit of some men to spend out of their weekly wages, of perhaps 25s some 10s or 15s in drink, Mr Spurgeon designated Buch aB ' brute beastB.'1 He would not like to say a hard word, and therefore he wonld retract that expres sion — when he found a better. (Laughter. ) A man who robbed his wife and family ? ? C( J ? LI- J J* J /I ? was a uuuuicu uisiuieu tuiei. — luear, hear( — and ought to be put in a different prison to ordinary thieves leBt he should deteriorate even their morals. He went on to observe that the grocer's shop was the place that ruined a great number of women. He believed there never was a worse move made for the temperance of this nation than when by law it became easy to sell intoxicating drink, and so easy to buy it at the grocer's shop. He wished that this system could be speedily swept away. He waB sure that publicans would willingly join hands with teetotal lers in such a movement. New Inventions.— Professor Elisha Gray, of Boston, is said to have made a discovery which promises equally extraor dinary results as those obtained from the telephone. No patent has been isBued or applied for. but the invention is protected by about 38 different caveats. Meanwhile the. inventor is engaged in perfecting the general plan, which can be best described by the term auto- telegraphy. It is claimed that it will be possible by this invention to write npon a sheet of [ aper and have an autograph facsimile of the writing reproduced by telegraph 300 miles away, and probabiy a much greater distance. Successful experiments thus far have been tried to about 300 miles. It is expected that the Bame results will be obtained on a much longer distance. It may be some time before the invention is perfected, but the inventor has great confidence that a great and practical rival to the tele phone will soon be introduced. Pau perism in the United Kingdom. — Mr Ri:chie, the Preaideut of the Local Government Board, in answer to a ques tion by Mr Hoyle in the House of I Commons, said he was unablr to say how I many persons received parochial relief in ! Englanr', Wales, and Scotland respec tively duriLg the year ended December 31, 1886 The practice of the Local Government Board was to obtain returns of the cumber of paupers on certain days only. In England Januaiy 1 was taken, in Scotland Januaty 14, and in Ireland the week ending January 1. For 1887 the figures are: — England — Ljdoor, 201,698 ; outdoor, G26,517 Scotland — Indoor, 10,233 ; outdaor, 89,501. Ire land—Indoor, 48,126; outdoor, 65.015 Total — Indoor, 260,057 ; outdoor, 781,033 Ikish Oak in Westminster Hall — Everyone may not know that Westminster Hall was entirely roofed with oak from Ireland, said to have been cut at Oxman town, once a village near Dublin, now part and parcel of that city. 