HUMAN LIFE. Among tho most perplexing probloma re lating to humanity must bo included the Btrnngo contrast between what mon aim at in regard to human life, and what would ro Bult if their efforts wero successful. It is nn accoptod principle of philnnlhropby that human life should bo carefully nurtured in all uvailablo ways; it is a recognized tost of good government and of satisfactory progress in civilization that population should increaso and that sickness, pestilence, famine, war, nnd all doatli-donlinfr acencies should diminish But suppose tlio efforts of philanlhrop y, political economy, nnd scionco in thoso direc tions woro successful, supposo that in all tho cliiof nations and among tho principal races tho rato of 'ho growth of population woro in creased, or ovon maintained unchanged, but for a few centuries — tlio morest socond in tho interest of tho world or even of races — ? what must inovitably happen oro long ? Would human happiness bo incroased ? Would, oven in tho long run, human lifo bo extended 1 On tho contrnry, utter and irre trievable misery would ensue. Tho human race would deteriorate; nay, its growth and development suddenly ceasing, it would run considerable risk of coming to nn un timely end. I am not an admirer of Mr Rnskin's philosophy — groat though ho may bo as an art critic and as a rhotorician. I consider, t indeed, tho attontion it has roccived a most depressing feature of tho age, seeing that there is no conncction botwoon art and phil osophy, or botwoon oloqucnco nnd reasoning, and Mr Euskin's philosophy is shallow, his reasoning naught. Yot, underlying its absurdly fervid grandiloquence, tho following bit of fino writing contains (or rather con ceals) a most important truth. ' Loss of lifo 1' says tho ominont art critic ; ' by the ship overwhelmed in tho river, shattered on tho sea; by tho mino's blast, tho earth quake's hurial, you mourn for tlio multitude slain. You cheer tlio lifeboat's crow ; you hoar with praise and joy of tho rescuo of ono still breathing body moro at tho pit's mouth; and all tho while, for one soul that is saved from tho momentary passing away (accord ing to your creed to bo with its God)' — [though ns to this, Mr Uuskin, ' you can't .? quite always generally tell ;' tho soul thus saved may have — may not, in fact, liavo done so woll] — ' tho lost souls, locked in their polluted flesh, haunt with worso than ghosts the shadows of your churches, and the corners of your stroots ?, aud your woary children watch, with no memory of Jerusa lem, and no hopo of roturn from thoir cap tivity, tho weltering to tho soa of your waters of Babylon.' Beforo me lies a statistical record, from which I learn that in England, despite emi gration and widespread pauperism (with at tendant high mortality), the population, during tho last twenty years, has increased attherateof li per cent per annum, with every sign of growing at the same rato, or even at an increasing rate, for many yeats to como. Admirable country) excellent adminis tration ! encouraging outlook for tho future I At this rate tho population of the old country may bo expected to increase tenfold in about 154 years. One. rather wonders how tho question of wages, already pressing rather seriously upon the English pooplo be causo of undue numbers, and consequently too close competition (ovor-prcduction of workers, in fact), will appear whon the en couraging development, of the population of England has gone on to this extent. Putting tho present population of England at about 30,000,000, tho population in 2031 will.be 300,000,000, unless the oncouraging growth of numbers should in somo way be in terrupted. But let us look a little farther ahead. England is not so young a country but that we can look back over 621 yoars of her his tory, to the year 1256, whon tho first of onr English Kings to celebrate a jubiloe, Henry III, the rather mild son of the not exem plary John, had boen fifty years on the xhrone. During the interval which lias elapsed since then a great deal has taken place in England, but England has not grown in population at the rate at which sho is grow ing now. For if sho had, that would mean that her population in 1256 amounted only to 8000 persons, all told ; aud Cajur do Lion, Henry III.'s uncle, used up ten times that number at loast in fighting only. It would seom, then, as though tho popula tion of England had not only beon growing, but growing at an increasing rate — a result indeed, which fellows still moro obviously if tho actual population in successive centuries, frorjl the timo of William tho Conqueror on wards i'ntil now, bo considerod. Wo may thon nt louSt look forward for a continual in crease at tho rote of li per cont. during the next six centurion.- What, thon, will bo tho pleasing state of afiu.'fs in England in the year 2500 or thereabout'^ ? Tho papulation increasing tonfold in 15d- or' .155 years, will by tho yoar 2500 have incroasou 10,000fold, or will amount to 300,000,000,000, exceed ing somo 200 times tho probable presen t pop ulation of the wholo earth. There will tiV *)n- be about six square foot of space for each inhabitant of Englund; and by that timo wo may assume, the tliroo-acres-and-a-cow idoa will have had to be givon up by the states men swaying those 300,000,000,000 'undor Britain's royal sceptro thon.' As for the ' imperial scoptre' with its sway ovor tho colonios and subject populations of Groat Britain, it would be difficult to say how it would work, oven if tho 9,000,000 of square miles forming Great Britain's prosont empiro should by that timo havo incroased to 20,000,000. But the future of tho United States, viewed in tho same way, is not Iobs ' encour aging,' according to ono view, or loss appall ing according to tho othor. Tho population of America doubles in about twenty years, or five times in a century, five doublings mean ing a thirty-two-fold increase. In four cen turies, at this rato, tho increaso of the popu lation of tho United Statos would bo about a million-fold (thirty-two timeB thirty-two times thirty-two times thirty-two times), or .the population would amount to sixty millions of millions, or thorenbouts. This would bo ?a population of nbout 16,000,000 por square milo, or 10,000,000 per square mile, assum ing a fair absorption of surrounding torritory and -1,000,000 pni square milo if the wholo of . 'North and iSouth Ainoricu wero available for tho American population. About threo . , fourths of a square yard of surface would then bo ivailablo for each inhabitant of tho double continent. If tho whole oarth woro pooplod by theso 60,000,000,000,000 Ameri cans, thero would bo nearly threo square yards of space for each porson I Of courso we know that thoro is no like lihood of any raco or nation increasing in pop ulation ovon at such ratos aB IJ- per cent, for several conturios in succession. It is not be cause of any real danger (or hopo) that Eng land, for oxample, which now bonBts of this rate of increase during a much longer time, will continue to grow at thisrnto, that I havo prosontod tho abovo startliug figures. But it is worth wliilo to considor a littlo how far wo nro (jntitlnd to '' rejoice and bo glad' over what we regard ns progress, whon it is clear that, tho progress cannot possibly continue without ruinous rosults for tlio wholo human race. Especially ntartling, or rather oppressive, bocomo the thoughts suggested by this so called progress when wo remember how much moro rapid is tho progress of exhaustion of our earth's accumulated storos on which tho growing population of the earth in part do ponds. It might or might not ho possiblo for the prosent population of tho oarth to livo, as of old tho inhabitants of earth wero contont to live, upon tho annual produco of tho earth — on tho earth's income, not on hor capital. But assuredly whothor this might bo dono or not, it is not done at prosont. Year aftor year tho buried stories of lifo, for that is roally what they should bo called, aro being brought; in greater and greater quantities to tho snrfaoo, and used to Btipply the human raco with much moro than tho necessities of lifo. In two States of the Union alono ono kind of accumulated oarth life, tho petroleum and natural gas store, has boon so rapidly used up that within one generation alono storos which wero millions of yenrs nccumulating will havo been almost wholly' exhausted. In Groat Britain 150,000,000 tons of coal aro yearly brought lo the pit's mouth, though it has bocomo cloar that the effective supply will be exhausted nt tho prosont rato of con sumption in the conrso of ten or twelvo generations at, tho ontsido. Tho forests of tho earth, nt any rate in all civilized countries, arc being stoadily des troyed, though it would be quito possible so to nrraugo maltors that tho supply used each year should be roplaced by new growth during tho samo time. Like a spendthrift, tho human raco to-day, boasting itself 'tho lioir of all tho ages' in intelligence, is consuming at a rate iully one hundred fold boyond what is just the sup plies which, as heir of all tho geological toons, it has roceivod — in trust partly for future generations. That mon should rejoice when statistical records attest the steady growth of all civilised nations in population, at tho vory time that thu storos of the earth aro being wastofully consumed, is as though tho father of a growing family should rejoice at oach addition to bis family circle, at tho vory timo when oach yoar's accounts told him that his moans of providing for them woro rapidly growing less, ntiiT exhaustion was imminently threatened, I have occasion often, as a student of as tronomy, to touch ou tho gradual dying out ot the earth's vitality, nnd to descant on tlio limited nature of tlio sun's supply of life giving onergy. I romind my audiences in lecttiros, and my roador?. in books and essays, that as tho moon has died so must tho earth hereaftor die; nnd that as among tho stars (thoso othor suns than ours) wo find suns that aro manifestly fading iu lustre and even evidence of orbs which, though onco lustrous, are now dark and doad, so must our sun ono day lose his light and boat, and with them his powor ,ot sus taining lifo in the worlds circling around him. But I doubt whetherj tho inhabitants of our world need be vory much interested in the future darkness of tho Bun or ia the coming decay and doath of tho earth. The human raco is taking excellent care that its duration shall not extend to either of thoso dismal times (whichever of thom may be tho first to come). Millions of yoars probably before tho Bun is dark, millions of years before our oarth is dark, millions of yoars beforo our oarth is doad, tho civilized human raco will have exhausted all that it has to live on, nnd will have come to an end through sheer in anition. No discovery of now scientific appliances can avail to save our kind from this end, seeing that every such discovery would inevi tably lead to tho moro rapid exhaustion of tho earth's garnorod storos. Progress in civilization, at least along tho present lines, can only hasten tho coming of tho end. For civilization, as at prosont undorstood, culture as at prosent alono appreciated, imply steady advance boyond tho supply of moro necessi ties, beyond tbe moro sunport of life — tho steady dovolopmont of new wants, fresh pleasures nnd greater luxury, Nothing could avail to mako tbo incroaso oflile, which so many contemplate with satisfaction, a real gain, or oven to justify it, but somo such change iu tho ways of tho human raco as Comaro adopted for his own individval habit, olglifo. Whon ho found that ho was oxhausting tho very springs of life, wasting the stored-up constitutional energies of his frnmo by unduly luxurious living, ho wisely changoil his way of living to what his friends regarded as a foolishly abstemious rogimen. Condemned by the unnnimous vo ;-!o of the physicinns to doath within two yoars, h0 so developed liia vital energies that he lived i'or sixty-four years iiiBtoad of two, attaining tin? riP.° ag° ,ot ninoty-nino yoars t efore Uonth eh?^m0c' Moreover, where as in the fulnesss Sf ^'9 youth and manhood lifo had beon but ns a burden to him, lifo dur iug|;'tho last three-fifths ,?f his timo — for n quarter of a century boyond the four scoro years, when, tho Psalmist says, lifo iB but labor and sorrow — was to him wCM worth living, nay, full of satisfaction and delight. The human raco is at present certanjly advancing with swift stridos towards a vory doBolato condition, if not towards death. It is not getting vory much satisfaction out of its wasteful and thoughtless manner of liv ing. If a fow optimists rocognise promiso of good, more amung us pessimistically ask tho doleful question, 'Is lifo worth living 7' Tho moliorists who, deploring tho evil, still see hopo of chango to wiser ways are fow and low voicod. Not regimen, which is really noedod, but recipo is chiefly suggested by short sighted mon (whom tho world miBtakoB for philosophers) to improve this state of things. Philanthropy, communism, social ism, anarchy, in turn hold out promiso of improvement. . But in tho meantime the storos of lifo, on which tho vitality of tho humau raco as such must depend, nro boing used up at such a rato that tho time of final exhaustion lioa within measurable distanco. A.nd tho statistician boasts, because tho records of birth rates and doath ratos show that tho end must be ovon nearer (suppoBing no change should tnke placo) than it would be if consumption went on no more quiokly than it is already doing. R. A. Proctor in Octobor Knowledge. 