, STREET MUSIC, WITH SEVERAL MORALS. m Br Vaurien. Young people think that when middle age comes in at the door the capacity, for pleasure flies out of the window. There never was a greater mistake; and for this mistake the poets are mainly responsible, as they are for many others, Mooie twitters " Give me back, give me back, the wild sweetness of morning ;" and Beranger, revisiting in ago the garret where Lisette and he had dallied in youth, regretfully murmurs on the threshold " J'échangerais co quail me reste à vivre, Contre un des mois quiet Dieu ma compass." Young men and women imagine that when one's barber commences to recommend a ? certain wash known to himself only-for preventing baldness, and restoring the hair to its original colour, enjoyment is as good as over. But it is only then that some kinds of pleasure really begin, always assuming you have preserved a fair digestion and a conscience whose cracks do not gape too wide. It is when the age of passion is on the ebb, and of reason on the flow that people begin to see things in their true proportions. The morning haze which distorted surrounding objects has lifted, and then before you stand the real persons or facts instead of the grotesque images that loomed upon you through the early mist There are those, no doubt, who regret the frog's disappearance, who grieve to learn that the fir trees in the garden do not touch the sky, and that the bad man who persisted in gather- ing sticks on a Sunday while serious people were at church was not really lodged in the moon, wherever else he was sent. Still there is a certain satisfaction in knowing the truth, even if your joints become stiff in learning it This brings us to street music. Stand at the Herald office between I and 5 on any fine afternoon and look uncompromisingly west Hunter-street is before you, and if you listen attentively, the chances are entirely in favour of your hearing the blare of brass instruments proceed- ing from some spot in George-street just round the corner. When music has to contend against the roar of traffic over a wooden pavement it is heavily handicapped. When it has to double a corner as well, it reaches the listener's ear in a series of isolated grunts, whose tendency is to make one regret that human ingenuity did not stop when it had invented the Jew's harp. intervening buildings, which cut off the tender wail of the clarion and the states melodious gymnastics, give to the ophicleide and the trombone opportunities of which they make the most So long, then, as a person remains in Hunter-street the " Anvil Chorus " or the prayer from " Der Freischutz" comes to him in the shape of a fierce single combat between the instruments named, with, now and then, a mild chirp of reproof from the cornet Sometimes, as the ophicleide appears to be coming in hands down, the trombone makes a final effort, and, after an angry bandying of high words, the appearance of a P in the music (by some thought to mean piano, but no doubt intended by the composer for police, as a gentle reminder to keep quiet) restores general harmony. One of two things has to be done-either turn up Pitt-street, and, by placing a solid block between you and the disputants, shut out their unseemly misunderstand- ing, or doggedly face the worst and advance towards George-street. In the latter case, at all events, the true state of affairs can be learnt, and the responsibility for the disturbance sheeted home to the proper culprit by examining the score. It may be, of course, that as both were merely obeying orders neither is to blame, the real fault lying with the composer. This, however, is seldom the case. So great is the temptation to send a whirlwind into a large brass instrument even when the author of the melody insists on a gentle breeze, that one or both of the executants will usually be found in fault Only men with unblemished character and well-tested powers of self- abnegation should be entrusted with ophicieides and trombones. Even then, with the best intentions, a person with some unfortunate peculiarity, such as a mouth of abnormal shape or a chronic cough, should not be encouraged to devote his attention to either of these instruments. The risk is too great There are plenty of others to choose from. It was but a few days ago that we observed a poor blind man engaged playing a lively Irish air on a tin whistle outside a large music shop much frequented by the profession. VentreblcH ! If this afflicted person had studied the circular bombarded, and become proficient! The thought is maddening let us enter George-street. It is just outside the footpath in front of the Cafe Francais that the musicians have entrenched themselves. They are seven. After the first piece, however, it is seldom that more than six combine to " negotiate " the crochet and bars on the stand before them. The cornet having blown a world of affection into the " Temple of the Heart" retires to relieve his feelings by taking up a subscription. Should business so brisk and listeners many, the French horn follows the cornea as soon as Stride In Vampa " (the walking ghost), after a succession of determined shakes, is put to rest and screwed down. It is only under exceptional circumstances that more than two performers are absent at the same time. We, ourselves, never noticed more, although a few days ago a frank looking elderly listener, who appeared above making a figurative statement assured us that on one occasion to his knowledge - it (was a popular holiday and the hotels were full-six of the orchestra were occupied in gathering the numerous subscriptions, thus throwing on the cymbals the onus of working out some tender passages in " Traviata." The fact that there are no cymbals in the combination, when considered in connection with the further fact that the person making the assertion once spent five years in Colney Hatch with settled melancholia, induces us to be careful in accepting his statement. There seems to be no distinctive name for this body of artists. Sometimes we believe it is known as the "German Band," but it would be hard to say why. A mere casual look at the performers suggests that some of them at any rate ave from European countries a good deal west of the Fatherland, If you observe the people who loiter, liston, and apparently enjoy the music, you will begin to understand why we said that it was only in middle or in declining age that " some kinds of pleasure really begin." The young and blithe stay, but only for a moment Even then their thoughts are not with Norma and her wrongs Lucia and her sorrows. They are much nearer home ; a little farther up the block," in fact, where a spruce Civil servant, just escaped from enervating toil, or a natty young woman with three volumes of repentance, reconcilia- tion, and everlasting rubbish fresh from the circulating library, is seen approaching. If the funniest thing in the world is to take children to a pantomime or a circus to listen to their shouts of pleasure as those hardened scamps down and Pantaloon defy the law and that its officers with undisguised contempt: to hearken to their noisy admiration as the " Child of the Air " (Madame Zerbini-nee Brown, of Margate-from the Haute Ecole, Paris) spins through space in the mad leap for life surely the saddest is to accompany a young lady or gentleman of musical tastes to a high-class concert, especially if you happen to be musical yourself. We have sat beside such charming people when the fiddles were dashing madly through those fine movements in Semiramide, or daily- ing with the linked sweetness of Maritana and- Try it some of you good fellows whose beards are grey, and who have grown-up daughters. You think the young lady beside you, and on whom you've spent no end of money, is following each wave of the conductor's baton. Not she. Your thoughts are busy with the past and present ; hers with the present and future. While you are marvelling at the inspiration of the composer and the skill of the executants, she is busy with the cut of the dresses and the task of making a mental note of those present For her in vain the bassoons grow their best concordance, the oboes fill the air with melodious whispering. She needs them not In her inmost heart she believes, just as your son of eighteen does, that enjoyment ceases long before thirty, and that people who have the bad taste to live to forty should be, at the latter age anyway, painlessly, but inexorably wiped out All this and more must have been running through Thackeray's head when he sat him down and trolled : " Forty times over let Michaelmas pass, Grizzling hair the brain doth clear Then you know a boy is an ess, Then you know the worth of a lass / Once you have come to forty year. We are far from complaining about the young people. In the first place, it would be all the same if we did and in the next, they would not be half so entertaining if they were overwise. It makes one savage to see an unnaturally old head on young shoulders, All we ask of those interesting persons who, loitering son the threshold of morning, say, in the pride of their youth, " Stand out of the sun, you 40, 50, or 60 years old fogies ! the world is not for such as you ; you have had your day !" is that they remember how careful Nature is not to destroy in men the capacity for one kind of enjoyment before supplying the capability for enjoy- ing another kind. You young citizens and Cheyenne who go smirking by, noisily chattering in your droll, nasal Latin, while the band of the Guides is firing Offenbach's mad vagaries into the warm Parisian night You, callow cockneys who interrupt Dan Godfrey and his hairy capped minstrels with your vacant laughter there are two ways of finding pleasure in music as in everything else. One is to listen, and the other not If you adopt the latter plan, which is extremely probable, do not, pray, abuse those who follow the other, and do not shake your vigorous young rattle in their faces. If you are too proud to stand in the street listening to the German hand over the way, do not, we beseech you, tread on our toes because we choose' to lean against a lamp-post' and hearken. But, stay! is that the cornet man-the person who col- lects coming our way ? Not that our eyes are any dimmer than they were; in fact, they seem to improve with age. But, somehow, they don't see so well as formerly. "It is the highly respectable person who plays so charmingly on the cornopean, and to whom it is such a pleasure to speak," we understood you to say ? Ah ! How late it is ! Let us stroll as far as King street 