On the Wing. It Is difficult to regard Mr. J. C. Wil liamson In the light of a martyr. We know him as a finished actor, a successful manager, and an enthusiastic if not over brilliant cricketer, but wo fall to recog nise him in the rbla of a scapegoat for the sins of his theatrical brethren. It was in such a character, however, that Mr. Wil liamson appeared in tho District Oourt on Monday, and then ho was only playing second to tho lead of that distinguished County Oourt barrister, Mr. Hood. The Central Board of Health, in a sudden fit of zoal, determined quite recently to put down overcrowding in plnnes of public amusoment, and the senior mom ber of the great triumvirate was selected as the first victim. "Ho was led as a lamb to tho slaughtor"—but hero tho aoriptural simile onds j ho did open his mouth. The ovidonco of tho police proved oloarly enough that tho passages of the Theatre Koyal on Boxing night were orowdod by porspiring pleasure-seekers— and a very extraordinary thing it would have boon if they had boon empty. The aocrotary of tho Central Board of Health, who was allowed to give his evidence aftor some fencing between Mr. Hood and Mr, Gillott, proved that a regulation had been pnssod prohibiting obstructions in the passages of theatres, and that was about ail tho caso for the prosecution. Mr, Qlllott, ns the nttornoyfor tho proso cution, was rathor out of his proper oie mont, and besides, lie could have very little porsonal sympathy for the side I which ho rourosontod. Mr. Williamson did not nttoihpt to dony thnt thoro woro pooplo standing in tlio pngsngos on tho night in question, but ho pointed out that thoy did so of thoir own froo will, and thnt tho Exhibition building nnd tho ohurohos woro just ns oi'owdod during tho holidays, I t was to his intarost, lie said, to look nftor tho intorost of his pntrous — nnd very woil ho doos it too—and if tho Central Board of Hoalth had only oon sultod him ho might have put thera up to a wrinkle or two. Mr, Williamson's brothar.in-lnw, Mr. Mooro, who aots as tronsuror at tho .Royal, produood his books to show that tho tnklugs on last Boxing night woro only £822 2s, (Id, as against »2<108 Bis. (Id, on Boxing night of 1885, Thou Mr. Panton roraarkod. in n depreca tory mnnnor. that Mr. Williamson had broken tho law, but that undor tho olr oumstnnoos tho ilno would only bo a nominal ono—111, with £2 2s, posts. Stay of proooodlnga was grantod on tho appll aatlon of Mr, Hood, that tho onso might bo argued in a hlghov [court, His Honor, Mr, Justloo A'Bookott, has grantod a rule nM for a prohibition ordor. At tho Theatre doyat, Sydney, Tho Slooplng Beauty la atlll bolng playoct with undiminished buoooss, ' Miss Minxim palmkm oontlnuoH to win goldon opinions—and golden sover eigns—ivt tho Now Opera Houso, Sydney. XiANOii) LlONTON's pantomime oE IDlok Whlttlngton, was playod for tho last time at tho lioyal Standard Thoatro, Sydney, on Saturday night, aftor a most suooossEul run, Itlc»Nor.D aud Allison's Opova Company are playing to good houses at the Bydnuy Qrltovlan. *' Marltana " Is now billed, and 11 Noll CI wynno " Ib In preparation. 'I'HM ultra-sensational drama of Nook Eor-Noelc. Is drawing good houses at the CIaloty Thoatro Sydney | Arthur Vivian Is the sub-loMHue and manager, Mihockjic'h Minstrels, enntluuu to ho as popular as over at the Aeadumy of Muslu Sydney, Wui'lN last heard of Han, Harry's Com pany were playing at Narraooorte and 1'onola, H, A, 'Tun Ulgnohl Dramatlo Company eon eluded a sueeoHsful season at the Aeademy ol! Munle, llullurabt, on Saturday night last,' with " In tho llaulis" | I.lui prlnulpal members (d! the emupauy are, Mr, aud Mrs. .Ulgiinh.l, Miss lllshop, and Messrs, Tolano and lla/,lttt, ...Jyoteran Mr. Chippendale is still an Iniffifi of a private lunatlo asylum in TOiiMfed but although mentally weak hiatwclilv health has of late improved, nndWis'fblo daily to enjoy a walk in the " LjvjVls, Ho finds amusement in quoting rite passages from Shakespeare, and visits by Mis. Chippendale, ho is fond of addriising her as Lady Teazle, evidently rdOTttWh'" himself onoo more as Sir Petor. Mr.'Cftippendale, is the oldest aotor living. He was <»n the stage for slxty-ono years, and « now eighty-six years old, m J&v; i/i.d(®h - tVwjffijeoeiitly ^ Op|H House. During the second act of Fo*ift-Mo-Not somo slight commotion wasfobsurvod in the gallery, caused, it is belUyud, by tho suddon illnoss of somo un Known person. In a moment the wb$iv audience, which iillocl ovory corner 'of;™ thuatro, rose as by a sudden impulse df'iSSu', and turnod to tho doors. Por tutiMCly Miss Glonoviovo Ward and Mr. Virmm, who were on tho stago. showod th0'ifio3t perfect composure, butitneedod ashmit of command to sit down from Mr, Veif$>n, lopoatod sevoral timos, boforo tho mattf was arrostod. In a few seconds complete calm was restored, and the play nwW'detl; hut a torrlble dangor had ■ D00a| averted by the solf-oommand of Mi^jWard and Mr. Yornon, and another IctiKm given on the neoossity of the p^Due to understand how they imperil itBrnkafoty by blindly yloldlng to asonso JwHrod uuroasoning fear, Ik lloyat Commission appointed by th#W*.S.\V. Government, to top oft on pin#, of puljHo amusement In Sydney qdnffij'"11 suvornl of the thontroa na being alMgetlior unsafe, Somo of tho buildings dndwd, It ia aalcl, require bo bo rooon slrflotod altogether, The report also sug gora that lloonaoa aboitld bo grantod for oSwpor amusomouta, whovo liquor might MlBd uiulur oortaln roatrlotlona, ; am glad to hoar that Frank W oston, |u linpoi'lal and diamond studs usod ho familiar at Gfavton's and CJlom« Ih not doad after all, Frank Is In |i Africa, and fast rooovorlng both his fh and Ida forbunoa, Latost advises that tho gonial Inventor of tho fnparablo Wizard Oil, Is noting as bona utunagor for his old friond t ulor, who has boon making lots of jfcy at tho Oapo with n Minstrel Show, is known of Rlahard Wagner that onco composed at Magdoburg tho Jo for a.faroo, bub it la laaa known that Dao trlud his gonitis at an onoiotta, I autograph of Rlohavd Wagner's lual notoa has juat appeared, entitled If from " his oporotta " La JJimoontu lr/ Court !Uv, '.Iho plooo was, howovor, |r ihilshud; Wagner began writing It Hat Carlo when ho waa auil'orlng actual want, In his oommunlea to a 1'rlond tho eom poser said, " I iuvon proimrod to com pose tho mualo I vulgar vaudovlllo (.Dumnuolr's) for a jtru on tho .Boulevard, bub did not lucd on uooounb of the jealousy of joy takers," This remark aooms to to thy Inoomplotod pluco muiitloiiod inv Australia luva mltmod noolng Mw IKtry Is tliitu explained by Lliu ivbm |/; Ifmtlti i—•' Mvtt. 'Liuigtry'tt aiwwur in suit brought against hur Tor ilam _ for I'aUuro to play an engagement hi Itiullu bus boon lllod In tho Unltoil |uh Ulroult Court by lu>r luwyurs, prs, I'tatt and llowurs, 'I'lui milt In light by Ah llnynian, anolllary ad |lNtrulnr undor tho will ol! Morris fuiwall, ikiuoiiHod, Hbo admits that ioutorud into a uontraot with Mr, uiuvall to not:tor 1(1 woulcn In Aus« |a hi tHH-l, but sayii that without hor hvludgu and oonsont Mr, Clroonwall Istutvud tho uontraot to Williamson, Dun', and MuHgrovu, whlnli traiiHt'or, lulalam, annullod I ho agrnoinont, IVn t' I, It Is ulahmid, It was stipulated that Iumj oC thu defendant's Illness tho eon It should bo null and void, In tho Ingot 1881 Mrs. Uiugtry says, In hor jivur, slio booamo 111, and was obllgod Imturn to Hhigland to rogalu hur 11'KM t'liYibu Noun," a drama wliloh I'dwsys boon popular In A mitral la an lily all that touohtmoii horses or raolng ■was lavlvod at thu (laloty Tlioatre, Inoy, this ivook, Among- the passongars by a recent,mail steamer to Australia wna Mrs. Charles Wyndham, a lady well-known in thea trical and fashionable circles in London and wife of the theatrical manager of that name. Mrs. Wyndham,-finding Sydney very warm after leaving an English autumn, immediately loft fox* Katoomba, where she now remains." " T.hk daughter of Horr Bandmahn, Millie Bandmann Palmei', will shortly make lior debut at Dresden, playing Lady Eagle in " The German Chamberlain, and will afterwards go to Berlin. Ridiculous reports are current in London about tho rohearsals of the Gil bert and Sullivan opera at tho Savoy. It is quite true that nobody la allowed at rehearsals, but there is no present secret about tho names of tho oharaotors, al though thoao names may possibly bo changed by Mr. Gilbert before porform anoe. A oopy of tho dlaloguo, too, has already boon sent by Mr. Gilbert to his American manager. The east as at pre sent settled is as follows :—Robin, Mr. Groaamith *, Sir Despnrd Murgatroyd (the brother who is compelled by tho will of his anoostors to bo wicked), Mr. Rutland Barrlngton j Richard, a sailor, Mr, Lety | Sir Rodoriok Murgatroyd, a ghost, Mr, Richard Temple j Rose, a vlllago maiden, Miss Loonox-a Braham j Mad Margarot, with " that blessed word Barnstaple," Miss Jessy Bond i Ilanah, a broken-down lady, Miss Brandram j with Mr. Rudolph Lewis and Miss Ftndloy in subordinate fiarU. The soafaring oloment on tors argoly into tho piooo, and so, as to tho musio, doos a parody of the Wagnerian stylo, In tho course of his evidence In tho ease of Central Board of Hoalth v. Williamson, hoard at tho District Court on Monday, Mr. J. Moore, tho treasurer of tho Tliontro Royal, gave tho following comparative statomont of tho xolatlvo numbers who attended tho Thoatro Royal on Boxing night 1883 and 138(1 J — 1885, pit and gallery, 1710 j 1880, pit and gallery, .1010 j 1883, uppor olrolo, 887 j 188(1, uppor olrolo, 708 j 1885, stalls, 80!) j 1880, stalls, 077 j 1885, dross olrolo, 811 j 1880, dross oirolo, 250. Mwssits, G, Dal'/ilol and J, Tyroll will shortly loaso tho Galoty Thoatro, Sydney, for a season, whon thoy intond to produoo an ontlvoly now ancl faroloal ooiuody ontltlod "Goliath," Tho nlooo has boon a suooqss In Amorioa. Thoy will also produoo twodraraas ontltlod "Quoon of tho Turf," or "A Run of Luck," nud "One of Two," Mill Hurry Saint Muur stutos that owing to tho shortness oE notloo provontlng hlui altering previous arrangements, ho was unublo to uoeopt tin oll'or oE Messrs, Mujoronl unci Wilson, muclo him by bole grnm hub wook, bo produeo somo o£ his now ubtrooblons In a Eonr wooks' season ut bho l3ljou Thantro, Melbourne, A HATuwk good bhlug is told oE nn oooontrle uotor-raunugor who whs woll known In fcho north or lilnglund, Ono oE Ills groat pooullurltlas was that he eoulcl novor oonvorso on buslnoss m,ubtors, no matter how brlviul, with any oE't'ls'flora puny, VVhubovor might bo bho subjoob nclvanood, lb nlwuys brought Eorth bho otio roply, " T. will wrlto you u lotbor on bho subjoob I " Jtlohvlion whs played ono night with tho lottov-wrlbtng miinugor uu bho Cardinal, A novlao wan oust Eor tho King, All wont Eulrly well bill bho soono hi tho Eorlh nob, wlion blio King burns on bho .Ourdlnul with u borranb o£ Invooblvo, and so oxoltod did ho boebuio, bhub In tho midst oE his uoousutlons liosuddenly lost ovory word, unci stood bhoro helpless unci spooohloss, Tho prompt whs oE iiq uso nil hud gono, As In u drouni, ho orossocl ovor bo bho llrsb oribrnnoo, wlion, to tho iimusoiuont ol! ovory ono, ho burnod unci sulci, "My Lord Ourdlnul, 1' hud uiuoli itioro bo suy to you, bub nob now, 1. will wrlto you u lobtor on bho subjoob I" » .lay Gilbert and Sullivan's latest vill bo produood, and anew tenor ijiiuno are coming out to holp us to .jonect idea of wliat the now work jprner, Williamson, and Musgrove iul'ii endeavoring to persuade Miss 'erapost to pay a visit to the but the lady requires the per >t" a salary of ifi">0 a week, whloh Williamson and Oo, consider too OicnirTETi will only remain In Hng fow months, and return here In iher. Ono of his short musical .tions, Charity Begins at Home, Is played as an afterpleoe to Blllee Ir, ,■ j latest production of the rooliauffa i now In vogue at the Princess', Is Ulie. When this oporn was first; : la,own to Melbourne audienoes was—in addition to the charm of ftv—a mora subtle charm, that ex ;o flavor of originality whlah gave It same of tlio "fairy" opera, and made lone rush to see It, deride it when paw it, and pay It another visit the J after, more desirous than over, Eibly tho seoncry—both aoourato and tlfu'l—and tho airy tastefulness of jrussos helped to bring about this ft, not to speak of tho oxoellent oast panic tors. But In the present pro Jon thcro is n difference, People do lush to soe lolautho, |i dit that Miss Elsa May Is to bo the I// ilnnva of the Williamson, Garner, tMusgrova opora aompany, Probably jwlll appear In Molbottrno In Billoe For, in whioh Mr, lSlton also takes a pg part, Iik monutnont to Mozart In the sub Jn ceinotery of St, Marx, Vienna, la go transferred to tho new municipal fo.vnrd known as the Oontral Frlodhof, I will bo placed noxt to the tombs of hi be it and Hoothovon, Tho cost is pmtod at 1,000fl, The exact spot Ire Mozart's remains wore deposited is [known, His funoral was attended single friend, his gravo was forgotten Host as soon as it closed on his oollln, I It has tnkon the town of Ylonna lost a century to find a sultablo site |thu monument of tho gront ooraposor, C'ai.outta correspondent writes i— ,.u thoatras avo commanding to allow Is of llfo, Tho season waa opened by iSuloiigor company at the Corinthian Intro. Their ourour waa, hownvor, but rlt'f ono, unci thoy only gavo nbont r purt'ormuucios, playing Tito Mikado Tim L'l rates of PenaanoQ. I waa not 111 Hui'pilflocl at tlioli' leaving ao soon, lllw oumpnny, oonalatlng oE about six lomioi'st, uHHlfitod by aupova hurriedly !iod together and Imporfootly drilled, Itl through tho ploooa In a atylo that really bunonth criticism, and, beyond wlnir an overflowing houao on tholr slug night thoy rcoolvoc'l very little tluir patronage. Soratoh aompattloa oE | description undertaking to produoo noitunt ploouH aro unEortunatoly only Iwiiiumm la India, and tonc'l to Injure Btlrloal buttlnuiia In thla aountry, The khu 17 w mint I Is aa follows i—llnU'-u Itm oi: iho minor auxiliaries of a largo Ttpuny, (hiding thuiusolvus stranded at [imd oi! thuHuaHon, assuntblu themselves an " epura boull'o, uomody, and bur nt iioinpany," and undertake a t rlum piogross through the Indian uitifuaxil lonn whleh ooirospoiuls to the pro ms. I'luldng up tho llotsam and jot it' the theatrical profession who may Ipuii to lie dispersed about the eountry jslnj? a pi'uearlous livelihood at I,lie Kieniurtcm and In the bllUard-vooms of I mtifttfwll, tliuy undurlako to produoo gu m i d eoiiilu operas and all other popu l ilriunaUo works whleh are plaood at ilr inerey by thu absunuo of dramatlo Ivhtht lasvs la India, Andlenees of iHph'lng but voolforoiiH soldters at the llmm military uautonmeuts ball their {}!"}' Ufl 11 wolocnno relief, and 111L tholr iuhh whilst oiuiouraglng tlielrdramallo aspirations. So far, perhaps, no great harm is dona, as mofussU audiences are not over exigent j but when these com panies take it upon themselves to appear at tho largo metropolitan theatres of Cal cutta and Bombay, whero fashionable and refined audiences usually fresh from witnessing the latest successes at homo aro to bo found, tho business becomes a transparent and impudent imposition. I have dwelt at so much length upon this subject beoauso of lato Onlcnttn has been almost entirely at tho mercy of strolling players such as I have described, so that tho prospects of good oom panics are materially injured, However, I am glad to be able to turn to a company which has just oponod in Calcutta, and which aortainly cannot bo classed in the same aatogory as thoso I have just referred to, I allude to tho Stanloy opera company, a fairly comploto and well organlsod troupe whioh has found its way here from Aus tralia, The company, which was originally a juvenile one, now oomprlsos several grown-up young ladles and gentlemen who seetn likely to booomo popular in the country, Their season oponod at tho Thea tre Eoyal with Tho Pirates of Pan/.anae, which has boon sucaoodod by tho Mikado, Both pieces have boon fairly vvolL pro duced, and have drawn good housos, Among tho porformars Miss Amy Chtlds is llko to boaomo a favourite, as she pos sesses an oxoollont volao and a good style of singing. Miss L, Sohlorlka, who played Yum-Yum in tho Mikado, possesses a graoaful and agreeable manner combined with a good kriowlodgo of stago business, and shows ovory indloatlon of developing into a painstaking and attractive artist. Mr. Prank Plotoher, a reoont addition to tho company, made a good Pooh-Bah, and also did woll as tho Plrata King, Tho other gontlemon of tho company do not seem to havo boon solootod qulto so hap pily, Mr, R, Stophonson murdared tno part of Ko-Ko by an amount of bufoon ory and faeloal contortion which would havo found their proper plaoo in tho dramatic sphora of Mr, Morryman. The lilforma of Homo glvpa further dotalla In oonnoatlon with Vardl's now oparn, In a lottor from Milan, datod Nov, 20 s—" To-day thu Improaaarlo Oanorl algnod tho oontraob for tho Imraodlato reproduction of Otollo at tho Oostamd, Ho will pay 2,000 frnnoa for oaoh ropro aontatlon, ongaglng to give at least six, Vurdl la to rooolvo 100,000 frnnoa from Muaara, Hloordl, and tho half of! tho anlo of aonta boaldoa, Snladlno la just now at work on tho pianoforte aaoro, Tho od« Itlon will ho roady for tho day of tho (hat porformanao. Farmrlo'a dooorntlons and lildol's ooatumoa will boroproduood at tho Ooatan/,1, Tho Intorprotora will bo tho aamo as at tho Soala, namoly I'antaloonl, Tamagno, and Maurol," Deatjih.—At llronl, Ooaaro Oaalraghl, aonduotor and oompoaor of oporottaa, agod 'ID, At bologna, by his own hand. Alborto I'anoaldl, a barltono slngor, agocl U2, At Strnaburg, Oharloa P'rltaohl, oboo playor, At llaraolona, at an advanood ago, Fiona d'Angrl, formorly a brilliant contralto atngor at Molnnlgen, lludolf JQngolhnrdb. opora and oonourt alngor, agod '111, At Flohy, Dupany, formorly oonduotor at tho thoatroa of Antwerp and Vorvlora, agod Ml, At Llogo, I.amborb Clulllaumo, formorly drab violin ab tho thoatro, for tlilrty-tliroo years professor of alnglng at the AbluUuio, agod 70, Ab Now York, on November 7, Ghnrloa Frao« dol, pianist, boaohor, and oompoaor, agod Ofl, Ab f'raguo, <Toaofl I^oow, planlab and oompoaor, agod Ml, Mu, J, !F, Owen, tho author of tho pantomlmo of Aladdin for tho Lolooator Thoatro Hoyal, la eugagod upon a now burloaqtio, Tho uaino author la also writing lip a drama for Mr, Oharloa Hermann, and Is bo wrlto an oiiblroly now play for bliu latter gentleman, with btio tlblu of .TJanovltal, 