CHAPTER XXXI. HOODWINKING BILLY. Nick had not been seated lon£ when he heard a heavy hurried footstep coming along the gravel walk towards the house. The step came up the porch ßtairs and across the porch to the front door. Then followed a lond double knock and a single knock. "The signal," muttered Nick. "That must be my friend Billy." He listened more intently than before. There was not the faintest sound in the house. Billy for it was he, waited but a short time, and then rapped again, this time trying to push open the door. Another short interval was followed by a volley of oaths and the signal was given in a series of vicious kicks. " Either they have left the house or are afraid to go to the door," thought Nick. " What the duce is the matter in there ?" yelled Billy, in a furious tone. " Open this door or I'll kick it down. It's me-Billy Desmond-d'ye hear ? Open I say." And, getting no response, the angry ruffian pro- ceeded to put his threat into execution. I'd like to take you in hand, my wild beast, and thoroughly tame you. I feel just like it to-night," muttered Nick savagely, " but I suppose the best judgment is to make use of you. So I'll get out of the way and let you find out what you can. I'll stick by you, and I'm mistaken if you don't lead mo to them." \ As he spoke Nick slipped out of the room and took refuge in a closet at the end of the hall. Billy's furious kicks soon had the desired effect, and the ruffian, more than ever angry, rushed into the house cursing like a madman. He went first to the room Nick had just left. Pinding no light there, he called outs " Hello Jane !" Receiving no answer, he called again. He ran up stairs and called. He w ent down stairs and called. "Skipped1" he growled, as he came npstairs. " Where are they ? I'll pay 'em for this. That white livered skunk of a Dave leaves me in the lurch, and now the whole lot of 'em's gone. If it's a plant on me, I'll murder them-every mother's son of 'em, I will." " Oho ?" thought Nick, " then Billy doesn't know where to find them. And they- my goodness! I forgot-they «think I killed him, of course. So then, unless there is some regular rendezvous, he won't know^ where to find them. "Wait! wait! Nifk. What was ¿lu> t Mansfield said about Forty-third street house ? There's your chance, now make use of it." ' Watching an opportunity when Billy was making an extra loud noise as he continued his search, ' Nick slipped noiselessly along the hall and out at the door. " Now then," thought Nick, I'm satisfied they're ' not in the house. They certainly did not go out by the doors ; both were bolted on the inside. They 1 could not have gone by the windowa, for even if I they could have escaped my hearing, they would have taken so long that I must have seen them. If they are not in the house, then, they have gone out by some secret passage. Not at all unlikely, for they seem to have such things in readiness. If Billy knew of the passage, he has forgotten it. And that is not at all unlikely, either, he's in such a rage. I'll see how much I can find out." Horan quietly toward the entrance of thegronnds, and began to make some hasty changes in his dis- guise. It took him but a few minutes to convert him- self into «, very good specimen of a hack-driver. The moment that was done he opened and ¡ slammed the gate, and then ran noiselessly along the path to the house. He scuffled over the porch and rapped the signal on the door with a roughness copied after Billy. Billy heard the signal for he called out, gruffly : "Why don't you come in? The door's open. Where the duse have you been ?" "Hello!" shouted Nick. "Who are you?" " Who should I be P " Who are yo« ?" " Come out hore and see, if you want to know ?" growled Nick. " I ain't goin' into no house as dark as this here." Billy carne alo»g the hall, with an oath at each step. " What d'ye want ?" ha demanded. " Are you Billy Desmond ?" " Suppose I am, what then ?" "I ain't supposin' anything. I want to see Billy DesarotTd, an' when I see him I've got some thin' to Bay to him, that's all." " I'm Billy Desmond." " Maybe you are, an' maybe you ain't. If you are, you can name a name. If it's right I'll tell you sornetbin'. If it ain't you can whistle for it." " What kind of a job's this ? What do I know about your name !" " AU right, then, yo«, ain't Billy Desmond, an' I bids you a good-night. " Come back here. What*s the matter with you, anyway ? Don't I tell you I'm Billy Desmond ?" " Taas, you do ; but what's to hinder you a-sayin' you're the President? I don't know you. The man says to me, says he ' Johnny, if he can't say who the message is from don't you give it to him. Now mind.' An' if you can't give me the name you ain't Bill Desmond-not for my money, anyway." Billy's head waa not remarkable for its contents, but by this tinto an idea had come to life there. " Oh," ho exclaimed, "is it Gilbert ?" "That's the ticket," Cried Nick, "An' this is what Gilbert says, says he. " Tell him we had a caller we didn't like, and that we'll sleep to-night in Forty-third street." " Oh, yes, to bo sure," exclaimed Billy. " When was this ?" " 'Bout an hour or so ago. I druv' 'em to the elevator at Hundred an' Fifty- fourth street." " Where from-here ?" " Naw. I wuz goin' along kind o' slow like, when all of a suddint the hull crowd on 'em got right up like ghosts. I don't know where they come from. Way off toward there." NickVwaved his hand in a sort of circle, so as to be surcToñ covering all the points of the compass. " Oh, yes,Ajäaid Billy, "I forgot about that* How many of 'em was there ?" " Five. Two women an' thro* men." " One little maa ?" "Taas." Billy muttered a curse. "All right," he said. "They paid you I s'pose." " I sh'd smile. Tou don't think I'm a Moomin' idjit to go runnin' around all night fer Billy Des- mond for nothin*. I guess not. Howsomever, I ain't got not pride 'bout takin' a triflo more." " Take it when you get it," growled Billy. " I'm dead broke. Got your hack here ?" "What dy'e take me for? Naw, I ain't no mounted p'lice. I put 'em up 'fore I came. Ta-tm Billy. Hope you got ten cents fer the elevator, so' .you won't have to walk down to Forty-third." And Nick hurried away, as if anxious to get home. He had evidently been right in his surmises. There was a rendezvous in Forty-third street, and thero was a secret outlet from this houses \ CHAPTER XXXII. » HUNTING FOB BTHBLV «,,., > ¿\ \, What was necessary now was to follow BillyJiAlie went to Forty-third streot, which he was very likely to do, if only to have it out with Dave for deserting him. Moreover, ho must prevent Billy going into the house, or ke would be sure to speak of thehackman and so betray the fact that Nick was aware of their hiding place, supposing that they had really gone there. Billy was evidently not quito, as ho expressed, "dead broke," for he walked over to the North River, and there took a train for the Forty-second street depot. Nick made some trifling changes in his disguise as he followed Billy, and had no hesitation "in getting into the same car with him. He followed him into Forty-third street, and pre- pared a sponge with chloroform as he went. Billy knew the house well, for he wont directly toit. He was half way up the stoop, when Nick ran up the street after him, calling softly : " Billy I Billy Desmond !" "Well?" " Came back here, quick." "What'llI come back for? Who aro you any- how ?" Billy lowered his voice, and cams down two or three steps. " Never mind who I am, but you ought to know," Nick assumed Mansfield's voice. "Dave has given the whole thing away. The fly cops dropped on us up above there. We got away by the secret passage. They were lying for us down here, and Gilbert and Mrs. Waldron were nabbed." Billy had come down the stoop, and was walking up the street by Nick's side. "How did you give em the slip ?" asked Billy. I Nick had been glancing up and down the Btroet. Nobody was m sight. " I ?" he answered. " Why, I-" His chloroform sponge suddenly covered Billy's mouth and nose, and after a short struggle the ruffian became as limp as a rag. As he had hoped, it was not long before a police- man came along on his beat. Nick from across the street could see all that followed when the guardian of the law came upon the prostrate body of a man evidently dead drunk. " Come, get up !" he commanded. " Get up !" He ¿dckaf B\lí., " You won't'- eh ? Well, I guess you will." And forthwith he began to pound the solos of Billy's feet with his club. " Ain't you goin' to get up ?" ho demanded, in a few minutes. " I'll take you in." Billy, however, was a pretty heavy load, and the policeman dropped him-not very gently-and went to the corner and called for assistance^. Between the two policeinen Billi was removed, and Nick was left master of wflfïeln. He now ran hastily up the stoop-al thoJhoi)Be he had decoyed Billy from, and gave the bell »violent pull. ' A stout, benevolent-looking woman opened the door. " Does a Mr. Gilbert live here ?" Nick asked this in a breathless life-and-dcath Bort of way. " You wants him P" Nick's quick eye had caught sight of a head over the baluster upstairs. Ho answered in the same fashion as he had first spoken: " A man in the Chambers-street hospital ., calla himself Billy Desmond. He keeps askin' for Gilbert all the time. I went up to High Bridge first. There wasn't nobody in the house lie sent me to. Then he said come here. I guess he's [ dyin." " What's the matter with him ?" It was Gilbert who spoke as he came down the stairway. " He's stabbed fearful." " Who did it f" " Hp says he did it himself, 'canso his gal went back on him." " How did he get to the hospital ?" " Cam» himself, I think. I dunno. You'll go, won't you ? I can't stop ; I want to get home." " Perhaps I'll go." " Oh ! He wanted me to say that if you didn't seem to want to go, to tell you that he's to tell somebody the girl's name, an' if you don't come, he'll tell the hull thing to the doctor. Good- night !" Nick ran down tho stoop and hurried away, only to return, however, as soon as he heard the door close. He took up his position opposite, and as ho had expected, Gilbert was not long in coming ont. Nick meanwhile had been re-arranging his diB gnise to look as smart as possible, and as it was not a very elaborate one, he soon had ready. Again he ran up the steps and rang the bell. As before, the stout woman opened the door. "Has a messenger from Chamber's street hospital been here to-night for a Mr. Gilbert ?" "Yes, sir, not five minutes ago. Mr. Gilbert has only just gone." v "The messenger wa« goner so long that the sick man became uneasy and was a, little out of his m^nd. Talked about being deserted, and vowing to hare vengeance. His oaths are simply dreadful." "Inone of his rational moments he asked for his wife, and for some persons called Dave and Mansfield. He said he must see' them as well as Gilbert. " Ho used dreadful threats if they did not come. He seems to have something on his mind, and swears he will make them sorry if they do not como to seo him. Are you Mrs. Gilbert?" " Ye-ye-es, sir." It was a chance question, and without any real purpose except to seem natural; but Nick was delighted with the answer. " And do you know where these people this roan Desmond talks of can be found P I was sent fco look for them, for the man is evidently dying, and I would like to notify them." " I know where they live, and if you wish, I can send them word," said the woman who had re- covered her presence of mind. rv i " Will you send at once ?" " This very minute." " Thank you. Then I needn't stop here. I am wanted at the hospital." Again Nick watched, and presently Mrs. Waldron and Mansfield came out of the House and walked rapidly away. Dave did not go. Was ho afraid of Billy's wrath for having desert him ? Nick pulled off all disguise now ; but made him- self look seedy and disheveled. For a third time he rung the door-bell. The stout woman's face wore a worried expression when she opened the door. " Is Dave in ?" asked Nick. " Dave who ?" Nick looked at the woman suspiciously. " Never mind," he said after a pause. " I guess I mode a mistake." He turned to go. "Don't be in such a hurry. What do yon want , with Dave ?" " Oh, no, I can't be caught that way," cried Nick, with a knowing look. " I don't give myself away like that. Ta-ta." " Stop I tell you. Dave isn't in ; but I'm expect- ing him every minute." " What're you givin' me ?" " It's straight. I know Dave." " Prove it." " How can I ?" "Who's hispáis?" "Billy Desmond's one." "Eightyou are. 'Nuff said. I'll walk in and wait. When'U he be here ?" " I'm not certain ; but pretty soon." " Got the gal here ?" " What girl ?" " Oh come now. I'm onto this racket, I'm fly." " Who are you ?" The woman was becoming uneasy. Nick, too, wished to liastjn matters, lest some- body should come and Bpoil his chance, so ho answered coolly : " Who am I ? Why, I'm the detective who has given that precious husband of yours and the rest of thom so much trouble, and if you will kindly look into the barrel of this revolver you will see that I mean business." The woman sat like one paralyzed, and did no- thing but atare open-mouthed at Nick. " If," went on Nick, " you want to save yourself trouble, you will take mo at once to Ethel Waldron." " She isn't here. I'll take my oath she isn't," protested the woman. " You will please to lead the way through the house, so that I can satisfy myself. And lot mo warn you, madam, that I am very much in earnest, and, though you are a woman, if you try to play mo any trick I'll shoot you." " I give you my word she isn't hore." " I'll take your word after I've made my search," said Nick, firmly enough, though he was somewhat shaken by the woman's manner. Preceeded by Mrs. Gilbert, Nick made a thorough search through the house, not passing even the cellar ¡ but no sign could ho find of Ethel. " Where is she hidden ?" demanded Nick. He was in an agony of fear lest she had been made away with. " Indeed, I don't know where she is." " She was taken out of the house at High Bridge when your husband and the rest fled." ,. , " But she got away from them." " Well," said Nick, " I can't find her here ; but you may tell your husband from me that if one hair of that girl's head is injured he shall suffer for it a thousand-fold. I am not done with him yet ; and tell him, too, that I can always put my finger on him when I want him." " Oh, sir," pleaded the woman, " I would not dare to tell him you had been here. He would nearly kill me. The woman was certainly sincere in that, and Nick was rather glad his visit should remain a secret. Perhaps, after al', the ./oman told the truth, and Ethel was free. He fervently hop.?.! it might be so. At any rate the:'e was nothing for him to do there, and he hurrit<d uway. Two important ^itonis of information he had gained. One was a complete knowledge of the Forty third street house, and the other was the fact that Mrs. Gilbert was afraid of her husband, and, if Nick was not mistaken, she also hated him. (To be Continued.) 