THE RIVAL ESTABLISHMENTS. By Ettik Eogers. ; AM sure all my customors will go to him, Katie! II His store will be bigger and belter than mire, and T perhaps cheaper, too! Of course my trade will w|| he ruined !" cried the little Widow Leroy, almost ; wringing her hands in her dismay as she gazed at a near corner where workmen were busily engaged fitting up the lower portion of a large building for what she had learned was to be a toy-store. Mrs. Leroy felt her woes multiplying interminably , — a more showy and commodious establishment in . competition with her own narrow and stuffed little booth of a place must certainly and disastrously a£f ct her own business — the modest trade which afforded her the only means of an humble maintenance, she reasoned. " His show-window will be almost as big as my whole place." she continued in consternation. " My customers with plenty of money will go where tliey can buy the most attractive articles, of course ; and those who have less will quote bis cheaper prices and baggie with me until I shall beggar myself or keep all my new holiday stock unsold. He might have selected a another neighbourhood, where lie could have established just as good a business, and without ruining the trade of somebody else, I should think." " He had a right to locate wherever be preferred, though," said Kat.y, a dainty rosebud of a girl, who was rather indifferently contemplating the freshly painted and appointed building which ended a long row of lolty tenements. " I don't dispute his right," Mrs. Leroy answered, pathetically ; " But he might have some regard for the rights of others. I have invested my last dollar in my holiday stock, and if L do not sell the goods we shall be in actual want before the winter is over." " But then, mamma, he was not likely to know that," Katie said, soothingly. " And if he had known, his conscience wouldn't have troubled him any, 1 dare say," was the somewhat bitter response. " If he wanted to do what is only just, he would offer to purchase my stock and allow me the profit of which his store will deprive me." " He might do that yet, if somebody would suggest the matter to him," Katie said, brightly. " There is nobody who would he willing to suggest anything which would be of advantage to us," Mrs. Leroy sighed, still more bitterly, " And I am sure I should never have courage to go to him myself." " Well, I have the courage," Miss Katie avowed, with all the tender of her sixteen years. " He can do no worse than refuse ; lie can't eat me, and I am not afraid of his laughing at me." " If you really don't mind going, Katie, you will have an excellent opportunity just now," her mother said, but not very encouragingly. " His carriage is just stopping at the corner store, and he may be less occupied now than later." In an instant Katie had donned hat and wrap, and, with a bright colour in her cheeks and a bright light in her pretty eyes, was flitting down and across the street to the corner store. But she was not destined to interview the proprietor of the rival establisement after all ; for she had scarcely gained the opposite pavement, when the carriage started and bowled rapidly away. " But I dare say he would not have listened to her, anyhow," murmured the mother, who was half-hopeful and half- despondently watching from behind the counter of her tiny store. " And, as I live, the child has met that Davy Blancliard again," she added, with as much of a frown as her fair plump, pleasant features were capable of producing. Mrs. Leroy was decidedly and emphatically averse to Davy Blanchard. The young fellow was too fond of Katie, and she could not permit Katie's affections to be fixed upon an ordinary mechanic ! Her young daughter was pretty enough and good enough to mate with somebody who had the superior qualification of money, at least, she decided, with maternal pride and prudence. " And I have forbidden her to encourage him in any | way,'' Mrs. Leroy thought uneasily, as she disapprov- I ingly regarded the two, who seemed very earnestly j discussing some interesting topic — Katie with cheeks | like damask roses ; the young fellow with mastery in I his smile and in his attitude of athletic grace, j " Katie ! Katie ! Catherine !" she called, with as j severe an inflection as was possible to her characteristi- | cally mild tones, and with a distinctively Bharp tap ) upon the only window-pane accessible among a medly j of gilded horns, gorgeously trapped rocking-horses, marvellous sleds and wonderful dolls, and sundry other lantastic and fascinating articles indispensable to ! holiday traffic. " Yes, dear niamme," answered Katie turning readily, \ and. looking charmingly unconscious of any delinquency. \ " I am unspeakably grieved, Katie, that you will persist in disobeying me in regard to a young man in | every way unwoithy your notice," said the mild little mother, mustering her unwonted force of authority and rebuke. " I fear, Katie, you did not care so much j about seeing the other gentlpman at all — you only 5 wanted a pretext to get out and see Davy Blanchard." I " A pretext !" Katie repeated, with supreme scorn, I " I wouldn't condescend to anything so small and | cowardly. If I wanted to see my Davy, I should of ?aid so — and 1 am not certain I should not have gone, loo," she concluded, with a little wilful toss of the bonny brown head. " Oh, Katie, how can yon be so headstrong and heartless ? How can you make yourself such a trial to me? and when I was in such trouble about the store, and trade, and everything ?" complained Mrs. Leroy, seeming ready to sob with an overwhelming sense of her multifold and undeserved afflictions and injuries. " You are to have no more trouble about the store, mother mine," Katie said, consolingly, and with some compunction, as she bent to caress the bowed head — scarcely less brown and bonny than her own. " Davy thinks be can manage the matter. He is very friendly with the owner of the corner store — they are related somehow — and he says yon need not worry. He was just telling me who the gentlemai is, when you called me." "Now, Katie, all that is nonsense," Mrs. Leroy said, with no diminution of displeasure. " An ordinary young man like Davy Blanchard is not lib-ly to have any influence with substantial gentlemen of money ; he has only wanted to be plausible ; he only wants to obtain my favor in some manner. But his pretences will never impose upon me, Katie." " Davy would not attempt to impose upon anybody,'' Katie protested, indignantly, " And there is no use being so hostile to him, either ! I love him, and Davy loves me. We mean to wait for your favor, of course ; but all the same, I shall be Davy's own wife some time." " Oh, now can you he so cruel and unruly ?" Mrs. Leroy whimpered helplessly. " Young people were very different when I was a girl. In those days young men did not t« aeh daughters to defy their parents, and young women were always submissive to wise counsel. But times have changed ; and I have lived to be made miserable by the disobedience of my only child." " 1 should say you are making yourself miserable ; and all about nothing, too," Katie replied, just the least bit dryly as she bent and kissed the yet unwrinkled face, all wet with fretful tears. " And here conns a customer," she supplemented, as footfalls sounded on the broad wooden steps outside. Mrs. Leroy arose hurriedly to withdraw her agitated self within her humble apartment beyond the tiny store, but even as she arose a gentleman entered ; and she turned her reddened eyes to preceive the proprietor of the rival establishment. He had not preceived her, however, for the considerate Katie had quietly monopolized his attention at the moment, and neither observed that she had suddenly sunk back upon her chair near a sheltering curtain. " A matter has just been brought before my notice," he began, without much preliminary courtspy ; " a matter which may be incidental to any business venture." He paused for a second, erect and grey and grim, bis visage in profile, and as cold and hard as that of a ttbUUU llllUgC. " I have also learned," he resumed, presently, with an abrupt and peculiarly scrutinizing glance towards the girl, " that my nephew has proposed an alliance such as I shall not be inclined to sanction. Davy is too much of a boy to entertain ideas matrimonial just yet ; and, besides, as he is to be my heir, I naturally have my own plans for him." Again there was silence. The icy, stony profile seemed more icy, more stony still ; Katie looked greatly surprised, and resentful also ; and there was a faintlj gasping sound within the sheltering curtain where poor little Mrs. Leroy sat staring as if in a dream. " I have thought over the whole matter," the gentle man continued, in his slow, level, pitiless accents, and with his scrutinizing gaze still upon Katie, who stood motionless, her sweet eyes drooping, her face crimson from the bonny brown hair to the tip of her dainty chin. " I have thought over the whole matter ; and I am willing to be mulcted for damages to trade, I am willing to purchase your place at your own terms — upon the conditions that you remove yourself as far from Nephew Davy as possible, and that you, miss, will renounce him." " I will never renounce him," bluntly averred Katie, her eyes uplifted now, and emitting lightning flasher of indignation at what she deemed insulting, insolent and outrageous terms. " I will never renounce Davy ; nor will he ever renounce me !" " You are correct about that," said a calmer but no less indignant voice at the instant, as Davy himself stepped into the room. " 1 haven't invited myself to be your heir, uncle ; in fact, 1 haven't the smallest desire to inherit a penny of your money. I am satisfied with my independence as a mechanic ; and although I shall cheerfully wait a time for your sanction, nil the same 1 shall eventually marry whom I myself have chosen. All plans otherwise you may have for me will be failures." At such atrocious sedition, the uncle for a moment could only glare in speechless and wrathful incredulity. " Times have changed since I was a boy," he growled, at last. " In those days the young men dutifully sub mitted to the authority and advice of their elders. There were no courting and engagements without consulting parents and guardians. That the latter generation has sadly deteriorated is more than apparent." But what pale ghost was that gliding from a shelter ing curtain, confronting him with recollections of love and betrothal not unlike those which he had just so piously deplored, and belying his retrospection no less than her own of a few brief moments ago ? There was a sound — a rustle, a sigh — and he turned to become conscious of the presence of Mrs. Leroy, whose fair, plump features flushed, and paled to flush again, before his startled sight. " Where they all dutiful — the young people — in those old days, William Dayne ?" said he, quite i. noring the reminiscence which she had not so. long ago inflicted upon wilful Katie, whose young lover perhaps had become somewhat h ss ineligible in her opinion. " You fit least were, dutiful, Melinda," the gentleman answered, with a significence which seemed to hurt her. 4< Had 1 disregarded the wishes of my elders, could 1 have been more miserable, do you think ?'' said she, meaning only a plea for her young daughter, and utterly disregarding her own counsel of a little while before. " Were the wishes, then, theirs and not your own ?'' he questioned, with an expression of cut iously comming led reproach, doubt, and almost passionate appeal. " The wishes were never my own ! Oh, I always believed you must have understood that," she answered, with simple candor. " 1 believe olherwisc, however," he returned, with a sudden odd unsteadiness in his softened accents. Then both were silent, each soberly regarding the other. Time and place were forgotten ; they remembered neither years nor change. Again they were boy and girl together, betrothed lovers despite the feud between their blissfully ignorant elders ; again they were living the short sweet dream ; again they were agonizing over the estrangment whicb had embittered both their lives. And then both suddenly became mindful that there were too amazed and edified young people standing at the other end of the tiny store, and both laughed — the woman faintly, arid with the sound of tears, the man heartly and with a keen zest of something quaintly and delightfully ridiculous. " I fancy, uncle, the latter generation only repeats the follies of the earlier," Davy ventured, audaciously. " But I suppose we must defer this discussion of that theme, as I believe you are here to settle a strictly business matter." " I suggest we merge the rival establishments in one harmonious unify, " the eldpr gentleman said, with a sort of constrained hilarity, which held somehow an undertone of special gladness for the little woman beside him. And the suggestion was undoubtedly agreeable to all concerned for the grand harmonious unity was consum mated by a double wedding some time afterwards. — Frank Leslie s Illustrated. 