THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. ' I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream.' By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor ' ' A Sailor's Sweetheart,' &c; tPublished by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] ChAVTEB XIX. — COKFipENTIAi. For a whole week after tnis tne uoiaen Hope was bothered by bad weather ; once it blew so hard for some hours that, though nothing could induce Hiram to heave her to, he was forced to bend a try sail in place of the close-reefed mainsail and to drive the schooner into it with her ma,m boom lashed on the lee quarter. Yet at the expiration of a lortmgnt dating from her departure from Gravesend she had reached the parallel of forty degrees north latitude, and here the foul weather went away and left her with a light wind blowing over herport beam, and a blue sky and a blue sea with the long Atlantic swell flashing to the sun. It had been a desperately trying time for Forteseue. The companion was kept closed, and he had been half stifled in the cabin ; yet when he came on deck the wind and rain and wet soon drove him below again. Wanting the cast iron lungs of his companions, he had to give up talking through sheer incapacity to make his voice sound above the general uproar. One misery alone he had the good fortune to escape, and that was sea-sickness. Yet this fortnight of thickness and galeB did more to make a sailor of him than a couple of months of fine weather would have done. He felt it when itte stormy jame was over, and he stretched his legs upon the dry whits decks. He hardly noticed the wide heave of the swell brimming to the channels, though a fortnight before he could not have stood upright to it without holding on. There was a warmth in the sun too that promised him a brown face before long ; yet nothing, could even faintly gladden him this side of the iriand—He was bound i© accept ewjftnew of sailing ; it was always the wake he looked at to see how long it was. and on the morn ing of the break of weather, when he came on deck, the furrow astern swung sparkling to his gaze till it died out in blue distance ; for the Golden Hope was once more 'walking.' Hiram had finished what Stone had begun : and the schooner was packed to the trucks, stunsails set, and passing a deep hermaphrodite brig to windward as if she had been a buoy. The mate was below ; the skipper had charge, and Fortescue joined him in a few turns before breakfast. 'Nice morning, sir. It's come on proper weather at last, and I hope it'll stop so, I'm sure. It wasn't worth, while saying anything at the time, but I felt for ye, Mr. Fortescue, I assure you. A schooner ain't like an Indieman twenty foot high out of water. Wallowin' 's all very well for them that's seasoned, but I'm not one of those fools of sailors — chaps too nautical by a long chalk — who wonder that new-comers shouldn't feel as comfortable as they themselves do at sea ; just as if they hadn't had a begin ning.' ' Such a day as this is all the more delightful for what preceded it, captain/' answered Mr. Fortescue, looking with interest at the clean, almost yacht-like appearance of the schooner, her . sails 'white and full, her fine sand-colored length of flush- deck — brass-work flashing in stars, and Kitt, a middle-aged seaman, quietly steering, adding a peaceful detail to tile pleasant homely picture by his old world costume of a jacket over a blue shirt. 'Whereabouts are we now?' 'Well I'll tell ye, sir; if we was to head the wessel due east we'd run the Portugee coast down — whilst if we was to steer a trifle to the southward of west we'd be heaving the Western Islands into view.' The mightiness of the ocean was a more compassable thing to the curate on this fine clear morning than ever it had seemed to him when it was rolling livid and foaming and obscured ; and Weeks'smere naming of the Portugal coast and the Azores sent the clergyman's eyes wander ing to the dark blue girdle whilst he thought of the wonderful lands which lay behind it on all sides— shoreB of coral ; blue mountains lifting mantles of snow to the tropical sun ; plains, classic with de caying stone and marble memorials of vanished cities, whose glory and splendor were recited in the languages of India, of Greece, and of Italy ; sands glaring under the brassy sky with their hordes of choco late-colored men — why, such magic is there in sound that the mere utterance of the words ' Western Islands' seemed to fill the soft warm breeze with the frag rance of the orange-grove and the perfume of the lime. ' It is astonishing,'said Mr. Fortescue, ' to reflect that by the mere shifting of that tiller there we can be carried from sight to sight, from wonder to beauty, from beauty to desolation.' 'Why,' exclaimed Captain Hiram, ''taint to be done altogether by shifting the helm. The course has to be found out by staring through a sextant. Then there's dead reckonin', and there's cur rents, along with winds which it's your business to make sarviceable no matter how they blow. 'Taint only ahifttTig the helm, though I allow you couldn't manage without the tiller,' he added, evidently too jealous of the dignity of his calling and of his professional skill to permit the clergyman to fancy that the ocean was to be navigated by the rudder and nothing else. 'Of course, I only used the expres sion as a form of speech,' said Mr. Fortescue, with the light smile instantly fading. Then after a pause: 'Did I understand you to say, captain, that you have what you termed Stone's island marked down on your chart of the Indian Ocean 2' ' I have the latitude and longitude as he gave it to me, sir ; that's all that's necessary.' ' Has he ever spoken to you about his shipwreck on it ?' 'Oh yes, more nor once. 1 never knew a sailor castaway for nothen. He'll always get his whack o' jaw out of it, if no more, I never was castaway, so what Tm to talk about when I gets old I don't know. But it was lucky for Bill, I mean Mr. Stone, that that there schooner he tells of should have hulled his snow. For if she hadn't foundered he never could have known anything 'bout this island, in which case, sir, it's more'n likely ye might have hadvertised for the next twenty year without finding a man capable of saying he knew where that island was. Ye'd have got plenty o: lies no doubt : but not the truth.' ' Of course,' said Mr, Forteaeue ner vously, 'you do not suppose that Mr. Stone has made a mistake — confused the island I want with the one he was wrecked on V ' Bill's an honest man, sir, from the heel of his boot to where his hair once growed. No ! if Bill had any doubt, he'd have told yer. He was too much wrecked to make a herror. . He said to me that when he saw your drawin' it gave him a tarn. 'Twas the island itself . He couldn't ha' drawed it half as true. Bill,' he con tinued, returning from the side to which he had stepped in order to expectorate, 'is a good sailor. He's a bit old, but he's sound. There's nothen' of the playgoin' bamfoozling in him. He's not the man to stand up an' sing out, * Look here ! I'm the heart of a mainstay I hevery drop o1 blood in my veins is pure Stockholm ! hevery hair on my head is a rope yarn ! and here,' striking his buzzum, * is the breast of a ten-gun pelter ! Here I am all Nankin, but my hat, and that's brab, China direct.' That's how the bamfoozler jaws, sir, and people who know nothen about the sea think him wonderfully nautical for saying of it, But you'll never get Bill to talk such swash. He's a steady, 'spectable, and, in my 'pinion, a pious sailor ; you'll not hear a hoath come out of his mouth, and if he aint regular at his prayers, Mr. Fortescue, 'tisn't cause he's ashamed — I'll back that. His island's all right enough. There's only one question con sarning it I don't quite see.' ' What is that ?' enquired Mr. Fortes cue, noticing Hiram's side- long peer at him, and the added touch of respectful ness in his last words that rendered them almost apologetic. 'Well, it's this, sir,' answered Hiram with an effort, ' I'm but a plain seafaring man, but 1 know what's probable and what's himprobable so far as the ocean goes. Talk to me of the Flying Dutch man an' I'll laugh at you. Talk to me of a ship floating upside down in the sky and I'll say yes to it, for I've seen the sight. It's this, Mr. Fortescue, without sartin knowledge, what's set you suppos ing that the lady that was in the Indie man is on the island ?' 'It's a probability,' responded Mr. Fortescue, speaking in a low voice; 'a chance if you like — I wish to make sure of it.' 'To make sure that she is or that she isn't there, sir ?' ' Yes.' TTiram grew reflective, and presently said, ' By the time we reach the Indian Ocean a good many months '11 have gone since the indieman was burnt. D'ye sup pose, sir, that if there are men with the lady they'll keep all on waiting on that island for something to tarn up ? If there's a sailor among 'em, don't you reckon that unless they've been took off he'll have tamed to and found out some way of escaping along with the rest? That's my idea, and Stone's of my 'pinion.' ' If they have no boat—if they have no tools nor materials for getting away — how then 1' said Mr. Fortescue, but in a manner that made him feel that the skipper suspected an insincerity in his language. ' - 'SMpwreckt folk driven to extremity have performed some amazin' hexploits,' said Hiram rather drily. 'When,' continued Mr, Fortescne instinctively feeling that his companion suspected something behind his words, even whilst he talked, and now more clearly than ever perceiving that if that 'something' was not avowed, a doubt of his sanity might follow, ' when I asked Mr. Stone, at Wyloe, how people on that island were to manage if they had no boat, his answer was that their only chance would be in their making a smoke and being seen.' 'But who's to know that they haven't got a boat? Who's to know they're there? Who's to know anything about them ? I understood at the time of our starting that only one boat had been picked up and that nothen had been heard of the others.' Then, catching sight of an expression in Mr. Fortescue's face full of pain, grief, shame— God knows what : only that it was dreadfully pathetic — he added, with extraordinary energy: 'It looks a terrible liberty I'm. taking, sir ; but it's not that — I don't mean it for tliat. I'm your servant whilst this schooner's in my charge, and it's my duty to serve you. I know more about the sea than you do, sir ; and if I didn't place my sea farin' knowledge at your disposal I should be wrongin' of you. Stone and me have talked this voyage over, and our (fear is that as a landsman you mayn't have rightly considered what you've onder taken, and that you've been led into it by your feelins' and your hopes, more indeed than by . thought of your health. I'll tell ye straight, Mr. Fortescue— great as the liberty may. seem for speaking without being asked, to it — that it's impossible your voyage to Stone's island can hend in anything but disappointment. If you've set your hopes on the result, then the cruise'll land ye iller than you started. Would'nt it be ? ' he stopped dead. 'What?' enquired Mr. Fortescue gently. The man passed the back of his long hand over his mouth, and said huskily with the excitement that had urged him to a point of free speaking from which he could not now draw back — ' Wouldn't it be better, sir, to make this woyage a matter to concern your health only, and nothen else, trustin' by the time you feel sound and hearty to hear on your return that the lady's been picked up, and that all's well with her and them's that's along with her?' 'Did anyone before we left England suggest that you should say this to me ?' ' No one, Mr. Fortescue, as the Lord's my witness.' 'The idea comes wholly from your talks with Stone ?' 'Wholly, sir.' 'Very well. For the present let us drop the subject.' Hiram stepped over to the binnacle, touching his cap to Mr. Fortescue as he left him ; whilst the clergyman went to the lee rail, and stood apparently watch ing with intentness the spinning white that went past in a glorious glittering of many colors against the blue water just beyond. Presently Johnny came aft with the cabin breakfast ; Stone arrived on deck, and Mr. Fortescue and Weeks went below. No reference was made to the subject they had been speaking about. The captain was shy,- having persuaded himself that he had taken a liberty, and his face looked unusually long and leathery, whilst his eyes had a more visible obtrusion as he devoured his breakfast with many earnest but nervous squints at the clergyman. Mr. Fortescue was full of thought, and the anxiety in his mind was won derfully clear in bis face ; but there was the old sweetness in his fine dark eyes whenever he turned them upon Hiram to address him. He went into his cabin after maMng a very poor meal, and Hiram returned on deck to take charge while Stone breakfasted. He said to the old sailor as they stood together near the companion, ' William, I've been having a talk with Mr. For tescue, and feel that I've said more than was becoming in me. I was led on by the desire of saving him, for view it as you may this here woyage isn't onderstand able.' ' What did you say ?' said Stone. ' Why, I pointed out that there was no good hoping to find the lady on that there island of yours. I wanted to make him see how ridiculous it was to woyage all the way to the Indian Ocean, never touching at any place nor seeing anything on the road but salt water, on the mere hidea that the lady was on an island there. I wished him to see that you and me as seafarin' men, answerable for his comfort and safely, saw nothen but disappoint ment for him in this cruise, and that it was our duty as his servants to recom mend him a woyage that 'ud do him good and give him plenty to look at.' ' What did he say ?' ' Nothen at all — nothen to the point.' ' It wasn't long ago that I told him your views,' said Stone, with one foot on the companion step3 and thoughtfully looking at the sea, 'and he didn't seem to like it. I think if more's said to him on this subject, he'll turn to and come to the conclusion that I've been a deceiving of him in regard to the island, and that's why we want him to change the woyage.' ' Ay, that's all right,' exclaimed Hiram, pulling a tobacco pipe from his pocket, 'but if there's no real meanin' in this woyage, if no good to hhn's to come of it, ain't it our duty to try an' make him change it for a trip that'll have meaning ?' He glanced aft at the man at the tiller, took a hurried look round, and then said in a low voice to Stone, 'supposin' — ' touching his forehead. ' Well,' answered Stone, with a shrug of his round back and shoulders, ' * sup posin' as you say. We've got our orders. He's boss. Everything's right for the woyage. If I hargued at all, it 'ud only be to save him against ultimate disappoint ment. Though it's not for me to hargue neither, 'cause it was me as adwised a schooner for the woyage, and it was me that gave him my ideas on the seafarin' part of his scheme. That was,' he continued, ' because I allowed it was as much for his health as for seeking the lady ; and to tell 'ee the truth, Hiram, all along at that time I fancied there was more in him than he chose to own, because he knew all about the island, and only wanted to hear where it was. If,' said he, making as if to descend, ' he's as you think,' touching his head and speaking softly, ' why, may be he'll change of his own accord afore long and ask to be taken home again. But if he means to fetch that there island we're bound to steer him to it.' And so saying the old fellow went below. Fortescue spent some time in his cabin. 'When he came on deck Stone had the watch. The day had deepened in brilliancy and beauty ; the clouds of the early morning had vanished, the dome was violet wherever the eye looked, save where the sun shone, and in the water was the true ocean blue, with the long and regular swell crisp with the snow of running wrinkles, for the wind blew fresh and gay, which made it a kind of wonder to the clergyman, who, peering into the cerulean either that seemed to thrill in folds of moving azure as the violet eyes of a girl will to emotion, could observe no cloud or any sort of place for it to come out of. It was not hot enough for an awning ; yet the sun made himself felt out of the shadows the sails cast upon the decks. Fortescue came up with a book and seated himself on the skylight ; but if reading had been his serious intention there was too much life of light, too much of vitality in the spacious scene of creation he viewed to permit him to concentrate his mind. There was music all about him, in the rig ging, in the fountain notes of the bow wave, in the soft tinkling murmur of the wake under the counter, in the creamy purring of the white foam slipping along the bends. The brig they had passed before breakfast was far astern, silvered by sunshine to the complexion of a rising star upon the bine horizon ; miles distant on the starboard bow was the trembling glimmering canvas of another vessel hull down. It was to taste a keen and new delight for Fortescue to look aloft at the airy cloud-like softness of the schooner's canvas with the sky coming to every side of it in a sort of faint blue lustre as if the sheen in the hollows of the canvas into which the sunshine was pouring was bubbling over in liquid light and giving every sail a frame as of quicksilver. No, whatever the mood might be that was in him it was not impenetrable to the inspirations of that hour. It would be difficult to think of any form of human dejection which such a morning as this would not clothe and conceal with its beauty, or soothe with its caresses, or charm to controlment by its power of quickening the hidden springs of life and of putting into the blood the exultation you feel when the world seems glad because it is beautiful. Besides, there were some quaint and many perfect marine touches in the picture of the schooner to interest him ; such as the two fellows at work on a sail stretched along ; a seaman out at the top sail yard arm, one leg thrown over the spar, and a marlin-spike dangling at the end of a lanyard swinging with the roll of the vessel ; a man whose watch was below ' seizing' a shirt or two he had washed to a stay ; there were mutterings from the live stock ; a seaman would suddenly sing out ; you heard a clattering of dishes and the like in the galley ; or a fellow with a pipe in his mouth would jump with a spring of the elbows out of the fore scuttle and sit blinking to the light, pre ferring the deck to his bunk, But it was the quietude that made all things delight ful ; the repose of the clear, deep, darkly pure sky, the silence rising off the sea like the flashes caught from the sun and thrown upwards by each soundless swell as it rolled athwart the luminary's wake ; indeed the tranquility seemed the fuller for the seething made by the schooner's progress through the water, or by the work doing on her decks ; it was gentler and sweeter than the repose of a dead calm ; and the steadiness of the sails on high, drawing well and without a tremble in their marble-like folds, heightened the quietness, for perfect stillness was in those hollows which were impelling the vessel over the sea, and Fortescue felt it, spite of the seolian harmonies in the rigging, as he leaned back to survey the broad white fabric on high. He noticed a certain shyness in Stone's manner just as he had in Hiram's at breakfast, and easily concluded that the two men had been talking over what had passed between him and the captain. Beyond a few words, however, Fortescue had little to say to the mate till Hiram came on deck with his sextant shortly before noon, and then when the man had taken an observation Fortescue said to him, ' Captain, I want to have a little talk with you and Mr. Stone. I would rather converse in the cabin. Can you manage both of you at once to leave the deck 2' ' Oh, yes, on such a morning as this,' answered Hiram, with a peculiar glance at Stone as if he would say, ' See now if I ain't right in my supposin's.' Then ad dressing Duck, an able seaman who had come to the tiller at eight bells, he told him to keep a bright look out whilst he was below, and the three of them de scended into the cabin. Mr. Fortescue was pale, but wore an expression of determination. He seated himself on a locker, and the two seamen, putting their caps down, placed themselves opposite him. They appeared much more nervous than he. Stone, clasping his thick fingers upon the table, leaned for ward full of anxiety ; but in Weeks's un easiness there was a sort of knowing curiosity as of a man who is pretty sure of what is coming, yet wants to be quite sure, ' I have asked you below to talk with you,' said Fortescue, 'because we are not likely to be observed or overheard here, and you may think it as well, perhaps, that the crew should not know what I am going to tell you. On more than one occasion I have noticed, since we sailed from the Thames, a kind of misgiving in you touching the meaning of this voyage. I need not ask if I am right. I know I am. The mere sugges tion that we should convert this journey into a pleasure cruise proves that you deem the undertaking fanciful. Yet,' said he, with a light coming into his eyes as he looked slowly from Stone to Hiram, 'that God, whom we believe in, who is looking down upon us here, seated in the midst of these mighty leagues of water, knows that never did man embark upon an adventure more solemn, more sacred, more directly inspired by Himself than this we are now upon.' Hiram stroked his long chin; Stone continued to watch the clergyman anxiously. ' I had made up my mind to conceal the truth from you,' proceeded Fortescue, ** because I am sensitive and, on this sub ject, afraid of derision.' 'There's no call to be af eared of any thing of that sort liere, Mr. Fortescue,' said Stone, ' say what ye will, and let the subject be what it may.' 'That's so,' exclaimed Hiram. 'But,' continued the clergyman, 'I have turned the matter over, and have come to the conclusion that lack of plain speaking on my part will be unfair to you by putting an uncertainty into this voyage. There are things you cannot reconcile. If I could obtain a sketch of the island how was it that I had to advertise a reward for discovering its situation ?' 'Well, sir,' said Hiram, 'I own that that there toots a puzzler, and it still is.' ' Then,' Mr. Fortescue went on, ' what could so persuade me that the young lady £ seek is on that island as to induce me to go to the great expense of this voyage and pass many months on the sea ? Only one boat belonging to the Verulam has been accounted for, news of the other had not reached England when we sailed, and yet you find me so convinced of the truth of information coming from you know not where, that after conversing with you, Mr Stone, 1 buy this vessel and immediately start for the Indian Ocean ?' Hiram's interest was taking a new character. He was beginning to think the clergyman perfectly sound in bis mind, and not to be suspected, therefore, on that head. It was sheer curiosity with him now, and you saw it in the increased pro trusion of his eyes. Stone, imagining from Fortescue's interrogative manner that some answer was expected, said ' I was a bit puzzled. I reckoned you had got hold of this here island through talkin', and that your grievin' had set ye a fancy in' your young lady might be on it. And then I reckoned it was a matter of health likewise. And I also considered it was no business of mine to ask questions, but simply to head straight, as in this way ; you wanted to know where the island was ; well, I told yer, and why shouldn't I when I could oblige ye and put a pile o' money into my pockets besides ; next how was you to get to the island, and I told yer that too, sir, and I was agreeable to ship as mate. I'll not deny that me and Captain Weeks has talked this job over without being able to see daylight through it.' ' Let Mr. Fortescue speak, BUI,' ex claimed TTiram. ' You have said, Mr. Stone, that if the island had been drawn by one who had sketched it at sight the drawing of it I showed you could not be more accurate ?' said Mr. Fortescue gently, but with an expression of wistfulness in his face. 'According to my recollection of it, sir, the drawin' of that island's the island itself,' answered Stone, meeting his gaze steadily. ' You hear that, Captain Weeks ?' 'Why,' responded Hiram, 'it was always clear as mud in a wine-glass to me that if that there drawing of the island wasn't like the one that Bill was castaway on he couldn't have spoken to it.' 'Well,' said Mr. Fortescue, 'on the second night after the Verulam had left the Downs I dreamed of her. What I saw was a vision of what was to take place when she had arrived in the Indian Ocean. I saw her sailing along under a bright sky, then laboring in a tempest, then on fire, I then beheld a boat containing the young lady I am seeking alone under a burning sun ; and I afterwards beheld the island you were wrecked on, Mr. Stone, and saw the boat go to pieces in the surf, and some of her occupants scramble ashore. When I awoke I found this,' said he, producing the sketch, 'upon my table. I had risen and drawn it in my sleep.' 'Never heerd of anything queerer in all my life !' cried Hiram, who had been holding on to the hair under his chin, and staring open-mouthed. ' It is not likely,' continued the clergy man, addressing Stone with a melancholy smile, ' that I should]have been influenced by this dream unless it had been confirmed. Afterwards when the news came of the Veralum having been destroyed by fire, I had an interview with her third mate at Ramsgate, and he informed me that everything I related to him had happened ; nay, he supposed that some one who recollected the particulars of the disaster more clearly than he, had told me the story, for, of course, I did not tell him it was a dream.' ' Well,' ejaculated Hiram, passing his fingers through his hair, ' if this aint a start, too. Never heerd of anything queerer !' ' And this here island,' said Stone, whose complexion looked gray in the cabin-light, and who was obviously awed, ' this here island,' said he, pointing to the paper without offering to touch' it, ' was what you saw in your vision ?' 'Yes. I question if on awaking from my sleep I should have been able to re produce it so accurately as you see it here ; but having drawn it in my sleep, why, when I looked at it I vividly recalled the color and appearance of it according to my dream ; then when afterwards the news arrived to confirm the truth of what had been shown me in my slumber I felt that this island, must have an existence ; that the people whose boat had gone to pieces were on it and might perish there if help was not sent them, and I resolved when I had ascertained where the island lay to seek it.' He paused. Ihe two men stared at him with faces full of wonder and awe. He then added, in a half -beseeching manner, to which his sorrowful face and soft, datk, burning eyes imparted a singular solemnity — 'Mr. Stone, you know that that island I dreamt about is real 1' ' So help me God, yes, Mr. Fortescue,' responded the old sailor earnestly. 'And being real, though only dreamt about, and all that happened to the Veru lam being real also, though only dreamt about likewise, I ask you, Captain Weeks, I ask you Mr. Stone, is there anything — now that you know my motive in making the voyage — is there anything in this ad venture which you, as God-fearing men and Christian seamen, can question as showing that I am not acting as any other man would, who would lay down his life for the lady he seeks, for the woman who was to be his wife ?' His voice was broken as he spoke these words, and he hid his face in his hands. Hiram looked at Stone, into whose old eyes there had come a dampness. 'I've heerd of dreams in my time,' said Hiram, fetching a deep breath, ' but nothing curiouaer than yours, sir. Nothen. That there dream of a man I was ship mates with who was stannin' at the wheel one night, when his mother came along and told him to get a Bible and look at a verse in one of the apostle's hepistles whilst she held the spokes, which he did, and found something about sudden death in it, and next day he dropped down dead, ay's true as I'm sitting here — 'why, that dream which I always reckoned the won derf ullest thing that ever happened at sea, ain't to be compared with yours, sir. Call it a vision ! More like a pianerama, to my way of thinking. Eh, Bill !' 'Ay,' answered Stone, speaking slowly and with feeling, 'but what Mr, For tescue says is, ain't the wonderful dream he had accurate enough in all respects and astonishing enough also to make his un dertakin' this woyage rational ? So far as my opinion is asked, sir,' he added ad dressing the clergyman, 'my reply is, it is. An' I don't mind tolling of you, sir, that I for one am grateful for your having spoken out, for it was all as thick as muck afore, scarcely anything onderstandable in it, whilst now — why, Lor' bless my pre cious soul, what a dream ! enough to shift a man's ballast.' 'Ay, quite enough,' cried Hiram. ' It's all very well for a man to wish he could see ahead ; but I allow if the power wur offered him be'd say no, for nature's nature, an' who wants to be able to be unnatural whether he likes it or not ?' ' Only fancy, seein' a hisland ye knew nothen about, and a drawin' of it so correctly in your sleep as to make me know what it was soon as ever I set eyes on't ?' exclaimed Stone. ' Well, to be surei this here's a rum world.' ' A bloomin' rum world,' said Hiram. ' I have explained everything to you,' remarked Fortescue, 'and you two know more than Mr. Salt, Mr. Skinner, or any other person in this world saving a gentle man at Wyloe. But it has eased my mind to take you into my confidence ; and you will now understand why I re fused to discuss the idea of converting this voyage to the Indian Ocean into a pleasure cruise on this side the Cape.' 'One question, Mr. Fortescue,' said Hiram, standing up ; ' did ye see the lady on the island — I mean in your dream, bit?' 'I did — distinctly, she was helped through the surf by a man whom I knew in my sleep to be the Verulam's boatswain, and who will prove to be the same person, because the third mate informed me the boatswain had charge of one of the boats ; when she landed she fell on her knees, as if in prayer, then rose and stretched out her arms to me.' He had taxed himself beyond his powers in saying this ; in giving expression to these two rough seamen to that one over whelming image which haunted him day and night, that, more than any other por tion of his dream, had impelled him to tra verse the ocean in search of his beloved ; he had strained himself to the heart ; one wild look of appeal he cast at old Stone, and then with a deep sob and a sort of pitiful farewell gesture of the hands, that was like wringing them, he entered his berth. The two seamen stood staring at each other. Then with a snuffle of the nose and in a low voice Stone said — ' What d'ye think of it, Hiram ?' The skipper picked up his sextant and brought his protruding eyes into a squint upon the arch of it ; then passing with his tongue the bit of tobacco in his mouth from one cheek to the other, he said — 'You're an older man than me, Bill, and have seen more and have thought more. What do you think of it?' ' Well,' replied Stone, scratching the back of his head, and speaking very slowly, 'I think this — Mr. Fortescue's tobebeleft; he's a gentleman, let alone being a parson ; and's not likely to tell a lie. My belief is that he's a pious man mourning after his lady, and that the Almighty God to comfort him has spoke to him in a dream, and told him what to CO.' ' Ye believe that, do you?' said Hiram. 'Yes, that's what I believe,' said Stone, but not with emphasis. ' Well, I'm not going to stand here and say you're wrong,' exclaimed Hiram; ?* but afore I coincides with you I must turn to and think a bit. Tell ye where my difficulty lies — if it wur a pretty gene ral habit for folks to dream of things that don't happen till months arter, why then, this here wision of Mr. Fortescue's would be right enough ; no man could say it was onlikely, even if this kind o dream was rare as airthquakes, or three at a birth, Bill, like old Jackson's young :uns, or ; them blazing stones which falls out of the i sky; even then Isay, nary man could object to their bein' likly. But when it comes to i one man being singled out by the Lord, as if he was the only creature proper to - be talked to direct from heaven and al- ; lowed to see jest the very thing that 'ud keep Mm fretting and wondering for years i if he didn't see it — Well, I must think it over, it'll bear a spell of thought. Mind ye, Bill, it's strange, mate ; never heard anything like it in my time.' And so saying he entered his berth with his sextant, whilst Mr. Stone in the very slowest of his usually slow ways, toiled abstractedly up the ladder on to the deck. Chapter XX.— A Fok'sie Discussion. They had no sooner left the cabin than a head with a rather grimy pale face on it and disordered hair and reddish eyelashes popped out of a spare bunk on the port side, and after taking a quick glance - around was followed by the body and legs , of Johnny, the 'boy.' This youth was about seventeen years old, stupid, but will- ; ing, and he was useful as one of the ship's company, because though he hardly knew i how to make a long splice he could help to - roll up a sail and was a very good servant i for the cabin, besides being serviceable as - a sort of a cook's mate. He had 'all j night in,' because he was kept at work all [ day, but feeling tired after breakfast and ] guessing he would not be missed for a ] quarter of an hour or so he had sneaked | into the spare cabin bunk, that was in j reality a hole in the side, such as you see - in smacks, with the intention of merely i resting his limbs ; but had fallen fast j asleep. He was awakened by the en- ] trance of Mr. Fortescue and the two men ; when, realising his situation, and the - rope's- ending that might follow his de- - tection, he lay breathless, listening to all ] that was said. When the mate left the ? cabin and Hiram entered Ms berth. ] Johnny tumblsd out of his bunk and went j on deck to see after the cabin dinner. 1 The cook was a man named Micky - Alison, a fat ignorant person, irritable like 1 most sea-cooks. His temper aboard the ] Golden Hope had not been improved by ( the smallness of the galley, the want of ] elbow- room, and the wild and lively motion of the schooner during the bad weather, , when on one occasion he had been washed j out of the caboose by a sea, and when he ? had been several times scalded by capsized ? saucepans. Whether, but for the cook's ? temper, Johnny would ever have repeated . a word of what he had heard in the cabin, cannot be imagined ; but on being angrily ? assailed by Anson for ' loafing' and neg- - lecting'to do his ' bit' and the Llike, the '. the lad said, 'Micky, s'elp me, as I stand, : I'd have been here if it warnt for a ghost , story. I heerd it in the cabin. I'd laid , down in the spare bunk, an' I fell asleep i and was woke up by the ole man and the \ mate and the parson comin' below ; the j parson he tamed to and giv' em a yarn ?, about a ghost. Micky, B'elp me, it wur , enough to make a man's hair feel as if it \ wur stiff with fat. He wur a long time , yarnln', and then they cleared out an' aft ? I come.' So saying he seized hold of some , plates that were to be cleaned and began ? to make a mighty rattle with them in a metal pail full of water. ' Ah,' cried the cook, ' of course you : was layin' down. You're always a layin' down. It's gutter-jumpers arter your i pattern as are makin' sailors the laughing- ; stock of the world. Good mind to round ] on ye to the ole man,' he exclaimed, j opening the oven door to scowl at a meat i pie. 'Its your thick skin what makes - you insensible to nautical feelings, and -\ you'll never feel like a seafarin' man till - that there skin has been thinned by a - course of ridin' down. Ghosts ! If there j was ere a thing of the kind in this s schooner damme if I wouldn't be at the ] cost of making him a present of the j sharpest fork on that shelf there on the ? understandin' that he haunted ye about i with it and kept all on jabbing of you till - I told him to stop.' i ' Micky,' cried the lad, who was now 1 red in the face with the exertions he was i putting into his task of cleaning and ^ rubbing, ' s'elp me, if the parson's yarn j warn't enough to make me wish I was ] home again. Why, this woyage ain't a i woyage all. We're a sailin' in search of « a ghost. Ye should have heard the mate j grunt when he was told it, and th' ole \ man kep on saying, ' Well, this is a start ! 1 This do beat my time !' and when the parson was gone the skipper asks the mate , what he thinks, and the mate he says j it must be all true, 'cos the parson's too ( pious to tell a lie.' 'What's all true? What are you a \ jawin' about ? Who's goin' to hear you ^ whilst you makes that bloomin' noise ?' 1 cried the cook, whose curiosity was now j excited. ( 'What's all true? Why, what the i parson told the skipper and the mate,' replied Johnny. 4iHe says there's a , female ghost situated on a island in the : Hindian Ocean, and this voyage is to '? fetch her.' The cook flourished a frying- ! pan, whilst Johnny, cowering and dodging behind his uplifted arm, roared out, ! 'S'elp me the Lord, it's true, Micky. ^ The ghost came to the parson and says, ' I'm on the island what Mr. Stone's got ( the calculations of ;' and she writ down a likeness of the island, and pretended that . the parson had done it ; and then the i parson he sees the drawin' and likewise ( the ghost a-stretching out of her arms to j him, and so he makes up his mind to : go and fetch her, and here we are j a-going !' The cook looked attentively at the lad, ? and knowing him to be too much of a fool to be capable of inventing such a story as this, exclaimed, ' Just say that over ? agin, will yer ?' The youth did so. 'Ye : mean to say that the paison told the . cap'n and mate that a female ghost wrote down a likeness of an island, and in formed him that she was on it, and that this voyage was meant to fetch her ?' said the cook, knitting his brows and looking ' at Johnny with an expression in his eye that caused the lad to respond with as tonishing rapidity, ' Ay, Micky, and if it ain't true, may I ? ,' and ne hoped that all sorts of fearful physical afflictions would smite him. 'Well,' said the cook, beginning to bustle about afresh, but in a rather ab stracted manner, 'if the parson's motive be what you say it is, then this here's a woyage I for one never signed articles for. But aft with yer now ; get the cloth laid,' and he made as if he would lift Ms foot, on wMch the youth ran out. If sailors in those days were livelier and heartier and better seamen than they are in these, it must be owned that they were also more ignorant. Not ignorant in the sense of 'laming,' as they termed it, for as many could read and write then as can read and write now ; but in respect of sea superstitions. In our age the prosaic mechanical spirit of the engine-room has entered the seafaring calling, and in the furnaces of the steamers most of the marine spectres and beliefs have been burned up never to appear again. But in the age oi the Golden Hope, Friday was still an unlucky day ; a master would risk his spars to pick up a cat that had fallen overboard ; the Fin, as a native of Russian Finland was termed, was a magician in the eyes of many sailors ; and though the Flying Dutchman was mentioned on the whole with incredulity, scores of supersti tions much more absurd and much less poetical prevailed in ships' forecastles and 'tween-decks where Jack swung his hammock. The cook having obtained from J ohnny a most perverted version of the narrative Mr. Fortescue had related to the captain and Stone, very naturally procured its conveyance forward in a . manner that was formerly observable in sea cooks, as thus : — It being the captain's watch on deck, and consequently William Breeches's watch below, for William was in the mate's watch, Breeches comes to the galley for a light for his pipe. 'William,' says the cook, 'what wasin- # pour head, mate, when you signed articles Eor this here woyage f Breeches eurveys him leisurely, and answers ' Seventy bob a month, Micky.' 'Ay,' says the cook, 'that's right enough ; but what was the destination given ye ?' ' Why,' says Breeches, leaning in the doorway, and taking a look at what the watch on deck were doing, ' a hisland in the Indian Ocean, warnt it ? I've signed on for a good many woyages in my time, but somehow I've never caught myself taking notice of where we're bound till we gets there.' 'What d'ye say,' exclaims the cook, ' of the parson buying this here schoonec to fetch a ghost off the island we're bound to?' ' Git out,' says Breeches. ' Well,' says the cook, ' it's Johnny's yarn ;' and here he relates how the lad came to overhear the conversation iu the cabin, exaggerating the youth's version of course, and embellishing it with several original touches. 'If it's true it's blazing queer,' says Breeches. ' Ah,' says the cook, ' and the more pou think of it, the likelier it is. Whafe ioes a parson want to sail to a hialand in the TffJiaTi Ocean for, that's got no namey ah? Just ask yourself that, William. It lin't for trafficking ; there's no barterin1 rhames' ballast, anyways ; no fear of its oeing for slaving and the likes o' that. Parsons are all very well ; but it's sartin ;heir dealings is with what ye can't see ; ind if there's to be anything what may be sailed speeritooal-like mucked up in this (voyage unbeknown to us and not down in the articles, I for one shall want to mow what the capt'u has to say upon it.' Well, of course, language of this kind snded in making the two fellows look at sack other with faces as long as 'a wet hammock,' to use the language of the sea ; and when Breeches had smoked bis pipe out, and descended into the forecastle, it was not to ' turn in,' bufc to repeat what he had heard to Martin Goldsmith and Henry Sawyer, who sat on their chests mending their clothes, the remaining man of the watch, Joe Hall, ordinary seaman, being in his bunk and Loudly snoring there. It was the custom of the watches to £et supper together, and shortly before four bells (six o'clock) the men having finished the meal were on the forecastle ; for the evening was beautiful, the wind warm, and the sun descending in such splendor that you would have thought yourself in parallels higher than those of the Shetlands to have seen the bright Barnes gushing out of the hazy crimson vortex and the lines of ribbed clouds robed in gold and orange and pink and scarlet, with the sky a most delicate dim ?reen between them, and the sea coming with, a bright copper glare upon it out of the west and sweeping with the heavens into dark blue into the east. There nevec tras a more peaceful picture than the schooner made at that hour. Steeped in the flowing western glory the full bosoms ot her canvas were tinged with orange, while in the concavities wMch faced the eaat, whence the wind was bio wingas though the fevered breath of the African desert were mingled in the freshness and street ness it gatheredfrom the ocean in its flight ; in those concavities the shadows lay like the blue dusk of evening, thus furnishing an exquisite contrast to an eye so situated as to embrace both the convexities and hollows of the sails. There was nothing in sight the wide waters round. Mr. For bescue and Hiram were drinking tea on leek ; Stone was below. In the bows were the crew, sitting on the windlass end -r leaning against the weather rail, the ;ook and Johnny in the midst of them,, apparently yarning, or as Biram would ?' - sometimes fancy, arguing, when he cast iis glance forward, but speaking low with iskant looks aft. It was the first dog watch, and they had the second yet to go through before they settled down to night iuty or repose. The whole length of the schooner was between Weeks and Ms men ; but if this were not enough so to subdue bhe voices of the crew as to render their words inaudible aft, there was the swing ing of canvas aloft as the Golden Hopa rolled, the sounds of water disturbed and moving over the side, small straining and :hafing noises ; and besides, Captain Eiram conversed with Mr. Fortescue, bhough no reference was made between them to what had passed in the cabin. It was otherwise on the forecastle, where the account that had been given to ihe cook by Johnny was being gravely liflcuased. 'Mates,' said Breeches, feeling in '.his irousers pockets for a pipe, 'what seems :o me the queerest part of this job is, ;hat if that there Johnny's yarn is true, its plain that the capt'n and the mate lidn't know any more nor us what waa the motive of this woyage.' ' That s what strikes me as therummiest part, too,' said Tim Duck, a saucj -look- ing, somewhat merry- faced seaman of 30\. ' The parson evidently got to wind ward of the old man afore sailing, r'~- and now we're a fortnight out and the truth's told the skipper don't know what to do ?' ** If he wants adwisin', I'm game for Dne,' remarked the cook. ' Who says he dunno what to do ?' isked Martin Goldsmith. 'He don't look much disturbed. I allow his face wouldn't be much longer than it is, but if there's any inward capsizal in a man ye're not going to see Mm smiling and appear ing heasy like Hiram there, as if he'd Qrot the young woman he's a courting on his knee.' 'Dessay it's mere acting,' said young Joe Hall. 'There's too many skippers knockin' about ashore, bullies, for Hiram to turn to and say he warn't goin to sail the schooner to a haunted island.' 'Johnny,' said Breeches, in a severe voice, ' d'ye mean to say that the parson told the skipper and Bill that there was a ghost on an island in the Indian Ocean, and that we was bound out to fetch it ? Just think. You're more'n half a fool recol lect, and afore you jumps down my throat with a screeching ' yes,' just overhaul what mind you've got, and see if you ain't mistook.' ' Fool or no fool,' answered the boy, ' I'll tell yer, if you was to hold me over the rail and Bay ye'd let go if I answered yes to what you've asked, I'd say yes. D'ye think I can't hear? S'elp me, as I'm sitting, what the parson said was a ghost wrote down a hisland for him — a female ghost — and says she was on it, and she opened her arms to the parson, and the parson he makes up his mind to go to iler. An' here we are a-goin' ! 'Twarn't only that, neither. The ghost made the parson see the sMp blazing up in the Indian Ocean, him being in England. And the skipper he talked of a ghost as come to a ship's wheel, and made a chap there fetch a Bible, and next day he drops down dead. There was nothen I didn't hear,ffool or no fool, William.' ' Well,' said Henry Sawyer, with an uneasy glance aft at the clergyman and a kind of writhe on the hatch he waa sit ting on, ' if Johnny ain't blundering, the look out of this woyage is the oncomfor tablest a respectable sailor could sign for*. Why slaving 'ud be better than ghosfc hunting, damme.' ' What's a ghost like ?' said ihe cook.. *' Anybody ever see a ghost ?' 'Did the parson tell the capt'n what the ghost was like?' enquired Gold smith. 'Ifo,' answered Johnny. ^ It wor something as put it's arms out. ' Well,' said Duck, 'that's what ghosts^ do. I've seen 'em represented in the,, ' theayter. They comes up out of the holes under the stage, and points and talks with, their arms. They never speaks. There'« no good in sayin', as Sam did, there. ain't no ghosts ; 'cause if they'd nevec - been wisible hovr could they be drawed,, and how eould play-hactots dress up like 'em?' *?- .-N ^ ' What I said was that no man ever yet .see a ghost,' exclaimed Sam Wilka, an ordinary seaman. 'A ghost's a man's .«ouL and my father believed that when :souls was liberated they got blowed about till they brought up, but no man ever saw =a soul. 'Why, if it was something ye could look at, every time a chap died you'd see tus soul flyin' away.' ** Tell yer what it is, mates, said Gold smith, ' you may say it ought to be mid dlin' warm in these parts, but its blasted .cold to my notion.' ?* Light a pipe,' said Duck. -'* Jimmy,' said Breeches, meaning -Kitts, who was at the helm, 'told me 'this afternoon that he was shipmates with a man who knew a sailor that had mur dered a young person he was keeping company with. He hid the body and sailed away; but the girl went with him. If he jumped aloft she va- oh the footrope alongside of him. If he took the wheel she'd be holding thj lee spokes. If he looked over the aid -he'd eee her in the water. When he came home she stepped on to the quay with him, and Jimmy said that his mate told him that when the man stepped ore the side the young person made him tak a coach and go down to where her hcdf ?was, and dig it np and look at it, whic i he did, and then she made him take the -coach back again and go to the police and ?tell 'em he had murdered her. ' ' Conscience is the name of that there ghost,' said Duck. w 'Conscience be blowed, 'cried Breeches. ' Mean to tell me a man as can murder a young woman's got any conscience ?' 'Look here!' said the cook, 'what I'm fh'Tifc-mc of is this — What's this here woyage about 2' There was a short .silence. ' Whether,' continued the cook, * ' ghosts is to be believed in or to be denied of, I don't mean to take a hand in search ing after them. If Johnny here ain't a liar, that parson there's gone and bought 'this hooker 'spressly to find out a hisland on which something that came to Mm when he was abed said it lived. I for one didn't sign fora job of this kind, and my opinion is that we ought to speak to the ?captain, and larn from the captain hisself what his motives are.'' (To he continued. ) 