MhL BTEVENBOI'd POEMS.. (Tie Tt5ES) As a writer of prose Mr. Stevenson has lonb since secured a very high position; a position, in fact, so high that those who care for literature as each do not willingly paess by anything that he writes. Whether it he a story or an essay, the description of a fight at sea or fugitives crawling over a Scotch moor under a bleziog August son, a series of Sternlike meditations as he drops down a French river in his canoe, or a bit of choicely-told biography-whatever he touches be touches wi;h the hand of a master. He speaks as a man to men and so a boy to boys, and breathes over all he writes that air which is most otten missing in the works of modeon men of letters, the air of living experience anad intense reality. And now he comes before the world with a little, thin volume of verse, and bthose whose admiration of his work has been steadily growing till one must look upon the experiment with interest. and even wilh anxiety. It is not, indeed, his first experiment in poetry; he has already published "A Child's Garden of XVersee," very charming and Individual, but not so eerious an effort as this. We may say at oncethat, did it stand alone, there would be nothingin the vo!ume befoe us to make the author fear criticism, but, even if there were, hin pathetic dedication woold disaerm it For the book is dedicated to a whole coil, ge of physicians-to all chose dectors whose cheerfulness and courage and ski I have helped the writer through a weary fight against long and disabling illness. But illness nas left ?o traces in the book, save where here and there it has touched a page with indefinable melancholy, or has brought for a moment into sharpcontrast the writer. joy in living and his knowledge that "the w flows of the Styx" are not far distant The modern doctors are beginning to wooder whether genoius Is not always accompanied by one or other fortu of disease ; whether 1 the fire which br-athes through the utterances of wrlters of rtsl imagination is not always accompanied by some slightly shore mal physical elate, some quickening of the pulse beyond what ordinary health allows. We will leave this question to Mr. Stevenson's doctors to settle among them. selves; but of this we have no doubt, that his little volume of 140 pages is a book of genius. It is rqual to the author's prose It is charming from end to end. lightly and truly touched throughout, and instinct with the personal character of the writer. It is true that he calls it " Underwoods," takinr the title from Ben Joneon, and, with a pleasing humour, be introduces it in the following quatrain: 01 all my rveese likes not s l's 'Ie, But ike my Oldo. t.r It I. n t mine Tboat t'ila. m a hteL:r man . tole An l how much btel h d ts Ito ths hubsle Nothing could be neater; but Mr. Steven. son most not expect his readers to agree with him. Ben Jonson was a great writer; but among the many reasons of his greatneas was the fact that he was himself. And this is just what Mr. Stevenson is, a man who has in his hands a personal and individual gift with which to present his country The gift is his own, and that is why it is valued. The note of the volume is struck in a delightful little starzr, printed by itself ,ithout title Pine el..liesr, Mues. or evermore be stil, S eS re or.e o. . ane i. eerar fN o n, - the ole, of nselschola Jlquesi To .na s we.'piel ecrh In toa hill ; Buit a thes oy. 'he pa, ta of the eptfeg. From the c en e m ii?eno Illtt t.kes, One .turl . eir recrp:ure then hbe stili. "One natural verae"-thbt is what Mr. Stevetnson his given us, and it is the natural ones of what he weites that is its leading squality. Hie poems are the straightforward utterance of a thoroughly sane and, at the esame time, exqusitely sensitive mind. tl rannotbe said tnat he has been cninfluenced by the other poetry of the time for he is oa man of letters who has read widely as he has felt deeply; but he is entirely free from one-sidedness, from loving a fancy just because it is recondite, from that going after strange rhymes and other tcrturirge of speech which is the fault of so many of the distinguished poets of the present day. Mr. Stevenson suggests literary associations In abundance, but they are of thb best sort. They are, if we may use a phrase much in favour with Mr. Matthew Arnold " of the centre." Here and there Mr. Arnold himself is suggested, I especially through Mr. Stevenson'a fondness for that simple octo-syllabioe couplet in which the elder poet has written so much f and eo well. Now and then we have a line that recalls Wordsworth, nsuch as "The I incomparable pcmp of ere ;" one poem, ' To I a Gardener,' is almost pure Herrick ; and most of the poems in the Scotch dialect which fill the latter half of the volume are a Sliteral carrying cut of the old Lowland verse tradition,. though they remind us of Fergusmon rather than of Burns. But all this is just as it should be, and the literary d suggestions are snob as really to enrich the volume rather than, as is so often the case, to obscure the author's own individuality. p It is time, however, to give a few examples of Mr. Stevenson's verse. Here is hise cheery little Envoy, which, to be muse, picturee a very delightful framework of life d in a delightful way : Oo, hlttes book, and wieh to all S Ftee ton esthe euedsn, meato the hail, A bill of ene. a lptes of nwt. A hnoon seh Iaws eenclosog It, S l Usin hrer by the boo?. A nightolpa a In tbes it eme'e. it More ambitious is " The House Beautiful," In which the poet gives in a couple of paget a sketch of the beauty of the changiog reasons, than which it would be difficult to find any in literature at once more simple and more true. A daused use, a oaken meor. A't hlAb lrlr peao beaton the dter, A tsrden bea ef floerser and pult, And pop as st eth s e araen sot oueh ta he pene that I Ilee et. e Bleat wienoot and bare within. sYet shalU yoer n?red moor eotefe e hs Isnomeaables pomp ol se. And ibhemid osters of thedawn aPie.hnd yout r shorethg treqo be d brcu Aod esnu alrhe tne etermeat a to d Oth sae nmoomred cloud glleors hase, toer aerdsn glom sad nlsm agate, With tenpins ten. nlh aL?on.:t ntln, Oere shat the wled m otan as end l bedb enos in tns etml on od O0 dar' eseelnlnt spleodonu ; toss Sptn ha-ty sl toLat 0 es.sp hs w Aad oet cbs murs tee mueretos And sresy tsale ebetl and thread O ombweb dew.bedtlsmnodet. when dfesgeao. bhst itsen time cc Uree the -Impl gens en h lshe : e A'nmoat sreem anchant snh rust and mes? the cast ru sbeautlaIl; lad when snow~bahll tbe moor enpuanl LBo sbell yoer ehltdrn clp shetl hindsa a rheeen lend a nossnlt lpuss. God's bilghttntslratflste deels fOfdays a d seasos ldotb sU?te. We have already mentioned the verees 5 *To a Gardener ;' we might, did spans d permit, follow it with the admirably vrgo ren veerss entitled "Our Lady of the en Sows" (No. 2B, in which this lover of life, in all its variety and vigour, contrasts his own ideal with that of the monks who, "aloof unhelpfol, nod nohind," euiet far *d away in their monastery among the mono. tains. Still belter worth qnotiog, becanse more personal in iuterest, are the fine verses *To my Father" (No. Sl)--that is, to the late Mr. Thomas Stevenson, well. d onwn throughout Scotland as a distl sog eh enginer.. ad builder of light. PeRe aad bee bets lerals so theus Ihores ' t P dOtallyhms; lernmeahle sallls i fawn on tbs aer hs, ta m d dnr, at ; y Teosbte ou see n eeuetd osapsa POet ne,. bhneuee siurs thou sno ttl'+s arO Lb+se and bhleht o e tue ione trthe, trndered trel ths beg, r sonudlog uor. tlod Phuso ston?ts Oheta ass thy ?sb. 0 tether, them thy croenw hswhher o, bhie ths a1t be pose, teat htst " Alona th sc*low, e sonse,. od atll nbmt d doootueocnme d.rl .a tad Iotoad a w be he w ere orto o no till n.cbg tee el tup) eb I n d In the hsaen ride. ti tseet suneeno he r tts b tshnrr useamasi alhis sbif Mosm hethroh the Oamoitg bay, to sIeres the dt ?r'i( -nee t te e SU1 orb.edc fiend le~tshehtael mbaloneerhesapu . To t comtrbOr' rat th lotsnt heISes, ThOu smad thL tl htarmisd oher als aehtd. Iri hak ? ?I dos, sd L-c-.a Ib bhlt I must.oiat u ftber, and Wtor t Scene ih'. oompllnte g ksama pilotbrem. We are very much mistaken if this ashort poe m, admirable alike in the techniaue of its verse and to the tooeght and its expression, is not destined so take its place among the poT ms that will lire. ][Haf the volume is, as we have said, wnit'en in the Scotch dialect, and the doe appreciation If these poems we most leave for Scotch leaders. Englishmen, however, will he .tl.;Jas more chlrm,:d than the. ,tesitrive Scotch with tie rote in which Mr. Steenoo dercribes his difficulties in hend'irg his native dialect, and the mortal fear in which he arsned of th" critics who will dietipgaleh the Scotch of Lauderdale from the Scotch of Angus, and both these fro:. that of the LD:hi?nr. " Let the prol cisinor ," h0e writes, "call my speech that of the Lott lsn. And if it be rct pure, alse I what matters it ? The day draws near when tri illustrious and mallrable tongue shall be quite forgotten; and BIrns's Ayrshire and Lr. lMec'ionald's Aberdeen-Awa', and Scott's brave metrpoolitao utterance will be all equally the ghosts of spxech. 'ill hen I would love to have my hour as a native Maker, and be read by my own coantryfolk in our own dying language \--on amtilion surely rather of the heart thin of he head, so restricted as It is in pr,.epect of endorance, so parochial In bounds if space." We will content our. elves with but one example of these Scotch po.ms, and that the poem which requires at.sa aid from the glossary-the pathetic lttle eong in which the author utters once more the old cry about the death of friends. It'? n ernceoewai tIh for sae sn' )oth Ai d It heok. 1t"' re dr-ltl. Tba thbe drear ntrrli e ar to. sldeet friends A.rd LLe youna a' just on trial. Ther'pi vtral hutl w lyoung an' isold A'd It's im th.' Oasa berets me; For aie .cn-ct rl"t" 5e0 ts tld friends tcAnd the mlht ns r -i.e hitra leads taoe nd toouls ? tiLe nil break timm ; Bat the oesres I lends are the anldst fritnds, And the gr.wa'a the place to esek them. It is hardly possible-in there days at all events-that an author should take his place amorg the great 'poets unlers he comes for. ward with a claim on the ground of quantity as well a- on the ground of quality, Mars must cort t for something, and MIr, Stevenson has not rms. No more, however,. has Gray or Collins; nor, for the matter of that, Catullus or evon Horace-if it is not profane to mention those old workers in gems with the men who have the misfortune to be of to-day. We will not make vain comparisonr, but we will say that, within. its limited and strictly personal range, Mr. Stevenson's little bock is about as good a it could be. It is literature, and to bow limited a class of modern books that word belongs those know best who read most of them. 