T RECHWORTH WESLEYAN SUN- \ BET)ASOHOOL anniversary. I Services to celebrate the anniversary 1 f tbe above scLool were held on Sunday I Li Monday. 27ih and 28th November, 1 r_ f-i.0 church and schoolroom. The nsnal raised platform, capable of accommodating over a hundred persona, wa3 erected at tbe pulpit end of the cbnrcb, and on this were seated the scholars with their teachers, also the minister conducting the services, who on .u;, nc.cftsion was the Rev. Henrv E. 1/ jlerriman. of Benalla. The building had been unusually well decorated with festoons .n(j wreaths of foliage and flowers, and -onspicuoiis on the walls were large mottoes artistically worked jn white on a red ground, reflecting great credit on the vonn" ladies whose handwork they were, namely, Misses Newton, Tozer, E. B. Albiston and Dawson. On the back wall, i gxed in graceful fashion, appeared j « Glory to God in the Highest," and on i the fright and left walls, respectively, I > Ex«U Him who loved me" and " All ? for Christ whom I serve." On Sunday morning the reverend r oentleman cnose as me oasis oi a I practical and earnest discourse the words of the 6th verse of 126t'a Psalm — I "He that goeth forth and weepetb, j bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his shelves with him." The preacher ap- ! plied the words of the text to the earnest j Christian worker, and encouraged the j teachers in the Sabbath- school, especially, I to persevere with their labors, relying irn- \ plicitly on the promise that their work could not be in vain. ! In the afternoon a flower service ? was held, and, as on former oc- 'i occasions, proved most interesting aad I instructive. All the children on the 1 platform, and many in the congregation, had provided themselves with small bonqnets, which, when held aloft at a given signal, presented a beautiful and picturesque sight. The reverend gentlemen delivered a most ap propriate and suitable address from part of the 12th verse of 2nd chapter of Solomon's Song — "Theflowere appear on the earth," referring in choice language to the beanty of flowers and the lessons they are designed to teach ns. On the ; table in front of the speaker were two elegant bouquets of flowers, one of ordinary garden specimens, the other of "j " everlastings" only, both of which he utilised in illustration of the teaching he desired to enforce. vj In the evening Mr Merriman again 1 preached, basing his sermon on the St-h cnapier of St. Mark's Gospel and the 86th i verse—" For what shall it profit a man if be shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul ?" The sermon was really eloquent and powerful, and proved the rev. gentleman's reputation as a preacher. All the services were well attended, the church being especially well filled in the evening, adherents of all the Protestant churches in the town being present. The scholars sang special hymns (neatly printed in book form for the anniversary, BS.1 distributed in the pews for use of the congregations at all the services) in excellent style, both the selection and tbe rendition being generally admired. The collections for the day were equal to the preceding year, and a noticeable feature was that young girls, ecbolars of the school, took up the anniversary offerings themselves, and certainly did their duty well. On Monday, 2Stb, the usnai tea and public meetings were held, the former in the schoolroom, the latter in the church. Aud here the decorations of the school building, largely comprising beautiful tree-fern fronds, call for remark and reflect infinite credit on the young ladies f who devot6d so much time to the grace- j) fQI k aiirwofcivo placing of g the wreathe, festoons and floral designs |j generally. The tables were supplied and 1 prefixed over by Mesdames Daiton, Saudham and Stont, and the Misses Albieion, Daiton, Sandham and Tozer, EEsi-ted by a number of other willing and ready helpers. The provisions were plentiful and of the choicest quality, and the attendance was most gratifying, one sitting being insufficient for all the guests. After tea an adjournment was made to the church for the public meet ing. The attendance was again excellent, the building being quite fail. Mr Tatlrli, M.F„, was in the chair, and on the platform were the Revs. Msrriman, Robinson (British and Foreign Bible Society's agent for Victoria, at present visiting t he Beechworth committee), SwaD, Wilson, Millett and Albiston (minister of the church) end other gentlemen- A good number ef the senior scholars, con. tita ting the choir for the evening, slso occupied places on the pisiform, and throughout the evening, at intervals, ' rendrrel some of the hymns from the selection above referred to. After tbe opening hymn, " Taming are the Wheels I of Time," and prayer by the Rev. <3- s Albiston, The CHAIRMAN, who was well re- !. seived, delivered a short address, eom- anetdatory of Sunday-schools and the good work effected by them. The re sponsibilities of parents in regard to the rel'gious education of their children, especially in this colony, were effectively set forth. He thought all would be willing to admit that the present Edu cation Act was good, so far as it went ; but it did not encompass the whole of a child's education. This was a Christian country, and Christian men and women maintained that secular education wrb not sufficient. There mnst also be religious instruction. Well, and what had we got? Why, a most excellent system of Sabbath-school teaching, and this tended to supply the deficiency, and tbe gentleman of the cloth, as the clergy were sometimes termed, deserved every credit for the hearty manner in which they carried on the work, seeking, as he was sure they did, to serve first their Master and then their flocks. He ex pressed his great pleasure to be there that night, to join with them in their anniversary rejoicings, and as one of their members in Parliament, he would I lay he was proud to be member for the Ovens, and to have the honor to repre sent such people as were gathered to gether on the present occasion. He would not take np more time, as they had a good programme to get throngh. (Applause.) After a hymn, " Behold, what manner t ef love," had been sang, f i Mr SENNETT read the annual report and balance-sheet. The report is as follows : — It gives the committee much pleasure and gratification once again on another anniversary occasion to meet the parents and friends of .the young people connected with the above school, and for the oppor tunity thus afforded to submit a statement of the condition of the school at present, and the work performed during the past twelve months. The first note struck should be 'one < of devout thanksgiving to God that during the year the ranks of both teachers and scholars have remained un broken by death, aud that the general health of all alike has been uniformly good. The following figures represent the state of the school numerically at the present time as compared with the same time, last year, viz No. of officers and teachers 19, as against 20, or a decrease of 1 ; average attendance, 13, as against 14, a decrease of 1\. No. of scholars on the roll 158, namely 78 boys and 80 girls, with an average attendance of S7- In the report for 188G the total number given as on the roll was 172, the average attendance 85. It is satisfactory, there fore, to notice that while the number now enrolled is 14 less than the previous year, the average attendance i3 greater than the number actually recorded at that time. It is with considerable pleasure your committee have to report that the changes in the official and teaching staff have been few, as compared with those enumerated in the previous report. During the period now under notice three vacancies have occurred, viz : — Mr3 Dundas, Mr James Crouch and Mr E. Giblett. The former had only joined the teaching staff during the pa3t year, and was a most painstaking and conscientious teacher, and it is there fore with much r6gret that her valuable services have been lo3t to the school, in consequence of recent removal from Beechworth to Melbourne, where she now resides. Messrs James Crouch and E. Giblett held respectively the positions of librarian and secretary, but both vacated their offices after a short term of service. Messrs Roger Williams and Henry Crouch, old and tried teachers, after an absence from Beechworth for some time, pursuing their avocations elsewhere, have returned to the town, and are again associated with T-ne school. During the year the following have been admitted a3 officers or teachers, viz : — Miss Young, Miss Vine, Mr Hartt and Mr R. Newton, the two former as teachers, Mr Hartt as school secretary vice Mr Giblett, and Mr Newton as librarian vice Mr J. Crouch. Miss Dawson has kindly and efficiently taken emergency duty as teacher on several occasions. The office-bearers atpresent'are — Superin tendent, Mr J. P. Daiton; school secretary, Mr Jas. Hartt ; librarian, Mr Robt. New ton ; general secretary and treasurer, Mr J. Sennett. During the year the stock of books in the library has been carefully examined, and a considerable number, no longer in a St condition for circulation, have been withdrawn. From the proceeds of last anniversary a sum of £4 was spent in the purchase of new books, which have been readily sought after by the scholars. Your committee hope that the results of the present anniversary will enable them to make further additions during the coming year. The number of volumes now on the shelves is 230. The previous year the number reported was 400, which shows what a large proportion had to be with drawn because of dilapidation and general unfitness for use. The school is fairly supplied with furni ture and appliances, though were funds available, improvements could be made in the internal arrangements which would couduce to the comfort and convenience of both teachers and scholars. The stock of Bibles, Testaments, hymn-books, cate chisms, &c.;, is fairly well up to require ments, though some of the Bibles will have soon to be replaced with new ones. At the beginning of the year your com mittee introduced into the school r. system of rewards for punctuality, regular atten dance, good conduct and lessons learned. The system is oue that obtaius largely in schools associated, as ours is, with the Wesleyan Sunday School Union. The children in the various classes appear to anru-fiaiate the nom cdo- <£ 1 the lessons aro repeated more or less generally throughout the school. In order that expenditure on account of the library may not be affected, the rewards to be given to deserving scholars will for the present be on a limited scale, pro bably not more than three (3) bocks to each -class. It will, nevertheless, be readily seen that in order to carry out this plan, and if other interests are not to suffer, increased liberality on the part of parents, friends and supporters will be necessary. As to the success, so far, of the new plan, the much higher average attendance — 87 out of 158, as against 85 out of 172 — speaks for itself, for it is just in this respect the benefit of the prize system would be apparent. This matter of attendance, moreover, is the more marked, ae.during the past year so much wet weather, has been experienced that the average would necessarily bo considerably reduced, especially as affecting -She infant classes. It will, however, be the work -of your now committee to determine as to the continuance of dho system, or otherwise. Recognition -must be made of the suc cessful efforts of Mr H. P. Daiton -and Mr Eobt. Williams to augment the -school funds by means of the series of "-social evenings" entertainments organised and carried through by.tliese gentlemen. Both worked arduously and energetically to achieve success, and they are entitled ito the .warmest thanks of the committee. The school has been highly favored daring the past year, in securing the help, of gentlemen from Melbourne and else-j where, visiting Beechworth, who from time j to time have delivered Addresses. Men tion may be made of Mr Thos. Gordon, a veteran Sunday-school worker, of Haw thorn. Mr J. J. Morrow, Mr N. Wimble and Mr Bowen. It has been most gratify ing to your officers and teachers to bear these gentlemen remark upon the superior behaviour and good conduct of the children of this school, as compared with the large and infiuentially conducted schools in the metropolis. May the commendation bo frequently given ever be maintained. The school organists, Miss Tozer and Miss Daiton, deserve the thanks of your committee for their willing and ready ser vices as leaders of the school psalmody. "Prolan Bnrvip.es. instituted three vears ago, have been regularly sustained during the past year at the Benevolent Asylum by officers, teachers and senior scholars, assisted more or less by friends of other j denominations, on Sunday afternoons after school hours. It is gratifying to find that so many of the aged people, too feeble to 'attend the services of the various churches in the town, show their appreciation of these efforts for their spiritual welfare, by regular attendance. There is reason to believe God's blessing attends this work. In this coHaection mention must not be omitted of the assiduous attention and constant fidelity shown by Miss Emily Albiston, 8® organist, at these services. The self-denial and unflagging interest ex hibited by th!? young lady in this work is worthy ef all praise". , _ , . The great Home afffl Foreign Mission causo, bo dear to the heart rf the Christian IGuurcii, uas say, received so much attention froth lite scholars as in former years. A little has certainly been done, but it is hoped that during the coming year many of the young people will resolve to become collectors for this noble enterprise. Before closing this report your commit tee would refer to the great loss sustained in the death of onerofc-.their ..number, -the late Mr T. H. Phillips. He had for years been a" good friend ' to the school and a great help in connection with the anniver sary arrangements, and his absence on the present occasion has been greatly felt. He was a " good man, full of the Holy Ghost an_d of faith he 'did his work on earth faithfully and well, and how he rests from' his labors and is " for ever with the Lord." Another year of school history is about to commence, and the committee, officers and teachers once again cast themselves upon the prayers, sympathy and help of parents and friends. These, ihey believe, they can claim, and are confident they have them. The work is the work of God, and the knowledge of this sustains them. They beleive the Sabbatli-3chool insti tution to be one of the mightiest forces for winning the world for Christ, and so they go joyfully on, amid not a few dis couragements. You cannot all, perhaps, be Sunday- school teachers, but you can all help those that are. On the threshold ef a new year, let everyone of 113 draw inspiration from the words of one of our poets. — It yon cannot on the ocean sail among the swiftest fleet, ' Riding on the highest billows, laughing at the storms you meet, You can stand among the sailors, anchored yet within the bay, You onn. lend a hand to help them as they launch their boats away. The balance- Bheet showed the roceipts during the past year to have been £37 153 Id, and the expenditure £37 9s lOd, leaving a balance in hand of 5s 3d. The Rev. JAMES WILSON (Congre gational) then spoke. He expressed his pleasure at once more being among his Wesleyan friends. He was glad to have had the opportunity of being with them at the tea-meeting, and he was pleased to stand on that platform. When ho stood up to speak he heard someone behind say, " Keep ap your courage," and ue tancied he also heard the addition, " old man !" (Laughter). Well, he questioned whether oue ought to be too modest. Perhaps they had heard of Mick O'Reilly, one of the Duke of Wellington's soldiers. It is said that on one occasion, prior to one of the battles, the duke came to the regiment with which Mick was connected, and called out " Is Mick O'Reilly here ?'' when Mick immediately responded, " Sure he is, gineral, and tbe battle may commince!" (Laughter). He then spoke warmly on the subject of the proposal of the Railway Commissioners to run trains on Christmas Day, which this year falls on a Sunday, and clearly showed from statistics that there was no public demand for such Sunday trains. On Christmas Day, 1881— a Sunday — trains were run on Victorian lines, aud the number of persons who availed them selves of the concession on the main lines wa3 only 325 ; and he held that more men were required to work On that Sabbath than were benefited by its desecration. He urged the teachers to carefully inculcate Sabbath observance, and in his remarks evidently carried the meeting with him. The hymn, " Let the Savionr in," was next rendered, and, The Rev. H.E. MERRIMAN addressed the meeting, commencing in a very amusing and entertaining straio. He raferred to the pleasure of seeing on the platform representatives of all the churches in the town, the Rev. Mr Robinson (Bible Society's agent) having also oppor tunely appeared. That was the way it should be. The various branches of the Christian Church should present one un broken front to the enemy. He was also glad to see the chairman (Mr Tuthill) occupying 1-iiA pneihian ho Aid that uiglit, and seeing what a host of ladies were among the audience, he thought he (the speaker) could put the chairman up to a wrinkle, and immortalise himself as a member of the Legislature. If, first of all, ho could only be the means of giving the women of this country the suffrage, and then, when that was done, clap a tax on every bachelor, his reputation woula be established for all lime to come. (Laughter.) To come to something seri ous, he thought be wonld like to say a little to them on the mission of the children. What a poor cheerless world this wonld be without the little ones. He fully believed with the poet Tapper that A babe in the home is a well-spring of py, Though he could fancy some sour visaged old bachelor saying, " Yes, when it's asleep." (Laughter.) But he had no sympathy with these bachelors. The children, had a distinct- mission in the world, and happy were those who had anything to do with them. The rev. speaker urged parents aud teachers to realise their responsibilities in the direc- tion of the Christian educetion oi the yonng people, so that right principles taking hold of their hearts and influencing their lives, they would be led at last through the pearly gales into -.the Now Jerusalem, and, as they gathered round them it will b6 their unspeakable joy to say, " Here am I, and those Thou hast given me." Tfe6 speaker resumed his seat atnid hearty acclamations. The collection was then taken, .end was liberally responded to, very largely exceeding the similar collection of last year. After the bymn, " The Master- has taken his journey," the .solo part being, nicely sung by the organist, Miss Albiston, and the chorus daken by the choir, The Rev. H. SWAN (Presbyterian) spoke. He said he thought he might say a few words to the teachers, as they were a class of workers who deserved and needed encouragement. Every Sabbath-school teacher ought to desire to be successful ; but there were a few things essential, in order to do this. For instance, there could hardly be success without punctuality and regularity in attendance on the part of the teacher. An irregular teacher would make an irregular class. Nothing encouraged children more in well-doing and attention to their work in school, than seeing their teacher regularly in his place. Then, Sabbath-scheol teachers must try and make themselves interesting. Teaching children was not an easy task; it was a difficult one. He had done the work of a Sunday-school teacher for yeara, and he knew what it was. He was . not shamed to pay it was as hard work -piw-.. "Sermon:" Sotoo people thought it was easy to preach ; but let them try it. The rev. gentleman then told a humorous 6tory of a man who boasted he could preach a sermon better than others he heard, and an opportunity offering, found he could get no further than the ;te.;wtiich:heYepeat5d'-'tiihe' after time"," and xt last stammered out, " If there's a man in the congregation who can preach belter than me, let him toko this place." To teach even infant children is difficult, and teachers muBtbe carefnlto make them selves clearly understood." A humorous illustration of this was given, ' as "it happened in his own experience. Ho had on one occasion to take . the. place of an absent teacher, in a school in Mel bourne. .The class was one of very little children, and the . lesBon was. the story of Naaman the leper, and the little Assyrian slave. He wished the children to remember where the little slave was captive. He asked them if (hey knew Paddy's Market, in- Bourko- street. . "Oh yes,", said one, " that's where they sell spuds and another, "yes, and cabbage;" and another " dogs;" andyet another, "Stewed peas ;" and so on. They all remombered these things. Then directly' he remarked, " And where did this little slave girl come from?" the chorus of voices called out, "From Paddy's Market!!' (Laughter). So t would be seeD, teach ing is not easy. He wished the Beech worth Wesleyan School success during the coming year, aud was glad he had the opportunity of being with them on the present occasion. Votes of thanks, with the Doxology, and the Benediction pronounced by the Rev. J. Albiston, brought the proceedings to a close. On the following day the scholars and teachers held the annual picnic at Baar- muthaPark, where all enjoyed themselves, winding up the evening with indoor games in the schoolroom. 