WILLIAMSTOWN GOSSIP. BYT LADY TEAZLE. Heart whole, and fancy free. Her ways aro ways of pleasantness. And all she tells is truth. * The idea of the company is to allow the ladles and gentlemen to bathe in the same enclosure, though not, of course, at the same time. The hours for gentlemen will be from four in tho morning till nine ; the ladies may bathe between nine in the morn ing and four in the afternoon, when the gentlemen will resume possession for the remainder of the day.” I quote thiB, Mr Editor, from your report of the proposed new baths. “The ladies and gentlemen are to "bathe in the same enclosure, though not, of course, at the same time.” You cannot imagine, Mr Editor, how thankful the ladies are for this extraordinary piece of ou descension. We never for a moment ox pected that the bathing company would be so thoughtful. The gentlemen are to have the morning and evening, and wo are to have the blazing noonday. We may swim during hours that swimming is not only unhealthy but dangerous to life ; and we are to allow the luxurious morning and the bracing even ing exclusively for the men. Tliero is to be no alternation , we are to risk the sun stroke, and tho men are to have the prefer ence all the year round. What joy ! We never expected that such gallantry would be • exhibitea by the promoters ; we thought the hours for us would be from midnight till four in the morning, or else that ladies and gen tlemen would be compelled to bathe to gether. You cannot imagine, Mr Editor, the gratitude we feel. The company are sure to suffer for their chivalry ; we should have only been allowed the part marked off for boys —that is if the boys had no objection. The Counoil are showing a very obstinate resistance to Miss Butler in her endeavor to seek redress for the injuries she sustained through falling down at one of their fault lessly made crossings. They have engaged Dr Madden and Mr Purvcs, Q.C, the one to argne and the other to browbeat. If I remember rightly, the sum Miss Butler asked originally was very reasonable, assum ing that there was any negligence. Will the fee of theL.L.D. and the Q.C. be as reason able ? Suppose the Council succeed in their desperate effort to have a verdict entered in iheir favor, will they be any richer than if they had settled the case out of Court? It is not improbable that the cost of last Mon day’s adjournment (all of which, both for plaintiff and defendant, will be borne by the Council) would have settled Miss Butler’s claim many times over. Never mind, a blow will have been struck at the women, for even if Miss Butler does succeed the expenses will leave her a very small margin. That is all the Council care. I observe by an exchange that in America the busy fingers of woman have found anew sphere in which to shine. She now stands at tho printer's case and sett type. Men cannot compare with her at this work. She works more quickly and more correctly than they do. Such a thing as sticking a letter upside down is a piece of folly she never dreams of. Her setting of a divorce case or an elopement will have no bad spelling or fault in punctuation. Even in dry subjects she is more intelligent than a man. When the writing is bad she never goes to sleep over it or articulates a word that she is not going to print. No, the paper says she quietly substitutes another word for a badly-written one, and can draw on her imagination so well that the author finds himself a gainer in public reputation exactly in proportion as sho cannot read his manu script. Those are the girls we should have here, and then everybody would have the paper by breakfast time. “Be chaste and you’ll be happy see the ghost and you’ll be “chased therefore see the ghost and you’ll be happy ! But really those who see the ghost are not happy; some say they are not truthful. That the sprite can draw his clanking chains over a bed of chrysanthemums without leaving any trace behind is just the sort oi thing that a proper ghost would do, but when the narrator tells you that he bravely followed the invisible thing with a shotgun over these same chrysanthemums, and when no mark of his number ten hobnail-boots is anywhere to be found, even by a black tracker, you are apt to shake your head and say you don’t believe a word of it. This Scema to bo Iho fault .V.LI. ..I1 tt... tarers who have hau to do with the ghost; they cannot bear to say thoy were afraid of it, which is the only part of their story you would admit; they would make it appear that the ghost was afraid of them, and as this would be a very unpopular thing for any ghost to do, everybody rejects their story, and the ghost is master of the situation, _ 