A GHOST ADVENTURE IN GLASGOW. An incident with a ridiculous side to it has just occurred (a Glasgow newspaper says) on tlie south side in Glasgow. An old woman died in her house, and the body, after being dressed for the grave, was laid out on a table in the kitchen. The old Scottish custom of waking' was observed by the friends of the deceased, and on the evening precedthe funeral a number of the relatives were sitting around the fire, the glare from which cast a dim light around the room. When the relatives had pronounced eulogies on the virtues and moral and Christian character of the deceased the conversation fell flat, and èvcntualiy dwindled down into silence. Nothing was heard but the ticking of a clock on die niantlepieee. Suddenly the silence that pervaded the place was rudely broken by a low rumbling noise, followed by a deep hollow voice demanding, 'Am I right T The relatives were fairly astounded, and some of the women screamed aud sought the protection of die men. The shroud was tremblingly removed from tlie deceased's face, but it was rigid and cold. Her pulse was felt, but it had tlirobbed its last stroke. Meanwhile the sepulchral voice again broke the silence, and the rambling again was renewed. The relatives could stand the mysteiy no longer, and rushed from Hie house. The stoiy soon got wind, and the minuteness of detail with which it was retailed-convinced a number of persons that what had been heard was beyond doubt spiritualistic phenomena. At last a policeman of slightly materialistic tendencies prepared to invade the hannted house. He opened the door with great caution, peered in, aud the sight diat met his gaze appalled him. The shroud that covered the body was as black as night, and the strange noises had not yet subsided. The officer beckoned to die relatives who were following to remain where they were, and on tiptoes be walked boldly in. The noise was in the direction of the chimney, and, believing that the ghost had taken refuge there, he removed his helmet and looked np, being rewarded for his bravery by being nearly blinded widi soot. He swore not loudly, but deep, and congratulated himself diat lie had solred the mystery. Tlie jghostly visitor was a sweep. He had been employed to clean the vent in the rooms adjoining that of those occupied by the deceased, and by some mistake, liad selected the wrong one. He had shouted down the chimney to ascertain if he were sweeping die right oiie, but, receiving no reply, he continued liis work. ; 1 • Tie EdtUrr itu-ite* Gorrmpvadenee upon any matter of ptMic intercut, or affeeti*g the uxt/are of the district ; mash rvmmn*icatiou* iciU.be. g laâly pvblUïœd, and fliffU have optr batt attention. 