THE SILVERTON RAILWAY. It is not an easy matter to find out the precise nature of tha arrangement which exists between the Government and Messrs. Millar Brothers in re- gard to the Silverton Railway. The other day it was stated on official authority that an agreement had been come to under which the railway was be handed over in sections as completed, the whole work to be finished by Decem ber 31 last. It was added, however, that owing to the discovery of the Testulpa Goldfields labour supply of the contractors had been so seriously interfered with that they found it im- possible to give effect to the agreement. Since then it has been announced that a fresh understanding bad been come to, peruarance of which the contractors are to complete the undertaking by the end of March next, and receive as a bonus for doing so £4,000. One is curious to know whether in the meantime the whole of the receipts from passenger and goods traffic, minus the small percentage on the latter which the Government are now content with, are to go to the contractors. In this connection a question recently asked by a correspondent is very much to the purpo3 e. Beferring to the fact that the construc tion of the railway from the Border to the Broken Hill' township was to beat once proceeded with, and carried oat with the utmost expedition, he* wished to know whether the Messrs. Millar Brothers, who also have the contract for that line, are to have the right of curving material over the Silverton Rail- way free so long as that railway remains in their hands. Thin ' fa an' important: point, and it will be interesting to know how far the interests of South -Australia have been protected in.theT matter. No ontfcan blame 'M^m*. Millur Brothers for making, the-besfc bargain they can, bat the Gbmnuffiioner of Public — Werk» will be highly censurable if ha has allowed them to profit at the expense of the country in any arrangement that has been made. The outbreak of', the - Tes tulpa rush has certainly yielded them a golden, harvest, and so far as wb can judge they are to have a monopoly of the conveyance of passengers between Petersburg and MknmyhflT for three months longer. Speaking of the Broken. HOI exten sion railway, it will have been noticed that Mr. EL 'Ward and such of his constituents as have allotments at Cockburn, the township recently laid out on the Border, are * hopelessly at issue as to what constitutes South ' Australia's duty towards that youthful settlement. The* people of Cockburn plead that they, had 'reason to suppose when they bought land that the Government intended bo to arrange the traffic as to make their township an im portant centra Mrl -'Ward Iaughs:' to, soom the idea of anything being done in ' furtherance of this view. He rejoices exceedingly at the prospect of Broken hill being the eastern terminus of the Silverton Railway, and contemplates.with the utmost satisfaction the prospect of Xha .trade concentrating itself',- ther \ ; It would seem that In his judgment South Australia has-nbthing.-to wish', lor liggondi being carrier for the' Broken HQ1-' Com- pany' and suck other, customers, of the railway as New South Wales can produce. It is nothing to *'« that* the Sydney merchants will get the Silverton and Broken/ Hill trade j^and' that the great central depot for the traffic in- stock and stores for the Albert .pastoral district will be Silverton or Uroken Hill, and not Cockburn or some other South Aus tr&lian; township. Uow cosmopolitanism of this- sort 7s all very w«B In its way, but it is reasonable to look for some return even, among ' nations for favours shown. We — adTnft-~taat . it would be the height ; of absurdity — a mere Idle* obstruction to trade and a bootless. * waste of ' time and money — to require all goods, to be tran shipped at Cockburn j . but inasmuch as South Australia has naturally^ the command of ihe Barrier '?' Ranges mineral traffic, ' and of much of the Albert district pastoral traffic too, she may be excused far adopting the course which, without prejudicing 'her control of the rrituafcEoh jwill further her Interests in every, possible Vay.' It is cniTfliah to talk 'of ~a rail way from Sydney being -a -competitor 'for the ' traffic. The- Darling' may 'take'soiae of it, but wheiiland carriage is 'concerned the railway of, 250 miles must 'have an immeasurable advantage- over ;the raHway of 6G0 mUes. It is certain that ^NewSouth Wales. wQUxiake themostof her : position. Her merchants and producers are even now laughing In their sleeve at the prospect 61 getting full command of the Barrier trade;, alii that we claim is that in arranging' for conducting the traffic over the. .private Company's rails South Australia shall do all that can fairly be .done to keep not only the carriers1 bn^nesa-^thai win be hers under any ctBCums&ices-;— but as much as possible of thV.^rade of a district which geographically belongs to .her although attached 'to another colony. /Whatever the. Commissioner, may' do it Is to be hoped he will not 'bind' the colony for any great length, of time? If the arrangement entered into, which; must necessarily be of an experimental character, is for a short period little harm can be done, as at the renewal of the sgreement such modifications as experiem a has suggested can be introduced, A Steam 'Fm&jssQtsa.;— The City Council- are , very ' anxious that their attitude, towards the question of obtain ing a steam fire-engine shall not be misunderstood. ' It 'appears Oat a whole twelvemonth ago ; the : matter engaged their serious attention^ and Instructions were given to their representative upon the Fire Brigades Board to urge upon his colleagues the neceHsitjr of obtaining an engine without delay. It is much to the credit of the Council that they should . have taken this stand, and it is greatly to be regretted that : their initiative did not result indefinite action. Hie Board did not pooh-pooh . ihe-afiair ; far from It They pleaded poverty, and in due course the subject dropped out of mind. Now that the terrible 'experiences- of Christmas Eve have' brought home to the citizens the -danger of trusting to the ordinary water supply a& a means of extinguishing fires, it is necessary that a renewed and de termined effort should be made to procure an engine.- The total cost 13 estimated at about £600, and it ia absurd that so small a sum: ? should, stand in the 'sj of the purchase of -this sppini—, irhlzh is likely in the 'course of 3 ia~ yeorsjto cave its cost a' hundred timcj over. TThen it ? is remembered thai the 60=1253 dose by 'the 'fire' referred to ind- ded :le lea of two valuable livea ard P^P^ ?fb the extent ? ox zq~z £jG,0C0, and- that.: the arrest of :La fames a qaarter of an' hc*i? zeersr mL,hfc have meant the savins cf tie —en uJid of \- thousands of pounds3 'nvrth cf property. It *iH be seen how impi-rcni It is that ,the best appliances should be available. If only those most directly interested in fh6 matter would put their shoulders to the wheel all difficulties would yaniah. So, long, however, ,as_jthe. Qity^ , Coancil say 'Oar contribution shall be, limited to £100,' and the' Government say ''We do not sea why we should pay anything,' und the Insurance Companies say ' It does not rest with us to protect the city,' no pro gress can be made. The question j^'osc be approached in & very dif^rent soirit from this. It will pav the Corpora tion, to iaCJSaae their offer, it will pay the Government to give their quota towards the cost, and ib will pay the Insurance Companies over and over again to raise by far the greater part of the money. The City Council representative on the - - ire Brigade Board is once more to try his skill, and this time he should succeed. Surely if those upon whom re3ta the duty of providing the engine and other ap pliances which cannot safely be done without were to meet in conference they could come to an agreement in ha1! an hour. In any event it will be nothing but sheer recklessness to neglect past warnings, and go on as if present arrangements were everything that could be wished for. If His Worship the Mayor and Alderman Solomon will only take the subject in Hand we feel sure that before many months are over Ade laide will rejoice in the possession of an engine which will virtually enable it in time3 of fire' to defy the drawbacks of a low pressure of water. Mails.— The next incoming mails per Orient steamer for the neighbouring colonies will be landed in thi3 colony and sent over land. The Ihwasd Mail.— The P. & O. steamer Bengal arrived at Albany on Monday at 12.30 p.m., and, allowing for her usual deten tion there, may be expected to arrive at Glenelg early on Friday morning. 'MWRK-RS OT TEB MlXISTKY 0~S THB Muebat. — The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. H. Howe) and the Minister of Education (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) returned from Morgan by tha midday train on Mon day. They iiad met the Messrs. Chaffey Brothers lower down the river on the Satur day, and had accompanied them as far as Morgan. We understand that the trip was an unofficial one. Th3 Codlet Moth Plague. — Infor mation was received at the CommiB siooer of Crown Lands' Office on Monday morning that the codlin moth plague wa3 spreading to rather an alarming extent. An Inspector under the Act reported that all the orchards in Wattle- street, Fullarton, are in feated, while the pest has also made its ap pearance in a number of gardens in the neigh bourhood of the North-terrace Lunatic Asy lum. Thb Roskwobthy College. — Notwith standing the resignation of Professor Cos tance as Principal of the Roseworthy College, arrangements are being made for the openiig of the College on February 1. Mr. Molesworth, who has acted a3 Chemical Lecturer, will be in temporary charge of the institution. It has been airanged that gentle men dutBide the College shall deliver lectures on various subjects there. Fora TSSSPASSSES QlJABAXTrSED. — A telegram from Dr. Toil was received by the President of the Central Board of- Health on Monday stating that four persons landed 'on Torrens Island that morning, and after wards* left. ' The police wera then sent after them, The Chief Secretary ordered that if the men were taksn they should be detained at a separate part of the island until further Instructions were given for prosecuting or otherwise dealing with them. The penalty to which they are liable ia £200 or sir months' imprisonment. We learn from our Port Reporter that the party included Mesara. Arthur Venable, Edward Clark, Walter Paa quill, and Albert Venn, young men, who wera employed in the Locomotive Department. It: appears that they got into difficulties while sailing in a boat off the island. The stay ol the boat carried away, and they were forced to land upon the shore of the Quarantine Station. They went away again, but not before they had been seen by the watchful and energetic keeper, Mr. Lewis. He telephoned to Dr. Toll, and the police launch was sent down, two troopers proceeding along the shore. The party being captured off Snapper Point were put upon the island. ' They were separated from tha Preussen passengers and kept at the station during the night. This morning they will be sent to the cattle station, where they will be kept under the sur veillance of the police. The boat they were sailing in was quarantined along with them. In regard to the patients, Errington ia better, and all the others are going on well. Dr. Toll states that proper precautions were not taken with reference to the burial of the corpse on the arrival of the Preussen. The body had to be carried along the gangway in view of the passengers, but after the ceremony was performed the man in attendance did not , adopt right measures to prevent infection 'spreading. Doubtless the cool weather will greatly increase the comfort Of the imprisoned passengers. Suddet .Deaths. — Mounted - constable Wheatley, stationed at-Unley, reported to: Inspector Sullivan on Sunday that Selina Eddy, aged S months, daughter of Stephen Eddy, of Esaex-3treet, Goodwood West, died suddenly about 2 p.m. that day. In the morning the child was observed to be unwell, and just before its death it was breathing unusually heavy. Dr. Wigg was sent for, but before the doctor started from bis resi dence he received intimation of ths child's decease. The City Coroner having enquired into the case deemed an inquest unnecessary, death being due to prostration caused by the extreme heat of She weather. Jane Louisa Holmes, S3 yeara of age, and wife of John Holmes, a shoemaker cf Hilbert-Htreet, Park aide, died suddenly at her residence on Mon day afternoon. Mrs, Holme3 had until a few days before her death been under medical attendance aa she was suffering from rheuma tism, but on Monday morning when her husband left for his work she appeared un usually well. Late in the afternoon her niece oa going into Mrs. Holmea's room found her lying on the bed, and she then oom plained of being unwell. The girl went for Dr. Wigg, buS before he arrived Mrs. Holmes was dead. The Coroner has been, informed. On Monday morning, January 10, the City Coroner held an inquest at the Elephant and Castle Hotel, West terrace, en tha body of Mr. William Dredge, who was found dead in bed on the previous morning at Norwood, in the house of Mr. Mods Anderson, with whom he had been residing for sometime. Deceased, who was about 50 years of age, was a turner employed by Messrs. F. H. Clark & Co. His wife ia an inmate of the Lunatic Asylum, and she 13 the only relative he has in the colony. On Saturday Mr. Dredga complained of the heat, but appeared to be all right a3 regards bis health. Dr. John Astles made a post-mortem examination, and ascertained that the cause of death waa pleuro-pueumonia. The Jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony. On Monday morning an old man named Patrick Hanley was found dead on a sofa, at hi3 residence, Little King William-street, Kent Town. Information wa3 given to Lance-corporal Burchell by Agnes Lorrain, who had noticed Hanley lying down on the sofa when she was passing the window of the houEe, Hanley, who was a bachelor, resided alone. He wa3 employed for twenty-five years at the Kent Town Brewery, and waa last seen alive by hia next door neighbour between 2 and 3 p.m. on the previous day. Five case3 of sudden death from heat occurred at^ Port Adelaide and the surrounding districts on Sunday evening. In each case, with the exception cf that cf Mrs. Janet David, of Penny street, ? Exeter, certificates of death have been given by medical men. The case referred to ra reported to ths Coroner, who entrusted tie matter to Mr. H. W. Thomp son, J.P. TM3 gentleman having enquired into the clrcamstansea decided not to hold an inquest, and gave a certificate for burial. Post Adelaide Ksgatta.— The prizes won at this regatta were distributed In tha Port Town Eall on Mondsy evening by Hia Worship the Major (Mr. S. Malin, J.P.), before a lugs gathering of the Public. The Hon. Secretary (Mr, W. P. dark) ana the Hob. Treasurer (Councillor Cleave) mpported His Wbfehig- 6n xtheL plat form.. Ab~ tho . winnera ,0^ the cut erent eventB ? advanced, ipi 'tSceivo their prizes they were greeted with roanflsr of ap plause, and. the Jt^ ^ ^ .|QS|iac6 eadedafew wo^s of congratulation or on C05ragement to the recipient. . THe winnero of the Ladies' Pair-oar Eaca (Misses ^Eobb and Buesnell) met with exceptional applause, they having won the raoa two years in succession. At the close of the distribution the Hon. Secretary said he hoped that preparations for the next regatta would be begun earlier, so that more money would be collected. Successful regattas were now held at Port Augusta, Wallaroo, and elsewhere, and endeavours should be made to get crews from these places to com pete at Port Adelaide. More might also be done by the local inhabitants in small sab Ecriptions, and he suggested that themusi cianB of the town should give entertainments in aid of the regatta funds. The trophy pre sented by the Napier Johnstone Whisky Company through Messrs. Harrold Brothers was very handsome, and next year he hoped to see additional ones. Mr. J. H. Hannay proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayor. Councillor Morris seconded, and Hh Worship replied. Mr. W. G. Randall proposed a vote of thanks to the Hon. Secretary. Mr. Clark, in replying, said he should be glad to offer hia services at - any future time. - He had been ably assisted by the committee, headed by His Worship the Mayor, and he must also acknowledge the assistant volunteered him by Mr. B, H. Laker, hia predecessor as Secretary. Mr. G. Willimott proposed a vote of thanks to Captain Whitmore, of the Ashmore, \ who gave the use of bis vessel a3 the flagship, Captain Whitmore replied, saying that as an old visitor to Port Adelaide he waa always glad to further its interests and pleasures, Mr. Clark mentioned that Captain Patterson, of the Duncraig, had kindly offered his ship to the committee on hearing there waa a little difficulty in obtaining a flagship, and the offer was only declined as the Ash more had just Deen. adopted. The public proceedings closed with cheers for the Queen. His Worship the Mayor and a number of the Regatta Committee, with several visitors, then adjourned to the Mayor's Parlour, where loyal and compli mentary toasts were drunk and responded to. The Bervkea of the Mayor aa Chairman of the Committee, the Hon. Secretary, the Trea surer, the Judges and Starters, the Harbourmaster, and others were highly SDoktn of, and the gentlemen referred to each acknowledged the compliment, Mr. Clark wished it to be specially known that it was solely bis action in obtaining the Jeau Pierre as a second flagship, and that Captain Bickers (her owner) derived no benefit what ever from the transaction. Taken altogether the regatta was acknowledged to be one of the best, there being a larger EurpluB than last year, notwithstanding the continued depression. State Children's Council. — It is not the intention of the Government to appoiat another member of the State Children's CouncE to till the vacancy caused by Mr. H. W. Thompson not accepting the position. The Attoesey-Genebal at the Impbbial Cosfeeescs.— We understand that Mr. E. Ward, M.P., has received a telegram from Mr. Allerdale Grainger, who is at present in Melbourne, suggesting that h.6 (Hr. Gramger) and Mr.' Ward Bhould call a public meeting in Adelaide protesting against the 'absence of the Premier from the colony on the eve of a general election. The suggestion has not,. we believe, met with, the approval of the ho a. member for Frome. ; r ' , Me. Oswald Bbows.'— This' gentleman, who was formerly Hydraulic Engineer in South Australia, has been appointed Con sulting Engineer for Waterworks for our Government in London. Mr. Brown will fill the office rendered vacant by the death of Mr. Homersham. ; City Council.— At a meeting of the City Council on Monday the question of the neces sity for having a steam fire-engine for the protection o£ property in the city waa broDghfcup, and , the former proposal o£ the Council to contribute £100, viz., one-sixth of the cost of such an appliance, was renewed, and a report on the subject by the Town Clerk was ordered to be sent to the Fire Brigades Board. The Building Surveyor reported that the whole of the walls of the Academy of Musisnow standing should be taken down to the level of the Eet-off of the fire-reaisting ceiling, and that the material composing the walls was unfit for future use in reconstruc tion. The matter was referred to the Public Works Committee, The Hkdley-sieeet Fiee.— We are officially informed that the property destroyed by fire at Mr. Stevens'a shop, HIndley -street, was insured aa, follows :— The building in the London and Lancashire Insurance Company for £600, and the con tents in the Lion Insurance Company for £300. . . City Land and Investment Compaxy.— The adjourned meeting of shareholders of this Company has been ' fixed for Friday afternoon next, at 3 o'clock. The committee appointed by the shareholders have, as re quested by the last meeting, been in commu nication with. Messrs. Graves,. Newlaud, Reynell, 'and Sparks, but the result of the ?correspondence is kept' secret. ' We under stand,' however, that the gentlemen referred to have refused to adopt a suggestion made by the committee that they should refund the purchaae-money received by them for land sold to tho Company, At the meeting to be held on Friday the case which has been submitted for the opinion of counsel will be read, aa will also the opinion. The following recommendations adopted at the last meeting of the share holders relates to these points :—' Your committee recommend— (1) That they be authorized to communicate with Mr. Graves and Messrs. Sparks and Reynell, with a view to ascertain if they are respectively prepared to refund the purchase-money received by them on the lands purchased from them respectively being retransferred, and with Mr. Newland, in order to ascertain if he ia prepared to re fund to the Company the £475 profit made by him on his sale; and failing a satisfactory settlement, that the committee be further authorized to take the opinion of counsel, and such proceedings on behalf of the Com pany as he may advise.' On the documents to be presented doubtless some action will be taken. This business being disposed of, it is probable that Mr. Moalden will refer again to the Bale of Feuerheerdfa stables, and ask those present to express an opinion on the conduct cf Mr. H. Y. Sparks (the Secretary) in connection'with that matter. Deai-~ags Wobks at Ketgstos-. —The last report received by the Government from the Kingston Drainage Works, dated January 6, Btates that ' 1 mile 52 chains of the main drain had been let. Several claims finished near the old cutting. Expect to fi™*ah up to the railway by the end of the month. At present 153 men are employed in the work, and of these 53 were taken on during the weak. Only five of theae had passes for Adelaide. Can employ as many more men as plant ia provided for.' When thia telegram waa received the Commissioner of Crown Lands decided to send down two relays of men of twenty-five each. The first twenty- five were dispatched on Saturday, and the other twenty-five on Monday morning. The men were sent on the distinct understanding that they would have to look.after their own pro visioning, the tools alone being found for them, Goyebshest Tekdebs.— At the Engineer in-Chiefa Office on Monday, January 10, tenders were opened for the extension of the wharf at Port Pirie, Four tenders were re ceived, the lowest beins that of Mr. W. M. Hedges. At the Superintendent of Public Buildings' Office the tender of Mr. R. C. Crunali; was the lowest of four Bent in for re pairs and Improvements to the teacher's resi dence at Wocdchester. Juvenile Yzhdobs,— On Monday morning Messrs. S. Dixon, L. P. Lawrence, C. A. Murphy, and C, Sanders waited upon His Worship tie Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. E. T. Smith) in the Mayor's Parlour, In the interests of the Boys' Brigade and juvenile vendors generally. The deputation asked that the Corporation should isaroe. licences to properly conducted members of ths Boys' Brigade as juvenile vendors of newspapers, &c;, and that glm JbV4nclo3edx in- ftfl-Jl&eiudnK; ayatenifr The arguments? ad,vanc«d 'wer? ^thatT^i the T system of UeenBm& the general public would r be in a measure, ..protected from L tho pcculaj *? tiofis o£ anprinclDlsd w- ^ u Quij bei , longed to the Brigade and had a licence could easily be traced by the dis tinctive badge^ or number and puniahed, that the boyB and girls by being licensed ; would be under greater control, and the pur chasing public would, if they took care to observe a boy's number, run lesa risk of bsing imposed upon. Several instances of miscon : duct and impropriety by boys and girls as juvenile vendors were related, and the Mayor was strongly urged to consider the impor tance of bringing these young people under some sort of legal control by licensing-, Mr. C. A. Murphy, in answer to a question from the Mayor, said the juvenile licensing system waa found to work well in New York, and one of the principal advantages waa the easy detection and punishment x-i dishonesty where lads under licence were concerned. If. a person gave a lad a letter to post or a coin to change he had only to take bis nu nher and upon his failing to fulfil his trust report him to the proper authorities. The knowledge of such a system of detection was a great deterrent. The deputation desired to make it clear that there was not the slightest intention to make a revenue out of the licences ; in fact if there were any expense it would be chetrfiillf borne, as the wish waa to benefit the Boys? Brigade and protect! the young girls from evil influence. The Mayor said he full? recognised the importance of the matter, and as for the question of revenue he did not imagine there was any thought ol making a profit out of Jie lads. The City Council fully realized the importance of placing some restriction upon juvenile vendors. It had engaged the attention of the previous Cor poration, and also the Municipal Association, but the latter had not the power under the Act of Parliament to deal with it in a decisive way, The Social Parity Society had also drawn attention to the subject. The Council would take action this coming year, and an effort would be made to induce the Government to pass a short Bill dealing wish the matter. Nothing could be done without Parliamen tary sanction, but an attempt would be made to get it. He recognised the necessity of registering the boys, but aa to saying that the girls should not be licensed he would not £O so far as to Bay they should not be p!ac-.d In the same category aa the boya. The Town Clerk drew attention to the question of boys for light porters. The Mayor said the licensed boye would have to be made to keep out of the barrier and not interfere with the porters on the railway stations. It was pointed out that boys -properly licensed would be useful in connection with the Jnbilee Exhibition as light porters and messengers for visxtors. After some further conversation the deputation withdrew on the promise of the Mayor that the question of licences should not be lost sight of. The Late Captaet Sajtdebsox,— Wo are asked to correct an error which crept into our notice of the death of the above gentle man. . Captain Sanderson waa born on February 11, 1841, and waa therefore in bis 46th year at the time of hia death. The funeral took place yesterday afternoon, and was attended by a considerable number of the friends of the late respected captain. Ths Small Fiee at New Queesbtowh.— The Coroner has made enquiries as to a small fire which destroyed an outhouse and part of a feace belonging to A. Panll, seaman, at New Queenstown on Thursday. An Inquest was deemed -unnecessary, Kiosqub fob -the Exhibitios.— Mesars, Withall& Wells, architects, have designed to the order of Mr. F. W, Luoy, of Messrs] Horrocks & Co., of Adelaide, an ornamental kiosque, which ia intended to form a promi nent feature in the external arrangements of the Jubilee Exhibition Buildings. The build ing, which will be chiefly of galvanized iron and glass, will stand at the north-west corner of the first intersection of the walk leading from the steps to the river. An octagon in shape it will rise over 50 feet high and 65 feet in diameter. It will bs lit by a dome from the centre and court lights from the roof. In the division of ground space the octagonal arrangement is preserved. The centre will be an octagonal stand, from which radiate eight avenues, the space between each of which will be used for the display of the various articles of which the enterprising owners of the curious building are the importing agents. An Appeal. — Attention is directed by t wo correspondents— Bishop Kennion and Mr. T. B. Baker— to the sad calamity which has overtaken the Rev. Eowland' Hayward, of West Charlton, Victoria, but late paator of All Souls', East Adelaide, and late of the South-East. Oar Victorian correspondent recorded in yesterday's issue that the Cbarlton parsonage had been on fire, the daughter of Mr. Hayward burned to death, and the whole of the con: tents of the building destroyed. Mr. Biker undertakes to receive subscriptions to assist the reverend gentleman, and the Bishop adds that he knows 'ho«v much pecuniary help will be needed in the family at this sad time.' Subscriptions may be forwarded to Mr. Stiircke]at the Church Office, Leigh Btreet. We shall be glad' to receive any which may be sent for the same object. Fedsbated Seamen's Union.— A meeting cf the local branch of this Union was held at the iriendly Societies' Rooms, Port Ade laide, on Monday evening. The President (Mr, H. J. Pudney) presided, !5&e; balance sheet for 1S86 showed the receipts to be £1,281 10a, 9d,, including £565 19a. 9d. credit balance from last year, and the expenditure £454 6s. 8d., leaving a balance to the credit of the Union of £824 33. 2d. A donation of £15 was voted towards the Adelaide Hos pital, The election of officers forlSSJ then took place, and resulted as follows :— Presi- dent, Mr. H. J. Padney ; Secretary, Mr. F. J, Morris; Committee, Brothers G. Home, B, Jamieson, T, Maya, and R, Russell, Anotheb Shark at the Post.— Several sharks have been seen lately in the Port Adelaide River. The master of the barque Edward reported to the Port police that during Sunday a shark about 10 feet long waa hovering about his vessel at No. 1 Quay. Great caution should be exercised by bathers, . Cooks asd Stewabd3' Uniok.— At the usual meeting of this Society held at the Sailors' Home on Monday evening the President- (Mr; 6. Cooper) presided, and there was a good attendance. The revised rules ; received from the late Conference in Melbourne were adopted, and several accounts in connection with the Conference were passed for payment. It wa3 decided to present the Treasurer (Mr. Smith) with a medal suitably inscribed for services ren dered. Thia waa to cost about 3 guineas. Mr, G. Cooper was re-elected as President for the ensuing year, Mr. Day as VicePresi dent, Mr. G. Hill as Secretary, Mr. Smith as Treasurer, and Messrs. Brown and VosDer as Auditors. Mr. C. Smith was appointed delegate to the Maritime Council. The Rainfall.— Subjoined is the rainfall for the forty-eight hours ending January 10, at 9 a.m. -.—Port Darwin, 1*220 ; Yam Creek, 0110; Daly Waters, 0D80; Powell's Creek, 0*250 ; Tennanf s Creek, 0'165 ; Port EliiBton, 0*015 ; Port Lincoln, 0 OiO. The Successor to Ato*trat. Tryok.— The cable announcement of the replacement of Admiral Tryon, Commander-In-Cbief of the Pacific Station, whose head-quarters are at Sydney, by Admiral Fairfax, C.B., ha3 natually excited (says the Age) not a little remark in naval circles, Coming, .83 it does, by cable, without any explanatory remarks, the statement, whose authenticity is not impugned, must be read from two alternative points of view. In the first place it is more than probable that the new appointment, conditionally made, Is intended only to take effect from the date of the expiry of Admiral Tryon's present appointment in October next, and that Admiral Fairfax Is 'pricked,' much ss sheriffs are, to succeed Mm, On the other hand, it may be (although should this be the case the Admiral will no doubt be fully advised by cable), that the Home authorities, alive to the imminence of a general convulsion, wish to confer with fr'p Admiral cf the station, as well aa with the Naval Commandant of Victoria, about to visit England on long leave, and whose advice, Tryon, j will, ,03^ part^culMly, .valuable. Althotip'^e ^prjomii-seat, not '|,« -yet Steiiy :.maoV$a 'W' to wia&-0i ? J$- satisfactory : to find that the colonies; are fair];.' dealt with, and sot made the ? peg upon, which to pension an old and deserv ing', officer, whose declining years cought to be the care of the Admiralty and' not that of the Australian Colonies, Admiral Henry Fairfax, C.B., whose name (fair I - hair) shows hia Saxon origin, is a member of the historic family, one of whom ' had too much wit' to be. present at the trial of Charles the First. In later times the senior branch emi grated to America, settled in Virginia, form ing a not ungrounded suspicion of providing matter for two of Thackeray's moat popular novels, and also tried their luck in California. Although the ancient seat of Farnley Hall, overlooking the lovely valley of the Wharfe, passed into the hands of the Hawksworih Fawkes family, the Fairfaxes by no means lost their .grip of ths West Riding, the lamented ' Ferdy Fairfax' peingthe best and the boldest master the York and Ain3ty Hunt - has ever known. The nominee to the important; Pacific Station dates bis captain's commisroon from April 3, 1S68, being ' appointed Admiral after a service of 17 years, : daring which he commanded one of the moat formidable ire n dads in the Mediterranean squadron, on July L, 1885. An asterisk prefixed to Admiral Eaiifax'a name in the ' Navy List' indicates his right, applied for and granted,- to wear foreign decorations. Admiral Fairfax4'* status in the Royal Navy is thus briefly given in the ** Navy List' :— ' Fairfax, Henry, C.B., Rear-Admiral, July 1, 1885.' On refe rence to the Hat of Rear- Admirals authorized to wear foreign decorations, he : appears as qualified to bear the Turkish order of the Osmanieh of the third class, Admiral Tryon appearing on the same list as decorated with the Medjidie of the third class. Effect of the Heat ox Apiabies.— The continued hot weather has in some instances proved rather disastrous to apiarists, and more particularly to those who keep their bees in the old-fashioned boxes or have not taken sufficient precautions to protect their hives from the direct rays of the sun. The damage is caused through the comb breaking down and smothering the bees. ' Thia is owing to the intense heat softening the' wax. In some instances even of bar-framed 'hives the combs have broken down ; but it has been noticed that those who took the precaution to wire their frames have been more fortu nate than those who did not happen to do so. Locomotive Woeks.— We understand that owing to the intense heat the locomotive works were closed on Monday after 9 o'clock In the morning. Thb 'Hobsham Times' Almasac— We have received from the; proprietor a copy of this almanac, with which ia incorporated a directory for the Wimmera district. The work ia replete with the fullest local infor mation, but the following paragraph as to fiorsbam has a special interest to travellers on the Intercolonial Railway :— !|The chief town of the Wimmera district ia on the. River Wimmera, 230 miles from Mel bourne, 282 from Adelaide, 130 from Ballarat, 80 from Hamilton, and 53 from Stawell, Macadamized streets, and asphalted foot paths now add to the comfort of the resi dents. There is a splendid water supply under the control of the Borough Trust, the ?streets, business places, and private Houses are lit with 'gas of good quality, 'wnilsli ^im posing and substantial buildings, busy foun dries, mills, and other factories indicate a thriving district centre. Tastefully Iafd-but Botanical Gardens lead to the river, on the bank's pf , whioh are pleasant :', yraltie .! , Situated jn the heart of an exceedingly fertile district, the Agricultural and Pastoral Soo!ety: is naturally considered one of, the moat important oi Horsham institutions, and in connection with the Society a grand Show; is held in the spring of each year.' At ths 1886 Exhibition Sir Henry. B, Loch, Governor of Victoria, was present,' and the Minister of Agriculture will probably decide upon the Society's Grounds aa the site for the Grand! National Show of 1887. Being about equidistant from 'Melbourne and Adelaide, and possessing, amongst; other conveniences, accommodation .unequalled outside those cities, travellers will doubtless make Hor sham .the 'Jialfway house' on the. Intercolo nial Railway, which has just been completed, and will be handed over to the Government within a few day's.* At. Mount Arapiles, the Grampians, and other ranges -within easy driving distance of the town, visitors may make pleasurable excursions and obtain extensive views of the surrounding country.' Large Shark. — We were shown this morning the tail fin of a shark measuring 10£ feet In length which was caught by Mr. E Elkan on Saturday afternoon in the North Arm. An Adelaide Solicitor in MELBOURNE— Mr. Edward Paris Nesbit, solicitor, of Ade laide, applied to the St. Kilda Bench yesterday (says the Argus of January 8) for a summons against Dr. Simmons, of Alma- street, St. Kilda, for that he did on May 29, 1885, falsely state that the informant was dangerous to himself, and others." In con sequence of the above certificate the ap plicant had been confined in the Kew Lunatic Asylum for two months. Mr. Nesbit pleaded that when brought before the Court, charged with lunacy, he had been afforded no opportunity to cross examine the witnesses. He now had the evidence of from twenty to thirty witnesses to prove that at the time referred to he was not "dangerous to himself and others." He also stated that probably a suit for damages would be entered In the Supreme Court. The Magistrates (Messrs. Finlay, Smith, and Steinfeld), without giving any reasons, de clined to comply with the applicant's request Rabbit-proof Fence on the Border,— Tenders for the material of the rabbit-proof fence to be constructed on the South Aus tralian Border were dealt with yesterday (says . the Melbourne Daily Telegraph of January 8) by the Board of Land and Wcrka, Over forty tenders were re ceived, and the following were an nounced as accepted:— 111 miles of wire: netting, . Brlscoe; & Co., £2,430 . 188. ; 55,000 wrongHt-Iron standards of; colonial manufacture, William Egerton, £1,541 7s. 6d, ; 25 tons barbed .wire, James McEwan and Co., £562 10s.:2 tons galvanized wire, W. H; Wischer, £26 10s.;. 12 tons No. 10 wire, BrlscoB & Co., £136 16a. This is the whole material for the portion of the fence to be con structed at the joint expense of Victoria aud South Australia. The sum placed on the Esti mates of the Lands Department for the work is £8,000. Much of the boundary is protected by rabbit-proof fences erectad by privat3 enterprise. Maintenance of Order in Egypt.— An outline of the scheme which is said to be likely to be adopted for the maintenance of order in Egypt was telegraphed to the Times on November 21 by ita Cairo correspondent aa follows:—' I have reason to believe that SirH. D. Wolffs andMukhtar Pasha's recom mendations to their respective Governments will advocate a convention between England and Turkey on the followingbases :— The recog nition by England of Turkey's supremacy over Egypt, England to undertake the maintenance of order in the interior and -the defence of the country from foreign aggresaion at a fixed annual charge, payable from the Egyptian Budget. The British troops to be- dispensed with at the earliest practicable date, and, ?with tbiB object, the army to be in creased and reorganized under an increased number of English and, possibly, some Turkish officers. Mean while, provided the next three months show ao revival of the rebellion on the frontier, the British force there to be with drawn to Assiont, leaving the protection of the Assouan- Wady Haifa frontier to the Egyptian army. The Cairo garrison also to be transferred ? to Alexandria. The British force would thus^ be ^divideo! be tween Alexandria and Assiout,' each within striking distance of any part of Egypt, while Cairo, as the holy city, would be evacuated. The English administrative pre ponderance in questions of finance and public works would continue, hot the Department of the Interior and Justice would remain exclusively Egyptian. I make thia statement -riih all reserve. Assuming it to be sub stantially correct, the weakest point appears to be that relating to justice. It is im possible effectually to guarantee order unless the tribunala can be relied upon authorities. Tha moBt perfect system for If the detection of crime ib useless unless there I exietB a power to punish/ 4° even stronger I DJ^02 Um ?** *« ^ that the pOireri j cannot be expected to abandon the capitulations unless there exist Courts more worthy of confidence than the native tribunals. It is understood that Nubar Pasha, who is strongly opposed to the surren dering of the judicial administration, meets this difficulty by proposing to place all jurisdiction under the control of the mixed in ternational Courts. But in their existing state the remedy would not b8 muoh better than the disease. Provided England assumed also complete control of and responsibility for the administration of justice, thereby procuring the abolition or even suspension of the capitulations, there would exist no In surmountable objection to the general bases of the arrangement.' Transportation in Bprmah.— The Times of India of October 29 says that some ugly stories are in circulation with regard to the mismanagement of the Transport Depart ment in Burmah. One correspondent men-! tions an instance in which a European regi ment was kept waiting on the strandbsnk at Rangoon for a whole day In the burning October sun without an awning or any: other shelter than that afforded by a few straggling cccoanut- tree?. Another : corre spondent Sells of men suffering from dysen tery, fever, and other complaints being fed on Chicago beef daring their passage down the river to Rangoon, and of their wanting the most necessary comforts. A third correspondent, who Is himself a private soldier, writes to a friend in Calcutta to describe the manner in which the Queen'a Regiment were treated on their voyage from Calcutta to Rangoon in the steamship Secundra, Nine hundred men were carried by tills steamer, although it is said that she had only accommodation for 600; and, as a result, the men suffered a great deal from the overcrowding. The soldier thus describes the voyage :— ' We were packed like sardines in a box; the heat on board the s.a. Secundra down below was intolerable, but, notwith standing this, our officers compelled us to keep below with scarcely sufficient air to facilitate breathing, and forced us to wear our jackets daring meal times. Secondly] we were forcibly reminded that we were under the ironrod of military discipline in that we were ordered to clean our accoutrements and parade every day ; and, lastly, we had no room to Bleep. And I can safely assure you that more than 100 British men were com pelled to stand looking over the bulwarks; and why? Listen ! because every place where there waa room for a man to stretch himself in anything but a horizontal position was occupied. We had two deaths on board both men died of heat—' heat apoplexy,' one of them you might have seen. He attempted to go out on the companion-ladder to sleep, and we brought him in ; he only lived in the greatest agony until 2 a.m. (Private Hill), Tuesday, October 5, we kept him on board until we got out of the river, then buried him, Another (Murray, of the band) man died next day of tho same complaint, and another af t;r disembarkation at Rangoon.' . Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan's New Opera,— A writer in the World Of November 24 gave the following apparently official account of Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera :—' Respecting the new Savoy opera, I beg .to say that the title Is not ' fixed. The' title' never, ;is 'fixed before the last moment. ? The piece is quasi - melodramatic' in' character^ with a strong supernatural. flavour in, the second act, I mnai nob say. what thia is. The date of the piece is 1810. .The first act takes place In a seaport village; the second in a mansion in the neighbourhood of thai; seaport yillage. Grossmith and Barring ton play strongly contrasted parts of , a melodramatic character. Lely play a man of-nrkr'B-man. Mr. Temple plays a ghost. Miss Bond is a gipsy girl who has gone mad lor the love of a. wicked baronet, Mies Braham a village girl, and MIsa Brandratn an elderly Borrow- Btricken dame. It ia expected that the dresses (which are scrupulously exact reproductions of the dresses of. 1810) will prove to be a remarkable feature in the piece. Thecostumea of the chorus will be worth seeing, and they cost over- £1,800. These dresses have been in preparation for some months, and are now approaching com pletion. I have seen it stated that the scene of the piece is laid in Egypt, and that its object Is to satirize British administration fn that country. I have even read in a wall known journal what professes to be an ab stract oi the plot, based upon this assump tion. Hating, as I do, giving incorrect news, I asked Mr. Gilbert himself. He says ;— * I have not taken the trouble to contradict these statements, partly because the matter ia of no ceneral interest, but chiefly because I am always pleased to mislead American pirates, who are invariably on the lookout for an opportunity of forestalling us in the United States. I am assured that an opera, on the subject of British administration In Egypt is already in preparation in New York. I have ^nothing to add, except that I am very glad to hearit, andlhopeit istrue,'' .'. '^ .:; , .tIbePBince. op Wales.— I have before (writes 'Atlas,' in the World) recorded a ysmpathetic. visit of the Prince of Wales to poor Archer's burial- place in the Newmarket Cemetery, and a further touching incident of bis Royal Highness's kindly nature'has since come to my knowledge; On the Bameday the Prince expressed a desire to see the child of his favourite jockey, and a message to that; effect was sent to Mrs. John Dawaon, who has charge of her little granddaughter1. The latter happened to be out with her nurse; at the time j but on their return Mra..BswBoh,| accompanied by Miss Annie Da wson and tlie child, drove over to Kennett, ; where, chia Royal Highness waa shooting, and explained the object of her viBit. On. being informed thereof the Prince instantly requested an interview, and after shaking hands moat 'cor! dially with Mrs. and Miss Dawson he took the child on his lap, kissed her, and gave her sweets, before handing ' baby' back to her grandmother, ' '-J Albert Clark Memorlui FtJND.-^-Tne committee in connection, with the above fund will met this afternoon at the office of Messrs. Jacobs, Hart, & Co. ;, - ? - Defiance Sashlock.— A neat and ex ceedingly simple contrivance for fastening windows has been shown to us by, the patentee (Mr. D. Moritz). It is capable of adjustment to any windows, does away with sashweights, keeps the window at any re- quired height, and will also lock the window to the sash either when up or down. Immigration and Emigration.— Dating the -week ending Saturday, Janaary, 8; the number of persons who arrived at Port Ade laide by sea was. 546. , Of these 503 came from Melbourne, 12 from London, and 31 from Albany^ During the same perioa 686 persons left: Port Adelaide by sea. .Of thia number 598 went to Melbourne, 86 to New- South Wales, 1 to Mauritius, and 1 to Marseilles. ; ' Adelaide Philharmonic Society;— The first rehearsal for the ' Creation,'- which ia to be given on Good Friday, waa held lathe Banqueting-room of the Town Hall? last nighfc Taking into consideration the great heat that has obtained for -some days the attendance was excellent, and-theattack and verve of the chorus spoke volumes for the \- perseverance of Professor Ive's. The first orchestral rehearsal is fixed for Wednesday evening next. ; Adelaide Musical Association. — The first meeting of the recently formed Adelaide Musical Association was held at Marshall and Sona'Musio-rooms on Monday evening. There was a good attendance of members. Several choruses of Gounod's 'Redemption' werie rehearsed, after which rales and regulations for the government of the Association were passed. Messrs. Hillary, Jacobs, D. Leake, McKechnie, S. L. Moody, and Loutit were ebctsd a Committee of Management, Mr. A. W. Marshall Treasurer, and Mr. P. A. Howells Hon. Secretary. . Rivsb Levels. — The following figures show the state of the rivers- at the under mentioned places, at 9 a.m. on Monday, January 10 :— Murray— Overland Corner* 12 it, 11 in. MuTTumbidgee— Gundagai,SJ6. jWagga Wagga, 3 ft. 9 in.; Hay, 2 ft.;., Balranald, 8 ft. 1 in. Darling— Bourke, 15; it: 7 inf, Louth, 14 ft. 9 in.; WiIoanMa,;£4ft.; 5;ini; Menindie, 27 ft 2 in,; Pooncariei 23 ft. 9 in.: Wentworth, 15 f fc ; Tflpa, 23 fi 6 In. Namoi and Barwon— Mungundi, 5 ft.* Mont and Brewarrbaa, 3 ft. 6 in.; Barman at Walgett, low. Culgoa— Goodpga, 3 ft.. ? .-. . - . : | 