THE SECOND. It was a lovely eve in summer time Some twenty years, I think, or more ago, And I was glad, as you are mw, my child, Watching the silver moonlight's rippled flow. And to myself I sang for purest joy, While fancy pictured many happy years, One figure always centre of my dream Ah me! I had not thought of doubts oe fears. My metal all to me was purest gold, My path wa3 strewn with time's most lovely flowers; My life, I thought, must wear its rosy hue Shatieless through all its happy sunlit hours. I knew that sometimes in some other lives A sudden storm had blackened all the skies. And that thenceforth some souls, all light bereft, Had looked on life with weary, hopsles* eyes. And I had read of women, patient, strong, t; With noble longings for the whole world . I,, wide, Who, making light for othera as they went, Walk ever with a shadow by their side. Some souls whose lips had oft so deeply drunk Life's mingled oup of sorrow and despair That flowers could never blossom on their way. That never more to them could earth seen fair. But I-ab, child! we.always think that we Are dedicate to some especial good, That we haveiathomed Bome sweet inyBtery Before our time bat dimly underatoud. IJOTP, that vu old when Time itself was new, Will still be new when Time has grown quite old; A frech, sweet story, fair and beautiful To each new listener, ever newly told. Tbank God each life is rounded to itself; Thank God the babe that was this morning bora Hm all earth's lovely possibilities, Its radiant evening and its dewy morn. Thank God no life can live unto itself, Else, were it so, how could we mortals bear, Un helped by any human sympathies, Our lonely weight of anguish and despair ? My tempest broke that hour of Ohristmu calm. The bellB were ringing loud and merrily; The moonlight wrapped the world in folds of peace, And all I loved on earth stood close to me. Close, but divided; hands and eyes might meet Across the tiny space that lay between; Oh ! but a gulf, impassable and deep. Yawned where close knitted bondB of love had been. And I sat silent, hopeless, Btupefied; The blow had fallen with such crashing weight; For I had Iored with such undoubting trust, And in my blindness had been so elate. He that I loved stood near me, as I said ; The moonlight struck all color from his face: Child, the sad imprint of that hour and scene Not death itself could from my mind erase. I see that pale face in the silver light; I see the fingers nervously entwine; The flickering shadows lying at my feet, Oast by the moonlight through the trailing vine. I see the golden lilies, straight and tall, The sweet white roses nodding to the breeze, The pendant guilder rose swing to and fro, And hear the whisper of the tall old trees, Andjthrough the stillness and the aching void I hear again that faithless shifting voioe. And my own answer, like the ghost of Bound, Bidding? him-proudly, coldly-take his choice. 1, or that other, both it could not be; And then a vision swept across my brain, A vision of a face angelic sweet. And clear blue eyes that had not looked on pain, I loved her, knowing not be loved her too, He bad been sworn as mine, and mine alone; But. child, some men are fickle, and the heart Won latest they most covet for a throne. I knew that she was true as heaven above, I knew that she was pure as stainless snow, I knew her life was sunlit from its birth; Could I strike at her heart its first hard blow ? And she was fragile as some lovely flower, And soon might wither at the touch of pain; But I was strong to fight and to endure That strength and patience should not be in vain, I opened wide my band, and let his drop, The treasure I had held so sacred-dear; One conscnus feeling only guiding me, It never had been mine-that thought was clear. Child, every day some woman does the like, For loss and pain are woman's lot below ; She may not pause above dead hopes to moan,* But hide them silently and onward go. And in that moment, seeing what he was, And how unworthy of a woman's trust, I pitied most the girl whose loving heart Had made an idol of such worthless dust. . But I was disillusionised. Ah, child! The bloom of trust comes never back again; Thp dew of life is dried for evermore When once it feels the scorch of wrong and pain. 