I&nmdr;* Man's Motlier-ia-Law It is a mystery which no one has vet so1 ve'cr; why to many sad jokes are const;; r.t'y fce:ng perpetrated about aiman's mother in-law What-dreadful crime has the unfortunate woman committed in providing the man with his %ife that he should bear such an undy ing gipidge egainst her? • Now if it was a woman's mother-in-iaw who Was made the butt of these jokes there might be a grain of sense in them ; for it is the man\ mother who has it in her power to make life a burden to the younc lie and not half try. As a* matter of fact, a woman is usually proud and fond of her son-in-law if he only gives her the ghost of a chance. When the young couple first go to house keeping whois.it that comes in and with her good sense and ^practical experience tides them over the rough places? A man's mother-in-law. \- It is the' woman's mother-in-law who is most apt to criticise, and who exasperates the young wife by quoting, all too frequently, " i3 y son is used to have things thus and so." VMy son must have this or that for his meals.V • " My son,, with his small income, jshould have married a prudent, economical, Woman," etc. . When the first baby makes it appearancc, ;;as well as the successive ones, who is it that r.steps in and relieves the husband of his ? weary- vigils, and takes the load of care and ; worry- off the wife's feeble shoulders, and keejjs the Jj obsehold running - smoothly 1 The man's mother-m-law. When he and his wife plan to take a little trip together, .who, is it iomes in and takes charge Of the house and the children,"so that they can peacefully enjoy their holiday, with the restful thought. " Mother is there and it will'be-all right ?" Ths^man's mother-in-law. ; When there is sickness or trouble in the house,, who is the faithful nurse^ the wise counsellor, the sympathizing friend ? The man's mother-in-law. And if, in the course of events, the wife dies, who is it that usua'ly comes in and takes care of the children, and keeps up ihe home till the bereaved husband has time to look around and find another wife ? .. A man's mother-in- law. And how does he reward her for all this devotion ? By mkking heartless jokes at her expense, and publishing them foi" other men to snicker over I Ingratitude, thy name is Man 1 