OI.» GBIDIiEY'S GHOST. The Strange-Story of the toss of the "Oro Fino." "Why, Dunham; what"s the matter? How your band' trembles! Are yon «ick?" : "No; not exactly." " What mis you then ? Speak out, man. Have you been seeing a ghost t" . "To teU the truth, Maggie, I do feel a little nervous this morning. I haven't made a trip these twenty years that 1 dreaded like this." " Seen Old Gridley again ?" "Yes." "Pshaw! r thought that was it •Haven'tyou seen him a dozen times before and nothing.came of it ?" "This tiAie he had:his sextant." ^ All. this was at. the breakfast-table. Dunham was mate df the On Fino, making tri-monthly trips between Portland and San Francisca. He had sailed , thirty, years,.been round the world twice, been captain-aboufc six years, but lost his ship and couldn't get another, and so was glad tobe first mate of the Oro Fim. Dunham was in tlie habit of seeing ghosts, or rather, a ghost, for he never saw but one; that was old Gridley. Gridleywas mate of the vessel oii which Dunham made liis £ist trip as aihip-bqy. That trip was Dunham's first,-but Gridley!s last: - Gridley hada passion for beating ship's boys-mthmrope's end;.he died in therotof beating Dunham with a rope's end ; Gridley-waa Taking an observation iwith the sextant; andj as the boy vis ^passing with a bueket and swab, a«nd3-n lurch of the ship "threw him against the mate. *'<3ridley seized a rope's. ehd,, aud was belaboring: the boy soundly, when a boom, providentially left loose, struck him arid-knocked: him overboard. Ever since tlmt,-, on numerous ^occasions, Dunham had: seen: Gridley's ghost—usually withia irapety end;"'but sometimes- -with a sextant, , Ho had never beon able to see any particular, fatality portended by the vision withtthe rope's endJ -He: had seen it'-a^dozen times:;, and on /some occasions, his Vest luck had seemed toiollow the apparition.,, ,NOt so ;when .-theighost: with, the.sextant appeared. Ho liadseen. this only: twice—ronoe, the.night ."before he fell, from the-foretop and broke his leg-.;: the other- time, the -night before: Jiis. ship was v oast away. : . Iiast oaight was the third-time; He had airakehed-and found. liimsaf lying ,on-his back; The room wa8 , perfeptly-darlc'-, it waSialso perfectly still;' Dunham, couldsee I nothuig and. could: heM ^ nothing. Nevertheless,, he felt t^tKsoihetJnhg-or. somebodywas.m the-robm;thatOug"htto ibe out of. it. He also feltjaidraught: of ? cold. air. Dualiam was. no. stickler ior ventilatodapartmeuts,andr,had:carefnlly :dOsed und: locked-the'windows before re;- jdring.'. Tbe-aircouldtiofcooine.frbm^ittie'i windoivsneither could jt bome-frpmrthe: •bed-room door,. for thatopened intoJthe. ^ittmg- mom'iustoppositei-bjiai'windb^, andaf -the door hadrbefflii'b^Vlieijsouia; :fca>e< seen tlie.. wina6w..;^^pite: ,! Jiii| ijlaturalcourage,. Bunbam- wsajrighttaed: •fejiaised himself on, rhSf. elbow very, -oautiouslv. He looked a^ut the room :; >jie could see absolutely-:-, nothing, He. -reached ovortoiwliere Sfaggie. his-wife •slept—she was there Hfe'Snoistened his finger in bis mouth arid lield' it up. He ; oomd'thep sensibly feeltuedrauglitofair: opminglfom tbefoot offhisibBaji 'fleaot, upand^trucka light Looking owr-Jiis! shoulder as he did so, he saw, :at the footi ofjiisbed, old Gridley,, ltiwouid;db,no, jzood to shout loud—his: .wife would only.; laugh at him He liadioften-wakediher up to look at the ghost, but sho professed' never to see it It woiild. do- no,good- to go u[> lo the apparition mid try to seize it —he had often done this, and it only disappeared for an instant, to reappear in another part of the room. So he left the lamp burning and got into bod with his eyos fixed on tho figure. This time Gridley had his sextant, and seemed busy bringing an imaginary sun down to an imaginaiy horizon. The operation completed, the figure turned to tho bureau and seemed to be making the calculation. Then he turned to Dunham, and shook his head negatively, and dashed, the sextant to the floor. A sudden crack Btartlod the mate. He had turned the iampwick too high, and the chimney had cracked and fallen to the floor. In the morning Dunham was a little nervous. However, having taken a cup or two of strong coffee, and if it must be confessed, a thimbleful of brandy, he felt more composed. Joey Dunham, the mate's only child, a boy of ten years of age, almost always accompanied his father on his tripe. This time Dunham proposed to leave him at home; but the boy seemed so disappointed that hifi father finally gave way, and they started together down to the wharf. What a busy scene iB the departure of an ocean steamer! Drays, 'busses, cabs, carriages, rattling and thundering on to the quay ; mountains of luggage piled upon the wharf, or being lowered into the hold ; stalwart Atlases staggering under the worlds of trunks which they have shouldered ; mates, crews, porters, cabmen, passengers, boys, all shouting lustily in solo or chorus ; the ship's engine blowing off steam with a deafening roar; the timid ladies, making their first trip, being led trembling over the plank and up the stairway, and laid on the sofas in the cabin ; old voyagers, with one leg over the rail, Bmoking their cigars—all conspire to make tho scene one of rare excitement and confusion. Joey was perfectly at home, and while his father was busy, stole up into the wheelhouse, which had incautiously been left unlocked. The wheelman, coming along soon after, met Joey stealing down the steps, looking scared and guilty. Now the gun is fired. The bell rings. The hurry and confusion are increased tenfold. Hasty farewells are said; hasty kisses exchanged; handkerchiefs are brought into vigorous use. ^The throng of friends who have come only to say " goodbye" begin to pour over the plank to the wharf. The captain stands on the paddlebox. He stoops and pulls a handle ; down .in the depths of the monster tinkles a bell; in a second more the paddles dash the water into foam. The captain stoops and pulls the handle again ; 'the paddles stop, but the ship is started enough to allow the cables to cast off. They are all cast off but the stern cable—that still holds, and the head of the great black monster swings slowly out into the current. Another pull at tlie handle, another splash of the paddles, and the stern cable is cast off. The gun sounds; she is loose 1 A cheer from the crowd on the wharf, a cheer from the crowd on deck, and the ship has fairly turned down the stream and began her voyage. In an hour she was at the mouth of the. Willamette, and struck the strong, full current of the Columbia. Having more sea-room now she begins to uBe her strength. The Barnes roar through the Sues; the engineer turns on a full head of steam; the clear, sweet water of the jriver, cut neat and clean by the. prow, is dashed into snowy foam by the paddles, , and sinks and rises in a swelling wake for half a mile to the stem. Fishing boats and Indian canoes glide past her like shuttles, and before you can.fairly turn to look, are tossing and rocking on the swell many rods behind. A black hull, supporting a cloud of :dingy-white canvas is seen ahead. It is ;the Hudson Bay Company's storo-ship, ibound for Vancouver. A flash, a cloud of .white smoke, a heavy thud, and she has :saluted the Oro Pirn. A jar and a I thunder-clap that startles the old ones, iand sets the ladies to screaming, and the Oro Fino has saluted her. Three checrs from the strangers as the British flag Tons, up to the masthead, and three : cheers as the stars and stripes curl and snap in the stiff breeze from our gafL Now that she "has passed, and tile sun falls on her canvas, she seems iike a great bank of mow falling on the river. - Nearly everybody is tired ot watching her, and many have gone into the cabins to avoid the wind which is growing chilly,, and others are composing themselves ill twos and threes about the* deck, -when a new and more thrilling episode oalls them to. their feet again. Durham and two men come tearing up to the staircase to ,the quarter-deck. The bell tinkles, and the paddles stop. Man .overboard 1" is the cry. Every one rushes to the stem ; everyone scans the boiling current " There, I see him 1" cries one. " He's treading- water1" cries another. Everybody can^ see him now; but by this time the tremendous momentum of the vessel has left hiiu alittle speck a quarter, of a', mile behind. {It takes an age to lower the boat. Finally it is off- Dunham in the. stem, and the. sturdy, bailors bending the ash dangerously. " Can-lie hold'out?" "Oh. yesr can't jouiseB' him? He's treading water." '"•No,•.'bo's floating." " Anyhow, he keeps up&tavely;/'" "'How-siow the-boat-goes i" •'Why don't they pull?" In fact the ; boat was -cutting tlie water like - a fright-- 'enedifish. Menon-theship-wvolunhtrily.-: bent and'strained; as: though they could jhelpin-that way. The boat-nears-the. floating.object; now only a speck- in the distance.. A joyful -murmer go'as up from the'ship. '.'Hfe's saved!" "Oh, those; strong men!" But Dunham-sheers the boat arouid; imd pioks tup. only, a liat and holds it high in the air.. The owner had long since sunk. By, the time the tired crew were taken on board and the-vessel under, headway, it was dark. They , made Astoria:by:-niidiiight; and'lay to 'alongside the wharf. ' • • ^jBto' wind'; &esKehed;'' during. the night I .ahd by morning a :heavy.gale, filled:with , -Baltfpray, -waa&ving;,ih.direotlyfromthe «ea. The pUot rep'ortedithatitwoiridibe impossible to orosa .the bar,in iBuch a blow. jSo.theyiraiteai- .Dunhaffs*j>s>spntment'j :o'^bad!ucfchad'ieen«tre^ -more -nervous-andgloomy- than Owhenle.' left-home. So ie - took.his boyiaaA: weat: whore. He went to the liouse <>f. a friend andleftJoey.there,^thoidera:to.Tetorn >to -Portland by tho firsteteamerthatsliould: 'go-up. He also-wrote aiettertohis wife: <—a little longer than .iuual, ; ><3most two pages; and little tabre,affecti6nate ithan usual; Heexcusejhimsettfdr: writing-by: tellmg-hetiftat thiiW^™: sobadilhey; couldn't crossitjand:it^asialitilc too dml' tostay-thero doing nothing. :'.-;.'•'-,'•: : : By. ten o'clock the squall liad'abate^, and by noon the pilot said he thought he could jret over the bar by taking tbenorth channel. While the firemen were getting up Btettra, Dunham ran over to his friend's house—it was ouly a few steps—and bade Joey good-bye, and told him to be. a good boy and mind his mother, and gave him sundry other items of good advice which I fear the young scapegrace did not attend to closely, being engaged in the very amusing game of. see-saw with the little girl of the house. By three o'clock the ship was fairly under way again. By five, she was safely over the bar, and had put her pilot aboard .1.steamer which was waiting on the outside to enter. The captain having been up all the previous niglit, went to his cabin and turned in for the night. The passengers were all either sea-sick or chilled by tho cold wind, and had gone to their roomB and into the cabin. The wheelman, by orders from Dunham, made out Cape Disappointment and Tillamook Head, and took his ranges from them and put the ship on her course: He had only time to do thiB when a fog rolled up bo dense that even the light on Cape Disappointment could scarcely be seen. Dunham assured himself that the ship was on her right course by going into the wheelhouBe and looking for himself. Having done this, and knowing the coast perfectly, he felt pretty safe. He was a little confused and nervous, however, and so he went down to <the cabin and overhauled his charts, and read the sailing directions j ust as though he had never made the trip before. He seemed to be all right. " Bring your vessel in range of Cape Disappointment and Tillamook Head, and then put her about south by east." He had done this fifty times before, and had come out all right. To be sure that no mistake had been made, he climbed up to the wheelhouse, and quietly asked the man at the wheel how he had got his range. He answered promptly and satisfactorily. Every thing was according to orders. So Dunham cursed his nervousness, and walked back to the smoke-stack. The wind had gone down with the sun, but a heavy sea was running, and it was as dark as Tartarus. Dunham paced the deck for half an hour, then went below to get his cloak. Being chilly, he went up to the hurricane deck and eat with his back to the smoke- stack. Being nervous he lit a cigar. Being careful, he walked forward to see how things were moving. He thought he heard a distant roar. He listened and could hear nothing. He walked back to the smoke-stack. In ten minutes he came forwai% again. He thought he heard the roar of surf. He called to tlie man at tlie wheel: "Abbot!" " Ay, ay, sir." " How does she stand ?" "Son' by east, sir." That was all right; that was the course Dunham had put her on. He -wentto the paddle-box and signalled the engine to stop. Then he called a man and had the lead thro™. "Twenty-four. Plenty of water," thought Dunham,. and started the engine. He then went to the captain's cabin and knocked. The captain did not hear the first-time, and lie knocked again. "Who's there " The mate." The captain opened a port near the head of Ins berth, and asked him what the matter was. Dunham reported. Tile captain told him it was all right; that it was foggy, and.the roar of the surf with such a -sea on and no wind could be-heard ten miles; Dunham rather: thought so, too, andwent away. During, this -parley, and while the mate stopped a few-minutes to look after-things below, the ship had made more than two miles headway. -By ;the time Dunham got on deck again the roar of the surf was frightful; He fairly screamed at the helmsman : "Abbott!" "Ay, ay, sir." '" How's her head ?" " Sou'by eist, sir." ' Amazing! Dunham ran to the paddlebox and jerked a signal. The engine jstopped. Then he rushed to the captain's ^door and-called him out io the name of •the gods. Both flew on" deck. There ; ;was no .-mistake about it; 'there were the : breakers not llalf a mile ahead, judgiugby the sound, thundering and boiling -against .the shore. Dunham liad almost run,the ^ship's head onshore, and that,.too, .when: :sTie was holding precisely itheaame course by compass that he had put her on fifty 'times before. The captain roared: " What's- her course ?" "Sou'by east; sir." "Pot her sou'west." "Sou'west, Bir," echoed the .man*.at the wheel, and the wheol spun, round : and the chains rattled. The captain'rushed to thesignal-bell aud started the engine, and got the ship un'der good steering headway. Scarcely had she started on new course "when a scraping sound was heard and: felt—then bump, bump, bump, as though the ship had been lifted up-and set-down hard three times; then a 'crash and a sudden stop that'sent the Captain and mate on their.faces, "and' brought the smoke-stacks crashing-through the -decks, arid: snapped, off the topmast like pipe stems.. The ship had'struck a sunken rock, and begari to fill at once. ; Who got to shore, ahdihow.they got to shore, matters; riot; Jt is the,eame-old story, TheTiewsspreadxmiwihgs; Hen came and dragged the swollen corpses of their friends out of thesurf; or; dng^hem out of the sand, orjidentifi^them in 3£e shed; or paced;the beach, day; after'iday looking out oh the;remorseless: seajiat sullenly clung to its 4eacL The captain andithe -wheelman, Abbott, -went to Portland together—Dunham they never found—andShere. they "talked- over the strange aflairjahdirediausted alll'tibeir ingenuity in .Tain to account for . the: loss of-theshipiwhen-onsthe'rightKOUrse^Miia still night. When the wrecking-tug - was ready, ; they went-ont to the wreck. It s^^Kungionithe- rocVs;: The jbowsiwere .Jughipufcof Water.; The -two men climbed &p; irittethe wh'eel^ibuse. .They,unscrewed' brought :it:on-sboto.., ..There-they: opened It; and lifted upthe -card&ridiheecMe;, .and' ihereJay,aielittle^'trume'ntofdeatih— ^.broken knife-blade. ."-.' ."/ ''... '-- The handle s and - .the restsjf : the blade were-inlittle JoeyJJunham'B jiacket.! He madethe card»awing:arbund :«o) whenhe beldllisteifeiy- itMd'HridomgM broken:theblade..He,Mnc^ediU,mi8. ! • Jhe iStarttoEifC^i^Vi'eis a«reati jsmoke^Aassew^oMeredf^tbetdocton.ito; ^ng^imi^.'-Wefiti&Bhtti; habitiof Smoking JwehtySsigars Sally, ^ i.: ' ' Anoridatgrass is «> n >et imes 'oiea ass Substitute for-hog bristles .in-fiaint brashes. 