The foundation stone of ~a church-hall in con nection with the Toorak Presbyterian Church weas laid on Saturday afternoon last by Mrs. 8. If. OCicor, in the presence of a large number of in fluential ladies and gentlemen. The structure. is to be of dark bricks, with light dressing. bThe design is a very handsome one and will add a de. cided ornament to the district, the cost, together w ith.furni hings and so on, being olos aou?o?!:n £1,700. fir. Jamcs"M uBain, the Hen.: :w.· Bayles, thb Hon. James Balfour, and Mr. C. If. Officer, It. L. A.. delirered short addresses, and it was mentioned that the late Mr. S. H. Officer had bequeathed £1,000 towards the coast of the new hall. Reference was made to the progress gf the Prcsbyterian Church at Toorak. The edifice his cost £16,700, and only £2,000 remains unpaid, while in addition a mission-hall has been erected in the Orrong road, at a'cost of £1,000, and other £6,000 have been given in charities of various des oriptions. Tho'contractor for the erection of the church-hall is Mr. G. Freeman, and he expects to have it ready for occupation within two months. At the last meeting of Metropolitan Fire Bri gades Association, the action of the local firemen who asnsisted st the recent railway disaster weE strongly commented upon, and.the folloaying reso lution was carried unnmmously :-' That toe Metr?o politan Fire Brigades' Association express their hearty, appreciation of the splendid work done by the Prabran City, South Yarra, and Windsor fire brigades, at the recent railway aoident at Windseor, and views with satisfaction the discipline and unison in which the brigades carried out their duties under Captain Kelly (in command) ably as' aislted by Superintendent Donald(South Yarra) and Captain Baker (Windsor), and requests the ofiocers in charge at these brigades to conroy to their sub* ofllcers and members the tlanks of the association for their services." Somb doubt having irison as to whether municipal funds could be legally oxpended in celebrating the Queen's jubilee, Mr Gillies has informed a depo' tation that if any actions were broueght against councillors by dissatisfied ratepsyere he wpuld have no hesitation in introducing a Billinto Parliament, indemnifying them from loss, This prompt reply of the Premier is rofreshing, as it is the first sign ofjubileeism he has yet shown, The Rev. Dr. Bevan is announced to deliver hie popular lecture entitled " The Queen," at the Prabran Independent Church, Malvern-road, ,on Tuesday night next at 8 p.m. i admission one shll" ling. The fane of the rer. lecturer should draw crowded audience. We have received a lengthy letter from Mr . trdlio, of Windsor, with reference to certain °'ldifbrencesbotween himself and ono Ireland. ! 1ii be rcmembered that Ireland,'who is a clerk i tegistrar.Genoral's offioe, had lioen boarding .th Ardlie, and a dispute arose over a debt. ndhlo wrote to Ireland's superior offirer with red to the matter, but used language that was terwards considered libellouns in the legal world, andin cocequenco of this Ardlieo was put to an "? -. which forced him into the lnsolvcnoo Mr He feels his position very keenly aid is -n-iouo that the publico should know the correct ,nio of the matter. We should be glad to acoeds tO his wishes, butas the question is not one olpublio importance, and as the insertion of the letter would drag us into trouble, we must.deoline the responsibility. In justice to Mr Ardlie we ony quote the latter part of his letter :--P I have beeo in this colony since the 22nd October, 1841, ald have never been insolvent before, and should not have been now, only through the conduct of the said Ireland. I am an accountant, out of employment for nine years-with the excrption of 19 months at Mesers Brisecoe and Co's. My health is delicate ; my wife has been my main arnd chief support, through her own exertions, and it is hard indeed to have to suffer additional expenses and suoyences, and more especially when they are irooght about in the way referred to." The 3ev. H. F. Tuoer, incumbent of+Christ church, South Yarre, who has recently returned from Eurepe, preached on Suiday evening at St. 4artin's, Hawksburn, from the text Deue. xxxiii. 25, "As thy day.so shall thy strength be." t Refer ence wras made to the Spirit which animsated all things in nature whiceh sprang from Godd who is the "'Soul of the Universe. The Jews wre helped never to forget this-thalst the earthiJe and'evier was the Lord's, and the fulnese thereof. The Holy Ghost vouchsafed to give his own Spirit unto men. Ian's extremity become God's opportunity. The feast of Pentecost was adverted to, and the harvest. \--erioes as cosducttd in England graphically'-de: scrihed, at whinh tie worshippers-could from their' devotion be seen to be filled with the Holy Spirit. The progress being made by the church showed, too, that it was animated by the Divine Spirit. The Wholesale Clothing Company, 141 Chapel stret, Windsor, notify by advertrement in another cloumn having received their superb stook of winter goods, which they are clearing at greatly reduced ,rices, as some of the figures quoted will show. [he publio may rely upon any orders left being promptly attended to by Mr Bradish, the Ipopular manager of the company. The butchery business formerly known ns I. J. MIitehell's is now carried on by Mr .T. Pepiin at 85A lfalvern-road, South Yarra. Mr Pepin spares no e8ffort to give the publio every satisfaction, and therefore commands a full share of success, which.it is hoped will continne to be theease. " The annual concert in connection with the Southern Creoss Oricket Club takes placn at the Preahran Town.hall on Tuesday, 14th prox., when the celebrated "Crow Club",minstrolels will give one of their capital entertainments.. Tickets mnay be had from all the members of the club. 1 Mr Sayer has opened a school of design at his residence, 10 Bond- setreet, South Yarra, where classes meet every Monday and Friday. Drawing, painting, rtidimental arohitectumal drawing, &o.;, are comprised in the list of subjects which are ably taught by Mr Sayer, and at a nominal charge. In compliance with a requisition the niayor of Pmrahran has convened a public meeting, to take place at the Prahran Town-hall On Tuesday night next, for the purpose of taking into consideration the present administration of the compulesory Vacci. nation Act. This is a troubloome question just now andone that seriously concerns all parents. It.is hoped that there will be a large attendance! to hear the discussion. Mr Graham Mitchell will be pre. sent in support of his calf lympth. theory, which certainly has much claim upon our consideration as being one that should be legalised by Parlia menS. 'There was very large audience st the South Yarra Presbyterian Church on Th'ursday levening, the occasion being the presentation of a handsome new organ, the gift of Mrs Borron, to the church. The business of the evening began by G. W. eBor mn, Esq," formelly presenting tlie .organ to the chnurch on behalf of Mrs Borron. Mr D. Roas, the senior elder, suitably acknowledged. the gift, in the absence of the pastor, who is indisposed.- Sub' sequently a very enjoyable evening was sapont, a goodprogramnue of music being renderdd by the' choir of the church, assisted by the W?eet Mel. bourne choir. The organ, which is pronounced to be a fine one, was built by Mr G. Fincheam. The Prahen, South Yarra, and Toorak Ladies' Dorcas Society held their usual weekly mooeeting in the Town-hall, Prahran, yesterday afternoon. The thanks of the society are tendered to Mrs Corin. aldi, the donor of a parcel of clothing received. Mr J. 8. Graham notifies that he has dpened in business at 121A Chapel-street as a hairdresser and tobacconist, and dealer in fancy goods and musical instruments. Mr Graham is a practibal tuner and repairer of accerdeons, concertinas, arid organs, and has a large and superior stock of these instru ments on sale, being the accredited eity agent of Messre Wheatstone and Co., panetentees add manu facturers. A speciality is also made of novelty mechanical toys. The South Yarm Tailoring Establishment, under the management of Mr B. Witchell, is iabout to remove, to the corner of Chapel and Elizabeth streets, near the 'bus stables, owing to the great increase of business that has taken place. They will open in their new premises on the 10th inslt., with a superior stock of seasonable goods, which will be offered at low fan.ures. Woe.have received from Mr W. Wiloon, senior. the well-linown furniture deaoler, a cabiiet photo of a steel engraving representing the late Prince Consort and fler Majesty Queen Victoria on their bridal day. The picture, which is nod on view in the window of Buxton's Artistio Stationery Co;, is said to be the only one in Melbourne, and Mr Wilson intenids presenting it to the Publio Library. He hoeas had photographio copies strucko off, and these will be sold at a low figure. They may be obtained from Yeomnns and Oon. As Mr Wildon renmarks, much is said in favor of our beloved Queen, but little reference is made to the late Prince,. who should share with his widow in the eulogy she now receives. We hiae received a letter signed "J. G. Har ding," having reference to the case Cuonmings v. Fox, which bhs lately occupied the attention of our local magistsates, and is now, we undorstand, going throug the process of a higher tribunal. The writer replies to statements appearing in our last issue, which we must inform him appeared as an advertisement, as we fail to see what interest the dispute. has outside Cecil-place; end any cor respondence on the subject must appiar in the same way. We are always pleased tb welcome correspondence, but it must be of interest to our readers generally. These remarks also apply in the case of our correspondent " John Gavey.' The invitations issued by the Governor and Lady Loch for the fancy dress ball to be given on the 22nd into, niumber 3000. It is intended to erect a temporary ball room, at a cost of between £3000 and £4000,.in order to provide extra dancing accommodation. Seeing that there are other buildings well adapted for the purpose, we contend that this is a monstrous, shameful, and nneessary ependiture, and we would like' to bmw who bam power to incur it. , Mrs. E. M. Snarth, of 95 Chapel-street, Prahran, whose collection of wines is pronounced to be A.1, has a special announcement in another column; the publihoare asked to visit the establishment. The eighth .annual :meetiig of the Toorak Harmonio Society was held on Tuesday evening st, in the Protestant Hall, Prahran, W. H. Tverard in the chair. The ecretary's report and 'treaurer's balance sheet showed the society to be in a flourishing condition. The following oisce bearers were duly elected:-Preasideit, J. Ohatfleild Tyler, Esq.; vice-presidente, Mesers M. H. Davies and J. Harris, Eq's,qeM's.P., and G. W. Taylor, Esq.; committee, lMessr E. L. Wileon, F. A. Dixon Chalh, Watt, Herasehell, Nicholas, Young and Everard; auditors,; Meessrs Pilley and flint; hon treasurer M. J; W. Dunlop, aond .hon. secretary H. O. Keate It was decided in future to meet for rehearsal at the Apioulturaol Hall, South Yarra, every Tuesday evening. " The petition from Bunday School teachers pre sented to the St. Kilds Concil recently against street watering on Sundays has since been sup ported by the teachers of All Saints' Bunday School who presented & petition at the last meeting of the Couneil signed by 214 persons. The Spt. Kilda police have received a letter from the St. KIlda Jubilee Committee thankinag them for the asistance they rendered at the child ren's f6te on the Queen's Birthday, Benior.Constable Irwin. and, Plainolothes Coustable O'OCalleghan being specially mentioned. The Prahran Board of Advice hast resolved to contribute the aum of £1Q towards tie 'childreni's *festival on the occasion of the oelebiation of the Queen's Jubilee, Hr. A. Lews architect, cells fort tenders for Various woreca tenders closeon oMonediy, Mr 3, H. MaddochV' term as' meomboe of the Praeran Doard of Advice 'having expired, an rlection to ill the racancy will take place on the 20th June. Mr Mseddoel will offer himself for reu election. Wore oeot aware what the arrangements are with regard to the nomination, the Governmeot ppeoing to thin theat euch things should be kept dark. We re somewhat eurprised at the returning oacer, who himself ie fond of publicilty, but who in this ase seems to adopt the " ommen atroke." A respeted resident of Oakleigh effers a well. merited rebuke to a number of fodtballers, who were guilty of very disrespectful condtuct on Batulr day last in continuing their game whilst the rcmains of an old resident of the district were being interred in the local cemetery, which is near the football ground. Young Auetraliadst generally, show a great neglect of education in this partieular, and it is hoped the hint will be token as intended to make wiser men of them. The ecoaien eof the eighth anniversary of the Ps-ahran Gospel Mission Hall will hbe embraced as a fitting opportunity to celebrate the opening of the enew building in Carlton-street. A tea and public meeting will therefore be given in the Prahran Town-ball on the JSth inst.' There is a debt of about £500 on the new building, and it is the wish of the committee to make the above meeting a financial success, in order to reduce this debt. The assistance of the publie is therefore requested, and the donation of a table (21s) or half a table (10s 6d) will be very thankfully received. The money raised in this manner will prevent the proceeds from sale of tickets being swa~llowed unp in expenses,. £he report for the paslt year shows that satisfactory work has been done during that term, and it is anticipated that in the new, commo diouns, and suitable premises the facility for doing good will be greatly increased: The object is one that should command wide-spread sympathy, and itis hoped the efforts of the committee and its indefatigable supporters, Mr and Irsa . G. Joy, will meet with every encouragement, in order to crown the proposeod entertainment wilth success. There was a large attendance at the usual meet ing of the Prahran branch of the United Society of Painters, Decorators and Paperhanders on Mon day night last, when the followine members were nominated for the various ofillcee--President, Meers Price and Standing; vie-predident, Meesrs Garter, Smith, Trickey, and Sommhrville; secore tary, Messrs Lewis, Harding, and Smith ; treasurer, Mevers Mills and Hallae; tyler, Mesers Trickey, Semmerville, Robertson, Ivory, Smith, Harrison, Morris, and Deal. Invitations were ordered to be "ent to the president and secretary of the Prohran branch of the Progressive Carpenters to attend the dinner and social to be held in the Telegraph Hotelon the 13th inst., and the meeting adjourned to meet next Monday in their new room at the Telegraph Hotel, Chapel-street, Prahran, when the principal business will lie the election of officers, Messrs Taylor and Sangaeter, the well-known nurserymen of Toorak, call the attention of the publio to their choice stock of ornamental and fiowering.plants, comprising roses, gladiolis, ericas, orysanthemums, rhododendrons, &o.; a verylarge assortment of fruit trees is also on hand, all of which are sold at strictly moderateoprices. New priced catalogues may be had free onrapplication. In response to a request from the town-clerk of Melbourne, the St. Kilda council has voted the sum of £15 towards the cost of the erection of a proposed etatue to the Queen id Melbourne, provided that the other councils do likewise. The London and American Olothing Company, 54 Ohapel-street, Prahran, in commemoration of the jubilee, intend ornamenting the public with their stylishly made suits, which are being supplied at very low prices. The firm havidg secured the services of Mr C Marlow, late of Plioders-street, is enabled to compete most successfulily with other tradeemen, and should command di largeehare of support undei the able management of Mr A. E. Barton. Mrs Howard, acting hen. secretary of the St. Kilda Ladies' Benevolent Society, having asked the Si. Kilda council whether it contemplated contributing any aid to their local charity for the forthcoming jubilee, she has been informed that the counci's charitable vote for the resent year is exhaumted. vote - *.,. y i The Rev. 8. Robinson, pastor of the Presb?yterion Church, Alma.road, St. Kilda, delivered a very interostino discourse on Sunday bevening last, taking for his subject "Curiosity." The addres was intended more particularly for young men, and it is a pity there were not many more present to profit by the sensible advice which was tendered. The Prahran Fire Brigade gives a grand jubilee concert at the Prahran Town-hall on the night of the Prahran illuminatione--17th iest-in aid of the brigade funds. A monster torchlight procession will take place, and the proceedings will be of an unusually brilliant character. To-day the clearance sale of to?e drapery and clothing stock of the late C. C. Darvell, purchased from the executri.x, will commence at J.. T Mofftlts, Corner House, Chapel-street, Windenr. Mr eMofiit succeeded in purchasing the stobk at a most unusual discount, and as it principally consists of solid household and dress goods, with a good assortment of men's and boys' clothing it may be said to ihave changed hands at a nominal price. Mr Mofilt is determined to take the fullest advan tage of the circumstance, and has thrown in his own stock with it, the whole amounting to 871i2, and he will give the publio an opportunity of securibg bargamens which does not every oay occur. "Long.winded payers" were the sole occupants of the attention of the bench at the Prehran polipc court on Thursday, no "drunks" -no larrikins, strange to ay, being brought forward. Whether it is a sign of reform, or that the latter are saving up for the jubilee, it is hard to say. . The attention of the St. Kilda council has been directed to the offensive state of the cab- stand in Carliele.street, caused by the accumulation of hopse manure. The dray-stand. near the post-office in High-street, is not fuite bad enough yet to attrpct any attention. Mr John Sundercombe, boot and shoe iniporter, of the well-known Hall of Commerce, High.street, St. Kildao, has a big announcement in another part of this issue. Mr Sundercombe's judgment asian importer has been the means of bringing his estab lishment to the front, and the public can alvayl rely upon getting the best goods at moderate prices. An immense stook has just been opened, including special lines from Home and Continental houses, The publio will do well to inepect the stock early. Mr. T. Hayes, family grocer and proveision mer. chant, corner of Commercial-road and Perth-etreet, Prahran,hasan announcement in another column. Mr. Hayes is agent for Caldvell's St.; Huberte, Gooch's and Coughey's popular colonial wineo John Delves, ironmonger, Swaseuon-street, City, intimates that he will be happy to receive orgexer from Prahran residents for gas transparencies and coloured illuminations of all deosriptions in con nection with the coming jubilee celebration. He is also prepared to give estimates for any descrip tion of work required. lThe passengertral·lc on Tuesdny 24th ult., on the suburban and provincial railways showed a marked falling off when compared with that on Queen's Birthday of last year. The total number ofps, sengers booked at the Spencer-street station was 22,962, as against 24,935 on the dorresponding day of last year, w'hilst at the Flinldersastreet and Princes-bridge stations 21,846 passengers were booked, as against 28,895 on Queen's Birthday last year. P oliceman Olark, of South Richmond, whe imperatively ordered the retireme t of Mr speight from off the line at the recent rilway accident ·t Windsor, has been called to task for hie vigilande. Hie conduct was inquired into at the Prahrhn Court-house last week, when the evidence of several witnesses went to show' that he aothd indiscreetly, for which he has been ceneured. Tlohe quarterly meeting of the general committee of the Prahran United Friendly 3iocieties' Dispors. ary was held at the Prabhran Hotel on Wednesday night, when the half-yearly balancea-sheet, showilg a credit of £87 1Is. 3d., was plaeced before theu, and the usual levy of 20. per member was struck for the ensuing quarter. Thif institution npw numbers over 1700 members. The Rev. O. Copland, pastelor of the Prahran Congregational Church, preochbd an intereting and instructive sermon to young men on Bunday night last, when the important subjecat of "Had Literature" was ably dealt with, The Rev. Dr Torrance, who has just retured from Europe, preached at Holy Trinity Chuoch Balaclava, on Sunday mornineg last, when there was a large congregation present, the royev. gentle man being warmly welcomed back into his old position. The publio are requested to by their wood fTom T. Hayee, 64 Charlesstreet, i'ahran, his prices being very low. Best coal and coke delivered promptly. Several iteme of news are crowded out of this issue. Our correspondente would favor uoa by forwarding report as early on Friday as posible. d g d concert will tale place in aid of the .Convalesoent Home for Women, Oakleigh,.at the town-hall, St. Kilda, on Thursday night next. lao tiokots are 2s 6d each. The ladies and gentle. men taking part ii the concert have kindly volun teered their services, and a capital programme has been arranged. The entertainment will be under She direction of Sir Arthur Nicholseon and the Mayor of St. Kilda (F. Wimpole, Esl.) The nsual fortnightly meeting of the Prahran Presbyterian Literary Society was held last Tues ay evening ino the schoolroom, at rear of the dhurrh; Mr D. Love in the chair. The' ubject for the evening was a disoussion on Land ationalisation,"' and was introduced by Mr R. 8. Robertson. The society will meet next Tuesday, 7th instant, when Mr T. 8. Robertson will read a aper entitled "A Trio of Australian Pooes." fisitos may gain admission to the society's meet iogs on application to any of the olice-bearers. A concert will be given on the 8th inst., ii the South Yarra Hall, by the Windsor Juvenile BRochabites. A good programme has been arranged. It was mentioned on Monday night at the meet ing of the S. Kilda council that at the recent suo cesfiil children's jubilee fete the sum of £48 si was taken at the gates. Hdwever, there are amall sums not soent in which will increase the amounth Probate to the will of the late Mr E. 8. Parkes has been granted,' the amount represented being set down as, real 45,570 i personal £10,800; total. £15,870. The whole ofthe property is bequeathed to his ten children. The Herald gave an article in its Thursday's issne handed '! 1European and Chinese marriages," in which it decribed a mdrriage ceremony between Miss Isabel hMusgrove, daughter of ri .A. W. Musgrorve, of Tooruk, and Mr K. Armstrong. We expected that a later edition would informous which was the European and which the Chinese h but it did not. Owing to the difioulty in obtaining teachers, the Prahran Voluntary Religious Instruction Aesocia tion propose to give religious instruction in State schools after school hours only once instead of twice a week. It is to be regretted that this movement has not met with more support from the ministers and leading members of the various churches. Since the death of Mr Saint, who was secretaiy to the Association, something approach tg a collapse appears to have taken place. This is a great .pity, for there are many children who attend the State schools whose parents neglect to send them to Sunday school; consequently, it is all the more necessary that they should have the benefit' of as much religious teaching as possible during the week. " Wooden legs" writes with jreference to the proposedjubilee illuminations on the 21st inst. as follows :-"'I would suggest that, as the crowd will be so immense, parties charter furniture vanssfor theo oceasioo. Say thirtyyouug 'chaps' unite and hire a van; they would be able to see the wholb of the illuminations whilst proceeding through the streets without fear of dancer, and the cost woduld be light, whilst it would afford employment to the owners of such vehicles. The vans could be illuminated and would thus add to the brilliancy of the scene." Doubtless there are many who, though not blessed with "wooden lees," will agree with our correspondent and adopt his suggestion. The members of the Toorak Harmonic society gave a very successful concert on Wednesday evening last at Mentone, in aid of the funds oflthe local Presbyterian church. Misses Herschell, Haines, Dunlop and Young, and Messrs E. L. Wil- son and E. Ure were warmly applauded for their respective songs and duets, as also a pianoforte duet by the Misses Lawson. Mr James Ure conducted with his well known ability. Ratepayers are reminded that Friday next is the last day upon which rates paid will enablet the payer to be placed on the burgess roll. It has been the custom of certain ratepayers to allow: the rate arrears to accumulate until a summonls Is issuedand then pay up; they should be remidded that this operation will in future be a costly bne, as Mr Alley, P.M., has laid down the principle of making the defaulters pay colts as webll as aresre. A large number of ratepvyers residing'in South and East St. Kilda, have brought before the coun cil the desirability of establishing another railway station between the Balaclava and Elsternawick stations; The petitioners desired he co-operdtion of the council in going before the Commissitsler for the purpose of advocating theii claims. Their wishes were complied with, although very plight hopes of success weso held out. - The Phwoix Lodge of the R A.O. Buffaloes held their usual weekly meeting last Tuesday evening at Host Duff's (Morrows') Hotel, High-street, and the commodious lodge room was crowded. A number of " unenlightened" were duly initiated. It was also decided that the entertainment to be'given in the Town-hall in aid of the Memorial Fund dt the late engine- driver F. W. Maskell 'and dfireman McNabb, will take place on Monday evening, June 27th. The whole of the members present expressed theirP warmest sympathy with this movement,and the Buffaloes will work for the success of this appeal to the public with undaunted energy. The action of the lodge in coupling the name of McNabb with Maskell's gives general satisfaction. The general manager (Bro. G. A. Coleman) is. now arranging the strongest programme that has ever been pro sented to a Prahran audience. The Mayor of Port Melbourne (R. Tarver, Esq.), who is the Grand Secretary of the Order ofBuffaloes in Victoria, will act as the hen. treasurer to the entertainment. The Order of Buffaloiem is making rapid strides. Last evening a new lodge was successfully opened in Hotham by "Sir" Thomas Worrell, M.O.M., the Grand Primo of theUOrder, which has been called the "Queen Victoria," and on Wednesday next a new lodge is to be opened at the Armadale Hotel, under the title of the "Jubilee" Lodge. 1 Mr Coleman acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt of the sum of two guineas from the Hon. H. Wrizon, Attorney General, towards the above entertain meat. On and after let Juluy ltter pillars itn the southern nsuburbs will be cleared at midnight in stead of 2.30 a.m. This is being done to ensure the prompt despateh of all correspondence by the early morning trains. Attention is called to an qdvlrtisementh from Buxton's Artistio Stationary Cempany, Branston street, Melbourne,having refcrene6 to tbir immense stock of jubilee illuminations, etc. Whe public should inspect the company's stook of novelties before deciding upon the design of their illdmina tions. The serious of phrenologicalartioles on local men of the time which haeb been published recetly are revised in this issue, Or. Thomas Arkle, Esq., J.P., being the subject. The article is a good one,l as we think all who know Mr. Arkle will admit ofter perusing it. Thero is being shown in the window of Mr J. Sundercombe, boot warehouse, St. ilda, a sdlendid specimen of keare grown by Dr. Annud on a portion of tl? ground upon which it is preposed to build the naw town-hall. The laIrest ireighs 2 lbs. 8 ore., and they are the finest speci mens of the kind we have seen, and will, no doubt, beo :usoed by the advocates of the " Bill" site as another argument in their favour. Ccrtainly such soil is worthy of the Solomon's tabernacle we pro. pose to ornament the borough with. Complaints having been made wit' regard to the late delivery of letters in Gray and BarneoCit.tlets, the postal department has informed .the fit. fiilda council that letters are delivered in these localities at 8.15 a.m. and the whole round completed by9.16 -early enough too for reasonable people. Mr A. I. Madden, watchmaker, jeweller, dek, of Ohapel-etreet, Prahran, notifies that he 'ill com mence his ninth annual sale on Monday n0Ot, when a general reduction of 20 per sent will he made on all cash purchases. Mr Madden's dannnual sales have long been noted foar their gsenuipene, and as on previous occasions, this irill, no hoabb, be a success. The publin should attend early and avail themselves of the opportunity now presented for the purchase of jewellery, ete: A course of lectures will be commenced in connection with the Union Church, Glen tira-road, Caulfield, on Tuesday evening next, whel Mr Davies. M.A., of the Oaulfield Grammar School, will take -for his. subject "tho Life ot David Livingstone, the great missionary and explorer." The Rev. J. Gregson will follow on. the 6th July, with "Incidents and experience of Miesionary life," it being intended to continue the lectures dur ing the next few month. Mr Davies is a clever lecturer, and he should have a drowded audience before him on Tuesday night. Tickets of ad mission are one shilling, or five shillings for the course. The fortnightly meeting of the St. Kilde Con gregational Temperance Society ~wa held last Monday evenina min the schoolroom,~ Alma- road. A varied and highly effective programme, con sisting of recitations, duets, glees, etc., was ren deied by the following ladies and gentlemen. vin., Miss Davies, Mrs Alfred Fitch, Miss B. Allen, Miss L. Preston and members of the Church Choir. At the invitation of the commiittee the Rev J. B. Barrison of East St. Kilda attended and de livered a finely wrought address, which evoked oonsiderable interest and attention from the audience. The chair was ably filled by the Rev. E, Handel Jones. An impudent larceny frotm the shop of S.Nathan and Co., furniture dealers, Chapelstreet, Pramhran, took place on Tuesday evening. Between 5 and 6 o'clock Mr Nathan left an esiploye named H. E. Biddle, whom he engaged only the other day, in charge of his shop whilst he went to take his tea, and on his return he missed his shopkeeper and ahbout £9 S s6d in gold, notes, and silver from the till. He went in search of the man, and succeeded in affecting his capture, and haundedl himover to the police authorities. The people ofSt. Martin's, Hawbeburn, are going to have a" gay time" of it next week. They have a vale of gifts or bashar in the schoolroom and vicarage, which they intend to make unusually attractive by means of a number of accompanying entertainments, such as tableaux vivants by the young ladies, dramatio performancee by the young men of the at. Martin's White Cross Union, conenrts, ride-shows, recitations, &o.; The affair is to be opened on Monday afternoon next by Lady Olarke, who about 31 years ago laid the memorial stone of St. Martin's Church, in aid of which the bazaar 4s to be held. 'The fair is to be. continued every afternoon and evening throughout the week, the admittance the first day being one shilling, the other days any silver coin the donor pleasesa whether the humble threepenny piece or the weighty halfurown. We regret to see we are to have an important rival, for the 8t. Martin's Gasefdte is to be issued daily during the bazaar, We are informed by the Mayoress, Mrs 3F'orbes, that the loyal address to Mer Majesty the Queaen from the Women and Girls of Vietoria is lying at the Town elork's oillce, Prahran, for signature. As it is decided to return the address to the Central Committee before the 15th inst., it is wished that all those purposing signing will do so at once. On Monday night the Mayor of St. Kilda stated the result of the deputation to the Minister of Railways with respect to the construction of the Military-road from Port Melbourne to Point Or moend. It seems that the Government will con tribute an amount equal pound for pound to the voted for the purpose by the municipalities through which the road is to run, St. Kilda's proportion being £6000. 