THE GOLDEN HOPE. A IIOMANCE OF THr DEEP. I drums a dream that vwi not all a dream.' By W. Cr.anz Resar .,. Ctacrra XXVL-(Conrreugo.) Imagination I Yes I 'A god.like aift, if yon will; but bow much more suitable for this plain world of eating and drinking and making money the stolid mind of William Breeahes gazing with bloodshot eyes, full of literalness, at the vesrel to mark if any damage hadi been enttained aloft or alow, and thinking of the foundered ship only to coogratulate himself, maybe, that be wan't aboard of her. Hlow much more euitabie ad uonvenienst his mintod of Bill reeconee, which a pot of hot coffee was to soothe,) and a enooze of four hours to recruit, than the in tellect of the Rev. Malcolm Forteecue, eapable of eeing esorrow to itt depth, anguish in its throes, all things penetrable by human gas? to their foundatione, and in a few hours originating out of mere fancy, more pitliul and needless emouions for himself, than Breeches, backed oy Hiram, the ct.ok, and the rest of the iaips' company could manu. facture, were twenty years allowed them to make the experiment in I He went. below, changed his wet clothes, then knaelt in impassioned prayer of gratitude to God; but when Hiram at breakfest with him observing the effect of the wld and try. Sui night in his face and manner beggel him to lie down end eleep, he said, ' No, eno could not sleep, his mind was too asrained.' * Well, that's very quese,' said'Hiram, ' if after such a job as lat night I wason' sound uteep three minutee after'ay head wae down, I should ask you to ocerbu)l your mediciae chest for me ' But I tell ye squarely, 'Mr. Forteeces, that lest night's bueiness war the worst I ever was in, and seeing as how the little Bope's pulled through it, it should he asbing ye fee that you're go to know in a few houes more about life and the Creator's w yaoi worain' upon the sea tuan you'd has. certainaMhore if yoo was to keep on livir' till ye died as old a a Scriptur patriarch. It's enough So make a city o' Lond.,n alderman, nl Rtaw and guzzle, take an interestin sailors, ain't ,t, aer-!-Mll a comille together-tfat poor Sammy'. drowning, then the horricane, then the foauderin of the ship right under the eyes of 'our golden angel that wee scorning every sea that rulled at her with her trumpet, sh, air . And ha looked ete.dfantly at the parson, for ho reckoned there had heeaedo dation enough in the last twentytfour hours to direct the eyes of Fortescue with sympathy end inquiet. tivseueee into the hidden life of the forecastle. But the urate wase in no hburno to talk about sauch things just then. Had toe burrn. esne blown them out of their course ? Were tShe nearer the island than when the tempest ea?smedown ? Was there likelihood of mire fout weathsr or of breathless calms to delay the swift keel of the schooner and postpone -haesver ieese wares In stoae ? , -ae had to wait till noon, when Hiram, with hie gaunt face looking bloated with sleep, came on deck to take the ann's altitude. Then how marvellona wee the change? the Jong swell ran like folds of liquid lighs to the north ; the trade wind! soft and hot as the 'lips of an Indian girl, blew abeam. It wasall a crystal clearness of tropioal light, blue say over the mast heads, touched here and there by a woolly rag of white cloud and water azare betwixt the swells-laughitng in spartk ing waves which caressed the schooner's bows with snow.like floersr and which raised cootl ounds all about her and in the sir., Eight belle were made. Hirem dieappeare4, the men went to dinner; Stone walked the deck and Fortesoessat litless, pale, eyes full of yearning and fixed ahead where he deemed the Island lay, and where the clear nlue of the sky met the softer blue of the ocean-sitll the same unbroken Junotion that it had been for days and weeks, an ever receding con tinuity, out of which nothing but faith and hope could have crashed' the mockery of Iteratnion. Hiram came on deck with a piece of paper in hie hand. Stone drew near. ' Thil is where we was at noon, sir,' sald the captain., Forteoue read aloud: 'Sixty five degrees ten miles east longitude ; fifteen degrees three mile. authb latitude.'' ' 'The old bucket's' gt the scent ' cried. Stone, ' Whip along, you jade l Itain't fur SHow'far? ' asked Forteacue, In a voice that trembled. 'esmse ide o' five hundres mitse.' answered HIram. Ifs reflseted. * Today's Toleduy, Bill ; if this breezo lasts or anything re eemblin' i ke' ' .on 'ablowin' we' shill be having your ileand fair in view by Friday afternoon. B ane took a deep breath and suddenly walked eft, and Forteeuce notined Hiram watching the old aeilor with a carious smile. Toe ordinary seaman, Joe 11ail, wasat the helm when Mr. Fortesote read aloud the figures of latitude and longitude Hiram gave him, end he flittered the lorecastle not a little when he entered it and relate that tho captain had raid that if the like of the wind then blowine held they would be havinl Btono ' Island i(s it had come to be termed fore and at) in view on Fridae afternoon. All.bhauddirtesoned the subject over their hook pots of tea, the hisc?ni, and tha remaine of tha atSl meat left from dinner, which made out their ennmer: and a alinrer might Pu? ·lsbs uIs3 ?posas slm..at win, me au lor, I very easlyj nave u0.001 u m10 lred, 11JL'ert. Ing end piltnresque alibi -c for a study than the Golden tlope's fncast a at ' btht time offered, for-the yellow light of the weetering son. ceamo gnushing..sd .flowing with equo I toulal, Inee?iy of spleoqonr under the foot of the a?, t.foiel.((au in a pool of light upon the aentl?s ;' ani tha effunlgence dimming s itetrnck down the hatbchway, we reechoed, I o to speak, into dsnaky corner by the flaring and fIaming wick of the forecastle lamp, thu. constituting an atmosphere into which every thing looked novel, striking, and even grotesque. The movements of the schooner curtseylng and roling over the swell as the trade wind swept into her distended winge of equare sail and studding sail. caeed the oil. Sskin suit nuspended agaist the bulkheede to Sswing solemnly, and in the urlose light these Starpanlin armenas resembled a row of mariners, who, in a fit of dejection, possibly induced by weevils, had Jous committed eut. oide., " The Interior was warm, with the hot deck ovesbead and intenal flavouring of the astea of tea, the ouri of, tobaoco smoke, and the mingled aroma of tar, o the secrete of the forepek, of thbe fases of the oil lamp. and the- peculiar marine small that is exhaled through some occult proceesse, by Oilur,' wateaptoof clothee. It was oymptomatic of the goeere nneaelaea and misgiviug felt throoghout the schooner at this period of her outward paueasg that the foresals ehands should' have talked of the, island they sup posed themnlves to be appro?ohlbg in seot a way a if they could not make up their minds whether to believe in it or not. They had managed to find out. to gnaes perhaps but- anyway the peroeplin:a wee divided amongst esham-thet=Captain Weeks :wa not at all ante that Stone's, sland bad an existence, and now, as they s into their sea parlour drinking tea and emokisg,-theio oo.n vernation took this form: '.Lads,' and Goldsmith, slowly pouring some tea out of his hook-pot into a pannikin which he tiltedfrom aide to side towarde the hatch that he might see that it was clea?of leaves and twig, ' Fridayain't furioff; and if it should comer and not bring the hisland along with it, what's agoin to happen,, does anyone know y': - ' Well, sa I toldyer,' said Jbhnny-.Cthe.bo;, who sat smoking on a cheat stowed! well in the head, and whee eyes blinked out round and gleaming like- an owl'sa from the dusk there. ' I heerd the- cap'n himself tailt Mr. Stone, if the island aren't where it's supposed to be. the parson means to keep all on a archin' for it.' ' Ay, that's all very well,' exclaimed 'the cook; 'hobut thank the- Lord there's more 'n one to every bargain., and it that island ain't where it's said to be, then Micky Aneon "l want a word with the aspn, it' there's to be any earchin', as Johnny calls it' . 'Ay.' growled old Breeches, who was sitting under the hatch, and whose natural eournese of ezpreesion took an inimitable character from its peculiar -accentuation by the fline mating shades and. tones of. light ooceiooed bythe vesel's movemente. 'That's all very well, mate, but what you've got to consider Is, yo seigned on for a hieland in thbl here oceao, and ontil they there island's comed across your bargain ain't ful.filled up.' Red this view been applicable only to the cook, its expression would have excited a general laugh; but as it concerned all hande It created a very different emotion, and Jobony, Joe Hall, and Henry Sawyer starrd with faces of real dismay at EIeeahes. ' Ye're wrong, Bill,' exclaimed she cook. ' The attuation of that island must ha' been knowed afore we started. When we arrive at the part where it's knowed to be, an'it ain't there, then itll be one of two things for thie here child,' tapping his- bare, mosesy breast with hie fat hand, 'either hoes or the reason why we don't.' iWet,' observed Breeches, who, having, delivered himself of a disagreceble opinion, did not think it the less his duty to intensify it because it sold as much against himself as the othere, 'ler the island not be where Bill Stone says it is, en' you knock off', an' see what the magistrates 'II teli ye if- ye have to go to law for your wages.' 'What's the good 'arguing 7' ' sch Dock, lighting a pipe, with an impatient poffiog of the lobanoc smoke. ' It isn't proved yet ths Stone's wrong.' ' Ah,' remarked the ordinary seaman Hall, speaking with his month full, ' ye see, Jim, you wasn't at the helm when the parson reads out the figures and the mate walks aft; If yer had been ye'd ha' noticed the smile the cap'n cast after him.' What sorter smile? ' grunted L'teeches. 'What's the word sionilyin' aneerias.like asked Ball. There was apause and much stolid puffing of toeacco and mastication of biscuit SD'ye mean earcanetic!' exclaimed Duck. ' I war once al?ug with a capt'o as, wee given to calling the mate by that word when they quarrelled.' Well, if it means eneering.likes. a I say, it's the word,' said Hall. 'Even,' broke in the cook,- who had evidently been turning over points of law in hie mind, * if we was bound by the articles to make an island whict ain't to be found, I'll venture to may, hard as the law is noon sailors, that nothin' onpleaeans cosidl follow the crew's resolve to stop the easch on the srounds that the parson's a loonatio end Bill Sone not mucah hetter.' SWhy,' said Breeches, slowly, feeling that the othere were expecting him to speak, ' if ye pot it on that ground, Micky, Ildnnao as anythilng onpleusant would follow. It's plain rreough that We're navigated on what they 'alle a wision,' he continued contemptunsly, 'and we're not to know that all the eath there ia in Mister Forteaece'a dreammightn t be bottled up n a mane's here. Sppoin' we don't make she island, then we've get a right to censider it's a wielon, too-one of Bsone's wisions, and he ain't wanin' in the iart or piety that suffers from heelnr-hiale cuse the word ! There so mockh elack in many Esglibh tarme las there's no-bsouks' of it in.' - He paused that someone might' complete the word, Nobody volonteerings. he pro ceededs: SOr i it i ain't a what-d ye all lJolf Siee' it might he an inwenttion recommended to hin by the person's friends to tell-thbperson, so an he might be persnaded to takea woyage for his health, d'ye see They know'd one another afore we sailed; and whoas to say what secret Stone keeps hid? it.took him and Hiram a long spell afore tello' as what was the cnause of this woysge,.and can any man here, recollectin' of that, say that we know everything op and down, from end to end ? He shook hia heed withn soar grin. ' William Breeches hasn't been to sea all his lile for nothin'.' He added auddenly, SMy opinion's Micky'r. If theres no bhiland the whole woysge in a delusion, and we can compel the cap' to carry the schooner ome.' ' T he cook smiled broadly in triumph. Johnny slaid: 'I'm plad:ey glad to hear that. I 'wee slansey afeard we should have to keep all on in this bloomina ocen.' If ever we get home it'll ben journey to talk abont,' eclaimad Goldeeitb, with an uneaary ance at the bank tbat had been occupied by Wilks, the drowned aumen. ' It's not often that thinges ome together as they did aattecday For my part, it 'ad pleaeed mem ore bad they happeuned elter then now, with the island- wthcio a sho sail-if so be a it's there--?nd Friday atp os the bllu' to make it In l: What does the cat's want to o and chooe Friday for for makio'n8one's I[land 2': ' To keep toon to theb wyage, Martn, to keep toon s to the woyage, said Breeches,. in a voice ua hollow so hoareeass would permit it to be. ' If the paeon' a man able to see a ship wreck ten thousand miles off is a dream, observed Dock,' hemosua be asort o' wicrd, And if that's his lay, who's to know what henmay take it intohi. khed to reie out of the hisland? If he don't find his gal here he mayr order Das vy Jo up and ask uaes tions of him. And amnd hr. Johnny. my led, if se goes ashore, for when Dosvy's done with the persoo he ma? take a fancy to 1o0 ' 'No fear o' my. ln'_uaore,' responded Johnny, viaiblr agitated. "Selp me, I'd chucli myseltf down the hatabhway and brseas a harm sooner than mouse about wlhere wieions and ghosts have been seen andi be in thile parson's power. Some laurIghteul followed this .Ibui Iit us no h?'rd to guess by the want of heartines in it thot the boy'.remartk.had not struck chords whollyuntympathelic. Anyway, it wa pDlin ,bat in the foreoetle of the GoktEn Hope the superetitines feellnas whlch had been zeIted on the other Setd of the Ca?e, hut whith hod been allaled, by the representations of Mr. Forteeas'a motivre and mission by Birsm and Stone, were hecinning to creep cud atir again, al g wlthe old douhbts e to the mea'lns and sanitl of'the voyage. not Ii was under. stood that- the schooner was within three dare' sail of the place whmee the taland wae alrmed to.be. Cmariao nXVII.-Ta NIcms Belonrc, hot whatever might have ,been felt in the cabin, there wts not th. same freedom of avereatlon yoo fwned aemong the men. 'tbe Inst was things seeo n? ther re:rlis-e .Jt that Iollogg west seadepd too ,,naititU . t" itit ll01 try tfOttor urOXlinty to wtrWlt tlit, Iand frank talk. Hiram aespecially 'was r it served. He was certain that his calculation it were aoure,-and thas he woueald be-' ble t .- mail the mcbhoer~to.witbfnone minute of the ti latitude and loagitude of athe illad (liven him Sbly Sona; bt..aie wruiaaain .troubled and Spterhape,iuritatd bythebenectUon that. hould i, the eat extendbare to -its boandaries when g he told Mr., Fortelnethatthe spot indicated I by tshe mate weahs,esoed, he might be se. 0 petted of inacuraMU as a naviPgator, and the a bourden of the, .falue be laid upon hie r Ihoulders ; for' bnhppily there wam no one it on board who could confirm the correctopns if of hiworkings ; and you saw how this con. slidertton harasmed shim when he stood 0a o deck,, turning bhi protrading eyesy pon the a crew, or directing him gaunt face eawards f with a troubled expresslon, as thoung thirsting for the companionship of a vessel to I" enable him to prove his figullres by nom:' paison. Nor , had old Stone much to Ssay,; indeeda. wooden look came into his o face, ind he'd walk the deck with a regnlar a see-sawswing,l with ahbalt af to alsce aloft, then a hats forward to atare to windward, all in meobanical way that proved it was habit mcontrolling:, him'; Indeed, hi farawar' moods, so to say-for you couldn't spe&k; Iof dreiatneur in anoh a man-were sS.n ceedingly. diaturbing to Hirm,. tbougb .it I wae ot of the qaetmon he could ehalleui Sthe old lailor'e sincerity until the indicated situation of the island was reached even: if by so challenging he-felt he cpuld' maske him own thi hbe understood he was undes a Sdelneton. '". . .... SIt waes curiols, however, that the sceptiael Scaptin should have found eomethinn like I reasurance in Porteee' he behavior;: that is to say, in finding the curate on the Wed. nesday afternoon,, in the cabin overhaultll the contents offthe box of female weariug apparel be had b)onght with him.- It might be that his own. anxiety that the voyage t should prove aheoantety escestal in all ways ,,bade him willling, to-put some hope in the clergymean's profound'confideuce in the trnth' of his dream. s'Ha I' said hb, dtaglng at the mat of hair under his chin,. 'you've got a proper Mseortment there, sir. -None too much, if so be- well, none too much, I dareeay, 1ny how. HSow long wilithe lady have been on the islandt' ' Nine months,' nsseered Fortescne, in a subdued voice. 'An which'nd ye ratWbe, Mr. Forteeeoe that reebonld find her when we makes the :iland,' said Hiram, galping at these words and asklng she question merely to get some hopeont of the clergymes's conviction that Stone's inland was real. 'orthat she should have 'behn taken off by some paering ship long ago? . 'Oh, the latter,, surely, Captain Weeks ; yet' one weald want to know it. But what chance--the ocean tracks aeran well beaten he trade the selsnd lies out ofthe lmghwsys, ind'the, being a little rock--' Be cheched bimself, and added, ' There are not many hourernow betwixt n and the truth.' And he cl6sed'the lid of the box with a violent shudder: Hlfrm'thangbh it his duty b' cheer Mr. Fdrcees by b bing lively. ' It's' crious the number of garments women wears air. They're like fall.eirged ebipe-'l?ongide" ehbooners a cempared with men:' Trhey piles their canvas high, and 'it comes low down roo-cell it skysaile to watersailse If you was going to the relief of a man, aushirt, a pairo' pants, aend' a coat 'd be enough,' but here's achest full, and authin I dare sy'that could hbe done without. It's the clothing, maybe, that scope a good many chaps'fromget·in' married. You'& be know. inc of it, perhap?, sa a clerlyman sir. If that'there'ohemh is jest the tamporary houtfit of a yonag.ccsetawa lady, what's a. regular rig-.oaut guin' t'cout t and forgetting shat his intention was to be lively, he suffered his large goggling eyee to meet in a thoughtful squint upon the bou. 'Captain We?k.,' said Forteelcne taking no nociceof-thietalk, though the motive was too plain to render reseciment poesibl ; 'the yoaun Iadywil have my rabin, of corse.' ' And you'll have mine, sir.' ' Ye: I shall have to tarn you out.' 'Why, certainly,• 'She maysneed tender nursing-the teen derest nureing,' erolaimed Fortercse, brood ing over thomuhte sweet and melancholy, and epeaking in a. soft voice rendered melo. dioues y its gentleness. Think of nine months nuonran island !' claping his thin white hands.' "ow shabll we find ber merhaps, in oad heslth-whoknows ?' od is a mercilnul father. I have prayed to Him by day and by night. I mse here by His com. mande. Believe it ernot, it is so captain. And 'then the hope thae sprin?s es-real I I'iere is infinite-wtsdes in that ayping. One seel the kindling of it in dying eyes, as I have seen eyee still reed upon this world. It is alight that' illuminatem the shadow of death. Why should, it not have supported her? Has not hops saved many aitifebat for it would have. perished ? No, no I t is not spiritual hope I a thinking of, the deathbed beacon, Zt. is the material hepe that i is i my mind born of this world, yearns ing for this wi.ld,. tightenlng the hold of the heart upon ,thisworld for the love that must he left if death comes It will have animated her, it will-be the spirit of life in liar it will sustain her, ill I come guided by God, who would not- who would not-have sent me to seals her it she were not to be found 1 ' Although he was spoken to, although the dark and burning ees of the clergyman were apon him'-Hiram did' not- require to be told that Mr. Fortescn- was thinking aloud. To the plain aemana.'it sounded like an address from the pulpit so far as the manner of is went ;, but the meanner was hair-stirring in its way, spire ob Weeks's now perfect familiarity with the supesnatural intorastion of the voyage,' beerasd it showed that the parson's conviction. that the girl upon the island woo as prmfoUn,&on; this, the eve of the discovery of rthe truth nee way or the other, as is was when he made up hie mind tobuy the Golden Hope and sail her to the ocean they were in,. lideed, if ever Hiram's prottuding eyes wanted an excuse for griw tng moit they might have found it them in tiwhblunt. salt, bae hearty emotions which filled him when he looked at the handsome, sorrowful, pallid fate of Mr. Fortealoe, with itc sadness lighted-up Ino a pathos caspable of appealing to a fap rougher fellow than the skipper, by. the impamaioned, prayerful, wistful exoresiton of his countenance; and when he considered what would bhe the effecrt nopn the young mmaif Stone's Island should prove a delusino. SWell, sir,' he. said, with a certain an. couth bahful,ew .breaking in upon the rience 'if so be the lady's found all right noon the hisland, tallow it.will be the won derfullest sign of the bordering of the Lord as any man's likely to ome .across this aide o' the time that the 8crinturs comes down to. An' I. woulds') mind hettin'. if bettin' were 'lowable in a pionM matter of thi kind, that if the lady's on. the hisland yell find her in good health. li the beliunin turnms ot eight it'll he all plain salsin' after ; very thing'll be as youo'nld wish. The job is the beginning; for thouh 3 an watt ase well as another, yet I'd give 'two good pounds in money down at this moment if Stone or Breeches or-any of the men 'ad linolg out that there camel*-baped hieland o'your wisieon wa io right over tle bow. If that beginnin's all. right there'll be ns'er a kink in the rest of it, en I believe. It'll hbe all smooth and easy oilting down: "ain likely heaven 'ad start Aeentlemsn on'e herrand 'of tblh kind todls appoin, him. Jest make the bimland, and all the rest's warmnted. The seedy trade wind swept its warm breath Into tbhe crowded canvus of the rchooner, and the log gave her a speed of ten marine miles an bour. All Wednaesday the travelled thous,. ad ThuerdIay found the wind with even more wneiht in it, and the ichooner bheding her shining fabric of anvas fir over to the leeward syarkling hlne. It wee's day snuh a' Forteecue had eheld in hibs dream when the visn of the Indiaman roe esately amid a scene of white uanshlne aul rnning, flashing waters. It wan am though the O,,lden IfIpe knew that the limits of boher outward passage were almosr reached. The men seemed to witness a ,ew hearuty ini her ; it wrs like an impule from a (amiliar uhojin inspiritg a deeper perception 't.?. fonod.c noveflty of loveliness In what before had besn familiarly beautiful only. The surgee tumbled In silver over the blue 'folda of the nlrehanhreathing north crd. trendiang sewall ; thea daszle of the sunhine tilled the wind with tremblings of radiance, and the har-pkd rningnp amon the rlasieg ouordedlike an iltiertretattne of the vibratory shinine of the moving effulseenst atmoepre. & falnneseas of pearl appeared to barm ouer in ltitight from the redtenef.ths salf,and to oreste a whbitenea in the bln'e yard widse fenqt hs holr.pe ' where ths saucn tame down to the fult and- brlliant alotha in aflow f esluit tralsparnt aurae. Fromeithebr how toe salt scies broke away in a smoke of crystal.parilclee, and it was notiocd tha as imbla ao when the snhoonerdipped herleu, 'ther hung In the blns. translnpulcy, te. it 'wa coiled over into foam. br thesheariglioc 'the cutwster.' the misty, Rglde 'imagemf o'ap tngeliifh rmpetcat month, a- .thougL ths oqri~rinrl deep h~sen from ie e heart an i 5mbleli o tllspbhenlhopet5li i te egisld, pi ct over which, te ecoool?ner' e,?e-head . proudly roseaud fell SBus the ocean was bare, and had been ?tag o for dayes v ng- thb"s'funder eofp,'sdwh --+ s p.esence in thoewaters y?e7 rferable, as wihe trnf Chouhlt, to the'ecci ene of sto?ny weather beating her tud and eventually overwhbelming her In lthr eat som. Never before had the cees-of the vaetnese and desolation of the se?been?akene in Fottee cue. be, all day log dictin his eyes from one bow to theothe' wit wild importnnete Se.obh for the island. swlkob, be would ,in ceive, might be neauer than Hiram imagined. i since Stonsmey have-. misuaeckoned its plae by some leagues-he ga?ed a the limitlee / ssa?lion. the ebuinig mileanlag from dight |.od left Into he.eky, from the schoonr'e I cides till the immensity of what he survemed tilled his eoal with an oppression that awe like the deopoudeacyof mania. How else to express what he felt!- It wee his darling be chought of-lhat lone aer- amid this lelae-' ing immensity which lay bare to the kfor thoemands of miles--and fanciee of her made the ever receding horison an insapportebls contemplation. All-day long he remained on deck. .No tood cossed his lips; indeed, he onnld nob "at. Both Hiram and Stone left hims to bim self. ?They sere awed by the breathles jsrnln look of the mane taking in theb asa ither bow from he bowspmit io the toee ringing. It wsa not wooded isle , ? 'Hiram, that be should be k ontionuouse vili -sitath saiu argued thee liato ess'e I.. shbeold seamea might have wrongly osltesl its situation by some miles, whereby it might be sighted sooner or later than tbs time be reckomed on reaching the latitde end fougitude named. What struck Horam., as it struck Stone, sy, end the men forward. as you would have noticed by observing thet, gltaces they directed at the curate, wasthe halfreap, half- distresed. expression oli hi face-such a look, perhaps, as he woe' In his sleep when the machiner of his -dream had opened the ocean island to his ,mind's stalt, and showed Agatha upon it appealing to him. Indeed, some of the men tbouglb him possessed, and were shy of goins aft or pseeing along the portion of the deck 'he `night be stiding. Be never seemed wieay, pi walkIng. Sometimes be would come to n stand, end, grasping a pin or a bckmethyr. en his gaze fuall of ire round the uses' to either quarter, and then resume his walk. Stone was more affected than Hiram. The poincipa)'idsa put into the shipper by For.' tecone'e manner was-'If the island's -a delusieon of Stone', what in the name of all, that's holy will the parson feel and think and. dew when I has to tarn to and emy. " Well, I can' find ke hisoand ?"' Hiram's. sympathy badn'd length enough to go-much further than tat. Bal Stone seemed to see Forts. ecue-in hie eiginal cheraoter-that of the mrytioc, the dreamer, slightly deranged; wrong-headed. may be, on point ortwo, and so ,confding i his own imaginations as so make -bim. apteettio subiect for thought.' Not thba old Stope could have expressed his ideas; but pesEeption has no- referenae to words, and theverietlndremanm maypperhaps like to.bnow. that it is possible for the humblest and- mot unlettered sailor to have fancies and' understandings-of things which. if robed in Miltoilo language. would discover the regality oF' Miltonic thought. Hence there was., minled with Stoue's compae. e-onate .sar thbasthe curate's dream might prove nothlebut a delusion, a reverence for and awe ofl the' eart of transformation that had been wrosghs in him by his slience, his reatlessneas. his. passionate viligance, the' strangeo expressIon in his -fIce, Lstartlillng for its indefinablenees. Hiram noticed the fascination with whicha the old sailor would watch the clergymanm, swiftly inking or diverting hle-gazerif Forteecus looked his way ; aend is rendered it skipper more and more dubiousof ' Bil'e ?ud 'au a fact. 'Depend upon.it,- he tbuuuhb to himself, 'thie here tmanerof'the ourate isaeppealing to Bill's capacity of acting under delusions hiselif. A pretty. look out If the island's a lie I But I don't carel There's no con rlomeratin' of" the son's halt.?de. If my naviratiun ain't accepted he mast ship another cap'n.' ' And Mr. Fortecuo himself I Well, be was feverishly reetless, aehow could he fail to be, since, if the breeze heldt.next day was toehow him the limitof his long, lons jorney,. and to verify or disprove the moostviral'part of his wonderful drean.l:IIt sa rot unnataral that be could not eat; .or that; fighting with the fearful doubt inspired-by. Hiram that Stone's - Island was a flight of senile imlenstton, he should keep a thirsty gaze fixed apon the sea- line for any shadows which might arise there, soothing hispresent dread-of ultimate disappointment by the anticiation of Hiram's reckoning:c or that he could not resr, seeIno what stomorrow might signify and how fasttooday was- waning. His mind was agitated to its depths. The book upon his face of human distress minsled with spiritual hope, wase the fired shadow ifdi cating the .inward- motions-sa thousand feelings correepondtrg: with ?d, eombining to.that marble-like fixity of facial mvelstion. The abill"ot fear corrected the ardency of imaglintioo, or umany timeshe .sme have broken' into tranap.rts by thinking of the meeting-lf ihe were there to receive him. The sun sank in slery;.abth hbouing crim-' ano lsated to'the maitbh, and a bright star In the east lhshed diamond-like throoh - the wind that blew on the scbhtone's etarboard beam. The splendoer quckly died, the orange-tinted foam, faded into pallid glimmering aiongsid. and the fresh wind chased the rebing. schoonear under a sky of velve hblack, brilliant with orbs with here and there a ete?emlikehedl . tbstlooked like a dim and ininimtely reSmte'donsitlla Lion. The infloence 'of Foseecee's manner was upon the vessel, and it wee to bemetrsqngel felt when the liquid luminou 'dnsk came down in the hush seof expectation, though there were dear-a of men rmeoug forward,. and the glowing tips. of, tobacco-pipes. .'It was such .weather as needed noa' etandig br,' yre, instead of ooillin themselves away for a anoose In odd corners. the watch on deck lightly trod here and thee, 'peerin' over the side at the sea-line with a kind et anxious curiosity in their way, as tbhou?b they had borrowed, from the elergymn '.th.: feelingchat the ielsand might be made runt againstlthe low dewn sars at any momea . and they could not rest for the desire to see it, and what mieht show apnn it even in the darkness, so'full of thespernatural was theb Idea of it to them. Soaetimee there would be faint glare of lightning in the sout-wwet, like thes dim sheen of mome rniantio vite-ntinted lamp flashed upon theask teom behind the sea;' again and acin met.ore of mgulfoeries. trailing cloods of smteedouer, swept' lelt sparkling duet under thestareand Fortee?ei though rof the bright exhalaston that bahe leatt and sailedand, vanished over the msUate heads 'of the Verulam as he marked her' melting into the dusk past the English' Fore land. The water was sy with pbohphbrss0 ad standlig to. meward whenever- the choonner clove alonger sea than usual, yodd mark the brarsi plare rising to the rounded clothe, and for the moment makting tbe whole conftoration of the fabric absetly with this churebaed radianse as it leaned under the aweepin? stars Flrom sime so time the Io was hove, and thIs sam th. only feature of the shoenet'. life. .thee Fortes?ome seemed to notioe; the rattling of she real was . ea.amonas to bim; hawo·ul star- and go to the lee quaerter, and them stand iikem, spectre-sewv but for hiselec less eyes, whirk shone sleamlno to the. bull'-eastke.man who turned ohasb held to show the roaning ol the uand whileS Stone onHiram dressed In the 0leah of bhe line ?hrough the glistering eddring-spaetet of the wake; .ndi whenever the Ipeed w named he moved forward agaIn, shitng from ide to aide jfa?st hbefnre the mlnmeast with rests. between, which he'd take with hi ?as.cres upon the ril,.stering onate. itnLDe windy, stsarit night. irongsecyfrierlD.).r 