A REMARKABLE APPARITION—Trip GHOSTLY BARGE. A little river port on the Rappahannock, in Essex county, is noted throughontVfr! ginia for its superstitions. Indeed, many of the people in the vicinity believe as firijr in the ghostly world as in the existence rf the winding river upon -which a great nut of their lives is spent. Ihejr ghosts seldom take the form of men and women, however. The troubled spirits find more oomfort in sailing or steaming up -and down the rivers as vessels. The most ; notable 0f th^ ghostly - apiparition8 is the " Black Bairo, 11 the forerunner of Democratic defeat Soon, after the great civil war, while tlie Democratic party of this coni^esssog,] district was in state of complete demorali&. tion, an election for congressman came Q^ The district had always gone Democratic, and Rappahannock was considared the banner Democratic town in the section. The Democrats hereabout went into the campaign vigorously, but from the first there were grave doubts about the success of their efforts, since the neighbouring counties of King and Queen, Caroline, Middlesex and Spottsylvania were so improverished and rendered so desperate by the results of the war that their people cared little ahoa. political campaigns. The night before election -day • the Rappahannock Democrats had a torchlight procession and held a mass meeting on the river banks. The usnal rousing speeches were made, refreshments were plentiful, and a jolly time was had enerally. Just at midnight, while the f democratic congressional candidate was in the middle of an eloquent peroration, a man in the audience sliontcd— ' Look, fellows, what is that queer concern going down th« river ?" Everybody moved to the river edge and peered into the darkness. Sure enough, there was a qucer-sliaped barge moving along slowly, a vessel the like of which had never been seen in these waters. Torches were brought forward, and by their light the people saw or fancied they saw a number of gigantic negroes on the barge, dancing gleefnlly and making horrible grimaces at those on the shore. A dozen voices hailed the strange vessel, but met with no response. Then several boatmen pulled out to see what the thing was. In half an hour they returned with very scared faces, declaring that they had followed the barge for some distance, when it suddenly disappeared with a yell of triumph from the crew. Everybody was surprised at first, but soon the tendency to superstition cropped out, and by nert morning nine-tenths of the residents of Rap- &hannock; were firmly convinced that the Earge was a ghostly apparition and presaged nothing good for the democratic part}- that day. " Well, when the election returns came In from tbe district, it was found that the fiepublicians had elected their niui by a good majority, and chiefly throngh the larje negro vote that had been polled. Wlieu the nevs reached Rappahannock, of course every one said, *' I told you so," and nothing iras talked of for mouths afterwards cxcept the ominous " Black Barge." Six yeare ago it appeared again, and TO* followed by Republican succcss once more. Then it was seen no more untill lastNUVEHIber, when it came forward to defeu tai. Croxton, the sitting member of Con^ieE. This last appearance was like the first Mi. Croxton was addressing the Kappahaonux people on the night of November lstlast,asi was interrupted by cries of "The BWl Barge !" " The Black Barge !" Mr. Croston, who of coarse took no stock in tbe strange story of the vessel, tried to regain the attention of the people, and cautioned tiem against being superstitious, but all to no purpose. The meeting, which began with merriment and enthusiasm, euded in silence and a general significant shaking of heads. Next day the Rappahanuockities west to the polls with glowing countenances and freely predicted Croxton's defeat Two days later all the returns were in, and it was announced Judge Bayley Broun, Republican candidate, was elected by over t«o thousand majority.— Titueville Weetly Herald. 