Australian Tales an Adveutures. \--,0. I --,--( .w.', A RACE FOR LIFE. By R. P. Whitworth. CHAPTER IV. WHrT DICK hNUG.ET DID. As I have already said, Dick Nougent wasan officer in the now defunct Cape Mounted Rifles, and that, after the disbandment of that gallantcorps, he came out to Australia. So be did. But there remains between Grahame' Town at the Capp, and Australia, a hiatus of two years to be filled up, and this is the very mystery, a mystery about which you could very rarely get Dick to say anything, for he was as modest as he was brave, and his gallant deeds, although recorded in the regi mental orders of the day, were seldom, if ever, alluded to by himself. The fact is that Dick, durino the two years referred to, had been in New Zealand, where he had done good service with the troops under the command of the gallant and lamented Von Tempeky. Dick was as dash. ing a light dragoon as ever wielded a sabre, or wore a forage cap on three hairs, and soon attracted the attention of his brave leader, by whom he was signalled out for any deed re quiring special smartness and daring. It was indeed a perilous time. The hill tribes of Maoris, under the astute Tamati urga Mann, and the ferocious Patarika his brother, had descended from the slopes and fastnesses of Tongariro, Raupehn, and Kahitapanun, and had descended, breathing blood and slaughter on the peaceful settlements of lakaramea, and the Paten River, and had joined the Pariatea natives under "the prophet" Te Whiti in what they looked upon as a holy war against British rule. The Maori is a strange compound of oun. leg, ferocity, cupidity, and generosity. Faith ful as a friend, he is equally treacherous as an enemy, and in his anger knows neither pity nor remorse. Instigated thereto by the fanatical leaders named, the wild savages of the interior came down in thousands to sweep the detested "Pakehas" from the face of the land, and it was to stay this torrent of human passion, to drive back this avalanche of cruelty and rapine that Von Tempesy and his gallant band had penetrated so far inland se the Upper Wanganui river, the veryhres. hold of the Maori territory. They had been tolerably successful in repelling the advance of the savages, and had, at all events, contrived to keep the lower settlements free from attack, but, although the danger was in a great measure ignored and pooh-poohed at head quarters by the military authorities at a safe distance in Wellington, still those who knew the Maori character best, saw that this was but the smouldering of the fire that should presently burst forth like the sleeping volcano of Tongariro in the distance, and overwhelm the land in ruin and dismay. Von Tempsky's troops were stationed at a block house in a clearing on the edge of a clump of bush, which though tolerably open on its outskirts, grew gradually more dense inland, until at a mile or so from the camp it was almost totally impassable. To the North and West of the encampment the country was more open, and was dotted with numerous clearings and patches of cultivated land, the homesteads of well to do settlers, who were anxiously waiting the current of events, not knowing one day from another when the terrible Maoris might spread deso. lation in their midst. Dick N?gent and three others had been for more than a week detached from the main body on outpost duty, as an advance picket or soouting party. They were stationed abshout fourmileefrom thecampand oeupied quarters at the farm of one of the outseettlers. Every thing was quiet, and although rumors were rife that the Maorie were rising in this or that direction, nothing definite could be seen or heard of the wily foe. Still there was a portent of trouble in the very air, and the silence and stillness was like that before a thunder-storm. The storm was, alas, to come too soon. One fine morning in February Dick, who was in charge of the picket, divided his men into two parties with the object of paying a visit to two outlook spotse which commanded a view of the surrounding country. There were two not very lofty bills close to the edge of a belt of forest, which stretched away to the lofty ranges to the east ward. It was the custom of the two parties after visiting these outlooks to meet half-way between them, and then to visit a ford in the river a mile or eo further on. Dick and his comrade had visited their station, and perceiving no csueo for alarm, had passed along to the ereeting place to join the other party, But no one appeared. They waited until, becoming alarmed at the un wonted delay, they advanced slowly and cautiously along the track. It was very strange. The country round was silent as the grave. Not i sight nor a esonnd that could betoken the presence of an enemy, and yet they felt a singular premonition of impending danger and disaster. Had the beginning of the end then arrived 7 The question was speedily answered, for, nearing the foot of the hill, Dick, who was in advance, suddenly dropped on his knees behind a bush, signing to his companion to do the same, as he per ceived something moving through the bushes shead. It was as he half thought, a party of Maori warriors, tatooed and painted, stealing on the silent lope which characterises their march. The terrible war dance had been performed, the war canoe had been launched on lake Rotorura, and they had come forth from their fastnesses breathing war and thirsting for elaughter, headed by the ferooious and bloodthirsty fanatic Patarika Nga Manu himself, than whom any one more disbolical in aspect or in character, it was impossible to conceive. Too well they knew what had happened; the demon band, themselves con. coaled in the bush had seen the poor fellows anoonscious of danger on the summit of the hill, and had stolen round and slaughtered them with the murderosne meri. Dick and his companion had barely time to sink out of eight in the thick fern and undergrowth that skirted the road when they came into full view. Led by tile gigaenti Patarika, a very Hercules in size and strength whose patu still reeked with the blood of the troupeis, they pssced etalthhily and rapidly alonci the track in the direction of the other hill, vcidently knowing the habits ofl he leout., who had in all probahility been watehed. and intending to mnrder them like wise' and to ma e a olaid n the ettlersround before the main body of troropo lhonldhear of it. The MIoris pahsed as silently as ghoste, they numberid nhnot fitty, and were all fully armed andl sqniipped nith native weapons, and a few lhavin fire acires. No time was to be los'. The IMaorie would soon di cover the eset!,e of their intended vio time, and woult either stcrch the bush for them, or what was more Ihkely, make straight for the farm, and murder every soul, man, woman, and child, in it. Partly crawling therefore, partly running through the masses of dense undergrowth, the two troopers made a bee line for the heur'. But ere they reached it they had half a mile of open couctry to cross, and befolere they had left the forest they heard the yell of disappointment from the Maoris at finding their victims gone. Dick well knew that their wonderfulinetinet for tracking would soon send them inhot pursuit, ard he therefore urged hit compan ion forward with all the speed he could. But the young follow had neither the wind nor endurance Dick had, and soon began -to lag behind. In vain Dick spurred him on, for his strength failed him, and at last, just as. they reached the open, and after a last effort, he tripped over a root, fell prone on the earth, and at the came time sprained his ankle. "Pat a bullet through my head, Dick, and, leare me," said the poor fellow, in mortal " anguish. " Yee. and through my own at the same time. No Bob, not yet, While there's life there's hope, IIll drop a felw of 'em atany rate, and if they do cetch us, I'lleave the last two shots for you and m3 self." "Yes Dick, but I can't even walk, and they; have guns." " Ba, guns, why they couldn't hit a hay stack," and Eo saying he Elong his comrade over his broad shoulders, and set off against a rapid pace. But he bad barely got hall way over the open fiat when the Maoris burst from the covert, with a loud yell of delight at seeing their quarry so near them, while he te- . doubled his effort's to or.ech the house. 18 was indeed a race for life, and he was too : heavily hanudicapped to have much chance.. Nevorthelees he atruggled bravely-n, neryed to desperation by the savage yells and taunts hehind him. Ofbe the Maois, one, a famous runner, bad for outstripped the others, and was rapidly. gaining on him, intending, when within "dis tance, to hurl his spear at the flying foe. aBut Diok knew better than that. Slapping suddenly short, when his comrade toldlham the Maori was within revolver range, he turned, took a quick aim at his advanolng enemy, fired, and the savage, bounding for ward, fell on his face coughing npblonl , , with a ballet through his chest. But thbi short pause had, of course, .given the por suers some advantage, although the, one 'or - two who had the lead did not seem at all anxious to keep up that honorable distine tion. Yet they did not abate their pace; and rapidly gained on him, as with his load hin".. travelling was necessarily slow. Nearer and nearer the enemy, and neare? and nearer the house. Would he reach it. The white faces at the window were those . o the settler's wife and daughter, while at' the door, and ready to closeit behind the sorely beset man, stood the settler andhis son. ' . Would he ever win that friendly door A? few Eteps more. He falters, staggers, pulls' himself together for a last effort, and farly - falls through the open doortrayinto themiddl of the apartment as a epear quivere in the door. Thank heaven I Quick rifles, crack, crack, two streams of fire, two pufas of smoke, and two more of the savagen bite the dust. Aye, yell, and crem, and blaspheme in hs language of Mania, oh redoubtable Patarik aga Mann, but keep out of the reach of those venomous looking rifle barrels, or your Ranm gatiraship is sped. Of the gallant defence of the homestead by that little band until warned by the siga?e smoke agreed on, the main bodysl troops came up, and forced the Maoris back into th, bush, who, having been in that part of the country, has not heard, and who gained sou - honour both at head-.quarters, and from hieu- commander? Hehaving he)d the feroio - savages at bay, and escaped with his life Sy something little short of a miracle, was looked upon as a kind of hero, and although he never talked about this feat of his, still his repute. tion clung to him, and, as a matter of course, made him a favourite with the ladies, evenhaa - his natural good humor and gaiety of heaft not done so already. CHAPTER V. WHAT CAME OF iT. But there were other symptoms of love making in our little party, and despite the watehtulness of Miss Forsyth, and although: I laid a strict injunction on every one not to stray out of eight of the camping ground, under pain of being lost in that dense bush, still, when the baskets had been opened, and the good things therein discussed, all many care and watchfulness could not prevent the young folks straying off in pairs, professedly in search of ferns, bush fowers, or what not. Indeed, when lulled by the endless mur mur of the waterfall, and soothed by the narcotio influences of the post prandial pipe, Mr Forsyth and myself dropped off into that' sweetest of all slumbers, the siesta by the namp fire, our flookck wandered away alto gether, Dick and Kate, of course, Tom Lip pinaott and Laura, and even the stately "Duchess," Miss Nugent, had been led away into the trifling pursuit of fern gathering in the dense undergrowth by the "newspaper chap." " cooey ' soon brought ?he stragglers baol to camp however, and after a billy of tea, and the remnants of the main feast had been disposed of, we retraced our steps along the blazed track through the obsonre forest, hot, loot-sore, weary, dusty, dirty and ragged enough in all conscience, but merry as crickets, and anticipating a refreshing dip in the briny on our arrival "home." Ah me I twelve months have passed and gone since that pleasant oienio in the grand Otway tangee, but in twelve months have manychangee, been brought about, no setstof all, I fancy, or perhaps in a great measure by the exertions of my dear old wife, who is a most inveterate match maker. Diok and Kate are married, so are Tom Lippincott and Iuora, the wedding of Jack Thompson and the hanghtv Clara Nugent is on the tapis, and P'ierce Vansittart called on mo no longer since than yesterday, to ask my counsel in a delicate matter, in which a certain Miss Emma Ross, now in Hobartown, but with whom he has been for some time in corra pondence, was concerned. Old Forsyth and myself meet occasionally, for he spends more of his time in Victoria than formerly, now his pirlanre married, and •s the new year approaches, Mrs Boorke Colline begins to throw out mysterious hints about the sea side, and to compare the elative merits and expense of Queensolif, Portnea, Loron and other places, all of wih b* pretend either not to hear or not to uidear. .tand, but which I know lull well portends a isit to one or other of those places so avourable to herfavorite pastime of match. making. . 507 , A 