SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1887. A recent cable message announced the departure of Mr. H. M. STANLEY, the greatest of living African explorers, for Zanzibar, whence he is to start on an expedition to relieve EMIN Bey, who has for several years past been holding out under great difficulties at Wadelai, in the equatorial provinces of the Soudan. As this expedition is certain to attract the attention of the civilised world for some time to come, it may be worth while to give a brief account of the past career and present position of GORDON'S Lieutenant, and of the country with which his name will always be identified. EMIN Bey is an Austrian by birth, and for the last eight years he has been the absolute ruler of the most remote and in- accessible of the Egyptian provinces of the Soudan, to which he was ap- pointed by the late General GORDON, who was then Governor and Com- mander-in-Chief under the KHEDIVE of the whole of the recently annexed Egyptian territory in that vast and barbaric region. The province in ques- tion is situated in that wonderful lake country which has been opened up by the noble efforts of a succession of explorers—LIVINGSTONE, SPEKE, GRANT, BAKER, and STANLEY. The oldest and most settled portion of the province is some 200 miles long and 150 miles wide, and reaches from Lado, on the upper waters of the White Nile, to the northern extremity of Lake Albert Nyanza. Westward of this stretches au elongated tract of land, through which flows tho Makua, one of the innumerable branches of the Congo. This portion of tho province is less secure than the other, as it is exposed to incur- sions from the great slavo raiding dis- tricts, that to tho north which is ravaged by the followers of the Mahdi, and that to the south- west which is operated upon by TIPPO" TIB, tho great slave and ivory hunter of Zanzibar, and the greatest potentato in Central Africa. Immediately south of EMIN'S province lies, or rather did lie, tho negro king- dom of Nuyoro; wliilo betweon this territory and the groat Lako Victoria Nyanza, is tho famous barbarian stato of Ngauda, of which so much has been heard recently. The late sovereign of Nganda, MTESA, was a comparatively enlightened ruler, and the friend of | European travellers ; but he died a short timo ago and was succeeded by his sou MWANGA, a young but bloodthirsty i savage, ono of tho first acts of whoso reign was tho torturo and murder of Bishop LIANNINGTON and other missionaries, and a large number of nativo converts to Christianity. As alreadystated, the nativo kingdom I of Nuyoro formerly lay between EMIN'S provinco and Nganda, but within the last year or so it was invaded by an army fiom Ngandu, which killed the King and some 10,000 of his subjects, and laid wosto the country, completely stopping EMIN Bey's communications with the south. The position of Nganda under its present King is an important factor in tho situation of KMIN Boy, as tho easiest means of relieving him would be by an expedition from Zanzibar by way of Victoria Nyanza and IN ganda, but the uncertain disposition and attitude of tho savage who now rules there introduces a special element of danger into the situation. North-west of EMIN'S pro vinco lies tho district known , as the Bahr Gazai, which ' was held for the Egyptian Government for several years by LUPTON Bey, who put down tho slave-hunters, and brought tho provinco into sucli good order that ho offered to send £62,000 worth of ivory or caoutchouc yearly to Khartoum on condition that ho received regularly by steamer in return ¿35,000 a year in goods, ho paying all the expenses of tho govern- ment and the troops of his province. LUPTON Bey was, howover, attacked by the Mahdi's followers, and after a desperate resistance, ho was, in the summer of 1884, taken by treachery, and has ever sinco been a prisonor in the rebel camp or at Khartoum, The fall of LUPTON Bey, which pieceded that of GORDON at Khartoum by some six months, was thus one of the many disastrous consequences of tho miserablo vacillating policy upon which the British Government entered after the occupation of Egypt. Sinco the fall of LUPTON Bey, tho Bahr Gazai, with its capital, Dem Zebehr, has been tho centre of the slave-hunting expeditions, and a baso of operations against EMIN Bey. The December number of tho Fort nitjhlly Review contains an article by Air. J. T. WILLS, giving some interest- ing facts with regard to the slave hunting business in Central Africa, and tho benefits introduced into his province by EMIN Bey. The greatest of all the slave-hunters is, as already mentioned, TIPPU TIB, and the extent of his operations is shown by tho fact that his bands were met on tho Congo by Mr. STANLEY in 1883. They had captured 5,000 slaves, killed probably five times as many, and sacked nnd burnt 118 villages on the Congo alone. Turn's most lucrative business is in ivory. Tho greater por- tion of ^tlio 100 tons of this article shipped annually from Zanzibar is his, and most of his slaves aro " used up " în carrying it to tho coast, a distance of over 1,000 miles. A traveller who went through lately by his chiof routo saw slaves dying like sheep of small-pox and other infectious diseases at every camp, and the officer of the Congo Stato at Lake Tanganyika says that half of them die in tho three months' journey to the coast. These facts show what a fearful curse slave-hunting is to Central Africa. There is, however, another side to the question. Although the negro population ia being swept away by thousands, an extensivo Arab and Zan- zibar i immigration is going on. Kasongo, the headquarters of TIPPU TIB, above Stanley Falls, on the Upper Congo, is described as a large town, with broad streets and many fine houses. One of the possibilities of the future is the foundation of a powerful independent Arab state in tho upper waters of the Congo and tho Nile, and such a power would be a serious danger to the Congo Free Stato. In August last, just after Mr. STANLEY'S departure, the station tit Stanley Palls was attacked and taken by the Arabs. At present however, TIPPU is on his good beha- viour, and tho announcement that Mr. STANLEY had made arrangements to take tho most powerful man in Central Africa with him on his expedition although declared to be premature by the African explorer, who is not likely to reveal his plans before they are com*, pleto, is not at all improbable. With tho men and means at tho disposal of TIPPU, and with his goodwill secured, the relief of EMIN Boy ought to be an' achievement of no great diiiiculty. As showing the good work done by EMIN Boy, it is mentioned that in 1881 ho made a journey into tho Kohl district, which lies between his pro- vince and the Bahr Gazai, and caught .100 petty slave-dealers, whom ho took to Khartoum. The balance-sheet of the province that year showed a net profit of _8,000. A little later Lado is described as quito " a nourishing " place : the gardens were thriving, " and the negroes generally were " beginning to cultivate something " more than pumpkins and dliarra." The culture of cotton was introduced by the Governor, and the natives had learnt to mako woven fabrics of it themselves. The last letter received from EMIN Boy is dated Wadelai, the 7th July, 1880, and in it ho says that all the stations are busily employed in agricultural work, and that at each the cotton plantations aro doing well. Tho shoemakers' art has been introduced, they make their own soap, and grow splendid tobacco. The career, of GOR BOU, LUPTON, and EMIN Bey shows what can bo done with a negro population under enlightened European rule. The lake, district of Central Africa possesses boundless resources, and undoubtedly has a splendid future before it. The curse of the country is the slave dealers, and until they are put down thcro can bo no permanent improve- ment or civilisation. If EMIN Boy is compelled to leave his province, the one oasis in the vast desert of barbarism will be swept out of existence. The slave-dealers will swarm in, and the people who have been taught by EMIN the arts of civilised life will be exter- minated, The brave Austrian has no wish to desert tho scene of his past labours. All that ho requires are stores of various kinds, and, perhaps, some assistance to enable him to hold his own against the hordes from tho north. The fall of Khartoum and the withdrawal of the Egyptian garrisons from tho Soudan, under English advice, has been a severe blow to the cause of civilisation in Central Africa. Something, how over, still remains, and if EMIN Bey can only bo enabled to permanently hold his own, a centre may ultimately bo established from which a vast area, at present condemned to misery and barbarism, can bo gained over to peaco and civilisation. Heneo Mr. STANLEY'S expedition is of no small importance, and if ho succeeds in his mission ho will have worthily added to tho renown which already attaches to tho discoverer of LIVING- STONE and tho explorer of tho Congo. A contributor in our " Notes and " Comments " column the other day spoke of tho revision to which the hymn-books of the day aro subjected. A chango is always in silent process. This old familiar friend is dropped ; another is ro- cast; some stranger of promise is introduced. It would be interesting wero some ecclesiastic with a broad mind and a grasp of his sub- ject to go through the hymnals of the different generations, with a view of tracing the growth and the development of dogma and doctrine. An ingenious writer in another sphere has shown how the history of the English nation can be read on ita signboards, and with far more ease and certainty tho strange eventful records of Christian opinion could be both illumined and demonstrated by means of the verses which were grateful to worshippers each in turn in their day. That such a work would be sensational would be its least merit. It should also have a humbling effect. We should havo vivid pictures of how one genera- tion despised the doctrines which another generation agreed to reverence and honour-burning and persecuting in their turn those who dissented from the orthodoxy of their day. And this would help people to understand tho graciousness of toleration; and how odious in history aro tho men who revile and reproach for opinion's sake. BONNER and GARDINER, who lit tho fires of Smithfield, wero excellent men in their way. But they wero just as narrow awl fanatical, no moro and no loss, as tho Calvinista who burned SERVETUS. Posterity shrinks from them, one and all. And now toleration has so far spread that tho spectacle of a section of tho clergy engaged in harshly judging a brother, scandalising him, plotting his temporal ruin, and all becauso of some suspected theo; logical difference, is invariably pro- nounced by the masses to bo unedify ing. Their sympathy is with that divino who declared that truth could very well fight her own battles, and that leaving truth to defend herself he would protect charity. The story of tho hymns would sur- prise people with tho changes that can occur in so short a period in the pro- cess of thought as a. century. In SHELLEY'S day one popular composition ran " There is a nover-ending hell, And nover-elying punis, Whero Children must with Demon« elwell In darkness, fire, and chaina." As tho Bev. FREDERIC ROBERTSON justly observes, to understand tho re- volt of SHELLEY you must know tho literature that was placed in his hands, 'lho impassioned Brighton divine did not' hesitate to declare that there was a Christian literature-so culled-which if pressed upon him would cause him to revolt also. But if SHELLEY could como back, ho would discover that that particular hymn liad been dropped out of the booka of worship, and as likely as not its placo filled by some Armiuian strain Why, then, thou universal Love, Should any of thy Brace despair ? No revolution could be moro complete than the one which has occurred in modern thought-in Christian thought -upon tho momentous ,subject in question ; and when ona notes such a reversal of judgment as this, the folly -and the worse than folly-becomes apparent of bitter quarrels and en- venomed attacks about what in com- parison are minor articles of faith. No one can tell which party in a theological dispute will bo deemed right a century heneo, and a man may well hesitate not to persecute upon a side which the church by a consensus of opinion may ultimately pronounce to be the non Christian side. It is well, indeed, that the church as a whole has this power of revision and renewal in one portion of its litera- ture, for probably tho hymn-book keeps sweet many a sect which would other- wise have perished through its Siamese attachment to dead and dying articles, statements, and professions. In passing, the remark may be made that our contributor's complaint about tho retention of tho familiar "Jerusalem tho Golden," would hardly bo sustained before a general council. There aro hymns that aro heirlooms of the church. No ono would willingly part with the BO-called "angelical " doxology," " We praise Theo, wo bless " Theo, wo worship Theo, we give thanks " to Theo, for Thy great glory," etc.; for traditien lias it that this was the death song which the early martyrs chanted as they marched from their prisons to tho stake, or to the wild beasts of tho arena. And so tho "Jorusalom" hymn, otherwise known as " They " stand, thoso halls of Zion, " comes to us from BERNARD of Clugni, one of tho earliest of tho hynm-writera of the Latin church. Tho whole poem, which consists of threo thousand hexameter lines, each having a triplo rhyme, is described by Arch- bishop TRENCH as " tho most wonderful " ever written." The allogory of BERNARD, like that of BUNYAN, is patent to and is loved by the child, while much of his thought is essentially modern-such as tho verso, " Brief lifo is here our portion, " brief sorrow, short lived cato ; the "life that has no ending, the tearless "life, is there." The Dies true of THOMAS DE CELANO will always bo entitled to a placo in tho hymnal, because of tho grandeur of it3 lan- guage and the thrill of its versification ; and BERNARD, who presents the other sido of tho picture, is entitled to live because of his melody and his sweetness. KEBLE, it has been said, loved to linger on this poora " Ever in ita melodious store / Finding somo charm unknown before." A study of the modern hymnals will bring confusion not only upon the narrow- minded sectarian, but also upon the men who doubt whether there is still genius in tho church, and whether tho religious world is really " working " upwards to a bettor day." For the hymn-writers of tho present day may boldly bo placed upon as high, if not a higher pedestal than any who have preceded thom. Wo have had KEBLE, LYTE, and NEWMAN. Nothing would induco tho church to part with the "Sun of my Sou!"'of the first, the " Abide with me" of tho .second, or tho " Lead, kindly light " of tho third, and theso aro only a por- tion of tho treasures with which they have enriched tho community. In power and in grace also, two at least of the three hold their own against any of their predecessors, and they have a sweetness and a hope which belongs to theso latter days-a sweetness and a hopo against which sectarians of the old schools strugglo in vain. Thousands of English speaking pooplo make a pioug pilgnnmgo to Stratford on At ou m oidoi that they may pay homage to the gemua of SHIKSPFARE by visit ing his butliplaco, his homo, and Ina tomb It may bo truly said that his ?works, replete with evory English einmietet, full of tho national spirit, and fnnuhar whorover Englishmen find a homo, ropiesont tho unity of our scat tored raco 'i hey aro read and stud led and enjoyed m every quarter of the globo Hie peoplo of Amenta and India lind of the colonies, though thoy mo widely separated by distance and in habits, feel th it thoy can all claim feniKSiLIRE as their oivn Ho belongs not BO much to tho countiy in which ho waa bom, na to tho language m winch ho M roto Many a snd hour Ina boen mudo lighter, at tho antipodes, bj the vtntfgoiica of Falstaff, 01 by tho strange and tondci scones of " llio Tom peat," wlnlo many a mind liai been ONOicisedover tho madness of Ophelia, or punded by tho myatoi 10113 vacilla tion it Inch m Hamlet paiiljscd tho ?Dill What tho v,oriel 01 es to SIIAKS PPARE, 111 tho prosont day, when ncrosa tho centuries of chango and rovo lution it can lend tho verses that hung On tho ti ces 111 Arden, and seo tho gorgeoua court of Queon Tit mi 1, ia not to bo calculated Ilo li ia dono 111010 to amuso, console, and inspito his fellow countrymen, thin almost all oui other wntoia put togothor But moro, ho 13 essentially, as SCIIIIIER una in Gonn my tho dramatist of tho nntional unity-a fact which lil ikea his ty ntin_a of practical importance to day His lustoncil plaja hnvo been described ns mi epic Uley nro mtonsoly English Ihey de pict tho heroic n_o of England , they embody tho national sentiment, tho unflinching patriotism, which mudo tho countiy ty hat it is among tho luttions 'J hoy aio tho hiatoiy ti the nntional growth, with tho Ino still glow mg tlnou_li it Tor theso and many other rensoiiB, tho scheme of it Inch Mi L L SMITH 13 ODO of tho messengers to these colonies ought to commend itsolf to nlllovoia of litoi_iire If tho old church at Stratfoul is lonotated by tho moans suggeated, it mil not only widen tho niteiost in tho jubileo yeal, but it will 10 pieaont to all futuro time the union of tho J nglish racum loyalty to thoirgieatcat poet It ia only naht that tho colonies, ttluch nihciit Ins worl s, should tako pait 111 tho movement llio Sluil speniu ¡society, that professes to hay 0 tho study of lus writings for ita aolo object, BIIOUUI bo leady to tnko up tho scheme, mid pioto its appiecmtion of tho man v,lioso woiks lime brought it into boin¿ Mrs IIPVR) "WOOD, -yyhoso death ia announced by cabio, li id lived ftom thou youth upward with moBt mon mid 110111011 of the proaent generation Tuent) eight jeaia ago alio published hei fitat novel, Danesbw ¡/ ITouie, and one year lator that book which has dtnwii so many teaia fiom wenlv oyes, last Lynne Just _i/ii)ie ia not 1 healthy woik, 1101 yot a faithful pictuio of English lito , und yet it wna and is a min 1 ollouslj popular book, lend cvorvwhcie, 111 its diumatie form, played oioiyvihcio it contains all tho faults and all tho monts of tho clovot nuthoicss 111 an intenBified or Bupoilatno degteo, and romaina tho crown of all hoi litormv work Booka without numbei foi lowed last Lynne, novel a jem without one, and aomotimos two or thieo 111 tho yoar All tilca or English country hfo, genomlly w ltn tho old cathedral city sot in tho midst, 1 haunted mansion suggestively neal, and the crimoB and ghosts of tho whole neighbourhood maisluillod and rovoalod 111 propor and artistic 8oquonco Tho plot of the atoiy ia UBunlly baaed on a groat cunio, tho nitorest is main tainod by frequent ghostly appearances, the humour is supplied by various quaint antics of nuituie Bpmator hood, or tho freaks and experiences in disciplino and spoit of ' collogo boy s " lho good women generally aro of a wholesome tvpo, the heroines shadow}, (esthetic, and given to hvsteiia, men ratliei iftei womans ideils and anti patines thin tho living types life students leiiow , tho boys tho best and most natmal of all, peril ips Tho liant is in t lick of leal insight Tho books contain no evidonco of know- ledge of tho moro complex emotions of humanity or of the mystoiy of beauty in which humanity is eiery where enshiined Never in all tho descriptions of homo pirks and elm bordered meadows do MO feol tho intluciicQ of that timo when " the white lune glimmer, nnd the trees 1 old their d irk arms about the fields Nor, m all tho magnificent opportunities tho choieo of acones lias atlorded her, has tho authoiess onco giasped and poitfayed tho sentiment of the old minster tower and town, tho niwaid and spiiitual giaco of sacred or sanctified cn closuies, which thrill with so deep a pathos through tho list penned lines of tho uncompleted ¿eliot» Dtood Mrs Iii NRY \\\ OOD saw but as common placo people soo, but sho had a happy knick of gathering and grouping all tho moiu stuthng events and miasma tiona of commonpl ice life, and of piesenting them in attuctno foim, yet vvlthout aid of any spico of piunencyor of tho libeities which many modern authois havo issumtd, but which tho c mons of Lnglish good tasto havo not so far allow ed The cable news tina morning shows that France ia continuing to concentrate her mili- tary forées boveral battalions have been recalled from Algeria, and a number of generals and other ofliciuls have lett that country to take commands in France. 'Ihe military budget for lSSli assigned 52,052 mea and 10,707 horses to Algeria The (government are about to appoint a Royal commission to inquire into the work- ing of the Trading Companies Statute, and have already communicated with some lead- ing men in the commercial world, whom they desire to act as members ot that body. It will be remembered that last mission Mr. Lorimer introduced, in the Legislative Council, a bill to amend the act men- tioned, lins bill proposed, tnter alia, that no banking company issuing notes in Victoria should bo entitled to limited lia- bility us regards its note issue, that, in case of a failure, notes bhould be paid in full out of the general assets of the balik , and that, if the assets failed ultimately to meet the total liabilities, the shareholders should be called on to pay tho amount received by the noteholders. The bill like- wise proposed to introduce the pun ciple of "reserve liability ' in connection with trading companies Under that prin- ciple, every company Beta aside and hypothecates a certain portion of its uncalled capital as a fund for the protection of its creditors m the last resort. This fund is only to be touched in the event of the insti- tution being wound up. It 13 a reserve lor creditora to fall bick upon This principle has been introduced in England, ana has been described as having eitV'Cted a momentous and switt revolution in the financial basis of the banking BJ stem there. The bill passed through the Council, but was one of the measures struck out in the Lower House, and its proposals will be inquired lnto-by the committee It may be added that Mr. Service, when in othce, promised that such a commission should bo appointed, and the present Government boa determined to ful lil the promise. The crowded state of the hospitals in Mel- bourne and the district, and the urgent ne- cessity of providing additional accommoda- tion for patients Bullering from typhoid fever, was brought prominently beloro the Central Board ot Health by Professor Kernot at a special meeting held j csterdnj It was eng geBted that tho Williamstown sanatorium should be utilised, but the board came to the conclusion that it would be highly m advisable to adopt that course tor three reasons. In the first place, the sanatorium buildingsmightcontainthogermsof small pov or other intectioua disease, to which the weakened condition of typhoid patienta would render them peculiarly susceptible of attack, secondly, the institution might at any time be required for the purpose for which it vvns established, viz., to accommodate cases arriving by sea , and thirdly, it is too far distant from Melbourne for typhoid fever patients to be removed to it with safety, the opinion of medical authorities 111 longland being strongly against the unnecessary travelling of persons suffering from typhoid. It waa eventually decided to suggest to the Acting Chief Secretary that temporary pro vision should be made by erecting a group of wooden huts or tents on a secluded site within the Koyal-park Mr Pearson was inter- viewed, and hcatonceaanctionedthisproposal, and desired them to select a suitable situa- tion forthwith A visit was accordingly paid to the lloyal park, and with the sanc- tion of tho trustees the central board pro- pose to establish tho camp hospital to the left of the Zoological gardens, in an unfre- quented part of the park, and screened from, view by a cluster of trees. 'Hie Central Board of Iienltli do not expect I lint it will bo necessary to occupy land for the purposea of a typhoid hospital tor more tlinn three months, nnd in the meantime every pre- caution will be taken to prevent the spread of the disease. 'J lie camp hospital in to be under the control of the Central Board of Iienltli, and a medical gentleman will bo appointed to tuite charge of the patients, co operating with the medical staffs of the Melbourne nnd Alfred Hospitals. The Rail wtij a and Education departments are to be asked to furnish portable buildinga forolhces, mid the Defence department to supply the necessary tenta. The Gov eminent aro to be aaked to bear the expense, which, it ia eati mntcd, will not amount to more than a few hundred pounds 'ilio duty of providing hospital accommodation for typhoid patients ia cist upon the local boards of health b) the law, but the Central Board of Health are taking action so as to avoid delà). '1 he Bmall pov patienta nt the quarantine station are to be liberated as thoy recover, nt the discretion of Dr. Porter, the medicnl officer in charge It w na decided at a special meeting of the Central Board of Health yes terdu), that each smallpox patient, on De lease from the infected hospital, should be required to spend a period of four daj s within the quarantine grounds, and other patients two daya, during which time the) are to have numerous butha in water con- taining a certain proportion of Cond) 'a fluid, while their clothing is to be thoroughly fumigated At the c\piration of the proba- tionary period they will bo allowed to leave the quurnntmc station, and join their friends in diffeient purts of the colon). Hie great heat of the pnat five dnya has largely increased the consumption of water, and Beterely taxed tho resources of the Yan Yean branch During the cool weather recently experienced somo 27,000,000 gallons of vvnter were stored in the service reservoirs at Brenton, Esaendou, Caulfield, and Kew, and of this reseño 22 000,000 gallons hnvo been used to supplement the direct auppl) from the Ynn Yean, which is at the rate of 20 000,000 gallons daily The consumption of water during the week has therefore been nt the rnto ot 24,1)00 000 gallons dall), mid unlcBs a change soon takes place the atorado reservoirs will become entirel) exhausted, ni which case the supply ia certain to fall considerably short of the demand, and the more elevated districts, which are the first to suffer from a dehcienc), will, nt boa t.beuiinblc to count upon more than an occaaional supply to enable householders to fill their tanks, &r;>. A downpour of rain, which would stop the irrigation of gardens, .Ne , or a spell ol cool weather, would enable the olhcers of the Yan Yean branch to augment tho reserves in storage reservoirs, but the Government astronomer holds out no promise ot such a desirable alteration in the tt eather, his forecast indi- cating a continuance of the present state of affairs It ia therefore probable thnt the Btorago rcsert ona will Boon bo emptied, and tliQ daily supply of water reduced to 20,000,000 gallons. On the hottest day last month the consumption waa no less than 27,000,000 gallons. 'lue superintending engi- neer of water supply (Mr. Davidaon) will do all that is possible with the means at his dis- posal to secure a supply for each district during some put of each daj The ex- haustion of the Preston reservoir will make Itichmond, Collingwood, and Fitzroy depen- dent upon the Melbourne city mains, and a reduced pressure within the metropolis may, in that case, be expected. Toorak and Caul- field will be supplied bj the high level main direct each evening, and during the day the same main will be laid under tribute for the Bupply ot districts on the north side of the Yurru. Iho Victorian Municipal Ducclorg and Gazetteer for 1887 has been issued by the publishers, Messrs. Arnall and Jackson, it affords interesting indications of the growth ot mumeipal institutions in the colony. According to the latest statistics, 98-1,456 persona (excluding the occupants of gaols, hospitals, and asylums) have been brought under municipal government, and these con tributed a revenue last year ot £l,dl3,6S0, or £1,000,000, deducting the subsidies granted bj the general Government The number of cities, towns, and boroughs ia now 59, and of ehircs 12r>, whilst legislation on water supply of late years bas called into existence 31 water trusts and G irrigation trusts The net annual value of the land of the various municipalities is now estimated at £0,5S9,301 The Government statist, in his last quarterly abstract, showing the apparent population of Victoria, questions the trust- worthiness of the figures hitherto accepted as to the relative populations of Victoria and New South Wales at the end of last j ear. The population of Victoria was then estimated to be 1,031,075, and that of New South Wales 1,030,702. Mr. Hajter points out, however, that in conse- quence of unrecorded departures by Bea in all the Australasian colonies, tho frequency of which has often been alluded to by the Government statist of Victoria, it is almost certain that the population esti- mates of both Victoria and New South Wales overstate the truth, and it ia possible that the actual population scarcely jet ex- ceeds a million in either colony. A short time since the Government statistician of New South AV ales calculated that the population of his colony at the end of 1885 had been overstated by 22,60», and reduced the total accordingly. 'Hie registrar general of New South Wales, how- ever, in bia present estimate, has ignored this calculation, and has reverted to the old figures as a starting point No account ia or can be taken in either colony of the migra- tion of the population overland, and the population estimates are based upon tbe assumption that the numbera going from and coming to each colony over ita borders are equal As regarda the Victorian estimate, it is stated that the ligures of births and deaths during 1886, and consequently those of popu- lation, will probably be slightly altered when the returns of the deputy regiatrars are finally examined. At a meeting of the Board for the Protec- tion of Aborigines held yesterday, the pro- posal to hold a gathering of the aborigines at some convenient situation near the Gipps lund Lakes, in order to enable His Lx cellency the Governor to witness a corro boree and exhibition of other native sports and customs, was further considered Letters on the subject were received from Mr. A W Howitt, P M , and the Itev T A. Hagenauer, superintendent of the Ramah- yuck station, together with an intimation that Hia Lxcellency, though desirous of witnessing a gathering ot the aborigines, would not presa the matter m view of the objections of the board to such an assemblage, 'the board base their objections on the very strong representations made by the Rev r A Hagenauer, after long experience among the aborigines as to the evil effects of permittinp thom to leave the sta- tions and assemble in largo numbers under conditions incompatible with n proper con- trol of them Dr Morrison and Mr William Macredie have been requested bj the board to wait upon His Excellency, lay before lum the reports which the board baa received, and ascertain whether His Excellency's views can be met without the ill eflecta which Mr Hagenauer apprehends The Postmaster General denieB that there is anj probability of the acceptance offenders tor the new ocean mail serv ice being deterred until the meeting of the Imperial Conference in London He points out that the question only affects several of the Australian colonies, and that as New South Wales, Victoria, ajid South Australia are agieed as to the terms on which the service, shall be established, nothing will be gamed by delaying the matter until the Imperial Conference can have de liberated upon it Tho Commissioner of Trade and Customs has received a report from the landing waiters concerned in the seizure of jewelry on the steamer Potosi alter her arrival from London last week The facts aro that a passenger was observed to be walking off the vesael carrying a hand bag The officers seized the bag, which waa searched, and found to contain £70 worth of jewelry Mr Walker states that had theoflicer waited until the owner of the jewelry had reached the wharf, he could have forfeited the gooda. Aa they had not been taken from the ship actual smuggling bad not been committed, and he has no option but to return them to the owner and accept the amount of the duty, which waa ottered immediately the articles were detnincd The Railway Commissioners will next week continue their tour of inspection on the vanoua linea of the colony lhey will leave Melbourne at 8 35 a m on thelGth inst, and travel to Ballan i ia lialhfrat, returning to the latter place in the evening The next morn- ing they will go to Scarsdale Junction, Ararat, and Casterton, examining all stations enroule Onlriday they will be conveyed from Casterton to Portland, and will return in the evening of the same day to Ballarat Melbourne will be reached at noon on Saturdaj 'Ino Railway Commissioners have issued instructions that applications shall be in \itcd irom candidates who desire to submit themselves at the eighth examination of persons wishing to be employed by the de partaient. The services of persona aro re- quired na follows - Engineer in chief s branch - 1 lithographic draughtsman, 2 lithographic printers 2 atudenta for cngi neenng Ln/iueerof Existing Lines' branch 30 permanent way repairers Traflic brunch 70 men as porters, nomtsmen, or shunters , 20 labourers, 20 carnage cleanera, 12jouths for block signal boxea Locomotive branch 8 engine fitters, 1 ordinary litter, 1 brass moulder, 5 waggon builders, 2 painters, 2 turners for enginework, i.e., ¿>3 engine cleaners, 27 ordmarj labourers, 2 np prentices to engine fitting, 1 youth to assist greasers, and 3.) junior clerks. Applications will be re-eived until noon on March 1, alter which aate candidates who Bhall have been successful in the ballot for examination will be communicated with by the department. Applicants aro wnrned that they must forward full particulars of age and height, otherwise their nomination papers will bo rejected An application was yesterday made to the Railway Commissioners by Mr Robettson, proprietor of the Wandong sow mills, that blue gum sleepers should be permitted to be used in the construction of the railway from Wandong to Kilmore 'Hie commissioners stated that if the contractors for the line submitted a list of rates at wlitcn they would be prepared to U3e blue gum sleepers, the re quest should have due consideration 'Hie general trafile manager of the rail wajs yesterday received a telegram from tho stutionmaster at Burrumbeet, on the South Australian Intercolonial Railwaj, stating that a first-class passenger in one of the compartmenta of the ordinary carriages of '1 hursdnj s expresa train had insulted two ladies who were travel- ling with him, while the tram was proceeding between Windermere and Bur- rumbeet 'the outcry made by the ladies attracted the attention of a gentleman who was u passenger in another part of the train.and at great pomonal risk he made his way along the footboard to the compartment contain- ing the IndicB. He there secured the offender, and informed the guard of his conduct. The man was placed in the guards van at Burrumbeet, and was subsequently taken on to Beaufort, where the facts of the case were reported to the oliieer m charge of the station A deputation representing "The Great Coal Syndicate of Victoria, ' introduced by Mr Henry Gore, M L.C, waited upon the Beere tary for mines and water supply, in the absence of the Miniater of Mines, yesterday lhe deputation asked that a diamond drill might be sent to bore for co ii at Mirboo North, about midway between the two out- crops of coal proved respectively at Boolara and on Mr W Scarlett s property at Mardan It was stated thot a strong and influential syndicate was in procesB of formation, and it was desired that no time Bhould be lost in commencing operations with a view to testing the extension of the coal seams beneath the Crown landa occupied by the syndicate under searching license, and in a locality where, owing to ita proximity to the railway line, any discovery could be made immediately available 'lhe secretary said he would bring the matter under the notice of the Minister for favourable consideration, and he had no doubt that a diamond drill would shortly be disengaged, and despatched to the district. The choice of site would, however, be subject to the inspection and approval of the geological surveyor Mr J Summers, inspector ot singing and music in state schools, is about to take a trip to England, having obtained the necessary leave ot absence He will sail by the Orient mail Bteamer Chimborazo, which leaves Mel bourne on Triday next Although his journey ia being undertaken for private business, Mr Summers has been commissioner! by the Minister of Education to visit a number of the bourd Bchools in London and other chief centres of population in England, with a view to compare the methods of teaching adopted in England with the system in voc,ue m tho state schools of the colony On his return to Victoria Mr Summers will furnish a re poit to the Minister of Education, who hna given him letters to the education authorities at home, requesting them to aûord the necea sury facilities. Mr Summers hopes to be back in Melbourne before the end of Julj._ lhe inspector of mines in the Ballarat diatrict recently reported to tile Mines depart ment, in connection with a recent explosion of fireworks at the 1 astern Oval, on the occasion of a pyrotechnie display in aid of the Ballarat City Tiro Brigade, that the fire works were made by Mr Samuel M Kelly, of 49 Muir street, Ballarat, in violation of the explosives Act, the premises not being licensed for the manu facture of explosives. Mr Kelly informed the inspector that any chemist would make up the materials for the manufacture of fire works, and there appeared to bo a general opinion that this class of explosives did not come within the meaning of the act. The report was referred to Mr Cosmo Newbery, in- spector of explosives, who has written a minute on it as follows -" I find that there is a very general opinion that an) one may make up mixtures tor pyrotechnic displays and that a large part if not all, the coloured fires used in the theatres ure made in unlicensed pre mises I think that these manufacturers should be warned through the press. It is intended to institute legal proceedings against any person violating the Lxploaives Act in this manner in future The frequenc) with which heav) foga have occurred at Cliffy Island since September 1 has compelled the lighthouse keeper stationed there to explode an unusually large number ot rocl eta as warnings to passing vessels. Hie engineer of ports and harbours, Mr A Wilson, estimates that at least four times as many rockets have been exploded since that date at Cliffy Island as at any other station on the Victorian coast lhe vigilance of the lighthouse keepera m this respect lina met with due recognition at the hands of masters of ships man) of whom have written to the Commissioner of Irnde and Customs, concratulating lum upon the mil which he has tims afforded them m navigating their crafts past a dangerous island It ia feared however, that the supply ot rockets at Cliffy Islnntl may run Bliort, and pending the arrival of a supply from Great Britain, it ia intended that a 241b fiowitver gun shall be fired at brief intervals during the con tinunnce of a fog Hie gun, with a supply of powder, was Bent to the island yesterday, in the steamer Lady Loch Professor lyndall, who ia the recognised authority on matters relating to maritime signals, states that the report from a howitzer ia equal to that ol a first class signalling nppnratus The trustees ot Albert park have, at the instance of tho Lands department, given notice to the cricket and tennis clubs who are in occupation of grounds within the park, that they will be required to givo up posses sion of them at the end of the present month, objections having been raised to the clubs monopolising any portion of the park lands as they were originally reserved for the purposes of public recreation An examination of candidates for certifi catea as mining enginednvers was held on the 9th inst at Walhalla. Twelve candidates attended The examiners have granted one first claas and five second class certificates of competency, and two second claaa certificates of Bervice Tour candidates parti) examined will be required to attend the next half yearly examination Yesterday afternoon the launch of the largest dredger that has yet been built for the Melbourne Harbour Irust took place, on the Saltwater River at Footscray, from the )nrds of Messrs Forman and Co lhere vtaa no formal ceremony in the ordinary sense of the term, but a large gathering, numbering some 3 000 persons, witnessed the launch lhe new dredger will raise SOO tons of silt per hour from any depth up to 371k, and her lour hoppers havo a carrying capacity of 1200 tons 1 he contract price was £17,700 lhe vcBsel ia driven by two pairs of com pound surface condensing engines, which are capable of propelling her, when loaded, at the rate of bj knots an hour, and there are also two auxiliary steam en"ines, which can be brought into use in the event ot a breakdown Hie dimensions of the vessel are -Length, 2301t., breadth, loft, depth amidships, lb it. Inn, length ot bucket ¡aider, 83ft I ho dredger has two circular boilers, two steam winches two capstans a steam pump, a travelling crane and all the requisite gear of a full) oppomted dredge Hie best Lowmoor and b aflord shire iron has been used in the construction of the new dredger which will constitute au important adjunct to the appliances at the disposal ot the Public Works department 1 he correspondence wlncn has appeared in The Argus ot the past few days regarding the sale of the ' St Kilda Bluff Estate, has attracted an amount of attention not generally attached to ordinary auctions of land 1 or the past 30 years the block adver tised to be sold to day lids been regarded and used by the public as a reserve for picnic and recreative purposes. lhere lias been norn terference on the part ot the alleged owner during that time, tho land has remained unfenced, nor has there been the slightest indication that it was other than Crown property. It is claimed b) the trustees in the estate of the vendor that the land was sold m 1853, and that rates havo been paid to the St Kilda Council for man) )ears lhe announcement of the snle lins caused so much surprise that general suggeations have been made for the purposeof securing whatwas believed to be a Crown reserve to the public in perpetuity I he graves of the earl) pioneers, who were buried at Point Ormond, are situated about 12 chains from Bomo of the frontages to be offered for sale At a meeting of the representatives of the merchants and the banks, held on 1 huraday, the following proposals were unanimously agreed to, viz.-"1 Hie representatives ti! the merchants propose that they shall unite with the banks in making further repre sentationa to the Government with the view of obtaining such an amendment of the Stamp Act as will meet the difficulty raised by the banl s 2 'Hint in the mean time the merchants and the banka shall co operate in making the use of impressed stamps OB general as possible, it being left to the discretion of the banks to deal with bills bearing adhesive Btampa if they should see fit m nny particular case ' lhe council of the University of Melbourne will on Monday next, proceed to the appoint- ment of persons to hold the following ofilcea -1 Lecturer on materia medica, medical botany, and elementary therapeutics 2. Demonstrator of nnutomj. 3 Lxanuner in descriptive and surgical anatomy 4 Examiner in the principles of legislation, for the degree of LL.D Candidates muat for ward their npphcationa (accompanied with testimoníala) to the registrar not later than Wednesday, the lüth February. At the meeting of the administrative coan eil of the Sandhurst School of Mines, held on 'lhursdaj night (saja our Sandhurst corre pondent), several committeemen complained that Mr Bosisto had neglected the mining industry when recently in Great Britain in connection with the Colonial and Indian exhibition A resolution was carried asking Mr Bosisto what he hid done with the cubes and pamphleta issued by the School of Mines for use at the exhibition It was further complained that Mr BoBisto had not referred to the mining industry at all in his speech at the banquet on Ina return At the same meeting a complaint against Mr Brough Smyth (the director) waa partly in vestigated and adjourned. Hie complainant isa youth named Lawry, formerly employed in the School of Minea, and who accuses Mr Smyth of uaing uncomplimentary language to him, to the effect that he waa lowly bom, had not been well educated, i.e. Mr Smyth denies using the words attributed to bim. The tenth intercolonial cricket match Victoria v South Australia, waa commenced yesterday on the Melbourno ground m the presence of a Yery few spectators. The Vic torians who were not represented by their full strength, won the toss, and elected to bat, but only succeeded in putting together l18 runB in their first nininga. M Shane waa the highest scorer with a vigorous innings of SO the wicketa mostly fell to G Giffen, who got eight for 81. Aa a whole, the batting of the Victorians was a feeble exhibí tion considering that they had a run getting wicket The visitors, by the call ol time, bad obtained 98 for the loss of four wickets, towards which G Giffen and Jarvis contri buted only 8, BO that the Victorians were fortunate in getting rid of them so easily Lyons and Knill, who were both sent back owing to the taking ot difficult chancea, and who batted in a free and daah mg style, made 24 each, arid Godfrey, who also maintained the reputation of the team, had 34 to Ina credit not out Worral! and Morris were the most successful bowlers for the Victorians It was noticeable that ull the South Australians were caught out '1 he game, aa will be seen, has reached an interesting stage, but it ia m favour of the South Australiana, who have several first class batsmen still to go in. Play will be re aumed at noon to day lue Commissioner of Trndo and diatoms has directed that the term " wickerware ' shall apply to all the varioua materials generally woven, such na osiers, withes, palm leaf, rushes, Le Mr Walker has also decided that perambulator wheels and axles, when imported without perambulators shall be admitted if made of " wood, as wooden ware, wrought iron, aa manufacture of metala , and axles, aa axles " 'I he complaints made against the rough manner in which luggage has been inspected by Customs officers has led to the issuo of the following notice by the Commissioner of Trade and Customs -"Officers of this de partmentare required to give every facility, consistent with the due protection of the revenue, for the prompt clearing of goods and the delivery thereof Parties having com plaints of undue or unnecessary detention may make the «amo in writing to the collector of Customs, when the matter will be investi- gated Six cases of typhoid fever, three of which had terminated fatally, were reported to the Central Board of Health yesterday They were distributed as follows -Manner's Reef, neir Maryborough, 1 (fatal), Kevington (Howqua) shire, 1, Korjuga, near Echuca, 1 (fatal), Clifton hill, from Collingwood, 1, Fast Melbourne, 1, Ballarat East, 1 (fatal). Telegrams were jesterdav received by the Hallway Commissioners irom the Btation ofiictal3 at Ballarat stating that the contents of two trucks, forming portion of the 12 5 pm goods tram running from Geelong to Ballarat, had caught lire One of the vehicles laden with ha) waa totally deatro) ed, the second one, containing consignments of ordinary goods being partially burnt lhe trucks were next to the engine, and after being uncoupled were taken to Ballarat, where efforts were successfully made by the local lire bn"ade to extinguish the llames, A meeting uf the members of the bar was held ¡esterdny afternoon, to consider a letter from the Chief Justice, inviting suggestions as to amendments of the rules ot procedure under the Judicature Act Mr J W Jtogers, Q C , waa voted to the chair It was resolved that the bar committee ahould recen e surges tiona from barristers as to the alterations in the judicature rules, and that the proposed alterations should be submitted to a meeting to be subsequently convened An application was made >ester«1 ay to the Supreme Court for a mandamus to compel the local board of health at Collingwood to register a )ard and the building and premises at the corner of Victoria and Wellington streets as a marine store under the Health Act No 7S2 Hie application waa made on behalf of Thomaa Itusaell and John M'Lacnlan, who claimed to be entitled to be registered as owners or occupiers ot the pre misea The premises had formerly been registered in the name of C H Evans In May of last ) ear I v ana ceuaed to carry on tho business of a m irine store keeper, but in November, 188G, he translerred Ins interest in the place to Bussell and M'Lachlan, and the) carried on business till January of this year, when the) applied that the pro mtsea should be again licensed The Beere tary of the local board of health refused to regist«r them for this year, on the ground that they had not been approved by that body as persons who ought to re ceive a license for the premises. Hie Court held that the matter was within the dis cretion of the local board, and that until the applicants had received the approval of the local board the) could not be registered for the premises. Hie application waa there fore refused A conference of members of the Victorian Alliance was held laat night in the Icmper ance hall, Mr J Munro, M L A , presiding and nbout 150 persons being present It waa atated that the Hev D V N Lucas, of Canada, had been invited to come out to Victoria for a lecturing tour and a resolution expressing gratification at the arrangements made for Mr Lucas 3 tour waa paased A committee was appointed to net m conjunction with the Alliance for all purposes in connectirn with the visit of Mr Lucas A resolution waa paased in favour of certain amendments being made in the Licensing Act and it waa determined to impress on temperance or gamsations and supporters of local option the necessit) of earnest and united action in the education of public opinion and m bruie,, mg their views before their Parliamentary representatives A farewell social gathering in honour of Mr J W Meaden, well known as the author of Bey eral prize compositions, and as a prominent advocate of local option, was held last evening at the Victoria Collée Palace Mr W M K Vale presided, and the company numbered about bO Speeches eulogistic of Mr Mcaden's services to the cause of temperance were de livered by the chairman, Mr J Munro, MEA, Mr J Mirams and several other gentlemen Hie toast of Mr Meaden s health was proposed and suitably acl nowledged, and the company joined m wishing lum a prosperous voyage to the home countr), and a eafe and speedy return. During the proceedings an address, hand- somely illuminated nnd bound wna rend by Mr John Vale, secretary of the Victonnn Alliance, and preaäited to the guest of the evening by the chairman Mr Dalwa) late president of the Irish Temperance I eaguc and a member of the House of Commons for some years, proposed the toast of " Hie Par liament of Victoria, which was responded to by Mr Munro, M L A Mr Mirams ex pressed the hope that Mr Meaden would take advantage of b13 hohdaj to proclaim the doctrine of protection in free-trade Eng- land « Between 11 and 12 o'clock last night, a fire occurred in a four roomed weatherboard cottage, in Hoddle atreet, Collingwood, oc- cupied by Mr. Bowsett. The house was destroyed and some damage done to the two adjoining houses. Ihe Yorkshire Brewery, Simpson'B-road, and other local brigades attended. The furniture of Mr. Bowsett is insured. The meeting in reference to the proposed consumptive hospital, at which His Excel- lency haa intimated that he will be present and mov e the first resolution, ia fixed to take place at the Town-hall on Tuesday, March S. The annual conference of the Australian Natives' Aasociatton will be held nt Ballarat on the 10th and 17th mat Fifty Victorian branches will send nearly 100representatives, of whom 28 will be from the Melbourne dis trict The business sheet ia lengthy. Great trouble baa been taken by the branches of the Ballarat group to suitably entertain their visi- tara, and the chief public events will be a baiiauet in the Alfred hall on the 10th inst, and a picnic at Lal Lal on the 18th. The de- monstration assumes larger proportions year by year, and the members of the association now number between 4,000 and 5,000. Ihe Melbourne General Sesaions were con tinued in the Central Criminal Court yester- day, before bia Honour Judge Cope, Mr. R. Walsh prosecuting for the Crown. Annie Flowers and Annie Williams, two young women of low character, were tried on the charge of robbing Dr E J Wilson, of Rich- mond, of a purse containing about £4 in money. Mr. Lewi3 defended the prisoner 1< lowers. 1 he e\ idence was to the elfect that Dr Wi'son, who ia very aged and feeble, was proceeding along Little Collins street about 12 o'clock on the night of the 18th De- cember last, when he waa knocked down, near the Colonial Bank, by the prisoners, who stolo Ina purse A private watchman named Burnham was, however, near at the time, and heard the doctor call out "Police."' The two women then came running towards where Burnham waa, and he seized Flowers She threw away the purse, and Wilbania waa caught before ahe had run far away. The prisoners were found guilty. Flowers, against whom there were two previous convictions, waa aentenced to l8 raontha' imprisonment, nnd Willinma to 12 months. Richard Davey, a young man, was tried on the charge of embezzling from his employer three suma of money, Es lid , 10s Id , and 18a respectively. The prisoner was employed by Mr. Albert Hyland, of Hawthorn, butcher, and collected the moneys mentioned from customers, and failed to pay them over to Mr. Hj land. He waa found guilty, and sentenced to l8 months' imprisonment The Court then adjourned until this morning. At a time when the examiners, Mesara. Plumpton, Herz, and David Lee, ara pre- paring to award the prize-the Clarke Scholarship-at the Rojal College of Music in London to the successful Victorian com- petitor, it ia interesting to Bee from the bin opaline I lening i\evn of the 22nd of last December, that th» first winner of the award -Miss Ada Bloxham-13 spoken ot in very handsome terms on her vocal perform- ances at a concert m the ¡shrewsbury Music hall in aid of the poor of that locality. Tina, we believe, waa the first apnearance of Miss Bloxham outside the Royal College in a pro- fessional capacity. We learn that Sir William Clarke, at the instance ot Sir George Grove, left with that gentleman the sum of £50, in order that Miss Bloxham might have the benefit of two final courses m the Royal College of Music, for which she waa other wise unprovided, and which would see her through the entire s> stem of musical educa- tion provided by the Royal College tor ita pupila Misa Bloxham proposes to return to Melbourne next December. Mr8 Wooldridge, the well known actress, diea last evening nt Hawthorn after a dis tresamg illness of five weeks, although lor some time past her health had been delicate Mrs Wooldridge waa a nntivo of West minster, and waa bom on the 4th of Decem her, 181'). She commenced her career on the Loudon stage when only live years of age, and waa originally intended for a dan sense, being trained for this branch of Bti^e art, under a celebrated professor of the period After a metropolitan expenence,',principally at the old Adelphi, she took a provincial engagement, and travelled all through the United Kingdom, playing leading parta for several j ears. She wus married in 1842, and came out to Australia in 1S53. Her first experience ni this colony was on the gold fields, and at Ballarat (in the old Charlie Napier Theatre), Bendigo-now Sandhurst Maryborough,and other mining centres, she was nn acknowledged favourite. Her first en gagement in Melbourne was to Mr George Coppin in 18")9, and although Bhe baa visited at various tunes all the other colonies, Mel- bourne has been her regular abiding place Her line had for many jeara been the "old woman," and she has plujed a great many parts in thi3 specialty, supporting Mr. Barry Sullivan, Mr. Charles Kean, Mr. Walter Montgomerj, Mr Charles Mathews, Mr. Joseph Jefferson, Madame Celeste, and many other leading actors. In the days when the older comedies were stock pieces, her Mrs. Candour, Mrs Malaprop, Widow Green, Lady Sowerby Creamley, and a host of others were recognised institutions of the stage. In the Shakespearian drama, such parta aa the Nurae in " Romeo and Juliet," Miatress Quickly in "Henry IV.," and "Henry V.," Queen Margaret in "Richard III," Audrey in "As You Like it," Volura ma in "Julius CTSiir," and Paulina in "Winter's Tale," were familiar representa- tions, In some of the later plajs and in the old farcca she waa full of humour. Tor her Mrs Mould, for example, m " Not Such a Fool aa He Looks," she was much complimented by Mr. Charles Mathews. Of late years, in consequence of her Buffering from serious heart disease, her appearances have been less frequent,and she has occasion all) occupied herself in training young persona who proposed to make the stage their voca- tion. Mra Wooldridge was a general favourite with all the members of her pro ftssion, and in private she waa greatly liked for her bright, kindly disposition. Hie funeral will take place to dus, m the Mel- bourne General Cemetery. In our advertisement columns tina morn- ing will be lound the programme of the complimentary concert to Mr. David Leo, city organist, prior to bia departure for Europe on account of ill-health The enter tainment will take place in the Town-hall on Saturday evening, the 10th inst All the artists hnve generously offered their services gratuitously for the occasion. The next concert of the Metropolitan Liedertafel will bo given in the Alexandra 'theatre. Hie committee desired to give tb« concert, as usual, in the Town hall, but, on making application, they were informed by the Public Works Committee that owing to the decorations now in progress, the hall was not available for letting In this dilhculty the committee sought the good oflices of Mr Martin Simonsen, and it was decided to close the opera on Monday evening, the 21st inst, and in its stead to enable the society to give its subscription concert The services of the leading artists of the opera company will be engaged An important change will be introduced at this concert in the marking off of seats 1 he plan of the seats will be opened at the Athenoum next Wednesdaj afternoon. Hie plana of the various pomona of the house will be placed on separate tables, BO as to cause as little delny as possible. 'J he honorary secretary will bo in attendance nt Allan and Co 'a from 11 till a quarter to 1 0 clock tina morning, and from n quarter past i to 0 o'clock on Monday and Tuesdaj afternoons, to issue extra ticketa The second production last night, at the Alexandra Theatre.of Pnnchielh'a " Promeasi Spoai" waa intended by a much larger audience than might have been expected, considering the heat of the weather. Signor Huzon baa given confidence to bia people on the stage by showing them that Ins own minti is fully informed, and that they may rely on him to conduct them safely through all the musical evolu- tions which give point to the work ot the composer, and all who are concerned in this production deserve well of the audience. 1 he chorus eingers are to be specially com- mended for intelligence and docility. Three months ago tbfey were without organisation, and by this time they are acquiring their parts in a valuable repertory of old and new operas quickly and correctly , and in tina connection as chôma maater, the name of Mr Harcourt Lee ia to be mentioned with approval "I Promessi Sposi" will be re peated to night. Owing to the intense heat of tho weather, which prevented many ticket holders from being present, Mr B Hoares dramatic recital of Macbeth, which waa to have been given m the Athen-cum hall laat even ing, waa postponed until next Triday even ing " Siberia, ' being the only drama at present on the stai,o in Melbourne, has naturally gained a largo measure of patronage at the Theatre Royal, Mr George Bignold and Mi83 Kate Bishop being highly popular with a large section of the Melbourne public. "Siberia ia to bo pla)ed each evening until it gives place to Shakspeare'a "iempest which ia in preparation "Little Jack Sheppard enters on the eighth week of ita production at Her Ma jeaty a Opera house to night A burlesque pf ' The Torty Thieves ' is in preparation Miss Robina, Mr E. W Royce, Mr Wm Wurde and Mr Robert Brough have made " Little Jack Sheppard ' one of the moat popular entertnnunenta that have been wit nesacd in Melbourne for Bome time past It is to be repeated each evening until further notice Hie Royal Comic Opera Company baa drawn fairly good houses to the Princess's Theatre where the novel arrangement lor securing thorough ventilation has been greatly appreciated during the oppressive heat of the present week The nautical comic opera "Billee la)lor and "Charity Begins at nome' are still being presented, and the performances of Misa Alice Barnett, Mr Wm Llton, Miss Ida Osborne, and other members of the company evoke frequent and cordial approval Mr Phil Day is amusing large houses nightly at the Bijou Theatre by his laughable representation of Bosco Blithers in the far cical comedy " Mixed ' Ho will appear for the last time m that character during the present season on 1 nday next, Mr Grattan Riggs, the Irish comedian, being announced to appear on Saturday the 19th mat, m "The Irish Detective Mr Trank M Clark's Company after an extraordinary run of success at the Victoria hall, will bo reinforced by the I oust family to night, when an entirely new programmo is to be presented. The following interesting programme will be performed by Mr. Julius Siede s orchestra at the Continental Concert in the Zoological gardens this afternoon, commencing at 3 o'clock -1, "Teuiels March' (by request), Suppo, 2 waltz, ' Stones of Vienna " Strauss, 3, seleítion "Behsano, ' Donizetti, 4, overture, "Hie Queen of Yvetot" Adam, 5 hutnoreske, "Husareuritt" (charge of Hussars), Spindler, G selection "Kemi niacences of Bellin!, 7, waltz "Bid Me Good Bye ' Crowe 8, galop, "Hie Posthorn,' Harper, " God Save the Queen ' For the case of Mrs Groves we have re ceived from " T W E B 2s (id m alamos A presentation of avery handsome Wedg wood dinner aervico waa made to Dr. J B Backhouse, of the Alfred Eos pital, )esterda), by the matron and nurses of that institution, on the occa sion of Ina retirement from the office of resident Burgeon I he patienta of the doctor a special surgical ward alaopreaented him with three beautiful vasea aa a mark of their appreciation ot the doctor a care, attention, and kindness Hie Rev E T Miles will preach his fare well sermona to morrow, in the Weat Mel bourne Independent Church Harvest thunl agi ving services will beheld to morrow in St Puul a Pro cathedral The Rev Dr Bromby ia announced to preach a special sermon in the evening lhe choir will render the usual choral service, the anthem being Dr Stainers "Ye Shall Dwell in the Land composed for a similar occa- sion nt St PmlaCithedrnl London A nieetinc, ot the Vustrnhan Artiata Asao ciatiun committee vv aa held at Mr Paterson s studio, at which it waa decided to fix the day for sending ni pictures for the coming cxhi bition for saturdu) the 2bth 1 he report of the catalogue committee waa accepted, and instructions lasui d to push on with the work aa soon as possible Members of the Australian Artista* Aaao ciation are notihcd that 1 ebruury 2d is the date on which their picturea for exhibition should be sent lu to the gallery at Buxton a, Swanston street A mieting of the property owners and resi dents of Heidelberg and district is to be held in the Heidelberg hall on Wednesdayevening, with n v lew to the formation oí a local branch of the North Suburban Direct Railway League A varied programme has been provided for this evenings Peoples Concert, in the lem perance hall, Russell street An open mr meeting for the ndvocacy of the principles of total abstinence will be held on the Queen s whan to morrow afternoon, at "i o clack 1 he excursion steamer Lonsdale returned to Port Melbourne jesterdny aiternoon, having landed her pusaoneers at Geelong about 7am She will be docked for exami nation of her hull this morning, and is an nounced to make n trip round the bay to morrow (Sunday) leaving the Port Melbourne railway pier at 11 a m and proceeding 'via St Kilda Schnapper Point Dromana, and Sorrento to Queenscliff, returning direct to Port Melbourne. The iourlh moonlighttripb) theEayTxcur sion Compan) s pnritlle steamer Ozone is announced in our advertising columns for this evening Hie steamer will leave the pier at halt past 8 p m and will return at about half past 10 Hie trains for tho steamer leave Flinders street at 8 5 and 8 20 p m , and on the return to town nt 10 30 p m A display of fireworks will be git en on bonrd by Messrs C 1 Brock nnd Co A string bnnd, under the conductorship of Herr Wein- berg, will furnish the music 