Late News. The population of New Zealand is now estimated at 635,000, inclusive of 42,000 Maoris. Lady O'Shanassy, widow of the late Sir John O'Shauaasy, of Victoria, died on Wednesday. A woman in South Australia has given birth to triplets. Application was made to the Governor of that colony for the usual bounty. It was refused. Mr. Pulsford has prepared a return which shows that, compared with laBtyear, our imports from January to July have fallen by over two millions and a quarter. A Bill to abolish imprisonment for debt has been introduced into the South Australian Parliament. Last year this colony imported 1,278,613 gallons of spirits, 1,855,022 gallons of wine, and 2,330,476 gallons of beer. Victorian Judges recommend that flog ging be extended to all cases of assault with violence. From a 20 years' study of public opinion in the old country, Lord Brassey thinks a feeling of pride in, and attachment to, the colonies, is growing every year deeper and stronger. Shipping at Newcastle at the present time is very scarce ; it has never been known to be so slack at this time of the year. Another curiouB instance of mistaken identity was made known, the other day, to the Melbourne police authorities. On the 23rd ult. the corpse of a drowned man, found in the river, was positively identified by several persons as Michael Maloney, a driver, who had resided in South Mel bourne, and who bad been employed by Mr. Marley, of Flinders-street, West. On Saturday, from enquiries made by Con stable Davidson, he ascertained that Maloney was alive, and at home laid up with a broken leg. The deceased an elderly man, still remains unidentified. The Fobbes Times warns the public that imitation half-sovereigns are knock ing about. On Sunday morning, 10th instant, at half-past ten, a sister of the Order of "Our Lady of Mercy" in Goulburn breathed her last Thet deceased lady had been ailing for a considerable time, and succumbed to that deadly enemy, consumption, after a struggle of nearly two years. Everything that kindness and skill could dictate, was tried to arrest the malady in its onward course, but on Sun day the gentle spirit of the good sister wafted its way to theGod who gave it. The deceased was only 27. A railway porter named Robertson has been committed for trial at Adelaide for trying to commit a criminal assault, upon a married woman in a railway carriage. The Tasmaniau Ministry have-promised to bring in a bill to deal with the influx of Chinese with which the colony, is threatened. The coming elections in New Zealand are attracting a great amount of attention in the various constituencies, and there appears to be a probability tbat most of the seats will be warmly contested. The Government was earnestly requested by the coroner's jury in connection with the EFawkesbury accident to appoint a commission to enquire into the manage ment of the different branches of the Rail way Department. A largely attended meeting of the Syd ney habitation of the Primrose League was held on Thursday night.. Canon Kemmis read a paper on the life and work of Lord Beaconsfield. A resolution in favour of the Irish Crimes Bill was passed. The Minister for Justice is determined to stamp out publicans leasing the bars of their hotels to girls. The Colonial 1 Treasurer accompanied the Governor to Melbourne. The Cabinet has decided that in• future -at deputations Ministers will hear all •questions, and not give an opinion, but xefer the matter to a majority of the 'Cabinet. Pour clerks of works, in the employ ment of the Ministers of Public Instruc tion, have received notice of dimissai. The services of these officers appear to have been dispensed with because of the necessity for retrenchment, and more eco nomical working for the architects' branch •of the Department. There are in all "twelve clerks of works employed in the Architects' branch of the Education De -partment, but this number will be re duced to eight by dismissal of the officers •enumerated. The Supreme Court refused the applica tion for bail of Borsboom, under a com mittal on a charge of shooting his wife =at the Coffee Palace. While the family of the Hon. James White were at dinner last Wednesday, a robbery of jewellery to the value of one hundred pounds was effected. No cine , •to the robber. A notorious female thief and female ^swindler named Clara Thomas was cap- ! tared at Sydney on Thursday representing herself as the daughter of Judge Dowl ing. The police state that the woman has been going about for the last six years •obtaining goods by false pretences. The ' next day she received 12 months' im- I prisonment. Andrew Kerr, town surveyor of Warr nambool, has been found dead in his •chair at the Council Chambers; He left a letter for his wife on his desk. There is little doubt he committed suicide by •drinking strychnine. In the letter he said ■ ill health was the cause of his desiring to •quit the world. The outbreak of disease among cattle in Wairarapa (N.Z.) district has been proved to be due to the animals eating •ergot of rye. Sis animals have been des troyed. The disease is confined to one paddock, and is not believed to be con tagions. \- A resolution was passed in tbe S. A. Assembly on Tuesday night that a Royal Commission be appointed to enquire into the causes of typhoid fever and the best means for checking it. Garelock sugar plantation, Herbert River, Qd., was offered by public auction -on Tuesday. Only £20,000 was bid; the property was withdrawn. The Board of Enquiry appointed by tbe Commissioner of Railways to investigate the case of the Peat's Ferry railway acci •dent report that the accident arose from sudden failure of the brake power. The failure was not owing either to the insuf ficiency or imperfect condition of the brakes, but to an injudicious use of them by the unfortunate driver, and that tbe air reservoirs of the carriages became ex hausted, in which condition the applica tion of the brake was impossible, -and there was not time enough for the driver Wilson to recharge the reservoirs and to bring them into use before the accident took place. A large number of men on tbe extra staff of the Customs Department received notice that their services would not be re quired after the end of September, the collection of the ad valorem duties ceasing at that time. While searching for outward and visible siguB of a reported ghost, the police at Euddenham, near Penrith, came across a quantity of partially burnt hnman bones. The cost in the Coroner's inquiry into the Peat's Feny railway accident is ex pected to be eleven hundred pounds. Two young girls, Gibson and Parker, walking near Jervis Bay light-house, came to an empty hut, found a gun and began skylarking. The gnn wetat off, killing Miss Parker instantly. A collision occurred in the Yarra be tween the Adelaide steamer Franklin and . the steamtug Pharos, the other day. Tbe latter was sunk. The total number of convictions for drunkenness in the colony during the year was 22,294. At the Toowoomba assizes, the other day, before the Chief Justice, David Wil liams, a coloured man, was found guilty of an indecent assault upon a little girl, and his Honor in sentencing the prisoner stated that if evidence regarding the pri soner's physical weakness, and suffering from severe rhuraatism had not been given, he should certainly have ordered the pri soner to be flogged ; he considered—and he wished it to be known that he con sidered—the lash the only remedy for such offences as that of which the prisoner had been proved guilty, but as flogging in liis present state of weakness might en danger his life or lead to very serious con- j sequences, he would escape the hangman's i lash. Had he been a strong man he j would certainly have been flogged; as it was he would impose a heavier sentence of imprisonment. The sentence of the court was that he should .be imprisoned for two years, with bard labour, in Bris bane gaol. The Grafton Council intends applying to the Government for a special grant of £1000 to find work for the unemployed of the district on the roads. Three larrikins were fined £20 each, the other day, and two others £5 each, at the Geelong police court, for assaulting a constable. Their larrikin associates in 1 court at once subscribed £60, and three of the prisoners were released. ; The Bulli Disaster Commission find that the cause of the disaster was, to all appearance, due to the carelessness, want of skill, and the loose perfunctory manner in which many of the operations in the ynine were performed. Up to the present the retains from the tobacco and beer duties have quite ful filled the anticipations of the Treasurer. An Gff Fiats correspondent writes to the Ttfvwrnmv t-i-Oiir hitherto qniet little neighbourhood hasybeen jthrowri info a state of ^eatexate^ent .through the act of some ruffian who, on San-, day, June 26th, poisoned three valuable dogs, the property of Messrs. D. McArthur and S. F. Tomlinson. Bat on the Thursday following, a still more das tardly act was committed, viz., that of placing poisoned salt in a small paddock, wherein were about 80 sheep, the pro perty of R. and P. O'Reilly. The salt: was carefully laid about in the paddock In i handsful, the poison (strychnine) being j plainly visible in eveiy lot. We gathered j j some, and I would imagine that there is j | poison enough in it to kill several sheep.1 The person or persons who were mean and cowardly enough to commit so horrible an act would, I feel sure, should the oppor tunity occur, lay baits for the owners themselves. The Queen's Fund.—There was such a small attendance of ladies at the meet ing called by the Mayor yesterday after noon, to consider the letter of Lady Car rington about the fnnd for distressed women, that the affair lapsed. The Public Pakk.—We have received a letter from the Hon. Jas. Inglis^ en closing a notification from the Department of Mines of the appointment of the.Muni cipal Council of Armidale as trustees of the Armidale Park. This P^nk was pro claimed a public park withip the meaning of the Public Parks Act in'a-notice in the Gazette of the 31st Mairls&t.; It may be added that the delay in -having the new by-laws gazetted was/cahsed through the Parks within the Municipality not having been proclaimedySnder the Public Parks Act. The newr by-laws contain regula tions regarding these Parks, which would not take eS^eb unless the Parks were pro claimed prior to the gazetting of the by laws. 