Miscellaneous* Peats of Jookeyn.'—Frank Butler re marked, after one of his races for the Derby, that he conld have won on either of the first three horses. I do not know who the other two jockeys that opposed him were, but I can quite understand tho thing being fea Two men had ridden their own homes in a race. After it was over, the winner, who only gained the verdict by a head, said to his opponent,— “Xow, if you like, I will change horses and run for the same amount again, weights and distances as before." This the oilier jumped at, and, after due time, it was run off, when, to his utter as tonishment, the loser of the first race was again beaten, and the losing horse success ful. Many instances are to be read of where jockeys, after winning a race or match, have persuaded some friend or master to buy the horse that was opposed to them and make a match with the winner, in which caso the result has been reversed. Tho " Druid ” records one or two instances in which the Ghifntys accomplished feats of this sort. Of course, ’ sometimes it may happen, from their not considering thc.bcatcu horse quite up to the mark at the time he ran; bat it is recorded also that, in well known cases, they have seen that he has not been so handled a3 to make the most of him. A Curious Custom.—It is well known that in tho olden times many holiday diver sions, and even occasional fairs, wfirc hold within the preoincts of English parish churches. For instance, in tho registers at Winchester there is to be seen a copy of a mandate from William of Wykoham which forbids tho celebration of games in the church and the ohurchyard of Kingston-on-Thames. It would appear, however, that even this strong measure did not prevent the practice of an ancient custom, of which little or no thing is known, except that it is thought to have been peculiar to Kingston, but which was carried on in the church itself dnring divine service down to the beginning of this century. The congregation used to crack nuts daring the service on the Sunday before the eve of St. Miohael’s Day. Hence that Sunday was called “ Crack-nut Sunday." The custom was not restrained nor confined to the younger branches of the congregation, but practised alike .by young and old ; and it is on record that the noise caused by the cracking was often so load and so powerful as to obligo tbo minister to break up for a time his reading or his sermon until silence was restored. The above custom was thought by one or two antiqnnrians to have been connected iii some way or other with the choosing of bailiffs or other members of the corporate body on Michaelmas day, and was the usual feast which attended that proceed ing, “When the Brains are Out ’’—Two re markable and wonderful cases of recovery from bullet wounds’have lately taken place’ in London. In one case, that of a girl who was shot by her lover, the bullet is deeply imbedded in the head, too deep to admit of any operation; yet the patient has been dis charged from tbo hospital, convalescent. The other case was one of attempted suicide, the sufferer having shot himself in the head with' a revolver. In this case, too, the bullet is still in the brain, and, in such a position as to prevent tho operation of extraction. In spite of this, the patient has been discharged from hospital carejand it is said that he suf fers no inconvenience from the consequence of hls-rasbract:—iff-oartous coincidence in connection with these oases is that both shots were fifed on the same d3y, the nineteenth of Jnne, and that both cases were treated in the London Hospital. “ The times have been,” says Shakespeare, “ that when the brains were out, tbe man would die.” The poet puts these words into the mouth of Macbeth, when that wicked' king sees the ghost of the murdered Banquo rise before him. In the ease jnst cited we have a reality whioh no poet could equal in romance. Peoplo walking about in the flesh with bullets in their brains are certainly far more wonderful things than spectres. These marvellous recoveries from what, a few years ago, would have meant certain death, must be credited to surgical skill and the modern antiseptic method of treating wounds. Tragic Use of a Telephone.—if we arc to believe a story told by tbo Belgian corres pondent of the Figaro, the telephone hns re cently boen put upon novel duty in Brussels under circumstances of an extremely tragic character. A young lady of that city mis took, it appears, the civilities of a young man who visited at her parent's house for atten tions of a more serious nature. To her great surprise and mortification, however, she learned some little time ago that he was en gaged to one of her friends. Shortly after she made the discovery the young man re ceived a summons to place himself in tele phonic rapport With a friend who bad some thing to say to him. The friend turned out to be tho young lady who loved him not wisely but, ns the sequel shows, too well. Without wasting time on preliminaries, she asked him point-blank if it was true that lie was going to marry Mademoiselle -r-r— ? He replied that it was quite, true. “ Then good-bye for ever,!’ were the next words which reached his ears, and they were imme diately followed, by the report of a fire arm. The poor girl had lodged a revolver bullet in her heart. She bad thus, with the aid of the telephone, made the man for whom she.had sacrificed herself assist at her suicide, while putting it absolutely out of his power to do do anything to prevent it. ’ A Dream Saves a Dog-STherc was great rejoicing in a Certain household in the town of A—- one morning over the restora tion of a pet dog. The dog had been.miss ing for’three weeks, and even-a th'rce-liue advertisement rathe local papers: failed to discover-bis- wbercabouts. , The owner was . piiinged in grief attheunaoconnlablo disap pearance of Dot, and was nearly .prepared to inspect tbe neighbors of foul play. It also worried the almost life-long employee of the family, and one night his. sleep was troubled by dreams in which he constantly saw the nissingdog in an old, unused cell, partly 311ed up with dirt irad1 ashes, beneath the side piazza. He was so deeply impressed uy the dream that he was unable to sleep ifter midnight, and at six o’clock the next norningtbe household was startled by the lound of loud hammering on the side piazza, Che man was removing the flooring, and, mre enough, when the., well was exposed to riew, there was. the missing-dog, alive and ( well, and overjoyed at the prospect of libera- | ;iori. Although confined three weeks in’ ;liis narrrow prison, without food or water, and air not of the pnrest, Dot seemed is lively as ever,with no appearance of ema nation. A Wonderfol City.—The city ot London , s the most wonderful place in the whole world, and its frequenters the most wonder- t ul people. It is the smallest of cities, but ( he most valuable. It has an area of one r quare mile, bnt that one square mile pro luces a rental of four millions per annum,and t3 inhabitants pay one-seventh _ of the _ ;eneral rates of the whole Metropolis, which n ins an area of one hundred and twenty r qnnre miles. Land is now sometimes 6old h a the country at about; ten pounds per acre, n rhich is equal to a halfpenny per square a aid. It has been sold in the city at six t' undred and forty pounds per square yard, a: n other words, the price af a square yard of 1 rad in Lombard street has realized a sum p hat would purchase a nice little freehold es- d ate in Berkshire of sixty-four acres. It is a: alculatcd that ten thousand people enter lie city daily, Sundays excepted, in hope f< f making monev withont" toiling or spin- t ing.:’ : ° - :5«5. • cl 