OVERLAND EXPEDITION SIR JOHN AND LADY FRANKLIN TO MACQUARIE HARBOUR IN 1842. No. 8. TuuSDAT, APRIL 26Tir.-Dawn was ushered in with moist, gloomy weather. It did not actually rain, but the long dull lines of mist skirting the banks and canopying the hills with pendulous vapoury clouds betrayed the small provocative such consummation required. The hands were turned out at 0.30 a.m.; the boat made fast to her tow, and a calm prevailing, by 6.50 the schooner once more " pro gressed" some two or two and a half miles an hour down the Gordon, the sweet sequestered landscape looming dull and drear in the sunless sky and chill morning air. In an hour and twenty minutes we made fast that Lady Franklin might view the river. At 8'20 the rain tell fast.. At 9 the tow was again in active operation, but at 9'40 it blew so stiffly up channel, giving the vessel steraway,that we were compelled to have recourse to warping, a process !not of long duration for the adverse breeze gradually increased to half a gale, renler ing the convenient projecting bushes once more imperative. At 1180 the boat conveyed Lady Franklin and Mr. Mi~lig'an a little way up the river. It was a wild forenoon and Sir John, Mr. Bagot and I found a book and the fireside much the cosiest berth. Our library was extremely limited, consisting only of "Humphrey's Clock," 2 vols." Every Day Book," one of Sale's Koran, Do Tocquevillo on "Peniten tiaries, "Statistics of Orkney," a number of the Edin. and Quarterly, a few Nos. of the Parisian "Mode," "The Scottish Ohiefs," '!TheOcean,"2 seriesof tales of"TheO'Htara Family," and Arnold's "Rome."At 1:15 the boat returned, at which time it blew a brisk gale with no prospect of moderate weather. Evening set in wild and wintry. The fairy Breeze, although fast head and stern, bobbed up and down upon the angry wavelets. Slow as our progress and irk some as the detention was it was a night more comfortablyspent inside a secure river than passed amid the untamed billows of the rude Pacific, swept by a roaring wind and pouring rain. WEDNEsDAY, 27TH.--Morn, like many preceding Tasmanian mornings, broke calmly serene, but moist; every tiny rill roared with petty fury down the mountain steeps. The Gordon, in heavy fresh swept onwards to the sea at a speed of some two knots an hour. Not a breath stirred leaf or river, and everything favoured our speedy and successful exit and appropch to a channel where we could make sail and turni to windward. At 730 the h head and stern fasts wore cast loose, but we had got jammed amid the boughs and about thirty minutes were occupied in cutting her adrift. At 8 the whale-boat was manned and the schooner floating downwards upon the careering tide, we entered Long Reach at 8'30. It was delightfully clear, but the heavens, like a beautiful woman smiling through tears of angry vexation, yet looked wild and unappeased. At 8"43 set jibs and foresail, the schooner drawing swiftly and placidly through the scaroerumed water. At 9"12 we entered Sea Reach, cranes, ducks, and black swans wildly flying at our approach. The shores of either banks became level, the mountain bases lying further inland, thereby afford ing a seemingly favourable spot for tillage, and causing the landscape to assume a more pictorial and extensive appearance. For the last three days we had been threading an aqueous avenue bound in by hill , and grove. Now the panorama opened out far and wide embracing in its sweep Sarah Island, the penal settlement of Macquarie Harbour-the dreadful and dreaded abode smiling in soft and solitary loveliness. At 9830 took in jibs and fore sail; at 9'45 the schooner had dropped within a mile of the river's mouth, the waters expanding on every side, present ing to view a superb and spacious basin begirt with towering amphitheatrical hills. The channel of the river becomes extremely narrow, shoaling instantly on every hand, a few seconds sufficing to towthe schooner from six fathoms to six feet in which she grounded at 9150. By this time the morn ing's calm was nearly over and the fore noon's head wind gave symptoms of setting in. At 9155 the anchor waslet go and the warp bent to the kedge. At 1080 it had been carried out, so the people knocked off to breakfast. Whilst this important matter was being achieved Sir John, Messrs. Bagot, lMilligan,and I jumped into the boat to have a peep at the imperious scrubs of Macquarie Harbour. We got back by 11, weighed kedge and stream anchor -and prepared to tow clear of the river, an undertakingaccomplished by 1.50. At 2.15 we were under sail on the lar board tack standing N.W. with a heavy squall of rain. At 2'23 Birch's Inlet lay on the larboard and Kelly's Basin abaft the starboard beam. A heavy fall of hail. At 2;30 we brought up about half a mile off Sarah Island, the verdant banks and white cottages peering prettily in the sunny glimpse. The day continued equally and showery throughout. , Tunnsnay, 28Ta. - Like Plymouth, Macquarie Harbour is a locality some what of the moistest, rain being said to fall three days out of four. Morning broke amid squalls of rain and hail, which ever and anon gavy place to vivifying glances of sunahine. Breakfast was later than usual,and it was 11.5Q a.m. ere we de parted to inspect the settlement. Ina few minutes after"noon" we-debarked upon a well formed jetty, taking the bakehouse, the first building we encountered, as'the primary object [to overhaul. It is a sub. stantial edifice of brick, the, inscription stone over the doorway apprising us that it was erected in November, 1828. The dwellings of Mr. Foy, shipwright, Mr. Rae, superintendent of convicts, and Mr. Lempriere, commissary, next came under notice. They are greatly dilapidated, but easily susceptible of repair. The only way we collld force an entrance to Mr, Lempriere's house was at the rear, the frontbeing wholly impracticable in oonoe quence of the luxuriant prominence of that superb creeper, the Macquario Harbour vine. The gaol according toinscription was built in June, 1826; like the bakehouse it is a substantial brick building, com Sprising a good-sized common room, to which six dark, secure, dry, well venti lated cells are attached. It is still in pet fectly occupyable condition. In cell No. 4 a prison artist (J.H. 1821) I has strongly developed the ruliig ) passion In sundry rmimic drop scenqs scratched in the brick work. snldqla;s 5 pictures appear to have been this gentle \- man's forte, for he has sundry such engrav oigs throughout the prison. One gent. has Irecorded his admiration of the Irish agitator by immortalising him in Mac quarie Harbour annals as "Daniel O'Connell, the Man of the People I"- SVeorily fame is a glorious thing !-Tlie Smilitary barracks close to the gaol aso L sadly out of repair; they had middling accommodation for about sixty men. SThe climneys of the plergyman's I dwelling alone remain, the weather Sboarded .cottage having been transported f bodily and converted into the military t oficers' quarters at Port Arthur. Adjoin ing the chaplain's house is the comman . dant'? house, and ofiaoes. Thby com prio:e soeme six or' eight apadrtmlents, r.with kitchen, etc., detached. Thedwell a ing-house has been a very comfortable I abode, but it is now in a very Stottering condition. Tho drawing-rooty has been a very handsome one, with a .circular front placed in a delightful posi tion, commanding a rich and varied land Sscape. Every garden is nearly an impractic Sable wilderness, native and foreign trees 3 and shrubs being interlaced in one inex tricable tangle. The sweet-brier is luxuriant in the extreme, the hips far ex ceeding in size any I ever elsewhero beheld. English grapes, clover, mint, turnips, Scabbages, potatoes, apples, peaches, sweet peas, and many other fruits and vegetables run in rank profusion, but axe so matted e as to be of difflcult attainment and of in fenior flaour from want of oultivrtion. Instead of a barren, accursed spot we found Sarah Island remarkable for beauty and fertility. Leaving the commandant's we sauntered through the gardens of the different officers of the settlement. They are in a hollow towards the north, and had been carefully sheltered from the prevail ing blasts by secure and lofty screens of paling some twenty feet high. In the north and highest part of the island the military cemetery is to be found; within its small enclosure lie the remains of Lieut. Cuthbertson of the 40th., who was drowned in the performance of his duty whilst visiting Grummet Island. A tablet in Hobart Town churchyard bears record of the circumstance. There are headstones here in memory of Corporal Dan M'Carthy and Privates .Wm. Bratton and John M'Kann of the GSrd. Regiment, and an infant child of Patrick Daly, a private of the 3rd. Regiment. M'Carthy was a comrade of O'Boylo's, who spoke of his de parted friend with feeling regret. The convicts were interred on the mainland. Signal Hill lay contiguous; it had formerly been clear all round but now was covered with shrubs. The gardener's cot is situated on a hummock close by. Like Mr. L?mpriereo's dwelling it is one vast mat of the tenacious and charming creeper. Our entrance was effected by downright strength through beds of gigantic mint, vine, and sweet-brior. The signal-man's house is some little distance from Signal Hill, towards the southern extremity of the island. It is a judicious site, commanding an extensive, varied, and magnificent prospect. The cottage is in very good repair. Adjacent lies the hospital, a weather- boarded building containing four very good-sized apartments in tolerable repair. Emulous of immortality, and inspired by the great example of him who had manifested such devoted anxiety for the posthumous fame of irish Daniel; big, I say, with the sublime idea which I greedily sought to appropriate to myself with. imperishable pencil my name, address, and date, were forthwith inscribed upon the ever-during walls of Signal Cot. Alas for glory I Alas for unmingled re nown I My ambitions aim was discovered. My record caught the eagle eye of Lady Franklin. Inspired with malicious jealousy, envying a reputation so undying, her Ladyship not only cruelly and wantonly superadded an X (his mark), but enlisting his Excellency, Messrs. Bagot,and Milligan as accessories to this vile cabal, they actu ally-reward them Momusl-appended their names as witnesses-dishonorable witnesses of theignoble deed. Matchless effrontery I Unheard of barbarity ! The forsaken dock yard, from whose slips many a goodly barque had issued, was next visited, but there was little to be seen except a spacious yard and goodly work-shop, on one of whose beams a chalk record informed us that the Shamrock, cutter, was launched 28th May, and the William the 4th., a 250 ton bark, on the 25th March, 1831. Im mediately behind the dock-yard lie the prisoners' barracks; the chief building is a good substantial one of red freestone, con taiining three long commodious rooms in as many storeys. Over the entrance an artist has graven the royal crown and G.R. with the intimation that April, 1828, was the date of its erection. IA range of low edifices at right angles with the main one served for cook and other offices; the whole are on an elevated point at the S.W. angle of the isle. Taking boat we proceeded to visit Grummet, a miniature and very picturesque islet commanding a glorious expanse of land and water. This islet con tains the remains of a barracks where one hundred of the most daringand intractable felons were nightly housed after the labours of the day. This appears to have been an injudicious measure, and'as there was no military guard and the men were only under the control of convict overseers. The diminutive isle has been celebrated as an Aceldama of the most horrid description. In one case one felon, having quarrelled with his fellow respecting some biscuits, watched his opportunity and buried his axe in his comrade's brains. Another, for some equally important bone of contention, hurled an ill-fated being over the pre cipitous cliff, when he was dashed to pieces. The third and most terrible crime was the murder of an overseer named John Rex. It was the work of nine men-six standing by whilst three hold the struggling victim until he was drowned in two or three feet of water. The 'islet is full of caves, and from one of these the atrocity was beheld by an unseen, trembling spectator. The murderers put to seain a catamaran con structed of a couple of doors, rendered buoyant 'by two empty casks. Darkness favoured their flight, for when morning dawned they had got nearly across to Kelly's Basin; they were, however, dis covered, pursued, captured, condemned, and executed at Hobart Town in 1827 or 1828, One of the onlookers had been servant to a neighbour of mine, and as I had evinced some interest in the unhappy man, he requestedme to witness his disgraceful exit, a wish my compliance with which gratified him much. The day's inspections ended, we embarked and reached the schooner, ere the sun had kissed the western main. Twilight. never in Tasmania of long duration, had become a little more lengthened than in the valley of the Gordon, where the setting of the luminary .of day produced almost in etantaneous darkness. We stripped the settlement of potatoes, cabbages, apples, and mint, and had hastened the course of desertion and decay by plundering the lone and ricketty edifices of all sorts of their timber available for fuel. It is rare in the civilised world to behold a deserted village, and,. poetically treated, it affords.a fertile theme for speculative contemplation. Here was a once busy, stirring port fast return ing to primaoval 'loneliness--man and his creations- mouldering to unmarked and rapid decay; who then could gaze upon abandoned Sarah Island without evoking a train of melancholy reflections?' who could regard its solitary workshops without con juring'the ghosts of sorrow, sin,and crime ? And .yet Grommet Islet, with its striking cottage on the cliff, looked far more like an gichorite's retreat than the miserable seat of blood and death. FRIDAY 29Tirr.-One month since the com mencement of this diary, circumstances re- quiring that many days should be consumed in the work of few; foulweather,flooded rivers, and adverse winds barring the pro- gress of our onward course. Total change of diet had its effect upon most of the party, and during the past night I suffered greatly from indigestion which rendered me sleepless, feverish, and nervous. Morn- ing set in with thick incessant rain, and an atosphere of dense opaqueness, not a spot of blue discoverable, and nqt the remotest prospect of change. The wind, too, was dead foul, and with four miles of interven- ing flats with a very narrow fair-way, to put to sea was impracticable. Our prospects were disconsolate enough, cooped in a small craft with barely room to move, with seven teen mouths to feed, and with a circum- scribed and rapidly diminishing ration, our departure from Macquarie Harbour had become an event of anxious solicitude. My own feelings verged upon the impatient, because I had quitted home at a moment of much inconvenience, and for a multi- plicity of reasons was most desirous to accomplish .my return. There was no alternative, however, save that long tried, unpalatable but. infalhble one, patience, We breakfasted late. To afford room for clearing the decks and stowing the hold, Sir John, Mesars. Bagot, MIiligan, and my self landed at noon, taking up a very toler able position around a splendid fire of blazing pine fittings torn from their fasten ings. Rain descended in torrents, and the deserted bake-house with its windowless, doorless openings was comfortless enough, especially as it boasted sundry, antipatont, leaky ventilators overhead, which were nEver of the architect's projection. An old newspaper, "Pickwick," "The Every Day Book," and "The O'Hara Family" served to speed the flight of time which passed with wondrous rapidity, when aided by a few Macquaric Harbour potatoes done to a turn in the glowing wood embers. . Safe .ynaoY , 80r,--At 6-30 a.m mnamed the windlass, loosed sails, and within forty minutes slowly took our departure from Sarah Island. It was unfortunately calm, the water smooth as a polished mirror, and no mode of propulsion save that of towing could be used. The morning was a fine one, the beautiful sunrise rendering the fleecy clouds that soared along the moun tains fancifully transparent. In the S. and S.E. quarters the aspect looked more than doubtful, as if thespirit of the storm was marshalling his scattered legions for a fresh assault. The schooner drew gradually through the placid yielding waters, and as Sarah Island dipped in the receding E., its sea-girt form and quarter-mile channel showed much more distinctly. The prisoners' barracks perched upon their bold projecting cliff seemed almost castle like. They with the dock-yard imbued with a semblance of vitality the discon solate but lovely scene, heightened to a glowing picture by the various islets, bays, and mountains around. Ere noon we had reached rather more than half way between the settlement and a long low tongue of land named Liberty Point. Philip's Isle lay E., and the superbly picturesque ranges of Mounts Zeohan and Heomekirk (named after Tasman's ships by Captain Flinders) bore the former N. d W., the latter N.N.W. At this period a light air from the N.W. sprung up sufficient fo preclude towing,but not strong enough to give us much way under sail. As we advanced the land became low and shelving, the surf as it brbke on the beach outside thundering in our ears. Tacked at 8 p.m., the light air having strengthened to a gentle breeze wafting our barky gracefully along. On the starboard tack the tiny schooner made a bold luff lying up W. by S. promising to weather Liberty Point, and looking well for Table Head and Botsey Island. It was dry but chilly, cheery though cloudy. At 5'15 we had rounded Liberty Point with a flood tide setting pretty strongly up the harbour. Evening was cold but clear with. a gradually increasing breeze, the schooner heading W. Amid the beautiful of Tasmania's many beautiful mountain ranges there are few can equal, none surpass, the magnificent outlines of eoemskirk and Zeehan. Like the over laboured set scene of some fairy spectacle, their fanciful commanding ridges assume a dreamy aspect, embosomed amid the purple clouds, from whose fantastic forms they take a tone and colour of which they seem, too, half compounded; enchanting the eye that gazed and pierced them in delightful rapture. The southern shore is bare and hilly, the northern flat and wood. King's River falls into the harbour a few miles to tihe N.W. of Liberty Point, close to Pine Cove and Swan Basin. At six being pretty close to Table Head, the schooner stood off shore on the larboard tack; she had not, however, long done so ere she broke off considerably. At 6'30 tacked again. In half an hour the water rapidly shoaled, and we took the ground, having almost instantaneously got from five fathoms to six feet. We kedged off, bringing up in a quarter less eight, after a good deal of labour and sounding all round. SUNDAY, lay MAT.-Daybreak brought of May dew enough and to spare. In fore castle phraseology it was '"thick as pea soup" overhead. From the velocity of the scud it was evidently half a gale outside, whilst a lively breeze blew freshly in. At 7'5 we were under sail steering N.E. on the larboard tack. At 8"10 we put about, lying N.W. and a point or two oeff the wind. Such an incessant continuance of foul weather became almost intolerable to me, who leaving London in the height of summer (1841), and arriving here at the commencement of a particularly fine simi lar season, had become habituated to sum mer and to summer only. At 8:80 the schooner was kept, away W. by S., Middle Head bearing a quarter of a point on -the starboard and weather bow. At nine we became involved in the very narrow, intri cate channel that renders the otherwise magniflooent harbour so comparatively un available. The buoys that formerly defined the limits of this channel had long since broken adrift,and Mr. Bruce's recollections were too vague to insure a certain course. One cast would give five fathoms, another ten feet, the next three fathoms, the next again nine feet. Whilst anxiously working down this puzzling stream, the wind first became scant and then drew ahead; down went the anchor and out run the kedge, to warp being the sole alternative. I have before said these flats extend some four miles, their locality being clearly indicated by Middle, Round, and Wellington Heads, which overhang these harassing shoals. Macquarie Harbour is a port as difficult of egress as of access, and from the self-same cause the prevalence of westerly winds. When occupied the settlement was fre quently in a state of necessity bordering upon starvation; the colonial vessels hav ing repeatedly been unable to round South West Cape, and forced to bear up before the fury of the gale. A passage exceeding two months has more than once occurred. This difficulty and the time consumed ren dered inspection by the chief authority next to impossible, and no doubt tended materially to the abandonment of the places but neither westerly winds, bars,nor shoals are sufficient cause for such a step. In this ago of steam the run from Hobart Town and back might easily be accomplished once a week, with ample time to spare. A couple of steamers of 300 tons, drawing eight feet of water, placed at the disposal of the Government, would render this colony services of the most important, beneficial, and profitable kind a large expenditure and a vast amount of time wastefully con sumed by sailing vessels in the transport of convict stores, etc., would be saved, and the first outlay of these steamers speedily reimbursed. The very traffic to Macquarioe Harbour would effect this, seeing that the local administration of Colonel Arthur re alised considerable sums and obtained a ready and profitable sale for boats and ves sels built here. Were the settlement again established the abundance of Huon pine, myrtle, lightwood,and other valuable tim bar would offer immediate objects of traffic. The settlement might not for some years to come supply itself with meat, but from the quality of certain portions of soil and general appearances, I incline to believe in its perfect capability to grow farinaceous and excellent food in ample abundance and of excellent quality. Our endeavours to clear the channel were as tedious as they were unremitting; fortunately they were assisted by a powerful ebb tide and strong fresh, which set out of King's River in full flow. By noon, however, the ebb becano flood, the wind increased, and we dragged her on end inch by inch with difficulty. At 1"30 anehoredin two fathoms off Bound Head; the rain had some time ceased and the blue sky tiok its place. The headlands of the south shore are moderate in height, without timber, unless where here and there a straggling clump serves to render the absence more conspicuous. Table Head in its N.W. aspect is sterile and stony, but the 'whole four-Table, Middle, Rlound,and Wellington Heads-with their bights and bends, form a scene both picturesque and pleasing. The land of the opposite shore is low and sandy, resembling many spots to be found near Lowestoft, in Suffolk, where the drift is great and the water shallow. Thie breeze grew fiercer and fiercer, and it was 'evident we had achieved all that was to be done for the day, At 3 his Excellency called the people aft, reading the evening service in his strikingly impressive manner, after which he gave us a chapter from a religious volume called "The OceanIllustrated," a treatise listened to with marked attention, and which, through God's mercy, may hope be productive of much benefit. Our little crew was a very good one, comprising four or five of those prime A.B. seamen of which England recently stod so much in needif she does not now, (To be Oontinued.) A clergymanwho married four couplesin one hour the other evening remarked to a friend that it was "pretty fast work." "'Not very," responded the friend,". only four knots an hour," .' 