HISST.A BLISED :1842.) With whichs inscorporated She Tortlaud 7Mirror. Published Every ronday, Wednesday and Friday Evening. MONDAY, MAY 23, 1887. GoT Anainr.-During the heavy wind of the early hours this morning Mr. B. Arkell'se boat broke loose from or dragged her moorings between the two jetties. She was fortunately broughtup before she had drifted more than about half-a. mile out to sea. Another boat owner we regret to say was not so lucky. Mr. F. Houeen came down to look for his boat this morning but she was nowhere to be seen. She was moored between the two jetties,-and by some means or other during- the nighti or; early morning hours, it is presumed, ~s no person saw her get away, drifted from her moorings and was blown out to sea by the strong N.W. wind that prevailed. Whether the boat will land on the opposite shore or whether she has filled and gone down as yet remains an unsolved problem, but we trust that small as the chance is Mr. Housen will yet recover his lost property. Another boat, the Start, got a start on the road out to sea, but happily did not go far. WxiruzEa-Since our last issue we have had a decided change in the weather. Early on Sunday morning heavy rain fell, and the whole of the day mentioned was extremely cold, windy and generally uncomfortable. To-day has been much the same, with a few breaks of sunshine and high wind. We trust thatthere will be a change for the better to-morrow. MIITrrL BALL,-On Saturday and to day preparations.for the militia ball in the Orderly Room have been going on apace. Flags have been procured and the room has undergone quite a metam. orphoris under the hands of the ladies and gentlemen whose taste and skill has been secured the decoration. The brilliant colors of the flags and ever greens used in adorning the ball room when added to by the costumes of the ladies and the uniforms of the military will present a scene well worth witness ing. HER MA.ESTY'S JUBILEE -An adver tisement in another column announces nounces that the meeting of the Jubilee committee is postponed until Thursday, so that the report of the lady canvassers may be received. WIIOLE DAY PARADE. -To-morrow, Her Majesty's Birthday, will be made the occasion of a whole day parade of the local militia corps. Proceedings will commence at 9 o'clock in the morn. ing. In addition to the blank firing from the big guns and small arms men tioned in a previous issue there will also be shot aud shell practice at float ing targets moored in the sea. The gluns, we understand, will be located for this purpose on the vacant ground on Blair's Hill to the east of the light house. It is probable all the members who can possibly attend will be on parade, and to-morrow will be a Lig day with the military of Portland. GRAZING AREA AVAILABLE; - The Gazette notifies that the undermentioned will be available for selection on or before Friday, 17th June :-Allotment 38, parish of Monzie, incrcaed to 920 acres. TnE -JoaN? CONCERT.-The sisters Joran arrived on Saturday night by the Nelson and the concert originally an nounced for Thursday last will take place to-night. The management regret exceedingly the disappointment felt at the non-fulfillment of tho original engagement. Mr. Ernlst Edmonds, a gentleman well known in Portland, has also given his valuable services and will contribute two songs. The pro gramme is announced at length in our advertisement column. LiAsas APArRnoP V.-The Gazette noti fies the approval of thefollowingapplica tions for leases:- J. Sharruck. 44 acres, parish of Condah; Edwin C. Graves, 820 acres, parish of Mumbanuar; Neil McCuspie, 320 acres, parish of Glenelg; IL G. Bell, 217 acres, parish of Glenanlin J. Sharrock, 132 acres, parish of Bessie belle; J. W. McMorron, 298 acres, parish of Mumbannar. RELIGIous INSTRUCTION IN STATE ScnooLs.-Our readers will remember that some time since we mentioned that the ministers of the towh had decided to alternately impart religious instruction to the scholars attending. th" State school. :Of late there has been some little irregularity in the attendance of the ministers. and, for fear that this im portant matter would be neglected Mr. Bagley called a meeting of ministers to arrange matters on a proper basis. There was not a full attendance, however, and it was decided that the ministers should be notified through the Press that a meeting will take place on' Wednesday next at the -Manse at 11.30 a.m., when it is hoped that all the clergy will at tend. LIcENsEs REvox's. - The Gazette notifies the following forfeitures :-L. McKinnon, 650. acres, parish of Munm bannar; A. V. Sutor, 160 acres, parish of Eumarella; H. D. Cane, grazing block 8738 4000 acres, and grazing block 876, 8,400 acres. BuLLI RELIEF FNmm.-The total amount of subscriptions collected . in Victoria in aid of the above fund now reaches £4423 4s 8d.. MAXWrLL v. CooKx. In the Supreme Court on Friday an action was tried before Mr. Justice A'Beckett in which Mr. Herbert Cooke, the manager of the Condah-hill estate, was sued by Ber nard Richard Maxwell, a lad about 13 years of age, for damages'for injuries he sustained through the alleged negligence of the defendant. In March, 1886, the defendant took two horses to a black smith at Condah to be shod. The horses were tied to a fence, and the blacksmith (Patrick Kelly) commenced to shoe them. He had nearly finished shoeing the horses when one of them broke away from the fence, ran down the road, and knocked down the plain tiff, who was seriously injured. At the close of the evidence for the plaintiff it was submitted that there was no evi dence to show that the defendant was liable. He had handed over the horses to the care of the blacksmith, and while they were in his charge the defendant was not liable for any accident that might occur. Mr. Justice A'Beckett was of opinion that the horses were under charge of the blacksmith, and that the defendant was not liable for the accident, He therefore gave judg ment for the defendant with costs. SALE OF FUBNrruan.-We desire to draw the attention of our readers to the important sale of furniture at Maretimo on Wednesday next, commencing at 11 o'clock sharp, when the whole of Mrs. Matheson's valuable household furniture and effects will be offered at auction by Mr. J. R. Woods. Catalogues giving full details can be obtained on applica tion to theauctioneer. Nzw regulations for the Victorian Mounted Rifles bave been framed by the defence authorities on the basis of the militia regulations approved by the Governor in Council, and were -pub lished in the Goverment Cazette of Friday. The strength of the battalion is 1000, and recruitinghas been stopped, the full number having been enrolled. Each man engages for three years, but during the last 12 months he may with the sanction of the commandant, engage for a further period of one, three, or five years. With the approval of the Governor in Council he may resign at any time, by giving 14 days' notice. Recruits must be British subjects not under 18 and not over 35 years of age. Men who have served in the Imperial regulars or reserves may enlist up to 45 years of age. Cadets who have served not less than two years may be enrolled at 17 years of age. Boys from 14 to 18 yeals of age may be engaged as trumpeters, buglers, drummers, or musicians. The men are required to undergo a minimum of 12 daylight drills per annum in order to be classed as effective, and must complete their course of musketry training. Every man who fails to make himself effective by the 3rd of June each year may be struck off the roll. Officers failing to qualify will not be allowed to retain their commissions, and non-com missioned officers who do not qualify will be reduced to the ranks. No member of the Mounted Rifles is allowed to absent himself from his district for morethan a month without leave. Up to three months' leave may be granted by the commanding officer of the battal lion, but leave for a longer period can only be given by the commandant. An effective allowance of 20s per man will be credited annually to the captain of each company for the maintenance of clothing, exclusive of great coats, which are supplied by the Government, keeping saddlery in order, and defray. ing the expenses of musketry practice. Officers not under the rank of captain, after 10 years' service may be allowed to retire with permission to retain their rank and wear uniform. T?bIsc been unsuccessful in his expartse application for an injunlction to prevent the Richmond Council from expending the ratepavers' money in feing the school children in honor of Hler IMajerty's Jubilee. Mr. Scott has decided to pro ceed by summons with the same object, and the matter is expected to come before Mr. Justice Kerford in the Prao tioe Court on Friday next. SunEAERs ' UsIoN.-In our advertising columns appears an important notification I by the Amalgamated Shearers' Union of .1 Australia, in reference to the opening of englgement offices, and instructions 7 are given as to the mode of procedure to be pursued in seeking engagements, . We have received the reports of the general meeting of the Union held in 1 Ballarat on April 1GIh lasi, by which it appears that though the Union was then hardly 12 iotlihs old it iunmbered 9,383 members. without takingintao ccountthe I Tasmanian and South Australian Unions whichhave expressed their willingness to federate, and the Bourke and Wagga branches. - Ninety eight - per cont. of 1 the shearers in New South Wales and I Victoria and 95 per cent. in New Zea- I land have joined the Union. The 1 balance sheet shows the finances of the Association to be in a flourishing state, having the sum of over £?800 to its I credit. The rules, byelaws and form of agleement of the society also accom panied the report and any person in terested can see them on application at our publishing office. MuNICIPar BYs-Law,-For the in formation ofthe police force the follow ing directions have been issued:--" For the future no member of the force must prefer a charge under any municipal bye-law unless he holds an appointment as officer of the municipality,' or is specially authorised, in writing, by the municipal authorities to prosecute in that particular case. The police must bring this matter under the notice of the authorities of the. municipalities in which the stations are placed." RABnrr DEsraucrION.-We (Coleraine Albion) recently stated that Mr. George Riddoch, of Glencoe, to whom Dr. Macdonald of Coleraine had explained his plan for rabbit extermination, thought very highly of the inventor's system. Since that time Mr. Riddoch, who is greatly interested in numerous pastoral estates, has exerted himself in arranging for a definite sum to be offered for an effective remedy to destroy rab bits. As a conference of landowners is to be held in Sydney next week, he has prevailed upon Dr. McDonald to go to New South Wales with a view of a depu tation being arranged to interview the Minister of Lands on the subject. If the Government undertakes to place a substantial sum upon the estimates to renumerate the inventor of a successful plan for the extermination of rabbits, Dr. MacDonald will disclose his scheme, but failing this the doctor will hold his valuable invention as sacred. Dr. MacDonald leaves Coleraine to.morrow for Sydney. He finds it impossible to negotiate with the Victorian Govern ment, who will offer nothing for a suc cessful plan beyond promising to con sider his scheme if he "forwards full particulars." HarL-HOLIDAY. -Owing to Tuesday being a public holiday the usual Wed nesday half-holiday will not be held this week. THE Spectaor's Murta correspondent thus writes:-Mr. Gill, of Portland, has been appointed Postmaster at Murtoa. Our late - Postmaster, Mr. Blake, was removed some months ago, and since, Mr. Mountjoy has been re lieving. The Post-office here is a very comfortable, nice looking, brick build ing, and the staff comprises four mem bers besides the Postmaster, a good many country mails being made up from this office. MILITIA BAND.-On Friday night the 'band attached to the local battery made its first public appearance in uniform, though it can hardly be called the formal introduction to the public-that will be done to-morrow, when the band takes its proper station at the head of the battery. On Friday evening besides discoursing a little music in the Orderly Room the band played a couple of marches under the lamp at Mao's Hotel merely for the purpose of getting the men a little accustomed to marching to music, and the result was very satisfac factory for a first essay. The band we may mention has made rapid strides towards proficiency and now performs music, including rather difficult selec tions, in a manner that would not shame much older musical combinations of a similar kind. At the present rate of progress Mr. Perry, will soon have a band of performers of Whom he as well as the town of Portlandmaypardonably be proud. FUNERAL.-The late Mr. N. Graves was interred in the South Ceme tery on Thursday last; and the remains were followed to the grave by a large number of friends of the deceased and his parents. The members of the Gordon Football Club, to which the deceased belonged, paid a last mark of respect to their deceased comrade by marching about 20 strong, each wearing a white band. Four of the club's mem bers acted as pall bearers. We are pleased to notice this token of feeling and respect by the Gordon Club, as the day on which the funeral took place was that appointed for a match against the Union, and in foregoing the contest to attend the burial of their late brother member the club exhibited a highly commendable feeling. We mentioned some time since that Mr. Graves had presented a cup to be given to the best all round player in the club for the season. When his untimely death took place it was decided that the cup should be returned to his parents, who, how ever, signified their desire to see the wishes of their son in regard to it during hislife carried out, and the club will therefore do this. STrElAIERs.-The s.s. Dawn arrived on Friday night and came to the pier. She did her business with this port on Saturday, and sailed at an early hour this morning. FoorntLL.-The intercolonial foot- 1 ball match, Victoria v. Tasmania, was played on Saturday at the Melbourneo Cricket ground in the presence of a large number of spectators. The first part of the ganme was evenly contested, but towards the close the Victorians ap- t peared to have it all their own way, and eventually won the match by three goals. The score was Victorians seven goals 15 behinds, Tasmania 4 goals 6 behinds. Arrangements have been made to play the match Tasmania v. Easendon first twenty on Tuesday at the South Mel bourne ground. lHER MAJESTY'S JUBILEE.--We are in. formed that the canvassers to the Jubilee fund are not meeting with the substantial response that was hoped. This is hardly as it should be, consider. ing the occasion. Portland, we are well aware, has of late been canvassed for one object and another so often that were it any ordinary occasion that it was intended to celebrate we would not wonder at our residents being inclined to grumble at any new demand being made on their pockets. But let us take the occasion into consideration. Let us remember that we. the oldest town in one of the most important of her Majesty's possessions, must not be be hindhand in our expressions of loyalty to that Queen under whose benign sway we have enjoyed half-a-century of peace and prosperity, for which we have great cause for thankfulness when the troublous times of preceding reigns are considered. Mr. Moses on Wednesday said it was hard to kindle national en. thusiasm in Australia, but we cannot think that in Portland the flame of loyalty is not to be roused to burn as brightly ac in any other part of her vast dominions on the Jubilee of Her Majesty's aocession to the throne. Surely every'man, woman and child will identify him or herself with this movement, according to their respective means, so that the testimonial of loyalty and affection to the throne by the people of Portland will be one l~efitting the cradle of the colony bearing the name of the beloved sovereign whose queenly career commenced almost simultan. eously with its history, and under whose gracious reign it has grown from a" small settlement on the shores of Portland Bay to a colony containing over a million of the most prosperous people on the face of the earth. The two Victorias. both growing in years together, both bound together by the ties of nationality, and both gaining strength and wisdom as time rolled on. Let us then return our meed of thank. fulness and affection to the one for the prosperity of the other. A Mvon WaNrTpD BLocK.-Allotment 30, parish of Tyrendarra, was much in demand at the Land Board on Wednes. day. Five applicants were after it, and a lawyer was engaged on behalf of one of the applicants who set up a rather peculiar plea why his client should obtain the land, this being that the young man was not by any means bright, and required to be under his father's eye to be kept straight and to be advised how to work his land. He admitted at the same time, however, the other applicants he believed were honest young men, but his client stood more in need of parental solicitude than did they. He did not suppose they would give him the whole of the allot. ment, but taking the above facts into consideration he asked that his client should get a portion of it.-: The Board were proof .against Mr. Butler's elo quence and his client's application was refusned. APPLCoArIs roa MaaORR E. - At It meeting of the Chester Board of Guar dians the clerk read a letter from Private Hall, of "Lichfield," stating that he possessed £500, and offering to marry a younglady or even a widow, if the Board would recommend one. He (the clerk) had since received a number of applications from various young ladies, some of thein enclosing their photographs. He'passed the letters and photos. around. Miss Charlotte Knapp, Grove Road, Petworth, was an applicant if Private Hall was healthy and sane. This was thought unkind. She would like to know all his bad qualities. She was curious to know if h, could scrub, make beds, shake carpets, clean grates, make pastry, and dry fish; and lastly whether he slept well at night. For all these qualities the applicant said she could play the harmonium, and was thoroughly domesticated. " My age," she concluded, "is 40 years." Peggy Smith, of Sydenham, who wanted a really good husband, a blonde, and no temper at all, wrote from Cromwell street, Gorton, Manchester, that she would make a man with £500 a dutiful wife, she thoroughly understood milk. ing, and was dying for a really suitable husband. The Board regretted that they were unable to do anything with these confidential and embarrassing communioations.-English Paper. A onosT story comes from Williams. town. It is alleged that the ghost has been seen by a servant girl, a medical man, and a municipal official. Its appearances have been made regularly, so it is asserted, for several nights past. The first intimation of its presence was to the servant girl, who, accompanied by a companion, was proceeding home ward to Mrs. Brown's in Douglas Parade, where she is at service. Some thing enveloped in white touched her on the shoulder, and shelosther parasol as she ran, also some money she ead in her pocket. On the succeeding night the apparition is stated to have lightly jumped into the doctor's buggy and out again. Next it interviewed the muni. cipal officer. It is alleged to have been even about the doctor's garden, flitting among the trees. The servant grl before mentioned has been laid on he bed by nervous shock by the foolishly cruel trick. The pohce have been informed of the freaks of the" appari. tion," who, it is just possible, wll find himself in durance vile. A TR.?ACE medium informed one of the Herald correspondents that although nearly 100 miles away from the Windsor railway collision he saw it as plainly as if there. McNabb, he said, caught first sight of the ordinary train on the line just ahead, and turned to MIaskell with the blood-curdling cry, "Good Godl I M1askell, the ordinary's broken down just ahead; on with the break." Mas. kell then gave one quick glance, and with the aid of his companion put the break on tight, but too late to save their own lives, for the next moment the buffers of their engine struck against those of the last carriage of the ordinary train with au unearthly and sharp m'etallic sound, and the two men ffere enveloped in blinding sheets of smoke, steam, and fire. The speed at which the express was travelling at the time 'as so terrific, he said, that but for the instantaneous and determined applica tion of the brake both trains would have booeen smashed to pieces. EANGSELISTIC SERvICES.--DUring the coming week Mr. McDonald will con duct evangelistic services in the Wes lsyan and Baptist Churches alternately. AccovrTs.-At the Receipt and Pay Office accounts are awaiting payment to E. Highland, G. Kerr, F. W. Ullithorne, and T. Wigley, PROPEsTY SALE?-The properties sub. mitted by Messrs. Rains and Co. to-day at Portland and Heywood were withdrawn at £170 for the land and residence nt West Portland and 378 Gd per acre for the land at Heywood. "The Seven Southerland Sisters" have a shop near Broadway (N.Y.), and their stock-in-trade is " hair tonic." The whole seven are tall and comely, with soft brown hair seven feet in length and four feet in thickness, and they spend their time standing in their plate-glass window combing these most enviable tresses. Crowds of admirers block the way, hosts of buyers throng to buy the tonio which is said to have worked the wonder, and an army of as. sistants is engaged in selling the tonio. Neighboring shopkeepers have appealed to the law, but the seven sisters declare that America is a free country, and that they will comb their hair when and where they choose. 