PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY MORNING. SATURDAY, AUGUST 6,1887. Local News., PENRITH VOLUNTEERS.—An inspection of the local corps of our gallant defenders will take place this afternoon at 3 p.m. by Lieut. Col. Holborrow. all members are requested to attend. THE HUNT—A treat is in stove for those who are fond of an exciting event. The Sydney Hunt Club visit Penrith to-day and will start across country opposite the Post office at 11 o'clock. WE BELIEVE that if every one would use American Co's Hop Bitters freely there would be much less sickness and misery in the world, and people are fast finding this out, whole families keep- ing well at a trifling cost by its use. We advise all to try it. Read. THE CARRINGTON HANDICAP.—The following are local runners in the Carrington Handicap which starts to-day J. H. Braithwate, 32 yds ; Jas. W. Byrnes, 33½ yds; B. J. Carmody, 34 yds : W. Potter 36½ yds ; James Griffiths, 37 yds. The scratch man is Samuels, on 25 yds; and the limit is 41 yds, Griffiths should have a say in this event, CATHOLIC.—On Sunday next August 7th, the Very Rev. Dean Mahony will officiate in St. Nicholas' at 9 a.m, 11 a.m. and 7 p.m. Rev. Father Phelan will celebrate in St. Mary's at 9 a.m. On the following Sunday, August 14th, the Dean will officiate at Greendale at 11 in the morning; and at St. Nicholas' at 7 in the evening, Father Phelan celebrating in St. Nicholas at nino o'clock, QUEENS' FUND—The committe meeting in con- nection with the above took place in the Council Chambers on Thursday afternoon last. Mrs. Riley presided, and the following ladies were, present : Mesdames Bond, Clouston, Brown, Bourne, Price, Kellet, Deurham, and the Misses Dibbs(2) and Riley, The question of when and how the money is to be collected was consided. It was agreed that sub- scription list should be printed at once, and a house to house call be made; the district to be divided into sections; each lady to take a separate section. The meeting adjourned to Thursday the first of September, when they will meet and report progress. FOREWARNED IS FOREARMED.—Lest the unwary should be caught in the toils of certain tricksters, who are among the most unscrupulous in existence notice is hereby given that importations of bogus nostrums are being made and counterfeit tonics offered for sale which are falsely alleged to equal or possess similar properties to Wolfe's Schnapps, May this caution prove serviceable. Be sure you obtain Wolfe's Schnapps. THIS ISSUE—Our readers will notice that the present issue contains an unusual amount of original matter. We are in fact brim full of news and un- fortunately at the last moment we are compelled to crowd out "Farceur's" City Chat, "Japonica's" Here and There, The "Novices" Tit Bits, and the usual instalment of "One or two narrow escapee" besides several other items of local interest. It was not known till Wednesday that we could use the report of the inquest on the Claremont Ghost, but by the kind permission of the Coroner we are enabled to give full particulars of the wonderful affair which despite the report of the Sydney medicos is still en- shrouded in mystery. The report of the Katoomba strike is also considerably condensed. Next week we shall endeavour to make amends. OUR MEMBER—Mr. S. E. Lees, has taken ad- vantage of the recess, and will hold a series of meeting throughout the district. The first meeting will be held at the Temperance Hall Penrith this evening Saturday Aug. 6th. Chair to be taken at 8p.m. by Mr. Michael Long, Mayor of Penrith, Eastern Creek, Mr. Pike's Room, on Tuesday Evening, August 9. Chair to be taken at 5 p.m. St Marys, Protestant Hall, on Tuesday Evening, August 9th. Chair to be taken at 8 p.m. by Mr. J. K Lethbridge J.P. Luddenham, Protestant Hall, on Wednesday Evening, August 10th. Chair to be taken at 5 p m by Mr. Kenneth Campbell. Mulgoa, Mr. Turnbull's on Wednesday Evening, August 10th. Chair to be taken at 8 p.m. by Mr. Aldernan Thomas Cross. These meetings should be largely attended and we feel sure that Mr. Lees efforts throughout the district will be thoroughly appreciated. 