THE PATH OF THE JUST. At Stow Manorial Church on Sunday evening the Rev. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., delivered the concluding [?] of the series on Proverbs. There was a good attendawnn. Be took tor bit test Pro verbs iv.. 18—"Taw path of the just is a* the ahining light, which abiaeth more and more untotheperfectday." Hesaid—Thereisnothing that ao readily lends itadf for poetic fflastu tkm as the rifling Bun. The deep gloom of midnight iittu gradually conquered by the dawn has inspired the heart and the imagina tion of mankind in every age, Xtiainitaetfa phenomenon ao beautiful, and yet an common and ao needful for health and comfort, that one ceases to wonder when we find that the dawn ha* been deified and worshipped as a goddess in the ancient hymns of India, in the dreamy liturgies of Persia, and in the human theology of Greece. Beautiful i? the dawn aa it breaks in upon she dark chambers of ? crowded city, bat more beautiful etui as it mingtea rbi gfcry with mountain forma, and tinges the tree-tops with gold. The rising eon ia a figure we can all understand, but none can so appreciate it* meaning as the traveller over an eastern desert, who welcomes it as it bring* to him the eammona to be up and doing, to utter fak morning prayer, and then under its traidanoe to go on h? way. The "ahiniog lwht nof onr text is neither more nor leas than this dam; and the writer uses it Ma meta phor to express the aafe and easy pathway of the just, who walks through life with a fear leas tread because the light of God is in his heart, and whose career is a guide to others because that same light of God ahines from him upon all who are near him. Oar Lord himself uses the same illustration when He says, "If a man walk in the day he rtamtileth not, because he aeeth the light of this world ; but if a man walk in the night he atumbleth, because the light ia not in him." Thk proverb Mta before as not any angle virtue, bos the complete character of arightty orderedman. There is nothing onesided about it. The other proverbs that I have selected for tiaatnunt deal with aouie one particular excellence or folly which ought either to be adniired or detested. This promote to na the perfect idea! of whata man ought to be and ought to do, and tells us that the oourae of such a man can be likened to the exquisite beauty of the morning dawn, which gradually brightens until toe daylight ia perfect. Let us consider more particularly what is meant by a "just" man, and then we shall see more clearly how very teue this text is to the facts of human life and experience. 1\. The character of the just man. That a just xcan means a man of moral and religious excellence we all admit, but we need to look a little deeper into the description to know what this description really signifies, for some very moral men are very much disliked, and have many awkward Wpmiwhas in their behavior; and some truly religious people are but poor examples of the shining light. Morality wrists of three elements, which are all united in every good action. There is, first, the feeling of what is right-that is, a man reeogniaea that there ia such a distinction aa that betwetn right and wrong in what be is doing. Secondly, there is a practical know ledge of what that rightnaaa rea&ymeans; and thirdly, there ia an effort of will to do what v right. The—i three dements, which correspond to heart, head, and hand, go together in every moral action. For instance, tf a youth sees a person drop a pane in the street, and he picks it up unpetoeived, he may either keep it or not. Selfishness bids him keep it, pradenee tells him he will never be found out, and perhaps his own empty pocket pleads for ouch an easy replenishing. He does not do this, however; he takes Che parse and gives it to its owner, and goes home happy. Sow, as we look into that youth's mind we find, first, that be bad a feetins; that to take that purse was against the law of right; secondly, that he knew what he ought to do; and, thirdly, that he made up his mind to re store it Heart, head, hand, were all con joined. He did what was just and right, and conscience said—Well done. If that youth had been brought up with a doubtful know ledge of right, or if he had been of a weak will, be might have hesitated for a Ions; time, and then we should have given him credit for getting tfaft victory over a terrible temptation. If, on the other hand, he had been aoonstomed to do what was right he would not hesitate far a moment: tne temptation would not tempt him; he would do what was just quite easily ; his moral habits would help him. Trits illustration will show what I mean. The *')oat" man ia a man who haa such a feeling for right that he sees it at a glance, auch a knowledge of right that his course ia clear, and raeh a habitat virtue that he never hesitates. It v tibia twbitnml goodness which we anooiate with our all-perfect Mastn, ** who did no sin neither was guile found in his mouth." It is this that gives meaning to the phrase "the faeanty of holiness,*' tor whOa there it m straggle titan may be aoliaaM, but sot the liasnlj iif liiilim — ThetMeantyeoaaestnwhoa the effort to do good is not fett. It is this that marka the character of the man whose pathway is as the shmtnr dawn. But now thete oamea in a difficulty. We are all afHed that right ia right and that all marikmn has a feeling of rightaeas, but when we come to the practical application me find ourselves among all aorta of opinions. Some men have very tender canaciencas over things that never distress others. To gtst drank is an awful crime in some eyes, bat C have heard men talk of their own lapses from sobriety without any sense of shame at all. To fight a duel was formed* deainul incumbent on any one who was challenged, bat now toe police would take up such a man under a charge of murder or manslaughter. To hold alavea Ai^ *w*t acpear to our fo?eCathscs. but bow it ia viewed asadiaraee and a shame. In a company of thieves the man who has any compunction about honeati k despised. Among military men any one who holds the principles of the Peace Society is looked upon aa a fenntifli Even in Ohristian circles things ace done now which 'our forefathers thought very among; and they did things which we deem wrong. I have heard of a tender day because it mutt have been baked on the Sunday, and even objecting to read the Mon day newspaper because it was probably printed on the Lard's Day. The records of some of the Puritan churches show how they exercised GaVClpll?fi OO ICDttuO tDCnbflna. ?Od COt wAOIU off from communion because they had a little too much adornment about their persons, or need a needleas quantity of Jewellery. I have known people who deemed it wrong to read a novel of any kind, and there was a time when a concert was thought a devioe of the devil to catch unwary people. In practising virtue tin first diflioalty there fore arises in knowing what ate and what are not right aotions, and when that is got over another mmf op in getting into the habit of doing what is right. Virtues are of many lands, and they need to be set one against the other to balance each other. This v the practical principle on which that wiaeold Greek Aristotle founded his system of ethics. He calls virtue "the mean between tvo extremes," a virtue carried to excess be comes a vice. Courage is a virtue, and every body admires a man of fearless bravery, but "mueaa it be restrained by prudence and caution it ceases to be courage, and we give it another name and call it rashness. So prudence is a virtue, but when it suggests to a man to run away from a pset of doty we deem it cowardice. Self-love is a dnty.bot if a ship captain in the hour of peril leaves his ship and bis passengers to take care of themselves, he is sure to oe met with well-deserved hoot ings. Benevolence is a virtue, but if it n exercised without care it is only a weakness; and sympathy if separated I nan oonactentioaanaaa and independenoe will degenerate into a transient emotion of weak eenti?Eentalinn. "VirtUFs cannot exist as virtues unless nnited with their antagonist qualities. Independence unbalanoed by hunnuty becomes pride, firmness without reverence for others turns into obstinacy. The desire to be approved, and esteemed, unless joined with the love of truth and right, rani into vanity." That this is true we all admit. Everybody condemns a man who ia niggardly, and also a man who is foolishly free with his money, and calk the one a miser and the other a spendthrift. Industry is a virtue, but if a man works himself to death weaay he has done a grievous wrong to himself and others. Best is sweet, but if testing become* a habit of lariness rt is pot into the category of dangerous vices. The just man is the man who has hit the mean, not only in practice, but in thought; she man who can be brave and at the aame time tender, who can exhibit all the strong energies of manhood and unite there with the gentler elementa of womanly eroel ience. Such are the heroes of the world whose names stand high in the moral firmament: such the heroes of our holy religion—Paul, and John, and Peter, who were aervanss alike, of truth and love. Such the heroes of chivalry as portrayed, for i"*"^ in the Idyls of the Kin*, by our Poet Laureate, who describes his own ideal knight aa The hUnietess Unr. and stainless gwUemra Who wore the white flower of a bUmeleas life. And eueh above all was Jesus, who unites in Himself all the beauties of virtue in such a fashion that though to outward sight He waa a mere artisan, a wanderina: talker, a disap pointed enthusiast, a crucified victim, He w*a nevertheless a perfect man, the express image of the Divine, the example of holiness for the whole wodd, and worthy to be loved and trusted aa the Saviour of mankind. Such ia the character of which it is said that, like the morning dawn, it will ftrow brighter end brighter onto perfect day. Sash ia the character whoae career ia compared to ft mantreadinga pathway amid rooks and hills, or over long wastes of aand, without ever losing Ilia way or stumbling through fear or weakness. Stub ia the life of man which, while Messed tee, will end in the faigaer Ueseedaamet a perfeek and und*ia? existence in the realma ef heaven. Oh, who would not ?eekto tread such a pathway? Who would compare tiicnwithtlieernticioja ot sin and naasisa,or the crooked wtaa-a-ot .aaceaasral dia honMty, mt the cold ant] aiwlaa* cacaer of a men snan ai the world. HowtmeM Uthat "txodSnaM has the promise of the life that now is, as well ?a ?i that which is to ooene." Perhaps you cnay agree with all I hsve said, a?d yet you may fed that smother 4cms tion cemaais tmwtisfiwfftand tiuU the moat isn portant of all, ?amely—How au a nan get on to this pathway? Bow can an imperfect man becoma perfect t How can a sinner be transformed into a just man? la the mechanical arrangrmfMts of out iron pathways if a train be on the wrong line it may through the'simple tuning of a handle be shunted on to the nght one. Is there any analogous pro cess by which, in the freedom of a man's soul, be may be shunted on to the path ot divine virtue and holiness ? To these questions there are many goad answers, which, however, do not go to the not of the matter. If a man is given to drink and takes the pledge he does a good tiring. By that act he pulls himself np and ???%fr— up hia mind to avoid the one neat vioe which threatens to be his ruin. He may by doing this become sober, but a sober man may still be mean and selfish and ill-tempered. If an idle scan becomes seized with a resolution to set to honest work he acta well for himself and others, but, fie it remembered, mere industry may leave the man's soul -ontonohed by all noble and divine impulses. To call any man honest, or trustworthy, or prudent, or careful, or saving, is not to describe the man as he ought to be if he had all the virtues and none of the vices. He may be a moral victor over some temptations and may grievously fafl in others. The true msn ?who will live a manlikfi life most be a victor all along the line. Many a battle both in military and moral history has been lost because the left wing or the centre has been broken, while the right wing has stood firm. A house with one or two good walls would be a bad place to live in if the other walls were in danger of falling. A carriage with one rotten wheel is in peril of disaster even if the remaining ones are sound. How a man nay become sonnd all thrnogh is theigraaV problem of all morality and ot all religion To answer this noblam let me remind yon o: the description I gave of the three elements of morality at the beginning, and you will are how oo man can succeed in treading the path way of the just unless first he have a keen feel ing for what is right. He must satisfy himael.; with no stunted iieaL He mact act before him a high aim. To be a rich man, to be a sob-; man, to be a man of nonor, to be just in basinet's to beakeeperof tfaetawsisagoodideaLbntit i<s not good enough. It falls short of the best. It does njt wwngniae the highest virtue, which is love tempered with truth, love for God a; well as man. It does not tooch the sense o r sin which larks deep down in every heart. Further, be must carefully *hinir out for him self what is the true path. A man with & good aim may rafl through ignoranoe. Tns Puritans were a noble race of men, but they were very obtuse in the way in which they abused toleration and -ifttiwtnri that liberty in otfaers which they wanted for themselves. Some of Hie Americana in the Southern State? were good Ohriatianw whOe they wen slave bolder*, but farther light made them aaethat their conduct was not right; The right way in this world can only be found out by enquiry, and thought, and experience. And thirdly, a man must remember that virtue requites an effort. Here Bentiment will not do, mere knowledge will not do, there must be effort as welL Many a drunkard feels anhrwf-'i of himself, he knows the ata-umeots in favor of abstinence, but he is weak in his wilL There are few men who will not admit that the law of chastity applies in its absolute form to man and woman alike, but tney will plead as excuses for their behavior the power of passion and the weakness of their nature to renstii. It is true of all morality that there is no reform in anything without an eff ?ri. The will rant be enlisted in the eaute of virtue, The effort at first may be hard, but it win become easier and easier as life goes on. The dawn of goodness in the soul will grow unto the perfect day. But even yet I have not fully answered the question how a man who is off the perfect pathway in to get on to it. It is not enough to explain to a man who has got on a pair of handcuffs how they are made to ""<-?"?*?. or to tell a man who has never learned to swim that be may escape from a sinking ship if he will strike out boldly. He is weak, and blind, ani indisposed to aoake the efiort, or T—*t*r* he htm TT>*A* titm t-Knrt. M. Imwu-Imml tinn^f mm} fmilod. Shall he then despair and give np ? By no means. There remains yet one other chance. G?d may help him. I aay may help him; I would rather say God will help him U he will accept Bnch aid. One man with God aahia ally ia a match for any foe. "One maa with God on hia aide ia in a majonty." In the glad tiding* of Jera* we have a practical proof of this. Jetma came "not to oall the righteous, but sinners to repentance.'' He came to forgive the penitent, to cheer the faint, to assist the weak. He is not a mere teacher, or Ja taaDaUH?at sBXMaUftlaS of COQEasfle Jsasaal IMiMQSSa-. He is a living actiwe saving pmssnos There is no need now for any one to despair. Toe r^r^igmS in ih? fmr omw^jy OUtf tUtn hat faOB homewards and be sure ot a divine woloosno. The palsied aonl weakened through sin may be seen carry ing its bed at the btdding of the Great Master. The drunkard may through Christ conquer his terrible tormentor. The libertine may through Christ get the mastery over hi> lusts. The gambler mivthroagh Ghost rise above the folly of faeanatnig hacard. Tae Ury loafer may through the power of Christ become an inanstrious i—??????? of society. The gay butterfly of pleasure may in Christ team that than is something more worth ?????*?e about in this world than ?*l^???*?*?g and areas. The aimless man who feels life a bore may in Christ rue.to a high seUoonaecntian and nlnsnmiiiiiiii Trust m God is the switch that will tarn any life on to the heavenly roadway. Faith k the fingerpost which points the traveller over earth's weary wastes on to the path that leads upward to the paradise of God. No one need therefore despair. If the "path of the jut v as the shining dawn which ???mmWi more and more onto the perfect day." Christ is the gate way to that path. He calls himself the door, the way, the troth, and the light, and stands at the turning-points of our differing careers, saying to us au—Come unto me; follow me; trust me. Whoso obeys and follows will reach at last the goal of his highest ambition. 