Facetiae. Sporting notes—Hashing fivers. It is wrong to say the living hear all the burden of the state; is there not a death A minor at Dark River put in a blast and touched her off; ho presently went back to see her spit. His friends scraped his remains oil the hanging wall with bits of hoop iron. His funeral was well attended. An English paper says that "tho book that is now selling best in Italy is the Bible." We shouldn’t wonder. It must bo quito a novelty in literature there. Tho mostor of a state school asked a small boy tho masculine of step-daughter, and the young rascal replied—“ Step- laddor.” That youth is very careful what ho sits on now ; ho profors an air pillow. A tiger at tho Melbourne Zoo. was so en raged by tho sight of a dude the other day that ho toro oil tho shoot-irou flooring > f his cago, and was in a fair way of escaping when his keeper knocked him sonsoless with a bar of iron. Unfortunately the dude es caped. Country journalists aro becoming rapidly respectable and, as a consequence, rich. The proprietor of tho -— Standard has offered a ten guinea oup for the best silo made in his district I Humph 1 We romoin hor the time when it was as much as a coun try editor could do to present his offspring with a birthday mug, and tho prico had to go down to the advertisement account at that. Yet tho literature then produced in tho country wasof a much livelier description than it is now. As soon as a man grows wealthy ho scorns to lose all his fun. A minor at Creswick went down into the well of a shaft thoro, attired in some patent diving dross which was guaranteed to make life below tho billow pleasant and agreeable; in fact, athingtobohungoredafter. Itwastobe a trial of tho apparatus, under tho auspices of tho mining department. The man had boon below water about fifteen minutes, whou it was thought advisable to haul him up and ask him how he was. So they hauled, hut tho divor had evidently hitched the ropo on to tho centra- of tho universe, and it could not coinc awayjdAi lot of -men and boys, and horses, were induced to give a hand, and finally, after some considerable fooling, they got tho diver to come up and see what tho gory Hades they were tugging for. Upon oponiug up the apparatus, tho venturesomo miner was found to bo bleeding at the nose like a tapped claret cask, and just in tho act of giving up tho ghost. They restrained him in tho mad act, and after much caro and skilful treatment he folt well enough to tako a drop of liquor, and explain that something had gone wrong, and he had got caught in tho laddors. Thoro is nothing excruciatingly funny about this till we ap pend a few words with which the Age winds up an account of tho affair : “ Had tho lad der been a fixture, tho accident would have proved fatal. In other respects, the trial was considered very successful," We claim tho italics. Dc Trow: “ How horribly that tenor is murdering his anthem, Miss Claymore." Miss Claymore : “ That tenor is my brother Ethelbert, Mr. De Trow," Do Trow (glan cing at his hymnal and turning tho leaves quickly): “ Why, how stupid of me, I thought ho was singing Mozart’s ‘Hallelu jah.’ " Miss Claymore: So ho is." Thu man who had his ear bitten off in a fracas in Port Adelaide tho other night, no doubt thinks it useless for anyone next January to wish him a happy new ’ear. In a country printing office. Editor (to compositor)—"How do you spell pneumo nia 2" Compositor (after several attempts) —" Give it up. Why don’t you look in the dictionary2" Editor—"Because lam sit ting on it and don’t want to disturb myself. Never mind. I’ll say that the old gentle n-died of some disease that is easier to 