ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 18S7. THE JUBILEE PAGEANT. In order to acquire some idea of the scene enacted on Tuosday, one's memory naturally reverts to some of the great pageants of the last tbree decades. We see again, in imagination, the funeral^)! the illustrious Iron Duke, as, full of years and honours, he was borne to St. Paul's. The endless stream of horsemen and footmen, the carriages, the banners,. the crape-draped standards, the great funeral car, drawn by such horses as England alone can furnish, again parade before our view. The tone of muffled drum, the wail of funereal music, the distant boom of minute gun, again Bound in the ear, mingled with the subdued roar of the vast1 multitude surging 4>elow ÜB. Our memory calls up the triumphant progress of the lovely Danish Princess through the metropolis, from Woolwich in its far East, to the Great Western Railway in its distant West, en roitte to wed the Prince of Wales. We see London blocked from one end to the other. The footways are impas- sable. The roadways are packed with an apparently impenetrable mass of motionless vehicles. One wonders if the superhuman efforts of the police will ever clear the way. In the meantime, the only passage is through the forest of I wheels. Singular paradox, for once in I a way the London roads are too crowded to be dangerous. As the hour approaches, they clear as by magic. Every eye strains for the approaching carriage that bears the peerless treasure. She comes, and London first beholds the beautiful girl, - the still beautiful woman,-that then and there won all England's heart, and bas kept it. Our memory travels back to the time when the sleepless British Empire stood ' bushed in terrible suspense. Its Prince lay at the gate of death. Memories of that anxious time still linger Provi- dence spared him. And now the mind conjures up the widowed mother, on her way to the same great cathedral, to thank Almighty God for the re-gift of her eldest son. It is the one touch of nature that makes all the world kin.. Monarch and subject, peer and peasant, rich and poor, compatriot and foreigner -all can sympathise. We can still hear I the thunders of the people, and the shoutings ; we can still feel ourselves joining in the plaudits, as our beloved and revered Queen bows her gracious thanks for Ute welcome. Finally, we can raise the ghosts of some half-dozen semi-State processions of Her Majesty on the way to open Parliament. Our mind filled with these reminis- cences, we can picture to ourselves the great spectacle of Tuesday. The Horse Guards, the Admiralty, the Foreign Office, Carlton House Terrace, Marl- borough House, and every tree, and lamp- post, and gateway, rise np before ns, as, on s lovely midsummer day, we wend our way up that magnificent avenue, the Mal), in St, James's Park, toward Buckingham Palace. We study the multitude that no man can number, streaming in from the purlieus of the "Dials," the regions south of the river, the mazes of the East end. The order- liness of tbe steady artizan, with bis wife and children round him ; the horse- play of the roughs and blackguards that swarm on every hand ; the stealth of the pickpocket ; the good humour of the police ; the jollity of the Mounted Life Guards-all these things rise before us. But this is not our goal. We cross the park, and, by devious routes, , familiar only to the habitué of London, travel round the crowd ; for every ' avenue that mikes towards the Abbey, the Houses of Parliament, and the Broad Sanctuary, is densely packed with an impervious mass of human beings. Our destination is thc lower end of Parliament-street, whore a friend hos offered us a stand in his balcony. We approach the junction of Parlia- ment and Bridge Streets. And now comes the tug of war. Thank God, our womankind were Bafely housed hours ago, or they would never reach the place. Elbows up, and shoulders for- ward, we make a dash into the crowd. In a moment we are sucked in as by a whirlpool. Lifted off our feet, wc are dashed hither and thither. Now a burly ruffian hurls himself on our back. Here a counter current seizes us, and whirls us away as a straw in a gust. Anon, we aro brought up sharp by a lamp-post, and, every now and again, under the terrific pressure of the driving multi- tude, our ribs crack, our veins swell, our eyes start from their sockets, our head grows dizzy. Finally, by a stroke of luck, we are hurtled, a crushed and tattered spectacle, into the doorway of the house we wish to reach. Ali ! how the memories of many such struggles crowd upon us, leaving unalloyed pleasures in their train. From our j coigne of vantage, we have now the privilege of looking down upon other people being mashed into jelly. Away yonder, a pick-pocket has been caught in the very act. Like lightning lie is seized upon by the crowd. He is hurled on high. He is tossed from one man to another over the beads of the populace. I He is dashed down, and trampled under foot. The police rush in flourishing their truncheons ; their blows resound right and left. Mounted constables follow, plunging their horses recklessly among the people, and at length the thief is rescued and borne off in custody. But now comes a regiment of Life- guards, every man a giant, gay in silver cuirass and plumed helm, mounted on coal-black horses, the cream of British ¡ cavalry. The crowd parts before them. The massesarejammed against the houses like wool in a wool-press, as tho Guards force their horses back against them and line the way. It is post ten o'clock. And now begins the stream of carriages, conveying the 9000 invited guests to the Abbey. The Duke's State coach, superbly emblazoned with bi: armorial bearings, drawn by a pair oi magnificent bays, standing fully seven- teen hands, the coachman mounted on scarlet hammer-cloth, and half a dozen powdered footmen hanging on to the foot-board. The thousand and one car- riages of every build, all horsed to per- fection, and irreproachably appointed footmen and coachmen in faultless livery. The tight little brougham, the private hansom of the bachelor officer, the modest hansom cab, all stream hy in endless succession, till, at the appoiuted hour, the road is mercilessly closed by the police to all belated comers, what- ever their rank. At the stroke of 'noon, the guns boom out, and fill the air with trembling, as the Queen, with her invariable punctuality, leaves Buck- ingham Palace. A quarter of an hour passes by, and expectation sits on every brow. The strainB of the Lifeguards' band reach the ear. The air resounds with distant acclamations. The head of thc procession approaches. And now file by troops of horseguards, dragoons, hussars, each headed by its band. Here are the Indian Princes, and the swarms of Grand Dukes and European serenities. Then follow in succession half-a-dozen Kings, each surrounded by a brilliant suite, each preceded and followed by a guard of honour. The procession seems interminable. Here come the great officers of State, the Ministry, the Master of the Horse, the Earl Marshal, the Heralds in all their panoply. These are the royal Princesses, the Queen's grandchildren. This carriage is full of the Queen's daughters. And now ap- proaches a sight that England has never previously matched. England's future King, in general's uniform, Germany's future Emperor, in his bard-won field marshal's dress, accompanied by the Queen's sons, and sons-in-law, ride on either hand of the royal carriage, and a swarm of the younger princes close in upon it in the rear. A royal body-guard indeed ! The carriage ¡9 a magnificent vehicle, the horses are eight such thoroughbred creams, as the world cannot elsewhere show. Adorned with superb trappings, they prance and plunge, each held in by a running foot- man in the Queen's livery. But the princes are scarcely observed, tho horses and their splendid caparisons pass almost unnoticed, for the Queen is the cynosure of every eye. Now the crowd beneath us gives tongue. Off go our hats, waving high aloft. The ladies' handkerchiefs by thousands flutter in the breeze. Hurrahs, and shouts, and cheers, resound from the people's throats, till the welkin rings again, and the air throbs with the vibration. OnJy___Br£tish throats can hurrah. Ana yêï it is'ötdy an elderly woman that passes by. Yes, my friend, that's just where it is. Wc don't expend our love upon a man. A nation may hob nob with a douce Jamie. It may writhe under the haughty eye of a handsome Charles I., till it rises one day and destroys him. It may groan under the levities of a Merry Monarch. It may respect the character and State-craft of a William of Orange. It may bave a warm corner in its bosom for bluff, obstinate, fatherly George III. But it idolises a Queen Bess, and its heart goes out in all its warmth and fulness to a Queen Victoria. Now, in imagination, we enter the hoary fane. We alight nt Wren's west- ern portals ; little in keeping with the rest of the Abbey, but, nevertheless, a splendid example of the fertile invention of thc great architect of the renaissance, barren as he was of all gothic feeling and devotion. On cither hand the vast nave are England's living greot, seated tier upon tier. A thousand peers in their robes, innumerable peeresses in all their beauty and splendour. The am- bassadors of all nations. Archbishops and bishops of the English church in their lawn. Representatives of the | Scots churches, and of all the great English denominations. Thc Papal j Nuncio, the Roman Catholic cardinals I and prelates in their vestments. Military and naval officers of high rank in their uniforms. The judges in their ermine. The Colonial and Indian representatives in their orders. The sheriffs of counties and mayors of municipalities. ^ AU the great m literàV ;ture, science, art, law. And, under .tho. pa^mer^^b^^reatest. Then, ns our beloved ^Sovereign, crowned, and in ber coronation robes, advances toward the sanctuary, the thousands risc as one, tho mighty organ peals forth, the enor- mous edifice trembles in unison. The liquid notes of the choristers rend the air. They leap from vault to vault of the fretted roof, and wander away in the distant aisles. And thc dim hollows echo and re-echo the Empire's anthem and prayer "GOD SAVE THE QUEEN." Io consequence of thc unusual pressure on our space several communications and items of neirs arc left over. At the Jubilee demonstration ia the Pastoral Society's Show ground our oldest inhabitant Mr. H. W. Risien, handed uri stairs to the Grand Stand a lady who took fart in the Jubilee demonstration of George V. The Rodondo, which arrived here on Monday, brought seventeen Kanakas from Maryborough, who are for the Yeppoon Sugar Plantation. They are now in the Depot, but will probably leave to day for their new homo. A Justice of Peace, resident in the country, writes complaining very much of the cheese- paring policyof the Governmentin determining not to circulate the Government Gazette gratuitously. While they have withdrawn the Gczrttr from public circulation they have also ceased almost entirely to advertise land sales in local newspapers. The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, offered for Bale by public auction in Melbourne last week, the Milton station, in the Port Curtis district of Queens- land, comprising 406 square miles of Crown lands, and 12,560 acres freehold, together with 10,000 head of cattle, horses, niant, stores, Sc., but owing to owner's expectations not being realised, the property was passed in for sale by private treaty. The wintry weather remains with us, and again we have to record very low readings of the thermometer. Within the twenty-four hours ending on Monday morning the mercury fell to 29 5\ and during the succeeding day to 31 °S°. No rain has fallen either here, or in any other part of the colony, since nine o'clock iu the morning, and if the tempera- ture has been as low in other places as in Rockhampton, the outdoor celebrations of the Jubilee have been favoured with splendid weather. I The members of C Company, Queensland t Scottish, assembled for their usual drill at the drill-room Fitzroy-street on Monday evening. There were present thirty-six men, three sar- geants, and one piper. Captain Gavin an- nounced that the various examinations for non-commissioned officers were highly grati- fying, and had given great satisfaction. Cor- poral M 'Leod was appointed Colour- sergeant to the corpB. The men afterwards were marched through the principal streets of the town before returning to the drill-shed, where they were dismissed. Mr. William Henry Paxton, lately of Mackaj, but now a merchant and commission agent, residing at 59 William-street, Colling* wood, off Simpson's road Victoria, has re- ported to the Melbourne police that between ]0 and ll o'clock on the morning of Saturday, the 11th. instant, the sum of £300 waa stolen from his house. Mr. Paxton is the owner of some warehouses in Queensland, which ara rented from bim by Messrs. M'Ilwraith, M'Eacbarn and Co., and the money in question was part of a draft sent him by them. He cashed the draft a month ago, and handed the money over, with some other Bums, making in all £1000, to his «rife. No particulars are given as to how the robbery was effected. The town bas been very quiet and orderly during the holidays, and very few inebriates have fallen into the hands of the police. On Monday two made their bow before the Police Magistrate. One who gave the name of William Parish, «as liberated with a caution, but Francis Strickland was treated somewhat itifferently though eventually be, too, gained his liberty. He having pleaded guilty, Mr. Litkin remarked "It ie such fellows as you who encourage blackguards to commit rob- beries. You had £13 in your pocket when I you were arrested, and I hope you will give j something for the security of it. How much i ia it to be Ï" " I will give 10s. to the Hos- pital," answered Strickland, and Mr. Lukin remarked "1 will discharge you then, and you eau give the 10s. to the lock-up keeper." I YcBterdayiherewereno cases at all for hearing. The British India Company's steamship Roma, from London ria ports, is due off Cook- town to day. She brings to the colony 421 immigrants, equal to 352 statute adults, who are under the charge of Dr. Led'ngham (Surgeon Superintendent), and Miss Mullen (Matron). 4 southern contemporary gives the following particulars concerning the Roma's immigrants -.-Nationalities : 23.1 English, 52 Scotch, 83 Irisli, and 18 from other countries. Classification : 65 free, of whom 28 arc English, 1 Scotch, and 93 Irish ; 313 r mittanceand free nominated passengers, 1C7 of whom are English, 47 .Scotch, 52 Irish, and 4C fi om other conntries ; and 46 full-payers. The assisted, free, and remit- tance and free nominated passengers paid collectively the sum of £326 towards their Íiaasaues or Bhip's kits. Occupations : 151 emate domestic servants, 22 farm labourers, 48 general labourers, 2gardeners, I mason, ll min. rs, 4 blacksmiths, 2 bricklayers, 7 en- gineers, 4 carpenters and joiners, 2 plombers, 2 painters, and 10 others whose trade or occu- pation is not spr- cified. 8ocial condition : 37 married men, 39 married women, 85 single men I59eing!e women, 42maleand42fema!echildren between the ages of 1 and 12 years; and 17 infants The Roma has thirty seven immi gran s f ir Rockhampton, including twenty one single women, one married couple, three single men, aud eleven children. Messrs. James Todd and Duncan M'lntoshi have been provisionally appointed lieutenants of C. Company, Queensland Scottish Rifles. The Rockhampton contingent for the Lytton Encampment arrived at the scene of the camp at two o'clock on Monday afternoon after a rough passage. Mr. R. W. Kendrick, who was Assistant Clerk of Petty Sessions here for several years,. and is now Police Magistrate and Clerk of Petty Sessions at Thargomindah, has issued a writ against the Tltargomindah Herald Company for libel. He claims heavy damages. In their circular of the 6th of May, Messrs. M'Ilwraith, M'Eacham, and Co., report that S28 bags and 1663 mats of Queensland sugar - were sold at auction on thc 3rd of the month.. Good brown ecmi-graining brought from 12s. to 12s. Gd., and soft yellowish syrups from Us. Cd. to I2s. but thc market was quiet. In the Supreme Court last week John A. Gavin, a creditor in the estate of A. Reid and Co., general ironmongers and dealers, of Rock- hampton, appealed against the trustee's rejec- tion of bis proof of debt, and an order was made for its admission, and the payment of the costs of the creditor and trustee ont of the estate. A special session of the Grand Lodge of Queensland was held on Monday forenoon, and concluded last evening. Owing to pressure we are unable to give a report in thia issue, but we miy state that the dele. f;ates-Mr. J. Craig and the Rev. S. Larkin, eave to-day by the Rodondo for Mary- borough. The Oddfellows gave a Jubilee ball last night in their ball, in Den ham- street. The interior of the building was gaily decorated with evergreens and flags, and there was an. excellent attendance. Most of the Oddfellows wore their regalia, and the room presented a most attractive appearance. Dancing waa kept up with spirit to an early hour thia morning. Irish dramas evidently have a powerful* attraction for Rockhampton audiences. De- spite the many other outdoor and indoor attractions last night) there was a larger audience at the School of Arts at the performance of " Con, the Shaugbraun "" than there has been since the Grattan Riggs Company appeared here. Pressure on our space prevents a more extended notice, but. the performance was an exceedingly good one-, and the audience, which completely filled the hall in every part, was greatly pleased with. the endeavours of the company to amuse them To night " Arrah-na-Pogue " will be pro- duced, and to- morrow night the new sen- sational drama, "The Shadows of a Great* City" Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Company re- port the sale of 399 merino wethers from., sold 1000 fat cattle from Coreena Station ;. Jimbour Station, at an average of 10s. 6d.; 180 merino ewes (rum Jordangan Station, at. from 6s. to 8s. 6d. ; 600 bullocks from Kolonga) Station : 230 bullocks from Tarampa Station; 609 female cattle from Nagowra Station £ and 14O0 wethers on account of Messrs. Mac- farlane and Applefield, of Toowoomba. Tho. Union Mortgage and Agency Company bare and 1500 female cattle from Cooinda and: Lochinvar Station ; 1000 steers from Wood- house Station; 100O store bullocks from, Noouduram ; 600 fat bullocks from Bre- warrina ; and 10,000 four and five years old wethers, from Dulacca Station. Mesare. E.. Newton end Co. have sold 500 fat bullocks, aod 200 fat cows from Fairfield Station¡ and. (on account of the Bank of Australasia)^ Tickencote Station, in the Maranoa District, with about 460 head of mixed cattle and ISO horses, to Mr. B. T. Harris. Messrs. Mac- dermott, Loughnan, and Scarr have sold 1500> bullocks from Richmond Downs Station-the seoond lot sold from the station this year. The Chinese residents of Rockhampton are going to pay their respects to the Imperial Chinese Commissioners who are now on an> official visit to the Australian Colonies, and during the next few weeks a document signe* by a Bection of onr Celestial population, in. which the distinguished visitors are welcomed to Australia, will be Bent to Brisbane to await their arrival there. No word has been re- ceived here that would lead OB to suppose the Commissioners will pay even a flying; vh»t to Rockhampton, and it seems probable,, iu the light of the transmission of the wel- coming address to Brisbane, we are not to be thus honoured. The petition, for it may be so styled, baa been prepared by Mr. R. Shaw, and is very artistically designed. It is his first attempt in this line, and shows that he ts likely to rank ere long among those who DOW share the public admiration in this connection. The petition proper is surrounded by a pretty. Boral border, and in the centre, at the top* and, foot respectively, are theCbinese Imperial and Chinese mercantile flags. The capitals, in the heading are gothic, while the .malt' letters are German text ; and the body of the paper ia in tbe engrossing style. The petition* expresses a hope that the inquiries ths Com- missioners are pursuing will lead to fruitful results, and bring about a closer intercourse - between the Chinese and the colonists of Aus- tralia. It speaks of the freedom the Chinese . j in Queensland enjoy under our laws, and refers with regret to the Anti-Chinese move- ment, which is " calculated to aliénete fron», us the good leeliogs of many colonists with whom we have lived in harmony, and greatly respect as a body." The concluding para- graph suggests that the poll-tax be imposed' only ou those who come to live permanently in the colony, and that it should be refunded to any who leave it again for the land of their birth. The petition is to be enclosed ia tv cabinet, and transmitted to Brisbane. The Committee of the Rockhampton Schoor j ot Arts met last week under the presidency of Mr. William Davis, and there were also present :-Messrs. H. Mills, S. Williams, E L. Hanna, and A. Meikte.-Thc minutes of" the last meeting » ere read and confirmed. Among the outward correspondence were letters to Mr. C. E. Mudie, of London, ordering £50 worth of books ; and to the» editor of the tt'iitc Bay and Burnell AYws requesting bim to contradict a statement made in that (journal, to {the effect that the School of Arts wo H not to be allowed to be used for theatrical entertainments.-The inward correspondence counted of the follow- ing letters: From the Colonial Secretary's OHice, forwarding a theatrical license for the current year ; from Sir Charles Nicholson, stating bc had foi «arded a parcel of books and pamphlets foi the library, including tbs Universal History (twenty-one volumes); from. Sir Charles Lilley, Becking the Committee's co-operation in thc establishment of a uni v. rsity iu QuceiisUud ; aud from Mr, Paul Hcighington, secretary and manager of the St. Maur Dramatic Company, asking the Committee to thank the Secretary for his courtesy during thc company's stay in Rock- hampton. A special vote of thanks was. passed to Sir Ch.ales Nicholson for his con- tinued interest in the institution, and for his last valuable donation ; and it vat decided to defer the consideration of Sir Charles Lilley'a 'c?uimuuication till a fotu re date.-The Vice-president was requested to assist thc Secretary in compiling the annual report, and this, with the balance sheet, is to be sent to subscribers in a printed form before the annual meeting, lt was agreed not to make any othor charge to Mr M'Mahon, the lessee of the hall, for the use of that building on the night of the Citizens'» ball to the Governor, than that stipulated io bis agreement : and to request the Committee' to have proper closet accommodation provided*, as soon as posible. The receipts for tba month were reported to be £99 3e. ld. and to- be thus composed : - Subscriptions, £2tV 6a. 10d. ; rent of hall, £40 10s, : rent of piano» XII 10a. ; rent of thc ground, £26 16s. 3d. Accounts amounting to £68 13s. 3d. were passed for payment. 