GOLDEN GEAIN. CITAl'TER XXI (CONTINUED.) i 1 turned round nEtor my song, risui< $ to loavo tlio pin.no, nnd tlio Earl cnuglit hold of my arm. His fnco wns . very pnlo, and liis lips qtiivovod. "I'lint Bonff, my doar ! ' lio said. 'Wlioro did you learn it,? Who taught you to play liko that ? ' ' My mother, my lord ! ' I said, ' sho nsod to sing it. I don't know that . sho over taught mo; lint I caught it .. from hor, I suppose; nnd it was in ono t of our hoolcs nt school.' ' Your mother wns a musician, thon, liko yonrsolf ? ' ' Oh, no ! Sho had a swoot voico, nnd somotimos — very rnroly — sho used to sing. I nm nfrniil I liavo olioson tho song inopportunely,' for tho tonrs wore standing in his oyes. ' It was tho most familiar ono in my head — thnt wns all.' 1 ' No, no! I likod it vory much. It v is a honutiful song ; hut it is ono that has' its memories for mo, that, is nil. You liavo givon us a groat tvont, my \- . - donr — lot mo thank you for it ! ' lie prcssod my hand and left tlio ... -room, and wo did not linvo anv moro music that ovoiiing. Lady Hilda anil . . hor mother and Harry gatliorod rbtuid mo, and tnllcod and asked questions about .tlio old Wnssoiihnnsor days, and my lifo thoro. And Mr. Fnirohild oco.upiod himself with a hook in a fur cornor of tho room; hut I could fool and soo tlint ho was wntehing, nnd listening — nnd not n word or look of rniiio oscnpod him. It wns very un- comfortable; hut I hoped .tlmt. I should got used to it in timo, or that ho would got tirod. Ho was alto gether a disngroonhlo, uncomfortnlilo sort of person, this Mr. Reuben Fair- child, nnd I was very thankful thathio v ; duties of minn would ho lilcoly to hring us much in contact with cncli other. I hnil had droams nhout him thnt fiist uiglit at Priory Park. Ho soomod to bo nn ovil influonco iu my lifo, somehow nnd in spite of tlio chnrming room nnd tho comforts of every kind tlmt surrounded mo, I could not sloop soundly. It was daylight, nnd tlio -birds wo'ro twitter ing in tho trees outside, so I got up. I lmd nover lost my habit of early rising, evon in London, nnd dressed nnd refreshed after plontiful cold water, was soon in tlio gardens, all Todplont with tho swoot scouts of onrly \- morning, nnd oloquont with tlio songs of. the walcing birds. Thoro was . 110 . ono nhout, nud I oxplorcd tho prnttv gnrdons and tho park hoyond for a good distnnco, till I found myself hy a . sudden turn in tho road close to tlio pool that had such an uncanny as sociation with it. I had not. hoard tho story as yet, hut it had something , , to do with doat.h nnd drowning, and it . wns a woir-dlooking piano oven on : this sunshiny morning. It wns much closer to (lie houso than I had an idea of. Tho wntcr canio tumbling found a rook thnt stood somo height, and was covorod with wild growth of slirnhs and vegetation, into a (loop pool tlmt looked hlaclc and unfntltbm- ahlo undor tho ovorhanging trees. It was a curious plnco, caused no doubt hy somo old formation 'of tlio river brink. And I stood looking at it, nnd thinking of tho story in con nection with it that Johnson had hinted nt — how sonicono had died thoro for lovo, nnd t'akon to Imitat ing tho plnco over since. Should I over sco her ghost, I wondered. I . thought I should liko to; it would ho a new oxporienco to mo, and I half re- . solvod that I would como down thoro , somo night and look for hor. ' A curious placo, Miss Onnshy ! ' I started violently. IVlioro' had Mr. Faircliild oomo from, that ho was standing thoro hy my side, looking as if lio lind risen out of tlio onrth. 'Yos,' I replied; 'it is a curious plnco. I did not know that you- wore . . horo. I thought ' 'Tlmt you wore enjoying tho beauties of naturo nil alono ? So you wore, hut you wore so absorbed in your own thoughts that you did not henr rao. I appronohod you liko any \- ..ordinniy lhqi'fnl. I assuro you; voii must lmvo beim 'thinking of - — ' ' I hnvo hep, n thinking of tho white : lady and her gltost,' I said. 'I should liko to soo her.' 'Oil you liavo hoard thnt story ? ' -'After a fashion. Johnson told me;' 'I .don't think flint poor lady of long -ago, -whoso very oxistcnco is 4, npochryphnl, is likely to trouhlo any ,»»ono much. 'Thoro lmvo boon othor deaths and other accidents hero sinco :jjor time..' ' Thnt is exactly what Johnson said. "What deaths ? ' ' You will horn some time. I dare say, up vendor. If you liko this place you and I will havo it pretty much l,o ourselves. Tho family don't alToct it. When lliev want to go 011 tlio rivor thov go to- tlio bond, down yonder.' I secretly resolved to como there 110 moro unless I was very woll assured that Mr. Rouhcin Ifaircluld was a goad many miles away ; and I turned to loavo tho place, emphatically de clining his offer of accompanying 1110 to tho houso. 'I linvo incurred your displeasure somehow,' ho said. 'I can soo you don't liko mo, Miss Ormshy.' . ' Wo cannot ahvavs account for our feelings,' I said. ' Wo need not cross oaoli other's path much ; our ways ho differently ordered, and nood not. clash.' 'Yot you would do woll, if you know it. to cultivate a httlo moro kindly fooling for mo,' lio said, with a curious mixture of warning and ontroaty in his C0110. 1 It might bo of service to you that you little dream of.' I hognn to think tlmt madnoss wns nt tho bottom of his eccentricities, for lio loolcod nt mo so oddly, as I 111- chnod my hoad slightly and loft him. I had pot gono many stops brfore I discovered tlmt I had loft my pookot- lmndkorohiof lioliind mb. I lmd drop- pod it, and forgotten to pick if up again. I could soo it lying on tho ground, nnd went hack for it. Reuben Faircliild was loaning on a rail that fonccij tho pool, communing with liim- solf so intently tlmt I10 did not soo or hoar 1110. ' If thoro is no Providonco thoro is a fatality in it.' I. hoard him say. ' ller child nlivo, and I with tho cluo in my hand! Thoso laugh that win, and I hold tho winning cards. Pride must hnvo a fall, my lord, and it's drawing nonror — nearer — and moro certainly ovory day.' . Ho was surely mail, for ho accom panied his speech with such a malicious hurst of uncanny laughtor that I beat a retreat as swiftly as I could, anil got hack to tho houso all aglow witii oxcr- eiso and oxcitomcnt, and a firm rosolvo in my mind tlmt my morning's outings should novor again ineludo nny spot wlioro I was lilcoly to oneountor Mr. Rouhon Fnirohild. CHAPTER XXII. I felt quite uncomfortable at tlio notion I had taken in my head about Rbuben Faircliild. Thnt ho was a littlo mnd I could not doubt, or why was ho so straugo in his miinnor to a person of whom ho know nothing? Ho either mistook mo for some ono or olso liis mind was not quite of tho riirht hnlannn. I wondered if any of tho family know it, or whether it had occurred to Lady Hilda to account for his oddities in tlmt way. I nrndo up my mind to nsk hor on tho first eonvnnioiit oppor tunity. Sho wns looking for 1110 wlion I wont hack, hnving stnyodo'ut longer than I was awaro of in my onjoymont of tho delicious air nud tho bright sunshino. ' I hopo I havo not disturbod any thing hy my erratic condnct,' I said, ' hut a sunnnor morning and fresh air aro a torrililo temptation to any ono who has boon pout up iu London as I lmvo latolv.' '0hno,'6ho said, brightly. '"Wo aro rather orratin about breakfast hero; uinmma says it is torrihly had form, and that wo must institute some thing liko regularity. But papa nnd Harry lmvo such a fashion of strolling ; away as soon as thoy got up, and com ing in ravenous at various hours, that sho says it is no uso, so wo novor wait for each othor. Sho nnd I breakfast togotlior. and thon we give the gontlo- mon tlioirs wltonover thoy como to it. There's only ono rulo, and that won't trouhlo you or mo much — there's no breakfast kopt nhout after ton o'clock. If Hurry misbolinves himsolf I10 just has to havo what ho can got.' It was all so delightfully homoliko and pleasant that I almost forgot Mr. Fuirchild and my disngroonhlo on eountor with him at tlio Pool, nnd my pupil and I wont in togotlior tp a cosy breakfast in Lady St. Colonih's morn ing-room. 'This is our sumuibr breakfast room,' sho said, aftor sho lind grootod mo as if I woro a child of hor own. ' "Wo like it bocauso it opons diroct on to tho lawn yonilor, and wo scorn al most out-of-doors in tho hot woathor. Wo throo aro going to ho very regular and woll-bohnvod, and breakfast to gether nt hal f-jiast oight, now that wo hnvo you with us.' It was nico to ho mndo ono of tlio family liko this, and I inwardly re solved to do all- in my power to deserve tho eonfideneo thus shown mo, awl to help with all my might in doveloping whatever musical powers Lady Hilda proved to ppssoss. ' Ilorb's a letter for you, my dear,' Lady St. Culornb said, rummaging tho lot tor-hag anil laying its contents be side tho plates of thoir owners. ' A heaj) for my lord nnd Harry, and ono for Mr. Fnirohild. Perhaps lio hns breakfasted ' ho duos so sometimes in his rooms, and thon wo won't sco him.' I honrlily wished thnt ho might havo done so — I had no desire to take a meal in liis company ; and tho servant, lioing asked, said I10 lmd, and had gono out immediately afterwards, whieh knowlodgo gave mo a bettor nppotito for my breakfast, and a greater onjoymont of my lotter, which wns from dear old Mndinno Lowcnthnl, and full of commiseration and wonder ment at my forlorn position. ' Como over to 1110. my child,' sho wrote-; ' you know what I can give you — hnrd worlj and small pay — hut .it will he n homo and safety, nnd somo timo you may loavo it for one of your own. I know ono or two young gentleman that would ho vorv glad to resume their acquaintance with you.' Dear old plotting Madame, she was right! Thoro hail been two or t.hroo Bpoetnclod light-liairod youths who oxpressnd wonderful admiration for 1110 ; hut £ think their ocstncios woro lirol.lv 01 mill y divided between luoaiul Dorothy Sondes, and that our musio more tlin.11 ourselves was tho attraction, after nil. ' Donr Miulnmo. how sho romnncosl' I said to mysolf. as I turnod again to hor loiter and found therein pjocn of uows — two piocos indeed— -Dut ono moro (lircetlv affecting myself. . 'You say yon are going to writo to Dr. Logrnngo.' sho wroto. ' If no thing settles itself- for you. and you do not como to mo. 1 would adviso you not to do no. that is, unless you aro very suro of what his answer will ho. Tlio doctor is ns mad as tlio maddost of his patients. Ilo has mnrnod ngnin — a girl voiing enough to lio Ins daughtor, and frivolous, nnd foolish to tho test dcgi'oo. ' I had tho news from Ins son, who onmo horo 0110 day with a party. Ho is Iravolhnff tutor or koopor. I call it, to tho son of a wealthy man, who hardly sooms to know how to spond his inonoyfast onough. TIE told 1110 of lus father's infatuation nlihost with tonrs 111 liisoyos ; :t has como bo- twoon thom, as a woman always doos botweon fathor and son undor such eireumslanees. Sho rulos lum with a rod of iron, tho young man says, and, will liavo nothing that sho doos not npprovo of dono in tho houso. Poor Dr. Logrnngo ! I was sorry to lionr that ho had fallen 011 such ovil times as thoso. For ovil I was suro thoy were, and I supposo my fnco showed thnt it was so, for Lady St. Colomb said kindly, 1 No had news, I hopo, Miss Ormshy ? You look sorious.' I started, for I had quite forgotten mysolf in this littlo glimpso of tho past, and apologisod for being so rude as to road my letters ovor tlio broakfast- tljlllO. J 1; ..-'"'That, is just, wlipro wo nil roajjjjjliom,' sho said, ' unless they aro unpleasant onos, and thon wp put thom away till afterwards. I hopo yours is not mak ing you sad ? ' f 'it ought notj to,' I said, with ft laugh. 'It tells ino of tho innrriago of my old friend, sDr. Lngvnngo, and of tho coining wodding of another, my dear school friend, D.iro'hy Sondes. I don't know whojhoi" you romombor lior. Sho showed; to tlio greatest pos sible advantage on that examination day.' j ' Tlio tall girl with dark hair, tho beauty?' askod'Lady Hilda, and I wns so glad to say yos.' Dorothy was so beautiful, .nndjl gloried so in hor lovolinos's. And 'sho wns going to ho married, Madnmg told mo, making a good match ovnjy way. Lady St. Colomb was so kindly interested 111 nil that concerned nip that I. told hor tho contents of Madipno's tetter, and wo o-nf iiifn o ivncin'nv nimitf. mv school life, and tilings that had hnp- ponod to mo at IWnssenhauser, thnt lusted till tho gontlomon enmo in, tlnshod and' hungry, to ho fed nnd wnitod on. There was to ho no talk of lossons thnt day, thoEnrl and Harry declared. I was to ho shown tho houso nnd mndo ncquniutcd with tho ways of it, thnt I might not lose mysolf when I wanted to wnlkjnbout in it. ' I (lo so lovo- roaming about tho houso,' Hilda said, wlion wo woro fairly started on pur oxpodition ; ' and for somo reason by othor I very seldom do. I boliovo somotimos it is thnt I nm afraid of mooting Mr. Faircliild, I10 is so odd.' ' j 'Do you think jho is quitosano?' I askoil hor, iu a lijw tono. Wo woro quitnjploiio, faraway from iny listening ears ; hut it soompjl to 1110 as if ho hud'tho poivor of horiving anything that wns said about him — I was eortrtinly absurdly afraid of him. 'I don't know. I liavo fancied somotimos that he wns not quite right iu his bond,' she replied in tho same low tono. ' Ono novor quite knows whoro to find him, and ho starts up in such odd places. I found him in this vory passage once talking to himsolf, and ho said to me quito distinctly that ho could spoil all my future lifo. I think ho is a monomaniac nhout some- thing, and ho fnnoios that something is horo.' ' Doos his lordship know ? ' 'Papa? Oh yes, I told hiin, hut I10 said I misunderstood Mr. Fnirohild, and, nnd I don't liko to think of it,' alio nddod, hastily. ' I wish hoAvns a thousand miios away, that I do.' \ So did I, with nil my heart, and I triod to put him out of my hoad and look about mo at all tlio vnluahlo things that soomod to ho ovorywhore about tho Priory. All tlio aneostry of tho family, Hilda declared, hack to tho ragamuffins who enmo over with' tlio Conquoror woro thero dopietod on tho walls. 1 Thorn are some nicer pictures in this room,' Hilda said, ' if i can open tho door — it is mostly loukod ? ' Tlio key was thoro, and sho ushered 1110 into a daintily-furnished room, with some splendid paintings on tho walls. I could lionr tlio rushing water; anil as sho drew up tlio blind I saw that tlio most honutiful view of the White Lady's Pool wns to ho obtained from tho windows. It was an ex quisitely situated room, anil I won- riGPAfl n In.i.ln flinf urmo nf 1.1m frimilv had appropriated it for themselves. It looked as if it had been unused for many years, hut it was scrupulously clean, though it had tho ovory nppear- nnco and smell thnt comes from a placo shut up for a long timo togotlior. Ovor tho mantelpiece thoro was a portrait, tho likeness of a woman — young, dark, and magnificently hand some, hut with haughty oyes, (.hat seoiued to rpgnrd wif.li acorn ovbry- j -tiling around lior. It was an odd f»ic- 'turo ; either tlio artist or tho sitter hnil been fanciful, thoro was nothing to toll what tho dross was, nor any elaboration of silks and satins. Tho fnco pooped out from a cloud of white laco nnd tullo, and ono shapely,' hut somewhat dusky hand grasped tho light drapory, and was seen ut tho bosom. It was sturtlingly real, and I j stood gazing at- it almost spell-hound. On tiie.iingor of tho hand was a ring, whieh struck rrio with a curious fooling of recognition, lint wlioro I had soon it boforo T could not toll — cerlninly not on tho flngors of anv oE tlio family, nor yot on tho hand of Rouhon Fair- child. Sho was tho occupier , of tho room. I somohow folt assured, and yot who was sho?. Various trifles, tolling of fominino occupation, lay about, Tint, all of a. bygone (Into. There was a pioco of wool-work of tho fashion of twenty years ago, or thereabouts, unfinished nud fftdoil, and tho fow hooks that lay thoro woro all of.lho Hnmo (Into. Thoro was music on . a stand and a piano, whieh no ono over touched now, Lady Hilda said. '/havo always a fooling that tho placo is haunted.' alio remarked ; ' and / d m't know whothor I ought to hnvo brought you to soo it, hut thoro is tlio host viow m tho houss from this win dow, nnd — ' ' Hilda, Hilda ! whoro aro you, my little one?' A voice oamn echoing through tho corridor, and Hilda clappod hor hands liko a ploased child, and answorod, ' Horo / am, m tho Oriel room, como along ! ' Sho was too much oceuniod wit.li. Lur I'piyn glndnoss to think of looking at mo', and I folt my colour coming nnd (going with strnngo rapidity. It was tho ' voieo of Hugh Morody th — tho voico that had thrillod to my vory heart tho first timo I heard it, and tho echo of whieh had novor diod out of my oars sinoo that day. How I loved him ! How mad and wicked I was 1 How should I hido mysolf and my in fatuation, that it seomod to mo ovory ono must dotoot? I could not liido now. In nnothpr momont ho wns in tho room, with liis cousin clinging to him and kissing him, hut ho was look ing past hor at liio, with surprise and pleasure in his ; oyes at (ho sight of mo. . CHAPTER XXIII. Pleasure! Yes, thero was un. doubted pleasure in the look that enmo to mo from Hugh Morodyth's frank brown oyos ovor his pretty cousin's shoulder, ns lio caressed and huggod hor. No wondor slio lnvod him. "Who could holp it? What woman could look nt him, and not wish that ' Heaven had mado hor suoli a man ? ' I wns crazy to think of him as I did. I know vory well, from what I had soon and hoard, that it wns to ho a family arrangement, and that, ho was to marry Hilda when sho was old onough. Harry, had said that ho was hoart-froo; hut from all I had soon sinoo I had como to Priory Park, thoro soomod 110 doubt who would ho his Thought is froo, and mino wont roving into all sorts of absurd and im- possihlo romances ns tho cousins ox- ohnngod greotings, nnd a fooling of discontent crept into my heart as my own louolinos3 contrasted itself with thoso swoet family tios. It was only for a momont. ; Hugh Morodyth turnod from Hilda to mo with out stretched hand. \ ' Miss Ormshy!;' lio said, and thoro wns a bronlc in liis voico as ho spoko. ' Is it really you?5 'Really, oousin Hugh,' Hilda said, ' isn't it nico to liavo hor horo ? ' 'I Blioulil think it vory nico if I tivod horo,' ho replied grasping viny lfand with a lingering clasp that sont tho blood tingling ail ovor mo, and mndo mo blush in a fashion tlint I (lospisod mysolf for, nnd yot could not holp. 'But how (|id it como about? I hoard of you iu London, toaohing — Hnrry told me.' ( ' I might linvo starved hut for him and his motlior,' I paid. ' I was teach ing till Lady St. j Colomb was good enough to givo mo a homo horo. I only enmo yestoi|lay.' ' And slio's going to stay horo always! ' Hilda said. Slip was quito as much a child is her hrothor was whoro lier feelings wore concerned, and oxnrossod horsblf as ononlv. ' Wo do like hor so ; J fool - as if I had known her nil niy lifo already.' 'You havo woA this littlo lassio's goodwill, it seoms,' Hugh said. ' I nm very glad to (bid you horo, Miss Onnshy — inoro glad than I oan toll you. Whatever lior ladyship takes in linnd she doos witji all lior heart nnd all her mind, and if sho nnd lior good husband havo rosolvod to make a, homo for you thoro will ho no half's measures nhout it j 'I think thnt I novor know what homo monnt lioforh,' I said, with my heart so full that liny voico qnivorod. 'I hnvo lioon Itoro hut four-nnd- twonty hours, arid I liavo loarnod now.' | ' Yes, tho Priory is Itomtr, is it not ? ' ho said, and thon turnod to liis cousin once more. 'What aro you doing horo. littlo ono ? ' ho askod. j'Thoy sniil you woro exploring ; hut — r-' ' But I had no |iusinoss lioro, is tlmt wlmt you moan, cousin Hugh?' 'To a cortaiu extent, yos. Your papa doos not liko this room open oftonor than is necessary." ' No. I know : hut I wanted to show Miss Ormshy tho viow of tho White jkjiidy's Pool, and tho pictures (.hero, tend tho heronry and ' 'Ami to look into Bluebeard's chamber for yonrsolf, oh ? Tlmro's somo ono calling you potf.io. Who is it ? ' ' It's papa ; I know I was to liavo found a pinco for him in tho file of tho Times, nnd I forgot it. Show Miss Ormshy tho Lnnthorn Turret, will vqu, Iliigh ? It is a pity sho should not. soo it now ; wo aro so close to it, nnd tho viow is splendid.' /remonstrated, for / thought, per haps, ho lind othor things to think about ; hut ho assented eagerly, and sho run away and left us standing in the Oriol room, witli its curious portraits and weird, forsaken aspect togotlior. f To be continued. J 