'SWORD OF DAMOCLES. 15Y MISS A. K. QKEEN. BOOK V.— WOMAN'S LOVE. ' XLV. ! ? 'thu. noun of six is sacued.' ' Mightior far : Than strongtli of norvq or sinow, or tho sway Uf magic jjolont over sun and stivr, '' ! Is lovo, though oft to iigonj' distrost, ? } And though its favourite 'seat bo foohlo woman's } brojwt.' Woudswouth. ! Jtwasnt tho closu of d winter afternoon. [ Paula, who had returned to Grotnwoll for tho ^ ill tho window of hor aunt's quaint little par J' lour. Her eyes wore on the Golds before her ; all rosy with tho departing rays of tho sun, !' butlicr thoughts were far away. They were ! with him she best loved — with Cicely, waiting i in patience for the solution of the mystery of the stolen bonds; with Bertram eagerly, but as yet vainly, ? engaged- in searching for the vanished janitor ; and last, but not least, with that poor, wrotched specimen of humanity | moaning away her life in a Now York hospi ;? till ; — for tho sight of tho Japha house, in a .: walk that day, had reawakened her most vivid : remembrances of Jacqueline. All that had ovor been dono and siifl'ered by this forsaken j creature lay on her heart like a weight : and the question which had disturbed her since her \ return to Grotcwell — viz., whether or not she i; 'ought to acquaint IW'rs. Ilamlin with the tact that she had seen and spoken to the object of her love and prayers — pressed upon her mind with an insistence that required an answer There was so much to be said for and agair.st ,, it. Mrs. ITamlin was not well, and though still able to continue her vigil, showed signs of ? weakening day by day. It might be a com fort to her to know that another's eyes hud .rested upon the haggard form for whose ap proach she daily watched ; that another's kiss had touched the scarred and pallid forehead sho longed to fold against her breast ; that the woman she loved, and of whose fate she had ,.\no intimation, was living and well cared for, though her shnlter was that of a hospital, and 1 her prospects those of the grave. On the other hand, the awful nature of the circumstances which had brought her to her ' present condition was. such as to make nny generous heart pause before shocking the love and trust of such a woman as Mrs. Hamlin, by a relation' of the criminal act by which Jac queline hud slain her child- tmd endangered her own existence. ' Better let tho poor old lady go on hoping against uopo till site sinks into her , grave, than destroy life anil hope at once by a revelation of her darling's reckless depravity. And yet if the poor creature in the hospital 'might bu moved to repentance by sonio word from Mrs; Hamlin, would it not lie a kindness Iri.to.tholatter to allow her, though even ut the ?j ' risk of her life, to accomplish the end'for which she indeed professed to live 1 ' , .Tho mind of Paula was as yet undecided)'1 '„' wuen a child from the vilLige passed the ?window, and seeing her sitting there, handed her a small package with .the simple message that Mrs. llnnilin was very ill. It contained, as 'she anticipated, the gicat key to tho Japha mansion, nnd- understanding, without further words, what was demanded of her. Paula pre pared to keep tho 'promise she had long ago made to this devoted woman. For though she know the 'usolossness of tho vigil pro ' posed to her, she none the less determined to complete it. Kusier to sit mi hour in that dark, old houso than to explain hoi self to Mrs. Hamlin. Besides, the tinio was -*ood for prayer, and God knows Lho wretched object of all this cure iifl anxiety, stod iu naej of all the petitions that might be raised for her. |- Telling her aunts that she hud acill to make ? iirihe vill.igo, 'slio glided hurriedly away, and ' 'ere she icali/.cc] all to which s-hewas committed, found herself ? standing,, in the now darkened streets, before tho grim door of that, dread , mansion. Never \- 'had 'it looked inorii forbidding; nover before had tlictwo grolosquo poplars cast a deeper ' shadow,' or rustled with a more woeful sound ,))irii the chill evening air. The very windows seemed to repel her with their darkened panes, ? behind ! which she could easily ima gino the spirits of the dead moving and peering. A chill, not unlike that of terror, as sailed her limbs, 'and it was with a really horoic action that she finally opened the gate and glided up the path- made by the daily steps, of her aged friend. To thrust the big key into the lock required another effort, but that ' onco accomplished, she stilled every tumultuous ' beating of her heart by crying under her breath 'Sho has done this for one whom sho has not seen for sixteen years ; shall I then hesitate, . who know the real necessity of her from this hour is made sacred 1' The slow swinging open of the door was liko an ushering into the abode of ghosts, but she struck ii light at once, and soon had tho satisfaction of buholding the dismal room, with its weird shadow resolve into its old and well rcmombered aspect. Tho ancient cabinet and stiff hair-cloth sofa, Colonel Japha's chair by the table, together with °^ tne other objects that had attracted her attention in her former visit, confronted her again with tho same appearance of standing ready and waiting, which had previously so thrilled her. Only sho was alonn this time, and terror mingled with her awe. , Sho scarcely dared to glance , at the doors that led to other portions of the house. In her present mood it would seem so natural f«r thorn to swing open, and lot upon hor horriliwl gazo the. stately phantom of tho proud old colonel or the gontler shade of Jacqueline's mother. The moan of the wind in tho chimney was dreadful to her, nnd thn faint, rumbling sounds of mico scampering in the walls made her start as though a voice had spoken. But presently the noise of a sleigh careoring by tho house recalled her to -herself,' and remembering it was but early nightfall, she sat down in a chair by tho door, and prepared Io keep her vigil with suitable patienco and equanimity. Suddenly she recollected the clock on the mnntel-piece, and ho»v she had seen Mrs. Kamlin wind it, and rising up, sho followed hor example, sighing unconsciously to find how many of the sixty minutes had yet to tick themselves away. ' Can I endure it? ' she thought, nnd shuddered as she pictured to herself the dim old staircase behind those doors, and the empty rooms above, and the little Bible lying thicker than over with dust on the yellowed pillows of Jacqueline's bed. Suddenly she stood still ; the noise sho had just heard whs not made by the pattering of mice along the rafters, or even the creaking of the withered vines that clung against the walls I It was a human sound, a clicking ns of the gate without, a crunching as of feet dragging slowly over tho snow. Was Mrs. Hamlin coming after all ? or — she could not formulate her fear ; a real aud palpable danger from the outside world had never crossed her fancy till now. What if some stranger should enter, some tramp, some — a step on the porch without made her hair rise on her forehead j she clasped her hands and stood trembling, when a sudden moan startled her ears, followed by tho sound of a heavy fall on tho threshold, and throwirg aside all hesitation, sho flung herself forward, and tearing open the door, saw — oh, angels, that rejoice in Heaven over one sinner that repenteth, let your voices go up in praise this night, for Jacqueline Japha has returned to tho home of her fathers I (To be Gonti/iiued.) 