JACK. (FOM THE CENTURY.) Jack was a Fairharbor boy. This might be to say any of several things ; bnt it is at least sure to say one — he was a fisherman, and the son of a fisherman. When people of another sort than Jack's have told their early story through the biography, the memorial, the obituary remains. Our poet, preacher, heuler, politician, and the rent pane on to this polite aeqnel which eociety had ordained for human existence When Jack dies, he stops We find tbe fisherman squeezed in'o some corner of the accident column : ' Worthed overboard,' or ' Lent in the fop," and that ia tbe whole of it. He ends juatthero. There ia no more Jack. No fellow. members in the Sncrot) for Soraethinz-or-NothinK paan resolutions to hia credit and the conaolation of hie family. No faneral diaconrae ia preached over him and privatoiy printed at the request of the parishionora Thecolumua of tho religioue weekly to which he did not aubeorihe contuin no .obituary sketches signed try the initiala of frienda not thongta to be too afflicted to Btieak good word for u dead man. From the PreBB of the neighbouring city tio thin memorial volume aacred to hia virtueB and atone- hiind to hia oefects abail ever ieaue. Juck needs a biographer. Such the writer of thin eketch would fain uepire to be. Jack waa born at sea. Hia father waa bringing hia mother home from a visit at a haU-sieler's in Nova Scutiu, (or J ack'a mother waa one of thoae homesick, clannish people who pine without their relatione as much -a eoroo of ua pine with them ; and even a half- aiater waa worth more to her in her fanciful and feeble condition than a whole one ia apt to be to bolder eoula. She had made her visit at her half- aister'a and they had tulked over raceipta, and com pared yeuet, and cut out baby thinga, and torued dresses, and dyed llauuel, and gone to prayer meetings together ; and Jack's mother was coming home, partly because Jack's father ourau for bor, >und partly because he happened to came sober, which wad u great point, aud partly because the schooner had to sail, which was another — ahe waa coming home, at all evente, when a gule struck them. It was an ugly , blow. The little two- masted vessel swamped, in abort, at midnight of a moonlight night, off the ooaat, just the other aide of aselug Cape Ann light. The crew weio picked up by a three-master, and taken homo. Aboard the three- master, ia fright, and chill, and storm, tbe little hoy waa born. They alwayH pat it that he waa born in Fuirhatbor. In fact, he waa born rounding Eastern Point. ' The toegheet 5 lace to bo burned in, thia aide o' Torment,' ack'a father said, hut Jack's mother said nothing at all. Jack's father kept sober till he got tho muther and the child safely into the little sirnmblinz, gray cottage, in half of whose meagre dimensions the family kept up the illusion which they culled home. Then, for truth compels mr, I must state that Jack'B father went etraigncwuy out upon what, in even leas obscure circles than his, it ie customary to call ' a tear.' There seems to be something in the savage, incisive fitness of this wotd which has overridden all mare distinctions of class or culture, and must ultimately make it e| clasaio in the language. ' I've stood it long aa I ken eiatid, and I'm gotn' on u tear— I'm a-goin' on a n ntarnal tear,' auid Jack's father to hia oldest tlury- mate, a fellow he had a feeling for, much us you would for an oar you hud handled a good many years, or perhaps a sail that you were used to, and had patched and watched, stud knew the cracks in it, and the colour of it, aud when it was likely to givo way, and whereabouts it would hold. In fact, that proved to be, in dead and trnth, an eternal tear for Jack's father Drank as a U.herman cnuld be— and that ia aaying a good deal— ha roahipped that night, knowing not whither nor why, nor indeed knowing that the deed waa done ; and when be came to himself he wua twelve hours out, on his way to the Hacks of Nnwfouualand ; and the young mother, with the bahy on her arms, looked out of the froaty window over the foot of her old bedstead, and watched for him to come, and did not like to tell the aieighboure that ahe waa ahort of fuel. She was nsed to waiting — women are ; Fairharbor women always are. But she -lad never waited eo loug before. And when, at tbe end of her waiting, the old dory-mute came in one night and told her that it hap pened falling ftotn the inner because he whs not sober enough to he up there, Jack's other said Bite had always expected it. But she bud not expected it, all the sumo. We never expeat trnuhle, we only fear it. And she had put the baby on the edge of the lied, and got upon her kueee upon the floor, and laid; her face on the baby, and tried to say her praiets — fur she wua a pious little woman, not knowing any hetter— hut found he could not pray, she cried eo, Aud the old dory-mate told her not to try, hut to oty at hard as she could. And she told him he was very kind " and ao ahe did. For she waa fond Of her hnehand although he got drunk ; because he got drunk, one ia tempted to any Her heart had gone the way of cue hearts ol drunkards' wives ; she loved in proportion to liar misery, and gave on equation with what he lost. All the woman in her mothered her haibaud when she could no lunger wifelt worship him. When he died she felt aa if he had lost her eldest child. So, aa I any, he kneeled with her face on the hafiy, and Cried as if she had been the blessedoat of Wives. Afterwards abe thought of thia with aelf-reproacb. She said one day to the eld dory-mate: 'When my tronble came, I did not pray to God. I'd ought to have ; bat 1 only cried at yyin.1 Jack bad come into the world in a atorm, avid Ho began it etormily. He was a big, roaring baby, aud he became a realieaa boy. His . mother's gentle and unmodified femininity was helpless before the problem of this wholly njaaoulloe little being. She id Jock needed a man to manage him. He tnoked at six ; he lived in tbe atablea and on the wharves at eight ; he came when he got ready,. and went wheo be pleased ; he obeyed when bo felt like it, and when be was patiiabed. be kicked. Once, in an imaginative moment, be hit her. ..... She lent him to pack mackerel, for they wata'pat to it to keep eoal and body together, ' and he' brought .home auoh habita of speech aa even the Fairharbor woman hod never . heard. From her, little boy, her'baby— not old 6QODgti (o bo oil of flhort trousers, atvl scarcely out of Utile sucks ; had he ben yours, ray lady ; at the pret'y age when «»ie still fastens lace collars round thehr nvck. end ba them ender shelter by drk, and hear their prayers, and challenge the breath of heaven feet if blow too rudely on some delicate forming fibre of soul or body— from her little boy, »t eight years old, the mother first learned tbe nbysiiea of vulgarity in a export town. It rnUHt b© a'fmi'tod that her edncntion in this respect had been defective. Sne hud always been one of the women in whose presence her neighbour did not apeak coo carelessly. But Jack' mother had the kind of eyes which do not see mire— the meek, religious, deep-blue e>e which even growing sons re® pect while they strike tbe tears from it. At hie wont Juck regurded her as itapeceB of sacred foot, much like henven or a hymn. Sometimes on Sunday nights he stayed at home with her ; h liked to hear her sing. She sang ' Rock of Ages,' in h©r best black alpaca, with her work-worn hands crossed npm fhe gingham apron which she pot on to save the dree. But ah, she said, Jack needed a roan to manage him And one dny when she said this, in spite of her gentle unconsciousness, or because of it, the old dory-u.aie 10 whom she eiid it said he » bought eo too, aud said if she hud no objection be would like to be that man. And the Fairharbor widow, who had never thought of eucb a thing, said she didn't know as eh© had ; for nobody knew, she said, how near to starving they had come, and tt was something in have a noher tnao. Soon this reasonsble basis Jack acquired a siep-father and his step-father sent him straight way to the Grand Banks. He meant it well enough, and perhaps it made no difference in the end. But Jack wns a little fellow to go fishing— only ten. His first voyage was hard ; it woe a March voyage ; be got badly frostbitten, und the skipper whs rough. He was knocked about a good deal, and had the meaBles hy himself In bis berth, and the men said they didn't know they had brought a baby to the Banks, for they were very bu-y ; and Jack lay and cried a little, and thought about his mother, and wiehed he hadn't kicked her, hut f«»rgot it when he got well. So he swaggered about among the men, as a boy docs when he ia the only o>>e in a crew, and aped their talk, and shared their grog, and did their hard work, and learned their songs, and came home with the early stages of morAl ossification as well set. in np"n bis little heart as a ten year-old heart allows. The next voyage did not mend the matter, nor the next. And though the old dory-mate was an honest fellow, he had been more successful as a dory-mate than he was as a step-father. He and Jack did not 'get on.' Sometimes Jack's mother wondered if he had needed u man to manege him, but she never said so, St>e was a good wife, and she had fuel enough now ; she only kissed Jack and said fhe meant it for tbe best, and then she went away and sang llock of Ages to the tune of Murtyo, very slow and quits on the wrong key. It Burned to make her feel better, poor thing. Jack sometimes wondered why. When he was twelve years old he came home from a winter voyug«« one night, and got his pay for his share— hoy's pay yet for a boy's vbare, but bigger thnn it used to br and did not go home first, hut went rollicking oiT with s crowd of Portuguese. It was a Sunday night, and his mother was expecting him, for she knew tho bout was in. Hie step father expected him, too — and his money ; and Jack knew that His mother had been sick, hut Juck did not know that; she had been very Nick, and bad askrd for him a great deal. There had been a bahy— -horn dead while ite futher was off-shore alter cod — and It hud been very cold weather, and some thing had gone wrong. At midnight of that night someone knocked at the dunr of the crumbling cottage. The step-father opened it; he looked pale and agitated. Some boys were there in a con fused group ; 'hey bore what seemed to he a lfn|p«a body on a drag, or bob-sled. It was Jack, dead dtank. It was the first time— he wa« only twelve— and one of the Ksirhnrhor boys took tbe pipe from hie mouth to explain: ' He was trapped by a Portygee, and they've stolb every cent of him, 'n' kicked him out,, 'n' left hitn stranded like a monk- fish, bo iue and the other fellows we harryed a sled and brung him home, for we thought his mother'd rather. Us ain't dead, bat he's jest as drunk as if he was sixty 1' The Fairharbor boy mentioned this circum stance with a kind of abnormal pride, as if such superior, maturity were a point for a comrade to make note of. Bnt Jack's step father went oat softly and shut the door, and said : Look h#re, lmvs— help m in with him, will you ? Not thai way. Hib mother's in there. 8be died uti hour ago.' And so tho curse of bis heredity came upon him. She never knew, thank Heaven. Her knowledge would have been a kind of terrible fore- omniscience, if she had, She would hive hud no hope of him from that hour. Iior experience would have left her no illusions. Tho drunkard's wife would have educated the drunkard's mother too liberally for that. She would have taken in the whole scope and detail of the future in one midnight moment's breadth, as a problem In the higher mathematics may rest upon tbe width of a geometricul point. But she did not know. Wo say— I mean it was our fashion of eaying — that she did not know. God was merciful. She had asked for Jack, it seemed, over aud over, but did notcumplain of him for not coming ; she never coinpluined of Jack. She said the poor boy munt have stayed somewhere to have a pleueunt tirue; and she said they were to give her love to him if he came in while ahe wus ualeep. Aud then she asked her husband to sing Rock of Ages' for her, because she did not feel very strong. He couldn't sing more than a hulibur, poor fellow ; but he did not like to disappoint her, for he thought she looked what he culled ' miter'ble ; so he eat down by the bed aud raised bis hoarse, weather-beaten voioe to. tbe tune of Mattyn, as best he could, and (nixed up two verses inextricably with a Hue froui Billy's ou the Bright Blue Sea,' which be added becuuse be saw he must have something to fill out, and it wus all he could think of— but she thanked him very gently, aua said he sang quite well ; end said once more that he wns to give her love-to Jack ; and went to sleep afterwards ; and, by-anu-bye, they could not wake her to see her boyinf twelve brought to her drunk, The curse of his heredity was upon him. We mby blame, we may loathe, ws may wonder, we may deBpair ; hut we must not foraet. There were enough to blame without remembering. Juck, like all drunkards, soon learned this In fact, he did not remember it verr well himself — not having been ac quainted with his father; and never senti mentalised overhimeelfnor whined for hia bad luck — but owued up to his sins, with the bluiuness of an honest, bad fellow. He was rather un honest fellow, in spite of ail. He never lied when he was sober. If the curse of his ancestry had come upon hitn, its compensatory temperament oume tuo. Jack had the merry heart ol tbe easy drinker. Born with his father's alcoholized brain- cells, poor baby, endowed whh tbetiarrotined coiitioieiice which this species of parentage bequeathe, he fell heir to the kind of attrac tiveness that goes with tbe legacy. He was a happy-go-lucky fellow. Life sat airily on him. He hud hi mother's handsome eyee daubed with his father's fan (for she couldn't take n joke, to save her ; he told a good story ; he did a kind deed ; he was generous with his money when he had any, and never in the least disturbed when he hadn t. He was popular to the dangerous extent that makes unit's vices eeem a kind ot social introduction, and not in Jack's circle alone, be it auid. livery orew wanted him. Drunk or sober, as a shipmate he wai at par. It was usually fu»y for him to borrow. The fellow made up nis fines for biro, there was alw.i>s somebody to go bail for him when he got before the police-court. Arrested, per h tptf, a half-dozen times a year in his maddest years, he tiev»-r was sent to the Hou«o in 'hie life. There were always people enough who thought ib a pity to let such a good fellow go to prison. He had— I was going to aay as a matter of coarse be had— curly hair. One should not omit to notice that ho was splendidly tattooed. He was proud, as seamen are, of his brawny arraa, dashed from wrist to shoulder with the decorative tugenuity of his claea Jack had esthetic views of his own, indeed, about his personal allowance of indigo. He had objected to the customary medley of anchors, stare, and crescents, aud exhibited a certain reserve of tante, which wis rather interesting. On bis left arm he bore a very crooked lighthonee rising from a heavy sea s he was, in fact, qutte Hooded along the blci pital muecle with waves and billows, but nothing else Interfered with the massive proportions ot tho effeet This was con sidered a masterly design, end Jaok was oftsn nailed upon to push up bis sleeve and explain how he came by the inspiration. Upon the other arm be wore a crucifix, ten liohes long ; this was tonobed with blood- ed ink ; the dead Christ hung upon It, letm end pitiful, Ji0ksa>d he took the wucifli I against hi drowning. It was an uncommonly J Urge and ornate ciuciAx. Jack woe a steady drinker at nineteen. At twenty-five be was what either an ioexpeci- euced or a deeply experienced leropertncn missionary would have called incurable. Tbe intermediate grades would have confidently expected to save him. Of course he reformed. He woold not have been interesting if he bad not. Tbe amnio- gated sot b&s; few attractions even for seafar ing society. It ie the foil and flash, tbe by play aud Bide'light of character that 'lead us ou.' Jack was always reforming. After that night when he was brought bc-me on the bob-sled, tbe littlo boy was as steady and as miserable at be knew bow to be for a long time ; he drew the unfortunate inference that the one involved the other. By the time his mother's grave was green with the scanty Fairharbor church-yard grass— for even the sea-wind seems to have a grudge against the very dead for choosing dry graves in Fair harbor, and scants them in their natural covering— by that time rank weeds bad over grown tha eorrow of the homeless boy. He and his step-father ' got on' lesB than ever now, as was to be expected ; and when one day Jack announced with characteristic can dour that he was going to get drunk, ii be weut to Torment for it, the two parted com pany ; and ihe crumbling cottage knew Juck tio more. By and bye, when his stepfather was drowned at Georges', Jack borrowed the money for some black gloves and a hat- band H had the reputation of being a polite fellow; tbe fishermen spelled it t-o- u-y. Truth to tell, tbe old dory-mate had wondered sometimes on Sunday afternoons if he had been the man to inauage Jack ; and felt thai the main object ol his second marriage had been defeated. Jack, as I Bay, was always reforming. Every temperance nociety in tnn city bad a band at him. They were of tbe old-fashioned, easy type which took their responsibilities comfortably They held him out on a pair of moral tongs and tried to toast his roisdemeunoure out of him, before a quick fire of pledges end badges; and when be tumbled oat of tbe tongs, and asked the president and treasurer why they didn't bow to him in the street when he was drunk, or why, it be was good enough for them at the lodga-room he wasn't good enough to shake hands wirh before folks on the post-office steps, or propounded any of those ingenious posers with which his kind ere io the habit of disturbing the benovolent Spirit, they snapped the tongs to, and turned hitn over to tne churches. These touched him gingerly. They invited him into the free pews— a dismal little row in the gallery— sent him a tract or two, end avked him a few well-meant and very confusing religious questions, to which Jack' replies were far from satisfactory. One ardent person, a recent convert, coaxed bim into a weekly prayer-meeting. It was a very good, honest, uninteresting prayer- meeting, and there were people sitting there brside hiui with clean lives and clean faces whose mottvee Jack was not worthy to understand, and he knew enough to know it. But it happened to be a foreign mission prayer-meeting, devoted to the Burmese field ; which was, therefore, be it said, not so much an argument against foreign missions, as a deficient means ol grace to tbe fisherman. Jack was terribly bored. He ran his hands through his curls, and felt for hia tobacco, and whispered to tbe young convert to know if there weren't any waits in the play so a man could get out without hurtiog anybody's feelings. But juBt then the young convert struck up a hymn, and Jack stayed. lie liked rhe Btnging. Hin reBtless hand some face tooK on a change each as a windy day takes on towards dum, when tbe breeze dies down. When he found they were singing ' Rock of Ages,1 he tried to Biog it too —lor he waB a famous tenor on deck. But when he had sung a line or two— flash ! down io one of the empty pews in front, he saw a thin old lady with blue eyes, sitting in a black alpaca dress with her hands clasped on her gingham apron. That's ray mother. Have I got tbe jim- jams ?' avked thin unaccustomed worshipper of himself. But then ho remembnred that he was sober. He could slog no longer after this, but bowed his head and looked into his old felt hat, nnd wondered if he were going to crjr, or get religion. In point of fact, he did neither of these things, because a very old church-member arose just then, and said he saw a poor castaway in our midst to-night, and he besought the prayers of the meeting for his soul. Jack stopped crying. He looked hard at the old church-member. He knew him: had alwava known him. The fisherman waited till that prayer was through —it was rather a long prayer— and then tie too spraog to his feet. He looked all around tbe decorous place ; his face was white with tbe swift passion of the drinking man. 1 1 never spoke in a meotin' in my life,' aaid Jack in an unsteady voice. 1 I ain't religious. 1 drink. But I'm soher to-uight, and I've got something to say to you. I heard what that man said, I know him. He's old Jim Crownoby, I've always know'd Jim Crownoby lie owns a sight of property in this town. He's a rich man, He owns that block on Black street. You know he does. You can't deny it. Nor he can't neither. All I want to say ia, I've got drunk in one of them places of his, time a nd again ; nod if there ain't anybody but him to pray for ray soul, I'd rather go to the devil' Jack stopped short, jammed on his hat, and left the meeting. In the shocked rustle that followed, someone had tbe tact to start ' Rescue the Perishing,' as the fisherman Btnde down the broad aisle. He did not go again. The poor young convert followed hint up (or a week or two, and gave him an expensive Testament, bought out of an almost invisible personal income, in vain. ' I've no objections to you/ said Jack candidly; 'I'm much obliged to ye for yer politeness, eir, But them churohes that sub leases to a rum-seller, 1 don't thiuk they onderatand a drinkin' man. Hey ? Well, ain't he their biggest rooster, now ? Don't he do the heft of the pray in', and thetaUestof their crowiu', consequent? Thought so. Better leave me go, eir. I ain't a pious man ; I'm a fisherman.' ' F shes,' said Jack, ' is no fools.' He gave voice to this remark one day in Boston, when be was twen y-five yeara old. He was trying to enfertain a Button girl ; she was not familiar with Fairharbor or with the scenery of his calling ; he wanted to interest her; he liked the girl. He had liked a good many girls, it goes without saying ; but this one had laid upon the Usiieruian— ahe knew not how, be knew not why, and what man or woman of us could have told him?— the power that coioes noi ot the reason, or of time, or of trying, or of wisdom, or of Tightness, but of the mystery to which, when ,we are not speaking of Jack , we give the name of love. It aeerns u Baortiege, admit, to write it here, and o these two. Bat then, again, it would be easy to be wrong. Theetudyof the relativity o» human fueling la a delicate ecienco; it calls for a fioe moral equipment. If thia wore the hith-water mark of nature for Jack — and who shall say? — the tide ehall have Us aacred due, even down among thoae weeds and in that mud He liked that girl, among them all, and her he thought of gently. He bad known her a long tune, as much as three months. When the vessel came Into Bosten to sell halibut, fie had a few days there, drifting about ae fishermen do, homeless and recklees ; dashing out the wuges just paid off, in ways thnr sometimes he remembered and sometimes he forgot, and usually left him without h dollar towards his next fine when be should be welcomed by the police-court of his Dative citv ou returning home. Jack thought, 1 say, gravely of this girL He never once took her name in vain among the fellows, and sbe hud not oeen a very good Rirl either. But Jack reflected that be was not very good himself, if you oame to that His downright, honest nature stood him in stead in this moral distinction ; there was always a broad streak of generosity io him at hie worst ; it goes with the temperament, we say, aud perhaps we say it too often to give him half the credit of it. Sbe was a pretty girl, and she was very young. She bad told Jack liar story, ae tbey strolled about the bright Boston streets on j comfortable winter evenings ; when he took : her to the varie y show, or to theoystanhop, and they talked together. Jaok pitied her. Perhaps she deserved it ; It was a sad littl« story— apd she was no very young. She had a gentle way, with Jack ; for some reason, God kuowo why. ahe had trusted hitn from the first, and he bad never once been known to disturb her trust. That was the pleasant part of it. On this evening that we speak of. Jack was sober. He was often sober when be bad an evening to epeud with the Boeton girl ; not always— no, truth must be told. She looked ai pretty as was in her that night ; she had black eyes and a kind of yellow hair that Jack had never seen crinkled low on the fore head above black eyes before | he thought her as fine to look at as any actress he ever saw ; for tbe stage was Jack's standard of the mag nificent, as it is to so many of bis sort. The girl's name was Teen. Probably sbe bad been called Christine once, in hex country j home ; abe even told Jack that ahe had been I baptised. I I wasn't myself,' said Jack ; ' I roared ' ua, n»y amihr ( do it. My mother got «« « church, for she was a pioo® pummelled the parson in tbe face with both fists, and ahe said ehecame away, for she was ashamed of me. She always said that enns- teuin' waan't never frval. It disappointed her, too. 1 waa an awful baby. ' 1 ahould think likely,' said Teen with candour. ' Do you set much by your mother? , .m ' She's dead.' aaid 'Jack to a snbdued vmce. Teen looked .cliioi ; .be had never heaid Dim apeak like that. . , , . ' I 'nioet wished mine wa.( e.iu tu® 8" » ' eb'd V b'en better oil — along oi mo. ' That'e eo.' aaid Jack. , Tbe two took a mm in ailence, np and down tbe brizhtly-liiihted aneet ; tbeir thonphte looked out etianitely 'J'f'f marred young faces ; they felt ' ® v in a foreipn country. Jack had meant to osk her to tuke a driuk, but be gave it up , ue couldn't eomebow. _ ' W.eyounlwayaaliaherinaii? aeked Tken, feeling, with a woman's tact, that eomeuody must chanim the current of tbe .abject. f 1 I wbb a fisherman three generation, u&clti; Jack auawered her; ' boined a fishermen, you bet I I couldn't V b'en notbin elae if 1 d drowned for it H'e a amart buaineaa. You hev to keep your wita about yon. Jfianea ia. ' Ain't they f asked 'the girl liatleaaly. She wa. coneciouB of failing in conve/aauoual brilliancy ; but the truth wa. abe couldn t get over what they had been raying; >' ' always unfortunate when ahe remembered h.r mother. Jack bB.au to talk to her about hia buaineaa again, hut Teen Old not reply , and when be looked down at ber io see wbui ailed her, there were real teara rolliDg over her nratty chtt-ka. ' Why, l'eeu 1' raid Jack. 1 Leave goof me, Juck,' aaid Teen, and let me.et off ; I ain't good company to-night. I've got the dumpa. 1 can't eutertuin ye, Jack. and Juck— dou't let'a talk about mothera next time, will we? It epoile the evenin. Leave go of me, and I'll go home by my own Bflf. fa rather.' .... ... ' 1 won't leave go of you I cried Jack, witb a rndden blazing purpoae lighting up all the cornera of bia aoul. It waa a white light, not unholy ; it aeetned to abine ihrough and through him with a aoft glow like a candle on ao altar. ' I'll never leave go oi yon. Teen, if yon'il aay eo. I'd rather marry you. 'Marry meV said Teen. 'Yea, marry you. I'd a eight rather. There, now I I t'a out with it. W bat do you aay to that Teen ?' Teen wiped away the tears that fell for her mother with one alow finger- tip. A ling on her finger gliaiened in the light bb ahe did thia. She aaw tbe eparkle, tore off the ring and daehed it away ; it fell into tbe mud, and waa trodden ont of eight blatantly. Jack aprang gaiiunily to pick it up. ' Don't you touch it 1' cried the girl. She put ber bared hand back upon hie arm ; the ring had left a little mark upon her fiuger ; ahe glanced at thia, and up into Jack'a band- eoine fare ; he looked very kipd 1 'Jack dear,' said Teen, eotily, ' I ain't fit to marry ye.' 'You're fitter'n I be,' answered Jack, man- fully, 'i'eeu eighed ; sbe did not apeak at once ; other tenia came now, but tbeae were teara for herself and Jack. Jack felt thia, after hia faahion ; they gave him eingular confusion ol mind. ' I wouldn't cry about it, Teen. You neerio't have me if you don't want to.' ' Kut 1 do want to, Jack.' ' Honest T ' Honest it is, Jack.' ' Will ye make a good wife, Teen ?' asked Jnck, after eonie unprecedented tbonght. 'I'll try, Jack.' ' Y ou'll never go back on me, nohow T ' I ain't that sort I' cried tbe girl, drawing hereelr up a little. A new dignity eat upon her witb a certain grace which waa beautiful to aeo. ' Will you awear it. Teen?' ' If you'd rmher. Jack.' ' What'll you awear by, now?' asked Jack. ' You must swear by all you hold holy.' ' What do 1 hold hely ?' mused Teen. ' Will you ewaar,' continued Jack, Berioualy; ' wili you Bwear to me by the Kock of Agea ' ' Who's that ? asked the girl. ' It's a hymn tune. I want you to atvear me by the Kock of Ages that you'll be that you aay you will to me, Will you do it, Teen ?' 'Oh, yea,' aaid Teen, 'I'll do it. Where shall we come acroot one?' 'I guess 1 can find it,' Jack replied. 'I can find 'moat anything I aet out to.' So thev started out at random, in tbeir reckleaa fashion, in the great city, to find tbe Kock of Agea for the asking. Jaok led hia companion hither and yon, peering into churches, and veatriea, and miBsiona, and wherever he eaw aigna o' aacred thinga. Singing .tliey heard abuu- daritlv in the gay town ; aonge merry, mad, and ead ; but not the song for a girl to awear by, tha>. she would be true wiie to a man who trusted her. Wandering thus, on the strange errand whose pathos was so far above their owu dream or knowledge, they chanced at last upon the place, and the little group of people known in that part oi Boston aa Mother Mary's meeting. The girl aaid she had been there once, but that Mother Mary was too good for her ; she waa one of thereat kind. Everybody knew Mother Mary, and her hnsband ; bo wae a par- son. They were poor folks themselves, Teeu said, and understood poor folks, and did for them all the year round, not clearing out like rich ones when it came hot weather, butHtood by 'em, Teen said. Tbey kept the little room open, and if you wanted a prayer you went in and got it, just as you'd call for a drink or a sapper ; it was always ou hand for yon, and a kind word sure to come with it, und you always knew were to go fur 'em ; and Mother Mary treuted you like folks. She liked her, Teen aaid. If she'd been a different girl, she'd have gone there of a oold night all winter. But Teen said she felt ashamed. ' 1 guess abe'll have what I'm after,' said Jack, ' She sounds like she would. Let's go and see.' So tliay want into the quiet plaoe, among the praying people, and stood ataring, for they felt emburrassed, Muther Mary looked very white and peaceful ; ahe wae a tall, fair woman; ehe wore a black dress with white about the hoaom ; it waa a plain, old drese, much mended. Mother Mary did not look rich, aa Tren had said. The room was filled -uti poor creatures gathered about her, like net children, while ahe talked with them and taught them as she could. She crossed the room immediately to where the young mau stood, with the girl beside him. ' We've come,' aaid Jack, ' to find the Rook of Agea.' He drew Teen's hand through his arm, and held it for a minute; then, moved by some Gue instinct mysterious to bimBell, be lifted aud laid it in Mutber Mary's own, ' Explain it to her, ma'am,' ho said ; ' tell her, won't you. I'm going to marry her if she'll have me. I want her to swear hv aomethin' holy she'll be a true wife to me. She hadn't anything particularly holy heraelf, and the holiest thing 1 know of is the Rock of Ages I've heard my mother sing It. She dead. We've hem huntin' Boeton over to- night after the Kock of Ages.' Mother Mary wub used to the pathos of her aober work, but the tears sprung now to her large and gentle eyee. She did not speak to Jack— could not possibly, just then ; but, delaying only for the moment till she could command heraelf, she flung her rioh, maternal voice out upon the words of the old hymn. Her husband joined her, and all the people present ewelled the chorus. Rook of Avas. olelt lor mo I Lot ma hlaemyioU lothts; Bo ol Bin the double ouro ; Cleanse mo Irom I'o guilt and p .wer,' rhey sang it all through—the three verses that everybody kuows— end Jaok and Teen stood listening. Jack tried to sing himvelf ; but Teen hid her face, and cried upon his arm. ' Thou must save,' sang the praying people ; ' Thou must eave, and thou alone )' The strain died solemnly the room was i quiet : the minieter yonder began to prav. and all the people bowed their heads. But Mother Mary stood quite BtiU with Ihe girl's hand trembling in her own. . 'Swear it, Teen?' Jack bent down his ourly head and whispered ; he would not shame his promised wife before these people. 'Swear by that, you'll be true wife to me?' ' I ewaar it Jack,' sobbed Teeo. If thaCt the Rook of Ages, I swear by it, though I was todis for it, I'll beau honqsc wire to you,' ' Come baok when you've got your licence,' aaid Mother Mary trolling through her tears, ' and my husband will marry you if you want him to.' ' We'll come to morrow,' Jack answered gravely, ' Jack,' said Teen In her pretty way— for she bad a very pretty way—' if I'm an honest wife to you, will you be kind to me ?' Sbe did not atk him to awear it by the Rock of Agei. She took hie word for it, poor thing. Women da Mother Mary'a hnsband married them next jay at the Mission meeting ; ; and Mother Maty eat down at the melodeon in Ihe corner of the pleasant place, aud played »nu i aang Toplady'a Rreat hjuin for them, 08 Jack da asked ber. It was bia wedding march, tie wae very sober and gentle— almost ii»e B better man. Teen thought him the band- someet man ahe bad ever seen. 'Oh, I eay, Teen,' be nodded to her.aB tbe> walked away, ' one thing I forgot to toll you — I'm reformed.' 'Are you, Jack? , , , ' If I ever drink a drop again, SO help me— Bat he stopped. „ , , , ' So help you, Bock of Ages ? asked the new-made wife. But Jack winced ; be was honest enough to hesitate at this. ' I don't know'e I'd daret — that , he added, ruefully. ' But I'm reformed. 1 have lost all hanker for liqaor. 1 shall never drink again. Yon'il tee.' . Teen did see, as was to be expected, one saw a great deal, poor thing. Juck did not drink— for a long time; it waa nearly five mouth#, for tbey kept close connt. He took her to Fairharbor, and rented the old half of the crumbling cottage where hie mother need to sit and watch for him on long, late even ings. The yonng wife did the watching n0' They planted some cinnamon rose-bushes by the doorsteps of tbe cottage, and fostered them affectionately. Jack wbb as happy and sober as possible to begin witb. He picked the cinnamon rosea and brought them in for hia wife to wear. He was proud to have a home of his own— he had not expected to ; in fact he had never had one Bince that night when his mother said tbey were to give her love to him, if he came home while she waa asleep. He lmd beaten about so, steeping for the most part in his berth, and Bailing again direcily ; he had never had any place, be said, to hang his winter clothes in ; closets and bureaus seemed treasure-houses to him, and the kitchen fire a luxury greater than a less good-looking man would have deserved. When he cams home, drenched end chilly, from s winter vmage, and Teen took the coverBoff, and ihe fiery heat of the coals leaped ont to greet him, and ib# etood In the rich colour, with her yellow hair, young and fair and sweet ae any men's wife could look, and eaid ehe bad niiesed bim, end called him ber dear husband, Jack even weut so far as to feel that Teen wae the luxury. He treated ber accordingly ; that wae at first. He came straight home to her ; he kept her in flour and fuel ; she had the little things and the gentle words that women need. Teen was very fond of him. This was Ihe firBt of il— I was going to say this was the worst of it. All there was of Teen seemed to have gone into her love for Jack. A part of Jack bad gone into his love for Teen. Teen waa very happy, to begin with. Tbe respectable neighbours came to see her, and eaid, ' We're happy to make your acquaintance.' Nobody knew that it bad not alwnyB been so; that Teen's acquaintsnce would have been a source of Bociul happiness. And Bhe wrote to her mother that ehe was married ; and her mother came to make her n little visit ; and Teen cried her soul out for joy. Sbe was very modestaud home keeping aud loving ; no wife in the land was truer than thiB girl be had chosen was to tbe fisherman who chnae her. Jack knew that. He believed in ber. She made him happy, and therefore ehe kept him right. All thiB wbb st first. It did not last. Why should we oxpect that, when we see how little there is in the relation of man and woman which lasts ! If happy birth and gentle rearing, and the forces of what, we call education, aud tbe silken webs of spun re finements are so strained in the tie which requires two who cannot get away from each other to make each other happy, how should we ask, of the law of chances, the miracle for Teen and Jack ? There was no miracle. No transobBtantia tion of the common bread to holy fleeh was wrought upon that poor ultar. Their lot went, the way of otberlote, with the facts of tbeir history dead against them. Trouble came, and pnverty, und children, and care, and distaBle. Juck took to his old ways, and h'B wife to the teats that the; bring. The children died ; they were poor eickly babies who wailed a little while in her armH, and slipped ont because there wasn't enough for them to stay. And the grey houae waa damp S"me said it was diphtheria, but tbeir mother Baid it was the will of God. She added, might His will be -done I On the whole sbe wbb not sorry. Their father struck her when he was in liquor. She thought if the babieB lived, they might got hurt. A month before the last one was born she showed to Jack's biographer a bruise across her Bbouider, long and livid. She buttoned her drees over it with hostv repentance. ' Maybe I'd oughtn't to have told,' Bhe said. ' But he raid he'd be kind to me.' Juck was very sorry about this when he was sober. He kissed his wife, and bnught a pair of pink kid shoes for the baby, which it never grew large enough to wear. I am not writing a temperance story, only the biography of a fisherman, and a few worda will say better than maoy how it was. Alcoholised brain-cells being one of the few bequests left to society which tbe heirs do not dispute. Jack went back to his habits with the ferocity that follows abstinence. Hard luck came, Teen was never much of a housekeeper ; Bhe had left her mother too early ; had never been taught. Things were eozgyt and not always clean ; and she woe so busy in being struck and scolded, and in bearing and burying babies, that it grew comfortless beside the kitchen fire. The last of the illusion which had taken tbe name of home within the walls of the crumbling half-cottage withered out of it; just as the oinnamon rosea did the summer Juck watered them with whiskey by a little emotional mistake. A worse thing had happened, too. Some Bhipnaate had ' told' in the course of time ; and Teen'e pre matrimonial story got set adrift upon the currant — one of the cruelest currents of its' kind— of Fairharbor gossip The respectable neighbours made ber feel it, as only respectable neighbnurs do Htich things Jack, raginz, overheard her name upon the wharves. Teen had been ' that she said sbe would' to him. He knew it. No matron in the town had kept her life or heart more true. In all ber sickness and trouble and slackness, and in going cold or hungry, and in her vivid beauty that none or all of these things could quench, Teen had carried a sweet dignity of her own as the rncer in the old Promethean festival carried the torch while he ran Bgainst the wind. Jack knew— oh, yes, he knew. Bnt be grew eulien, suspicious, When he was drunk he was always jealous ; it began to take that n. When he was sober he etill admired hie wife ; sometimes he went so fur bb to remember that he loved her. When this happened, Teen dried her eyes, and brushed her yellow hair, and washed up the kitchen floor, and made the coffee, and said to tbe grocer when ehe paid for the sugar : 'My hnsband has reformed.' One night Jack came home unexpectedly ; a-ftr?'jRe mood sat upon him, which his wife did not find herself able to olaesify by any of the instant and exquisite perception# which grow, like new faculties, in wives. He had been drinking heavily when he left her, and ehe had not looked for kim (or days ; if he Bailed as he was, it would be a matter of wt-eke, Teeu went strsioht to him i» th-ugbt he might be hurt ; ehe held out her arms aa she would to one of her children ; but be met her with a gesture of indifference anc 'she shrank back, ' jibe's here,' said Jack, ' Mother Mary's in this — town. I see her.' ' I wish she'd talk to you,' said Teen, saying precisely the wrong thing by the fatal instinct which so often possesses drunkards' wives. 'You do, do you?' quoth Jaok, Well. I don t. I haven't give her the chance. He crushed on his hat, and stole oal of the hoase again. But his mood wae on him yet ; the dif feraiice being that hia wife was our of it. He sulked and skulked about the stre s alone for a while ; he did not go back to tbe boye just then, but wandered with the apparent atmleseness ra wbioh the most tenacious atme are hidden. Mother Mary and her husband were holding sailors' meetings in the roughest quarter of the town. There was nerd enough of Mother Mary in Fairharbor. A crowd had gathered to heBr tbe novelty. Fairharbor seamen were none too nsed to being objeoia of consideration ; it was a matter of mark that a parson end a lady should hire a room frem a rioh fish-farm, pay for it ont of their own scanty pockets, and invite- one in from deck ot wharf, in one a oil-clothes or jumper, to hear what a messmate of Jack's called ' high-toned P.'''' meant, perhaps, to convey tbe politel? P®«tlon treated the audience Jaok followed tbe crowd ia the dark, ehrinking in- its wake, for he was now enough not to feel like him. He waited till the hat of the follows be knew had zone into the Shoe and then orept up on tiptoe, and put is face against the window of the salt-cod warehouee where the little congregation was gathered, and looked in. The room was full and bright It wore that same look of peace and shelter whloh ht remembered. Mother Mary s ood aa ehe had stood berore. tall and pale, In her black dress with the whits cover ing on her bosom Her hnsband had been speaking to the fishermen, and she, as Jack pot his gnarled band to bis excited eyes, and bis eyes to the window-glssb, turned her face' lull —.Ui, lOaUMt tbe biuglilg. dug ncwai to Jack to look at him. ' Her look was Bad. He felt aBbamed, and cowered down below tbe window-sill. Bnt he wanted to hear her sing— he had never beard anybody sing like Mother Mary — and eo he staid there for a little while, cnrled against the fish-honee. It began to rain and he waB pretty wet ; bnt Jack waa in his jumper, aDd a ragged old jumper at that ; he knew he was not so handsome as he used to be ; he felt that, he cat a poor figure even for a drunken fisher man ; all tbe self- respect that life had left him shrank from letting Mother Mary see him. Jack would not go in. A confused notion came to him, as he crooched against the warehouse, in tbe ehowers, that it was just as well it ehculd rain on him ; it might wash him. He pushed up his sleeves, and let the rain fall on bis armB, He found an old Cape Ann turkey box there was lying abont, tamed it edgewise eo that one ragued knee might rest npon it, and thaB bring his eye to a level with tbe window sill, while yer. he cnnld not be seen from within. So he crouched listening. Tbe glimmer from the prayer-room came across the fisherman's hared right arm, and strnck the crucifix. Ja h bad the nnconecions attitude of one sinking, who had thrown np his arms to be saved. Tbe Christ on the crucifix looked starved and sickly. Jack did not notice the crucifix. At this moment, Mother Mury s yearning voire rung out above the hoarae cboruB ol the fishermen, whose weather- ragged and re verent faces lifted themselves mistily before her, bs if they had been the countenance of me helpleBB man : 1 Rock of Ages, cleft for tne 1' ' Oh, my God 1' cried Jack. It waa the next dsy ihat some one told Mother Mary, at tbe poor fcosrding-honse where Bhe staid, that a woman wanted a few words with ber. The visitor waa Teen. She waB worn and wan and sobbing with excite ment. Her baby was soon to be born. She did not look as if she had enough to eat She bad come, ahe eaid, jest to see Mother Msrv, just to tell her ,for Jack never would tell himeelf, bntsbe was sore her hushnnd had reformed ; he would never drink again ; be mrBnt to be a sober man ; and Mother Mary ought to know she did it, for Bhe did, God bless her ! ' I've walked all this wsy to bleesyoa for myself,' said Teen. ' I ain't very fitforwwlkiii ' nor I can't efford a ferry-ticket, for he didn i leave me nothin' on thiB trip, but I've come to hlees yon. My hushnnd come to yonr meetin,' Mother Mary, by himself, Jack did. He never goes tonomsetin's— nobody couldn't drove him ; bnt he crime to youre, because he says yon treat a man like folkB, and he wiuldn't go inside, lor he'd h'en drinkin' and he felt aeham'ed. So he set ontside upon a box behind tbe winder and he peeked in. And he said it rallied on him while he aetpeekin', for he wanted to get a look at yon, And he come home and told me, fur we'd bad some words beforehand, and I was glad to see hitn. I was Bettin' there and cry in' when he come. " I wouldn't, Teen," says he, " for I've seen Mother Mary, and I'm reformed," says he. So he told me how he set npon the box nnd peeked. He says you looked straight at him. He saye you Btood np very tall and hind of white. He says yon read something ont of a booh, and then yon sang to him. He says the song yon sang was Rock of Ages, and it made him feel so bad I bad to cry to see him. He come in and he got down on the lounge against our window, and he put hia hnnd acroat his eyes and groaned like he wos hnrted in an accident. And he says, " Teen, I wished I was a better man." And I says, " Jack, I wisned you was." And he says, "I lost the hanker when I heard her sing the Rock of Ages, and if I lust tbe hanker, I could awear off." So I didn't answer him, for if I Bays "do swear off," he'd just swear on — they won't, yon know, for wives. But I made him a cup of coffee, for I didn't know whnt else to do, and I brought it to him on the lounge, and he thanked me. "Teen," he Bays. "I'll never drink a drop again, bo help me, Mother Mary I' And then be kissed me, for they dou't, yon know, after you've been married. And he's gone out hsddockin', but we pnrted very kind. And so I come to tell you, for it mayn't be many days that I could walk it, and I've been that to him bb I said I should, aud I thought you'd better know,' 1 You've had no breakfast,' answered Mother Mary, 'and you've walked too far, Here, stop at the Holly Tree bb yon go home ; list a bowl of soup : at d take tbe ferry back. There, there 1 don t cry quite so hard. I'll try to Btay a little lonzer. I won't leave town till Juck comes in. It tnkes the Rock of AgeB to cure the hanker, Teen. But I've seen older men than he is stop as if ther had been stopped hy a lasso thrown from heaven. If there'e any save in him,' added Mother Mary below her breath, ' he Bball have his chunce, this time.' He went aboard sober, and Bober he stayed He kept a good deal by bimBelf, and thought of many thinzs. His face naiad out and refined, as their faces do, from abstinence ; the ghost of hiB good looks hovered about hjm ; he mended np his clothes ; be did a kind turn to a mesBmate now and then ; he told some excellent clean stories, and raised the spirits of the crew ; he lent a dollar to a fellow with the rheumatism who had Bn indebtedness to liquidate for medicine. When he had dono this, he remembered that he had left his wife without money, and said aloud : ' That's a — — mean trick to play on a woman,' He bad bad lack, however, that trip ; his share was smnll ; he made 7dol. and 27c. in three weeks. This was conceded hy the orew of tbe fishing schooner ther name waa the Destiny) ro 6s becanae Jack had, ' sworn off It is a superstition among them. One unfamiliar with the lives of these men will hammer oold iron if he thinks to persnade them that mm and luck do not go together ; or that to 1 reform' does not imply a reduc tion of personal income. You might as well try toput the fishermen's fiat into a Honiton lace jumper, as the fisherman's mind into proportion upon this point. - Therefore Jack took his poor trip care- lessly ; it was to be expected ; he would ex plain it to Mother Mary when he got in. He drank nothing at all ; and they weighed for home. (t > bk cohohjdkd ik odtt kxxt.) 