llMHlanRpcr in Exile. ■ "General Boulanger, like,. 'Batiquo's' igliost, willjiiot 'down,' especially ut tlio bid ding of tlio opportunists," writes a correspon dent of the Boston Advertiser from Clermont. " The Chambers having adjourned until tlio autumn, there on bono ministerial crisis, at least l'or the uoxt two or three months, and consequently ' the Boulnngor question' -will romain unsolved-for" ii long tinio to eoiuo. But when tho prosent Cabinet does fall, aa it must sooner or later in the very nature of thing's, then this irrepressiblo General is sure to bo onoo more tho apple of discord in tho Trench Robublioan camp and a sourco of disquietudo to all Europe. Aud then-will bo witnessed again tho confusion aud bitterness and dan gers that characterised publiq life in this country during tho month of .Mayjlast; . ' , J.v \- "Honeo it is thai everything;relating to. this centring man ii of ! peculiar ihterest, and; honce ibis that I; run down from tlio"metro polis to spend a day in tho capital of Auvorgne' tlio headquarters of tho Thirteenth Army Corps,, in order to study tho ' people's idol' in his new; surroundings.. ; .. ClOrmont offers the usual. slovonly ap pearance of a provincial French town; dirty wliito walls, surmounted; by tilos and chininoj'-pots ou glaring1 red housos, ugly and uncomfortable, never homes, people elow stupid, and sadly in need of soap, and streets which twist and squirm about like a nest of snakes. ; . " 1' shook off these gloomy fiougVs rind turned my stops toward tlio military head-' quarters. Before I could oomo into tho great presence, I was obliged to .pass numorous stolid tontries, little sallow^faced moii in blue coate aud ugly, ill-fitting trousers, who stared at mo blankly and lookod as if tliey wore worth just about tlio salary they receivo—one cent per day. Then I was stopped by a group of officers, ftno-looking, soldierly men, who wore a most brilliant aud tisteful' uniform, and finally I found myself in eiiargo of an uidu-do-oamp, who lojeiral my card, and, after presenting it, returned, and bowitig. politely, said: 1 Tho ,GonoraI will receivo yon,' sir.' It was with no liHlo embarrassment that I now found myself standing betoro the inan, who, for all wo know, is destined ero long , to lead ,tlie armies of lYunce on to victories yet undreamed of. I had seen General Boulanger bofovo at various state recoptions in Paris, but on such occasions ho had always appeared in full military uniform and had seemed to be on exhibition. Now I was, as it were, standing j behind tho scenes whero I conld study this remarkable man in an everyday light. "There ho is without his ribbons and stars, and without either sword or spur, no magnificence, no posing, he whose name is sounding now in stirring songs through every part of Franco, tho peoplo's idol, tho man of all Europo most talked of, read of, loved, hated, and ridiculed—General Boulanger; there ho sits in citizen's dress, working quietly at a table littered over with papers in an unpretentious olHce. Ho wore a light, buff-colored suit, very stylishly made, wliicli showed off to porl'ojtion his lino figuie and splendid proportions. Though not tall, ho has tho build of an athlete, and, while tho lines of his body are easy and graceful, yet they show thatmnseles of ntsellie beneath. He lias brown hair, showing hardly a truco of ' gray, iu spitu of his fifty years, and brushed nhnrply l>aok from tho forehead, the part being near tho middle, which arrangement, as well us tho eyeglasses worn wliilo ho rends gives hiin a scholarly nir. On tho whole, ho impresses j-on ns 0110 who would keep cool under all circumstances, as n man who is calmly biding his time, suro of him Hclf and Mire of a great store of roscrvo power held back for tho hour of need. This look of tpiiet strength almost forces you to believo in him. "After an inlerviow we procccd to tho lovoly littlo garden in tho b.iclc, where, in spito of the ntin, I .suneredcd in getting a fairly good view of Iniulauger's Clermont home. Tho house is like the man, simploand unproteetious, a plain square building, dome pretty vines and Mower-beds hero and theroin tho well-out givi.ss, somo trees and shrubbeiy, tlmt is all. There is no show, 110 luxury, nothing to draw a second glance, and yet from day to day, from hour to hour, tho wires groan with tho lnesnnget Hashed to Paris, to Berlin, to St. l'olorsburg, (o London, telling what is going on within those four white walls." 