Our Grandmothers. Ik the National Itevieio tlio Countess of Jersey attempts to answer Mrs. Lynn Linton's argu moiiton tlio results of tho ' Woman's Movo ment' by'pointing out that our grandmothers ; and great grandmothers wpro quito as omanoi-' pated as their descendants, and certainly woro. not more 'domesticated.' Clahinda'h Diary. Here, for instance, is an example from good .Queen Auno's reign: 'Tho lovo of pleasure and tho vacuous lives of tho ladies of Popo'sday aro nowhero better satirised than by Addison in ' Clarinda's Journal of a Week.' It is too familiar and too long to extract in its.entirety, but Wednesday may servo as a specimen : — From 8 till 10: Drank two dishes of chocolate in bed, and fell asleep after them. From 10 to 11 : Eat a slico of bread and butter, drank a di«h of boheu, and read tho Npertalor. From 11 to 1 : At my toilette ; tried a now hood. Gavo orders for Veny to bo couilied and washed. Mem. : 1 look best in blue. From 1 till half an hour after 2 : Drove to the Change. Chouponcd a couple of fans. Till '1 : At dinner. Mem. : Mr. Froth pu«ed by in his new liveries. From 4toU: Dressed; paid a visit to old Lady Blithe uud her sinter, having beforo heard they woro gono.out of town that day. From G to 11 : At but-set. Mliii. : Never sot jigiiin upon the uco of diamonds. Swift's ' Modern Lnily,' iu 1728, rises, like Belinda in the ' Rape of tho Lock,' at noon, spends her day in shopping, her even ing in scandal, uud her night, till past 4 in tho following morning, losuig large suiusatcurd*.' In Hoiiack Waij'olb'3 Time. We need but turn to Horaco Wulpolo to seo that our ancestresses know how to amuse them selves a littlo later in the century. What can be moro lively than Iub supper at Vauxhall ? ' Ho goes to Lady Caroline l'etershain's house, and finds ' her und littlo Asho, or tho Pollard Asho, as they cull hor ; they hud just finished their last layer of red, and looked us handsomo as crimson could mako them.' They pick up somo other good company in tho Mull ; but thouirh Liidv Cnrolhin rims un hi Tinril Pntar shoin with ' a familiar spring,' ho stalks away ' as sulky as a ghost that nobody will (peak to iirbt.' This doos not appear to att'ect tho lady's spirits ; they get into their burge, with a boat of French lionix attending, und littlo Ashu singing. At Vauxhall the ' vory foolish Miss Sparro,' who has never seen a duel, though eho is 15 and anxious for tho fun, tries to get Lord March to fight one, but he laughs her out of it. ' At lust wo assembled in our booth, Lady Caroline in the front, with tho vizor of her hat erect, and looking gloriously jolly and handsome. Sho hud fetched my brother Orford from tho next box, where ho was enjoying himsolf with his petite partie, to help us t) mince chickens. Wo inmced seven chickens into a china dish, which Lody Caroline stewed over a lamp, with three pata of butter and a fiugon of water, stirring, and rattling and laughing, and wo ovory minute expecting to havo the dish fly about her ears. She hud bought Betty, tho fruit-girl, with hampers of strawberries and cherries from Roger's, and mado her wait upon us, and then made her hup by us at a little tablo. Tho con versation was no less lively than tho whole transaction. In short, tlio wholo air of our party was sufficient, ns you will easily imagine, to tuko up the wliolu attention of tho garden; so much that, from 1 1 o'clock till hulf-an-hour after 1, we had the wholo concourse round our booth. At last they camo into tho littlo gar dons of each liooth on the sides of ours, till Harry Vune took up a bumper und drunk their healths, and was proceeding to treat them wifh still greater freedom was 3 o'clook bcfuic we got home.' ' Advanced ' Women in 1711. Lady Mnry Worthy Montagu's uncle wrote tn the SjurtatiH-. 'Whilst they should have been considering the proper ingrediouU for a suck posset, you should hour a dispute concerning the magnetic virtuo of tho load stone or perhaps the pressiu'0 of tho atmos phere. In a lato fit of tho gout I complained of the pnin of that distemper, whon my niece Kitty bcjrged leavo to assure me that, WJiarever i migni uiiiik, several grout pnuoso phers, both ancient and modern, wero of opin ion that both pleasure and pain were imaginary distinctions, and that thoro was no such thing as either in rermn natura. I have often heard them cfliiiu that the firo was uot hot; undone day when I, with the authority of mi old fellow, desired one of them to pnt my blue eloke on my knees, sho answered : ' Sir, I will reach tho cloke ; but, tako notice, I do not do it as allowing your description ; for it might as well bo callc-d yellow as blue; for colour is nothing but tho various infractions of tho rays of tho bun.' Miss Molly told mo ono day that to Eay snow was white wus allowing a vulgar error ; for as it contains a great quan tity of nitrous particlos, it might more reason ably be supposed to bo black.' PounnAi, Womes. League or women's suffrugo duy.s: 'Nor wero ' platform women ' unknown to theso good old days. The Mirror of over 100 years ago says : ' In London, to which pluco wo are always to look for the ' Glass of Fashion,' tlio ladies, not mtisfied with showing their spirit in Uio bold look, the masculine air, and tiie manly gurb, have made inroads into a provineo from whiuh they wero formerly considered as absolutely ex cluded, I mean that of public oratory. Half n dozen societies have started up this winter, in which female speakers exercise their powers of elocution beforeiiuinerousuudiences, iindcuiivusa all muiincr of subjects with the freedom und spirit of tho boldest mulo orators.' Tho Duchess of Devonshire und tho Westminster election have been often cited; but if, as is generally allowed, Miss Edgoworth gives a fair picture of the manners und customs of her generation, what shall wo think of tho ladies in ' Belinda ': ' An election takes place ; Mrs. Lutfridgo posts down to begin her canvass, and awiiy posts her enemy, LudyDela cour, to cunvass for a cousin of her friend llrs. Freko. Lady Dclucour is ambitious to have it said of her thut shu ' was the finest figure tlmt over appeared upon canvass.' On the day of election (? nomination) sho and Mrs. Freko make their appeurunco on the hustings ' dressed in splendid party uniforms,' and distribute ribbons and cockades from two enormous panniers. Not to bo outdone, Mrs. Luttridgo sends for panniers twice as big us theirs. Thereupon, Lady Delacour caricatures Mrs. Luttridgo as ' tho ass und hor panniers.' Mrs. Luttridgo, an excellent shot, wishes herself a man thut sho might tako proper notice of her opponent's conduct. Instigated by Mrs. Frokc, Lndy Delacour sends hor a challengo, which is accepted in duo form. The Indies and thoir seconds meet iu man's attire ; but tho principals aro induced to fire into tho air, because Mrs1 Luftridgo is incapacitated by a whitlow on hor forefinger from using her right hand !' 