ffirumba Sun. - MaiL Jack Frost. Welcome back. English letters. College football. "Harbour Lights." Circus on Saturday. A Mais-ing ill manners. Italian Opera on July 16. Public Library reopened. That " Ghost" not laid yet. Exhibition coming on apace. "Crumbs" salutes Sir John. " Pirates of Penzance" again. Chicago wheat ring collapsed. Taffey is now paying his tithes. Barometer at noon to-day, 30 0& Some Civil servants very uncivil. Young Australia proud of Alfred. Mr. Mais made a row at the Port. Another brutal Moonlight murder. "A Night with Handel'' on June 24, Mount Gambier all ablaze last.'night. Colonials still being honoured at home-, Sunday trading stopped in Palmerstoo, The Australian Squadron is off Glenelg* Five candidates for the Central District. One Sunday and two holidays next week. The Engmeer-in-Chief amaised Mr, Lindsay. Naval and military prisoners to be amnestied. The TitheB agitation now a thing of th» past. Our " Crumbman" takes off his hat to Sir John. Loyal Sydneyites turned out in force last night. St Peters v. P. A. College at football this afternoon, Sir John Downer has been unremitting in his duties. New French War Minister qnite up to Boulanger. Kirkham Evans has something to write about now. Loyal Sydney has wiped out the stain oa its honour. Hammond J.P.'s are shy of tackling the- Cradock ghost. Paddy Coglin objects to Chinamen taking away their bones. "The chiel amang them" shut up the £ngineer-in-Chief. That" Fern Grotto" is an oasis of light in a desert of darkness. We muBt be partners not hirelings as< regards federation. Fruit-shipping Syndicate proposed for Melbourne and Sydney. Norton and his gutter crew had to-take & back seat last night. The Craddock "Ghost" the subject Of Magisterial enquiry. 1 Sydney Coffee Palace proprietor committed for trial for murder. A Papal Nuncio to attend great Jubilee ceremony in London. Another injustice to Port Adelaide—these men-of-war off Glenelg. Mr. Mais doesn't like his words taken down. Is he ashamed of them 1 Brisbane Trades aud labour Council want a £100 Chinese poll-tax. Two men-of-war and two P, & O. mail steamers at our front door. Another murder for the GO.M. to place to the credit of his opponents. London Jubilee celebration likely to ba the grandest event of tbe century. They went to see imported bridge work,, but witnessed official rudeness, G.O.M.'s Welsh agitation has failed to deprive the parsons of their pay. North Adelaideans should rally, up on Friday to greet their old member. Averaging wool resulted in loss of £450ta- Sydney railways from one firm alone. Those who heard the G„ R. oa the N, T„- will want to go " About in the East." Official landing from the British men-ofwar takes place on Saturday morning. Sun rose at 7.8 a,m; seti at 4.52 pjn. Moon rose at 1.45 a.m.; set at JL41 p.m. a A great National Party, excluding extremists, proposed by Mr. Chamberlain. "S.A is a dry land," quoth Mr. and his listeners did not look incredulous. Whosays Glenelg is not a lively place?-™ especially with a good sou'-wester blowin?. N.S.Wi and Victoria joining to place their fruit on English market. Why is S. A. left out ? Sunday to be'observed; at Port Darwiu as well as Sydney. Chinamen aud agitators object, Seventeen Moonlighters arrested for murdering one man—a jump - aud a kick all round ? Not only is S.A. a dry land but it has some dry speakers,, to whom the audience pre a damper. Stores Commission asked lo erquire ini i statements by ironworkers made in the ftegister. Why don't our Marire Baard compel [passenger ships to carry lifebelts for every soai on toaid? Mr. Ma:s got " boxed-np" by those 'ironworkers. Having no case he abused tbe pVnjfffc. Mr. Sellar "holds advanced opiu : ois which uifortun^tely had not received public recognition." J. B. Spence had bsen B'S ysa in tha Council end had done nothing. „ Wan^l another show. P. B. C. when walking in Melbourre wa a crowded into the middle of the streets bg work"-13 mep. Faci. Two M.P,'8, three iron manufacturers, tw" - repo^ers, aud a crowd of- onlookers pat through by Mr, Mais, Mr. Cogliu expects to get rest for body aud mind rn the Legislative Cpuncil. Is it a Home for Incurables? Given slovenly oversight or complacent officers, and you can get low tenders for work either here or in England. South Australians to-day should forge? political animosities and accord our ex- Pren~ : er a or*''^. we'xome, | Mor 1 injustice—Seventeen of ths " most peaceable peop'e on the face of the rtaib" trr-1 in for only a bit of a whack. Mi. Sellar, in reply to the " f? 2e;lou3 aud ub'quitovs Crumb ;ter," th'iks he wi'l more thru bis usua' number of votes. Quotation for to-c'ay—Rsv. N. Maelcoa. D.D., d : rd 1C72:— Oh, heavy Io-"% thy conntry "'1 cof'd bflt | A Ic -s the :e ev ; l days can ne'er repair. Admission is by ticket only, and all the tickets have been issued—that's how thepublic are invited to the Cathedral on Monday. Mr. Cotton contcstB the election because no one else holding his views ; s pluckg enough. Get the gentleman a Victoria Cioss. Mr. Spence " did "not think that during the six years he had served in the Council he hai done anything" The audience interupted the completion of the sentence bg, roars of laughter. Did they imagine they had got the whole truth 2 The annexed from the Cairns Post is IUX'< original way of reminding subscriberrof theic~ debts:—" Many people seem to be of opinion that we run the Cairns Post on the timepayment system. We would gladly do SO f but as the staff require the ghost- to walk regularly, we are compelled to ask some of our ^subscribers to let us have some coin-* now and again." Mr. Sellar is offended with ""Crowa Lands." He onght to be pleased that the "Crown" is to be banished in Jubilee year* Saul amongst the pronhets. Sellar joined, the Matticson constellation, to wit— Wfaen'er I take a glance behinu, How many vich I see; There's J. H. A. and P. B. C., Far richer both than me. 