r Sports and. Pastimes. Ji, By 'Vebax.' A TiiErtE is very littlo Stirling in tho way ot tracing news this week, nnd not until tlio A -weights for tho Q.T.C. are outnext Tuesday ^ will thero bo any oxeitoment ovor looal ovonta. * Tho Melbourao and Canlfield Cups aro, how ever, attracting a considerable amount of attention, and a lot of doubles have boon laid to moderate amounts over theso events. Tho V.E.O. Derby betting is almost confined to ;, Niagara, Cranbrook, and Abercorn, but prob ably a fresh candidute will croi- up ero Ions?. \- , Several good doubles have been laid ut from ? ? , 1,000 too to 1,000 to 15. j: ? The prizes won at tho recent races of tho Gyrapie Turf Club were piid over as follow : ? ?' J. Finnic, £278 arid first bracelet valued at £50 ; J. Harrison, £200 and second bracelet valued at £10 ; G. Skyring, £150 ; G. Bur gess, £G5 ; J. UUlis, £10 : J. Dwyer, £18 10s.: J. Fogarty, £15 ; A. T. H. Scott, £0 ; F. I. Power, '£& ; total, £S10 10s. The Champion, says: Tho balimco-sheet of tho Blacknll Bneing Club is to haud. The subscriptions amounted to £309 11s. Tho pro prietors of tho Western Champion head the list .- with £25 ; Mr. R. Laue aud. Mr. Murdoch, /? £20 each; Sir Francis Murphy aud Sons, ,J\ Messrs. Wallace and Casey, und Banks Bro l- therB, £10 each ; and all the leading store keepers live iruineas each. The privileges brought £194~2s. 7d. : entrances, £327 5s. ; trad rent of racecourse, £50 10s. The ex exponnituro in prizes w-is £771 ; improve ments, £11 Ss. fld. ; salaries, £02 12s. ; print ing and advertising, £49 Is. 9d. : and sundries, £37 17s. .id. ; and tho club has a balance in hand of £37 17s. od. This must be regarded as most satisfactory, and it is to be hoped Unit next year tho Barcaldine club will be placed on an equallv good footing. The sporting writer of tho Towim-Ule HeruM, ?writing auent Petronel's victories at Charters Towers, says: 'It is said that besides the stakes Petronel's dual victory at tho Towers meant £1,000 for his owner, Mr. It. F. Kelly. Had Fiction and New Guinea been well aud going, I do not think the result would have been tho same. The littlo brown, however, ran gamely, and on Brightwell returning to \--.?*-? scale after the big money he received quite au ?.:? - ovation. It was an honestly won victory. ?'? \\_ There was no secret made of tho fact that .-'? V Petronel would bo hard to beat, and those who relied on Mr. Kelly were considerably gratified at the result. There is no doubt Petronel's presence at the meetiug made speculation brisk, and if the Queensland Turf Club haudicappor ?were to extend the same ' show' to Sydney horses as that accorded to Petronel by Mr. Russell, the recent unsatisfactory running at Eagle Farm and elsewhere in South Queens land would most probably cease ; at any rate the littlo eliquo of owners would bo ' burst up.' ' Next week I shall give a comparative table of the weights for tho Melbourne Cup and tho Metropolitan Stakes, so that people cau see at a glance how the laud lies, and from time to time the scratched horses will bo taken out, so that there will be no mistake made about backing the good ones. 1 have received a copy of Mr. J. J. Miller's sporting pamphlet and official trotting record for 1SS7. It is a valuable and handy book of reference, and the performances of' all the horses engaged in forthcoming great events aro given with accuracy. In addition to this thero io an official trotting record, winners of all tho great events, aud sonio remarkable perform ances and times. The book is well worth the moderate shilling charged for it. Tho entries for the Queensland Jubilee Handicap and the Q.T.C. Handicap are to hand, and they are numerous enough to pro duce good races if tho handicaps are well framed. A few fresh names appear on the lists, such as Belvidere, Citadel, Comfit, Lucifer, Tnntallon, Fishwife, Redwing, Moruiugtou. Tho old lot are all entered, including My Love, Yabba, Pirate, and Wetherondale. Parody, who has shown considerably improved form of late is also entered, and it will be in teresting to see what estimate is formed of her now. Ascot is entered, and with a light weight might run well over tho shorter distance. The mare Lnuvistina that showed such excellent form at Gympie, also figures in tho list, and so does Norman, a much improved horse. I sou that Gloire do Diji n is entered in Mr. Moouey's name, so that rumour is confirmed, and he has something to do with the horse. Touchstono appears iu the list, but the names of Theorist and Lord Hcadingtou are absent. The weights will be declared next Tuesday when it will bo quite time enough to think of looking out for the -winner. The New Zealand Stud Company have pur chased the stallion Limestone. This horse is a bay, and is by Wenlock — Duveruuy. Ho is now rising 9, and is therefore just about the age, ' don't you know.' I remember seeing Limestone run iu the St. Leger of 1881, in which event he was piloted by Jim Goiiter. The race was won by Jtho American, Iroquois, with Geologist and Lucy Glitters next. Scobell was also a horse that had lot of followers for this event. As a two-year-old he ran twice: At Ascot, in the 2Sth Triennial Slakes, ho was third to Kubleborn and Town Moor. His next venture was at Goodwood, when lie won tho Prince of Wales' s Stakes, of 1,000 sovs., with John Osborne up. At three years old he ran in the Derby and St. Leger, and at Atscot was second to Voluptuary in tho 23rd Ascot Biennial. At the same meeting he won the 2Sth Triennial, carrying 9 st. 1 lb., and at Goodwood he won the Sussex Stakes, beating Geologist and Skipetar. He also earned 7 st. 12 lbs. in tho Cambridgeshire, but ?was unplaced. Ho was owned by Lord Brad ford. He should prove a useful acquisition to the colonies. ' Augur,' in the ' Australasian, says, writing of tho V.E.C. Steeplechase meet ing : ' Tho greatest performance of tho day was that of Tho Yeoman in the Grand National Hurdlo Race. His excel lence I have more than onco acknowledged, but I never imagined that ho was capable of winning such a raeo as that which he carried off on Saturday. Friction, undoubtedly a real good horse, had Sir Luuncelot dead beaten below the distance, buthe had not tho ghost of a chance with Mr. Cook's three-year-old when he came to him, and I must confess that he fairly astonished me by tho easy style in which he won. Mr. Cook and his head man Prest wich were always, I think, rather confident, and though I preferred tho chestnut for tho Maiden Hurdlo Race, believing that it was *^*'t6o much of a task to set him to win the / Grand National, the result has proved that his owner was quite justified in going for the rich prize, and I am glad to hear that lie won a nico littlo stako. Friction's per formance was a striking contrast to the figure he cut upon previous occasions when ho appeared in public, and had it not been for tho presence of a phenomcral youngster in the Xeoman, the Quee:iblunder would have won with ridiculous ease. All the public hurdle performers he held quite eafe, and perhaps Mr Barnard is now satisfied that he is a much better animal than he was led to believe. Aristides ran very in ; differently, and seemed to me to bo a trifle J^ overdone. Darkness performed fairly well, but {__ he tra* not at all a good third, and Whalebone xa.ua hire disappointed his friends by the back ?»-ssi3 potation be hrfd. There was one casualty hi slfXBue, i'jrJHtiSikr broke down badly, and »&-ai Ti& JV-aces »a wsAfA down he wan so Sim* aSas J*i«n3i ttaotf&j; italic oat of the 2wuuvJcz one i iifiatfFt i* s&xsv; off the lame Ciutitesi- -vt tfij* saiaainirxx imai so remark rSj»ri mi-iinr urfjtatpii&mtr;: in ieumsuAxtui, bat i SBsjihfTjnw* ittJuWtwfc- ' TSutn tern tar ooze ? airtuJhusnaiEmnpitjaiitBrjcijoiadaaiw^r, bA i tfluKWwii ttiaefeT.it. jjnWinlww $u- ?muizaxct i *iiS*£is^:!hrvuuwr3cu«*rrft&-H,, »i«i.*r» ; a statue srfnSHSini: -vt tim .nwwSnn shac zvxaar : immfitfiSKSLemi t5i». nrtriu»ra. isjfcuiy, T£* 10 tor*, cart, taH-iaiAxx. rx * vitneKexs fxir ' if declared 1-r 4 p.tx m Ote 3--i±: kyc&, \V4\, witliasnbecnpt- oooiiOEoTi.e£dsfxoao«TKT-; j of sin*, and 300 sovs. added by th* dab. The ; nominator of the fire of the winner u to receive 100 sovereigns, and the owner of the second j liorso 10 per cent, on the gross amount of the i tttake. fcires will havo to be nominated with \ Hr. Grovillo Pountnoy, Q.T.C. office, Brisbane, or at (ho A. J.C. office, Sydney, on Tuesduy, August 23. Queensland raoinpc monoftenpur chiise at tho yearling sales of Victorian, South Australian, and New South Wales breeders, — ' Augur,' in tho Australasian. Tho Tliargomimlah Jleraht has tho following, concerning tho disqualification of Sir. Trail's eh. horsoTVake: — 'As many of our readers are already uwaro Mr G. Trail has entered au action in tho Supromo Court against the Thurgomiudah Jockey Club for alleged dis qualification of his horse AVako. It will be remembered at the last annual meeting of tho club Mr. Trail nominated his oh.jr. Wake for tho Maiden Plate which race he won. A few hours after tho event had been run off Mr. J. A. Hill, the then secretary of the T.J.C., received a telegram from tho acting-secretary of the Brewarrina Jockey Club, stating that Mr. G. Trail's ch.g. Wake, by Kiugsborough, five years, branded. MF near shoulder, had won the Maiden Plate, Publican's Purse, and Bokhara Handicap at an ndvertised mooting hold on last Boxing Day on Speoohley's Bokhara registered course, SO miles from Brcwarrina. ' On the following morning tho stewards called upon Mr. Trail f«r au explana tion. He admitted that the description of tho horse, brand, and pedigree, as given in tho telegram was correct, but denied having been at Speeehley's hotel or having raced there. He said that the horse Wake did not run any where on Boxing Day, and that at that time he and the horse were at Belalie, a place 90 miles distant from Speeehley's. He agreed to make an affidavit to that effect, but when called upon oy the stewards to do so he re fused. The stewards thereupon disqualified him and his horse for life. Mr. Trail subse quently went to Cunnamulla, and when there placed the matter in tho hands of Mr. D. Sul mond. The ultimate consequence has boon the isMiiug of a writ, which was on Friday after noon last sewed on the secretary of tho Thargo mindah Jonkey Club by Mr. J. Dewhurst. The plaintilt claims the amount of tho prize for the Maiden Plate and also £50 damages for alleged illegal disqualification. We are given to understand that the Queensland Turf Club upholds and approves of the disqualification. As the c:iso is .tub jmliee we refrain from all comiments.' A writer in an English paper gives some interesting particulars relative to Queen of tho Roses, tho dam of IJeve d' Or, winner of this year's One Thousand Guineas and Oaks. Ho says: 'I was indirectly the means of Revo d'Or's entrance into tho world, for I rescued her dam, Queen of tho Roses, from utter obscurity. This mare having proved a failure on the turf, more from bail management than anything else, came into tho hands of a small trainer named Rudd, at Richard's Castle, in Herefordshire, who tried ineilectually to make her jump. Being also hard up, he parted with her for some corn to feed (as ho thought) two or three better ones. I was asked by tho fanner who thus got posses sion of her to come and buy her, as thoroughbred ones were not much in his line. She was supposed to be in foal to Acton, by Lacydes. After somo bargaining, I gave a rick of hay for her, which I valued at between £25 and £30, and she went to ioin mv other mares — Gold Dust, Dodona, Decoletteo, Ragman Roll, and Bignonia — at my little stuil fmm. Liking the mare, I determined to send her to Lord Ronald, then at Badminton. Her foal died almost as soon ??.s boru, as one other had already done before, but she thus caught tho eye of a good judge in tho Duko of Beaufort, who asked me abont her, and bought her from mo at Doncaster, in foal with Lord Strath nairu, the only other living foal she has had until this season. A finer tempered mare could not have been, and she was a great favourite of mine, always showing a great deal of the West Australian sort about her— a Melbourne with quality.' ' Augur ' writes in tho Amtnilatimi : 'We shall soon have the Hon. W. Robinson's string amongst us, for a cable gram from New Zealand announces that Thunderbolt, Disowned, Silver Prince, Etili lade, and Engagement were to leave Auckland for Sydney this week. This is a very strong team, and if the New Zealand sportsman has anything like luck, ho should appropriate some of tho good things that will be dispensed at Flemingtoii in the spriiig. Thunderbolt is an old friend, for he started for the V.R.C. Derby lust year, but did not perform up to the expec tations of his owner and friends. Disowned, who is by Albany from No Name, won tho Canterbury Derby and the Auckland Derby, running the first' iu 2 inin. 42J sees, and tiie other in 2 mint;. 42 sees., so that he must bo a pretty good animal. He and Thunderbolt aro both engaged in tho Melbourne Cup, Disowned at S st. 8 lbs. and Thunderbolt at 7 st. 8 lbs. Silver Prince, who is half-brother to such cele brities as Goldsbrough, Robin Hooi1, and Maitini-Henry, is another of Mr. Robinson's Melbourne Cup representatives, and ho has t-ie nice weight of 7 st. 3 lbs. Enfilade is by Musket from Onyx, and is therefore full brother to Nordenfeldt, while Engagement is full sister to Murtini-Heury. Enfilade and Engagement are both nominated for the Derby, and the former has 6 st. 12 lbs. in the Mel bourne Cup.' The following is an account' of the Hard wicke Stakes at Ascot, in which Ormonde boat Minting aud Bendigo. The customary hour's interval allowed the necessary preliminaries in the weighing-room to be eusiry disposed of, and gave visitors a welcome ehaiico of looking over the cracks as their toilettes were being ad justed in the paddock. Well before tiino tho police, under tho supervision of Inspector Dun lop, had cleared the course, and all was in readiness for tho advent of the four com petitors. Ench of them was led in the march past, Ormonde showing the way to Minting, Bendigo, and Phil. Minting and Bendigo wore cloths on their forelegs. Ormonde was the first to turn in the canter, followed by Mntingnnd Bendigo, with Phil last, and a few moments later the white flag was flutter ing in the breeze at tho starting-post. At tho first attempt the quartette were on the move. Minting, at once jumping into his bit, shot to tho front and showed tho way to Ormonde, who in turn was clear of Phil on tho outside, with Bendigo lying at tho hitter's quarters. On settling down Minting slightly in creased his lead, and went down the hill with a three lengths' lead of Ormonde, who was still clear of Phil, who in turn had a slight lead of Bendigo. With little alteration they ran through the Bottom, but as they passed tho brickkilns the pace ma terially improved. Minting was now striding along with a length and a-balf lead of Ormonde, at whoso heels lay Phil, while Ben digo, who was pulling hard 'for his head, was scill last. Rounding the bend for home closer order was taken, and as they entered the line for home the pace told its tale on Phil, who wus here beaten. Minting, on tho rails, camo into the straight attended by Bendigo, who now took second place, whilo Ormonde, on tho outside, directly afterwards drew up to Mr. Barclay's horse's quarters. For a few strides Bendigo flattered his supporters, but at tho distance ho faltered, and Onnondo drew alongside Minting, tho pair coming on locked together, running neck tmd neck until 50 yurds from homo. Hero Minting «ot his head in front, but Onnonde, answering gamely to Camion's call, again drew lovel, and getting tho best of a magnificent finish, won by a nook, amidst a scene ot mdescnbablo excitement. Bendigo was third, three lengths behind, and Phil last. Time: 2 mins. 44 2/5 sees. Value of the stakes, £2,387. The (special commissioner of Life writes: 'The greatest meeting of the decade will, perhaps, be the universal award given to the Ascot just placed amongst the archives of the past. It has been full of sensational sport, and, to crown all, tho three best-known horses in tho universe mot to decide onco for ull what' may be justly called the Championship of the Turf. My respect for the whole trio has been of tho greatest evor since I first made thoir acquaintance, but I have perhaps had a keener fondness for Minting, and I can still scarcely rr^rt-t that I stuck to him to tho last, in a sort of hope that he would avengo himself on the mighty Ormonde. It was not to be, though, mid gallant as the fight was, Ormonde U still ;s* sr*atttt horse of tho day. It is not likely tk«t ther will ever measure swords again, and x* 'V.TOXwm Daw-Kin said to me on Wednesday «y/trj:ug, Hinting was only unlucky to be bom hi tie tame year as Onnonde, as in the icajoriry of seasons he would havo been fur s*ay the best of his year. It seems almost like a national calamity that Ormonde is uinicted with a complaint that breeders and lacing people generally looked with dread upon, though the deeds ef such a great horse may perhaps qualify opinions upon tho 8ubjecv, and whenever Ormonde does come to tho stud it will bo a question such as Lord Falmouth solved when he bred from Cautiniere, namoly- thut no ono could afford to miss uuoh an animal. Thus, dcupite all drawbacks, Ormonde lnuut become a faehionablo sire, and perhaps the three future stallions of the age came together to-day in battle an\iy. Whether in firmity did impede Ormonde, or whother Minting lids coiuo on more than his rival may be a moot point, bl.t I must express a leaning to the latter idea, and I feel suro that this is tho iecling entertained by .Hinting' s trainer. They aro both great horses, aud tho honour can well bo felt by their owners in tho pos session of such animals. Aud neither is Bendigo disgraced. Tho Ascot meeting has shown that thero were just two heroes before him, and I expect there will bo several op portunities for both the beaten oues to wind up their careers with good wins in races of groat importance.' Tilings worth knowing : — Watts, tho English jockey, receives a re tainer of ,£'5,000 a year from Mr. Abington. He was presented with £1,000 for winning tho Derby. That an offer to back Niagara for £500 ago inst Abercorn for the Derby found no taker. That Niagara has not been well of late, and 'Augur' advises people to tail oil' for the present. That Lord Alington and Sir F. Johnstono refused £10,000 for Friar's Balsam, at Ascot. That the entries for tho Q T.C. Handicap aro good. That Smith hammered Slnvin well last Mon day. ? 