TORQUAY GOSSIP. . . by:"tiib "a.nir,b.'' „ ' ; Tlmt " vox populi vox tloi" was tho roughly holiuvod in by tho-anciont Homiuis there can bo litllo or no doubt ; but could a few of tlinso worthies visit tho eartli at tho presont time they wonld have to ehiino in with tho Amorican humorist, who says, "Tlmt sort of thing's an oxploded idea," judging from tho little interest taken by the public in mutters in which their interest is directly concerned . For cxnmplo, tho concert given in aid of tho Rocreation Ground, Formby, was vory poorly attended. The ono announced at Torquay in aid of the Jubilee Lamp wasn't attended at all, - and tho meeting to arrange about a public cemotory at Torquay barely mustered a> quorum 1 Now, this is not as it should be. . Every individual in the community owes a duty to himself, his neighbor, and tho ! States (not mentioning higher ones), and j where a project Is on foot for tho good 'of j all throe, it says littlo for tho .public spirit: of tho community if tho pooplo don't rally i up and assist to tho utmost of their power. ! Groat indignation was folt and expressed when it was disoovorod a few days ago: tlmt soiuo porson or persons unknown had bedaubed the lower part of ono of tho walls ; of the Wosloyan Church with rod paint, : and anathemas. No, not that. Thoso wicked, but awfully 'handy, things are not! used by tlmt body; but it would bo an; outrage on orodulity to say tlmt blessings wore lienpod on tho head of the porpotrator of, what was thought at the tiino to ba, a vilo outrage. However, greatly to tho satisfaction of everyone, tho worker of tho; mischief was discovered in tho porson of a ' littlo four-year-old — tho son of a resident kniglit of tho brush, and who already; aspires to walk in the footsteps of his: father. Oar mutual friend, " Saundors," has just handed me the following, which ho assures mo is literally founded on fuot . THE TORQUAY EXPLORING EXPEDITION. Honored sir, I takes occasion, Now I'm safe and sound at homo, For to write you our adventures In a sinoothlj flowin' pome. Which, if you will recollect, sir, Just a week ago to-day, Thoro were hold a public meeting In tho " Institoot," Torquay, To tako in consideration Our churchyards, und their sad state, And a better situation To select, ero 'twas too late. For, as several of us statod, Tnrnimv were u-snreadinir now : Worry anon tho dead ond living Would got mixed up anyhow. And 'tis woll known tlmt whon houses By -graveyards get crowded round, And a public-houso is handy, Ghosts and.ghosteBses abound. So four of us we're appointed For to take a tour around, And spy out a good location If 'twero handy to bo found. So wo mot on Friday morning, And upon our mission bent, Started off, and kopt up walking Till the day was woll nigh spont. Fiorcely shone tho snn at starting, Hot and hotter grew tho day, As we turned our noses eastward, And our backs upon Torquay. ClondB of dnst rolled on boforo us, Clouds of duet rolled up bohind, Till, with dust and porspiration, Wo was werry nearly blind. Flies and " skeoters" settled on us, Wiring in to heart's content ; Bat our hearts were true and steady, Dooty called, so on went. Long wo tramped o'er hill and valley Looking here and looking there, But a place to suit all partios Couldn't bo scon anywhere. So, as night came creeping o'er us, Sick, and soro, and wearied out, Book to Torquay wo came crawling, AViso as whon wo started out. But a solemn vow I'vo taken — Sure as ono and two mako throe — Next time I goes graveyard-hunting Arthur's licarse will carry mo. — Saunders. 