BRITISH, AND FOREIGN MEMS. Prince Albert Victor recently completed bis 23rd year. The total number of natives who perished in the Madras fire was 405. The Compte and Comtesae de Paris have been visiting the Queen at Osborne. Afire at.a restaurant in Hampstead-road, London, caused the death of two waiters. Lord Salisbury says it is impossible to exaggerate the prevailing depression in England. A fine new Ethnological Museum has been opened in Berlin by the Qerman Crown Prince, A Catholic priest has been arrested at New Orleans charged with smuggling Cathedral wine. Two life-boats capsized 011 the coast of Vir ginia, a rescued crew and five lifeboat-men perishing. The English Government has purchased a large number of Mexican Baddies for use in the English cavalry service. Isabella Bums, niece and last near relative of the poet Robert Barns, died rently near Ayr. She was in her 81st year. A young woman name3 Margiret Borgenval is said to have lain in a trance in the French Tillage of Thenelles since June 1, 1883. The British Medical Association has decided to ask the Government to institute an enquiry into the chief effects of the drink traffic. Two Hindoo women were recently burned alive of their own free will as a sacrifice to bring about a reduction of local taxation. Sir Thomas Gladstone, brother of the ex- Premier, is a strong Conservative and an un equivocal opponent of Home Rule in Ireland. The Stadt Theatre at Goettingen was completely destroyed by fire at 12 o'clock on the night of January 10. There was no loss of life. During a journey of the Duke and Duchess of Connaught in India, the Duchess had diamonds of the value of .£1000 stolen from her case. Sir Noel Paton has painted for the Queen a replica of his famous picture " Lux in Tenebris," as altar-piece for the new private chapel at Osborne. It is said that during the progress of the CampbelL divorce case the Queen directed that no daily paper should enter the precincts of Windsor Castle. i A statue of the late',Lord O'Hagan, subscribed for by English and Irish public men, was unveiled on January 11, in the hall of the Four Courts, Dublin. The Ghilzti rebels in Afghanistan have been badly defeated by the regular troopB, and many cartloads of their heads sent to Cabultas a token of the victory. . As a New Year's present the Queen forwarded a beautifully- constructed bath chair to Mrs. Hall, of Windsor, who was for matty years nurse to Her Majesty's children. j . Lord- Dafferfo's recent visit to Pondicherry, where he was zeceived with marked cordiality, . JEae lhe.firet,feV£r.^)aid by.a British Viceroy j to France's almost forgotten holding in India, j M. de Laboulaye, the new French ambassador at St. .Petersburg, is an. acknowledged anti-German. He has studied at Heidelberg University, and Bpeaks the language fluently. In Dublin, lately, Godden, the gamekeeper who gave -important.-evidence -against • the Phoenix Park assassins, was accidentally killed while removing ice from the ponds in the park. Two misers, one a millionaire, were frozen to death in their home in Philadelphia. They had plenty of coal, but could not bring them selves to use it. There has just died at East Whitburn t venerable man named James Nicholson, who was one of those nobly rescued by Grace Darling from the wreck of the Forfarshire in 1838. " Fancy all these policemen needed to enforce the fa!e of property to sustain the work of God I" Said an eye-witness of the seizure and sale of haystacks to pay the tithes in North WaleB. The bodies of Mr. Vanderbilt and his two wives are to be removed to a mausoleum which the: American millionaire began to construct in 'his lifetime, and which has cost £50,000. Emin Bey, in letters received from him in July, calculated that his .ammunition wouid fail by December, last, and that he could hold out for half a year more if not attacked by wild tribes. A scheme for a penny postage rate between England and the colonies was broached as long ago as 1840. Cheap communication is a distinguishing characteristic of the advance of civilization. •••A Berlin paper asserts that Turkey hbs ordered of a well- known Berlin firm 400,000 Repeating rifles, of which 30,000 are to be delivered as soon as possible for the Constantinople garrison. The French Anarchist Duval was on the 12th January found guilty of robbery, incendiarism, and attempted assassination, and, after a violent scene in court, sentence of death was passed on him. Bev. G. McOallum, of Springfield Congregational Chapel, Dewsbury, England, has notified his intention to resign at the end of 12 months, by which time he will have been a pastor for 31 years. Local Royal Jubilee memorials are being decided upon all over England. The almshouses erected in Greenwich as a memorial of George III.'s jubilee are to be enlarged in commemoration of Queen Victoria's. A youug woumn named Wakeman, of Chiselhurs', while playing with her brother and sister, threw a poker at the boy. It struck her li tie sister on the head and killed her. The young woman was arrested and discharged. An Austrian giant nearly 9 r t. high, and still growing, is on exhibition in London. His brothers and sisters and parents are ofcrdinary stature. He showed no development of extraordinary growth, until after the age of 14. The brains of James II. and the heart of the Duchess of Perth have been discovered in Paris preserved in a leaden jar, and are now in want of a resting place. The skull of Oliver Cromwell is in the possession of a Yorkshire gentleman. A woman recently died in New York after years and years, of suffering, for which the learned doctors of the world could not find the cause. On the dissecting table the discovery was made that a needle was embedded in the heart. M. Floquet, on assuming the Presidency of the French Chamber, adjured the Repuolican Deputies to be united, and said that in making sacrifices to strengthen the army they were only determined to insure for France the respect of all. A violent shock of earthquake was felt recently at Djemal, a town ot 5000 inhabitants in the neighbourhood of Susa. Several deaths occurred, and many persons were injured. Several houses were destroyed, and some others are in a dangerous condition. Currency is given by a Dublin paper to a report that the Prince of Wales intends residing a considerable portion of next summer in Ireland, and that Lord Kilwarden's former residence, Clondalkin, county Dublin, has already been secured for his Royal Highness. The annual congress of the National Teachers opened in Dublin in the first week ot the year. One hundred and thirty-one delegates were present. The subjects discussed were the improvement of salaries and the granting of pensions to teachers of the National Schools. At Lostock, near Bolton, considerable alarm has been caused by the reported nightly appearance of a ghost-of a former spinner which haunts a spinning mill there. So impressed are the work-people with the truth of the statements made that they wi'l only enter the mill collectively. The patent hurricane raiser, a large and complicated apparatus, which sends a gale of wind across the stage with a velocity of sixty miles an hour, and a roar as if one hundred buildings had been crushed to the ground, is creating a sensation at the Madison-square Garden, New York. Witchcraft is not quite extinct in England. A Suffolk farmer lately charged a gipsy woman with having obtained from hirn £5, under thrept of causing xhis wife's legs to rot off if he did not give her the money. Another dupe gave the wornnu ,£l, being assured that if she did so she would have a fortune. Mr. Greville Chester'protests against the destruction of the walls of Antioch, perhaps the finest specimen'of mural fortification extant* Within the pafit j/ew years beeays the walls and towers at each extremity of the circumvallation have been destroyed, and the Turkish authorities have not attempted to prohibit the spoliation... Lidy Colin Campbell authorises a London paper to state that there,is.no truth in the statement that she intends to becomea professional vocalist. A newspaper states that "already tempting offers have been made to her, and she has them under consideration. Among the proposals is one from the manager of the Pavilion Music Hall, who seeks to tempt Lady Colin with a fabulous salary." A large number of people, nearly 100 in all, have suffered from food poisoning near Carlisle, England. After a dinner given at a sale of farm stock all the guests who partook of pease-pudding served with boiled beef were seized with pain, vomiting, and other symptoms' of irritant poisoning. It is stated that the poison has been • traced to washing soda used in cooking to soften the peas. A terrible fire broke out on the evening of January 9 in the .Royal Alcazar at . Toledo, recently restored at a cost of £200,000, and which has for someu time been used as a Military Academy , for Cadets. It originated in the fine library, and -spread to the whole of the first floor, destroying the paintings and many valuable books;' The Cadets also lost all their furniture and personal effects. A dreadful agrarian murder is reported from Cappagh, county Clare, Jreland. Some time ago ;aman. named Walsh topk a farm there, from which a tenant had been evicted. Great ill-will was shown to hinij and he was boycotted, but, notwithstanding, he continued to hold the land. Recently his house was surrounded bv an armed party, and seven shots were fired into it. One hnllet ttruck the deceased in the side, inflicting<a wound from the effects of which be died. • J : A young man named Arthur Maxted was married to a young woman residing in the -Leigh, near Tonbridge. The,bride and bridegroom left the chapel, in which the ceremony was performed by the bridegroom's father, and walked away to the house of the bride. A horse bolted with a dogcart just at this tinie, and the bridegroom was struck on the temple and killed on the. spot. The bride herself is in a critical condition in consequence of the. shock which she received. An old woman who occupied a shop in Market-Btreet, Greenock, recently became so enfeebled that she was persuaded by a missionary who visited her to go to the hospital. Before being removed she insisted on a tin box, which was underneath her bed, being taken with her. The tin box was afterwards opened, and was found t.o be full of gold coins tied up in stockings. In one stocking alone there was found £400. The .total amount discovered is said to amount to £2300, and it has been lodged in a bank. The British Political Agent at Muscat, Colonel Miles, has given an official account of a journey through the Arabian provinces of Oman and Dhahireh, a region never before described, except by. Wellsted 50 years ago. Four days'journey from Muscat brought him to an extensive and most fertile oasis in the very middle of the desert, where cultivation was carried on in the open field. The verdure and fields of pain made up a picture ot surpassing loveliness, which rendered it difficult for the traveller to realise that he was in Arabia. The Salford coroner investigated the death of a girl named Murphy, three and a half years old, who was alleged to have been beaten to death by her mother, the wife of a painter. It was stated that the woman frequently beat the child, and that she treated it with brutal violence. A neighbour wmt into the house and found the child in n <l< pliable condition, and it died in her arms, *bi'» the mother lay in bed. A surgeon sta^-d t.ti.a, the child died from recently inflicted i"j<irie», and the jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against the mother. The London correspondent of a Manchester paper understands that the ruby mines in Burmah, which havejuBt been occupied by the British forces, have been leased to Mi. S'reeter the jeweller, of Bond-street, London, at a large rental, said to be .£30,000. A representative of Mr. Streeter's firm advanced with the British column to the ruby mines, and is there at present. The project of a concession to certain French capitalists, which is known to have been at one time entertained at Calcutta, though not at Mandalay, was definitely abandoned on account of the opposition ot the authorities in Burmah. Canon Bagot, who some time ago went over to the United States to investigate the truth of a fttatement that a. Air. Moore, of Denver, had died, legyipg .£$0,000 to the Irish Protestant Church, now considers it to have been a well-planned pcheme;tq obtain money by false pretences, ancLbjames the Foreign Office, particularly its acting consul at Denver, for the mode of inquiry pursued. The alleged swindler.is.a ,Mr. Keegan, a Denver lawyer, end the Foreign office are charged with confining all their inquiries. Jothe js windier himself. Lord Rosebery jassured Canon Bagot j the statements were true. The expenses incurred amount to £500, and Canon Bagot now suggests, that application should be made to the Government to ,reimburse this out of the Church surplus. Some £300 is also wanted to prosecute Keegan, a lawyer, the concoctor of the fraud, for forgery. A Flintshire coroner's jurv committed for .tela), on a charge oLda^jaghtej^nuaher of gentlemen and merchants working the Talacoc mine in Flintshire. The company included Mr. Bowers, merchant, .of Chester; Mr. J. H. Ffoulkes, ex-high sheriff of Denbighshire ; Mr. Benyon, merchant, Manchester; Mr. Urias Bromley, manufacturer, of Holvwell; Mr. Royle, Chester; Mr. Wright, Bodfari ; and Captain Ellis, who was in charge of the mine. The inquest was held on the body of John Griffiths, a miner, who was descending Sawney shaft by means of ladders, when he^eljpped and fpll to the bottom, and was ^picked up dead. Mr. Le Neve Foster, Government inspector, who wis present, said there had been a distinct breach of the clause in the Metalliferous Mines, Regulations Act, as there was only a partial platform provided. The jury committed the whole syndicate to the Flintshire assizes. Two women, described as English, one named Eveline Rappy, the other Lindsay, have been arretted in Paris on the charge of matrimonial swindling. It is alleged that Lindsay, who was married in France 20 years ago,, was .accustomed to advertise in some of the newspapers, offering in marriage a young widow possessing a million francs, or "a wealthy girl who had lost,.her .reputation." To those wbo took the bait she produced Rappy, who is 25 jrears of age, and the latter is said to haye^viBited England, with several French-, men in succession, to have gone through the marriage ceremony, and to have disappeared next day, not only with thewedding presents, but with any jewelry within her reach. Rappy was arrested in a high-class hotel .just as she was about to start for England to meet a fresh dupe. She is said to be very handsome, and to h§ive deluded persons occupying positions so high that they were ashamed to prefer a complaint. A new and most destructive engine of warfare has been perfected by an officer of the Uuited States army. Lieutenant ZalinBki. After experimenting for years past, Lieutenant Z*lineki hasroade.agun which will fireshells containing blasting gelatine. The weapon latterly used for this purpose has a diameter of 8in., and fires shells containing 50lb. of blasting gelatine, a range of 3500 yards being obtained with the gun at an elevation of 17deg. The United States Government has onfergl^eyeral vessels to be built to attain a speeclof igfcnots and to carry two 127-pounder Zalinaki guns) which will fire steel-cased shells, each charged with 4001b. of blasting gelatine. The shells will be ejected by air pressure applied up to 20001b. to the square inch. The tube of each of these guns is to be 60ft. in length. The shell is also of peculiar construction. A wooden tail keeps the point of the shell Rj the front, in order that the misBile may penetrate the object against which it is directed, and an electric fuse explodes the ehell about two seconds after the impact. A terrible affair is reported from the locality of Grosvenor-square, London, on January 20. In a lodging-house in Hart-street, a bricklayer's laborer named King, aged about 40 years, and a woman named Sutton, about the same age, occupied separate apartments. For some time, it seems, King had been unsuccessfully importuning Sutton to live with him, and he appears to have renewed his proposal on the fatal morning. About half-past 8 o'clock, when Bhe was returning from making email purchases of food at a chandler's shop, he attacked her in the passage of the house with a razor, gashing her throat. He than ran upstairs to the woman's room, where he proceeded to cut the throat of her child, aged two years, while the infant lay in bed. A male neighbor who had been attracted by the Bcreams of the woman, rushed into the room while King was engaged in his fiendish work, and after a straggle, in which he cut his finger, succeeded in wresting the razor from him. The child, which was horribly gashed, is dead ; the mother lies at the hospital in a precarious condition. King is in custody. Since the invitation of Mr. R. T. Bush, the owner of the keel schooner Coronet, to the owneis of all American keel yachts to join him in an ocean race from Sandy Hook to Queenstown, Bays the New York Herald, yachtsmen have been wondering whether or not he would object to the entering of centreboard vessels as competitors, and, if so, for what reason. Mr. Bush tells a Herald reporter that he intended his proposition or invitation to mean keel schooners only. He wished to test the qualities of the keel yachts that are now afloat and Bailing under the American flag. He thought that he would not object to a keel craft of any type of model or design—wide or narrow, shoal or deep draught, inside or outside ballast—so long as such a yacht was owned by an American ; but it was not his intention in offering this race as a test to mix the thing up. There were keel yachts enough in this country to make a grand race, " and the centreboards—why,"..exclaimed ..Mr. Bush, with a smile, " let the centreboard yachtsmen get up a race amongst, themselves." The veteran Bailing- master ot the Coronet, Captain Crosby, said, to a. Herald reporter that he should look for light and variable winds, mostly from .,the. pouth.-west, ,and the west, -when -making an easterly-passage across the Atlantic in .the. month ot May. He thought that when sailing such a race the centreboard vessels would have a little advantage over the keel craft. In working to the westward, however, or in sailing from England to'this country, the conditions would be reversed, he thought, aDd the advantage, if there was any, would be with the keel vessels. Regarding an event which has been termed a " PhaBe of the French Revenge," a London correspondent writes :—" The 19th Jauuary is celebrated in Paris by a procession, both military and civil, to the historical battle-field of Buzen bal. It was here that the Paris army, under General Trochu in 1871, gallantly attempted to break through the Prussian lines, and only suffered defeat through the arrival of Prussian reinforcements. The battle lasted from daybreak until nightfall, and was the bloodiest and most fiercely fought of all the engagements that took place in the outskirts of Paris during the siege. Every year Bince this memorable fight the anniversary (the 15th of January) has been commemorated by a procession to the battle-field. Of late years the number of persons attending has been growing considerably smaller, but this year has seen a marked increase of interest'and enthusiasm. The war rumors of the last'few weeks dave vividly recalled to mind the incidents of 1870-71, and have stirred up the patriotism of the French nation. The demonstration this year was, accordingly, more striking than lately, and the proceedings were more than usually pathetic. Wreaths -were placed on the variojis monuments erected in honpr of the patriots killed on the field of battle, and at each speeches were delivered. . The speakers were all deeply affected. The most impressive incident of all occurred at a little monument erected on the spot where the fight was thickest and the carnage the greatest. Here was stationed a choir of boys belonging to the Communal. school of St. Cloud, and every tree round the spot was filled .with men and bpys. On the procession reaching the monument, wreaths were placed upon the obelisk, and the choir sang a patriotic hymn. The scene is described as having been a very impressive one, and all the jpectators were deeplv moved." 