HEALTH INSURANCE. iu anotucr column wc publish 111 full a most interesting nnd ablo avticlc, con tributed by Dr Woods-Hutchinson to tho Sontoinbor number of London ' Health . And we do so bccnuso we honestly think that every head of a family ought to not only read the article iu question, hut earo- fully consider it in connection with tho all-important quostion of family health, a subject in this country too often neglected. Summing up liisviows shortly, tho writer of the urticlo recommends the adoption in this colony of tho practico known iu tho old country as "keeping a family doctor." Tho gentleman in ques tion is familiar to all who liavo received their early training in England nsaliouse- hold word. Ho is iu tho highest sense of (he word tho friend of tho family, just n6 ib tho clergyman who has christened, mar ried, and buried all through his parish. Tho doctor's advice is asked for, aye, and token too, on almo3t every subject. Secrets aro entrusted to him which would he breathed to none others; and his mouth is scaled.' At Christmas timo ho tucxictli up with a blue pill and its consequences; and tlio children who have been to a juve- nilo party know what to expect when Br Goodchap conies into the nursery. There is no doubt in his mind as to when the "governor" is in for a touch of the gout, or when that scamp Jii'n lias been running it a triflo " too near tlio kerb in London. He ir. not only a man called in to chock sickucss when it comes, but to inspect, the danger signals when the train is starting. It is to be regretted, therefore, that, what is known lis tho u family doctor" in com paratively rare in this country. We would not, for a moment, disparage tTi'c talents or qualifications of the men who now practice tho "noble scicnco" amongst us. Tho fault-, wc would point out is that they aro not sought out in time, and not consulted until the mis chief has been douo or the seeds of disease sown. Ah Dr Hutchinson says, there is a neglect of the practice of preventive medicine. u No one thinks of consulting a phyriciau until at least feeling unwell, and tho abominablo phraHo, 4 nick enough to need a doctor,' lias becomo almost tlio popular synonym for, at bcBt, a serious iuaispositioii, and Lofton a well-developed stage of a possibly fatal disease." Tlio number of doctors who nvo compelled to say, u If I had only been called soonor," is HiuUy large ; uud there is 110 humbug iu their saying rg, any more tlmn there is in the old proverb that 'a stitch in timo saves nine, or as ninny more as you can put into numerals. 14 llonco," remarks thodoclor, 41 the mutual confidonco and sympathy which should exist betweon tho profession and tlio public is seriously impaired, and both sulfur in coiwcquonce." To ojcortnin extent, those who belong to friondly societies or clubs adopt the practice wc allude to hue tlio society or the club uucf.or is not tho institution wo nro ad vocating. 11 o (Iuuh not visit, as a rule, unless he is sont. for. and his consti tuents, on tho nthor liand, do not con sult him if thoy can Jtolp it. Tho system wo would advocato, and that ro- commendud by Dr. Hutchinson, is that 44 At tho boginniug of tlio calendar your each individual or family should ongngo his or their medical attendant for the next twclvo months, agreeing tu pay him a specified annual salary in advanco, oitfior in full, or in quarterly or monthly instalments. " In return for tills tho doctor should at ouco assume tho position of tho physical adviser of tho family. It might bo that an anxious wlfo or mothor would say that "tho doctor" did not coll in often onough ; and, on tlio othor hand, tho malo head of tho liouso- bold might opiuo that, thorn was a littlo too much physio iu tho atmosphoro. Theso, however, aro mattors which would soon squaro thomsolves, just as othor so cial matters aro Bquorod whon tho nocos- aity really comes in. Lot us, for oxamplo, take tho caso of Jones, Wo will not be too particular as to whut Jones it may bo, bccauso tho explanatory let ters tliat might How in upon us would ho too many. Wo will accept tho ordinary or garden Jones, a cronturo that growoth and fiouriBhcth in Oollingwood as woll as ho dees in Toorak. If his medical attendant had a chancc-—or a ghost of a clianco, whatevor tliat plian- tasmagotical pnonoinqnoh may mean— of interviewing Jones before a -Cup day, tho 4 'odds" aro that he would say, " Jones, dear boy, bowure of the goblot that brimmoth over with vodnesn, or von will get. (ho gout in thiil particular too to which it always flics." W will even lake Mm case of the well-known Smitli, which nnmo exists both iu tho pmugo and mil of it, and wo ahull still find that if the family doctor could only get hold of .Smith before a " Corporation goifie, " he would ho ablo to give him a fow gastro nomic, dietetic and gustatory hint worthy of conrideration. Moro than this, Iho " family doctor" would ho iu u posi- tion to adviso both father nnd mother as to the cave of thoso youu'f lives which are so often thrown away from mere waul- of careful previsim. And shopld he follow out Dr Hutchinson's suggestion he would u'so bo ablo to express an opinion as to the f-.nitary arrangements of the various hmi -c.-. occupied by his clients. In »hort, viewing the .subject both from n domestic ami social point of view. we should recom mend l)r Hutehinsoii'a views to tho serious consideration of all our renders. 