. . SEA-i?IONSTER. :'Tom.? -angtry, walking along tlh pebbly beach a few miles from Mul linga.urth, came upon a- sheltered inlet, whe?rctundisturbadl, ]he mihit indulg, in the luxury of a swim. It wa!s a warm afternoon, and Tom, oppressed witlithe fatigue and dust of a long railwvay-journey from Dublin that anoriin'g,-could.not resist the tempta tibn;of a "dip" ia-rthe cool sparkling water.- Lu'aihg his clothes Ihlf hidden mnong the rocks, he plunged in and struck out.:boldlyt-from land. After half an hour's lusty buffeting with the w'ais, ihe'swain.slowly back to shoe, and, scrambling up.tih. shellvitng lb.le saw, to his indescribable conisternatio~ , that of his- garments left on the rocs not a trace remained. IlO-sto0d for a momeantlookiug about hini in bircathless dismay, shi veiing and miserable, but with energy ciiough left roundly .to mnalign the rascally thief vwho hlid' taken Ihis clothes. Hle shout ed in a strong clear voice-once, twire, Ihrco.time--abut no answer came. Wji'at: v.o:' li3 done? He could not walkbacklto'thli ton ' as lie wtas, and it was 'roiwing late, and unpleasantly cool.. Whliat a.fool lie lhd leen toridt his property within reach of possiha it thief! Yet the spot he ad chlosenh d seemed so safe. A quantity of rank, coarse-fibe I sea-weed grew on the rocks, and the remains of a fish-net were hangiwt' from a stake driven into the sand. So lt ter ides occurring to hinm, Capt.'a Langtry tore great handfills of the slithy weed from its stony lied. at windirig it -About his shivering forns secured itwith fragmentst of the net. ': T oi'edil sey-weetl, tlhickly basprintk led xitlhlbarnacles and sliarplv~cy cockle shells, was bat a sorrv sublititute for the neat tweed suit and fine linDe the loss of which ihe so l;ittcrly regirt ted. He advancPd--a -few steps, Ihen htlihebsurdity of Ilis app.earance struck him, and he.lauglhed till thle tears ra "down his checks. Would lis gay -c panions in Dubliii! esoognise hitm lat? *How- differently from of old would te belles of that bright city regar' hi~ could they see him, clothed in vanriso slimy sea-weed! H e madOhis -way inland from the beach-as 'fastas his unslod feet woull bear himn over the .rough stones, 0"t crossing a barren meadows , cOam a length upon a cabin more picturO?lt lthan the average, shladed hby sett fine 'oaks. Ielp, seemie fil'n ly t hand, for surely the roulhest I*pe'5 .Wieuld,.hGe.npore suitable attire tt" sea-weed to lend i n enin"eren'" Captain Langtry hastened to"Ards the opei doo-i-Ray - and proclaimed hisatn val. byra knock and loud " Hallo!" His'sumnions was qaiickl;y anlswF' by. a girl of sixteen or eilghteet, ' after'-dine swift glance a:t thel "e comer, threw up her hands ad ea claimend-. --,,, -. - S"Tlihe saiints defend us, but it is tlt Ould One lhimself !" Capta-in Tangtrv gave no h""e to this inhospitable) greeting, so pl l and Tascinated was le by th"e *,, beauty. - Her real Trislh eyes o1 c dark blue shone with excitement l cheeks were flushed, and iher g" black hair, curling and soft, lhd f .l oesnrn sl, s,,ldery in nicturlesqu0 c fusion. But her nmntal summingg up of the CaOjtiain was far from compli- 1 menta'ry; she saw olily' a sliiggy, drip- ] ping creature, with little humnan ibout him, except a tawny moustielie arid saucy blue eyes. Il Begone, you villain, or I ill thiow this hot water over you !" she cried, seizing the boiling kettle from the liob. Tom saw :that she was in earnest, and, as she absolutely refused to listen to his pitiful story, lie thought it better to avoid the scalding water and depart in peace. With a last regretful glance at the beautiful littlefury brandishing the tea-kettle, he disappeared behind the house, and found himself in a flour- i ishing potato-field. In a far corner an old woman, in one of the long dark blue cloaks of the I country, was busily bending over the hillocks. For the first time in his life Capthin Langtry played the part of a sneaking thief. He stole softly, up behind the helpless old creature, and, seizing her cloak, tore it from her shoul ders, and sped like the wind across the potato-field. wrapping himself in the ample covering as lie ran. "Howly mother preserve us!" lheie heard screamed behind hinm, and then a groan and execration reached his cars. One swift glance backward re venled the old woman on her knees among the hillocks ; but whether she had assumed this Fosition by accident or to pray for the return of her cloak Captain Langtry had no time to in quire. His trials were now well-nigh over, for the cloak, though an :odd. garment for a man, robbed him of his troublesome, supernatural appearance. Beyond the fire of sarcasm. frou ur chins encountered on the way, lie was allowed to re-enter 3lullingartlh unmo lested, where, over a glass of hot toddy, he laughed at Ihis adventures of the af ternoon. Six months passed,'. and,: after an extended tour, in ,Norway, Capta-in Langtry tound' himself -aggin in the little fislming-villinage of Mullingartlh. All through his wanderings in foreign lands lie had oddly enougli.been haun ted by the bright eyes of the fiery little country liss who threatened to deluge him with hot water on the day of his unfortunate plunge into the sea. After careful inquiry, lie learned thist the fanily ,who had lived in the cabin under the oaks now kept on the outskirts of the villiage very primitive ] but neat lodgings for summer visitors. Captain Langtry seized on the infor mation 'ith avidity, and, after having assured himself that the blue-eyed heroine of the tea-kettle still held her sway in the household, he engaged a a room for a nionth in the little lodg ing-house, which rejoiced in the name of "The Gull's Nest.". Folded iin the bottom of his trunk, which was shortly conveyed to his new dwelling, lay the long blue cloak which Captain Lancit y had found of such service on a former occasion. If lihe found it expedient to acknowledge himself the thief, he would restore thie old woman's property without delay, as his conscience troubled hiin for not having done so long before. Shortly after his installation inl his new abode, a timid knock, accompanied by the rattling of dishes, sounded at his door. .To Captain Langtry's great delight, his attendant . prove d to be no other thanuthe clarnmiig little girl for the sake of whose pretty face lie had given up his comfortable rooms = in the town. She set the tray, con raining a carefully- prepared tea, on the table, and asked bashfully what the gentleman's further wishes might be. It was hardly possible that in the well-dressed polite man who greeted her with a pleasant smile she should recognise the shivering wretch who had come to their cabin door the pre- I vious summer; and Captain Langtry felt safe against questionings on that disagreeable subject. " What shall I call the graceful little fairy who brings my refresh- r ments ' he asked gallantly. " Who, please, sir T' "What is your name-Rose, Lilly, Daisy I Something equally suggestive, I am sure." "Norah, sir." "Norah-a pretty name Ithat suits you exactly." The pleased blush on the girl's cheek showed plainly that this thime the Cap tain's words had been understood, And iith a half- saucy, half-deprecating courtesy she left the room. During. the six months that had elapsed Norah had gown more charm ing than ever; her manner had lost its wildness, perhaps through greater con tact with the people of the town; and Captain Langtry discovered, almost with delight, that she was an orphan with some gentle blood i-l her veins, her father hraving been a poor gentle man who had been disowned by his namily for the ,i'salliance he had con tracted with Norah's mother. In Norah's cousin Teddy there was nothing to excite admiration, either as comliness 'of person or brilliant quali ties of mind;.he was : a freckle-faced red-haired son of the soil,? belligerent of disposition, and averse to all at tempts at improvement. When Captain Langtry happened to stroll out into the garden, Teddy witas always ready to pause in his occupation of hoeing potatoes. and chat by the hour, his most eloquent" theme being the abuse of.tle rascally .yillain who had stolen his "randmother s-cloak. "Faith, Captain, never was such an ill-lookin' thief seen before," hie would say leaning on his hoe, "n wd his wild eyes and the weeds trailin' about him. It wasn't enough to frighten Norali into fits, but lie must chase the poor old woman in the i-ryty-field, and rob her of hier warnm cloak, tlhe like of which lshe couldii't replace ag'in the winter. May the Ould Boy crack his hones!" And she's been limpin' and groanin' ever since wid the pain in her knees from'a fall when tryin' to run afther.him. The villain, wouldn't I like to have him within reach of me two fists!" Captain Langtry thought of the cloak lying at the lIottoll of his trunk, and could scarcely suppress a smile. "Old Nelly and Norah think it was a ghost, or the Evil One himself who stole the cloak; do you not agree with them I" Captain Langtry asked. "No, your honor; even though Norah declares she saw thie two horns of him stickin' up through his ragged hair, I have rayson to believe it was a man like ourselves who stole the cloak; and Teddy chuckled to himself, and a lknowing light shone in hIis eyes, but he could not be prevailed upon to ex press himsilf further. As the summer wore on, Captain -?satry threw worldly prudence to tmhe winds, and allowed bright-eyed 'No?l ih" to take comiplete possession: ofh ':is heart; and that was of more impor t:nce he knew that love had aisirkenied in her bosom for him. lIe had :not a relative in the world. His aristocratic friends might scoff, and make sport! of, his tender. heart if they chose; : he w~ould take this wild-rose for his :own, and they could wander away to a newer country, if their:life in..the old was not happr. So more and more Norah became his companion in ,his daily walks, Iis rambles by the sea shore, and his idle half' hours in the shady garden;' and each day -he grew more convinced that, without her, happiness could not exist for him. As the autunm drew near, the vil lagers heard rumors of a quiet wedding that was to take place in the -little rustic church; and old Nelly waxed eloquent and her cap- frills swayed over a very radiant face as she spoke of Norah's elevation to a place among "the quality." A fair was in progress on the out skirts of the villinage, and Teddy was to grace the assemblage with his presence; before setting forth, lie appeared among the dwellers at "The Gull's Next" for their approval. As Captain Langtry was complimenting him upon the neat fit of his leather breeches, and the fine development of calf in its gray woolen stocking, a noise in the street drew the young Irishman outside. During his absence the Captain caught sight of the bowl of a meer schaum pipe which looked strangely familiar; it was peering forth from the pocke6 of Teddy's coat, which had been flung across the back of a chair. le. examined the pipe, and found, as lie expected, initials and a date on the silver band near the mouth-piece. "Teddy traded off an ould pistol for it ot the last fair," said'Nelly, noticilig her guest's interest. " I wonder if that old witch is an accomplice, or if the fellow humbugged her 1" muttered the Captain to him self. As lie returned the pipe to its hid ing-place, lie could scarcely suppress an indignant exclaination, for lihe dis covered a silk handkerchief bearing his own moinogram and crest in the same dingy pocket; but. when Teddy re-entered the room, all trace of as tonisheinet had vanished from Captain Langtry's face, and lie allowed: the young rustic to depart without re mark. "Confound the riscall!" the Captain exclaimed, when he was alone. "To think of his 'having my pipe and hand-. kerchief in his possessionfall'this time. besides a'l the other things that he stole from the rocks that day! No wonder the villan has 'rayson to sup pose' that the sea-monster was a. man 'like ourselies'-uncommonly like imy self! In truth, I should lik- .to give this young Paddy a taste of a prison cell; but I dare not accuse him for Norali's sake. It is well for the vil lain that I want to keep that adventure a secret from his cousin; her tender con science might rebel against marrying the m.as who had so- ill-treated old granny. No Teddy may keep his spoils and I will hold my tongue. My sweet little Norah's confidence in me shall not be disturbed for is thousand times the value of those paltry clothes. It was the day before. the wedding, and " The Gull's-Nest" was tle scene of a cheerful bustle and. confusion; the bridal pair were to start for Paris, and the little house was full of the tasteful new clothes that had been boughit for Norah. As Captain Langtry walked up and down the garden paths, someine one touched his shoulder softly from be hind; he turned and beheld Teddy, who, instead of breaking forth into one of his many voluble greetings, beckoned the Captain to follow hiim into a small summer-house. There was an air of mystery mingled with malicious tri umph about' the boy which -'excited Captainiairsgtry's curiosity as to what was conung. "Savin' your presence, but I :never before believed it was a viper we was takin' to our buzzoms, your honor," Teddy began, somewhat confusedly. "Speak out, man! What haveyou on your mind r" "Indatde, sir, but you might have told us long ago before Norah, the fool ish child, lost her heart to you. In movin' your big trunk this mornin' I let it fall-down the stairs: all the tlhings tiinibled out, and at the top of the heap I found granny's bIlue cloak. My heart is broken entirely thinkin' of poor Nornh, for the curse of the O'Toole's will follow her if she.marries the man .wiho robbed the old woman, not to spake of the lame klees." " Have you told Norah of your won derful discovery I" "Not.yet, Captain," said Teddy; and tlhen his tone chlanged. "Ifr your. honor wouldn't mind givin' me a trifle -a bit to put by in the bank for a rainyday-I perhaps would say niothin', though it was shabby of your honor to so deceive honest folks." "Are you quite sure of the honesty, Teddy "? . " What do you mean, sirf?" .I " nean-that for stealng my pipe and lihandkerchief, vwhich you mhae in your possession now, 'and the other things whlich you may have disposed of, you deserve a year in tihe peniten tiary." - \- Teddy'si~ disniyeid?face was a picture; he fell upon his knees anid begun in be seeching tones to ask forgiveness. " Get up, Teddy," said the Captain, "we , will let'tlhe shubject 'drop. W-e have both done wribng; but you have been. -more in fault. -~'ou may k'eep -my pipe as long as you keep this affair a secret; but, if you tellNorah, I will prosecute you-do you understand ' "I do, your honor." A year has passed, and Teddy still keeps his pipe and secret; and Mrs. Lngtry, who hias settled in Canada, after having, tlhrough Tom's generosity, provided for Nelly, will never know, except from her husband's lips, that sihe married A SEA-MossrTnE. [TIlE EVD.] 