LOCAL AND GENEBAI., ! WESLEYAN* ANNIVERSARY SERVI j CES AND TEA MEETING. I THE thirteenth anniversary of the Church, in Maoqaarie-sireet, was kept up is the usual manner by special services on Sunday, and a tea meeting and public meeting on Monday, The Rev. J, S. Austin preached both morn ing and evening on Sunday-the subjects being " God the defence sf the upright" and " Seeking for a lost Jesus." The first was mainly historical, and dwelt upon the life and reign of Asa, king of Judah ; and show, ing bow a nation, ss well as an individual, was safe (rom outside foes so long ac the people were God- fearing-the preacher instancing the destruction af the Spanish Armada by storm when seeking to invade England. The tea meeting on Monday evening was fairly well attended?- many of our towmen of other denominations being present-together with clergymen of other churches, and ¡ prominent Wesleyan* from Richmond and ! Wilberforce, The after meeting in the church was not a large one-though it was anything but du'l-for excellent speeches were delivered by the chairman (Alderman Linsley, J.P.), the Revs. Morgan Williams, B.A., P. Fitzgetald, J. S. Austin, and Messrs. Woodhill and Ducker ; and other speakers addressed the meeting briefly. Mr. Woodhill said that with him it was a case of love at first sight. He was much pleased with their pretty little church-but he was better pleased with their minister whom he had han the pleasure of heating preach in Richmond. He wished to say exactly what he thought, and it was this : Their minister was a manly, fearless, out spoken servant of God. He was a stranger in the district, but the first time he heard Mr. Austin preach he was much struck by his earnestness, and plain, straightforward way of saying things, and be thought to himself «. this is the man to lead a Church." Tba Christian Church to-day needed men of earnest spirit ta keep their members to gether, when they saw them looking about in all directions for excitement-and it was thus they sought the excitement of tho Salvation Army because their own ministers Were too apathetic. There was wanted more spirit and energy in the church-both among ministers and laymen ; if the Spirit of the Lord has in the Church there would b liberty in the conscience of men to speak openly and courageously. He felt it an honour to be on that platform to say a few word« in defence of their common Christian ity-and hb thought Wesleyanism, Congre, gationalism, and Presbyterianism were the main stay of Protestantism-though a day was coming when all dividing lines would be wiped out, and they would stand united as an united Christian Church. Rev. J. S. Anstin had to thank the speakers who had preceeded him for their generous remarks-alike eulogistic td himself and the Church of which he felt it an honour to be a member. He recited a humourous anecdote about a speaker having his theses written down on slips of paper-his firstly, secondly, and thirdly. The two first were got over all right, but when he came to the third, the paper was missiug, and the poor fellow was quite at a loss, for he could not think of what his thirdly was. He was not in that position, however. Ministers, when they intended preaching a sermon, began with a text-and he would begin his speech with one ; it was " Get all you can, save all you can, and all you can." This seemed contradietuiy, but he would explain, '« Get all you can-both in money and knowledge"-and in regard to the latter he wished to impress it particularly upon the boya and giris present ; when they got this knowledge,, take care of it so that they might impart it to others. So with their worldly gains ; let them get all they could and save all they could-not waste any thing-in order that they may have more to give. " The Lord loveth a cheerful giver." Some men get just enough to make them miserable. Now God never intended people to be miserable or unhappy. Religion, he would remind the young people he saw before him, was not a state of unhappiness. Let them get the religion of Jesus Christ in theirjliearts, and they would be happj. What they got, let them get it honestly, and not let the affairs of the world distress them too much. Take care of their bodies, he said, in order that they might do more good for God. Men seemed as if they couldn't live fast enough- even the electric telegraph WHS not fast enough for some people. Cer tainly, their rate of railway travelling on the Windsor line was too slow-about the slow est, he thought, in the colony ; and an im provement would be very acceptable. Still, he remembered the old days before the railways, and it was then thought to be a goud thing to be carried so expeditiously. He said again, let them take care of their bodies ; don't let them be destroyed too fast, by allowing worldly affairs to encroach upon their spiritual duties-as they did sometimes, even to keeping them from the house of prayer. When be said they were to save, yet give freely ; he meant they should abstain from self-indulgence and give all they could lo God's church. Giving had a place in the Christian religion, and God's blessing rests upon the Church whose people give liberally-the more they gBve the more they would be blessed. Coming to figures, he might say that last year tbey had a debt of £50, which had been reduced %t last Anniversary to £15. This balance had been added to by interest, etc., eo that the amount stood at £22, which, however, had been reduced again to f 16-which was the sum to be raised that evening, and which he thought they could do easily enough. A collection was taken up, and the amnunt collected was announced as £C. I Mr. R. H. D icker, J.P., made a very nest little speech. He referred to their minister's " firstly, secondly, and thirdly," and he \vou!d divide his subject in the same manner. He had-firtt to thank the ladies-and he did not know what they would do without them -for their kindness and attention at the tea tables. This drinking a cup of tea together was a social arrangement, nf which they, th» Weslevan body were great l.elievers in-and, personally, he always enjoyed himself at these social re- unions-and particularly so io Windsor, where he had so many friends and when he sat at certain young ladies' tabhs. Secondly, he had to move a vote of thanks to the Chairaao, who, he thought, was the right mau ia, thefight pla^. "TtfrT Iinsley, in his opinfon,* wis occupying his . legitimate position by sitting in the posi tion he was ; and he trusted they would see bim there on all occasions. Mr, LinsJey knew as well as he could tell him, that a horse when out af harness gets restire and , difficult to work, and it took some time before thia wore off-of course, Mr. Chairman would understand what he meant. His thirdly was to thank the gentle men who had assisted them, that evening by their presence and excellent speeches and be wished to make special reference to the Revs. Morgan Williams and P.. Fitz gerald-the latter he was particularly pleased to see, as he had been with them for several years now, until last year, when he was down on a bed of sickness. How ever, he iras pleased to see him on the present occasion, and trusted he would always be with them iu the future. As for their own minister, they all knew him, and they must join with him in concurring with what had been said of him so ably and so well by Mr. Woodhill. Hr. Austin was a most zealous and earnest worker, and it was his heartfelt wish that overy member would give him their hearty support and assistance. Mr. Gambriil responded for the ladies, and the Chairman briefly thanked them for the compliment paid him. Ur. Simpson moved a vote of thanks to the choir, which Mr. Price seconded. Mr. Gambriil, the leader, responded. Mr. Austin then stated that with the collection that evening, aud the proceeds of tea meeting, the debt was reduced to something below £0 -which small debt he trusted would soon be paid off. The proceedings terminated with tho Doxology and Benediction. We may state that during the evening, several choice selections were sung by the Choir-Miss Austin presiding at the organ. " Two Pecks make one bushel." So said Mr. Levien in Court the other day. If so, we may safely aoncludo that three Pecks make a bushel and a half-but how many to make a Cauldron-or rather, a Waldron-long measure ? MR. C. J. Haynes woeded ont the jury, physiognomically, we may presume ; if so, it only shows what we told Professor Hawkins, that physiognomy is all astray. Anyhow, the tailor, the baker, the farm ers, the orohardist, and tho retired grocer, were not up the physiognomical standard in the eyes of Charles John. Ouu Court-house was lit up, on Wednes day, for the first time with the new light gas-light; but there were other lights knocking about-very gassey lights too and they lit up splendaciously. One of 'em indulged in a sort of red Indian yell and a war danes-and if he had scalped his opponent we should not have been at all surprised. Council stood aghast, the judge sat still in despair, the reporters went to sleep in sheer disgust, and the people in Court sniggered -yet the 'new aspirant for forensic honours danced round, up and down, and whispered to the judge in confi dence after the manner of bis tribe- so that everybody could bear. " Punting" got fits, and the Queen's English suffered horribly. The ghosts of Lindley Murray and Matthew Arnold, were, no doubt, shocked at the brutal treatment of their mother tongue ; but it made no odds, this new edition of Mudgee Taylor, Nin.. Melville, and Jawbone Nield rolled into one, shrieked his war-whoop until his ten pounds of flesh was served out to him ; and then, and not till then, was Shylock happy, or peace restored. ^ ,¡g . POLICE.-Thursday.-A strapping young fellow named James Wilson, arrested on previous evening, was charged with vagrancy. Wilson had been prowling about Newtown for several days ; he had no work nor place of abode, and the constable thought he had better, in the interests of the public, take care of him. Mr. Becke, after questioning the accused as to his mode of life, whether he intended to get work or what he meant to do, duly cautioned him that if he was again brought before him ho'd be punished with imprison ment, and then discharged him. Friday. Before the P.M. Mrs. Dunstan v. Bowman, for recovery of a tenement. The parties did not appear. Booth licenses were granted to Michael Kelly, of the " Farmers' Home," Rich mond Road, and W. W. Douglass. "Killarney Inn," Magrath's Hill, for the Hawkesbury District Agricultural Show, to be held at Clarendon, on the 12th, 13th, and 14th instants. " BUCNU-FAIBA.."-Quick, complete cure, all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At chemists and druggists. Moses Moss & Co., Agents, Sydney. " ROUGH ON EATS."-Clears out rats, mice, ronches, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, infects, skunks, jack rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists. THE following are the gentlemen ap pointed to serve on the Poyal Commission, to enquire into the Bulli disaster : Dr. J. E. M. Robertson, F.R.S..C.E-, JP., G. O'Malley Clarke, S.M., John Jones, Esq., John Owens, Esq., John Young Neilson, Esq. PUBLIC HOLIDAY.-A public holiday has been proclaimed in the district on the 13th instant-the second day of the H. D. A. A. Show. It is hoped the weather will be propitious-in which case things should beA.L THE Sydney Referee-the largest and beet sporting paper in Australia-may be obtained at Fuller & Co.'s every Thursday morning. ONLY THREEPENCE. Two. jurymen were fined 40s each, on Tuesday, for non-attendance, viz. : Thomas Cassidy, farmer. Riverstone, and Samuel Nicholls, Wilberforce. "ROUGH ON ITCH."-" Rough on I ch, cures skin humois, eruptions, ring worm, tetter, salt rheum, fros lcd feet, chilblains, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch, " RoyçH ON CORNS."-Ask for Wells " Rough on Coins." Quirk relief, complete, peri- C;:ent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At chemists and druggists. It is impossible to remain long sick or out of health where American Co.'s Hop Bitters are used. See another. and Buff believing that, owing to the T5i weather last week/ they did . tint Italie. oui measure correctly, deehled |o; ,-give thijgopi people of Windsor anpiher tnrp, end accord' ingly billed the tow« Ï» Tussriay. and , ^ed? nesday nights-"Oiír >],4y«" wlrae'iárá night, and Eatt Lynne" .the.', second - tb< latter with an entire change in the cast o characters. " Our Boys" waa played her' some lime ago-by the .*? Australian Comedy Company," and as Byron's sparkling comedy is always entertaining when fairly well pul on, one was quite prepared for a good even, ing's entertainment ¡it the hands of thc Hamilton-Duff Company. Unfortunately, there was a very poor house-worse even than last week, when the weather was so wet. It was naturally expected that Miss Clara Stephenson's name would have been an at traction, but it wasn't-though had the people outside Seen that lady's merry, smil ing face, and her magnificent costumes, wc feel /iure they would not have hesitated twice about planking down their coin. To Messrs, Thorpe and Heyford were assigned the im. portant characters of Sir Geoffrey Champneyt and Mr. Perkyn Middlewick-and well they played their parts ; both were good, thougli Mr, Hosford certainly excelled as the retiree! I butterman. " Our Boya," Talbot anti Charles, lound good representatives in Mr, Stirling Duff and Norman Rose-the chane ter of " Chawles" suiting Mr. Duff tn a T ¡ while Miss Clara Stephenson and Miss Amy Nelson took the important parts of Mary and Violet Melrose-and really they were a pail of jemarkahly fine girls, handsome and bux om enough to turn the hearts of any numhei nfhovs. leave alone such impressionable youngsters ns Talbot and " Chawles." The chnracter of Clarissa Champnevs was wei! sustained hy Miss Annie Brandt, and Mist Minnie Francis (as Belinda) made a capital slavey. The play ran very smoothly, and wc ore sorry that so many of our townsmen ami women, shu we know appreciate a good plav, were absent. We fully expected tn find a good house on Wednesday night, bu: was again disappointed- though we could eee more reason for it than on Tuesday night, seeing that " East Lynne" is good enough for once, hut don't go down twice with many people. Persons of critical minds and taste, and who may have made a study of the durna, may take an interest in the same play night aUer night-if only to note thc varia tions of one set of actors; but when tho cast is entirely changed -as it w as on \Vedne6d iy night, there was lots of food for the critic as we found before poor Lady Isabel gave np the ghost. Anyhow, the change was not for the best. It may be that the wretched house disheartened the performers, or that the abominable conduct of a few individuals at the hack disgusted them ; but the truth must be told-the representation was not near so good as it was on Tuesday of lust week, though the text was more closely ad. hered tn. Mr. John Heslonl again took the rofe of Archibald Carlyle-and, we thin!, showed an improvement, particularly in one or two little matters in connection with hi dress. Mr. J. Thorpe essayed the part of Sir Francis Levison, and though he is really a very good actor, he by no means comes tip io our idea nf the profligate rake ; his con ception of the chnracter is quito original, and by no means equal to either Mr. Duff's, or any other actor we have ever seen perform it Sir Francis Levison was a scoundrel, but he was » high -bred one, and-if you will-a gentlemanly one; but Mr. Thorpe made him a foroal- n escaped ians Culotte of the barri cades, from New Caledonia, Brest, or Ton'on. He acted well-granted ; but he was a coarse ruffian-albeit, with a spice of polish ; the fact is, he was as much inferior to Mr. Duff as Miss Stephenson was to Miss Ford. Now «8 Lord Mount Severn, Mr. Duff was by n" means bad, though rather a young-looking old nobleman, in spite of his grey wig and whiskers. Mr. Duff is always high-ton^d, ind "his lordship" lost nothing at his hands. Both Mr. Hcsford and Mr. Thorpe are good actors, hut as Archibald Carlyle and Sir Francis Levison they are nut of pince. We were disappointed too in Miss Stephenson ; for bonnie a6 she WJS as Mary Melrose, lier Lady Isabel <vas simply a burlesque. She cannot, in the first place, subdue that merrv smile of hers-it seems habitual to her : she speaks too quick, is to> bulky-or rather, we should sny, embonpoint-and alas, she is too old. No doubt she acted well, and dressed well -though rather "loud"; hut her dis guise as Madame Vine was of the flimsiest. Miss Seephenson's physique is against her just as Miss Nelson's is in her favour. This lady was again Cornelia Carlyle, and again a big success-though her make- up was no! quite so aged-which, deficiency, however, : was made up by an enormous coal-scuttle bonnet of the quaker persuasion. Miss Nelson is a gem, and that means everything. Joyce was introduced, on Wednesday night, in the person of Miss Minnie Brandt, únd she acted her part very intelligibly-though, and we sre sorry to say it-Barhara HTJ sniffled immensely at the hands of Miss Francis. This young lsdy is a capiial slavey-but all the fine feathers " rich satin gouns," etc., she may heap upon her, doesn't make her a fit consort for Archibald Carlvle. There's as mueh difference between her Barbara Hate and Miss Ethel Grey's, as there is between the latter's and Miss Dampier's. A Mr. Milne spoiled poor old Dill entirely-and made but a calf of a Bullock ; while Mr. Norman Rose (however that is what the play-bill called him-though we don't think it wis that gentleman at all, for il we mistake not it was Mr. Rose who played the part of Bullock last week, and who appeared in " Our Boy«" as Perkyn Middlewick, with thc Australian Comedy Company^ appeared as Bichard Hare, and acted the part fairly well. Mr. Marshall again gave the audience some first rate music between the Acts. At any rate, the Com pany eliould do well in Newcastle-rï-to which i grimy ci'y they are bound after doing a night or two al Penrith. They made a mistake in I repealing East Lynne here: had something new been put on tln-y would have had a good house. -When the whole Company is trr gether, and each one ¿ets into his nr her proper piafe-a round peg ill a round hole, etc., they will form a fairly good company. TYWLE'S PENNyHOYal. .iXD STEEL PILLS FOJl FEMALES quickly correct all irregularities, «nd relieve ¿le <îi«llessing symptoms so prevalent withthe sex. Boies lc Ij'lamlSs !<d, of all Chemists. Prepared only by E. T- Towlc Chemist, Notting liam, England. Wholesale ol all thc Wholesale booses. Bevan of Imitations There arc more cores made br American Co.'s Hop Bitters Ibarj all other medicines. Sec. 