Proposed Naval Reserve Force. A deputation, consisting of delegates from the Seamen's Union, representing some 12,000 Beamen, and also ehipmastWF, voited upon the Premier on Tues day, to bring under his notice certain pro posals in connection with the organisation, of a Naval Reserve Force. There were present Mr. Hurley, M.L.A. ; Captains J. C. Hounding, E. JS. Brett, E. C. Ghost, Messrs. T. M. Davis, S. Smith, and W. CouseM. Mr. Davis read a statement to the Premier in which it was pointed put that the Australian colonies possessed 12,000 officers and seamen fax Active service, and that there was no eyetein here to enable them to join the Royal Naval Re serves.. .-Fast steamers were being classed hb cruisers on the Admiralty list fur our coastal trade ; and taking1 1Mb fact into consiueraiion, tneyjtnougnt it would be for the benefit of England if the colonies established a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve. It would be a very great assistance to England and Australia in time of a serious Euro pean' war. A considerable number of seamen could be enrolled in a very short time, and in a faw months many would be efficient in their drill and able to man a considerable number of the mercantile cruisers for the protection of the coast. It would strengthen the Imperial navy, immensely bv not having to weaken the fighting strength of thelniDenal warships, as in the case of the Lusitama and Massilia during tbe Hussion war scare; Tlie expense of such a reserve would be very small indeiBdxpinpared to the Naval Brigade. The present great expejueor the Naval Brigade for 1887 was £5814. The men-all told numbered 328. The deputation was sure that arrangements could be made with the Imperial' authorities to pay half the expense of such a reserve. It was also pointed out that this matter had been brought before the Federated Seamen's Union of Australia, and the proposal had _. passed unanimously. They felt it their duty as British officers and. seamen, for the better protection of these colbnies, to introduce the subject of establishing a branch of, *hi Royal Naval Reserve Force. If the British Government paid half of the cost, this force could be established by the colony contributing an annual amount of £2050 10s. ; amd instead of having onlv 328 men for £5814, ihe colony would have the benefit o'f 1000 men for the saine money. Sir Henky Parkes, after having stated that to do what the deputation required a drilling school would have to be established, which would always need to be open, said, all he could say was that the representations which, had been, made to him would be fully considered. As far sb he could see atvthe present moment, he thought their sugges tions -were, deserving of a good deal of thought and ex amination:' fie would promise them a full consideration of the case as it was presented to them. 