MY lADY'S GUhe, Told By an Ex- Detective. Chapter I. — Lady Clavell. ' You think tbafc it must be some one m tne li0,tI have not the elighest doubt of it, Sir Arthur. Yoa see, the money from your a. iftrffe amount— is nothing co what they might have taken. You had five hundred pounds in gold ?' And only fif tv -five h ave gone. Now, had that been an ordinary thief, he would have taken the lot ' . . 4 Yes, that puzzles. I can t make " out. My servants have been in my family for years. I would as soon think of doubting my own honour as theirs.' „ 4 But someone must have taken the money I 4 Undoubtedly it has gone. , I have not let a single person know anything about it only you. I have Btrong reasons for wishing to have the matter cleared up, but stronger ones in keeping it quiet. Should the— the discovery at all touch tbe honour of my family . You understand me, Mr. Gerval ?' 4 Perfectly,' I said ; although I added to my self, ' May I be hanged if I do! There is more mystery here than Sir Arthur chooses to explain. But I will find it out. 4 Bat surely, Sir Arthur, if it be only a small sum of money — for fifty-fiva pounds is a email sum of money to you— it would be better to let the matter drop and — 4 Leave suspicion on everybody ! Baia o:r Arthur. ' No, I am careful and sensitive as to mv own honour, and therefore would be the same of that of the humbleBt of my servants. Mr. Gerval, you mu6t discover the thief; and I alone must know who it is. ' Sir Arthur, I must tell you plainly that if I discover the thief I shall do all I can to bring him or her to justice. I ana not one of those who like a law for the rich and one for the poor. But still I will take the matter up, and will leave it to yon, as a county magis trate, to say how. far you will prevent the law from taking its course. Now you have employed me to find out this matter, I will do mp best ; but I warn you, Bhould further inquiries become necessary, I am not bound to silence. By binding myself to that I might almost become a partner in the felony.' 4 I should hold you clear,' said Sir Arthur, proudly. ' Maybe you would, but I should not hold myself clear. Look here, Sir Arthur : You want this thing found out. If lam to do it, let me do it But if you are going to chain | my hands with all kinds of restrictions, I will : throw the matter up at once. Of course, I when I have discovered the trne criminal, if you do not care to charge, the case ceases ; but I tell you this — if I find the slightest suspicion has been thrown upon an innocent person, that person's character mast be cleared ' 4 1 quite agree with you. All I ask is that you let me know before yon arrest or charge anyone.' Certainly. And now, Sir Arthur, I am your guest. No ooe must have tbe slightest idea of my business down here, or tbev will be on their guard.' 1 1 Bee. I will do as you wish, Mr. Gerval — only do discover the thief. That once done, we shall know how to treat the matter.' 1 1 never make rash promises, but I will do my best. However, you must keep my busi ness a secret.' ' You ned not fear me. Do you shoot ?' 4 Yes. That is, I used to be a pretty good shot.' ' Then we will have a turn through the woods. If we don't have much 6port, you will have time to put any questions to me you desire. Have you any other plans yon wish to place before me?' 4 Not at present. You might tell your wife that I am an eccentric fellow — been abroad a good deal — sleep badly — am giveu to wander ing about at night. Almost a kind of harm less lunatic ' 4 You are giving yourself a nice character,' laughed Sir Arthur ; ' but let it be as you wish ' ' That's right. Sic Arthur,' I replied. 1 Now about the gold.' Oh, I have removed that.' 4 Then replace it- Do not let the thief have the slightest idea that you suspect him The bait ia too tempting to be neglected for long. The money that has been taken wiU not last long, and t.hen he will come for a little more.' ' He ! Then yon have made up yonr mind that the thief is a man V ' I suppose so. Have you any reason to think it was a woman ?' Sir Arthur's face flushed red, and he answered quickly : 4 No, no— oh, no ! Have I not told you that I have no idea who can be the thief ?' Sir Arthur was a young-looking man— one of those clear-complexioned. light-haired gentlemen whose age it is so difficult to dis cover. I judged by the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes that he was not so young as he looked Hisface was bright and honest enough, but there was a weakness about the moutb which the moustache failed to conceal. I summed up Sir Arthur's character as follows Strictly honest, and painfully sensitive about the honour of his family. He was not wealthy for his position, and had but little talent for business. He was essentially an idle man, disliked business o! all kinds ; but still, when worked up to a pitch,' the smouldering fire would burst out into a fierce flame, as mad as it was violent. But, like all fierce fires, it soon burned itself out, and left the baronet weaker in resolve than he had been before. At .luncheon the 'ervanfc informed as tbat Lady Clavell had a sick headache, and begged to be excused ; so we made a hasty meal and then, having put on our shooting dress we took our guns and strolled into the plants- tion. I do not think we had any idea of shooting, but it was an excuse for our being alone. 6 4 You have & fine place here, Sir Arthur but one which I should think wonld be a perfect Paradise for poachers.' ' In my father's time it was so but I fonud means to put a atop to a good'deat of lv 4 Indeed ! May I ask how that was' ' Why, I gavewny tenants permission to shoot as many days in the season; so thev became as jealous about my preserves i f they were their own. Thus every man became a gamekeeper, and woe betide anv stranger they caught here ! They take the Jaw m their own hands, and rough is the wav they administer it.' 4 No? a bad idea, Sir Arthur. You mioht call it the Converted Poachers' Association ' lea, my people and I get on very well together. I have only one disagreeable neighbour— a feltaw who lives down in the hollow yonder. That little patch of land and that miserable cottage are freehold It . appears my grandfather, who was not too> steady, wrongerd a "farmer's d ughteT gave her that house to live in, together ujH, 1 a small annuity. It is now inhabited by JJ, old miser, about the only bad character on the estate. I have offered the old fellow four times the value of the wretched hovel but he refuses it — does it out of spite to xo£ I know of no particular cause, unless it wa» that my father once had him imprisoned for poaching. And be certainly was a most dishonest old ruffian. Ad y way, there he is, and there be sticks, declaring — and with perfect right — that he has as much right to his estate as I have to mine There is & mystery about tbe old fellow I do not like. He left the place for some years, leaving his 44 estate" under tbe care of a lawyer at Brass- ton— a man as bad as himself. I hoped the old fellow had gone for good, but one morn ing he returned as suddenly as he had gone. I suppose it is a kind of superstition ; but somehow, whatever goes wrong at the hall I pat down as the work of old Silas Markham — even to the money which I have lost ' 4 Let ns cat through the wood, and have a look at tbe old place,' said I. 4 I must not go near it,' said Sir Arthur. 4 Once I did. and not only did the old fellow order me off the premises, but he sent me a lawyer's letter threatening me with an action for trespass.' We both laughed at this, and, taking a gun each, we strolled into the wood. Soon we came to an open glade, beyond which, down in a hollow, was old Markham's cottage. Suddenly Sir Arthur clutched my arm and held me back. The door of the cottage opened, and out of it came a lady dressed in a riding-habit. She spoke to some one in the house, but of coarse we could not hear what she said though we could tell by her action that she was in a violent passion. Then we heard a load buret of coarse laughter come from the cottage, and an old man came oat making low bows of mock humility to the lady. She raised her whip as if she wonld lagh bim over the face ; but, controlling her temper, she hurried to the broken fence, where ahorse had been tied, leaped on to its back, and rode away directly towards as. As she approached I took off my hat and bowed to her, whilst I noticed Sir Arthur concealed himself in the wood. She gazed haughtily at me at first, and then, turning her horse's head, galloped away. I turned to Sir Arthur, seeking an ex planation of this. He was pale as death, and his lip quivered. 4 PerhapB,' B&id; I, 4 it will be better not to proceed any farther in the matter. You had batter put up with the loes you you have had, and not pnrsne the matter further, I don't like the look of things.1 I don't know whether there is anything in what the world calls ' blood I do not believe in it myself. I can only say tbat Sir Arthur recovered his calmness in a most wonderfoi manner, and, drawing himself up haughtily, said : 4 Mr. Gerval, if a blot has fallen upon n f name, I will not rest until my honour ia vindicated. 4 This lady ie ' 4 My Wife,' he groaned ; and then he reeled back against a tree for support. Here was another mystery. Why had Lady Clavell visited old Markham at that miser able cottage ? I waited until Sir Arthnr had recovered a little from the Bhock, and then said : 4 Sir Arthnr, be warned by me— this is some family would nor. conceal it, as well for the sake of those who had gone before me as those who will come after. My title, my very name, dies with me, for I have only one child — a girl— but not even for her sake would I live with a woman whom 1 canQot trust. Listen to me, Gerval. The truth of this matter I must know. Find out all par ticulars — prove that you know the thief— then leave the matter to me, and you shall be well r6W&T;(l6df ' Very well, Sir Arthur, I'll do all I can. Now let us go down and bare a look at the cottage.' The cottage was a picturesque but miser able place. At one time there must have been a blacksmith's forge at the side of it ; but the large wooden shutters closed the windows, no furnace roared under the blast of tbe bellows ; there was no ring of the hammer. All was Bilent. No, not all ; for now oat of this dismal-looking place a shoot of laughter came that shook the very rafters. Sir Arthur paused, and his face turned purple with rage. 4 And she has been there !' he gasped, as he grasped his gun nervously. ' She' 4 Gome, come, Sir Arthur,' I said ; 1 keep calui, and do me a favour. That is, go back to the hall, and wait there patiently until 1 return.' 4 What would you do?1 'Discover what lean of this robbery. If yon are seen with me, 1 can do nothing. Go.' 4 Very well ; I suppose I must obey,' said Sir Arthnr. 4 But how I shall meet Lady Clavell I do not know.' 4 Meet her as if nothing had happened. If she asks after me, tell her tbat I have gone into the town to see if any letters have come for me, and that I shall be back soon. Above all, do not let her think that I am a de tective.' Sir Arthur did not mnch like leaving me. I rather fancy that he shrank from inquiries being made now that the evidence Beeaied to point to his wife ; but I had my notion of thiuga. and I determined to carry thein out. With bent down head Sir . Arthur walked away. I watched him out of sight, and then turned down across the low field, walked up to the cottage from which we had seen the lady come, and knocked at the door. The laughter ceased in a moment, and 1 heard the hurry of feet, as if some oue was putting away bottles and glasses. Then came the mumbling of voices and a pause, 8 the people wished that the place should b® thought empty. I knocked again, and then the door was opened by the old man whom I had es®n bidding the lady farewell. . 4 Pardon my disturbing you,' I said, ' bat I have been out shooting, and have lost my way. Would you kindly direct me to Pingl® bury ?' That was the nearest town to ow Arthur's seat. . The old man glanced sharply at me as he slowly made answer. f Pinglebury is a long way frojn hfiC8-" indeed, you are coming away from it inwe is a quick cut across the plantation ; but fir Arthur is a strict man. If you were to waia across his estate without permission hewouKl have you up for trespass ; and w th that gta» he would have you up for poaching— ay» press the bench to inflict the heaviest pumtn menfcou you they could.' , 4 l ao not think he would do it with me. answered, carelessly. 4 In, the first pw®;' know Sir Arthnr, and have his permissicn » shoot over h'B estate, and so 1 am safe. 4 "But yoa have not permission to shoot ow t wot hafe tkJrmaid the old . ' ,imn iJttftTlPf I r — r ir"" — wi wi%ty ipwipwi ini'l' nal'i iii Tfaiif 3p wish lto ver o ; |gte, WMwvcr that may be. t only want a i drink of wa»ri or aom®fa,oiri«oo<ier, if you should h»7e aQch a thing. I wiU pay you : If - -At the mention of payment the old man's repaleive, scowlingface broke into sruilea, and he glanced .quickly over his shoulder,, as H (o consult someone in the postage. Perhaps the gentleman istired, Si,' cried gome OQ® i tbe cottage., Let him comsin, by all means, and rest. .Maybe I'll show him the war Pingiebary. , I . shall have to go there in the afternoon.' The old man hesitated, but as that was the very thing I wanted I pushed by him, and entered the cottage. Tbe cottage was a miserable -place enough, for all the waits were: bate of- paper, that having peeled off long ago Toe ceiling was black with smoke, and the furniture' con sisted of one ricketty table, on which were a jar of spiritB aod some glasses and broken pipes. The chairs were what are known as Windsor chairs, and, to my thinking, about the most comfortable you could find ; and in one of these a man, dressed as a heavy swell, was seated, one leg thrown over one arm of the chair, and bis handsome, bold, bad face thrown back as he examined me super ciliously through his half-closed eyelids. I don't know what gives the instinct which an experienced detective has, but I know directly my ejes light upon a man whether he is good aod honest or a scoundrel. I knew directly this man was the latter. 'Well, mister,' he said, coolly, 'so yon are a friend of our neighbour, Sir Arthur ? Gad ! but be has & hue place up there. Still he begrudges us our little place down here. Bat let hira get it — if he can. We don't care a pin for Sir Arthur, and we'll make him bow to us yet.' 'Are you druakor mad V cried the old man, trembling with passion. Do you want everybody to know our secrets ?' 1 Secrets be banged ! If I don't get better terms than this, I will work my own way.' 1 Silence, you fool !' said tbe old man ; and he enatchsd the bottle away from the fellow, who was about to replenish his glass. Don't take any notice of him, sir ; he's mad <Lunh. He often gets so, sir, since he was crossed in love.' Crossed in love !' cried the fellow. I fcell yon she was — nay, she 19 my wife. I . ' ' Take a driuk,' said tbe old man, pouring oat almost a tumbler of neat spirits and handing it to the man. The fellow gave a shout of laughter, drank off the ep'rits, aud crossing his arms on the table, either did or appeared to fall into a drunken aleeo. ' Oar friend bad better take care,' said I, ' or he will have deiirinui tremens. This whiskey is strong, too,' for the old man had handed me a glass. ' Yes, yes— he will have it so. He's my son, sir. I — I brought him up abroad. He's been a heap of trouble to me — a heap ; hut he has been a comfort at times, and never forgot his old father.' ' i'ne ppirit is too strong for me. May I trouble yon for some water V The old man muttered something about tbe well being hard to draw from ; but taking a jag from the table, went to get the required water. In an instant I had stooped down and pi iked op a glove — a small glove — which evidently belonged to a lady. I managed to slip it in my pocket unobserved by the other ; but in stooping to pick it un I upset a bag which was on the table, and out of it rolled some sovereigns. At that moment I beard tbe old man re turning, and resumed my seat as soon as I could, bat not quick enough to prevent the old man, who at that moment returned, from seeing me. His bushy eyebrows closed over his nose nntil they met, and his eyes had that red glare which ouly very bad men have. ' What were you doing with that gold ?' he BnarUd. ' What right have you to touch it?' 'None at a'l, and I did so by the simplest Rccident. I dropped my handkerchief on the floor, aud in stooping to pick it up upset that bag which ' There, that will do !' said the old man, as he hastily thrust back the gold into the bag, and then put the lot into his pocket. ' Now take your drink and go. You see I have enough to do with my son.' 'loarBonl' I said carelessly. 1 lb is sad to aee a man take so to drink.' '( It's not only drink,' snarled the old man, it e trouble, trouble. He has had lots of trouble.5 It can t b money matters, at all events,' 1 Baid, ' for you have plenty of gold.' Mattering an oath, the old man growled oat sometbing about people minding their n "a®'n«8s ; and having been well paid for toe drink, he hurried me away out of the house. Here wa? a nice mystery to solve. I had no aoubt now how and -where Sir Arthur's gold went. These villains had Lady CI a veil in toeir poer, and compelled her to rob her husband to supply their wants. But how I break tbe terrible newe to Sir Arthur Claveil? The baronet evidently M.orea hie wife and child, so that the news mieht almost kill him. I determined to say nothing about tbe ju&tter; at present, but to request that I might e permitted to sleep on the sofa that was in the room by the safe whenever I liked, p hve discovered something, Mr. . rvai said the baronet, when I made this I have ; hat nothing of much consequence. «ly at he ladyship dropped her glove in the cottage 5 eagerly, and, having examined i Uiraat it into his breast pocket. tnr ;,18 her glove ; and she has robbed me pa.JiT0 Boundrele 1' he muttered. Mr. 0 il mef kady Claveil in Paris. She was fi«?«-njLw'dor in love with ber at st sight. Her husband, she told me, had lnvo1? Att®tralia— at the gold diggings. I RnH , e.r-itl nanch to doubt. I married her, WbJI tlua coud of suspicion rose np h&DDier; ',l8, D peopfe n the world could be tbiFtl'laJ)81 Jr Arthur, you had better let anv drop. Get rid of tnese fellows at price, and then forget ' mv nrleej? , Never ! Snail I blind myself to a dishonour ? No, Mr, Gerval. I owe 1 will v 80c,®tr« a,?d must fulfil it— at least, A?!?11-0 the Worak' rannim? -naoment a beautiful little girl came arm« aLnfH fc u® room» ttnd' throwing her . oif be baronet, cried : MattlnL!lpa, do cnme tnto the garden! is hoite come bftck r0fn her "de, and 'No? T now She 9ent ®»® t ask yon.' her nowi nay dear Ella,' said engaged r ®8' do you 888 thatI her kroirl drew back, and looked at me with Eton SCl!5m®8ter®8» Uke » startled fawn. w» »he advanced to me and, holdtog offt , .. .. -Tn ' abo«r/hwWft,L «< a w4d abmn tbe glove Come, EUa-we will all 1 We passed out into the besntHnl grounds \ ?nwa W'-OlnwH. Her hck was i o wards us, and mv prsctwed ve saw torn HenrhS .? Hr bknds were firmlv £1 tf®, paned down a path Sen rt"hfttW0en be<Jpeow8, she now and I: 8t8mPed her foot with angry impatience. K y 'Mamma, mamma !' cried little Ella. I he lady turned. Her large dark eyes w«re flashing and her cheeks were burn ng wit.h Ih? JStTlS? W ' »®®boner did j?, S.1T Arhnr than her face became aZl ll Pa'e. ®nd as the little girl ran to her, L aJ,d k,9SQd her forehead. « Ji I? ' U I died out of those eyes then, and bright tears had taken their place, and I heard her whisoer, 'For yonreake, I will sacrifice a'l' -i hen, drawing hersrlfnjj, she. was intro duced to me, and Sir Arthur and all of us i sauntered through the woods. ol 'er.? WJ0,,f pleasing companion, bhe had travelled in France, Italy. Spain and tsermany. She loved the sea, and declared bir Arthur must take a yacht for the summer. But, for all her pleasant talk, there was that in her ladyship's eyes T did not like— a look of trembling terror, which was only con- cealed from careleBS observers by her firm wifl. I watched that she played carelessly with a letter, and that when Sir Arthur was looking the other war ehe threw the letter hehjnd abueh, and then walked hastilv on. I followed, hut took the first opportunity of returning and obtaining the epistle, which read as fol'owa : — Dar Ella, — I am glad vou have oome round to reason. Think what I gave up— .wour n«n charming self, and all for a few paltry pounds To-night FPU niufc lftt njfl into Jihrarv. and give me the key of the safe. Then I wilj leave the country for ever, and take old Silas with me. I think I let you off cheaplv. The window rauat be open at. two o'clock .Your — well, no, I will not say it. G.M. Here, th»n. waR the mveterv explained Should T tell Sir Arthur of this ? No ; bpt I resolved that, night to sleep on the sofa hv the safe, and pot even the baronet shonld know of mv determination. What came of it the next chapter will show. Chapter IT. — Confession Acting «n the permisnon which I had received from Sir Arthur, after I had remedied in mv bedroom a ronnle of houm, rav Ggbt opt. and mvneif drpnoc, T s-o1e down sair«, and entered the lih.rg where the safe wa». Foiling mvself np ip travelling mg, vhich I bed brought, for the purpose. T 'aid down on the sofa, taking care to so place the rug «a to well conceal me. Time naeoed elewlv enough for rae, until I saw a l'ght between the cracks of the phuft«ro A knife who inaerf.o<j in th division, and the iro« bar hioh fastened it removed off +h eatch T aaw a+ once that all had been prepare'' for tbe u'cIrts to have free access n the bouse. for what purpose ? Could ha dark, handsome woman, Lady CJavaU. tofOiy and truiv be in league with the thieves ? It seemed like it, for the shutters were dosed und tbe bars put up, but not fastened. These we»e now most carefully removed, evidently by a skilful baud ; for ai t-er one had been raised out of the bolr., it wrb left to swing quietly down so that scarcely any noise was made. In this way the shutters were unfastened, and tbe burglars were about to open them geutly, when a female form, Cad in a dressing gown, gilded into tte room., and I notice by tbe gleam of tbe moonlight that she held a revolver in her band. 1 don't how it was, but there was a strange dramatic effect in ail this which seemed to charm aud bold me spellbound. I watched the scene with a fascination which made me almost forget my purpose of detection. Scarcely had the lady taken her place, when the shutters were pushed gentiy back, and in au iuetaut tbe room was flooded with the soft silver light of the moon. i can see that room now, with its rows of books, ita massive oak furniture, the iron safe, and that pale, handsome woman crouching down, waiting, feariag, and yet with a glare of the tigress in her eves, clutching the pisfol. A terrible scene, which I watched with interest. The first man who entered I recognised at once as the younger fellow whom I had seen at the cottage in tbe dell. 4 George, George,' whispered Silas. ' be cautious — now do ! I — I doo't like this busi ness. You will ruin Ella.' 4 What do I care about ruining her ?' said the fellow. Keep quiet. I will soon bava the safe open. I know my flue lady, and do not mean to stop here.' Sue dare not do anything again us.' Bah ! She dare do anything ! You ought to know that. I tell you that was a detective she seut down to the cottage. He thought me asleep, but I saw him remove her lady ship's glove. Come, old father Silas, here is the safe. Let us clear it out aud then be off. This place is getting too hot for all of us, I think.' Well, well, be as you like — only let us make haste. I don't know how it is I have beeu in many a difficult case like this, but I never felt sach fear.' Tut ! You are getting old and nervous. I told her where to put the key. She will do it right enough, and then we will draw upon her from a distance. She shall he oar agent, and her husband sball be our banker.' Even the old man chuckled at this, and they advanced towards the safe. ' Stand back !' said & clear, sharp voice ; and Lady Claveil rose to her feet and presented the revolver at George Markbam, who started back as if he had seen a ghost. ' By Jove.' he cried, ' it's Ella. What is the meaning of thie acting!' it means that I am at bay — that I am prepared to brave tbe worst sooner than submit to being in the power of such men as you- You thought to hold me under your thumb — to compel me by terrorism to rob mv husband to supply your wants Fool that I was, I yielded out of fe&rt; a d so deceived the noblest man and the best of husbands. Success made you more and more rapacious. Your demands grew heavier and heavier, and I sank more and more in your power. I saw my husband's suspicions were aroused, and when I agreed to your coming here to-night, it was that I might take you in a trap. Dare to touch one thing in this house aud I will shoot you down like a dog. What axe you to me?' ' Only your husband, my fine lady. Call Hp tbe bouse if you wilU I think any man " J. J> I..."' 1 ""nJgS -Wife - -'--A ifebp gfb in m ad£ hi 1 s tart ftrtd tu rii ttoui) d TJ ere at thed >or; looking like a gho't in the pale mo onlight, was Sir Ar'har Olavell. Hh fa « w ms ghastiv to.'eHo'd. It was deidiy whitef an i th- feature- switched wi h emotion. .NeverLh-tJess, 'h1 ndvancid boldly imo te if 'om, and, cmtro lig his votcei with marvellous power, said : 4 Ella, I hftpe beard all. T ell me the truth. If I csinno forgive, I tvdl pardon. But thiuk of our child.' 1 Arthur, A rthur, cried Lady C'avell, 1 will confess all. I am not cht man's wife. My father— heaven forgive me for having th speak so of a oarent ! — was a gambler. fl« came of a good family, but the life -he led made ail bis friends leave him. He married a French lady. T was born, and for some time fortune seemed to smite upon him. Wp travelled from place to place— to all the to wo where gambling was permitted One day the luck changed, and poverty stared us in tbe face. At that time that man, George Markbam, crossed my father's path. They became partners, and weak and broken as my father was, he Boon frtll into that man's power. I was scarcely more than a child then My mother was dead, aod I had no one to aid or advise me. I allowed myself to be betrothed to this man. My poor father seemed to be in the wretch's power ; still he did all he could to prevent, the marriage taking place, and it was pat off from time to time. At last the wretched dav came. Bat Providence was kind. At the church door, as I was being led in, two gendarmes seized that man es an escaped convict. He denied it, when his coat was rudely torn off, his shirt-sleeve rolled, up, and there, branded on his shoulder, were the letters 11 T F " He hd escaped from the galleys, to which he had been condemned ?or l'fe. He was then transported to New Caledonia, from whence he escaped to Australia, where he met that old man.' Here she pointed to Silas Markham. 1 He says he is his father, bat. I do not know. Again thev escaped— by some means having obtained mnnev — and cams here. They recognised me, and, bv threads of the vilest r»uur«, made me supply them with money. Forgive me, mv bnsband. I have told you all.' 'Yes, all,' said George Markham, 'She was legally betrothed to me, and, in the sight of heaven;' is mv wife.' ' Stand back !' cried Sir Arthur, as be folded his wife to his bosom. She is my wife, and I will protect her. Officer, do your du.y.' I sprang up; in a moment and rn«hed t George; but he was too quick for me. He snapped a pistol in mv face, hut it misled fire. Still, it had the effect of staggering me. T was out of the window and after him like a Bhot. There were horses there by which the would-be, robhere t»Ad come. He seized one horse aud leaped into the saddte ; I the other, and awav we raced t.hrQQgV, y.hie park. H9 rode well, and, thank goodnega, so did T. Suddenly I Raw hira half check his horse at a lean— a ne sty ditch with a b»nk about, two feet higher than that, from which the leap had heen taken. The horse took it well, hut its hoofs elinped, and it rolled hack into the st, ream, having its rider heneath it. Before T could reach the spot, the horse had scram hied away, and was tearing wildly over the country ; but the man lay gasping, almost drowning, in the water. I dismounted, and, rushing into the stream, soon had him on the bank, and stionted loudly for hlp. which fortunately was at hand, for Sir Arthur had despatched some people after ua. The unhappy wretch was carried back to the hall, where he expired, never having hreathed a word. But where was old Silas ? Gone — t never con'd tell where. In truth, I had good reasons for not inquiring— golden reasons. Sir Arthur at. tended the inquest, when, of course a verdict of ' Accidental death' was resumed. AHer this Sir Arthur sold his hall and estates, and retired abroad with his wife and familv ' And so ends the story of ' My Lady's Glove.' — = 