WHAT'S KILLING CHRISTIANITY. TO TIIE EDITOR. Sir—It is generally admitted and often deplored that, during the last twenty or thirty years, Christianity has fallen into a low state, that, notwithstanding the vast sums that are spsnt aud the number of mighty-men employed in evangelistic wo: !:, still we are falling lower, lower, into a state of inanition. What is killing Christianity? In the first place our churchbuildings are too grand, too costly. Their velvetcushioned, polished pews aud gilded fittings are all too voluptuous, they administer to pride and vanity. Christianity is meek and lowly, and caauot exist in our modern congregations of silk and satin clad. . diamond-studded, aud bejewelled hearers. Poor and lowly Christians, rich, perhaps, iu grace, are driven away. Dress aud pride are killing Christianity. Aloiig with expensive buildings the salaries are high, and there is generally the burthen of debt, interest on which has to be paid. The all-important thing is funds. This has changed our religious organisations into great financial concerns; and the all-important work of ministers and laymen is not to save souls, but to get money. The Gospel is prostituted : sermons are made to please those who can pay. The almighty dollar is killing Christianity. The congregations are not allowed, although invited, to sing to the praise and glory of God. This has been relegated to tbe choir, who generally choose tunes set in .keys that only a practised singer can reach ; and all the people can do is to keep time, with a low murmuring wail that sounds a long way off. Organs and choirs are killing Christianity. We are become too cultivate:!, refine 1, and formal; plenty of intellect, very little soul; emotion is considered vulgar. There is no responsiveness, the services are as cold and dead as if an automaton were preaching to a congregation of statues. We have too much philosophy and not enough faith ; plenty of head, but very little heart. Intellect has supplanted the Spirit, education has turned the Holy Ghost out of office. Education is killing Christianity. I am, sir. J. HOOPER. 