CHAVTEK XXIIL-ON THE TERRACE. It took Mra. Baddeley a considerable time to transform herself from 1'eg Wof fington to a lady of the period. The con- , cert was over in Regent-terrace when the ; sisters arrived. Patti had sung and de- j parted, and a stream of smart people were i flowing out of the lofty hall on their way ! to dances ; but the pleasantest feature of i Lady Glandore's parties was the lamplit terrace, where her ladyship's guests sauntered up and down, or sat about in friendly groups among groves of palui3 and pyramids of flowers, and listened co a band stationed at the end of the ter race. "Whatever band was best and most fashionable was to be heard at Lady Glandore's; and the change from the brilliant rooms and operatic music, the crowd, and the dazzle of the house, to this cool region of palms and flowers and lampions clustering among the greenery, and Japanese umbrella canopies, and little tables provided with strawberries and cream, and talk, and flirtation, and iced drinks, and stirring national melodies, was a change that delighted everybody. And there, across the shadowy Park, in sombre solemn grandeur, showed the dense bnlk of Abbey and Senate House ; the place where tbe dead, who seem so great, are lying; and the place where the living, who seem so small, are trying to talk themselves into fame and im mortality. There were many people in London who preferred Lady Glandore's terrace to the smartest dance of the season, and who lingered and loitered there between lamp light, and shadow, strolling up and down, or leaning on the balustrade dreamily contemplative of that dark bulk of towers and roofs, touched here and there with points of vivid light. Mrs. Baddeley was neither dreamy nor contemplative, and the only ideas the Abbey or the Senate House awakened In her mind were that death in any form, even »hen glorified in marble, was an in evitable nuisance, and that politics were perhaps a still greater bore. She was of the earth earthy, and always made the most of the present moment. She speedily took possession of one of the strawberry and-cream tables, and had a cluster of admirers about her, whom Bhe sent on errands to the supper-room. "I am going to frighten you all b.y eating a most prodigious supper," Bhe cried. " Remember, I have been acting comedy and tragedy, laughing and crying, and loving and suffering, for three hoars, and have had nothing but one poor little split and a teaspoonful of brandy. I am on the verge of exhaustion, so now feed me, good people. What, la that yoa, Beechicg V she cried, as a dark figure and an expanse of shirt front rose up ia the j shadow of a neighboring palm, like the ghost in the " Corsican Brothers." "1 did not think .1 ehoald Bee you here to night. How did you like my Peg ?" She was lifting a champagne tumbler to her rosy lips as Bhe spoke, and Beeching j thought she was alluding to some particu lar order of drink. "How did you like the play-and-my gowns ?" the said impatieutly. " I suppose It was all very fine, but I ain't much of a judge of anything but a burlesque." " Oh, but I hope I made you cry," said Mrs. Badderley, attacking a plateful of delicacies, which a practical admirer had collected for her; foiegraa, chicken, lobster salad, all on the same plate. "It Baves so much time," he said; "and you don't Beem to be eating BO much," to which Leo laughingly agreed. "When I have finished my supper I mean to wallow in strawberries and cream for the rest of the evening," she eaid, with frank vulgarity; "and you will all have to amuse me. I am much too exhausted to do any talking myself." "Then I'm afraid you must be at death's door," retorted Beeching. " Good gracious !" cried Leo, starting up suddenly and looking about her, "Have you dropped anything?" cried a chorus of admirers. "Your fan-your handkerchief ?" " No, it's my sister. I'm chaperoning her, don't you know, poor young thing, and I haven't seen her since we left the cloakroom." "Oh, the quite safe," Baid Beeching, in his slow sullen voice. "I saw her at the other end of the terrace-the dark end-looking at the view-with St. Aubtell." "I'm afraid I ought to go and look them up presently," Baid Mrs Baddeley, pushing away her plate with a sigh of satisfaction; "and now, you dear good colonel, you may go and get me some cream, and things, whatever looks nicest. You are such a good caterer. Sb. Austell 13 a dear fellow, but it's unlucky he has made himself such a bad reputation." "I don't think he took much trouble about it," answered Beeching. "I fancy it came naturally. " "Such a pity," sighed Leo. "He is so handeome - and distinguished - and clever-so altogether idee"-as if the la3t word expressed supreme merit-"and yet people will talk about him, and it's almost dangerous for a young married woman to be civil to him." "You are not afraid, tho'," said Mr. Mountnessing, a man about town, who was very devoted to Mrs. Baddeley, but who had never imperilled his peace of mind or depleted his puree for any woman living. " You are uncommonly civil to him." " Oh, I don't count. I am a Bohemian of the Bohemians. 1 make no distinc tions. I know so thoroughly well how to take care of myself," said Leo, devouring an iced Bonffle. "Upon my word I believe you do," said Mr. Beeching, to which the choru3 agreed. " But my sister is younger than I am, and knows very little of the world, and ought to be looked after," said Leo, at tacking a pineapple cream. " Not nearly bo good as the souffle, colonel; you should have brought me more of the souffle." "And Mrs. Belfield has not the advan tage of a husband in India," said Colonel Cotterell. " No, indeed, poor thing !" agreed Leo. "A neglectful husband at home is not nearly so great a protection for a wife as a dear kind fellow in India, toiling for one under a tropical sun." "So touching I" said the colonel. (To be continued.) 