CAPITAL WIHE. how first published. By THE IATE HUGH CONWAY, Author of « Cabled Back," " Dark Dats," &c.; ' Capital wine, John,' I said, holding the glass between the lamp and my eyes and admiring the rich, rnby tint 'Capital, isn't it I' replied John, cnddliDg his glass in the palm of his hand in order to warm the wine and fully bring out its bouquet and flavour. We had just finished the sort of din ner I consider perfection for two persona A drop of clear soup, a sole, and a brace ot woodcocks. That Is, to my mind, as nice a dinner as can be devised ; and one which having eaten, yon have no occasion to reproach yourself with high feeding or glnttony. Others may devour huge cuts from sirloin, leg or saddle, but I am always contented with a hnmble menu like the above. 'Thirty-fonr of course,' I etid after tasting the port again. John nodded and continued nursing his glass. ' Where did you buy it, John ?' I inquired. 'Didn't boy it,' replied John, 'yon can't buy such' wine as that now.' A gun bom a grateful client; I pre sume I said, refilling my glass. ' Not a bit of it ClientB ain't so gen erous now-a-days. If we can get our costs we are content.' ' Well how did yon get it ' ' Stole it,' replied John shortly. ' What do you mean ?' ' I mean 1 stole that wine as much as ever a thief stole a watch. I planned, plotted, and at last succeeded in effect ing the theft Yon wonld have done the same, wonld yon not ?' ' I don't know. It depends upon the risk of conviction and imprisonment; but tell me all abont it' John placed all the bottles fairly be tween as and began — 'Yon knew my old nncle, William Slagg — at any rate yon have heard of him. Well, he made a good bit of money drysalting, and what is more made it when he was a youngish man. He must have been well brought np, or mixed with the right sort of people, for be developed a wonderful taste for wine, and instead of doing what lots of people ; do now — more shame to them — send out to their grocers for half-a-dozen as they want it, need to buy a pipe or butt at a time and lay it down. He reaped the reward of his sensible conduct, for when he retired from drysalting, he found him self with a cellar not only amply stocked, but withont a drop of bad wine in it. So, be settled down to live comfortably on his investments, and .to drink his wine in peace. Poor old boy ! it was beautiful to see him and amusing to hear him with the decanters in front of him. He knew tbe history of each wine he gave yon, and nearly aU had a tender reminiscence for him. He wonld tip a drop of sherry and look across at me and say — ' I call this more titan wine, John. It is a poem ; something to enjoy and think pver.' Then he wonld turn to the port. ' I bought that pipe, John, when I made a wonderful hit in tallow f or ' that claret, John, I laid down when logwood went np to each e price '—and so on.' The old man was by no means a wine bibber, bnt he wonld take his fonr or five glasses after dinner and enjoy them. He suffered a little from gout before he died, but not more than many elderly gentlemen with rnbicnnd faces. He lived a good many years enjoying the fruit of his labours and the juice in his cellars, and at last slipped away quietly and peacefully. His last words "Were to me — 'Give them the '47 and the green seal sherry at the funeral, John, there's more body, more solemnity in those wines snan «iun m uw uuuou. n then old William Slagg went off and I have no doubt is now the beet judge of nectar in the upper regions. He left me his executor, and I km happy to say the reversion of a consider able Bum when bis widow dies. Bnt it was not withont a feeling of disap pointment I fonnd all tbe contents of fatB bouse, including the cellar of wines, were hers absolutely. It seemed absurd for a splendid lot of wines like that to belong to a woman who would be utterly nnable to appre ciate them, and whose ideas of wine were bounded after the manner of womankind by sweet champagne on one side and family port on toe ocner. a du never expected to be left so mnch money, bnt bed always cherished the hope that Uncle Slagg, who had greatly approved of the way in which I discussed his liquor, wonld have left me those wines. However, X thought very likely the widow wonld prefer a good sum of money to the full bins, so I intended to offer to bay them after a decent interval. My Aunt Slagg has very different ideas to those of her late and lamented hus band. I remember her, however, as a sensible woman, and, having a good eye to the main chance; she had been a. capital wife to William Slagg. But, about a twelvemonth before his death, she had attended some revival meetings, » love- feast, or something of that sort, and been: converted. I can't tell, of course, bnt I feel sure that nothing can be more annoying to an ordinary man than to find the wife of Ins bosom, who jhas jogged along with him vary comfortably in a give-and-take style for many years, suddenly turn round and lecture him upon his amiable littie weaknesses. I am convinced the shock of her conver- sion hastened poor old William a death. He had been so accustomed tofook iipon drinking .good trine ,s ..the duty of a QrintMii, that when his wife made a new departure, and became : a . rabid "teetotaller, the thing was too much & ."him, "and he "died "trying to solve rthe problem. She wonld quote -Hir Wilfrid Lawson, 'Dr. Bitedson, - ishd ? other anthorititetJill dinner tim yeind when tiie decuitti, werepl&ced; pponlthe table walk away with a look ifyAabtened sorrow Rpon er -fiice.- :Notiuhg, of coarse, coidd wean Uncle'Slagg Horn his | wine pots, hs ebecalled his littie;weak- iiess, bnt I kno w after tiredee the 'liquor had lost some fif lis flavour iwTuWand did iwt taste the ' pahie aa In " tile old; wonld fiUlhis riararyjuid evenpress pirn health. I wnnder|iei 3 ibt Jiter: his will, and, no donbt he would, had he known to what lengths her fanaticism would lead her. I managed fcy skilful tactics to keep on pretty good terme with the old lady. I took the temperance tracts with which she bristled, and led her to understand that, if I conld not make np my mind to take tbe pledge at once, it was a good deal out of consideration for her husband's feelings, and I might do so some day. She looked upon me as a weak vessel, bnt had great hopes that I might eventu ally be strong enough to hold the gift of grace, as she rather curiously termed it. After WiUiam Slagg'e death, I bad io my position as execntor a lot of business to transact with her, "and for some weeks saw her nearly every day. I thought the time was cominrr whan T mioti broach the enbject of the cellar to her, and as I was walking to the house one afternoon, determined to sound her apon it, I rang and knocked for some minotes, but could get no answer to my summons. They are all upstairs, I thought, and can't hear me. Then I remembered that the day before, after going 'through a lot of papers of my nncle's, I had locked the drawers and put his bunch of keys in my pocket His latchkey was amongst them and I took the liberty of opening the door with it Ae I entered the house, I smelt a very peculiar smell proceeding from the kitchen. It was the odour of wiue and very strong. They must have broken a bottle, carrying it np, I thought Per haps after all, the old lady is not a strict teetotaller when alone. And I laughed at the idea ; littie dreaming from whence the smell came. I could find no ODe in any of the titling rooms and, as I heard persons moving in the basement, pro ceeded there. My aunt, hearing my steps on the stairs, ran to the kitchen door to see who it was. I noticed she appeared vexed as she met me. ' 1 am particularly engaged this after noon, John, and can't speak to yon now,' shesaid. \- As she spoke I noticed the smell of the wine was almost overpowering, and I wondered what she was doing. She had some " otd gown on, aod that covered with a rough white apron ap parently soaked with some coloured fluid. She was dusty, dirty, untidy, and heated, and I noticed blood flowing from a cat on her hand. What extraordinary house hold exploit could ehe be engaged in ? When a ladv tells vou deridedlv ehe can't stop to talk to yon, and when she appears to be np to her eyes in cleaning honse or something of that sort, the next thing to do is to make yourself scarce ; so I apologised for my intrusion and promised to call again to-morrow. "'Bat what a strong smell of wine, aunt ?'. I said. ' Dont yon notice it ¥ ' My servants have jnst broken a bottle or two,' ehe replied, ' looking rather em barrassed. 'Good-bye, John, shnt the door after yon.'. Good- bye,' I said, and retraced my steps. As 1 went up those dark kitchen stairs a sadden thought struck me. And yet it seemed so wild and absurd that I laughed at the idea. But; before I bad reached the ton, it had taken full nos- session of me, and I felt cold and pale with dread. I could not bear the un certainty, and determined to ascertain, at any risk, if my suspicions were correct. Instead, therefore, of shotting the door from the outside, I shnt it with a good bang from the inside and waited, scarcely breathing, at the top of the stairs. After a minute's listening myearscanght a crash of glass, and then a rich gargle of fluid, that sent a thrill of horror through my heart. . Another crash another gargle, and then another and another, and that strange scent of wine stronger and stronger. It must be as I thought, ao I crept like a cat down the stairs once more and gently opened the kitchen door. No one was there, bnt I heard another crash and my auet'e voice exclaim in a tone of exalted fer- vonr. Miuij— - awiuw— auMiiuw Uftik from Satan's trap f I passed across the kitchen and looked through the door of the scullery, and there I saw my aunt and one of her red- cheeked servant wenches busily engaged in knocking the necks off the cobwebbed bottles, and — oh desecration I — pouring their priceless ccotents amid potato paring, soapsuds, and beastlinesses of that sort down the sink to gladden the hearts of the rats in the main sewer. For a few moments I was so tiken aback I could not speak or move. It seemed like a ghastly dream. Yet it was real, and I could see an exalted look in my aunt's feme, and as I heard her exnuiu wiu i wcu cruei uocapiHHiuu, ' Another bait snatched from Satan 1' I knew the poor woman was earnest in her ' conviction, and itnaglned she was doing right Ab I looked at tins strange scene, thinking what coarse to", take, an excla mation behind me made me torn, and I saw in the kitchen the other red-cheeked girl, bearing on her 'muscular arm a bottle basket holding a. "dozen of tine she'had -evidently brought ' ap from the cellar for the purpose of immolation. O, William Slagg, yon :mnst hkve tnrned in yonr grave. If I had . ever believed in ghosts, this work wonld have banished my belief, for if Anything coold- "have brought a ghost back tio earth .the sacri fice going on wonld have brought yonr's bade. The "basket contained the very ' particular, the joy of yonr heart, the wine that only came forth on the most important occasions, the very -opening of which was a religions ceremony, and fervent prayers went np over each bottle the cork that may have withstood the ravages' of years and the wine be still ROmtd! And now— ' Even if the servant bad:toot discovered i me, 1 Bhcraldfiave interfered then, eo i stepped boldljr forwards into the scullery and confronted the heartless executioners. "The ' servant, looking sheepish and -ashamed, pnt down the bo ttie, -the neck ofwhichwaB just Hie edge of tiie stone sbik Jlfy /aaht, with the conggonsnnss of rectitnde, met my gaze firmly. " - ;'f; ""'V ' " 'Tharik heaven l returned,' I said. . « What does this mean I' Mean, John l Only that I am doing my datyJSSjiSlik ' . ; .j Ooing/tyudridpy in pouring the frfiS. Itindon down a common « You fcjpjrjmy , fie wa, John. I say touch not, teste not, handle not' . , witha .vangtiinbB;- tfttinift; IratT fcqrt if yim wion't dribk il; whyviot sell it and give the proceeds to the poor if you like.' 'No, John. I have considered the snbject fully. My duty is to pnt it down there. If I eeU it — if I give it away — some one will drink, and every drop of wine that passes down a man's throat helps to float him to perdition.' Her imagery was strange, bnt her mind was made np, so after a pause I said — ' Come np stairs and talk with me. Tell yonr servants to stop for a bit.' She followed me, sayiog, ' It's no good talking, John ; my mind is made np.' I cast about for a way to move her, and at last decided on a bold coarse. We seated ourselves in the dining- room, near that polished mahogany board in which poor old Uncle Slagg loved to Then I commenced, "gravely — ' My dear annt, yon will understand that from motives of prudence I conld not speak before yonr servants as I can now. Of course, I do not dispute yonr right to do what yon like with yonr own, bnt I am sure yon cannot be aware of the penalties yoa are incurring in this wholesale destruction of fermented liquors.' ' How do yon mean?' she said, startled. 'I mean,' I replied, in my most solemn accents, ' that you are defrauding the excise and are liable to heavy fine, and, I believe, imprisonment.' ' Bnt the wine is mv own she nvnti. ' Precisely, so is this sovereign mine ; bnt were I to clip, debase, or destroy it, I lay myself open to legal proceedings and punishment. Wine has paid daty and is protected in the same manner as this sovereign.' ' How anjust,' she said. ' It may be so, bat it Is law. More over, the informer gets a good share of the fine, eo see how yon place yourself in yonr servants' power and what tempta tion yon expose them to.' ' Bnt I will go to prison and glory in my martyrdom,' she said, with an angelic look. ' Excuse me, my dear aunt, but I can not afford to go to prison, and, as I am the executor and responsible for every thing, I should share your fate. It may seem selfish, bnt I most guard against this. I shall, therefore, ask you to give me the key of the cellar ; allow me to seal np the door, and I promise yon, at the expiration of a twelvemooth, when I give yon legal possession of everything here and take vnnr difteharpf. T -will up- turn the key, and yon most then please yourself' Now, I well know how frightened women are at the idea of coming into collision with the law, so although the penalties I threatened her with were im probable and absurd, they set her think ing, and I waited her answer hopefully. I added, though, as a make-weight — 1 How terribly vexed poor nue'e wonld have been had he seen you to-day.' ' I believe, John, that in the place my dear husband now is, "he folly realises the errors of his life, and could he look down — or np I thought — ' he wonld be pleased to see my actions.' I thought of the poor old fellow as I last saw him at the table and smiled at the idea, but was too wise to contradict her. After a pause she said— ' Well, John, yon have been very kind and attentive, and I shonld not like yon to get iato trouble, so I will do as yon wish. Bnt, mind, at the end of twelve months nothing shall stop me throwing all the wine away.' I saw the basket of the ' very particu lar ' safely restored to its sang bin ; I locked the door, affixed my seal to it, and carried the key away ; rejoicing that I had arrived in time to save the wine. Bnt my task was not half over. I knew my sunt so well, and felt sure she wonld cany ont her threat at the expira tion of the time named, eo I wove a plot to obtain absolute possession of the wine, withont putting her in a madhouse, or even forfeiting her good will or any chance legacy. I said not- another word about tbe II I L I A.1 veuttYj uuh wu«u uiu Bummer came per- suaded her to go away to the seaside fdr a short time. With all her muni ficent conduct as to wasting alcoholic treasures she was rather near and said she conld not afford it. She would like to go for a month or two, but found the expenses of her present honse too great X suggested letting it famished for the time to » respectable teoant She fell in with this suggestion, and when, through the honse agent, my friend Tom Sinclair offered to take the honse at a handsome snm per week, and brought her unexceptional references, the matter was settled. Tom said he had his own servants, so she sent here away on board wages. \ja toe evening oi rne nay ene left, £ met Tom by appointment at the honse. His servants were all a myth, aod there was no one to interfere with us. We broke the seal and opened the door, and fonnd in the cellar, which -had been excavtfted wed enlarged by my! old nncle'e directions. at least five hundred dozen of wine, sleeping in beautifully "arranged bins, peacefully and happily, little dreaming how narrowly it had escaped total destruction. I determined to act with great caution. We had plenty of time before as, and I felt to escape detection the cellar most be left as we found it. I made an exact plan of it, marking the contents of the binB, and the number of bottles .in each, and also noting the appearance as well as I conld. And then, Tom, commis sioned by me went ronnd to auctioneers and wine merchants baying as cheaply as he conld all the retires he conld find. Soar claret, fetid sherry, and fasty port formed the staple of his purchases. He was a ' perfect -godsend to tbe Incky tradesmen he patronised, and if they ever Imagined he was going to drink his purchases, all who sold him wine were equally gnilty of manslaughter. We bad it packed and sent to Tom'e warehoase, and in two or three journeys babied it to my aunt's and stowed it in the basement. ThehouBe was in. a -quiet neighbourhood and stood in a garden, so we ran little \- risk of detection. _ And then our work began. ' We were a month at it off and cin, and l assure you the labour was so hard that only the thought nf the cich; "rewardpnabled :me to go -through with; it : "We teusted ho one, but did pveiy- rtiing :ijtttrelves. .jJYejJdok the tuns; igulariy;Wptiedthem of ihBir content dnpackei ji SBdEhtguaiity lour driMfai tonilscihtin; and havhig dohe'ihafilled the timpty cases1 nfcr tiiul«d Ithesa. rcoitimdjthired ana fall4 dozens of the old man's cherished wine lay ready packed for removal, wbilet throngh onr carefulness the cellar pre sented an appearance very mnch tbe same as it did before we commenced our meritorious task. The risk of detection was rendered leBS from my nncle having followed the old fashioned plan of filling the bins with sawdnst This, which was old and dirty, we carefully replaced, and re-locking and re-sealing the door, after packing the last case, executed a dance of triumph at the success of our plot so far, and folly trusted to onr cleverness in completely deceiving the old lady. In the dnsk of the evening we sent two large waggons to the honse, and by twelve o'clock that night tbe rescued treasures were safe in Tom'e warehouse nncr Inntr and iroT7 (|F frAtlfBil /tni> operations had left the basement of my aunt's house in a terrible "litter, so we devoted another week to potting that aU straight This being done to onr satis faction, Tom wrote to Mrs. Slagg, and' enclosed a cheque for two months' rent, saying that his plans being changed he intended to leave the house at once. The old lady, who had grown tired of tbe seaside, came back, and, although much disgusted at the dnBty state she fonnd the honse in, and vowing nothing shonld induce her to let it again, never showed the slightest suspicion of what had transpired dnrlng her absence Now that I was hanov as to tbe wines, I waited, with great corioBity to see whether, at the expiration of the time of probation, she wonld carry out her intentions. I found that she was as firmly resolved as ever, and, as I wished to see the end of the affair, after handing her the key, with a feigned protest, I told her I had almost persuaded myself with her ideas Bhe conld not do other wise, and offered to give her any as sistance I could in the good work. Al most incrednlons, she accepted my aid, and a good work it was to poor the filthy contents of those bottles down the kitchen sink. Fangh ! it nearly made as all sick ; but I know my assistance on that occasion secured me a good legacy, as she altered her will in my favour next day. The cream of the joke was, that asthe servant girl bronght np a basket fall of the noxious compounds and reported that this was the very last, my annt hesitated for a few minutes, and, as perhaps some tender recollections of her late forehand mesented themselves, said to me, 'John, if yon wonld like to take this last dozen, for yonr poor uncle's sake, yon can. I ought to do away with all, I know, bnt one dozen is very littie from the large qaautity I have sacrificed. So take it, if you wish.' I trembled at the idea, and answered as one who overcomes a severe tempta tion. ' My dear aunt; don't let any inclina tion of mine lead you from what you consider your duty. No doubt, I shall be better without it, so let it follow the rest' She gave me a grateful smile, and the last dozen of William Siagg's supposed wine gargled down the sink, and my the sacrifice and went to a prayer meet ing radiant and happy. She, no doubt, expects her reward hereafter, and doubtless she will receive it, for if ever a good act wsb done in this world, Bhe did one when she poured away that five hundred dozen of horrible staff called wine. John, having finished his tale, took a bright little key from bis pocket, and rose. ' I suppose yonr friend Sinclair claimed some of the spoil !' I asked. 'Oh yes, tbe wretch! Wanted a hundred and fifty dozen, bnt I managed to compound for abont half that qnantity . So my cellar of wine was cheap after all, and I can well spare that other bottle I am now going to fetch. The End. 