flDteceUaneoui? Feats of Jdokoys.— Frank - iiutlcr re- raarked, after one of his races for the Derby, that he could bavo won on olthcr of the first thrco horses, I do not know who tlio other two jockeys that opposed him wore, but I can quito understand, the, thing being fea sible. Two mon had ridden their own horsca In a raco. After it was over, tho winner, who only gained the verdict by a head, said to his opponent, — VNow. lf you like, ,I: will change horsca and run for the same amount again, weights and distances ns before." This tho other jumped at, arid, nftor duo time, it was run off, when, to his utter as tonishment, tbo loser of tbo first race was again beaten, nnd tbo losing horse -success ful,: , .. .. Many instances nre to bo read of whore, jockoys, after winning a rnco or match, have persuaded somo frlqpd or master to buy tho horse that was opposed to them and mako a 1 match with tho winner, in which, enso tho result has boon rovorscd. TJjo " Drriid " records one or two instances u which the Obtfncys accomplished , feats of this sort. Of courso, sometimes it may happen, from thoir not considering tho beaten horso quite up to' tho mark at tho timo he ran; but -it is recorded. also that, in well- known cases, thoy have seen that ho has not been so handled as to make tho most of him. , x . A Carious Custom.— It is woll known that in tbo oldon times many holiday diver sions, and even occasional fairs, were hold within the precincts of English parish churches. For instance, in tho registers at Winchester there is to hs seen a copy ot a mandate from William of Wykoham which forbids tho celebration of gnmes in tho church and tho churchyard of Kingston-on-Thames. It wonld. appear, bowovor, that' even this strong moasuro did not prcvont tho practico of on onolent custom, of which littlo or no thing is knowo, except that It is thought to bavo been peculiar to Kingston, bnt which was carried on In tho chnrcb itself during divine lervico down to tbo beginning of this century. Tho congregation used to crack nuts during tbo semco on tho Sunday before tho ore of St. Miehaol's Day. Henco that Sunday was called "Omck-nat Sunday." Tho custom was not restrained nor confined to tho younger branches of tho congregation, bnt practised alike by young and old ; and It is on record that toe noiso caused by tho cracking was often so loud bud so powerful ns to oblige tbo minister to break up for a time his reading or bis sermon until sllcnco was restored. Tbo above enstom was thought by ono or two antiquarians ' to have bcon connected in somo way or other with tho choosing of bailiffs or otbor mcmbera ot tho corporato body on Micbaolmas day, and was tho nsnal feast which attended that proceed ing,- "When tho Brains aro Out "—Two re- markablo and woudorfui rases of rccovory from bullet wounds bavo lately tnkon place in London. In ono esse, that of a girl who was shot by hor lover, the bullet is dcopiy Imbedded in tbo head, too deep to admit of any operation ; yet the patient has bcon dis charged from the hospital, convalcscant. Tho other case was ono of attempted suicide, tho sufferer having shot himself In tbo head with a revolver. In this caso, too, tho bullet is still iri'tho brain, and in such a position as to prevont tho operation ot extraction. In spito ot this, the patient has been discharged from hospital care, and it Is said that hp suf- fors no inconvenience from tho conscqnenco of bis rash aot, A curloos coincldondo in conueotlon with those cases Is that both shots wore fired on the same day, the nineteenth of Jnno, and that both cases were treated in tho London Hospital. : - "Tho times faaio been," says Shakespeare, "that when the brains were out, tho than wonld die," ' The poet pats theso words into the month lot Mahbetb, when thnt wicked .king sees tho ghost ot tno murdered Bnnqncr riso before him. In the caso just cited wo have a reality, which no poot could equal in romance. People walking about in tho flesh with bullets in their brains are certainly far mora wonderful things than spectres. These marvellous recoveries from what", a fow yerira ago, would have meant certain dcathi must bo credited to surgical skill and the modern antiseptic method of trcntlpg wounds. Tragic Dae of a Telepkone.— if we are to boliovo a etorjr. told by tho Belgian corres-. pondont of tho Mgaro, tbo tclcphono fans re cently bcon put upon novel duty in Brussels under circumstances of an extremely trngio charaoter. A young lady of that city mis took, it appears, tho civilities of a young man 'who visitaa at her parent's bouso for: atten tions of a more sorfoas nature. To hor grcnt surprise and . -mortification;' however, sho learned somo little time ago that. ho was, en gaged to ono of her friends.". .Shortly . after sho mado tho discovery tho .young man re. colveia summons to place himself in ; tele phonic rapport with a friend who had some thing to say to him. - Tho friend ' tfifne'd out to bo tho young lady Who loved him. not' wisely but, «is tho sequol shows, too woll. Without wasting time on preliminaries, she asked him peint-blnnk if It was true that he was going to marry Mademoiselle — -? Ho replied that-itwas-qiiito- truo. '" Then, good-oyo for 'ever," wore tho next words which reached his oars, -and thoy wore imme diately followed by ' tho report of a fire arm. The poor girl bad lodged a revolver bullet in her heart. She bad thus, with' the aid of the telephone, mado tfaomanfor whom" sho had sacrificed herself assist atbersulcido j while putting tt absolutely out of hlBlpoWer' todo do anything to prevent it. ; A Dream-Saves: a DogflThcra" Was groat rejoiclng-in ft certain. household; in tho town of A — r- ono morningpvor,tho rratora'-; tion of a pet-dog. The dog had been miss- ing for throo wcoks, and even a' tbfce- lirio odvortlscmont in tho local: papers failed to' discover his whereabouts. The owner was plunged in grief at tho unaccountable disap pearance 'of Dot, arid was nearly prepared to' suspect the neighbors of foul play. It:-also worried the almost lifodotig employee Of ,-tho family, and ono night his sleep was tronhled by dreams , in- which ha constantly :saw tho: missing dog in- an old, mmtscil coll, partly filled up with dirt nnd ashes, beneath' the sido piazza'. Ho was so dceply Impressed by tho dream that be -was unable to 'sleep; after midnight, and' at six o'clock the next morning tho household wits 6tnftled by the sound of loud hummoriug'on the sido piazza,' Tho mnn was removing tbo flooring, nnd, ouro enough 1 when'tho well was exposed to view, there 17ns tho missing dog, allvo nnd well, nnd pvorjoyod at tboprospectof libera tion. Although confined threo weeks in this narrrow prison, - without food or water, and aimot of the purest, Dot seemed ns Uyolyns ever, with no nppenrnnco of ema ciation. A WoilddrM City-— Tbo city of London is tho most wonderful place in tho whole world, nnd Its frequenters tho most wonder- ful ppoplo. It is the' smallest of oitics, but tho most valuable. It hns nn area of ono Bqtinro mllo, but that ono square mile pro duces a rental of, four millions pornnnum,nnd its . inhabitants pay one-soventli of tho Eonernl rntes of tbo wholo Metropolis, whloh us an area of one liundred nrnl twenty square. miles, Land is now somotimcs sold in tlio country at nbont ton pounds per acre, which is equal to n halfpenny per squnrc yard. It has boon sold in tho city at six hundred nnd forty pounds per square yard. In other words, tho prlco nf a square yard of land in Lombard street has realized n sum that would purohiiso a nlco little freehold es tate in Berkshire 'of sixty-four acres. It Is calculated that ton thousand' peoplo enter the city dally, Sundays cxcoptcd,'in hopo of making money without " tolling or spin ning." ,535 