SOUTHI WARAITI MiINERS. The above miners, who have only re cently formed themselves into a lodge, arid identified themselves with the M}iners' Association, hold a meeting near Adamstown, on Saturday morn ing. There was a large attendance. Mr. G. Dawson occupied the chair, and, in opening the meeting, referred to the infancy of the lodge, and im pressed upon the meeting the necessity of transacting their business in a systematic manner, and not to arrive at an hasty conclusions, but to give every item of business their serious consideration before recording their votes. The chairman, who appears to thoroughly understand his duties, gave the lodge some sound advice, which, if acted upon, will prove a great boon to the lodge. The secretary (Mfr. John Kelly) read the minutes of the previous meeting, which wero confirmed. The committee recommended that a higher tonnage rate be asked for, and some consideration for worlking on the backs. A lengthy discussion ensued, during which the question of prices was fully ventilated, and a resolution adopted instructing the secretary to write to the manager (Mr. Hunter) requesting him to allow two of the miners to take the sections of the seam. Messrs. . Adams and D. Rush ford wero chosen to take the sections. The advisability of paying the checkweighman by the day or tile average of the pit was next considered. Several speakers contended that a fair average of the pit could not be struck without considerable difficulty at the present time. The majority appar ently favoured paying the weighman the average of the pit, but owing to the surrounding circumstances it vwas decided to pay the weighman TOs per day for a month, and in the meantime the matter would be further con sidered. A communication was read from the manager, stating that he did not require the bords worked on Pay Saturday, and also stating that the check-weoighman would receive the same treatment as those at other col lieries. The miners were at liberty to post their notices on pit-tops. The letter was received. Mr. T. Frith reported having seen Mrs. Love concerning the meeting room, and stated that the lodge could secure the room for £1 per quartor. The report was received and the offer was accepted, so the meetings for the next ensuing quarter will take place at Mrs. Love's Hotel, Adams town. A resolution was carried, instructing the secretary to write to the manager requesting him to run a trolly for the convenience of those miners residing at Adamstown and New Lambton, and also requesting him to construct a pick rack at some suitable place down the pit. The selection of pick-boy was allowed to stand over till the monthly meeting. A discussion aroso respecting the present mode of working the places. A speaker wished to know if they intended continuing working four in a hebord. He contended that" the manager should be requested not to set on any more men till such time as he had places amongst them to single out those already employed. It was stated that the management were favourable to cavilling two in a hebord, and intended doing so. A further debate took place, and it was unanimously resolved, "That the manager be requested to cavil all coal places on Thursday next, it being the cavilling day throughout the district." It was moved, seconded, and carried, that the manager be requested to pay the usual 17d per day for powder to those working on the backs, and also call his attention to the loose way that the tokens are dealt with on the pit top. It was stated that tokens are being continually being sent back, no less than twelve being sent back in one day. Reference was also made to the carelessness of those who take the tokens off after being sent back. In stead of being taken to the check weighman, they were in some in stances left to lay about, and the miners thlereby lose the skip. A deputation consisting of Messrs. Rushford, Johnson, were appointed to lay those and other matters before the manager, and that each be al lowed 2s Gd, and in the event of their losing a shift to see the manager that they be paid for the same. The officers for the ensuing quarter are: Chairman, Mi[. G. Dawson; treasurer, Mr. T. Cottier; secretary, Mr. J. Kelly; check-weighman, Mr. T. Owen; delegate, M]r. D. Rushford; and a committee 'of twelve. The secretary to receive £10 per annum, and the treasurer £6. The Chairman suggested that an accident fund be established in con nection wit the lodge. It was decided to form an accident fund, and that it be left optional to the men to join or not. The question was asked: WVhat is the proper time for the front shift men to start? Some considered that the recognised time for starting was 6 a.m., while others contended that 7 a.m. was the proper time for starting. A speaker said that he was pre pared to prove that one pair of men started at 5 a.m. He named the bord whero the men in question worked, but the men referred to being present denied the charge. Another speaker said he was in formed that two men had worked sixteen hours in one day. If such was the case he considered it scandal ous, and those men might just as well tfake their blankets and stop in the pit. Several speakers expressed them selves very forcibly on the matter, but it was considered that no action could be taken at present as the lodge had no jurisdiction. The Chairman read the district rule bearing on the time for starting, and after further remarks it was unani mously resolved to enforce the district rules bearing on the time for starting. The Check-weighman stated to the mooeeting that the manager had in formed him that he would blow the whistle for work at 5 p.m. each day, excepting Sunday, when .it would blow at 6 p.m. A speaker said that he was pleased to notice that there were reporters present to make the result of thlleir mooeeting public; but he considered it advisable to ask them not to publish the names of the movers or seconders of any resolution, not that he had any fear of their own manager hearing what was said. As far as he was concerned he would say precisely the same to the manager as he would to his fellow-men. But it often oc clirred that a man who took an active part in miners' meetings became known not only to the managers in this district, but to those in other parts of the colony, and ifho needed emplo3yment at any colliery ho was often met with a blank refusal, and told that he was so-and.so and his ser vices were not required. The speaker cited several cases in support of his ar gument, showing where men had been victimised and themselves and iamily brought to a state of starvation owing to tleir at some time or other taking it leading part in miners' meetings and advocating their rights. Ho had no objection whatever to reporters being present, but hoped they would see the necessity of withholding the names of the sponeakers. Others expressed themselves in the samo strain, and the matter waTs allowed to drop. After arranging for tihe nexst meet ing to takeo place at Mrs. Love's Hotel, Adamstown, on next Saturday oven ing, at 7 o'clol?k, the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. A grand concert in aid of the funds of the Mlereowethller Philharmonic Society took place in tihe Carrington Hall on Friday night, and was a great success, the hall being weoll filled with a respectable audience. The presidont of the society (Mr. A. Ross) occupied the chair, and opened the concert ill a few appropriate romarks, and called upon Mr. R. Burke to play an over turoe which was ably executed. "The anchor's weighed" was well sung by Mr. H. Fletcher, and encored. The comic duct "A.B.C." by Mirs. Parker and MIr. M. Llowellyn, caused much laughter, and an encore was unani mously demanded. Mrs. Jones next sang "Jessie's Dream," which was loudly applauded, and de s5rvedly encored, fr. J. Dent next personated "Tommy Turnips" and created roars of laughter, and an encore was demanded. "A dream within a dream" was admirably sung by Mrs. Parker. This lady was in grand form, and her most enthusiastic admirers were not backward in saying that she never before so ably dis tinguished herself at Adamstown. The songs by Messrs. H. Pottle, J. Davis, J. Jones, and M. Llewollyn were able cbntributions, and received a well-merited share of the applause. The first part concluded by tihe choir singing the chorus, " Their sound has gone out" (Messiah). The second part commenced by the rendering of a duet by Messrs. J. Jones and J. Davis, which was well received. Mrs. Parker again distinguished her self by singing " Killarney." " Thee only I love," by Mir. H. Fletcher, was also well received. "The Heavens are telling" (Oreation), by the choir, was loudly applaulded. Mrs. Parker aid Miss James delighted the audience by ably rendering a comic duet, for. which they were re-called. The comic song, "The ghost of Benjamin Binns," by Mr. J. Dent, fairly brought down the house, and, as an expression of their delight, the audience twice re called Mr. Dent. Messrs. J. Jones andM. Llewellyn followed with a duet, "The martial spirit," which brought forththe approvalofthe audience. Both gentlemen are the possessors of excel lent voices, and tile applause that greeted the termination of the duet was not misplaced. Mrs. Jones (EOs Rhy-dy-fro) sang a song in Welsh and English, which was well rendered and encored. This lady has established herself a great favourite in this lo cality, and her appearance on the stage is at all times the signal for applause. After a song by Mr. Pettie the concert closed by the singing of the National Anthem. The rendering of the choruses by the choir was the means of inducing many musical critics to come from Lambton, Stock ton, and other places. What oever conclusion they came to I am unable to say, bat judging from the applause that greeted tihe termina tion of each piece, particularly "The heavens are telling," the choir must have given satisfaction, though it was whispered that they did not sing their best, and had no intention of showing. their hand in public till the centennial Eistoddfod takes place. The con ductor (Mr. H. Williams) is working most energetically to get his choir to a state of perfection, and when the time comes to sing for the musical honours, the Merewether Philhar monic Society will no doubt give a good account of themselves. The duties of accampanist at the concert were divided between Miss O. James,| Mr. I. Burke, and Master Dent, eachI giving every satisfaction. 