IIERE AND THERE. BY RAMBLER. 7 hare "therel a parr of notlr mes flaowers. And nothiug but tththtrea that bilds them is my own. AT the present time it is estimated that there are two millions of widows in India who belong to castes that practice child marriage and insist on the- celibacy of the widows. These wretched-women.are .by the Ilindoos themselves regarded as accursed beings, ling in this world the punishment r sins committed in a prior state of stence. The child widowv, who may ot yet havy reachld her teens, is, on hiledeath of the man, who was only hominally -er husband, degraded from her previo:s state; her hair is.cropped or shaved altogether, her pretty childish garments exchanged for the coarse and squalid widow's clothes; she is an out cast, forbidden to take part in any amusement, either public or private; to meet her is regarded as an ill omen, and she is compelled to endure long fasts, sometimes extended to the length of three days and nights. All joy and even hope is crushed out of her young life. It is needless to say that human nature oftentimes rebels against-such artificial arrangements, even though they are sanctified by the religious belief of the nation. Some of the widows are said to accept their cruel fate with resignation, believing that they are expiating the sin of a previous life, and trusting that their sorrows will meet with their, reward in that which is to come. We want a few manufacturers in Traralgon to give the place a proper ring of prosperity I think MIr. Editor. You certainly have your tannery, your saw- mill, and coach factory, but I would like to see something heavier than either of these started, at the same time all cre hit to the gentlemen who run the establishmnents referred to. They not only carry out Doctor John sons idea of increasing the popula tion, but they are also the means of feeding them. What I now refer to is something in the shape of a flour mill, or woolen mill. We have the raw material at our doors and why not take advantage of the boon. Mliing buhbles in other districts cnt.be floated at short notice, why not Trar.lgon go in for something substantial and float both a flour and woolen milll Ghost of Hickox here's a chance for you ! The benefits conferred on the com mercial and general community by the linking together of the Southern Aus tralian colonies by means of the rail way were strikingly exemplified last week in the case of a gentleinan' hay ing large business interests in various portions of Australia. On Monday he was iound the streets of Adelaide as usual, but managed to get through his business in time to catch the 3Mel bourne express. The Queen City of the :outhl was reached on Tuesday morning just as people started bnsiness. Our traveller bustled round Collins street, getting finished shortly : after four o'clock. 'Another night was pissed in the train, land Wednesday was devoted to the transacting of his Sydney business, the e-vening seeing him around looking for the Brislbane steamer after spending a business day in each of the capitals. It has often been remarked that a university course of instruction is not the very best to fit a young man to hold his own in the battle of life. - The fol lowing paragraph from a-n exchange fully shows i:- truth of what we say :-We have received the Ordinary, IIonor, and Scholarship examination papers for October, 1886. The first papers are Junior Greek. " What phonetic peculiarities appear in the Spartan dialect 1" and so forth. In English language and literature the student writes a character of Orsino, Duke of Illyria. " Explain the words carainto, geck, grise." " What poets were at school with Warren HIastingsl" In Senior Greek we can "(eive any instances of Chias5mus in Plato's style." Senior Latin has a passage from Shaks peare to translate into Latin prose, "after the style of Cicero's Tusculaht I)isputations." In comnparative Phil ology, " The root of at word 'to carry, is said .to be Vagh. Why is it necessary to postulate this particular form?" " Discuss the original concep tion of the infinitive." Ancient His tory: " What is an Amphictyonyl" History of England: "What was thegnhood 1" Jurisprudence: State and illuminate the degrees of the duty of Circumspection." "Show that in Archaic society the Clan and State were distinct." What on earth has this to do with the practical work of an attorney or barrister 1 But proceed -Roman Law "Explain Peculium Profectitium," "Trace the history of the Respousa Prudentu.n," "What is the position of the heir of a man charged with Perduellio 1" The difficulty of sighting rifles in the dark in warfare has been ingeni ously overcome by the use of luminous paint. A small luminous bead is clipped on to the rifle over the fore sight and another over the rear-sight when used at night in reply to an enemy's fire, forming t:ro luminous sights. The British War office autho rities have had some of these sights under trial for six months, and have given their first order for some. 