IHTRODTTOTION. On Wednesday afternoon Mr. Cohen moved— 'That a dutiful and loyal address be forwarded to Her Majesty the Queen, praying Her Maj estv to .allow the Constitution of this colony to be .eo amended aa to give its people -the -privilege of electing their own Governor.' So far as we can gather from his remarks his chief reason for desiring the change which he proposes is that the Governor's salary la too high. Of course this admits of an easy remedy. The salary in ^future can ' be fixed at a reduced rate, and we have no doubt that there are gentlemen in the colonial service who would be willing to accept a Ioww payment, though, of course, we can hardly expect to get the best men if we display a niggardly spirit In the matter of remuneration. We infer that the member for North Adelaide desires that an elected Governor should be the Queen's representative, for he disclaims having republican sympathies or tenden cies. Now we admit it ia not inconceiv able for a Queen's representative to be elected by the people, but it is obvious that the change would be attended with grave difficulties so long as the union with England is maintained. At present the Governor represents no party and takes no share in party politics. Undoubtedly ft is desirable that he should be in Bym pathy with the people of the colony, and that he should take an intelligent interest in its institutions, and it is quite possible that an elected Governor might fulfil these conditions more thoroughly than one who ia nominated by the Queen. Bat it is evident that the former would be something more than the Queen's representative. He would be elected by a majority, and to a certain extent he would be bound to represent the majority. And this would bring about a change much more radical than Mr. Cohen seems to have contemplated. 'We think the point raised by Mr. Cohen is a very proper subject for discus sion, bat it can serve no useful purpose to approach it as an abstract proposition. Tn dealing with it we must look at all the consequences, and be prepared to treat it as a practical question. On the score of expense it is probable that we should save nothing by the change, because the expenses, direct and indirect, of a periodical election would be very heavy. When the day comes for the federation of the Australian Colonies it is most likely that the local Governors will be appointed by the colonies over which they preside, and that there will be one Governor General representing Imperial interests. We do not understand, however, that Mr. Cohen ia anxious to prepare the way for this state of things. Indeed, his argu ments, eo far as they have any weight, ?would apply with almost as much force to a Governor-General of. Australia a3 they do to a Governor of South Australia. When a member poses aa the advocate of a change in the existing practice he is bound to auow some good reason for it The hon. gentle man entirely failed to do so on Wednes day. Hence his motion ended in a complete fiasco. The Commission appointed in January last to consider certain questions bearing upon the construction of the Transcon tinental Bail way have presented a Progress Beport, which was laid before Parliament on Tuesday. The Commiasion was ap pointed on addresses from both branches of the Legislature, though there was a slight difference in the statement of the grounds on which the request was based. The Legislative Council asked that the Commission might direct its attention to the foHowingpropositiona : — ' 1. That itis expedient that the Transcontinental Rail way ahoold be forthwith continued from ibi present terminus in South Australia proper to Pine Creek, in the Northern Territory. 2. That it is expedient that the same should be constructed by private enterprise. 3. That in order to induce capitalists to undertake such construction, concessions of land either on alternate blocks or otherwise should be offered, and to such an extent as may be agreed upon by the Legislature. 4. That snch further terms, limitations, restrictions, and cbliaa tionB as may be necessary shall be imposed. ' The request of the Assembly was that the Commission should consider the two propositions — '1. That it is expedient that the Transcontinental .Railway should be forthwith continued from its present terminus in South Australia proper to Pine Creek, in the Northern Territory. 2\. That it ia expedient that the same should be constructed by the State or by private enterprise.' The Commission report that the evidence obtained by them induces them to recom mend that the Transcontinental Bailway between Pine Creek and the northern ter minus of the southern section of the line 'should not be constructed out of loan money, but that the line should be built upon the land-grant system.' Two of the members of the Commission ? Mr. D. Murray and Dr. Cockburn — express their dissent from the negative recommendation in this paragraph of the report, because they are of opinion that 'failing more expeditious means of completing the Transcontinental Railway, it would be expedient for the Government to proceed with the work in sections as at present.' The report further states that the members of the Commission have not yet decided what conditions Bhould be attached to any arrangement for mat- fayr the railway on the laud - grant system, but that they wfll without unnecessary delay submit the result of their investigations on this point.' It is difficult to understand the reasons which induced the Commission to come to the conclusions set out in the report From a necessarily somewhat hasty perusal of the evi dence we fail to find anything which justifies the recommendation that the remainder of the Transcontinental Railway should be constructed on the land-grant system. Among the witnesses examined were Mr. Robert Browne and Mr. George Frederick Ritso, both Civil Engineers, and both representing a some what mysterious Syndicate who are hunting round for eligible offers to construct railways on the land- grant system. The former gentleman was ; greased for the names of his Directors, who, he said, were 'some of the biggest people in London.' Subsequently it turned out that there were no Directors, because no Company had been formed, \ but there was a Syndicate. This indicate ia asking for 12,000 acres per mile for the construction of aline in , Wesiern Australia which they are ( anxious to extend to Port Augusta. ' When aBked »flow muca ^pital , £* your Syndicate paid up?* Mr. i °P any capital.' To a further question, j 'Have they taken any liability upon themselves at all 1' the answer was ' No ; but they have command of lots of capital waiting for investment They would form Limited-Liability Companiea and that kind of thing afterwards.' Mr. Biteo, the other agent of the Syndicate! said, 'I have authority to see what could be done in the way of constructing rail ways on theland-grant system; that is alL' When questioned as to the nature of his authority he replied, 'It is simply a state ment on the part of certain capitalists in London that if we can 'put before them railways to be constructed on the laud - grant system the capital will he found.' Mr. Thomas Walker, the railway contractor, who was also examined, gave it as his opinion that four or five leading contractors, if they took in hand the construction of ths rail way for themselves could do the work cheaper than the Government As bringing into a convenient compass in formation about the country which the line will traverse the evidence taken is valuable, but beyond that it does not seem likely that the Commiasion will throw much additional light upon the questions which it was appointed to investigate. The Payment of Members Bill has been passed by the Assembly, but it is having a bad time in the Legislative CounciL The proceedings hi the Council on Tuesday were looked forward to with considerable interest, and they justi fied expectation. Mr. Baker raised a! ghost which will take some laying. The issue he brought before the Council is of great . importance, and, we may add, from an historical and constitutional point of view most interesting. The hon. member argues that the Payment of Members Bill cannot be proceeded with ha the Council, because it is an amend ment of the Constitution of the nature contemplated by Section 34 of the Con stitution Act, and as such requires a special certificate which it has not, and without which the Council is not com petent to proceed with it The matter has been referred to the Pre sident for a formal ruling, which is to be given on Tuesday next, till which time further proceedings are stayed. Of course the whole question depends upon this. Ia the payment of members an altera tion of the constitution of Parliament, or, as it may be put in another way, is an un paid Legislature a part or condition of tha constitution of the two Houses 1 On this, which is by no means a question to be decided off - hand, opinions will differ. Naturally the opinion which Sir Henry Ayers will give, when the Council next meets will be awaited with some curiosity. We may take it for granted that the Govern ment have not regarded their BQl as amending the Constitution, and if the Council take the stand that it is an amendment in terms of Section 34, we suppose we may say the end is not yet We believe the point raised by Mr. Baker has never been raised before, and it is no wonder that the Chief Secretary was taken by surprise. It deals, of course, with the general subject of payment of members, and does not depend upon the question whether the Bill is made to apply to the present or to future Parlia ments. It is understood that the general principle of the measure will be discussed on its merits. In the meantime it is only right when an important change like that provided for is in con templation that all the proper - con stituticnal safeguards should be main tained. It is to be regretted that the discussion of the Bill should be delayed upon a question of order, bnt the require ments of the Constitution Act should be observed whatever may be the effect upon the measure. The public meeting called to con Bider the report of the sub- committee appointed to formulate a scheme for the encouragement of various native industries made short work of the export bounty scheme. Pains had been taken to make the pro posal as palatable or as little ob noxious as possible by practically limiting its operation to wine, but even in this modified form it found comparatively little support, the voting beiDg twenty-seven against seven. It affords ground for congratulation that this most impolitic recommendation has been negatived. In practice it would have been found impossible to carry it out satisfactorily, and its effect in placing the exportation of wine upon a firm and permanent bash would have been altogether insignificant We sympathize entirely with the object which the gentlemen who have devoted so much time and thought to the preparation of the report have in view, but we are convinced that it will serve no good purpose to pamper the winemaking and fruitgrowing industries by means of Government bounties. Those industries have in them the rich promise of abundant success, and all that is necessary to their establish ment upon a remunerative basis is that they should be carried on in a systematic and businesslike way. It is idle to speak of winemaking as if it were a tentative enterprise incapable of holding its own without State coddling. Grapes can be produced here without limit, the climate Is peculiarly well adapted for the manu facture of wine, the market for a sound article of uniform quality ib practically inexhaustible, and whatever obstacles lie in tiie way of the industry cannot be re moved by the payment of a small bounty during ten years. Let the producers and manufacturers put their own shoul ders to the wheel, as some of their number nave done, ana the continued and greatly enhanced success of the industry will be assured. We are glad to learn that a movement is being made in the direction of planting more vines, and we trust that the example that is thus being -set wfll prove contagious. .* With a view of helping in the expansion of the enterprise aad preventing the mistakes that have been so freely made in the past, it will be perfectly legitimate for the Govern ment to take steps for Instruct ing the people -in the adaptability of particular vines for particular localities. Whether this should be done through the agency of the Agricultural College or by means of pamphlets or special instructors 'is a matter of detail that there should be no difficulty in settling. We believe that the discussions that have recently taken place as to the best means of turning to profitable account the enor mous areas in South Australia that are adapted to the production of wine and Emit of various sorts have' already done good. It is true that the' report as adopted by the public meeting is only a shadow of ita former self, but it emphasizes matters that are worthy of the earnest attention of capitalists at at home as well as in the colony, and it still embodies proposals that can with great advantage be carried into effect An interesting event of the past fort night was the presentation of a valuable oil painting by the British Exhibitors to Sir Herbert Sandford, the Cam miEsioner for Great Brltian, in re cognition of his 'kindness, genial courtesy, and administrative ability.' Ihe name of Sandford has been distin guished in various branches of learning and public services. The father of the present family was the celebrated Profea M-r of Greek at Glasgow University, who edited and annotated some of the dramatic workB of antiquity, and whoee name is familiar to every student of the classics. Sir D. K. Sandford was in fact one of the leading classical scholars of the early part of thJB century, and received the honour of knighthood and the degree of D.C.L. for his distinguished services to literature. Hob eldest son is the Right Hon. SirF. B. Sandford, the Permanent Under-Secretaiy for Scotland, and formerly Secretary to the English Committee of Council on Edu cation. Sir F. R. Sandford ia a Knight Commander of the Bath, and attained to the distinction solely through the able fulfilment of his public duties. Sir Herbert Sandfcrd, who is now among U3 is the second son of the Professor. En tering the army at an early age, he Beryed as an officer of the Royal Artillery for many years -both in India and in England, being in '?.'his younger years Assistant Resident and Commissioner at Satara. After his return to Eng land he was appointed iu 1876 to represent the'15ritisa Government as Exe cutiveCommisaioner at the Philadelphia Exhibition, 'and a year later he received the honour of knighthood in recognition of Mb services. At the Melbourne Ex hibition of 1880 he held the post of Royal Commissioner for Great Britain, and earned golden opinions from those with whom he came in contact The third son of Professor Sandford has attained - distinction in a diffe rent walk of life. He is the present Bishop of Tasmania, formerly incumbent of St John's, Edinburgh, and ATamining chaplain to the Bishop of that city. It ia very seldom indeed that three members of one family attain to such eminence in virtue purely of their personal merit The British exhibitors at the Adelaide Exhi bition have ample reason for their belief that the Commissioner to whose care their interests have been entrusted is not an ordinary man. They appear to be unani mous in agreeing with Sir Herbert Sand ford that the Adelaide Exhibition is a grand success. The attendance at the Adelaide Exhibi tion has been almost phenomenally large. Readers who have noted our records of the numbers who have passed the turn stiles no doubt have a general idea that the success of the Exhibition in this respect has been complete, but few have realized the fact that, for the first month after the day of opening, the attendance at the Adelaide Exhibition has been very much larger than that re coided for a similar period in the cases of the Exhibitions of Sydney and Melbourne. The actual figures are as follows :— Adelaide, 142,174; Sydney, 119,712; and Melbourne, 114,424. In fact, in a little over five weeks from the date of opening,: the attendance at the Adelaide Exhibition reached a total number which is about h*\? the popu lation of the colony. This is in deed a remarkable result It may safely be said that never before in the history of Exhibitions have the admissions at the doors represented so large a pro portion of the population of the country holding the display. It . is to be Doted, however, that about half of the admissions to the Adelaide Exhibition ire represented by those of holders of season tickets, while at Melbourne and Sydney the paving admissions were 111,059 and '104,846. Bub the fact of so many persons having a season ticket and the very convenient position of the Exhibition have contributed to make the place a sort of rallying point for friends, and the holders of these tickets would not have attended so frequently had they been required to pay at every time of entrance. 