Woes of a Fat Man. I am a fat man-abnormally fat. My weight is 21 stone 6 pounds avoirdupois. Any one who has over been in the fat man business can splircciate my woes and trou; bles, for they are as many as the hairs on a cow's tail. Troble seemns to have been born the day 1 was, and to have selected me for its one victim. All through my life I have been beset with care and worry, from the time I was a small boy until now. Thankh God, I am getting old, and, though I grow fatter each year that I advance to the jump. ing-off place, I am slowly and surely coming to the time when people will ask, "What has become of old 'lard bucket I" As early as I can remember I was fat. When I was a school boy my companiocs used to call me "Fatty," and wonder that my flesh did not burst my clothes. Now that I am older it is just the same. People wonder what I cat. The fact is my appetite is very poor; but the less I eat the more I grow. I am a living paradox. Once I tried "anti-fat," but it only made me sweat harder, and my ribs grow more and more indistinct. My trouble commences the mo ment Ilawake in the morning. I usually find myself ot mtoy back, so all I do is to just start myself rolling and roll out of the bed. I have an inclined plane set up iu front of the bed, so that I do not land on the floor abruptly, but roll down slowly and easily. But the great. st diffliulty is in getting to my feet. S.metimes this little feat occu pies several minutes. Now my troubles commence in earnest. I have to dress my self, and auydne who could stand by and see the operation would be immensely amused. I don't muse much though; it's all labor for me. I get my clothes on with fair success and a great consumption of time, up to the point of putting on my shoes. Then the fun commences. I haven't seen my feet, face to face, in twenty years; L don't have any idea bow they look. But putting on those shoes is the curse of my existence. Sometimes I wear button shoes, and the expedients I adopt to get those in fernal buttons into their holes are wonder ful. I fasten a buttonhook to the end of a cane sometimes, but that don't result as well as a work of art. I tumble and flounce about the floor andi bed, getting the upper hand of my shoes in a manner that resem bles the struggles of a fish out of water. At last I get them on and the prayer of thanks giving that goes up to heaven is recorded among the sacred documents. When I co down stairs my wife usually asks me if 1 have been having a' wrestle with a ghost. She says I heive jarred the plaster down, have frightened the neighbors, made the milkman inquire if her husband hadl started a carpet-beating establishment on the second floor and raisted Uin generally. "Well, my dear, bow is your appetite this morning 1" asks the wife of my bosom as [ sit down'to the table. This is exas perating'when she knows that all I will eat is a piece of. fish with an air accompani. ment, l small cup of coffee with wind sauce. " My dear, my appetite is good," I reply; "so good that 1 think I can eat a whole bean." " Bean drikmng before breakfast again. I see?" says sie. Then I collapse. t cast't stand puns. 1 s'art down town to my business. Hailing a tram-car, I notic it doesn't stop. The next one I catch, and am informed, when I at tempt to go through the door and get stuck, that that is not the fat man's line. This makes me mad, and with a rueh and a push from the conductor, I am crowded through, but usually the door-posts give about six inches in the operation. Puffing, and pulling my torn clothes together, I sit down. "Say,- can't you be satisfied with four wholo seats'?" some one growls, I look around, q?d sure enough I am crowd lng the only four passengers in the car. 1 hear a young lady giggle to her com panion: "Guess the cireas is coming, the side show has. got here." The sailor sitting next her mumbles to his neighbor: " What fine ballast such bags of fat would make for a sailing vessel." By this time the car has reached my corner, and I yell to the con. duoctor. lie sets me, but only grins. Again I yet that I want to get off, and he sticks in his head andl says, " We're going right around to the shops, and then ['lt have one side of the ear taken uft so you can get out." I looked at myself, and, sure enough, I had begun to weoll. Then, when I start to walk over to my office, my friends accost me with the sali:a. tion, " \\\'ell, how are you to-day Seems to me you are looking thinner than usual." If I ever want to commit amurder it is then. Why will muas tell me such an infernal lie as that? How can [ be growing thinner when my weight is fast increasing I Pretty soon a man will come around and inquire for me, and, after talking over the weather and fe-ling around and finding out what humor I am in, broaches his errandl. He is a dealer in cigars, and wants me to pose be fore a wood carver while an image is made of me for a sign. Hie is very much in want of that kind of a sign, and I am just the man tobe the model. In less time than I take to tell it, that man's family is father less. By and bye another man calls and he is in the toy trade. He thinks a toy in re presentation of me would take well. I toy a few minutes with him and he never calls again. So they continue to come. Some are advance agents for circuses and want to hire me to stand at the front door and take tickets. They think L will draw so wdll. They get drawn oirectly. My pity for such men is small. One day not long ago I waswalking along the street in front ofat an eatinghouse, the cooktroom of which was under the pave. ment. Just at that point I stepped on a banana skin and came down. Tcte conous sion was great. The cook and the orsistants and all the eustomers in the ilttare .t the time rushed out to the street. Said they thought the building wais going to fall. A policeman wanted to arrest me, but I oinly a?ketl for a rest, The crowd saw somethieng funny .bout thid aucl hisset In uloff. T.o or three then helped me to my feet and L went my way sorroe ing. ". At all ti iotels I ever stoepped at they charged me double rate. They say it Is necessary on account of tile rtem and board I take. Itis a b.se salnder,' bt I have to stand it. When the day draws to a close I gratefully start home. Rlemembering my diltlculty with the street car ill tlhe morning, I con clude to walk home.\ Grotluticg of all kinds contra upon the fat man as I go along ; I won't try to name them. When I reach home, panting from my work walking up the hill, my wife nodlte upon me, and sings out,' "Ah, here's my little boy I" That makes me tremble' with rage. Sarcasm is not my hold, so 1 hold my tongue. The time to entertain her company has now come, and that is misery of the deepest kind. They-want me to join in games and to make an ass of me generally hy trying to fop and tumble around. I have tumbled to their game, and I hto me away to bed. Soon I fall asleep and dream of heaven, where all the angedl are men as thin as lightning rasls and there is no such misery as fat to mar the joy of the place. 