Hotel Hostilities. IS IT A GHOST ? THE SPOTTED BAEMAIDS. Public attention has been pretty strongly directed «f late to the large hotel .connected with Her Majesty's Theatre, in consequence of certain difficulties which arosn to prevent tbe transfer of the license to Mr. Ware, and the subsequent insolvency of that gentleman. Bnt there are some mysterious circumstances which it is said bave taken place in the hotel last week which could . hardly have had any connec tion with the licence question, unless, indeed, some spirits have, on the broad question of issuing any hotel licences, been taking determined action on behalf of the prokibitionists, and have been endeavoring to render the pursuit pf hotel keeping as disagree able as possible to all concerned with it, masters and servants alike. To be brief, however, and to narrate what is said to have Happened, without engaging in conjectures as to the cause, the following unaccountable things are alleged to have taken place. There are, it may be said, a number of young ladies engaged in the hotel in the much-debated .occupation of barmaids, and for them are provided suitable bedrooms. One night, when the ladies sought their conches (all of which couches, it is stated, are provided with wire-wove mattresses of the test quality;, the doors of the- bedrooms were all found to be securely locked and the keys taken away. It was impossible to open the doors without any violence, and as a result the . ladies had, as an American gentlemen, who heard of the affair said, ' to sleep about in spots.' ThiB was annoying, but no serious inconvenience ensued, and, strange to say, at daylight in the morning the doors were all found unlocked again. The next incident was of a more disagreeable nature. On the following evening when t;e iadies again, sought their rooms and gentle sleep, the beds, to the maidenly horror of their proper occupants, were found to contain, in some in stances, adolescent specimens of the opposite sex, who claimed that they had been placed there as lodgers, and refnsed to depart. With morning this difficulty, like the forwer, disappeared, but a fresh one of greater magnitude arose in its place. Tne watertaps had been inter fered with and no water was procurable. Whilst a number of plumber's men wpre engaged in putting things right a customer presented Himself at one of the bars and asked for a glass of whisky. Having obtained it he proceeded to adulterate it with water from a decanter on tne counter which had been there over night. He then swallowed the mix ture at a gulp, and at once having placed his right hand upon his mouth, began a violont *' pas seal' expressive of pain and horror, at the same uttering as well as he could a number of com minatory remarks stronger even than those to be found in the church service as by law estab lished. Let us pass quickly over the terror and consternation that ensued, and hasten to the dis covery subsequently made that all the water decanters contained strong decoctions of cayenne pepper or some equally warm herb. And now comes the terrible finale. Everyone in the hotel went to bed that night in fear and trembling, not knowing what terrors the silent hours before the dawn, or even the morning itself , might have in store for them. But as the night passedas quietly as one by that bower of rases, near iiendemeer's stream, where nightingales (on the authority of the late Mr. Thomas Moore) sing all the night long, confidence returned, and every one awoke in the morning and said to him or her self, 'Surely we have been granted respite, respite, and nepenthe. The bitterness of death has passed.' Alas, the worst was to come. When some of the ladies, whose winning ways turn to nectar the liquors they dispense, began their simple toilettes, and sought those harmless aids to loveliness) which a judicious application of cold water and borax soap bestows, their faces suddenly and miraculously assumed a spotted appearance, resembling in a lesser degree that of a gentleman who has put his nose to an exploding powder flask. Here let us stop. This last horror needs no lengthened description. A spotted barmaid, though a remarkable feature in an hotel, is not a pleasant one. Fortunately a few hours, and the application of certain cosmetics known to the scientific, removed the spots. But the terrors of that fearful morning will be long remembered. 