______ — '?? ? ? *==: The Bingera Diamond Company, with, a capital of .£90,000, is being floated in London. The Chinese commissioners left Cooktown m the Uhangsha on Wednesday for China. Italy is disposed to make a slight concession in the matter o£ carrying Anglo-Australian ^The schooner Hally Bayley, of Sydney, has heen ashore on the Guadalcanal- coast (Solomon Townsville on account of the large number of fat ptock in the district. Busbar and Gaudaur return to England to rovr for the championship of the Thames, The visit to Australia has been abandoned. The amount of prize money to be shot for at the annual meeting of the Victorian Rifle Asso ciation this year will be .£2656. The opening of the Gosford-Waratah railway has been fixed for August 15, provided the con sent of the Executive be obtained. Mb. James. J. Graves, as will be seen from an announcement elsewhere has commenced busi ness as a commission agent, rent collector, &c.; The 'Hough on Eats' suicide epidemic has spread t o Victoria. A man named John Tatcairn thus pi sonel himself, on Tuesday, in Melbourne. The whole question of colonial defences was trpiierally discussed at an interview which Sir Henry Paikes held this week with General Schaw. Mb. J. R- Fairfax was elected commodore and Mr. A. G. Mtlson vice- commodore at the annual meeting of the Koyal Sydney Yacht bquactron this week. . The Victorian sawmill proprietors intend asking the Premier to put a duty of 2s 6d on all un dressed timber except redguci and poles imported into that colony. On Wednesday a man named Quinlan, keeping a grocery store at Hotham, shot his wife during a 'dispute over an industrial school boy in his employment. On Tuesday evening a public meeting was held in the Town-hall, Balmain, at which it was decided to establish a Balmain Benevolent ?Society. ? _ ...,., ? , The A.J.C. have declined to near an appeal against the decision of the Liverpool Jockey Club in declaring African the winner of the Pace Handicap. A blacksmith awaiting trial at the Quarter Sessions for burglary escaped on Wednesday from Hillston Gaol by means of skeleton keys made from wire found in the exercise yard. In the naval manoauvres by the British fleet, which formed the recent display at Spithead, the squadron under Eear-Admiral Freernantle suc ceeded in capturing Falmouth. Our advertisements this week include an an nouncement of the fact that Messrs. Jenkins and ?Ratr lia.vfi c.n mm mined business as pastoral ar.d agricultural agents in George-street, Sydney. To the request of a deputation urging the adop tion of a Bystem of penny postage, the Victorian Postmaster- General on Wednesday explained that the state of the revenue would not allow of the trial of such system being made this year. At the hearing of the Engine-street illicit still «ase on Wednesday, at the Central Police Court, t&e; woman Hannah Mullens was discharged before the evidence was taken and Michael Murray af tor it had been heard. Sie George Trevelyan defeated the Hon. Evelyn Ashley in the election for the Bridgeton division of Glasgow on Tuesday by 1401 votes. Of nine elections within the past few weeks nve victories have fallen to the Home Rulers. Jambs Williams, a groom, employed by Mr. Midleton of Avoca-street, Eandwick, was found dead in bed on Wednesday morning. Mrs. Moore, residing in the same suburb, was also found dead on a couch in her bedroom about the game time. The blacks have been ordered off Palmerston in the Northern Territory, to return to their camps, so as to avoid the danger of smallpox. A China man, having smallpox, has been found in the bush, near Port Darwin, and a constable has been left to guard him. During a performance for the benefit of the Narrabri hospital on Tuesday, Mr. D. P. Kelly, land agont, who is leaving there for Bui rowa, was presented with a testimonial and a parse of sovereign s by the Mayor. The recipient returned thanks. Mr. Kelly is well known in Sydney. It has been finally decided by the Victorian Railway Commissioners that the officials censured ?over the Windsor accident be dismissed fvom the ? service. The management of the Traffic Depart ?tnent has also been divided between in and out door managers, instead of having one general ^manager. Sir Julius Vogel, Colonial Treasurer oi! New ?Zealand, estimates the component parts of the ?sum of prosperity of the colony as follows :— Agriculture .£10,830,000, manufactures £7,436,000, commerce £13,431,000, transport £1,750,000. He says that commerce and manufactures should change places. On Tuesday evening an aggregate meeting of western miners carried a motion calling upon the manager of the Eskbank Colliery to discharge the ' blacklegs ' employed there, or accept 24 hours' notice from the men. It is expected that there ?will be a general strike in the district. The Katoomba men are now on strike. On Wednesday night, at a meeting of the general committee of the Bulli Relief Fund, held in the Town-hall, the report of the executive com mittee was adopted, trustees appointed, and the ? executive committee empowered to continue their services till the completion of the trust deed. '-There is now a balance in hand of £38,203 5s. The reversal of the cancellation of three condi tional purchases of John Shannon's in the Merriwa ?District, comprising 80£ acres, 80 acres, and 100 ;acres, has been officially announced by the Lands ?Department this week to Mr. James Carroll, land ?agent, in this city, who acted for the selector in -the matter. The selections had been cancelled over three years ago. The jury engaged in the inauest on the Clare mont ghost affair met on Wednesday to further consider the report of Dr. M'Laurin and Profes sor Stuart on the remains found. The report was read. In the absence of the medical evidence from Sydney which had been asked for, it was decided to adjourn till Monday next. The two local medical men Bay stilL that the bones are human. Snow fell heavily at Bathurst on Thursday. The Ameer's troopa have been obliged to fall back on Khelat-i- Ghilzai. Ten thousand additional Italian troops have been ordered to Massowah. Thh partially-arranged duel between General Boulanger and M. Jules Ferry has collapsed. In the International Chess Tournament, M'Kenzie was first and Blackburn and Weiss equal. Snow commenced falling at Kiandra at noon on Thursday, and that night the unusual sport of racing in snownhoes was largely indulged in. Mown cases of email pox are reported from Port Darwin. It is foarod the Chinese are concealing fche existence of other cases, and that most serious consequences 'will result. It is stated that on an average 100 medical practitioners are registered in Sydney each year, and that there are at present about 1000 registered practitioners in the colony. It is believed that the sudden and unexpected departure of the German fleet for Samoa on Wed nesday was the result of instructions from Berlin, and the outcome of fcbe conference being held at Washington to consider Samoan affairs. The Chaffey Irrigation Bill passed its third reading in the £outh Australian Assembly on Tuesday, and the Railway Commission Bill its second reading. several alterations we.ie mu,ue in the latter measure in committee. Speaking to a deputation of Bulli widows on Tuesday afternoon, the Mayor of Sydney, while expressing his own opinion that it would be a mistake to grant a lump sum, yet admitted that the widows themselves had a right to be con sulted as to the mode of distribution of the funde. Mr. Thomas O'Halloran, aCamden farmer, who was at the butter meeting on Wednesday night, was thrown from his horse shortly after leaving the meeting, and died from concussion of the brain on Thursday morning. . Deceased was very steady and industrious. Sir Henry Parkes on Thursday received from the Colonial Architect a report on the resolutions passed by the Institute of Architects regarding the State House. The premiums for the designs have been increased to £200, £175 and £125 for the first, second and third designs respectively. Threatened Trouble on the Clermont Gold field.— Brisbane, Wednesday.— -The question of the Chinese on the Clermont Extended Goldfield is assuming a serious aspect. There are about 400 Chinese on the field, being in the proportion of four to one against the Europeans, who have been jumping the claims. They were warned bv the Chinese that if they persisted in jumping the claims picks would oe usea. me vjmnese, very few of whorn hold miners' rights, decline to leave the field, and the warden has not sufficient force at his command to compel them to submit to the proclamation. Tragedy on Board a Cutter. — A terrible tragedy occurred on board the cutter Mary, wbioh arrived at Cossack a few days ago. When the cutter was off Depuche Island, a man named Arthur Bell was stabbed in the chest and stomach by a Manila man, and died shortly after being landed from the effects of the wounds. The assassin escaped from tha ship by swimming, but he was pursued in a boat and c?,ptured after an exciting chase. He was brought to Cossack in custody of the police. Saved by its Mother. — The other day an acci dent befel a child of nearly 2 years, of Mrs. Leary (says the Adelong Argus). The latter was at a friend's house with her child, and the little one got outside, went to the well near the housQ, and fell in. The mother missed the child, and on running out, went to the well, where she saw her child in the water. She caught hold of the rope, descended the well, and saved her child from being drowned, but her hand3 are in a very bad state° in consequence of the rope cutting them. She was compelled to stop in the water till help came and brought them both to the surface. The little child has not a scratch on him. Shocking Suicide at Port Macquarie. — On Thursday morning tho body of A. W. M'Kinnon, recently a travelling agent for a Sydney Life Insurance Society, was found lying in the grave yard beside the grave of his wife, who was killed by a coach accident nearly four years ago. The body was found by Mr. Butler, wlio was led to make a search through learn ing that M'Kinnon had not returned to the hotel on Tuesday night, but had that morn ing borrowed a gun under the pretence of gotng shooting. He was just recovered from a severe attack of illness, and was very despondent, and apparently short of means. He was quite sensible on xuesaay morning wneu ne uurruweu the gun about 10 o'clock. On the afternoon of the same day he was seen to enter the graveyard, and the report of a gun was heard just after dark by the neighbours close by. He had evidently shot himself then. M'Kinnon was for 14 yeara teacher of the Taree Public School, and after wards for eight years teacher of the Port Macquarie school, which position he resigned about sis months after his wife was killed. He leaves a large family. New Guinea Natives ' Chastised.' — Cook- town, Tuesday. — Advices received at Townsville from Port Moresby give particulars of the punish ment of the perpetrators of the recont mas sacre at the Heath River. The expedition was despatched by the Hon. John Douglas, and included Messrs. E. A. Edelfeldt, R. Hunter, W. B. Livesey, Mulholland, and six islanders. At 8 a.m. on June 24 the party left the mouth of the Edelfeldt River for Letuarie, and arrived there about sunrise next morning, and ad vanced through the village. The natives fled and concealed themselves in the thick scrub, and showered arrows on the attacking party, many of them having narrow escapes. The natives followed them to the edge of the river, but the natives were driven back to the scrub by the. fire from the Winchester rifles. They after wards returned, said they did not wish to fight anyone, would not again molest white people, 'and said plenty of their people had been killed. They brought pigs in token of friendship. The expedition then returned to Motu Motu. Another expedition was made to the village of Morevei, which was deserted by the natives. A few of the principal houses were de stroyed, and the expedition having Batiofied themselves that sufficient punishment had been moted out, returned to Port Moresby. Christian justice ! The Bowral Council has decided to call for tenders for a £3000 Joan for permanent works. As expected, the miners at Eskbank Colliery, near Lithgow,, to the number of between 60 and 70 men, have come out on strike. It is now be lieved that a general strike will be averted, A servant girl in Wellington (N.Z.), who for some time managed to figure as a heroine in de fending her master's property from burglars, has been arrested for burglary. David Goggin, licensee of the Sydney and Mel bourne Palace Hotel, Lower George-street, com mitted suicide on Thursday by taking strychnine. He hud been drinking very heavily of late. Frederick Williams, aged six, had his left arm completely severed from his body by being run over by a tram in Elizabeth-street on Thuisday night. Jessie Stringer, prisoner in the Brisbane-street shooting case, was at the Metropolitan Quarter Sessions sentenced to two years' light labour in Windsor Gaol. The Wellington (TsT. Z.) Frozen Meat Company have, declared a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum. The company have contracted to ship 109,000 sheep during the season ending May, 1888. The report stated that the present low prices in England were likely to result in a loss to shippers. A New Gold Reef near Cobar. — Cobar, Wed nesday. — The gold reef which has been found three miles from Cobar has caused great excite ment here. Mr. John Hurley, M.L.A., has secured the land adjoining the prospectors, and expresses a good opinion for the future of the property. Land is being secured by old miners all along the course of the reef. AN ALLEGED V AGRANT WITH A .BANK iJALANCE. — A woman of respectable appearance named Rose Carson was brought up at the Central Police Court on Wednesday on a charge of having no lawful visible means of support. Mr. W. Stewart, solicitor, who appeared for the defence, produced bank books to show that she had £38o to her credit at various banks in the city and in Melbourne. Scene in the Legislative Council of Western Australia. — Perth, Wednesday. — A lively scene took place in the Legislative Council during the discussion on the Supplementary Estimates, which havo been the cause of prolonged debates from time to time. The Colonial Secre tary asserted yesterday that ' never during all the years he had sat in the House had he heard so much rot, twaddle, and balderdash as during the present sessiou.' To this strong1 expression of )pinion several members retorted warmly, jharacterizing the language used as unparlia mentary. Lastly, Mr. Hensman attacked Sir Malcolm Fraser. Under responsible go vernment, he said, the hon. member would not have dared to address such words to members of that House, and he further stated that the Colonial Secretary ' lived in a coward's castle.' A tremendous uproar ensued, Sir Malcolm Fraser and Mr. Warton shouting ' Withdraw, withdraw,' while Mr. Hensman en deavoured to make himself heard above the din. At last the chairman commanded the contending parties to cease their clamour, and demanded the withdrawal of the offensive words from Mr. Hens man, who finally complied, and order was re stored. State-aided Agriculture. — Brisbane, Wed nesday. — A very largely attended meeting was held in the Town Hall to-night to promote a State-aided agricultural scheme. Mr. Seymour, president of the Trades and Labour Council, presided. The following resolutions were passed: — ' That in the opinion of this meeting facili ties are roquired for enabling persons with out capital to settle on the lands of the colony, and the State-aided village settlement scheme recently published in the newspapers commends itself as a fit method of accomplishing that object ; that as the present system of State aided immigration has been found to be not only ineffective as an aid to land settlement, but abso lutely detrimental to the welfare ©f the colony, the Government be requested to cease entirely the assisted importation of all labour except for agricultural purposes.' A deputation was ap pointed to wait on the Premier to urge the views contained in the foregoing resolutions upon the immediate attention of the Government. 