Australian Tales and Adventures, No. 25. SWADDEE MUNDOOEE: .. By an Old Shepherd " Hum I" said old Jack,-" I'm getting rayther oldish, to be 'sure. Why its more nor fifty year ago since I ran down WaddeeMundoore; more nor fifty year"-And the oldman sighed as he dipped his pannioan into the "poet and rails" bucket. We were sitting in old Jacks' hut on stationon the Goulburn. He was a sort of pensioned hand of the boss, having been shepherd with the " old man" when he took up the country first of all, and never dreamed of the downl dayse of free selection and "cooky" farmere. All Jack was supposed to do was to shoot orows, and trap an occasional rabbit. For this he received good lodging, station fare, and as mooh tobacco as he wanted-with an, ooasetonal run into Moo. roopna to "bust up" a couple of pounds among the publicans. Jack was in a communicative mood this evening. Perhaps this fact was, in some sort to be connected with the circumstance that I had propitiated him with a bottle of rum. I wantedto camp that nightin Jack'ehut and had oome provided with the most artful persuader I knew of.. For if Jack loved anything under the sky, it was a tot or two of good station rum-stuff, as he would say, that made your hair grow, and which most certainly skinned the throat of any novice swallowing a glass for the first time. " Waddee Mundooee,"said I, " take another tot Jack. Who was Waddee Mundooee? a queer name that." Jack smiled with an air of superior infor. mation. "Ah tI yo never was in his country. He was a nigger was Waddee-and a tiger. A regular varmont of a black, though he did have a wooden leg." "A wooden log Jack f" " Ah--a wooden leg. He had oneshot off. But what o' that I He could give any feller with two sOund legs, the go by. He used to to fake a hop, skip and a jump with aongpole s ho had, shod with a iron spike;.ýI've knoewn to him run down a forrester-yes. a big-buook: d kangaroo.. Talk of ,yor bloyales,: bahl Waddee could ha' given em any amount: of. p, start." n "Well, well; you surprise- me. And you knew him, fifty years ago.". r, "More nor fifty year ago," said .the old d man impressively;' when this here country warn't settled, and where there's towns, and r, cities, and railways in Now South Wales, was it what you call the baok blooks.- i'm talkln' of at the time when the Owydir country was took up by Keith Collins and that lot. . More I. than fifty year ago. Ah, well-time waits for none of us mate"-and old Jack took a another dip in his pnnicaon. . ' "But this here Waddeo Mundooee as I was '- talkin' about was a real woseor.' There" was. no tamin' of him. Other blacks 'd come in r and loaf around the stations, but not Wadde. - d Ye see he'd aworn vengeance on the white feller. In the early times, an old oonviot hut. a ? keeper-mind yer, Iwes never a lag: I was a -a soeger, mate-he'd pieoned thirty or-forty. poor devile, ea had camped nea?rBrennan's . lation .on ,?the -Burdekin. 'Yes,' they was a noosance no doubt, coming round the hbut begging for a "plower" as they called it, and bacoa, But to pieon?'em off likedingoes was rather too strong. However, Bob Taylor one morning, bein' in a -devil's own temper mixes up a lot of arsenic and flour, and bakes a heap 'o johnny oakes, which he gives to the Sgns as came loafin' around. Before the eon set, ae I've heoard, there was over thirty men, Sg, lubras, and picanninies lying dead on he banks of the creek. They say Bob watched 'em as they rolled about alore they died soreaming and crying: and that he laughed and called it good fun. But mebbe that wasn't trme. There was a bother about it, and Bob near got hise kick off at Sydney, but a lawyer I pulled him through. Then he went back r to the station, for the boae was a tiger and quite backed up old Bob in what he'd done. Ah l--"and here -Jack paused and looked meditatively into the fire, "I've seen some bloody work mate, among the blacks-seen a 'em shot for sport, jest as' you'd pot a kangaroo; seen the lnbras rounded up as a you'd round up bullooks, and neued as you e may guess by young fellers as called 'emeelves i gentleman and Christians, and would ha' I soon o' thought of killing a white man as of killing themselves. But- blacks was no ao. count in their eyes, and I once see amission. ary chap run off a station for saying that in God's eyes a black was an good as a white, They called it blasphemy, they did; and gave the preacher the run. However to get on with my yarn, when Bob the lag, pleoned the blacks as I've told yo, he didn't know'I fancy, that they b'longed to Waddee Mindooee'a tribe. If he had, I think he'd ha' though twice, becos Waddee was a terror. He never forgave an injury, and quite a number of shepherds and hut. keepers had reason to know it. You may be sure then that he swore vengeance agin Bob. But Bob was pretty safe, for he was cook and hut.keeper at the home station where there was always a lot of hands,.and where all niggers for miles around was kept off with the musket, .But some of us was sure that sooner or later Waddea would nab Bob, and then-'well Bob would get his gruel. " Well so it came. One day Bob got hold of a bottle of rum and goes down to the creek and sets to work to finish it off all by him. selt. He didn't turn up at.supper time, and thelhohpeswent out-to-lobk for-him; and found him. He was anight. There was a stick wedged in his month, hib eyes was gouged out; his two hands was chopped off and his legs was broke with blows of a toma.I hawk.. Hewas alive and that's all, and all he was able to whisper was, " Waddee Mun. doose." Then he croked. - "Well nobody was over and above fond of old Bob. He was a early savage sort o' chap, a: nd that pisoning sort of business wasn't gen'rally relished by the chaps. But if they 'I didn't like Bob they wasn't a bit took with Waddee ilundoose. Soon as they'd put the old man inhie. grave, half a dozen of the hands on horseback and well armed, went out. to -find Mr. Waddee, and settle his business. They took up his tracks easy 0 I -they were tracks you cootldn't make no mistake about--Waddeo having only. one foot, and a long pole serving for tha other. Yee, there was no mistaking Waddee's tracks, even without a black boy to mark 'em, which they.had-a Moreton Bay boy, as was stook-riding on the station. They ran down the tracks to a chain of I waterholes, and through some dry swamp land on t'other side. 'They followed 'em up i to the foot of a mountain ridge which ran up - sheer with rooks three hundred feet high. Here the blackboy brought up. He jumped t down from his horse, and looked on the ground; then he ran upto the teco of the o rook, and with eyes starting from his head, stared at it, smelt it, and shuddered. "Baal that feller Waddee Mundooee, man. I No fear debbil, debbil. See him go along up I all same snake, and the boy pointed to a narrow ridge sioh as a possum could hardly climb up. The- chaps followed this track with their, eyes. "Hi I-there him-all along stand on top look out," And the boy ran right under the rook. "At the same moment a spear, launched from above, was driven through the arm of one of the meno. "There was a scuttle to get out of range. I believe that most there had some hankerin' . belief that Waddee was a sort o' devil. He'd a done ouch rum things, and could travel so I fast, that he'd be heard of almost in one place as soon as another, that the yarns of the black boys about him being a "debbil debbil'! was somehow believed by a lot of station hands. Anyway, these chaps ran out v of range, anddthen turned to look at the old chap as he stood on top of the rook, on one leg, and leaning on his staff, while in his left b hand be held two or three spears. " Try him with a shot," says the wounded man. "Dash him'l he's settled my arm-" They had run the spear through and ban- . daged up the wound, but the chap felt the pain so great, that he made sure he was g bound to lose his arm. "Well-no they told me-they shot at d -Waddee until all their powder and bullets b was gone. No one could hit the old chap, t who gammbned to catch the balls, and danced, and yelled a hurricane.. I expect they was out o' range, although none of 'em would over allow that. They all had it, that the old chap was what they ,call invulnerble, and that no bullet 'cept a silver one, 'd ever 1 cook Waddee Mundooee. " Howsoever, Waddea was no more inral. nerble than I amr. Some yearn after this I was searching some scrub land on theBur. nett for some sheep as I'd missed when the L dogn began to bark in-a way as I knew a didn't mean they'd found the sheep. I fot lere up carefully, and, sudden like, comes on an old woxlcy oet up agin a big box tree. And there, lying on a rogged 'possum rug, was my noble Waddeoe Mundoooee. But there wasn't nothin' to fear from him now. He was come to his last, As he looked up p at me, a fire like, came in his eyes, and he made a move for his waddy; but he knew it a wao no good, and he closed his eyes and h Jabbers something in his own lingo. He was thin and wasted like, and I guessed he was t starved. I stoops down and lifts him nup, and I reckon he thought I was goein' to finish tl him-he glared defiant like. And when I pours a mouthful of cold tea, an I had in a a billy, down his throat, he looked real as. tonished, and muttered something. "By.and-bye I got the poor devil round a j bit. Ilit a fire, which seomed to frighten n him, but I told him in broken black lingo , that there wasn't nobody near. Then I mada , him some hot ten, and gave him ia taste o' b e damper and a bit o' sali mutton I had along, Swith me; And while he ate-he was saarv : ing-he looks at me as Ihbe couldn't take it in as aroality, anyhow.. L :. S .Welal I found that the poor beggar was eat up with rheumatios. Ie was old too, and as r I examined his poor old oareas, I found as many wound marks on it as there was dirt. HIe smiled when I looked at a great soar on r hisbreast. "I Big feller white man--plenty"-and he a made a algn of striking. "Me kill him all same," and he laughed. I thought to myself a that arter all this old chap was only,satin' according to his lights, as the parsons may. a Anyhow I could see no more harm in his Sspeanrin' whitejmen than white men shooting black. You see I'd been a soager and' in the army ono learns to look at things different like. " Well I did what I could for the poor old heathen. My but wasn't over two miles away and I generally managed to getaover- to.aee Waddee two or three times a week. I got some'turpentlne from the home station, and rubbed his rheuaintio legs, and he?e'gdt 'bout a little. But Isaw his time was about come, and he:knew it too; I tell ye it used to make; me feel softilike, as he sat orooning over the little fire, and thinking I dare say; of the gay old times when he was strong and hearty. "White feller," said he tome onb,day,tnrn log his dark eyes upon me, (jeat li?ebooal of. fire they was). "Two days "-ha held up two fingers- "Waddeo Yfundooee go up along a there," pointing to the sky. "You good feller. Some day, me jump up along white man, come along a you." "All right;, Waddee," says I, "I shall be glad to see you." He went on. "Along a oreek you go for Waddeo lIan dooee," said he, soft like. "Go'o'd feller you. Come along thirty mile, black feller's camp sit down. You tell 'em Waddee all along die. Show 'em this.' They come take away thls,: and he glanced at his shrivelled old body.. "You go'-please ?" and I couldn't say no. I left him right away, and gets on my horse, and yards the sheep, and leaves the dogs, and away I went. I knew whereabouts the camp was, but I shouldn't ha'" ventured into it if' Waddee hadn't given me his old. staff. 'And suore enough when I rode in and.howed this, they all seemed to understand, 'and the old women and luhres began to croon theirdeath 0ongs. When I'd 'delivered my message I went back to my hut, Next afternoon a runner came from Waddee to say he wanted to see me. I goes down, and there was the old chap propped up, dressed out in some black's fixings, hie spears and weaponsearound him, and hie' feller countrymen, seated in' a cirole. When he saw me, he smiled. I bent down. He took my hand, pressed it weak like Agin his soarred breast, and says he, "Carbon good feller-this. ' Good feller, white feller-some time jump up along-" And then, blest if he didn't die off euddent with his eyes fixed, like a dog's, on me." Old Jack paused here to refresl' himself. Then he began to smoke violently. "That's all then, Jack," said I. "Yes, that's all, It ain't ,muoh of a'yarn, but it goes to show, don't it;,that'the devil's not so bleak as he's painted? It's time to turn in." Three Very Old Stories.-'t a recepiion' to Itev. Dr. Seward, in New Britain,' Conp., recently, reminscenees were in order. 'It was said that Dr. Seward'iasisted, when appointed: pastor in 1886, that he should not be called upon for more than two public servinee each I Sunday; 'that one member of, the clinurch shortly afterward prayed that the pastor would receive grac to preach in the morning and afternoon, and, "if his strength held out he might continue in the evening." : .0 Dr. Seward told of receiving a bushel of turnips once for marrying a couple, and some years later the bridegroom appeared and paseed out £2 10s. saying- " lly wife has turned out so well that I feel justlifed in this expenditure." A man once came into It church late, and started, with squeaky' boots, to walk the whole length of a ride gallery, when an ex. ehange pastor stopped suddenly in his prayer, opened his eyes, end, pointing a long finger at the disturber, enid,- "You eit down right where you are !" He then went on and finished his prayer. Useful Dogs.--The British Government has decided to remit the tax on dogs employed on the south coast ol devon. These animals perform the novel work of catching hold of a rope thrown from fieshemen's beoats, .They bring it ashore, and the people who are waiting there are able to haul in-the boat through the surf. The rocky coast prevents fishermen from pulling the boat ashore with. out the dogs, who have to be trained to the work, which is extremely risky,. The world, it ever it is to be reformed by men and through men, can only be so by the personal intercourse of living men, living epistles, not dead ones. Love, meekness, b kindness, forbearance, and uneeflshnease, b manifested in human souls uttering them. I selves by word, look, and deed can alone reo. gengrate men. . The True Story of Jim. We had laid up that night on the Platte River, Mr. Colby, the Sheriff, of 'Arapahe County, had come down to Chufi's ranch in n search of jurors, and, seeing a party of b Easterntouriets camped near by, had walked e over to make our acquaintance; He was so a fresh and breezy and withal, so genial and a gentlemanly, he had such an'~air of being master of the situation and himself that we y were all of ns glad when he accepted our r oommissary's invitation to remain and snup a with us. 't . o After tea we. galy assembled around the b roaring camp firo, and 'for awhiloe wit and a 'laughter winged the happy time. But, as the twilight deepened, the gusty talk blew over, h silence fell upon us with the night. Our w shepherd, for once unmindful of the tender 'b lambe he had led forth into the wilderness, I was seated astride a waggon tongue, penaively r greasing his boots. The o'ominssary had i folded the map of Colorado, and, dumb as a it door nail, had slid himself down from the bumpy log, on which he had been for some time a restless sufferer. Even Philomel, the soul and genios of our party, had, for a sea. son, turned the key upon wIt and song, h Gracefully throned on her hand-trunk, she g watched, in silenceo, the bright and happy tc sparks that danced a earmagnoleae they rose, lght- footed,' from the orange flames, All ti was quiet upon the Platte; the tongues of the de waggone were not more silent than ours.- ' The Sheriff of Araphoe was the first.to In break the spell. "I started in to tell you," w he said, "the true story of Jim while we were Io Ssupper, but Istruck a snag in the shape Of eflaplaok and d4dn't get on with it." 55 "It's not too lateilor it yet," said tho Oom. "Well," oontinued Mr. Colby, "twenty qi years ego I was stopping at Hard.up, Cal., se ting to digmy fortune out of a mine there. gi In the town was a one.hores lawyer named an Smith Johnson, who was about the biggest fs oset in all the dfggin'e round. And Souith fo had a son named Jim- ared-.hahed, freckled. Is face little lO.year old scamp who was the ak terror of all the hen roosts and gardens in the town. The way I won Jim'a heart was this. I had a water.melon patch that was, w If yo'll forgive the figure, the npple of my tr eye. One evening I walked forth inth my garden to view it, and what should I T. see in the middle of it but that skeeeics, at Jim, letting into one of my water. of melons as lively as a mole. Up I oame in the m rear sad gathered up Jim by the waist.band, n whereat, finding his little game was blocked, to he oammeneed to wriggle sod bowl, I " Let ma go,' said be: ' I won't come hbe no more. Please let me go, Mr. Colb. S''' Oh, you yunag scamp,' said I ' I've go you now and I think I'll keep you. I find it's very safe to punish these bad boys that are so ready to be good when they're caught. Do' you knew what I'm going to do with you?' said I, givink him a final shako and setting him up on his pin. ' I'm going to send you to jail.' SOh, please, ?r. Colby, give me?a whippin, an' lotme go.' "'No, I haven't 'any right to whip youn but I'm obliged by the law to send you to jail, and I can tell you a jailisan awful place, There's rats there 1' S" Oh.o,' groaned Jim. "'And sometimes in the night they gnaw at! your togs.' " ' Please, Mr. Colby,' whinoed Jim, " ' And your nose,' said I, 'and you have to go to' bed without any asndle, and you can't play poker, and they do say that the ghosts ef the people that were there before and got hung for stealing watermelons come hack at,. a midnight and 'maake a dreadful ncisea . Oh, I can tellyeo, it's no fun to go to. jail. .. "Well I atftar I bad chaffed tbaelittlesamp loang.enough, I-gave him a sermon on tha moral law and let him go with nothingworse than fright, but, after that;'strange to say Jim and I were cheek by jowl." " Same time after the watermelon fracaes," continued Mr. Colby, !' I wa going op the gulch to Seooptown when I saw, an the aide o(.the hill, the tracks at the Vigilence Com. mittea. They were three read agents that had been tried and hang the day belore and left suspended from thg branch of a tree to strike terror into the heart of evil doers. Well, there was a mob of boys round this monument of justice, and they were divert. iag themselves with running down the hill sud swinging the luekless road agents to the breeze; "Jim was just receiving the cheers of the crowd for sending his man np to the branches, whero he had lodged a minluto be. fore be came down, when le spied me in the road and came to meet me. "' Yor sea, Mr.aColby,' he began in a rather deprecatory voioo, ' didn't Csee o uset in them' three thieves loafin' on that branch' without being any use to themselves nor no: body else, so I just sot them up in buslness. And now I've come down to ask whether you've' eaw an old whisky barrel on legs about here.'" "'A whisky barrel ?'" saidI. 'Why, no, Jim. -What do you mean '"' '" ! Oh, I mean the old 'un, of course. He's gettin' most uncommon had lately.' " Jm,' said I, 'did you never hear about honoring your father?'. "'Honor that old sardinel Hal hel Really an' actually now that's a good 'an. You'd have eommersetted out o' yer skin to have seen that old coon last night. I noma home, goin' on to 11, when he heered some. thin' rattlin 'round, an' he rio up,and when he seed 'me, one leg out and one leg in, he says, says he, 'Jim, whar've you been 7?' an'I says says I, 'I've been down to the Silver Tooth.' " - . "'Then,' says he, 'an' what was you doin' than ?' "' I was playin' a little game olf poker,' said I.r "' Did. you make anythin', Jim ?' says SYeP , sir,' says.;: ii won three pounds." "- ' ;,Then there come r a big thaw in his voice, an' he says, says ibe, (meltin' like), 'Jamest aditsn,; my sen, tate that thr jug that's t the head of this bed and step right round to -old Shorty's and git mo'a gallon of ast.olass beosine,' says he.. "'But I lost it all agin, 'father,' saye I. "-Well; sir, he rared up in bed, an' says be. Yoh little scamp, elI catch you round to the Silver Tooth agin 'll take the hide an' hair off yer. 'Hain't you got nothin' better to do than to spend your poor old father's last red a.gamblin' an' disgraoiu"of yer family?' says he, hustin' out' rying' like as though he'd jest buried his demijohn. At this point in hie narrative Mr. Colby, paused. ."The sequell" cried Phllomel. "Let's hear how Jim wound up. "I left Hard-up," resumed Mr. Colby, "about two yeareafter I first metJim. Three years later I happened to be.n Virginia idty, and one day while there, as I was coming out of the barber's shop, who should walk up but Jim himself. ' Why, Jim,'said I, * where'd you come from? anod where'd you get all those good elothes?' "' Them clothes,' said Jim, 'why I did a merchant tailor out o' them clothes, I charged 'em to the old man. That's a good on, ain't it?' I wouldn't have done it, thougb, If I hadn't come out as a relormedindividual,and it was positively necessary to get some re formed toggery.' "How did you get reformed, Jim ' said I "Well, you see, Mr. 'Colby, father and I come over here about two years ago, and as soon as I come I took hold of a lot of boys here who didn't have nobody to teaoh 'em to be as bad as they wanted to be, an' I thought it was a pity to see so much talent going to waste, so I organised 'em into a gang of thelves. Well, sir, I can tell you we did a pietty lively business, but one Sunday Bishop Tuttle was runnin' tho'Pisoopal outfit in that meetiu' house over there, and I jist thought I'd go in. Now I couldn't tell eyr, to save my skin, what he said to the crowd, (Beloved brethren he called 'em), but, by jing, when I come out I just set down on a dry goods box and I began to turn things:over in my mind, an' I says to mysell: ' The way you are geln' on, Jim you'll be in the penitentiary before you're ! man; you'll just have to turn n on' reform,' So I went an' got these hereolothe an'now I'm printing for my livin' in the En terpriteoflice. Doyeou think, Mr. Colby, I a aoy like me turned square 'round be could fai Epygood?" "'Jim,' I said, 'a hby like yo canu do hat, he pleases.' Well, I talked to'him a long while, and when we parted the mist that had, 'been gathering in his eyes fell down in rain. I have never seen Jim since, but lost winter I read in a Nevada paper that the HEon. James Madison Johnson had been elected Speaker of the House of Ieproesentativee. A Mert Accident.-In smenahing for gold in the mining regions, men sometimes hunt months and months before they find gold in any quantity. They find just enough to make them hope that neat 'day, or week, or month they will find enough to make them wealthy. Often it is the merest sool dent that makes the gold visible. One of the 'Western papers gives an anooount ol the way in whioh the proprietor discovered the gold whore the mining camp Esmeralds is now located. The 'rein is what thl miners oal " a blind ledge; " that is, there is nothing o on tbhe surface of the ground to lead one to think that gold was beneath the surtaloc. One day the prospectar saw a mars of deoompoesd quarts mingled with some dirt that had been erathhed nat by gBiound.squirrels when digi ging holes io the side ef the hill. He e00 amiued the quartnl oarefoully and decided to follow the holes dug by the eqorrel. He found the vein, and now a rich mining oamp is lobated where the squirrels dug the holes showing the way to the gold. Eer Social Positon.o-Tha lama's woman is thought to have received muoh training, in the frat two centuriaes, throush the groat nuhber of secret sooieties e~xiosting. 'The burial inseoriptione show that she bore an important part in these and even held tiloe in somo of the maniolpalition. I1e moral character at this time, however, did not stand very hligh, if we may trust the hblis. sorians and satlrists. 5? . " 