WIT. À newspaper notices marriages ander tibe beading of 44 Doings of tim Weak" Love is a little confidence game, in which both parties are taken MMby tbeiclergyman. At tiie marriage of yoong and oharming girl to an old and infirm man, ' Mrs, B:-41 Poor Clara! What a pity she should sell herself to that wheezy old skeleton." Mrs- K t-" My dear, it is not a sale, only a lease." A yoong fellow quite fond bf champagne. Could a case or two easily draga» ; But the barkeeper knew That his shekels were few So he gently had to restrague. " How do yon feel now?" mqmred Smith of Brown, upon whom a 2001b. female had fallen while trying to get a seat in a street oar. "As though I had greatness throat npon ne," repliai Brown, smiling faintly, but i facetiously. 441 think it would be a good plan to make playwrights Bubmit their works to Congress j or something like that, before they are placed, ; on the stage," said Smith. " Yes, and then5 ' have Congress pass resolutions about most Of them, commencing 'Be it on-acted,'" replied i Brown. '? Outside a miner's tent in Idaho, a red-: shirted man was searching fer bis tin cup. ' Not finding, he observed : " Some infernal thief has stolen my bop." Then thrusting I his head into the tent, he asked,44 Any of yon j gentlemen got it ?" _ I Editors-"I understand, Mr. PhunniousJ that you have married." Paragrapher (sadly) : " Yes, sir." Editor ; " That will perhaps in- fuse new life into your mother-in-law joke,'' will it not P' Paragrapher (more sadly) : "That is a thing of the past, sir. The mother-in-law is no langer a joke to me." i Mrs. Parishioner : 44 Is it possible? And so j your wife is a deaf mute ?" American Min ister: "Yes, she -was born so." "How¡ . terribly she must feel the affliction !" " On ! the contrary, she is the happiest minister's j wife in tiie country." " Yes ; she never hears j a word the congregation say about her." 1 Street Car Politeness.-"You - will oblige:! me by taking this seat, madam," said a polite ! passenger in a street car, touching his hat; Í The lady took the sea4,. 44 Thank you," said j the polite passenger. "Yon are quite* welcome,",was the gracious reply. At the.Concert.-Young Candid V Did yon ever hear snob horribly discordant, ear- splitting, infernal --. Old Prondf ut : Sir-r-r ! That's my eldest daughter, and-, Young Candid : I repeat, sir, snob infernal clatter as the idiots behind us are making. Why, I can't hear a word of tko song. Yes,'' said a husband, Badly, " my wife is a devotee of the red flag. Thé very sight of, one arouses her to a high pitch of excite, ment." "Snwly she cannot have any sym- pathy in common with , such out-throats ?" "Yes, she has." 144What, Anarchists and Socialists ?", .''No, Auctioneers." Bertie, "Say, Miss Pratt, isn't it uncom- fortable to have something buzzing in your, hat all the ^timiè ?" ~ Miss P. : *' Why, there isn't anything buzzing in my hat, Bertie." Bertie: 44 Yes, there is. Pa says you've got a bee in your bonnet, and it's a good big one, too." - ' ? ' ' A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast Iamb, and the waiter bawled to the cook : " One lamb." " Great Scott, mister," cried tho countryman. "I can't eat a hull lamb ;. igimme some fried oysters instead." 44One fried," bawled the waiter. "Welly Methuselah's ghost ! Mister, one fried oyster hain't goin'to be enough, Gemme a dozen of 'em. Dorn these city eatfrT places !" First Omaha Girl : " Of all things ! Yon must be crazy. The idea of marrying a circus performer !" . Second Omaha Girl : "I know what Tm about, Mary. He makes his living walking a tight ' rope." " What pf that?" "I haye tiie satisfaction of knowing that if he ever takes to' drinking hell kill himself.'' An advertisement reads ss follows r-"A young man, sober, and reliable, who has à wooden leg arid cork ann, is willing, for a moderate salary, to allow his false limbs to be maimed by wild beasts in any reputable menagerie, as an advertisement. No objec- tion to travelling. There is a story told of an Irish jockey who, selling a nagi» a gentleman, frequently observed with emphatic earnestness that he was aa honest horse.' After the purchase the gentleman asked bim what' he meant by an honest horse. 44 Why, sir," replied the seller, 44 whenever I rode him he always threatened to throw me and; be never deceived me." A well-known New York artist and his wife made their appearance at an evening party last winter. As they entered the drawing-room the hostess hastened to greet t&TmliahH;éWsra^ glad to see you ! We've beenrausackiug the highways and byways to get people to cóme1 here to-night." A very deaf Boston man has a charming wife and a cross dog. , One morning a friend met bim and said: "Good morning, Mr. Bland. Your wife made a vory pleasant call on ns last evening.". ^Tm very sorry,;" (was the startling answer of the deaf citizen,44TU. see that it .doesn't <oo«ur. again. I'm going to chain her up after this." Jim Webster : 1 was jess savin' de udder day. you was one pb de mos' reckless, men I ober seed." <4, Yóp 'M right. T isn't fearog of nufSp," .replied U^JeMpse. .^.¿¡ess what I sauLfMDen, job/ogawey jon isn't afe^red to lend toe a dollah.", 4" No, Jeeras, I isn't afes&d; te Iehdyon a doUah." 44 Je*s what I said; ' Hand ober dé oookermenfc" ' "I isn't afea^tolénd^ér atiollab, bat 1'does so htó Ji pare with an ¿dd trffi for ebor. "J Fae got 3e dolían^ Jeetns,' bat I la¿ks oónfer l dence." 