Les Cloches de Corneville. Apropos of the coming Opera, now the common talk of tho town,, we have received the following canto in blank verse which so clearly sets forth the plot action and argument of tho ' Cloches de Corneville'. that by giving it publication we think the publio, (and especially those who do not know the Opera) will know still loss about it after reading the pro duction as we here givo it. in its ontirety. ,,..'? , CANTO I. .,'*- Where Corneville's stately chateau rears it« towers -,.i And frowns upon tho shores of Calvados ....'..: Lived Gasparu, un unprepossessing rann, ,''?', A miser lie, and f iww.iy in his dress ' ' -?-'?. Who, somewhere ubont sixteen, sixty-two 'Was steward of the princely revenues ? - ' : Belonging w the local nobleman. i The Muniuis, who had got himself disliked -.-...:' Through meddling like u fool, in politics And had to ilee, and died in New South Walea Of IUtiwarm cheese. His grandson, heir To nil his wenlth, became a buccaneer And carried cheap colonial wine in bulk To French ports, whence it speedily returned As claret, btivpnimly or dry champagne In capsuled bottles labelled with tho name Of ' Jules Suborn,' or words to that oiTcct. Once, when in sight of his ancestral home, ' Ho saved a maiden from a water}' grave And, being pressed for time, delivered her. All moist and senseless, to the brawny arms Of Grcnidiou.v, a flshermnn, who stuck His tongue into his manly check, and nworo Oy en she revived) that lie had done tho deed Himself, And she was full of gratitudo And swore to wed tho mnn who saved her life, And never noticed that his clothes were dry. Germaiuc her name, an erphan she, nnd niece Of the old miser, Rumour whispered too \- Tho heiress to hia savings ; therefore she Was sought in marriage and on that account ? . ? I Was greatly loved by nil tho other girls. ; ???? The Bailli even (se it was averred) Had cast the eve of love upon Oermainc, But as he was both elderly and fat Genimine, some how, did not reciprocate. Nor had she nny love for Grenicheux ? Who, for;his part, adored one Serpolette, Another orphan of uncertain ago And temper, who bad been found, when a babe, By Gnspanl, and had been compelled to milk The cows and feed the ducks and do odd jobs About the house. She cherished vague ideas Of greatness, thought she had been eiauged at nurse, And consequently was of noble birth, And put on airs accordingly. This pleased Uaspanl immensely, when ho found the houso Neglected and the cows unmilked, while she Went gossiping and gadding through the town. However, Gaspard spent most of Jus time At the deserted castle, in whoso vaults His gold was stored, while he, to scare away Tho villagers and other thieves had put In circulation rumours that the place Bulged out with ghosts, and every now nnd then He would sit up at night and rattle chains, And burn dim lights, and groan in dismal wise And act the common or the garden ghost At some conspicuous window, till, at last, The castle such a reputation gained That even bold book agents feared to call. CANTO H. ? ' At length n time arrived when Cornevillo's heir Grew tired of a dishonest life, and loathed The meretricious glory that surrounds The New South Wales J.P. and M.L.A., And yearned for honest poverty at home. Assigning his estate, because he thought It would save time, his assets being ml, And leaving kind regards to all his wives (He'd ono in Sydney, two in Adelaide, And three in Brisbane, ot whom two were black,) Ho sailed, regretted by his creditors And, at tho period when the play begins . Had landed on the shores of Calvados. To claim, his vast inheritance with all Arrears to date at compound interest — Bcpairiiig to tho hiring fair he learned The legend of tho bells of Cornoville, Which was to this effect, that when the heir . Iicturncd, the bells would rins a certain chime Spontaneously, nnd nil tho village folk Being, as Carlyle puts it, ' mostly fools,' Believed the story. But the Marquis thought It wise not to rely too much upon Tho supernatural. Ho therefore had Tho chimes scoured up nnd oiled, and placed the Mato 'Who held all spirits nnught, excepting ruin, . In charge, at the appointed timo to work Tho oracle. Tho vaults were also searched ' By troops of myrmidons disguised as ghosts Who fuiding Gaspard counting up his gold So scared him, that the miserable man Went straightway off his chump, and wandered forth A gibbering idiot, while tho bells iiroeliumcd That Johnny Iwd indeed come marching homo. A document was found, which clearly proved (For nobody could read it) Serpulette To be the JlarcUionesa de Lucenuy. And she, in consequence, put on lnoro side Than any Bathurst swell in Sunday dress Or Hanby's bull-dog. But it soon appeared That 'twas considerably otherwise For Gaspard, in a lucid interval, Helmed how tho Count do Luccnay Had left Germaine, his daughter, In his charge And, setting sail for Buthurst, had been wrecked Near Dubbo, where ho lived for yoara, and died A much respected ' mimbor nv the foorco.' So nil things ended happily. Gcrtnniuc Espoused the Marquis, to his grcnt content, And everything was lovely, and tho goose, Hung very high, So ends this little tale. 