CHAPTER II. A female form divine. Ah, you'll say I thought that it was some gal or other he fell in love with. Nay, but dear reader, gentle reader, it was not a common everyday girl. I was always very gallant to the soft sex. Perhaps I inherit it from my dear old dad. Peace be to his ashes. I thought I knew what a nice girl was, but Bella Brown was away above the or- dinary run of divinities. Shall I describe her. Ah! No. I could not paint the snowy brow, the pearly teeth, the ruby lip, the wealth of golden hair which swept in flowing waves, through which the sunbeams played hide and seek, down below the slender waist. Ah! I leave it and simply say 'I loved her.' She was the daughter, the only one, of a pedagogue who lived a few miles out of town. I loved her, I courted her. Many a chat I had with the old man for the sake of courting the lassie. Many an argument he and I had on politics, poetry, theology, &c.; In Melbourne, at that time, lived a foreigner named Joe Cremona. He was an admirer of B. B., and I was very jealous. Joseph was a stout, strongly-built man of 35 years, with an arm like a sledge-hammer, and a black, shiny, curly head of hair. Well, I got tired of Mel- bourne, and resolved to go back to my moun- tain home; otherwise the 'diggings.' So Joe and I, along with two more, made up a party; and both of us bidding good-bye to B. B., we started with merry hearts for old Bendigo. We had many a chat about her ; and we agreed not to quarrel over her, but that he should win her who could. She wrote to one of us at a time, always sending best wishes, &c.;, to the other one. Time passed on; and it was some six months from the time we had seen her in Melbourne, when she suddenly appeared before us while we were at work one lovely morning in Ironbark Gully. Her father had thrown up the school teaching, and was very sick with gold fever ; and so he had arrived the night before, and was camped quite near to us. Well, we lost no time in renewing our acquaintance; but I think poor Joe was the most eager in his endeavors to win her love. Now came an event which decided the, matter. We had been in the tent all the day until about 2 p.m. It had been raining heavily; and for days previously there had been a heavy, down- pour; so that all work was stopped, and now the water had rushed down off the ranges ; each tributary gully adding its quota of boiling, rushing, red water, which soon played sad havoc with our claims, sweeping into the holes. Soon the gully was a broad sheet of foaming water, save where some heap of washdirt or pipeclay stood, like an island amid the ocean current. 'Let us go to the gully, mate, and see what it looks like,' said Joe." 'Well, I don't mind if we do,' replied I, 'but I reckon we have lost all our tools in the claim, though I wouldn't mind that if we can only find the claim again. I fear we shall have to shift an awful lot of mullock, to get the ground in ship-shape for working again; and I could see the gold sticking all round the drive where I got that 6oz nugget.' 'Hallo there's Bella.' And sure, enough there she was, looking spruce and lovely. 'Ah!' said, Joe, 'I hope ,she won't slip in. See! she is going for water.' 'I say Joe, if she should slip in, would you rush in after her.' 'You'd better believe it mate.' 'Ah!' said I in a jocular, way, 'and then you would claim her as yours, and I wouldn't stand the ghost of a chance.' 'Right you are, old man; and I think in the circum- stances you would be the man to say, "Take her, mate. You have won her." ' 'Well, I believe I should. But you don't think I would stand here gaping at you saving her, and not lend a hand.' 'By Jupiter,' said Joe, 'We shall have a race for it, and the man who saves her shall have her.' 'Ha! ha! you talk as if she was in the water. Well, I'll agree to your terms, and he who pulls her out shall have her.' And then we both broke out into a hearty laugh at our foolish talk. Miss B. was on the opposite side of the gully from us, in the act of dipping a bucket of water, when hearing us laugh out so loudly she looked up, as she rose, and, seeing us opposite, she beckoned to us with her hand, knowing full well we could not cross the rushing torrent. 'Ah, my goodness! she'll be in. 'No! she has recovered.' This from Joe. But she had not recovered; for, the bank being of wet mullock, gave way as fast as she put a foot on it; and, with one loud, long piercing scream, she fell backward into the boil- ing flood of waters. 'Now, Joe, remember the bargain.' And off I shot down the side of the gully, with Joe after me. I was the better runner of the two. So I soon got about 500 yards ahead. One look into the foaming waters; and I saw her lovely long hair floating, and her sweet face upturned. Then she sank. One plunge, and I was breasting the current, waiting for her to rise; but I had miscalculated the current, and when she rose it was some 100 yards below. I turned, and followed; and I put out all my power to try and overtake her. . . Meantime the banks of the gully were crowded with men, who cheered me on. I could see dozens of men running with ropes in their hands, trying to throw one to the downing girl. I was now within twenty yards of her. I gave vent to a cry as I found that I could not move faster. She sank. I looked round; and now I saw perched on one of the heap of islands a man with a rope in his hand. I got to where she went down. I dived. I could not see through the muddy water. I came up again. Then she was not five yards ahead. I grasped her hair with one hand, and beat the air with the other, for I was exhausted and faint. I felt something strike me on the head, and voices shout 'Grasp the rope! Hold on to it! Hold on to it like grim Death, mate.' And I knew the voice to be Joe's. He dragged me to the spot on which he stood. Then, taking the limp drowned form from me, he pulled her out of the flood. We got to the side of the gully by means of ropes, and two or three men who came to our help. I was carried to my tent, and attended to by a few ministering angels in the shape of women. My first inquiry was for Bella; and the reply was in Joe's voice, 'She'll be all right, mate. I pulled her out. You remember our bargain.' 'All right, old chum,' I answered. 'You saved her life, and mine, too. She is yours. May God bless, you both!' When she had fully recovered we went to see her ;and then we told her of our bargain; and Joe claimed to have pulled her out.' So you see, Bella dear, I must give you up to him.' 'Oh, dear me! What shall I do? I wish I could marry both of you.' But Joe married her; and many a hearty laugh we had over our bargain. Six years after the event related above, I was in the Sandhurst cemetery one Sunday, laying flowers on the grave of one whom I had loved better than my life. Two short years before she was my happy bride. And now. . . . I looked up, to see at an adjoining grave, a lady, in black, weeping. . . . It was Bella. She had lost him. . . . I could not speak. I could only wonder, and say, 'Thy will be done' . . . Bella is sitting by my side while I am writing this, making a pair of knickerbockers for our little Jack, and she says 'Don't put my name in that tale, dear.' But it's too late now. GERMAN regiments on a night march will, in future, be preceded by a waggon carrying a powerful electric light, by which it is claimed the road ahead can be seen, and the danger of surprise by an enemy considerably lessened. 