^^'moryTeller:^ WAFTED -UPOiN THE WINdU'! ; „ .(Oqncludcd.) ... ,. j ?, 3It''.was in every sense. plain speakirig.T ' Twice I had attempted— In vain— to interrupt and when my uncle had finished he waved- mo sternly td silence, now ; some other time, Bertha.' ho said' and was gone. ..-??? FflPerh'aps itiwas wcll that my indignant * self clotcnBo' and championship of Oswald was ruthlcsly suppressed. I am of an im pulsive tempcramont, as doubtless has already been ? disclosed, and might have . 'pitifully; blundered. But my brain was sin , a whirl, and I was embittered against Mr. Hollinsworth, who, beyond reasonable question, had- -made traitorous use of the admission wrung from his too confiding .colleague. ? 'pp'.Tliis disagreeable episode , was but the ' early muttering of the coming tempest. i-Two jdays later the storm bi'oke in its ?'iEilry;-'' My uncle lmd been robbed. A i j forgery-, had come to light, and every atom v of i evidence combined to fix tho guilt of the nefarious deed upon Oswald Wardour. 'The. chain of proof is complete and irrefragable, Bertha. ' I earnestly' . wish I could escape tho conclusion to . which it points;1' said iny uncle, sittin'gimliis smok ing-cha r and watching with ; * curious, , troubled pity my pale and pleading coun ' te'nance. ' ' ' ? ''You' will forgive me that I hare still faith in Mr., Wardour's integrity,' I said. ,^ery 3 strange and far off ' my words , sounded in 'iny'own ears. ''(Certainly. I wish I could share it. . ji knew Wardour's mother onca ; she was a noble .woman, and pure as the driven snow. ' It was for her salsc I listened to .'tlio young fellow's application! And the ?blow will kill her.' \- - -Had I been less absorbed by the one ? '?*' aiiti Jwliich was now before me I should liavo detected in 'this outburst tlio echoes — yet Reverberating down the years — of ? an old romance. ' The interpretation was ','to como 'later.' !|, /;fVThQn you will refrain from pressing ,tlie prosecution ?' I said, plucking up 1 liopo;' Alas, for a girl's ignorance ! 'It' is 'tlie bank, not !, on whose initia tive Wardour will be committed,' my uncle answered, ' and once the charge has come under their cognizance there is no option but to proceed. At the trial the incriminating circumstances — black as they appear, I am constrained to admit, even to me— may be explained, and War dour may1 be; acquitted ; but until then — '' I heard, no.. mOro. ' Thoy told mo after wards that I had swooned.' There were two dreadful appearances in a police court, of which, like an epicure in anguish, I studied all the Jetails in the daily journals. I was not forbidden, for I think my uncle fancied that so only could my mind be effectually freed from the ' ' delusion of Oswald Wardour's 'mnocenco. . Tlie case .was' indeed, dark against the ^prisoner, and there were momsnts -when ^confidence reeled; ' and I feared that I might have to' drink my cup of bitterness .to tlie dregs, and with my own reasoning . .faculties, acquiesce in a verdict of condem-, nation; ' But the memory of many and 'iiiahy a quiet cliat in which Oswald's high; _aspirati6ns and upright character had, stood revealed came back like a procession of mournful ghosts and reproached me 'with my doubts. '.^'Gatiidred'into.a narrow space, the testi /niony , 011, which the charge was based was; 'as' follows: ' Oswald AVardour -had ad 'niitted to Mr. Hollinsworth the pressing want of: precisely the sum obtained as the: . fruit :of tlie unscrupulous deceit. He had tried 'to borrow the amount, and ulti mately failed; Tp; the truth of the greater part of this sworn evidence of the senior clerk I. too, could* have witnessed, had the prosecution had ,:any inkling of the circumstances; lucidly, 'they were in darkness. \- The check that bore the forgedsigna ture was one that had been drawn 'to ^Krei-,'' 1 for Mr. Craig's apprrral and 'completion, the previous orenihg ; and ?as, .contrary to expectation, my uncle had ?riot'1 reappeared in the countitg-liouso | afte^' noon; had been left in a private letter-raclc 'until tlie morning. But on' -the morrow it had . mysteriously vanished \- -Amtil :a confidential warning seat to'tlie. ' ,biink 'had , ievealed that it had already ' been negotiated by Oswald Wardour. The ?.fraud was at iOnce detected. . *i; Tlio .prisoner's defense was declared by the newspapers to be 'daring,' which ' was their euphemism for improbable and , ; unsatisfactory. Without equirocation, ; Qsw'ald- : acknowledged that he had asked Mr. Hollinsworth for a loan of .-£200 for three months. He- further affirmed that : his senior had. alternated between willing- ; ness 'and iin willingness to grant his peti- ! -tion for monetary aid. ...But what was his ; ?'meditated use for tlie mon9y lie refused to 'say ; aild ' the silence was interpreted n gaiiist li'im, .Finally— on, the very night ' in; question— he had casually met Hollins jworthv and had been recommended toa 1 'friend: who would supply the required sum the following morning at a coffee-room in Cannon-street. Suspecting no . evil, lie went to Torleni's restaurant, and met there a middle-aged man, with massive features, raven-black hair,, and a hawk like iiose— such was Oswald's description, and, it fixed itself in my memory—who said that ho was tho junior partner in i^'iltpn1\Vo|'t: .& Co., a now firm recently founded, in tlie same lino ' as .the great iwuse^)r''G(-Craig.'' He know and re spdbted 'Hollinsworth, ami on his intro. duction . would oblige^Oswald. ; It was a surprise; said ..the accused, to find that tho- draft thus offered bore Mr. Craig's niiiiio ; but a plausible account; pf a busi ness tranfe'atibii was' carelessly given, and Oswald did not dream of treachery. Even when tho unsigned check was missed, a: van-iie sense of uneasiness was all that troubled him, until ; his feet wore actually caught, in tlio net. 'This' talc pointed to a conspiracy,' of which no fragmont' of corroboration was forthcoming. Mr. Hollins worth - denied every -,word'of it that inculpated himself, and was ? believed — except by one weak girl ; I had never liked this man, although cJytAi 'tinio or another and in divers ways j iliad':seeii mu&i;' of' him; and had been | impressed hy iiis groat :;jiiercantile.knowl- j! odgo'aiuMiis-'impassiblo demeanor. , Still,; j. rnv uncle had always implicitly faulted Inm;- [ The case against Oswald as it stood, awaiting the last word of so-called justice, was currently held to bo tested and de termined by a single, question : Where was the sliadowy individual who played so conspicuous a part in the prisoner's narrative 1 Wiltonwort & Co. knew nothing : of him. Let the accused pro duce him, or put the police on his track. My uncle was very kind to mo in those days. He could not help seeing that I was suffering, and the cause was not far to seek. . But ho refrained alike from harassing inquiries and from expostula4 tion. He !; probably reproached himself for ever bringing into juxtaposition the inflammable material of two young hearts. My knowledge of what was in Oswald's heart was surreptitious ; he had never told me that he loved me or had asked mo to become his wife. ' London is not suiting you in these close days, Bertha,'' said my uncle gravely one evening, in the interval that was to precede Oswald's trial at — name of horror and doom! — the Old Bailey. 'Suppose you run down to the Edgerleys' placo in Warwickshire for a week or two ; they'll be delighted to make you welcome.' Thesc: were the friends of my Italian pilgrimage, and I was sure that the sug gestion was not broached at liaphazed. There had doubtless been a correspond-; I hesitated; Then — 'Well, if yon wish it I think I will go, uncle,' I said. : ... My preparations for a journey were not elaborate. Mrs. Brett, the housekeeper at Lincoln square, was a person of fore-; thought and resource, a nd a few hours sufficed to have my travelling-boxes in spected and packed ; and my uncle saw me into a reserved, first-class carriage at Euston. The train by which I travelled was an express, but not one of the imperial kind that -carry her Majesty's northward and westward bound mails, it stopped at all the chief junctions from Willesden to its: goal. It was immediately after passing one of those stages that a seemingly trivial i circumstance occurred, upon which, with; a'mental vision less quickened by suffer-: ing, I should perhaps have bestowed no: particular attention. Certain fragments of torn paper fluttered in the breeze past my open window, and one of them, some what larger, than its companions, became fixed between the mahogany slide and the biind-cord. It quivered there like an .ensnared live thing. Suddenly I started, a queer thought dominated my brain. The clear, fine caligraphy was wondrously like the writing of my uncle's chief clerk. I exafnine'd the scrap narrowly, and my sus picion was confirmed. The very paper had the water line of that used in my uncle's office, and '.was of similar texture. I read : . '. .... dour will be con'. . . ' :: . ; . :at'No. 8 Tower street. ? letters, will bo sure to ? | A whisper— -which was the product, doubt- j loss, of my heated imagination, but which; sounded as the voiceof one even then Ian-; guisliingin prison—filled in the missing;1 syllables in the first line, and I repeated! mechanically: 'Wardour will be con-j victed.' ' He shall not!' I cried aloud. Who had destroyed and scattered upon ' the winds this letter? Could it ; be the; trickster of Torleni's restaurant? ' j: The inspiration was justified by what; my eyes, beheld at the very next station. To scrutinize those who alighted from the: forward half of the train was now. my absorbing occupation, and I was quickly repaid. At Densford'my glance was riveted as if by magnetism, upon a man who answered almost exactly to the word picture-given from Oswald's lips in the columns of the 'Daily Sun,' Thero were the ponderous features, the. coalblack hair and scanty beard, the nose of distinctly Israelitish cast. I drew down riiy veil, and oblivious of my .luggage and its fate, of everything save tlflo imperative necessity of tracking the apparently unperturbed stranger, left my compartment also. It was neither a long nor a difficult pursuit or I might have betrayed . my purpose. My quarry entered a tliii-d- rate inn at the bottom of the hill; and, as , he was accompanied by a porter with a bag, who left the latter behind as he reappeared from the side door of the bar, I liad good grounds for niy hope that a stay was intended; I sought out the Densford Post Office and dispatched a telegram to my uncle. I felt I had stumbled upon the trail of the real criminal in that dreadful business of the forgery; or rather, I should say, criminals, for, as the sequel showed, the guilt was about equally divided. In the afternoon my uncle arrived, listened with amazement to my startling story, and' adopted bold ' measures. ? On the strength of his cogent representations a magisterial warrant was granted,- and armed' with this tho Densford Inspector of Police arrested the man called Edgar Hollinsworth.. , Discomfited and demoralized by the swift suddenness of the .blow, the victim threw himself on tho clemency of the magistrate— in other words, made full confession. It was a disclosure full of pain for the upright merchant whose trust had been abused. ?, Again I will try to condenso an intricate narrative. . James Hollinsworth, my uncle's senior clerk and cashier, had allowed to grow lip in his heart a jealous hatred of Oswald Wardour. Ho feared that in duo time Oswald might step above him into the partnership at which for so many years h° — HoJ.linsiv;orth — had [timed. Hollinsworth had a scapograce brother, called Edgar, long accounted dead, who had reappeared in one of those ;ejnl junctures ; which are tho : touchstones of mon's characters. Ho had visited my uncle's clerk in the office at an hour . when Oswald was away at the docks, and had tried to levy blackmail. Then came the temptation, to which his older and hitherto outwardlv virtous brother had succumbed. Could not Oswald Wardour's need of £200 be made the basis of a plot to run him? James Hollinsworth told his ally what was required, and purchased at a heavy price his assistance. How the scheme worked has already beon made plain. It was a singular coincidence, and ono which did not redound to the man's credit, that under pressure of these revelations a waiter at Torleni's restau rant had his mem ory quickened, and was prepared to testify to the occurrence within his master's pre cincts of the interview between Edgar Hollinsworth and Oswald Wardour, as related in Oswald's earliest statement. My uncle always believes that this waiter had been bribed to silence. It proved impossible to hush up the affair, and a sentence of penal servitude was passed upon both the brothers. ' And you saved me, Miss Craig,' Oswald said, 'when, for a few precious minutes on . the morrow of his release, we were alone. ' But for you I might be in yonder cell yet ' ; and he shuddered ' Miss Craig — Bertha— is my guess a right one — that you care— that at least you can care — for me a little, when I tell you that my heart, my life, are yours ? ' Oswald will have it that I was too oxcited to know exactly in what terms he did reveal the secret which was no secret; but I stand to what I havo written. At least I am correct in reporting my answer : 'I can care— everything,' I murmured. ' A few months after the one remaining mystery was solved. Coal had been dis covered on Oswald's 'barren acres' in the north. It was for purposes of expe riments, in which he was sworn to secrecy, that he had required the loan of the £200. But even without the prospect of this wealth my uncle would now have with drawn his opposition to Oswald as my suitor. ' Y our love, child, has been tried in adversity; may it be the stronger and more lasting,' he said. ; We are grateful and content. ! 