I THE NEW « ORPHEUS CLUB." | One ot the greatest successes in a musical way that Sydney has yet seen occurred last evening, tbe occasion being the inaugural concert of the Orpheus Club. Whether viewed simply as a concert, or whether regarded in its s'icial aspect, a unequivocal success must be recorded. Tlio large hall of Aaron's Exchange was nearlyfilled by tho subscribing members of the new society, and perhaps a more enthusiastic audience has rarely come together, time after time the members fairly rising from their seats, the more emphatically to assert their appreciation of the soveral excellencies of the programme. Prior to the commencement of the performance, the president (the Hon. Edward Barton, M.L.C.,) in an appropriate and effective speech reviewed the origin and purpose of tho society. He contrasted its formation with others that Syduov has seen, and shewed that this was tho first where professional musicians had banded themsolvos together as a brothorhood, for the genuine furtherance of musical art - laying aside the rivalries and jealousies which are com- monly supposed to exist between such persons or rather by their very action falsifying the supposition by thus proving their porfeot readiness to meet ono another in a friendly spirit, and with a common purpose of doing good in the cause of music. Tho concert was worthily opened by a very fine per- formance of the Andante and Scherzo-finale of Saint baën's grand trio for piano, violin, and 'collo. The work is a really lofty conception, strikingly original, both as regards the themes themselves and their treatment. Mons. Kowalski, Alpress, and Summerhayes were the per- formers. M. Kowalski subsequently gave his own fantasie on Gounod's " Faust." In this he has not only grasped the full spirit of the opera, and exemplified his under- standing thereof in his treatment of tho themes selected, but he has produced a work which will compare favourably with any other composition of the kind. The performance of the composer was superb and masterly. Mr. Rivers Allpress played Vieuxternps' " I Lom'bardi" fantasia with distinguished success. Messrs. Walrabe, Allpress, Schmellitscheck, Caron, and Summerhayes j oined in render- ing the larghetto and menuetto from Mozart's celebrated ''Clarionet Quintett," and while all have a right to j claim high commendation for what was a fine per- formance, special mention must be made of the ex- cellent tone of Herr Walrabe's clarionet playing. Mr. F. J. Hnllewell song the Volkslied, entitled "Drinking, Drinkine," by Fischer; but his best effort was the fine (but little-knowñ) aria from Mozart's opera " II Seraglio, in which ho sang even better than usual, his low D being especially noticeable both tor production and resonance. Mr. Warwick Gainor selected a song which brought into prominence the upper tones of his voice ; but while praise may be accorded for the singing, on this occasion the song itself claims the higher notice, for in this " Tho Hour of Prayer," which Mons. Caron huB composed, we recognise a work of much merit. Mr. James Hinchy was in grand voice, as he proved in his singing of Pinsuti's " Smile and Bid me Live." The forogomg items had been arranged in three groups, with intervals for social intercourse and for re- freshment. Subsequent to these theie was given a special " surprise " programme, in which Messrs. Kowalski, Hal- lewell, Allpress, and Gainor took part. Space forbids any detail mention of this ; but it may be said that the gentle- men who contributed to it sought rather to provide novelty of entertainment than aught elsa, and achieved most abundant Buccess. The "surprise" programmes aro intended to be a special feature ia the Orpheus Club concerts. After the completion of the programme, the Hon. Edward Barton again rose, and paid a neat and well deserved compliment to the performers, refeiring to the gratification which all concerned must experience, and to the advantages which the members must all feel they aro privileged to enjoy in belonging to a society which provides such splendid entertainment for so small an outlay. Ho predicted that a gi eat future lay before the Orpheus Club, and this anticipation wa can cordially endorse. He pro- posed a special vote of thanks to the promoters, wbiob. was accorded by acclamation; and the bon. secretary, TIr. Hallowell, courteously responded by proposing a vote of thanks to the president, which was similarly received. The Orpheus Club undertake to provide 12 concerts per annum, on the first Wednesday of each month, of which eight will be " smoke nights," tho remaining four being open for the attendance of ladies as well. At the Royal Standard Theatre last evening a large audience was favoured with a sterling performance of the famous emotional drama " East Lynne," with Miss Lily Dampier as Lady Isabel and Madame Vine. "East Lynne" will be repo ed this evening; and to-morrow evening, being tho Shakspeariau night, " Hamlet " will be produced. At the Alliambra Mubío Hall tho minstrel shows are wiuning theil lull share of the public patronage. The artists aro clever and the entertainments highly amusing. Considerable interest is being manifested in the appear- ance of St. Vincent's Spectroscope of Pepper's Ghost at the Academy of Music. In addition to this novelty, however, Mr. Foster, the ventriloquist, is now appearing in his clever performances. On Tuesday evening a return dance to the ladies of the Randwick Assembly was given at Nithsdale, Hyde Park. Immediately on thocompany meeting a wcll- urrangod pro- gramme ot dances was entered upon. The musía was supplied by Messrs. Needs' band. For this evening Mr. Kennedy announces the last per- formance of his programme of Jacobite songs. The Sydney Scottish Rities have arranged to be present in uniform. 