TURF GOSSIP. B; Aug do. u' Englishmen who visited Dowling Forest On the first day of the Ballarat Turf Club meeting might have easily fancied themselves in the old . land. That magnificent ez pause of country which erects the eye from the grand stand, those well-kept farms with their Beautiful hedges and bounteous crops, are'all English in character, but the weather was equally so. We Australians expect to have fine sunny weather in the month of December, but instead of silk coats being amohg the garments in demand at Ballarat, j 'the visitors were compelled to encase them selves in ulsters to guard against the keen wind which blew with almost hurricane force into the grand stand. And such a grand stand, too. It disgraces the most beautiful racecourse in the whole of Australia, and I must tell the men of Ballarat that it is not at all to their credit that such a rickety, tumble down old shanty should be allowed to cumber the ground of the Ballarat Turf Club. The press-room and stewards'-rootn are in keeping with it, and I am surprised that there is not sufficient spirit amongst the sporting men of Ballarat to effect some im provement. Let me suggest to the ladies to show them an example by establishing a bazaar at some holiday time to provide a portion of the necessary funds. If a couple of energetic men were to set themselves to I work I m si sure they would not be long in ] raising the amount required, but as the sterner | sex don't seem disposed to take the initiative, I hope the ladies will. The fields that con tested the various events were not large, but | there were seme really interesting finishes. Karma, who won the Maiden Plate, is a wiry j little daughter of Argqs Scandal and Noma, but lacks the size of her half-brother Darri well. She has, however, a nice turn of speed, and Mr. J. O. India may win a better race | with her some day. Mr. Robert Orr has a| useful two-year-bid gelding in St. Clair, though the filly never gave him the ghost of a •chance. Podas Okus, who was erroneously described in the book as a chestnut, is a varmint-looking brown, and as he made most of' the running, and won the Hurdle Race easily from Cannon, he mhst be a cut above the' ordinary ran of hurdlers. He beat Cannon and Merry Monarch very easily, and the former, who is a Queensland horse, can hardly be much above mediocrity. Merry Monarch is a brother to Insolvent, and shaped fairly "well, but poor Sir Launcelot pulled up very latne, and it will give Scobte some trouble to patch him up again. Mr. Barnes quickly recovered some of Hogmanay's purchase money, by winning the Ballarat Handicap with him. He and Marque ran a splendid race together, and Mr. Loughlin had a very close thing to decide, Recall, who finished really well, being two lengths behind the pair. Wairarapa, who won the Selling Race cleverly, is a cut above the ordinary country selling plater, and I thought Mr. R. Phillips secured a very cheap horse when he purchased him for £105. Although only Echo and Deringa pnt in an appearance for the Bracelet the race was a slashing one, Echo only getting home by a neck. Mr. G. F. Fraser had bad luck with his horse Elti, who would have been a starter but for having met with an accident in the train. There was a vast difference in the weather on the second day, and towards the close it was simply delightful. The fields, too, were larger, and those who were present enjoyed a very pleasant afternoon's sport Next year I would suggest that the club should place the Ballarat Cup fourth on the list instead of second. This would allow the bookmakers more scope for speculation, and the interest would consequently be increased. Wairarapa brought more welcome grist to the mill by winning the Public Auction Stakes, for £85 of the sum Mr. Phillips paid to get him back went to the funds of the club. If ever there was a time that Recall ought to have been backed by bis friends it was in the Ballarat Cup, for the field opposed to him was, with the exception of that of last year, abont the worst that ever went to the post for such a race. Not one of them except Recall had j ever shown deoent form over a mile and a; half, and as Recall was fast catching Marque and Hogmanay on the previous day, it looked a certainty that he would beat two such un doubted non-stayers as these. Princess Alice would have been more at borne over a mile, and no danger need have been apprehended j from her, but Crown Brand was a useful j animal, and as he bad the services of Mick O'Brien, while Crackneil was up on Iroquois, both were thought to be better than Recall; but in such a field the latter's friends would have been far more justified in putting down their money than they were in the previous | week at Sandhurst, where he met a far superior field, Tbey had, however, lost so much on him that they were disgusted, and confined their investments to a tew pounds. He won cleverly, but if Grown Brand had not run so unkindly he would have made a much closer thing of it. He hung so much that more than once he nearly posted O'Brien, who had all hiB work to do to keep him on Iroquois. Princess Alice displayed a turn of speed for abont a mile, but then began to die away, and finished absolutely last Of course everybody was delighted to see Mr. Robert Orr have a win, but the joy was tinged with regret because he had not re covered more of the money he had lost on the horse at Caulfield, Melbourne, and Sand hurst The finish for the Polo Pony Race did hot give general satisfaction, those who had laid the favourite being under the impression that Mr. Osborne's other nomi nation could have won, and there, was a demonstration when the ponies cams into the enclosure. The upshot of this was a matoh on the same terms.-but the second trial only corroborated the drat, for though Game Girl got a lot the best ot the start, the grey soon made np hiB ground, and won easily. The winner is one of the smartest ponies I have ever Been. He is in Scobie's stable, and as ' oar Jim " scored a couple of victories with Sh Louis, his etable waa successful in five, of the seven events that were decided during the after noon. St Louis in such company as he had to meet was quite a crack. Daring the inany years that Euchre' has been on the turf I never saw him" looking more bloom ing than he did on Saturday, and he fairly astonished the Mends of Blackthorn by the style in which he Beltled the pretensions of the son of Alarm. Mr. -Alec Taylor and the old horse received quite an ovation when Morgan weighed in. It is almost superfluous to add that Mr. A. M. Green field aud his stewards worked bard to make the meeting a success. Mr. Loughlin wa4 all at home in the judge's box, where Colonel Sleep occupied his old position- of timekeeper. I wish the latter would confine himself to quarters instead of 'tenths of seconds. Mr. Fish wick was courteous and prompt at the scales, and Mr. Thomas Wilson, jun., quite a' chip ot the old block as clerk of the course. Mr. Tom Watson wielded the starter's flag, and was never more successful, the only start which was anything like an uneven one being that tor the match between the ponies. As is his custom when there is any racing at Baliarat, Mr. Thomas Wilson had open house, and he and Tom Corrigan entertained a large number of friends, while several Of the leading residents also extended theit hos pitality to the visitors. By the by, some astonishment was expressed at Mr. E. T. Barnard, the handicapper, not being present, but I believe bis absence was owing to in disposition. It is a noteworthy fact, too, that Sir William Clarke, who is the largest landed proprietor in the district never even gave the club an entry. If Sir William Clarke, arid Messrs. Loughlin, Bailey, Orr, Russell, Wil son, Chirnside, Leonard, and others, who are interested in the Baliarat district, were just to make an effort, next year's meeting might be made worthy of the most beautiful ot all Australian inland cities. • - While on the spot I had a look through I Mr. Thomas Wilson's boxes, and was never more favourably impressed with Coronet, who has thickened out into a magnificent horse. In' make and shape be is more like his sire than any of St Albans* de scendants, and remembering what a brilliant horse he was, and How well he could stay —for had he not met with an "accident," he would have won the Australian Cup with ease—I don't think any breeder could make a mistake in selecting him to put his mares to. I should like to see him in one of our best studs. I was rather surprised to hear that at a recent show he was not even placed in the class for thoroughbred stock, though previously at another be beat all comers. Since Darebin left us I don't think I have seen 6nch a horse, except perhaps Chester, who has the same great power and substance. His companion aire, Odd Trick, is neater, and should be a useful sire. Canter ing about on the hills above were some 40 or 50 mares with foals at foot by Coronet or Odd Trick, and very fine foals they seemed to be. j They ought to do well on such splendid country. The veteran Game has been again j taken np and looked healthy and well, but he 1 is well into bis teens just now, andean hardly have retained his pace. Kangaroo seems to j thrive at Baliarat, but Dragon is a much j more delicate customer. Kildare, who has , cost his owner a lot of money, bnt has never yet rewarded him frith a victory, haB not changed much. Oakleigh had gone a little lighter, but Bravo was apparently in excellent form, and 1 liked very much a two-year-old gelding by Chesterfield from Listener. On each day of the meeting Scobie had Silver ton in the paddock, and he ran in the Baliarat Handicap, but he was very backward, the big curb that he sprang some time ago having prevented him giving the colt a strong preparation. Andy Fergnsou intends to make Mel bourne his home, and has placed his snug little cottage and training stables in the market. Anybody in search of comfortable quarters, with one of the best racecourses in the world at bis door, could not do better than take up his abode in Dowling Forest. The general entries for the A.J.C. Summer Meeting are very good. There are j 53 in the Flying Stakes, and this number j includes several of the Bpeediest among the handicap horses ot our neighbours. There j are 16 left in tbe December Stakes, but I j doubt if many of these will be pulled out to : try conclusions with Consequence and Lady Betty, even though these fillies have I incurred penalties. There are only 13 in the I Hurdle Race, but 27 are nominated for theI Selling Plate. For the Summer Cup 31 bave cried content, and amongst them is Ben Bolt, ' who will probably be sent over. I don't see j anything better than Silvermiue, Crossfire, I and Enigma in this race. For the Nursery Handicap 33 juveniles have been nominated, and there are 40 engaged in the last race of the day, Sydney Tattersall's entries are also very satisfactory, and our friends are likely to have some rare sport during the Christmas and New Year holidays. There are 16 in the Hurdle Race, and one or them is Ellerslie. The Flying Handicap has 51 engaged, and in the Selling Race there are 27. No less than 50 remain in the Carrington Stakes, and 30 in the Lady Carrington prize, the latter being for two-year-olds, while the Ladies' Bracelet has 38 nominations. Then for the second dajr the New Year's Gift has filled with no less than 59 entries, and 41 remain in Tattersall's Cup. The Steeple chase, however, has but seven engaged, and there aTe only 12 in the two-year-old Selling Race, but tbe Club Handicap has 50 entries. The Baliarat Miners' Turf Club entries must be attended to on Mpnday. as they close with the secretary, Mr. J. A. Blight, at Brophy's Hotel, Baliarat, at 8 p.m. The programme includes a Christmas Handicap of 50 soys., Steeplechase of 50 sovs., Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., Selling Hurdle Race of 25 sovs., Selling Flat Race of 20 sovs., Trial Stakes of 20 sovs., and Handicap Trot of 15 { sovs. ■ On Monday next, at 4 p.m.. the entries for i the Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting1 close, and as the programme is a teal good one there ought to be a liberal response from' owners of horses. The Juvenile Stakes of 300 sovs. has already closed with 6L£.sub scribers, but there are five other events. A Selling Race of 100 sovs; is first upon the list, and this being a race of five furlongs and a half, there is likely to be a pretty good entry. A Hurdle Race of 150 sovs.,- two miles,- frill suit the requirements of those who poasesB jumpers. The Summer Cup of 850 sovs. is a handicap of one mile and a ^darter and a distance, and all classes of horses- still doubt less be nominated for this. A Steeplechase of 200 sovs., and the Malvern Handicap of 100 sovs. complete an excellent bill of tare, Entries for the Terang Cup, Hurdle Race, and Steeplechase close- with -the secretary. Mr. John Hoggart, this (Saturday) evening at8 p.m. - ^ " The Evelyn Ttlrf Club entries' dose witti thehon. s6cre£aiy,- Mr. J. Irvine, 'at Tarr* flajfe, at 8 o'clock ttrfa (Saturday Evening. While on thesuljject'pferi tries, Imnstnof forget the Wrncbelaea RariBg! Qlub erents, Which clbse with the hon. secretary, Mr. Vietoi Elkingtdn, at 4 p.m. on Monday next To suit the convenience ot metropolitan owners, Mr. Miles will also receive entries at the V.R.C. office. ' The entries• for the Wfn chelsea amateur races close on the 19th De cember. Mr. Elkington is a mbst enthu siastic worker in the matter of "sport, and, thanks to his enterprise, bis district ialikety to be favonred with some rare good sport durifig Christmas Week. ' The Dnke of Westminster has a brother to Ormonde who promises to do gobd service for his noble owner.' He made his dibut at the Newmarket Honghton meeting, and though backward in condition, won the Criterion 8takes with ridiculous ease. He is described as a rather shelly chestnut colt, taking more after hid sirfe than bis distinguished brother, and is hardly. likely to be the phenomenon that the latter wps, as he was easily beaten in a trial by the crack two year old of the season, FriarVBalsam, asoh <of Hermit, who has an unbeaten record, haying won the New Stakes at Ascot, Hurstbourne Stakes at Stopkbridge, July Stakes at Newmarket, Richmond Stakes at- Goodwood, Molecomb Stakes at Good wood, the Middle-park Plate and Dewhurst Plate at Newmarket, the value of these stakes amounting in the aggregate of £8,666, a nice little sum for a two year old to win in one seasbn. Friar's Balsam is a stoutly-bred horse on the dam's side, for Flower of Dorset is by Blair Athol'S brother, Breadalbane, from Imperatrice, by Orlando from Eulogy, by Euclid from Martha Lynn, the dam of Volti geur. At a sale of a draft of the Duchess of Montrose's horses in October, Captain Machell gave 4,000 guineas for Timothy, by Hermit from Lady Masham. Devil to Pay, who as a two year old realised 4,100 guineas, was sold to Tom Cannon for 125 guineas r and Oberon, by Galopin from Wheel of For tune, to Mr. Wardour for 1,700 guineas. Gloriation, who won tbe English Cam bridgeshire, Btarted at the nice price of 40 to L The winner descends from that grand old mare Caller On, who won the St. Leger and many Queen's Plates. Gloria tion, on the sire's side, comes direct in the male line from Voltigeur, for bis sire Speculum is by Vedette, the best horse of his year, and his dam Gloria is by Rosicrncian from Pandore, by Newmioster from Caller On, by Stockwell from Haricot, by Mango or Lanercost from Queen Mary, the dam of Blink Bonny. Old Bendigo covered himself with glory by carrying 9st "131b., and being beaten only half a length by the winner. His owner, Mr. Barclay, an nounced that this would be hie last race, and subsequently he pui^based a Hermit mare to pat to him. James King's stable at Caulfield has been strengthened by the addition of St. John, Jocular, and Guildford. As Mr. J. Cohen's horses have been placed under the care of P. Parslow, T. Coffey has no.w little or nothing to do battle with. He has ex perienced a long run of ill-luck, but he will come again some day, or I'm much mis taken. The Indian Planters' Gazette Btates that it is almost a certainty that the Jodbpore Princes intend giving np the turf, for Maha rajah Pertaub Singh, who is an honorary lieutenant-colonel in the British army, has determined on a thorough reform of Jodh pore troops, and is going in steadily for drillB and parades. He has hadt castrated nearly 100 valuable horses, including Arabs and the stock of Kingcraft, Cock-a-hoop, and other' sires. This is to render them useful for. cavalry purposes. At last the Calcutta Turf Club has revised the rules of Indian racing. The authority of the club has been extended to all places in India not ruled by any other tnrf club, and in order not to wound the susceptibilities of others, it has been suggested that the lead ing racing institution should be named the Indian Turf Club. The rules are based upon those of the English Jockey Club at present in force. The rule relating to nominations being void on the death of the nominator runs thus:—"All entries (except entries made under another person's subscription, as pro vided for in Rule 45) become void on the death of the subscriber, or of the per son who made the entry, unless eome person shall undertake in writing to be responsible for them, and for tbe liabilities of all the horses of the deceased subscriber or other person in connection with all races for which such horses are entered." At the Sonepore meeting, in November, an English horse named Victor won the fiehat Cup of 500 rupees, beating the Australian Rescue and three others ; and an English horse named Padlock won the Hutwa Cup, the mile and a quarter being run in 2min, 29sec. Most people who have visited Tasmania have journeyed to the delightful little village of New Norfolk, and all who go in future ehould not miss it The salmon ponds form one of the loveliest spots on earth, and the trip up tbe Derwent is one of the pleasantest; but they don't shine at racing there. After a lapse of some 30 years the Bport was revived last week, and there was a pretty fair- attend ance, bat the arrangements do not appear to have been first-class. No doubt they will be improved by the next time the meeting is held, for I notice the names of several en thusiastic sportsmen on the list of officials. Mr. W. Miller's Marigold, by Horatio, won the Hurdle Race, after which Mr. R. Portliouse's Deceiver won the Trot. Then a quartette assembled at the post for the New Nortolk Cup, and Mr. C. S. Agnew's Quicklight proved victorious. Mr. F. C. Pitt's Sir Wilfrid won the Derwent District Race and Kensington-park Stakes, and Mr. R. O'Connor's Mikado the -Railway Stakes. Quicklight, who won the Cup, is by Torchlight from Denmark's dam. Most agreeably astonished was I to learn that 41 two-year-olds had been nominated for the Tasmaai&n; Racing Ciub Derby of 1888\. There is evidently life in the old isle yet. Such a result , most prove highly satis factory to Mr. Westwood and the sportsmen associated with him. That sterling old sports man, Mr. John Field, is the largest contri butor with fiveL ail by Lapidist, from ; some of the choicest of the Calstock mares. With these youngsters Mr. Field has adopted a wise system, lor he has allowed them the free run of his paddocks up to now, when they are two years old. They have been - well sheltered aud judiciously fed, and I ex pect to see one of them, perhaps Tasman's half-brother—turn out the Dest that Lapidist has yet given to us. Mr. C. S. Agnew#iihe leader of the younger generation .ro Taa maniaa sportsmen, has four in hia name, and they fete by the Melbourne Cup 'winner, The Assyrian, from well-bred .mares. It revives memories of old fimea to see tbe names' of the Lords' and the. Pages amongst the nominators. I'm glad to see the name of the. Hop- Alfred Pag® bhee ' more in the list No dum experienced worse luck than he did as abreCder or racing man, . bu t he still sticks to it,*and Mr.*JohnC;IjOrd ~ has some of the old blood in the twojthat he has engaged. Both are by The Assyrian, and one is from Volley and the other from a sister to Vanish, who is by Horatio from Modesty, by Peter Wilkins from Ladybird, by Boiardo from Mirror, from whom the New Zealand crack Nelson descends. Volley is by Velocity from Modesty. The sires represented are The Assyrian, Euclid, Townley, Albert. L&pidist;, Manuka. King Arthur, and Torchlight. The T.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes has filled with 45 entries; and tor the Midland Jockey Club Sires' Produce Stakes of 1889, 48 yearlings have been nominated. Mr. Sydney Page, who is the honorary secretary of the Mid land Jockey Club, must have felt delighted at such a result All this is very pleasant, because it proves that the young as well as the old sportsmen of the little island are fully alive to the importance of the breeding of good thoroughbred Btock. The prospects have not been so bright for many a year, and, if the breeders will only judiciously feed their young stock, and shelter them during the winter months, they will provide the continent of Australia with many more borses of the character of Shadow, Strop, Nimbletoot, The Quack, Malua, Sheet Anchor, Kingwood, Blink Bonny, Denmark, and many others too numerous to men tion. When Oceana was sold as a yearling I thought her one ot the most promising fillies 1 had ever seen, but though she ran respect tably as a two year old at the V.R.C. spring meeting, she failed miserably as a three in the following spring. Mr. D. Cooper then sold her, and I'm glad to see that she has regained some of her form, for at the Hawkes bury meeting last Saturday she won the December Handicap, and as Bhe ran the six furlongs under Imin. 16se&, the filly cannot have lost her pace. It was pleasant news, indeed, to hear that Mr. William Forrester had won the principal race of the day, the Summer Handicap, with Resolve, a son of Albury and Floriue. Mr. Forrester has had a long run of ill-luck, and I hope that this may be only the forerunner of a seri-s of suc cesses. Resolve's sire, Albury, is halt-brotber to The Australian Peer, for he is by Yutten don from Stockdove, aud so well-bred a horse should prove a stud success. Mr. Oxen ham gained another victory with one of his New Zealand purchases, Teddy Yuille having won the Selling Plate after a dead beat with Paladin, the run off being won by a short head. That 6mart filly Lady Lovell met with a serious accident in the December Handicap, her hip having been dislocated through a collision with something else. The Welcome Stakes, run at the Auckland meeting, attracted 11 two year olds to the post, and the winner turned up in Pearl Shell, a filly by Musket from Pearl Ash, who won easily by four lengths, in lmin. 4sec. Pearl Ash was one of the mares that the late Mr. A. K. Finlay sold to Major George, the other two being My Idea, the dam of Nelson, and Realisation, the dam of Maxim, eo that in parting with these three matrons, Mr. Finlay disposed of mares which were about the very best in his stud. Pearl Shell was trained by James Kean, who formerly had charge of Mr. Edward Lee's horses inSydney, and Sir Hercules Robinson's horses in New Zealand. Last week I pointed out that the Winchel sea Racing Club had not published the value of the silver trophy presented by Mr. J. R. Hopkins to the Winchelsea Cup._ This week I have had an opportunity of inspect ing it, and I can safely say that a handsomer trophy has never been presented to a race in Australia. The fact that Mr. Fischer, of Geelong, was entrusted with the desisningof it is sufficient to satisfy all that it would be carried out well, and so it has. It is a claret jug, value 25 sova., of very pretty shape, ex quisitely chased, with the Earl of Wiuchtlsea'a coat of arms forming a portion of the handle, and the body of the jug surrounded by beautifully ornamented wreaths, en circling whips and horseshoes. Whoever happens to win this claret-jug will obtain a trophy which will not only be au exceedingly ornamental addition to bis sideboard, bnt a very useful accessory to his dinner-table. The club has determined to reduce the en trance fee to half a sovereign. The general entries for the V.R.C. summer meeting are not numerous, but no doubt this is accounted for by so many owners holding off for the autumn. 'There are 17 in the Hurdle Race, and 10 in the Steeplechase, but Bine Mountain's name does not appear iu either, though in the latter are Mernder, Kangaroo, Royal Oak. Dragon, Yankee Grab, and Matmicn, all pretty good performers. I miss the names of Ruby, Blackthorn, Euchre, and Lizette. For the Criterion Stakes 14 have been nominated, but not one of these has yet proved anything like first-class. Elsternwick-park entries closed on Mon day, and on the whole are satisfactory. In the Time Handicap Trot there are 32 horses nominated, but Leithamstead is not one of the number. The Trial Handicap has 17 engaged, and in the Hurdle Race there are 19, while the December Handicap has the very respectable entry of 28. The Steeplechase has but nine, but there are 14 in the Selling Race, and 24 in the Elsternwick-park Han dicap Mr. T. S. Clihborn has been instrncted by Mr. C. T. Roberts, of Mamre, South Creek, to dispose of the whole of his stud of brood mares, foals, yearlings, Ac., on Wednesday, the 28th December. During the time Mr. Roberts has been breeding thoroughbreds, be bas got together a nice little stud of brood mares, including the dam of that good colt Garfield, as well as the dam of Lord Exeter, and several very fine Kelpie mares. The sale will take place in Sydney, and breeders in search of a few good mares should not fail to be present. A meeting of the members of the Avoca Shire Turf Club was held on the let inst., when it was resolved to hold the annual races on Thursday, January 26, As the club is now clear of all debt it was determined that there should be a slight increase in the stakes, and. "the Turf Club Handicap will have £30 and the Hurdle Race £23 added.' Five other events will be included in the pro gramme, and if the dub receives anything like encouragement from owners of hones it will probably offer prizes of equal value to those given when the club was in a more flourishing condition. The total number of foals dropped at the New Zealand Stud Company's paddocks was 33—16 colts and 17 fillies. Of these six colts and I wo fillies are by Nordenfeldt, two colts and eight fillies by Capcivator, seven colts and three fillies by St. Leger, one colt and twofiHies by Leolinns, and two fillies by King Cole. ; ~ ■' J la In Hie field with its pro nff idr Kafchrdav. January 7. It reflects "itnpon theframers, for itis upon a ale,. And deserves patronage in a ^TherearefiVeeventa, __ Sm Bacchus Marsh iyfaf nne mile and _ iSPI honorary secretaries,, and they will receive entries on the 19th December., Ballarat is famous for the beauty of its scenery, and there is nothing in the district more picturesque than the Lai Lai falls, where on New Year's Day some thousands of peoDle assemble to. witness the races held nnder the auspices of the Lai Lai Falls Turf Club. -Monday, January 2, is the day chosen for this season's tryst. The programme will be found in the advertising columns this week, and consists of six events, viz., Trial Stakes of 15 sovs., Hurdle Race of '30 sovs., Selling Flat Race of 20 sovs., Lai Lai Falls Turf Club Handicap of 40 sovs., Steeplechase of 40 sovs., and Selling Hack Race of 10 sovs. Mr. F. A. Blight, who seems to be a most energetic secretary, will receive entries at Hager's Hotel, up to 3 p.m. on Mohday, December 19. Morok, who has been purchased from the ] Hon. James White by a Victorian, has gone into Joe Morrison's stable. Mr. Fred Woodhouse, jun., has just com pleted three excellent portraita of the Mel bourne Cup winner Dunlop. Tbey are for | Mr. R. Donovan, part owner; J. Nicholson, the trainer; and T. Sanders, the jockey, as well as part owner of the horse. Dunlop's . doughty opponent, Silvermine, is seen in the distance, and tiie background is an illustra tion of the V.R.C. course on Cup day. J. Williamson's cottage and stabling at | Flemington have been purchased by Mr. S. Nathan for £2,500. Tom Hales and W. Yeomans, the well known jockeys, have dissolved partnership as station-holders. Some years ago they bought a sheep-station between them, but the seasons were not favourable until lately, and Hales suggesting that he would give or take £10,000 for his share, Yeomans elected to give that sum and become the sole pro prietor. I am sorry to hear that on the day atter the sale there was a disastrous fire on the run. "l'endragon" evidently thinks that Beiuiigo oug'it to have won the Cambridge shire. He says:—"1 hold that had the race been run on what I call sensible lines, Bendigo would have won Bendigo was decidedly the beat of the four, but his spurt had been left too late, and he fell a sacrifice to the far-famed waiting policy which is bo clever when it comes off, fre quently is called clever when it does not, and generally loses more races than it wins." The Australian friends of Mr. Sampson (" Pendragon) will regret to hear that he met with a very severe accident through his horse bolting with him, and when tne last mail left he was confined to his room with a sprained wrist and numerous cuts and con tusions about the face and body. Mr. H. Oxenham has sold Teddy Yuille to Mr. S. R. Kennedy for 100 guineas. At a meeting of the committee of the Vic- toria Racing Club on Tuesday, the recommen- dation of the Cope Cope Racing Club that the disqualification of F. Webb be removed was acceded to. The suspension of G. Blair for two months by the Moonee Valley stewards was endorsed. All who have horses engaged in the Standish Plate and Bagot Handicap are re minded that unless they declare forfeit by j 4 p.m. on Monday next, December 12, they j will be liable for the remainder of the sweep stakes, eight sovereigns for the Bagot Han dicap, and four sovereigns for the Standish Handicap. Last month Mr. Baldock left for Calcutta | in the steamship Nowshera, with no less than 405 horses. He arrived at his destina- [ tiou on Monday, with a loss of 15 horses, not j a high percentage considering the very large number that he shipped. On Tuesday and Wednesday next, at Kirk's ] Bazaar, Messrs. Campbell and Sons will dis pose of a number of horses suitable for the j Indian market and other useful purposes. Tire Mordialloc Racing Club programme for the 24th December appears this .week. There are six events, Mr. Bradshaw having determined to mix it, two of the events being for ponies. The first item is a Hurdle Race of 30eova, and next to it a Selling Race of 30 sovs. Then a Ladies' Bracelet of 25 sovs., (cash or trophy), in which the competitors will be ridden by amateurs, those who have never won a race being allowed 7tb. The LyndhurstStakes of 25 sovs. is a handicap for ponies, four furlongs over the straight course, and next to it comes the Mordialloc Handicap of 40 sovs., one mile. The wind up is th» Dandenong Stakes of 20 sovs., for ponies 14 bands and under. Entries close at 100 Bourke-street, on Monday, the 19th iust Mr. Cox will provide an afternoon's sport at Moonee Valley to-day, and should the weather prove line this popular resort will be well worth a visit. For the Maiden Plate I have a fancy for Impetus, Ilex, and Loyalist to fill the places. In the Hurdle Race 1 notice the name of Mender, but as the bigger jumps are more in his way, perhaps Marron, Land seer, and Leroy will tight it out In theilar vest Handicap I like nothing better than Man-! wyrtina, Sunshade, and Newmarket.; and for the Steeplechase Tandstickor, Beadsman, and Roulette. . Warfield or Fancy Free ought to win the Selling Race; and Gasburner, Bonnie Chester, and Rouge-et-Koir appear best in the Haymakers' Handicap. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. report having sold, on behalf of Mb M. Loughliu, the racehorse Britisher, to go to New Soutb Wales. Mr. Robert Howie was in great form at the ] Murtoa meeting with bis St Albans filly, who won the Flying Stakes, Stewards' Plate, and Marma Handicap. He also carried off'! the Steeplechase with Blairgowrie. Vagrant mast be a pretty fair horse, for hp won the Murtoa Clip and Publicans' Purse easily. Entries for the Dayieaford Handicap, ! Hurdle Race, Trot, and Town Plate close with the secretary, Mr. Robert Hill, before 9 p.m. on Tnesd&y; next, December 13. Among the late advertisements will be! found the programme to be run through at Hurlingham-park on Saturday, December 24. ] Mr. Cullen has squeezed iu seven items, four j for horses, and three for ponies. ' The open ing event is a weight-for-nge race of 30 'sovs. for ponies 14 bands and under. Second comes a Hurdle Race of 25 sovs., for horses, and third a Pony Handicap of 30 sovs., fur ponies of 13 hands or under. The Christmas Handi cap of 40 boys, is for horses, and the distance is about a mile. This is followed by a Selling Race of 40 sovs. for horses, and then comes another handicap of 30 sovs. for ponies 14 bands and under, the whole to conclude with the Grand Stand Plate of 20 sovs. for horses. Entries close on Monday, December 19\. It is to, be regretted that Hurlingham park and .Mordialloc cl&sb;, but inthe&e-dtiys; when there,is. #o much racing there ia sure tobe a little .inconvenience. - Thestakes won at the Ballarat Turi Club meeting have been paid over as followsMr. 11 Orr, $140; Mr. A. Taylor, £100; Mr. J. Jamiesoit,:<£0O; Mr, James Scobie, £90; Mr. James Barnes, £35; Mr. R. Phillips, £60; ■ Mr. J. Ferguson, jun., £60; Mr. J, 0. lugljs,, £40; Mr. G. Glasscock, £20 ;Mr. W. Qs bourne, £29; Mr. D. Robinson, £20; Mr.J., Broatcb, £25; Mr. W. J. Austin, £15 ; Mr. IV! Gorrigsu, £10.; Mr. J. Wilsop, i'j.0; total, j £785. : , Ii is proposed in England to impose a fine pf £10 noon all owners of horses who own-1 plain of being badly treated in a handicap. How would owners iare in Australia if such a rule were enforced ? I don't know an owner or trainer who has not, at some time or other, complained to me bitterly of the manner in which hifr'horses have been treated. Well, why shouldn't they f It is a Briton's privilege to grumble, and if such a rule were enforced here, it would, I think, be an infringement upon the liberty of the subject. At the new racecourse at Glasgow, the Dake of Hamilton and other sportsmen have determined to carry on racing without allow ing betting. One nnlucky layer who in fringed the rule was prosecuted, and sen tenced to three months' imprisonment " Rough on rats " this. It will be interesting to watch how the new departure progresses. Racing without betting of some kind—even if only through the totalisator—would be a comparatively.tame affair. His Grace, who has so suddenly awakened to the iniquities of the ring, was once a great plunger him self, and having gone through the mill he doubtless is quite up to most of the tricks of the ring, though how the new course is to prosper witbont the aid of the members of the magic circle is a problem which I cannot solve. Time, no doubt, will unravel it, and probably his grace will nave to cave in. Samuel Sherley, an English jockey, arrived from England in the ship Superb, which ib still in charge of one of the best of fellows, Captain Carr. Sherley comes to Australia more for health's sake than to follow his occupation, though it is quite possible he may finally determine to settle in Australia. He was for some .years in Richard Marsh's stable, in England, and during the time, after riding the Two Thousand Guineas winner Paradox in a gallop, the horse savaged Sher ley when he dismounted, and nearly killed him. Previous to this he met with a severe fall while riding in a steeplechase, one of his ribs being broken and driven into his lung. Since Paradox injured him so severely his health has not been of the best, and he was advised to make a trip to Australia. He has ridden for the Duke of Hamilton and Baron Rothschild, brings excellent credentials with him, and should be make up his mind to settle in Australia I daresay he will make his way in this part of the British Empire. He can ride about 8st 81b., and after he has had a look round I believe be will be prepared to accept a mount or two just to keep his band ia Mr. J. Keetes's venture in sending number of Australian hunters to England is a plucky one, and deserves to be rewarded with success. Not having seen the horses, I cannot express any opinion about them, but 1 believe they were a carefully-selected lot, and should they turn out well, another market may be opened to our surplus stock. Mr. Cullen had a great assemblage at Hurlingham-park on Thursday. Now that the proprietor has effected the necessary improvements, this place of resort is worth a visit Impulse and Invermay, who have for some time been trained at Wagga Wagga, will, I believe, in future be trained by F. M'Namara. This young trainer has now several horses iu bis stables, and as be is one who pays strict attention to his business, he is sure to lead in a winner or two before long. Mr. W. Virgoe is a passenger by the in coming mail steamer. On Thursday and Friday next Messrs. Chenery Brothers will sell, at their Albury yards, 250 well-bred homes. Scratch ings. — Standish Handicap — Ben Bolt, Aglaos, Quintiu Matsep, Wall Eye, Enfilade. Bagot Handicap—Ben Bo Enfilade, Marque. 