Johnny Hi-Hi and Fanny Foo-Foo. Fann' Foo-Foo was a Japanese girl, A child of tihe great Tycoon ; She wore herhead bald, and herclothes were made Half petticoat, half pantaloon; Her face was the color of lemon peel, And the shape of a table spoon. A handsome young chap was Johnny Hi-Hi, And he wore paper- muslin clothes; His glossy black hair on the top of his head In the shape of a shoe-brush rose; His eyes slanted downwards, as if some chap Had savagely pulled his nose. Fanny Foo-PFooloved Johnny Hi-Hi, And when in the usual style He popped, shoe blushed s1o a deep orange tiooge You'd have thought she'd too much bile, If it hadn't been for her slant-eyed glance And her charming wide- mouthed smile. And oft in the bliss of their new-born love, Did these little Pagans stray All around in spots, enjoying themselves In a strictly Japanese way ; She howling: a song to a one-string lute, On whichl shle thought she could play. Often he'd climb to a high ladder's top. And quietly there repose, As lie stood on his herd aod fanned hlimself, While she balanced him on her nose, Or else shle would get in a pickle tub, And be kicked around on hlis toes. The course of true love, even in Japan, Often runs extremoely rough, And the fierce Tycoon, when he heard of this, Used Japanese oaths so toughl That his courtiers' hair would have stood on end, If they'd only ha:d enough. So the Tycoon huckled on both his swords, In lis pistol placed a wad, And wrent out to lunt fort the trano pair, With his nerves braced by a tod. Ite found tohem enjoying their gmuleless solves On the top of a lightning-rod. Sternlly he orldered the gentle Foo-Foo To "come down out of that there " And he told Hi-Hi to go to a place I won't say precisely ohere, Then he dragged off his child, whose spasms Evinced unusually wild despair. But the Tycoon, alas ! was badly fooled, ])espite his psaterooal pains, For Jeohn, with a toothpicl, let all the blood Out of his jugular veins; While witoh a back somerset on the floor, Foo-Foo battered out her brains. They buried them both in the Tycoon's lot, Right under a logwood tree, Where they couold list to the nightingale and The buzz of the bumble-bee; And where the mosquito's sorrowful chant So maddens the restless flea. And often at night, wheno the Tycoon's wife, Sluonbered as soound as a post, His aloonod-shaoced eyeballs looked on a sight That scared himn to death oahnost; :Twas a bald-headed spectre flittingabout With a paper-muslin ghost. 