John Tolcott's Superstition NOT A LOVE STORY. [From, the S. F. Bulletin.] SHE rose, standing very straightly, with an involuntary stiffness of shoulders and chin. "And this is your final decision, Mr. Lake ?" she said, in a voice of quiet apathy. Its calm despair told of battle past—of weapons tried and found unavailing. " I regret to be compelled to sav it is, Mrs. Tolcott; but justice compels me to adhere to the course I have taken. Unless I should receive indisputable proof of your husband's innocence, u 1 ieh I consider as a foregone conclusion to Ve, to say the' least, most improbable, I cannot consider that leniency on my part towards bis flagrant breach of tiust would be warrantable. I could have forgiven almost any wrong easier than the one committed. I deeply regret, madam, the necessity that forces me to wound yau with these plainly spoken truths, but it is better that you should understand my reasons and also my answer to the request that you have several times made to me is—irrevocable." The woman before him Btood like a figure Of stone. He was afraid she was going to have an outburst of anger, or hysterics, and wished nervously she would go. The annoyance that her several visits to his office had given him, .had increased almost into a personal dislike for her. Her husband had acted sensibly at his dismissal and had made but one appeal. Why did she persist in thrusting herself forward in his behalf at all ? He felt sure that her husband had done him a cruel wrong. A woman's place was at home, anyway, and not in a man's business office. Robert Lake was apt to be too sure of things^ His positive opinions often meddled with justice and threw themselves heavily Into the scale, that they considered ought to succeed, in outweighing the other side. To-night he was conscious of an irritating conviction that there might be something to be said for that other side, but the feeling was not strong enough to demand more than an unwilling recognition; not strong enough to awake the native nobleness of his character to that unfailing test to .that of its own worth—acknowledgment of having been in the wrong. Mrs. Tolcott said some common-place sentence of adieu after that last terrible, word, "irrevocable," that seemed beating itself on her brain with a regular pendulum-like repetition of movement. She'felt a wild d'esire to tell this man that she would never accept his decision; but a realising sense of how impotent he would consider the reasons that backed this assertion restrained its utterance. To almost any other, perhaps, of the thousands of clerks, employed in the city, such a dismissal would mean little more than a temporary set-back; but with John Tolcott, only his wife realized the force of the blow it dealt him. Naturally of a morbidly oversensative nature, a life from childhood of disappointment and trouble had increased these unfortunate tendencies, nntil he grew to hate and distrust the world, so hard and cruel it seemed to him. When he met his wife, the pent-up love of his being centered in her; but, conflicting with his desire to make her his wife was the superstitious conviction that he had been born under an unlucky star, and a morbid fear to see her suffer through his misfortune meant only a finer torture, a more intense form of cruelty that the fates held in store for him. The lory of his love had banished these § oubts and the tranquil happiness of a year's married life had almost reassured him when this first blow iell. An _ act of trechery against the Government, some years before, had been unearthed and the papers teemed with the names of the supposed instigators. The name of a great man, some time dead, had been conspicious among them; but any proof that could nail the smirch to his memory had been wanting. Robert Lake was kne wn to have been his most intimate friend and, consequently, had been interviewed several times, but with baffling results. He had told his confidental clerk, John Tolcott, of the existence of some correspondence in his possession, which, in addition to the present suspicion against his deceased friend, would be almost a fatal blot to the memory of his good name. He had warned him to be careful in not leaving the safe, in which the papers were kept, open, saying, that for certain reasons, he was not yet at liberty to destroy them. A week after this conversation, he awoke one morning to read in print, under the sensational headings of a daily newspaper, the letters of his dead friend to himself; garnished and embellished with all the devices for exciting public interest peculiar to sensational journalism. No one beside himself and John Tolcott possessed the knowledge of the combination on the safe lock. No one else was allowed to enter the vault. More than all, no one else knew even of the existence of the papers, and he had called this man Tolcott's attention to their importance. He found his office empty, save for the porter who was making fires and who shrank back before the rigid face that Mr. Lake presented, as he entered, and making his way_ straight to one of the vaults, began turning the handle with a practiced hand. The inner mechanism responded to his manipul ition and the door swung open with a dull clang. The bundle of papers was gone. Another man than John Tolcott would have given anger for anger, would have protested his innocence again and again, would have fought long and hard rather than submit to such an accusation ; but his dignified denial only intensified the other's rage against him. Had he confessed his guilt, Robert Lake thought he could have shot him without conpunction, for be considered he well deserved it for his treachery. His denial be regarded the natural action of a coward to escape blame. To his wife, John Tolcott said : " it has begun. I thought this peaceful happiness was too good a thing to last, with such an unlucky creature as I am. Troubles never come singly ; they will pile up now to only God knows what a height. But this time, my poor girl, they will fall upon you as well as me. Why did .you ever marry me? I; wish I was dead. Nine months passed and Robert Lake heard no more of the Tolcotts, though, sometimes, when he thought of the expression of hopeless despair on the wife's face, as he had last beheld it, an inward conpunction caused him to wince a little. But life was full of sorrow, he reflected, and his thoughts turned to his own. The look of worry and unrest his face had worn for years, had increased' of late and no amount of work or play, the ohly two known remedies for this state of mind, could banish it. " And no wonder," people said: " he has his sorrow at home." Five.years before, Robert Lake, then a wonderful successfully business man, had married a beautiful girl. With-her at his side, his future seemed to stretch out before him, a pleasant path of joy and.calm,, when suddenly, out of a clear sky fell the lightning. During the first year of her marriage the beautiful Ad£le Lake was thrown from her carriage and received injuries from which her brain had never recovered. Husband and friends sought to evade the terrible truth, but time at last forced its acceptance upon them. With so much to make life worth living, and blessed with glowing physical health her mind must remain diseased, its balance destroyed and the womanly self-poise that had marked her character, replaced by the wilful vagaries of a petulant child. The best medical opinions pronounced recovery to be hopeless. Her husband carried out his own will in the matter, neither inviting advice nor discussion on the subject, nor thanking anyone who volunteered either. All the suggestions as to his wife's removal to an asylum were met with curt refusal. He had her carefully watched and guarded at home and kept her for himself. The more irremediable became her mental state, the more the tendrils of his heart wound about her, the more he vearned to shelter and care for her ; and Death, whom some would regard as a deliverer, he dreaded more than all. Austere or coldly presice to the world, as the door of his home swung to behind him, he opened the floodgate of his nature and let the pent-up waters of imagination and sentiment wash away the- dust and grime that worldly contact had thrown about his spirit. Of late his wife had been somewhat better and the terrible fits of rage which had been common whenever her will was crossed, had been less frequent. She had shown an increasing fondness, so the nurse told him, for fancy needlework, particularly a certain kind of lace-work which was made upon a pillow. This pillow she carried constantly about with her, even taking it with her on her drives and going to sleep quietly, if it was placed beside her at night. Robert Lake caught at every straw. Despite the seeming inevitable, he still hoped for better things. The nurse also spoke of Ad≤'s fondness for a sewing-woman who had been employed by the housekeeper. She sometimes had insisted on the woman's accompanjing them on their drives. These requests had always been acceeded to. " By all means," Mr. Lake emphatically said, " even if we paid her for a day's work when she never took a needle in her ha d." It was unmistakably a good sign—a great step from the morse irritability with which she had persisted in shunning all her former friends. So Mrs. Tolcott, who was the seamstress who had attracted the wayard fancy A dele Lake came frequently to the house, but took care never to meet the master. Her spirit had never faltered from that terrible first hour when her husband had cried out against his life. She said nothing about the strong undercurrent that swept along with her surface life, but its force thrilled her inmost soul. While she had life she would fight against the wrong that had been done her and hers. About Robert Lake and all that concerned him there hung a strange fascination for her. She could not have told in what it lay, nor whence arose the vague expectation that clung to her whenever she visited his house; but in some way connected with him she felt the mystery would be solved. One afternoon her husband came home later than usual, pallidly passive, as was his wont of late. Nine months he had been hunting for wotk, but with the exception of an odd day or two now and again, had been unsuccessful. You are late, John," his wife said speaking with a nervous buoyancy, after one hurried glance at bis face. " Nothing new to-day, but that is quite as well," she continued quickly noticing the sarcastic lines that deepened tound his mouth, " for I have brought a real live hope home with me to-night, and we haven't had even the ghost of one for so long." Her husband smiled faintly and made an effort to appear interested, so apparently mechanical that she had rather he had not :nade it, " I met Mrs. Clyde, and old friend, and schoolmate ; and, as I heard that her husband is to be a Director in the new bank some capitalists are projecting, I asked her to use her influence in securing a position for you. She promised to do all in. her power." She stopped speaking, for her husband was regarding her with a penetrating gleam in his dark eyes. " To whom did you refer her, to vouch for my ability ?" ' Why, to Mr. Lake, dear. I had to,"' she added ; *• for there is no other business' man here to whom your abilities are known. You have never worked for any one else in this city." John Tolcott laughed a short bitter laugh. " My abilities, my poor wife are unavailing against the tide that has set against us. It is no use to fight against one's fate, aad mine is to be—unfortunate. It has been so all my life—childhood, boyhood, manhood— and it will be so until I die. As the time goes on, I only sink deeper and deeper into the gulf of misery. The only respite I have known was when you came and stood on the brink. I had no right to drag you down with me. It was criminal on my part, when I blinded my eyes to the fate that hung over me." " No ! No ! John, don't think about such awful things. Don't give way to such superstitions," she said bravely. "And if such really is our fate we will die fighting it.' Ah, if she could only conquer this fatal superstition, for she felt its power over him growing day by day. « I am going out again after dinner," Tolcott said, after a moment's silence. And, as he lifted his head, his wife saw that the passionate fire had died out of his eyes ; they wore again their look of hopeless apathy. " I heard of something to day," he continued, " that promises work for a day or two and I must see about.it to-night, for it is over two weeks now since I contributed a dollar to the house hold exchequer." After he had gone Mrs. Tolcott finished the scanty housework needful and then went through the formality of getting out some sewing ; but ehe knew all the while that she would only sew for a few moments before she would throw the work down and hurry, with feverish impatience, to the neighborhood of Robert Lake's house. An impulse too strong to be resisted forced her to return and haunt the vicinity again. Her reason remonstrated with her for yielding to the influence. She needed rest and quiet, she knew ; but where could she get them, while this feverish, gnawing pain at her heart lasted. Her landlady had said to her that morning, a6 John Tolcoot passed her to com mence his wandering search for the day: " 'Pe&TB; lite he isn't over strong. Seems 's if he's one 'torter work 'ith his head and not 'ith his hands. 'Pears more like 's if he'd lost his grip. "Lost his grip!" The words repeated themselves until they made Mrs. Tolcott's solitude horrible. " Lost his grip!" and "grip" meant, in worldly phraseology, his worldly soul. Should she be able to keep that dear hand at its post? To close her helping hand over the inert fingers and tighten their relaxing hold? She threw herself into her cloak and hat. Walk—she must walk—the house was stifling. ) The clock had struck five and Robert Lake had begun to shuffle and sort, with the assistance of rubber bands of various sizes, the mass of papers that were spread over the desk before him. He put on his overcoat and hat in silence, with the exception of the single "good night," addressed to the several clerks in general'; to which they responded with as mechanic*! an action as the clock's striking, being in the habit of responding regularly at five minutes past five over three hundred days out of the year. With exception of this single expression, he said not a word till he reached his home. Many nodded as he passed or said a word of greeting but he responded only with a nervous gesture. "He seems to be petrifying, his face is so stony, a man remarked to his companion as he passed by. Great would have been his astonishment, could he have seen this "stony" man, in his own house, halfan-hour later. As the front door swung back to the turn of Bobert Lake's latch-key, a figure stood at the end of the hall, that startled even him accustomed as he was to his wife's vagaries' There she was clad in a loose tnnic of pale blue silk, belted with a silver girdle and reaching only to the knee. Her limbs were encased in pale blue tights and on her feet were dainty sandals, finished at each heel by a tiny white wing, On her head she wore a hat of silver cloth, set somewhat far back, on the short auburn ringlets; and on the sides, over each rosy ear, was a snowwhite wing. Her arms were bare and she carried a silver staff lightly in her hand waving it about gracefully as she moved ' " Look at me ! Admire me !" she called out, laughing gleefully, as she whirled around on on wingod foot, for his inspection. r "You are always beautiful to me, my darling," her husband said with a deep sigh looking at her sorrowfully. ' But do not look so doleful about it " she said, suddenly stopping. Then with an angry stamp of her foot,'she crowded rudely past him. " Let me go, I say. I shall get admiration enough outeide; and what a sensation I shall create ?"' Her husband threw his arm gently around her and humbly begged her to forgive him promising to do anything she wished. ' (To be continued.') " ROUGH ON CORNS."—Ask for Wells' " Rough on Corns." Quick relief, complete. permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions At chemists and druggists. 44 0 ' * 