WHAT IS A SPOOK. Saturday Review.) Divers communications from persons of both sexes and of various callings have been received at the office of this journal, the substance of which may be summarised in the question wherewith these lines are headed. It is obvious that anyone who could furnish a complete answer would be superior in wisdom and knowledge not only to Solomon, but also to the most stupendous adept whose existence the Theosophists pretend to imagine. Nevertheless it is possible that a few words of general indication may not be without their use. Pbilologically, of course, there is no difficulty about the matter. The Greek word parke is familiar to many people who do not know Greek and the ingenious theory has been put forward that the Germans thought well to adopt it into their language,. and, having a well-grounded dislike to beginning a word with ps, they simply trans- posed the consonants. Moreover, they" slightly specialised the meaning, as constantly happens when a word is borrowed by one language from another. Thus psuke, soul, or spirit, became Spuf;, spirit, apparition, or ghost. Finally, the inhabitants of the Western States of America, in order to prove the cosmopolitan liberality which is one of their proudest boasts, learnt the word from their German fellow-citizens, and again slightly altered the spelling in order to preserve the sound ; so that Speak, the daughter of Spark and granddaughter of Psiike, became and was and still is a recognised word wherever the English language is spoken, and the normal and orthodox generic word for ghosts and things ghostly throughout a great part of the American continent. The interrogation, what is a spook ? requires for its full and proper answer a declaration as to what a spook is. That, as already indicated, will probably not be given within a measurable time. But some information on the subject, stating affirmatively what is a spook, is available for all, and can perhaps be set forth with peculiar advantage by those who have watched with kindly interest the recent outburst of spookical activity. Suppose, then, to begin with a simple instance, that you see somebody who isn't there. What you see is a speak. The person whom you see where he isn't may be dead or alive, and may be in the next room or on the other side of the world, but what you see is a spook all the same. Nor does it matter how he came. He may be a stranger, in Eastern attire, and may begin to twaddle about planes, cheers, guns,, adepts, and Higher Selves, aird offer to " materialise " some article of trifling pecuniary value. In that case he is the astral principle of somebody, probably a Mahatma, whose bodily 'principle-which, means his body is lying motionless iii a trance at some distant spot. But he is still a speak. Or, again, he may be some- body whom you know perfectly well and to whom you owe money, and who is at that very moment having his throat cut in a cannibal island. He is a speak too. The one is occult, the other is telepathic, but for practical purposes there is no difference between them. The apparition of a person who has been dead for some time is equally a spook, and that, whether he or she wears the mortal semblance of Julius Caesar, or of the Sieur who came over with the Conqueror, begat your great grandfather, and was finally beheaded for murder, or of the only woman you ever loved. He is not occult, and he is not telepathed-at least not in the ordinary way but some day Messrs. Myers and Gurney will publish a book containing statutory declarations and scientific comment about him, and then we shall know more than we do at present. But that will not make him more or less a speak. It is common knowledge that a great many spooks invert the proverbial duty of little girls, and are heard and not seen. Information derived ' from. Spookical Research shows clearly that they are sometimes felt, suggests that they have been smelt, and leads the professors of that branch of learning to express a guarded hope that some day they may be tasted. The invisible, audible spook presents some difficulties of his own in the way of defini- tion. A man bears a sound which is not made-eg. the sound of human song where no human larynx is singing. Does he hear a sound being made by a speak, or is the sound he bears itself a speak The question is one of Spookical Research. For the lay- man it is enough to know that in either case the listener may accurately, and according to the common use of language, be said to " hear a spook " Dogs, carriages, balls of fire, musical chords, drum beats, and raps on the furniture may also be spooks. It is hard to recognise a rap as a speak, because so many thousands of rape are not spooks at all, but are produced in the ordinary way by mechanical appliances. Still it is probable that some sorts of traps, especially on windows at the dead of night, may be spooks. But, of course, a sheet and turnip, or a smudge of phosphorus on the wall, are no spooks. Whatever else your spook is or is not, he must be genuine. 