A ghost's garment is a shroud of mystery. Strange as it may seem, when money is clue it is difficult to get very near it. Fisa is good brain food, but it does Soem a pity, in some cases, to waste so much fish. "Johnny, have you a paternal government at your house I" Johnny-" We have so. I've seen papa turn all the children over his knee." .?On the rolling deep. First Passenger " Well, old boy, what s up this af ternoon r" Second Passenger-" All but the soup." Stranger (entering a photogrph gallery in haste)--" I.ay, do you take negatives here 1" Photographer-" Yes; do you wa ut to sit l" Stranger-" No." A barrister, noticing that the court had gone to sleep, stopped short in the mddle of his speech. The sudden silence awoke the judges, and the lawyer gravely resumed-" As I remarked yesterday, my lords-' Toe puzzled judges stared, as though they half believed.they had been asleep since the pre vious day. Conversation overheard one afternoon be tween two servants-" Of course, because I wanted to get out, dinner was late ; it wat a quarter-past three before master had finished carving for the nursery; so I took the three children, stood them up in arow, and waihed their. faces, altogether, or I could not have got out.". . Mrs. Parson Spire-" Mly dear, why don't you preach a sermon on woman's extrava ganee ', ,'Parson Spire-" What are they doing now '" " Why, the paperenys the nae fashionable buttons cost two pounds a dozen." t;They. do1'! " Yes, and I know it's ab solutely wicked." "No, no; it's alU right. I only wish the buttons 1 find in the contribu tion plate now were worth as much." "I naver shot a bird in my life," saidsome one to his friend, who replied, "For my part, I never shot anything in the shape of a bird, except a 'possum, which I killed with a stone, when it fell into the river and was drowned." The editor of a paper, in describing the effects of a squall upon a vessel, says that "when the gale was at its highest, the un fortunate craft reeled to the larboard, and the captaini and another barrel of whisky rolled overboard." "I can't go to sleep at all at nights," said Mr. D. "How tiresome it must be to lie awake. What do you do to pass the time I" asked 3Mr. 3. " Oh I take a book and read," replied Mr. D. " Ah," said Mrs. 1., "that is very bad, for you will injure your eyes if you read much when you are asleks." At the dentist's: "Monsieur, you have made me a'set of false teeth." " know it," replies the dentist. 'You promised me that they would be exactly like natural ones." " Certainly." " Well, your false teeth make me suffer terribly." " And consequen.ly they imitate nature all the more." If there is anywhere in life asilver-fringed, 18S-carat, full-jewelled moment, it is the dia mond-bespangled instant when the young husband irst discovers that his wife knows how to cook. A young man whose girl has red hair, sang, as he bade her good-night a few evenings sinee-" Farewell, my love, light of my life, farewell I" And he can't imagine what makes her so coolnow. Excited m3 claero- Heres'`TwelfthNight' announced and my leading lady ill, Who can I get to play Viola '" Leader of or chestra-" I play double bass, violin, viola ansythnn."g. " " \- ,l'oung Mr. do Lyle (in the conservatory) -"3Iay .1 present yoU with a bud, Miss Societie, from this beaitiful plant !" Mlss Societie (blushing)-" Oh, thank you, Mr. as Lyle. You are very- '" Fairy of the iousns hold (tripping in)--" I know papa wouldn't like you to pick any of the flowers, Mr. de Lyle, they are only hired for this evening." "Yes, Bobby," said the minister who was dining with the family, "everything in this world has its use, although we may not know what it is, Now, there is the fly, for in stance. You wouldn't think that flies were good for anything, yet-" "Oh, yes, I would,"interrupted Bobby. "I know whan flies are good for." "What, Bobby p" I"" says that they are the only thing what keels him awake when you are preaching." Teacher--" What number is quarrel" Pupil-" Plural." Teacher-".Why.r" Pupil -" Besanse it iakmes two tomake one." 