MR SPURGEON'8 8EOES8ION3- In Thk Ukrat.d of Thursday ovoning, wo iusortod under tho abovo holding two artiolcs from tlio London Christian IKorW of 17th No vember. Our American file received lnsfe weok contain numerous paragraphs and artiolcs on MrBpunraon's withdrawal from tho Raptlst Union. The following short artiolu is from tho Now York Christian Union of 10th No vember, and will bo found worthy of con sideration Mr Spurgoon Is to-day, in tho widoneu ot his reputation, if not in tlio extent ot his influence, ono of tho foremost preacher hi tho ProtoBtiuit Church. When such a man with draws from tho apparent and visible fellow ship of his brethren in tlio ministry, thoevonb creates naturally no littlo oxcitomont, ami is ordinarily ono of no littlo rigmlicanco. Mr Spurgcou has not withdrawn from thn Baptist denomination, but from the Baptist Union, n voluntary association of Baptist minister and laymen. Hi action in this respect reneuiblofl in it ecclesiastical character and effect Mr Boucher's withdrawal trcm tho Congrega tional Aiociatiun of Now York and Brooklyn somo years before hi death. Hero, however, the resemblancu censes. Mr Beecher withdrew becaiiRu ho waa so far progreesivo hi his theology that hi view were unsatisfactory to some of Inn fellow-members, and ho with drew in tho interest of >eace. Air Spurgeoit withdraw because lira view are moro conser vative than those of many of his feliow-nicm- ber, and hu withdraws as n menu of bearing witness against what ho regard as very serious ihcnlogicul error. Mr Spurgcou is a curious admixture, a double personality— a seventeenth century man in thought, a nineteenth century man in action. Hu is a great admirer of tlm early Puritan divines ; liis library is rich in their works uj>on theology and upon Biblical interpretation. Ho has lived in this ntiuos- phuro of Puritan thought, r.ud from it lias drawn thu matorial for hi own theological tjiihking ami teaching. In tlm aggres sive spirit of tho nineteenth century, in its mfosionnry zeal, in its endeavor to apply re ligion truth to overy-day experience, lio is emphatically a man of tho ninotconth cen tury ; but in theological thought ho i a child of and belongs to tho eoventeenth century. Such a man ulrnost inevitably looks U|Km tho wide and growing divergencies of thouirhtfrom the philoiouhlo forms in which it was formerly held as a divergence from Christian truth anil principle ; nor is ho nt nil able to interpret that divergence. That he has correctly in terpreted hi brethren in tho ministry 1n his description of " professed orthodox ChrtRtians publicly holding union with thoso who deny tlio faith, call the full ot a man a fable, niid atny tho personality of the Holy Ghost," wo do not for a moment believe, and we apeak with nume knowledge uf the sentiment and opinion of the liberal men in the Baptist Church, both in Kuglniul nud in Atnorica ; his portraiture of their sentiment comes no nearer the original than l)r Boardmau'a portraiture of New Theology nt tho Springfield meeting— a por traiture which evoked indignant protest from the incu ' to whom hu had Im puted such un extraordinary and chaotic system. Wo havo no doubt that Mr Spurgcou describe what hu sees; but what ho sees is n creation of his own brain. That tho progressive ministry in nil denominations hold different view tcsucting both inspiration and atonement from those which Air Spurgoon finds in thu Puritan divines of tiiu Kuvcntcntli century wu tb not doubt; but that they hold that tho world is saved by the sacrifice nf Christ, and that tho revelation of that sacrifice na the ground of.. tho world's salvation h not forth in tho Christian SeriptunM, is absolutely certain. Mr Spurgeou's withdrawal from the Baptist Union is chiefly significant because ii indicates that, in Euuhvud a man of even Mr Spurgcou well-earned strength of influ ence cannot stay the progressive human thought and the set pnrpnsu of Christian men to reconcile thoir religion philosophy with tlio bert intellectual life of tno present nge. Tho attempt .. is a futile, wo may add, in America a Air Spurgoon 'has found it iuilreat Britain. _ 