CUSTOMS DUTIES OH FARM PRODUCE. to the editor of tue daily telegraph. fcir. — in itie miusi ot niucn wimj i.i.k nuuiu tbe effects of the repeal of the Customs duties on bacon, hams, cheese and butter, in which talk prophecies of wholesale ruin play a prominent part, it is not out of place to examine the mat ter in the light of experience and to try, if only for the sake oi a change, to introduce a little cool reasoning. Bacou and Haius.— In the year 1671 the duty of £13 IBs. 4d. per ton (tariff rate 2d. per lb.) was passed. In the lU ye-rs prior to that year (1661-70), according to the Statistical liegister, the average number of pig3 in tbe colouy was 162,556 and the average population 421,1)24. These figures show that during the years iu question the supply of pigs to every 100, 0u0 of tlie population was 86,527. What has it beeu siuce tbe imposition of the duty on bacon aud bams in 1871 V 1 will show ii in the form of five periods of three years each — orfrom)67J to lotio : — sui'I'I.v OF PICS I'KH 100,000 OF POPULATION. 1801-7U .. 3S, 527 average supply. 1871-73 .. .. 4I.K7U ditto. 1874-76 .. .. 33, '.'73 ditto. 1877-73 .. .. 32,337 ditto. 1380-82 .. - .. 29, 035 ditto. 1833-35 .. .. 22,407 ditto. These figures show that siuce the dnty was imposed our farmers have become less aud less able to supply our population with hog products. Our protectionists tell us that if duties are imposed our producers will increase their supplies aud m so doing will employ more labor. Vet here, in tbe face of an enormous duty, there is not the ghost of a sign of any increase, but very Kiibstanti.il evidence of decrease. Only in two out of 10 years has tbe actual number of pigs ever equalled tbe number of ls70, and even then they were far below the supply of that year ou the basis ot population. I will venture the assertion that at the present day there is no industry more neglected in this colony tla:i the breeding of hogs and the curing of bacon and hams. The abolition of the duty may p.-rliap? rouse our farmers out of their apathy, and if so they as well as the public wiii be great gainers. Cheese.— In 1688 New South Wales exported cheese oi her own make to tbe value of £10,871. Since then the export has' very greatly talion off, simply owing to the effect of drought. It is evident that, given good seasons, this colony can already make more cheese than she re quires, and it is well kuo u a Customs duty is uot protective wbeu the supply exceeds the con sumption. Without any guarantee of perpetual droughts, there seems to be no ground for think ing that farmers etui reap any advance in prices by the existence of a protective duty on cheese. Butter.— It is to be noted that, although tbe duty on butter was only imposed hist year, and that prior to that year our exports of butter had ofteu exceeded our imports, yet our farmers and their so-called friends ate as eager to retain this duty as thev are to retain the duties on bacon, Ac., which were imposed in 1871. The whole cry is reduced to au absurdity when the prosperity of our farmers is said to depend — partially at any rate — on a duty on butter, an article which, without duty, the farmers have repeatedly proved themselves able to produce in quantities larger than we can consume. The agricultural returns issued a few days ago will prove a dcathkuell to the hopes of" a successful protectionist propaganda amongst the fanners. Whilst it was being proclaimed that the farmers were ruined and were rapidly giving up their occupation, it seems the real fact was that they were eugaged in sowing a greatly increased urea, aad this year they pre sent us with all the wheat we require except some 10 or 15 per ceut. Clearly, then., the time is close at hand when our farmers will be ex porters of wheat as well as of other produce, and when, consequently, protection will cease to have charms for them, because it will have uo power to add. to their gains. It would be foolish to give any heed to ;he present outcry respecting duties on bacuii, Ac. The time will come when it will be seen that their abolition was a good thing even for the farming interest, and probably this iuterest will very soou be atnonir tli3 strouccst sunuorters of a fre2trad«» policy.— Yours, , be., EDWARD PULSFOUD, Secretary Freetrade Association. April 12. 