Items. Crisis. Thirteen. A crushing defeat. Kaiser Wilbelm has a cold. Mr. J. Varley, S.M. is dead. ' Short, sharp and decisive.' Exit Downer, enter Playford. Honest Tom to the fore again. The strangers gallery -crowded. Heavy falls of snow in Victoria. : That Cradock ghost is about yet : A modem Mark Tapley— J. C. B. Four German war vessels at Sydney. Which is best, 'lady' or ' woman?' Victorian Parliament opened on Tuesday. Hanlan and Gaudaur to have another race. British Parliament reassembled last Mon day. The Governor's speech a political conumd rum. ' A political wobbler ?' A new title for Mr. Bray. France and Russia are meddling about Egypt again. Unprecedented interest in treeplanting thi . year. More evictions in Ireland and further vio lence. Jubilee picnic and spoils at Hallett on 16th instant. Thirteen is an unlucky number for the late Ministry. Mr. Playford had to use spectacles to read Hansard. Dust at Teetnlpa on Monday. Rain every where else. The Chinese Commissioners are coming to this colony. Twelve prisoners are to be liberated on Jubilee Day. Good show yesterday afternoon of loyalty— and bonnets. Chafley Brothers pushing on their works as fast as possible. The Exhibits awfully backward at the Jub ilee Exhibition. What a happy family the opposition will be a month hence 1 Mr. Bray jolly, Mr. Furner satirical and Mr. Howe despairing. Ihe cheapest pena'orth of geography going — the railway map. Henry Taylor thinks we have not much occasion to jubilate. Mount Gambler and Narracorte railway to be opened next Thursday. Mr. Playford depreciated the use of poetry. His example an awful warning I ' ? Fresh fish from England by die Iberian Coals to Newcastle should follow. -' :!~ £''- ' Copious details of the proceedings at the . colonial conference are now to hand. The prospects for the coming season are better than have been known for years. . Now women, show your loyalty to the forer most of your sex. by signing the address. Will the Chinese Commission — ten in all — - have to pay the poll tax ? If not, why not ? Mr. Playford amendment could scarcely be called ' linked sweetness, long drawn out.' ; Mr. Tomkinson has begun objecting again. This time it is to the cost of printing returns. French convicts returning from New Cale donia are not allowed to land at San Fransisco. The Chinese General will be an observed observer at the opening of the Jubilee Exhibi tion. Bitterly cold in Sydney and the heaviest snowstorms for nine years on the Blue Moun tains. The Conservator of Forests expects to plant 600,000 trees this year at various places in the North. No attack on the ministerial policy for die simple reason that there was no policy to attack. Mr. Bray hoped new members from the country would not be led astray. Very kind of him. The inquest on the Windsor raif way accident is Hearing its close. It has been going on £01 nearly fonr weeks. The new members, who took part in die debate though samewhat nervous, acquitted themselves creditably. Our senior member had an excellent bearing during the no-confidence debate, the junior was significantly silent. According to Mr. Speight four entirely in dependent causes wrought in t*ombination to wreck the express at Windsor. The Prince of Wales is to be honorary Pre sident of the Royal Commission for die Mel bourne Centennial Exhibition. : Because a man levanted from Clare without asking for his wages It is supposed that he has committed suicide. Very ntuaraL . The eagle and the bear object to the lion re turning to the land of die pyramids if he leaves it. Moral : — ' He had better stop there.' . ' Sixteen votes for die Ministry including themselves, and twenty nine against them. Four members abstained from voting at all. Sharp practice. A deed left Adelaide for London was perused, considered executed, and returned to the colony in nine weeks and two days. One agent alone has 200 cases of Exhibits for the Jubilee Exhibition that cannot be opened for want of bills of lading, and only another week remaining. Informations have been laid by die police against the members of the Hamdorf family for what is alleged to be their imposture in die matter of the Cradock ghost. Mr. Horn began his maiden speech by quot ing Demosthenes. Does be hope to outshine him? He ended by referring to Cain and AbeL Which wfll he take for bis pattern? : -Ten thousand Tubilee medals for Adelaide school children and good many for o****^?' tiesare being manufactured by Messrs. Dobtoe and Schlank. Some one should remember the boys and girls of Burra. The Register thus sketches die new member for Buna: 'A flnent, fest speaker, djough prone to use involved sentences and prolonged parenthesis, but withal decidedly increasmfi die oratorical strengtii of ihe House and es pecially good for his clearness of enunciation.' Hotel Clerk (to seedy stranger, who lias just arrived) — ' Have a room ?' S. S. —'No.' Clerk— ' Dinner, I suppose?' S.s. ? «? Not at all. I only want to arrive. It's a good many years since I have, arrived at a hotel, ana if you've no objection I will simply arrive. Good morning.' 