, SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -~~* THE TURF: I The Amateur Steeplechase Meeting of the Papcrchase Club, which comes off on the Canterbury Park racecourse to-day, cannot fail to attract the attention of the sporting public, and should the weather prove favourable a large attendance may be expected. This is the first venture of the club in the way of caring for the amusement of the public, and it is due to the committee to state that nothing has been left undone to secure success. The items on the card include Dwarf Stakes, Hack Selling Race, Ladies' Bracelet, Pnpcrchaso Club Steeplechase, Ilia Over Race, and Hack Race, and the horses will go to the post for the first event at 1.30 p.m. The committee have decided that ladies and children shall he admitted to the saddling paddock at reduced rates, and suitable arrangements have been made for catering, c. Melbourne sportsmen should have a good opportunity of witnessing some capital racing at Caulfield to-day in connection with the Y. A. T. C. meeting. The opening event the Selling Race should go to Phaon, if he start, otherwise the Ghost and Faugh-a-ballagh will have a good deal to pay in it. The Hurdle Race will likely be annexed by Louis or Goodwood : while Phaon, Kohai, and The Levite should supply a. winner for the St. Kilda Cup. The places in the Steeplechase will probably be filled by the Irishman, Goodwood, and Banker ; 18oz should be well in the Federal Stakes and there should be a great contest between Mr- trailleuse and Phaon for the pride of place in the South Yarra Handicap. The secretary of the A. J. C. received the following telegram yesterday from Mr. S. Nathan, Melbourne : " Scratch Sardius for all engagements. The Merryvale race meeting was registered yesterday with the secretary of the A. J. C. The weights for the Liverpool Handicaps for St. Patrick's Day appear in another column. In the Rose and Shamrock handicaps, Fraud has been apportioned top weights of 9st. 3lb: and Ost. respectively, while Ellington has been treated to the heaviest impost (12st.) in the Thistle Handicap. The Armidale Picnic Race Club hold their meeting to-day on the Palmerston racecourse, and as there are no less than nine events on the card the New England sportsmen should be satisfied for one day. Those interested in racing fixtures should note the following, which must receive attention to-day:-Ganornl entry for Molong races, to take place on the 15th and 17th instant ; general entry and close of acceptances for the Kyneton (Vic.) races and nominations for the Casterton (Vic) handicaps. The V.R.C. committee have removed the disqualification of John Nash, trainer, imposed by the Murrumburrah Turf Club over two years ago ; also that of John Iluhor, jockey, sentenced by the Bourke Jockey Club on the 28th of May, "USSR. With his usual liberality, Mr. William Cooper, Rose Bay, has presented the Agricultural Society of New South Wales with a cheque for 30 guineas to go towards a prize for a handicap trot to be held at the forthcoming meeting of the society, the competitors to be colonial-bred horses. It is to be hoped that Mr. Cooper's lead will be followed by other gentlemen interested in the breeding of first-class pacers and that the prize will boot sufficient value to attract intercolonial competition. Among the racing events that engage the attention of the sportsmen of the North is the meeting of the Wallsend and Plattsburg Amateur Turf Club, which takes place on the Wallsend course to-day, when a liberal programme will be discussed, and good sport may be anticipated. Mr. Evans was in luck's way on the second day's meeting of the Tumut Jockey Club. He won the Selling Stakes with Sundown ; the Turf Handicap with Sweetheart, who, with 9st. 4lbs. up, beat Mr. W. Yeoman's Odd Stockings (Start. 318.) after a great race in 1 minute 59 seconds ; and the Hurdle Race with that consistent performer Glen Duart, who carried 12st. in grand style over the sticks. The Manning River Jockey Club have arranged to hold a race meeting on the Queen's Birthday on the Taree course, and a liberal prize list will be submitted on the occasion. The latest scratchings in connection with the Liverpool races on the 17th instant are as under Rose Handicap. Recruit ; Shamrock Handicap, Recruit and Pilot ; Thistle Handicap, Wanda. The Midland (Tasmania) Jockey Club meeting, to be held on the 17th and 18th instant, promises to be one of the most successful gatherings yet held in that part of the " right little island." 'The entries for the various events are close upon one hundred. The totalisator will be worked on the course under the supervision of Mr. John Hayle, of Hobart. Wagering on the Sydney Cup and Hawkesbury Handicap had a little more life infused into it yesterday, though the commissions transacted were not very large. Nelson still holds the pride of place in the betting on the Cup, and has hardened down a couple of points since Thursday, and Trident has followed suit. Some business was done on the double, the prices being 1000 To 10 v. anything with Trident or Nelson, and 2000 to 10 v. any others. The latest quota- tions are as under Sydney Cup : 6 to I xx Nelson, aged v. Trident, 10 to 1 v." Tom Brown, 20 to 1 v. any other. Hawkesbury Handicap : 12 to 1 v. Volcano, 15 to 1 xx. The Jewel, 15 to 1 each v. Tom Brown and Phaon, 16 to 1 v. Figtree, 20 to 1 v. any other. 