A MAN'S MOTHER IN LAW. + It iB a mystery which no one has yet ioWed why bo many Bad jokes are const antly being perpetrated abont a man's mother in law. What dreadfol crime has the unfortunate woman committed in providing the man with bis wife (hat he should bear each an undying grudge against her. Now if it was a woman's mother in law who was made the butt of these 1 jokes there might be a grain of sense in them ; for it is the man's mother who has it in her power to make life a burden to tha young wife and not half try. As a matter of fact, a woman is usually proud and fond of her son in law if he only gires her the ghost of a chance. When the young conple first go to house-keeping who is it that comes in and with her good sense and practical experience tides them over the rough places ? A man's mother in law. It is the womin's mother in law who is most apt to criticise, and who ex asperates the young wife, by quoting, all too frequently ' My son is used to haYe things thus and so.' 'My son mast hoTe this or that for hi? meals. 'My son, with his small income, should have married a prudent, economical woman,' oto. When the first baby makes its appear ance, as well as the successive ones, who is it that steps in and relieves the hus bands of his weary vigils, and takes the load of caro and worry off the wife's feeble shoulders, and keeps the house hold runniDg smoothly ? The man's mother in law. When he and bis wife plan to take a little trip together, who is it that comes in and takes charge of the house and children, so that they can peacefully enjoy their holiday, with the restful thought,' Mother is there, and it will be all right ?' The man's mother in law. When there is trouble or sickness in the house, who is the faithful nnrse, the wise counsellor, the sympathising friend? The man's mother in law. And if, in the course of ovents, the wife dies, who is it that usually oomes in aud takes oare of the children, and keeps up the home till the bereaved husband has time to look around and find another wife ? A man's mother in law. And how does he reward her for all this devotion? By making heartless jokes at her ex pense, and publishing them for other men to snioker over 1 Ingratitude, thy name is Man ! 