Mayfieud, South Yabba, Thursday, April 21,1887. My Dbar MAium,—Thoy have already stnrtod tho aooial galotioa In Sydney, but we arb yot comparatively very quiot in Melbourno, This, however, only gives the gossips moro time to disousi the doings of thoir aoqttaln taneos. This gossip at afternoon teas during tho past wook has boon largely interlarded with references to a some what romantio elopomont. Nobody has yet boon able to fathom why tho eouplo should have run away, Had thoy only made known thoir intention of going hand in hand through lifo, tho young lady would doubtless have boon glvon a big wedding, but thoy apparently proforrod somo llttlo romanoo in thoirs, and so kopt thoir passion a profound soorot until thoir disapponranoo told tho tale, Tho fathor of tho young lady is not at all angry, but ho insists that a sooond marrlago ooro mony take plnoo in his ohuroh, Thmuib was a very largo gathorlng of girls'on ISastor Monday, at ono of tho principal ohurohos on Mastorn Hill, to wituoss tho marriago of Mr, Jnnuavy and Miss May, Tho curious woro, howovor, disappointed, Tho bridegroom hnd ohangod his taotlos, as ho doolinod to bo stnrod at, and tho marriago is to take plnoo nt Quoonsollif or somo othor small oountry town, JflAut, Oaiuns, I hoar, Is vory ploasod with tho news whloh roaohod Australia by tho last mall, that Miss Fortusouo Is at last ongagod to marry somoono olso In Aniorloa, Ajirojwtt of Miss Fortoaouo, I hoard tills wook of tho following llttlo lnoldont wliioh ooourrod boforo tho (Iannoylu turmoil, at tho Savoy Thoatro, Pretty Miss IVortuHouu had boon uotlood by tho luithotlo sot, and tho paternal ooal dust was forgotton la tho ffronoh polish which a really good education had glvon tho young beauty, Shu oamo dosvn to rohoarsal with somo airs t ami small as tho part was alio playocl lu loluntho tlioro was no doubt In lior mind that all tho suooossof the play dupomlud upon luir Individual, attraotlou, Alfred (Jollier's brother Frank was at tho piano, and wlum the fair Fortosouo oamo In at a wrong momout and wan hustlod oil! by youag Oolllor, shq rathor In dlgnantly orlod, " That was my ouo, Mr, Oolllor I" " No, my dear, that was tho jilttno /uHo'h out', I can Muarouly bollovu It, hut Oltarllo says It Is a 'not, that tho Hon, Fraiiols Ormoiul has handed over ,hu «iiUU,(KiU to tho Unlvurslty with tho objuot that tho itudcntu shall bo taugiit to play brass Instrumunto, and vo may thorol'oro oxpoot to. hoar an uiulorgraduato band at the noxt Commencement Day. Mr. Ormond, bag.a good heart but he most certainly Is wanting in judgment, ' . TALKIN& of the University, I see by the papers that the Chancellor has only just now received Information of the bequest of £0,000 by the late Mr. Mollison, and' ovon now Dr. Brownless does not know the conditions of the 'bequest. This 1b very surprising in an age when news travols so quickly. But-it Is all moonshine. Dr. Brownloas must have road in Table Talk of March 4 that the bequest had been made, and also what the conditions woro, Of courso Dr. Brownless men^s that ho does not know " officially." Tiie paragraph which was published in Table. Talk sbvoh woeks ago gavo the following extract from the will referring to the condition's of the bequest2 "The scholarships It is my wish shall be held for throe years by young persons of cither sex between the ages of 17 and 10 years, and who at a public examination within Victoria, before competent persons to be from time to tlrao named by the Chancellor, eithor alone or jointly with the Oounall of tho University for the tlmo being, shall show tho groatost knowledge of French or Italian, or some living Oriental language, It is my wish that in such examination, regard shall bo paid by tho oxamlnors, ohlofly to fluency of speaking, and it is my intention that tho Ohnnoollor shall havo full power from tlmo to time to substitute one living language for anothor," Hebe is a batch of ongagomonts, but as usual, I will not vouch that thoy aro oorroct in ovory instance, I hear that Miss Montgomery, daughtor of Mr. B.' K. Montgomery, Is ongagod to Mr, Boll, Mr. John MoCluro to Miss Luoy Wlgloy, of North Brighton, Miss Edith Delbrldgo to Mr. E. Shaw, O.E., of Wagga, I also hoar that tho marrlago of Miss Amy Bonoraft, of Balaclava, and Mr, Hay, is to take place in about a fortnight, Don't forgot tho oalco fair, doar, this afternoon and this ovonlng, at East Court, Goorgo<straob, East Mol' bourno, In aid 'of tho Oonvalosoont Homo for Womon, Mrs, Baoombo has boon promised an unusually largo uumbor of onk'oy goms, and most deservedly, too, for snob a noblo objoot, ,, Yours tvll'ootlormtaly, Stjol&A.; ruiNCiiH .Ulamarok'a oatato of Vrlodrloharuho, In Lauonborg, Northorn Prussia, la troubled by ghosts, Moat mysterious nolaoa and vlalona haunt ono of tho oltlof forustors' lodgos, flaming swords strangely appear,' and spirits rap all ovor tho houso, ao fclio neighboring peasants (ire In abjoob torror, bollovlng fcho algna imply Impending war aud misery, Crowds from the country round liovor about tho iodgo to watoh btio raanlfosba«, tlons, and tho wholo plaoo la domomllaod. • It la said that French aookory la on bUo wane, and tho roaaona aaalgnad for lb aro that, (n tho gonornl hurry of tho ago, fow poraona will glvo thomaolvoa tho trouble bo wait tho tlmo noooaaary for bhu uonooobion of a llnlahod aauoo at club or roabauranb | omoltlng has' ltupalrud tho palabo, and oooklng ,« by atuam " la tho ordor of tho day, A utnuouB drama on tho lata unfortunate King of llavarla will shortly bo brought out In Borllu, It la a llvo-aot play, Louis If,, King of llavarla, ro- pro* duolug tho ohlof ovouta of tho Bovorulgn'a oaroor, and lutroduulug tho tjuuuii-Mothor, tho proaont King Obtoi and obhor inuinbura of tho lloyal family, tho bavarian Mluldtoui and ohlof Cioiirt olttolala, lllohurd Wagnor and .l)r, Cluddon, tho last nainod of whom porlahod with Louis In tho Bturnborgor Hoo, Ah many of tho (/iuiiikiNn iwvNonttn aro Mtlll living, tho drama oatmob bo pruaoutod on any atago, but It will bo road In public 'n tho .Uorlln (Jouoort Hall, 