UHAPMt V. suit 1<\:i>euh:os Falcon. Naturally Janiu Wygrnm regarded with, anything but favour the young u>au who was t-hiM elahring so much of her beloved Sabie's attention; ami hoi- jealousy of him made her nil the more determined that Sabina should go to Walter Lindsay's party. ' Hut why should I go?' Sabina said, quite good-naturedly. 1 Some people are interes ted in such things, but I am not. Standing about among a lot of half strangers and trying to talk about things that are quite iiidillerent to yon ' Oil, but Sa'>ii), you don't know,' her friend said. ' It's not. like that at Mr Lind h 'They're sin;.11 parties, and there's lio niiu asked who isn't either clever, or pretty, or i-L-inaikablo in some way; and there is e\'ury kind of freedom and amusement and merriment. You will find 110 old people there at all, except mother, who is to play duenna for all of us. 'Ho, no, Janie,'Sabina suit1. 'I should most likely be tired by that time of night, and you wouldn't want a kill-joy to come in among a lot (if young folks amusing themselves. ' Hut you can't help going, Sabie, dear,' her friend said insidiously. ' Indeed. And why? ' Not when I tell you that you will confer ft great kindness on several people and on two in particular. That is enough reason for you Sabie. Sabina laughed; it was a dext# ous piece of flattery. ' But who are the two people in particular? she asked. ' Mr. Lindsay is one, and I am the other. ' Then I will goto please you,' Sabina said in her frank and generous w^', and forthwith the glad hearted Janie made swiftly for her own room to send a little note to Mr Lindsay, informing him of the joyful new?, As the eventful evening drew near, the little Mrs Wygr.im assumed a more and more important air; for she had undertaken to superintend the domestic arrangements fcr the young artist; and she was in all his secrets; and very earnest were' their confabulations together. But one afternoon she came home looking rather puzzled. Janie, she said to her daughter, ' what is it about the falcon? ' What falcon, mother ? ' I don't understand at all; but twice to-day he has said the same thing; you see I was remonstrating withhimabout hisextravagance and really the way he is going on is absurd; oh, [ assure you, there is nothing in Coveut Garden half good enough; I believe he would •telegraph to the Brazils if there was time to get oack the things Well, X was saying liow absurd it was, and that people did not oxpect such entertainments at a bachelor's house; and then it was he said ' I wish there ■was nothing left, but my falcon.' And then again he said; ' Hut when is the falcon to be brought in V And when I asked him what falcon, he only laughed and turned to some thing elso. ' Mother,'cried Janie, 'don't you know? Don't you know the^old Italian story. The mother looked as puzzled as ever. ' Why, it has been told a hundred times. It was about a young gentleman of Florence . who wasted all his wealth in giving entertain ments to please his lady love; but she did not care for him; sho married someone else; and ho went away into the country, very poor, and having nothing left him but liis pet falcon. Then by-and-byo she became a widow ; and she was living in the . country, too ; and her little boy- fell sick, and nothing would do but that he must have the falcon that he had seen flying over the neighbouring garden. So she went .with another lady to the house, and there was her former lover, and he was groatly distressed that, there was nothing in the house he could have cooked for them, for she had said that she would eat something. Do you under stand now, mother ? He bade his servant go quickly and strangle the falcon—the last of all his possessions—and that was cooked , and brought in and set before them. And then, of course, when the lady made her request about the falcon, he had to confess ■what he had done in order to entertain her ; and sho was bo much struck by his gene rosity that she foil in love with him, and married him. Have you never heard the story? The young gentleman's iiame was Federigo ; and the lady's Mouna Giovanna. And you may bo sure that was what Mr. Lindsay meant, mother ; and very certain I am that he would be content to part with everything ha has, and to sacrifice pet falcon and everything else, if that would only win him his Monna GioFanna. * Aud who may she be V the mother said, demurely. ' Oh, of course you don't know, mother ! It would never enter your hoad—not for a moment—that it was our Sabie who is -Mr. Lindsay's Monna ; Giovanna ? 'What fools men are!' the mother sighed. V; 'They may or thoy may not be; 1 don't know,' tha daughter said, valiantly, • but I ; do know that if I _were a man I should consider myself a fool if I were not in lovo with Sabie. And at length the great evening arrived ; und everything had been dono that the most anxious consideration ^could think of ; and all that was wanting now was the presence of Sabina to irradiate the feast. As a matter of fact, she and Sirs. Wvgram and tTanie came rather late ; all tho others had assembled, and weie idling away the lime in the studio, laughing aud joking and. ox, ^mining the sketches ; but Walter Lindsay was in front of the house, by himself, and r&'hur nervously waiting. Then there was the sioise of a cab; the gate bell iva3 rung ; and the next moment he was oytsjdo and down through the little garden, just iu t;mo to pecoive them. This was rather a dusty throughfaie ; aud the yellow gas-lamps gave but; little lelief ; but it seemed to liim that wheii Sabina stepped out on to the pave ment—so tall and queenly she was, and yet with such a frank and generous good-nature in her face—that there was somo kind of moonlight around. Ho had eyes only for her ; he was a little bewildered ; she seemed something radiant—here in the dusk. ' It is very kind of you to come,' lie said ; but he did not know what he was saying. He accompanied them into the house ; J could this beautiful creature knew how great a favour she was conferring by merely stepp ing within the door 1 And she smiled so graciously on the little maid who asked them to go into the improvised cloak-room : did she know that too was a kindness ?—that she could so easily make friends with her winning locks and her gentle manner 1 But at this moment Janie Wygram hung back from her companions ; aud said to him, in a half-whisper :— ' Is the falcon being cooked 1 ' There is no such luck for me,' said he ; and then ho added quickly : ' But do. you think, no<v, that Miss Zembra could bo pre vailed upon to take away some little thing as a souvenir 'i There are all kind of tilings in this studio. If you found her in terested in any of them could you give i*\e a hint? Anything, no matter what, any thing in the house. ' I don't know,' said Miss Janie ; but she could not add another word "then, for .she had to follow her companions into the cloak room. . , • ;; , ■ Forthwith lie sent word to have supper served as soon as possible; and when these now guests reappeared he would have them remain in'tho drawing room. He seemed to forget the others whom lie had left in tlio' studio. It was Sabina whom he wanted to look at chuse sketches, and medallions, and iniiiiaturea, and what not ; and so anxious waa he to interest her, and so strangely did tho magic of her presence allVct him, that his fingers were not so steady as they might have been. , ' Why, your hand shakes,' aha said (foe she was rather blunt-spoken on. occasion). ' What is it i Too much Arts Club at mid night 1 '• It was a cruel speech, though it was not meant cruelly. How could he explain to her what it was that made liis hand a trifle un steady ? Or how could he say to her that lie would willingly never enter within the doors of the Arts Club again,' if she but expressed the slightest wish on the sub jeet? . ,' ' But your other friends. Sir. Lindsay ?' said Mra. Wygram, who considered herself responsible for the proper conduct of the proceedings. ' Should we' not go into the studio ? ' Oh, no,' *nd he. ' They're all right. Boreda is there ; he will keep them lively enough.' In fact, they could hear the sound of a piano in the distance. 'That is another thing I wanted to warn you about, Miss Janie. Don't you keep inisting on encores. Borella is the best felljw in the world, . but he is rather noisy, and ho likes to monopolise the piano. Sow when he wants to go, let him go ; and then we shall have a nice quiet evening by ourselves. Of course, Miss Janie knew very well it was about Sabina he was thinking ; perhaps she might not like too hilarious an evening ; for there.was something, grave and serious in her manner, even -with all its gracious sweetness. Then came the butler(hewas abutler only at night; by day he wa3 an old man model, and favourably known throughout the studios for liis prominent nose aud shaggy eyebrows ; it should be said, moreover, that his ability in bctfh capacities was niarkod, and that he could decant a bottle of port justas well ashecouldposeasan ancientHigh land cateran, or a scowling miser, or a smil ing grandpapa) to say that supper was served ; and Mr. Lindsay escorted these three guests into the dining-room. It was a clever little scheme. 'Miss Zembra,'said ho, ' will you take this seat, if you please ? Mrs. Wygram has been so kind as to offer to take the other end of the table—she can sea that things ava going on rightly—and—and the servants understand : It was a clever little scheme ; for now, without fear of any mistake, Miss Zembra would be seated next him, and on his right hand also ; and there awaiting her was the bouquet he had himself designed for her, while Mrs. Wygram, instead of being annoyed at not finding herself in the place (if honour, considered herself promoted to the position of mistress of the feast. Janie Wygram smiled to herself, but said nothing; and with a light heart Walter Lindsay went away to summon his other guests from the studio. It was a pretty scene at that supper-table when they had all come in and taken their places—the shining silver and the Venetian glass ; the shaded caudles Bhodding a soft roseate glow on the cover ; the abundant flowers ; the baskets of fruit; tho faces of tho young men and maidens growing blither as the talk became more and more animated. And if there was a trifle too much noise in the neighbourhood of the black-a-vised bari toue—who was telling very, very old stories in half-intolligible English, aud laughing boisterously at the same—well, that was all the more convenient for any of the quieter folk, who perhaps had their own little sen tences (timid, aud hesitating, and hardly daring to say all that might be said) to com municate to each other in their small, separate sets. Walter Lindsay was not sorry to bo able to murmur a word or two unheard by the general crowd ; even if there was no particular secrot to be convoyed, it was something that lie could speak to Sabina, as it were, alone. And then she was looking so beautiful this evening—so calm, aud bland, and complaisant ; and the gracious outline of her nock, as she bent for ward a little to listen, was something to steal one's heart away. Her stepmother had said she was a dowdy in her dress. Well, on ordinary busy days she generally wore a tight-fitting gown of brownish-grey home spun, with a jacket to match ; and her brown felt bonnet svas serviceable enough ; and if you had met her in Kensington High street, or in Cromwell-road, you would have thought little of the costumo, though perhaps her stature, and her gait, and the set of her head might havo at tracted a brief notice. But to-night there was naturally something different. She wore a dress of pale blue Indian silk, with a richu of faintly yellow lace coining round the. neck and bosom ; and for solo ornamont, where the.fichu met the gown, there was a buuch of real forget-me- nots. Walter Lindsay looked at these from time to time. What falcon would he not have sacrificed to gain possession of any one of them 1 And yet he had a little score to settle with her. If any other person had told him that lie had a shaky hand, he would not have heeded much ; besides such was r.ot the case, for, although hn had the artist's tempera ment, and was exceedingly sensitive in many ways, his nerves were as sound an a bell. But that Sabina should have taunted him was too bad ; and her reference to the Arts Club ! ' Miss Zembra,' ho made bold to say (but still in that undertone that ho seemed to prefer), ' what did you mean by saying that my hand shook 1 ' Did I ?' she said, and she looked up. And then something in his manner appeared to amuse h,er. ' If I hurt your feelings I am very sorry. ' What did you mean by top n)UQh Arts Club at midnight ?' said ho for he was determined to clear himself of the charge. | ' I am an hospital nurse on oo Siion,' she . said, laughing. ' I suppose 1 spoke pro fessionally. But really 1 did not mean any thing serious, Mr. Lindsay—oh, of course not. ' Oh, but I'm going to have it out with you,' said he. ' I want just to see whether you or I have the steadier hand ' No, no; if 1 apologise to you ' But I want to see. Now just you lift your wine-glass and I will hold up mine, and 'we will see who can let them come closest without actually touching. Well, alio was good-natured ; they went through that little performance; and cer tainly both their hands now seemed steady .enough,, ' Can I do more than apologise?' she said as she put down her glass again. I did not mean to offend you. ' Offend mo!' He looked at her ; that was all. Meanwhile, the robustbaritonehad chanced to catch sight of that of raising of glasses, and imagining that it was merely tho revival of an old custom he set to work at his end of tho table, and presently there was a good deal of drinking of healths and clinking of glasses, with even an occasional Stosst a n!—setzt an:—-fcrthj!—los. It was in the midst of this hubbub of chatter and merriment that Mrs. Wygram found an opportunity of saying to her daughter, who happened to sit next her, ' Janie, don't look up the table, but do you know what is going on? I can toll you. Are you awaro that your darling Sabina is show ing herself as nothing else than an outrageous flirt? ' Slio is not mother?' Janie said, indig nantly. ' She doesn't know what flirtation is! ' It is a remarkable good imitation of it thou,-that is going- on* up there,' said the little old lady, still with her eyes cast down. ' I've never seen anything worse anywhere. Why, Mr Lindsay has not saifl a word to'a soul since we sat down' to supper; he has eyes and ears for nobotly but her! ' And whose fault is that?' said Janie, 'that is hia fault, not hers. Of course, she is kind to him, as she would be to anyone sitting in his place. It's little you knew about Sabie if you think that of her. ' I can use my eyes,' said Mrs. Wygram, • and they're older than yours, my girl: ' You know you're only saying that to vex me, mother, and you can't do it. No, you can't ; I know Sabie bettor than that. ; ' At all events,' tho mother said, to close this underhand discussion, at all events Mr. Lindsay is having ono happy evening in his life. Nor was Mrs. Wygram the only one who was casually observant of what wa3 going ou at the upper end of the table. A tall, rathergood looking fellow—a recently elected, Associate he was, and very proud of his uew honours—said to his neighbour, who was a lively little maiden with, a roseate face, a piquant nose, and raven-black hair:— ' Who is the lady of the forget-me-nots? ' She glanced up the table. ' Oh, don't you know? That is Miss-Zimbra — a daughter of Sir Anthony Zembra—-the Parliament man, don't you know? Pretty isn't she? ' How long have Walter Lindsay and she known each other?' ho askpd. There was some kind of significance in his tone ' Oh, they'vo known each other for some time ? ' I believe so. ' ' Oh, they've known each other for some time ? What did ho mean by this repetition ? What ho was trying to do, at all events, was to get his companion to raise her eyes to his, to aak what his meaning was ; but she was a shrewd little lass, and knew better than to be drawn into any sucii understanding. ' Well, I suppose it's none of my business,' he said, finally ; and that was a very sensible conclusion. And now did Walter Lindsay •call down tho blessings of heaven ou Borella's wildly matted head ; for tho noisy baritone had taken to performing conjuring tricks, and the attention of evoryone at tho- table was dirocted towards him. And Sabina wished to look on also, for she loved amusement as well as anyono, when the chance was there ; but her companion would not let her. He was sure she had had no supper at all. A little more wine, then ? for she seemed to like the perfume of that golden-clear vino di Capri. Ho was so . sorry she had had no supper. It was a shame that sho had come to liis hoiisa merely to bo starved ; perhaps she would never come again, after such treatment? Some fruit, then, just to show that she had not boon quite neglected ? Not a slice of pine-apple, nor half-a-dozen grapes oven 1 Some strawberries, then ? ' Grapes and strawberries in the middle of March ?' she said, with a smile. ' Really, it is perfectly wicked. And then there was on his lips some wild reference to Ser Federigo's envied happiness iu the destruction of his falcon ; but for tunately he did not go so far ; he contented himself with ongrossing hor attention so that sho could not seo any of the conjuring ; and ho would have her toll him moro of her expe riences among tho mudlarks down Lambeth way. Were they all so cynical ? And not »o grateful to her as they might be ? Was sho not afraid of having hor pocket pickod ? And that ono of them who was her champion and chief confidant—could be found out now, by a strangor. Would ho like to have a good, substantial, midday dinnor given him, and thereafter a boat that he might sail on the ponds iu Battorsoa Park, suppos ing that such an amusement were per mitted ? Well, Sabiua had a goncrous faculty of being pleased with whomsoever was talking to her for tho moment ; and he was her host, moreover; and all the others were occupied with their own aflairs ; so she had leisure to tell him about these and other tilings. And ever the glamour of her clear soft hazel eyes, was working him further and further woe. Her rounded white arms wore near him ; the dimple in her cheek showed when she laughed ; her beautiful brown hair was still more beautiful in tho softened light. But these things wero as nothing. It was her eyes ho sought ; and these wero bo friendly, and pleased, and benignant that who would havo accuied them of working him woe? Nor did he care. Ho drank the sweet madness, tho fell poison, without stint, and recklessly, and joyously ; this night was to bo at least one happy night in his life ; lie had Sabie all to himsolf—and ho was drinking in her pleased glances and her smiles as if they wore strong wine ; the years to come, whatever there might bo in them, could never deprive him of that gold and-roso tinted memory. At length the conjurir.g came to an end ; and it was Herr Borella himsolf who suggested that they should go away into tho studio to havo a little music ; he had to leave soon, he explained. And then there was a fetching of wraps for the women folk : and somehow Walter Lindsay managed to secure Sabina's long fur cloak ; and ho it was who put it round her shoulders, and would even insist that it was properly fastened at tho throat, for tho night wascold. When they went outside into the baok garden, at tho further end of which was the studio, they found that tho night skies had grown cloarer, and stars were shining palely overhead. Sabina thought of the dark early morning in East London ; and of hor crossing from tho nurse's dormitory to the wards ; she was a little grave as the ghost-like procession passed along from tho hou3o, through this weird gloorn, to the yellow light of tho Btudio-door. All within there, however, was brightness; the gases and candles lit; the firo burning briskly ; the piano open ; plenty of music scattered everywhere, Thp gre&t; barjtono not to work at onco ; ho was frank enough, tie sang them ' 0 du, mein holder Abendstern' from • Tannhauser'—a young Jady in spectacles accompanying him ; and tlitn he himself sat down at the piano, and sang— " Forn in die Weit, Weit, weit von dir, Strohlet del" Bild Tief, tief in mir." One would scarcely have expected a man who had been so boisterous and uproarious at supper to sing with so much feeling ; but the quality of his art was very tine indeed ; more thau one young woman thero was rather lumpy about tho throat when ho finished. Then, after he lmd sung one or two more things, and bade such as ho know good-night, and lit a big cigar, and gone away, the young folks began on their own account ; and as there happened to be lyiug open a volume of old-fashioned glees and madrigals and duets, thoy were soon in. the midst of these. It was a careless, happy-go-lucky series 'of per formances ; when they broke down, they turned over the page to the next one j some times a newcomer would stroll along and give them a helping hand. But the young lady in spectacles knew her business, at 4II events ; and so in one way or another they got along with laughter and jests thrown in. Now it was 1 Foresters, sound the, cheerful horn,'or ' The chough and .crow.' to; roost are gone,* or 1 Hark, the bonny Christ Church bells,' or ' Here's a health to all good lasses,'and again it was 1 Chloe.found Aniyntas lying," or ' " Sigh 110 more, ladies; ladies, sigh no more, Men were deceivers ever." All this while Walter Liudsay was, seated on.ii sofa with Sabina as his sole companion. On coming into the studio lie had perforce paid.a little attention, to his other guests ; but onca he had • got them fairly started on this occupation .lie had gone back to her4— how could he help it? And Sabiha sat arid listened, her hands folded, her eyes pleased; she had the air of one looking' 011, rathjjr than of one participating ; but, surely it was with no unkindly rega.d. ! ' How pretty that is 1' she said,' rather wistfully, ou one occasion... • The tall young Associate was at the piano and it 'was'his neighbour at supper who had now taken the place of the spectacled young lady ; and he was bending over tho accom panist, so that their heads were very noar to gether—his a fair chesnut brown,, hers raven black. And they, were singing—with a care less bass thrown iu by a gentleman standing opposite the fire:— " Tell me shepherds, have you seen : My Flora pass this -way.'" ' ' Yes, it is a pretty' air,' Walter Lindsay said. , •Ah, but I did not mean that,' Sabina said, in hey low voice. ' It, is . the picture that looks so pretty—the two young people I together—and singing , , And why, asked Lindsay of himself, should she look and speak so wistfully:? Was plie not herself young and more beauti ful than any ? Was she to be for ever a spectator ? Did she regard herself as 'one cut off from the amusements, tho associations, .the hopes of young people 7 And where-was the need of any such sacrifice ? TeU me, warbled the young lady at the piano—Tell met roared the basso at the fire place1—shepherds have you seen, struck in tho young Associate, who had a very fair tenor voice; but Lindsay did not heed them ; he was thiuking of Sabina, and of her way of life, aud of her future. And if he was bold enough to consider how easy it would be for her to give him one of those forget-me nots? Well, if that wild fancy crossed his j mind, it was but for a moment. He was far away from that; and ho knew it. But why should lie fret? Sabina was here, and by his side; and she was bland and smiiing and kind aud ever he drank fresh draughts of bewil dering gladness and madness from the shining beauty of her eyes. By this time tho black-haired maiden at tiie piano had had enough of duets aud gleos. . : . / . " Go and get up a dance,' she said, in her I imperative way to her companion; and as the young paiuter dutifully obeyed she began to play the slowand gracious music of a minuet. However, it was no minuet that was in the young lady's mind.. She only wished in that way to introduce tho idea of dancing. As soon as the easels and chairs, and couches had been removed, and the young men were choosing their partners, she started oil with ' Sir Roger de Coverley,' and that at a rat tling pace. ' Wiil you join them!' Walter Lindsay said to his companion, '1 think.I would rather look on,' Sabina answered. 1 Then give me the dance, and we will sit it out together,' said ho. She nodded and smiled; that was more to her liking. ' Will you give me them all on the same terms?' said he, quickly. ' I don't wish to dance. But she did not answer this; she was look ing with interest at the formation of tho two long lines. And so Lindsay and this fell enchantress wero loft together again; and as tho wild romp in the middle of the floor went 011, he was tolling her all about his work and his ■ plans for tho summer (in answer to her ques tions, of course), and ho was describing to her the secret sylvan haunts ho knew; and the remote little inns he stayed at, and ho forth; and as all this naturally led up to his drawings and sketches, I10 took hor away into a corner to show her a big portfolio of 1 those. And ineanwhilo he was f irming a dark design in his brain. W'hon the ' Sir linger du I Coverley' ended, ho withdrew from hor aide fur a moment. I 'Percy,' he said to tho tall young painter, ' got up a cotillion. j ' Don't know how. ' Oh, yes you do,' was tho hurried rejoin | der. 1 Anybody will show you. Do, like a good fellow—and look sharp! And then ho was back at her side again. Uow in the corner whore tho portfolio was, thero stood a triangular Chippendale cabinet filled with various kinds of bric-a-brac; and amongst these—and tho <;eni of tho collection —-wa3 a small chalice of rock-crystal, elabo rately studded round with uncut stones of diverse colors. In itself it was a most beau tiful thing; besides which it was obviously of groat age and value. Sabina was look in at these s'lolves, with a woman's curiosity. ' D.v you know what that danco is? ho asked of her. She glanced over hor shoulder, carelessly. 'No! ' It is a cotillion,' said he, rather breath lessly. ' And you gave it to me, you know. ' Did 1? said she, with something of an amused look; what could it matter whether she had made this moless promise or not? ' Oh, yes, you did,' he said, eager])'. ' Wo are in it, if wo choose. And do you know what tho peculiarity of this danco is?—that you are allowed to make your partnora little present. Oh, I assuro you it is so—and— and this is what I want you to accept from mo. Ho opened the cabinet, and took out the I jewol-bestudded wine-cup. Sabina rather shrank back. • Oh, 110, oh, 110,' she said. ' You are very kind—but—but I have no place to keep such things—besides, I could not take it—Mr. Lindsay, please bo kind enough not to ask me. Her eyes wore earnest; and they could make him do anything. But I10 was unsatis fied, and anxious, and a little bit reckless, perhaps. ' Then if you will not take, will you give?' he made bold to say, but under his breath. ' Miss Janio says that is more in your way. And if I ask a favour of you. You will take this little cup ; well, you could mako it ' thirty times more valuable to mo if you I would drink something out of it. Will you? | She looked surprised, but not otiended ; | she did not quite understand. ' Why, what dilference will that make ? she said. But boforo she had finished the words he liad gone away, over to a little buffet that Mrs. Wygrara was improvising for the dancers, and the next moment he had returned with a bottle of wine in his hand. Ho poured a little of the foaming fluid into tho chalice, and otlered it to her. ' Is it a ceremony 1' Sabiua asked, with a smile, and she took the chalice from hiin. 'Yes, it is part of the dance,' lie answered glad of any excuse that would obtain for him this gracious favour. . ' Do I say anything 1 Do I wish anything Sabina asked. • '.I will . do .the wishing,'' ho answered quickly ; and she raised the wine cup to her lips, and drank a little and then gave it back to him. He could only look his thanks. Mrs. Wygram's eyes had 1 followed him across the room. ' And what do you think of Sibie now ?' she exclaimed to her daughter, who wa3 assisting her. . .v;ii't>v: , '■ Just tho same as ever—why ? was Janie's answer. ' You did not see what she did just now 1 i JJ0r , t ' ' '• ; ' Well, Uien. rn tell you ; she .drank out of that crystaLwine cup, just to please him, I suppose, and he put it 'back' ill1 'the- cab inet ! 'And why shouldn't'BhoSVsaid.TJanie, bravely. : To please liim ?—very .well. She 'would do that or anything else to'please any man, woman or child'who happened -to be thero. Mother, what has set you all of .a sudden againstfSabie ? You know it's just her universal kindness. I ' Kindness !' said the mother, with .a gentle sarcasm. ' Perhaps it is. But , I have nover seen a more aboniiuablo.piece of flirtatioii in all niy born days.' And with that she went to bid the inodel-butler bring somo more lemonade and seltzer water ; for the young lady at the piano had begun to play a wild Highland schottische, aucVMrs. Wygra.ni had enough experience of these scratch parties to know what that meant. They kept up the merry-making to a very early hour indeed ; but after Sabina and the Wygrams had taken their departure, Lindsay did not suem to heed much what was going forward. And at last ho was left alone—in this big studio—with the disjecta membra of the revels all around him ; and he sate hiin down to think over everything that had happened during that eventful evening, even to the smallest details wherever Sabiua had been concerned. And so Ser Federigo had not sacrificed his falcon, after all—though his offer of tho jewelled chalice was a little tentative effort in that direction. No; so far from .his being poorer by lier coming to his house he was ever so much tho richer ; that was like Sabina, as the faithful Janie would have maintained. The whole of this big studio seemed saturated with tho charm and wonder of hbr presence. Here she had sate, her hands folded in hor lap, talking to him in her softly-modulated voico ; thero she had stood, her beautiful neck bent over the drawings and sketches, her praise and ad miration frank and ready enough ; it was by the side of the easel she had taken the wine cup—now a hundred times more prec ous to him than it had been before—in her gentle hand, and raised it, and touched the rim with her proudly-cut lips, and given it him back with so gracious a smile. Ho wa3 be ginning to understand hor now. If you said 1 Take !' hor answer was ' No'; if you said.'Give !'her answer was 'Yes.' But all through these visions and recalling of visions it was her oyos that chiefly he saw ; and they were regarding him somehow ; aud always they wore pleased, and generous, and benignant towards him. He made no effort to banish the memory of that look. (To l>e Continued.) 