FATHER M'GLYNN AND PAPAL AFFAIRS. A great public meeting was held in New York on Sunday, July 10, at which Father M'Glynn defied the Papsl excommunication, and said :-" I learned, under the very shadow of the Vatican. that the man who sins against his conscience nine against the Holy Ghost, and if any power on earth, even though it be him who sits enthroned in the Vatican, commands a man to do or say aught against his conscience, to obey even that power, were to sin against the Holy Ghost. If it were in their power as it was once thank God it is no longer-they would imprison the truth in dungeons end martyr it at the stake in the persons of those who, through no fault of theirown, read God's truth in the facts of society, in the strata of the earth, and upon the skies. It is a notorious fact that religion is vanishing in every part of the world. Men are being alienated from the Church, particularly from the Catholic Church. Nowhere is the Church more hated than in the so-called Catholic countries. The effort to obtain a Papal re presentative at Washington in quite in keeping with the same policy that has led the Pope to send two Italian prelates to Ireland. An English noodle of a Catholic lord, the Earl of Denbigh-and you may always mistrust English Catholics., especially an English Catholic earl, to outdo any Protestant in hb hatred of Catholic Ireland-says that the Pope to.d him not merely of his great esteem and affection for England, which is well enough, but of his great de sire to be of nese to England. Of course he could be of great use to England if poor Paddy would be sub missive and obey the Pope's bidding in political matters. Why, an alliance between the Pope and the English capitalists would be worth millions to the latter. It would he money in their pockets if they were to hbuy the Italian prelates of the Pope even at £100 0D0 a head. The best way to get any thing from the Rom ao machine is to show your teeth rather than he ton humble. Prince Bismarck and the Czar understand thea. The Pope is de lighted at a little concession from them. The Pope has actually fallen in love with Prince Bismarek. Prince Bismarck is flirting a little with the Pope. They have got as far as exchanging pictures. Men who have fought for Catholicism have been slapped in the face by the Pope to please Prines Bismarck. So long as the Catholics let the Roman machine of which the Pope is the mere puppet do this, that machine will use Paddy in Ireland and the German Paddy and American Paddy as pawns on the political chess-board, to be sold out at any time for what it can get in return." 