lADY DENTON'^ LOVE'IS. BY ATHA. CHAPTER I. it is just likely you would be diBappointcl it jou tried to find " Bay View" in the Sjuth Australian Directory. Nevertheless it is a real live township, wi:h a considerably greater number of trees within its municipal boundary than inhabitants. The latter, it inav be stated, are Conservative to a man, and aa for the women, well—they obey their huabiude, and do not care for politics. They do not go in for railways either, the iron horse has not snorted through their primitive EcUn. The rambling old mail coach still weuae its slow way to the door of the Biy View Hotel every evening at 7.30 p.m. Ou this chilly night ia June the old vehicle wended its way to the hotel with the anils and one passenger. 1'eter Greyson, the landlord—a personage as round as he was high—stood at bis door, with his fat hands plunged up to his elbows in his pockets, and smiled graciously upon the new comer as he alighted. He was <i man of 35, or thereabouts, tall and muscular, well preserved, with a fiae handsome face, and a disposition to take things quietly; yet there was a dormant devil lurking in the corners of the month, wtrich plainly indicated dogged perseverance and determination if fairly aroused. " Hallo ! Mr. Holgrove. is that really you, sir!" cried old Peter, wringing the stranger by the hand. " Glad to see yon, indeed, pray step inside. Lord, it's a long time since you were last seen up here. " The new-comer divested himself of his overcoat, and went into an inner room, where the landlord's wife was laying the table for dinner. "* Well, Greyson, and how are all the people in this neighbourhood, eh ?'' he said, seating himself betore the fire. " All well and hearty, sir. I suppose you are come on a visit to the Colonel, sir ?" " Vee! I intend to stay a month. I havn't had a holiday these three vears. Ho w are the people at the ' D9li" "Ah, sir, there be several visitors there," cried the landlord. " Humph! Any one I know ?" " Young Master Frederick is there, and " " What ? my nephew !" interrupted the other, " the young rogue does well to make the moat of the vacation. Of coarse he drops in to see you? "Aye, marry, sir, he's a wild young blaie is Master Raymond. The Colonel's horse3 will not want exercise while he's here, I'll warrant. My Lady Denton and he are " " Lady Denton ! is ehe here ?" interrupted Jack Holgrove, bachelor, of the firm of Holgrove, Brooks, & Son, woolbrokers, &:., betrayed out of his usual cool and quiet manner. " Lady Denton has been at the ' Dall* ail the winter," rejoined the landlord slyly. " And such a charming dear she is," chimed in Mrs. Greyson, making her bow to the traveller. " The old house is not like the same place since she came back again to it. Why, it only seems like last week that she went avray a mere slip of « slim girl, to be married to that old rich hunks, Sir John Denton, who took her for a trip to the old country, and there died, and left her all his money." Thegood hostess had no need to remind Jack Holgrove of the circumstance. Colonel HampGeld was poor, with only one daughter —proud, ambitions, beautifnL Hid Blanche Hampfield been a man she would undoubtedly have mounted the ladder of fame in some way or other, but being only a woman, she married the wealthiest man in the market, and so became possessed of a quarter of a million of money, in her own right, with the title of " My Lady." In his quiet fashion he had gone so far as to ask her to be fais wife, but she had laughed at him and had answered him that she was too extravagant, that she would ruin him In a twelvemonth, that he was too slow for her, &c.; So she went her way. When Lady Denton returned from her grand tour she had appeared tc favour her former lover; but her whim again changed suddenly, and Jack had left her in wonder, and thoroughly convinced that she was only a coquette. " As I was saying, sir, the old place has not been the same since her return from Tasmania, where she was staying all last summer. The pcor dear old Colonel has been compelled to invite folks from far and near, and she has been as gay as the gayest. She shoots, she rides, she leaps fences and logs—that's a caution to those who happen to be oat .with her, and especially to that straight, tall, gumtree, Captain Vandome." " Who is Captain Vandome ? pray." "Bless you, have you not heard of the Captain?" "Certainly not, the pleasure is to come, Mrs. Grey son." "And it will be a pleasure, sir, for he's such a fine handsome gentleman. He was in the Life Guards, or something that way, in London, you know, and knows the Colonel and a host of tip-top people in the colony. He came out for the Rood of his health." "Oh! And he accompanies Lady Denton in her rides ?" " Just so, sir, though we can see he is no horseman. He has been here off and on for abont four months. Her Ladyship can't stir bat he's at her heels." " 1s Captain Vandome a young man ?" " Well, about your own age, sir, and that's young enough lor any lady," cried the hostess. "Thank yon, on behalf of myself and Captain Vandome." "Don't mention it, sir, you'll find the Captain quite at home at the " Dell.'" " At home, Mrs. Greyson?" "Surely, sir, there is nothing very surprising in that V answered the landlady with a shrewd look. Colonial Hampstead is getting old. If this Captain Vandome marries his daughter, as everybody says he will, would it not be as well for them all to reside together at the ' Dell,' I'm sure the heme is big enough." Holgrove bit his lips. " Oh, certainly, besides it would be more economical," he said with a smile. " I trust you will dine with UB, sir," said the hottess, it is some distance to the ' Dell' and you might lose your way." " Thank you, I am well- acquaiated with the track," he replied. " Take care of my l>ag, I will send for it in the morning." " Don't trouble about that, sir, Ned shall send it on." " Thai.k you, madam," and " good-nisiht," he replied, and was gone. Jack Holgrove left the high road, and entered the scrub by a footpath he appeared to be familiar with. After walking some considerable time, he turned, without hesitating, to the left, which soon conducted him clear of the trees into an open glade, bounded on one side by a large running creek, and a fence which formed the enclosure to Colonel HamnSeld's grounds, or the " Dell," by which name the place was best known. Holgrove pursued a path bordering the fence, until he came to a spot resembling an old quarry. The walls round this darksome hole were steep and overgrown with low stunted brushwood. From the centre rose the wide-spreading branches of a magnificent bluegum, and at its feet a mouldering heap, weed grown, and snrmonnted by a rude wooden cross. The wayfarer knew very well that the cross and the heap of stones formed the tomb of Jack Boomerang, the bushranger. Thirty years ago this bravado, sleeping so peacefully here beneath the gamtree, was the terror of the surrounding district. There were few settlers at Bay V iew, and fewer police to protect them. The bushranger had sent notice to the Colonel that he was going to visit him, and the Colonel, wishing to show all courtesy to his guest, went out to meet him pistol in hand. The pair met on the spot of this old quarry, and the officer had shot his man dead. The body of Boomerang, although buried where he fell, still came forth to visit "the glimpses of the moon," and to scare away from the ugly spot every inhabitant of Bay View, old or young valiant or otherwise. It was known as the Bushranger's Hole, and he was accounted a brave felloyr indeed who would dare go inside it? precincts after dirk. The traveller walked cautiously along the rough uneven ground, then paused and stood a moment in contemplation. Since leaving the hotel, the moon had risen, and now cast a flood of light on every object aroand, even to the black shadows of the sombre trees, and the rippling creek. As Holgrove stood looking below, he fancied he saw something moving on the slope of the ground which rounded into the little dell. He had not been deceived, for presently^ as he stood looking, he saw a thing which might have caused a man whose nerves had not Deen as firm as iron to quake wich pardonable fear. Mortal, spectre, or demon, perchance, this extraordinary personage was enveloped in a long crimson robe, with tassels dangling in front, and slippers on his feet, which made <um appear to glide noiselessly over the ground rather than walk. Ghost or man, he came jauntily along with a quick swinging pace, and hamming an opera air. He no sooner emerced into the open glade, however, than he panted and uttered a short half-stifled cry. Holgrove, less frightened than surprised at this sudden apparition, stood still, and waited in silence to see what he would do. He could see him very plainly, for his white pallid face was turned upward towards himself. and it appeared to our traveller that had the bushranger started out of his grave his face could not have been more ghastly. It was curious how this moving figure glided towards Holgrove so swifty, considering the broken nature of the ground between tiietn. Wbea he had come within a few feet of Jack, he satnk dowu on liia f ice befor-; tit'.n, and cried out in a suftocAted t^uj— " Rest in peace'." Holgrove felt inclined to lau^h o-itri^iit, but at same moment he noticed tiie red-rooed phantom fall backwards like aa iuert misa. He darted forward, the mysterious beia^ lay on the grass in a tjint. "Come, what's all this nonsense about?'' cried Jack roughly, and giving his £ko3t*iii|> a good shaking, " Get up, sir :" Avaunt, spirit," murmured the lips of the fainting one. with a shudder. Jack Holgrove lifted the hilt-aemelesa form in his arms, and carried iiim further into the fall beams of the nioou, aud disclosed features aimost feminine in their fair and regular beauty. "Confound the boy. why- it's my nephew, the scapegrace," cried Jack. "Takeauy shape but that, aud I'll again murmured the boy. " What is the matter with you, sir. Hive you taken leave of your seuses, eh :' Stand up, sir." " Hence, horrible shadow.'' " Humph : This is beginning to be lively," muttered Jack in his turn. " The boy has taken me for the ghost of the defuuet robhar, I verily believe. What the dickens brings him here, and in his dressing-robs and slippers ? Lady Denton has been persuading the poor lad to take wine, I'll lay a thousand. Too bad, upon my life. Here, Fred, stand up, you young dog. I'm your uncle Jack." " Rest in peace, departed oue," muttered the youth, again unclosing his eyes, with a shuddei. _ Jack laid his burden on the turf, and ran down to the creek. Filling his oelltopper with a good supply of the ice-cold liquid he quickly returned, aud save his erratic nephew the full benefit of it. The boy was not proof against such a sudden shock, bnt started to his feet in a moment, ana stared about him. "Well?" cried the uncle, contemplating him. " I thought you were the •" be^an Master Fred. "Oh, you did, eh': Pray what are you doing here ?" " Nothing, sir !" " Of course, and you find it very easy to do it, don't you V " My dear uncle, I'm glad to see you !" " Indeed, sir':'' " Very glad indeed. When did you arrive in Bay View Jack Holgrove burst out laughing. " Ah, nephew, I see you are becoming yourself again. Tell me what caused you to faint just now ?" " The heat, I suppose, uncle."' " What, heat in June ?" "No, no, the cold, I mean." " Or the bushranger's ghost, eh ? Haha! ha ! what a fright you got." "Sir, cowards are frightened, I am no coward,'' responded the boy, clenching his fiBts. "Stuff; why not acknowledge it, Fred? The greatest heroes are not exempt from fear, and it is only boasters who pretend they are never frightened. But now that you have recovered from your panic, will you explain why I found you here at this hour, and in your dressing-gown ?" 