JACK. fCOSCU'DKD.) When Jack stepped off tbe Destiny, at Zepbauiah Salt and Co.'s wharf at Fairharbor, after that voyage, clean, pale, good-natured, and sober, thinking that he would gel shnveu before he hurried home to Teen, and wishing bo could pay the grocer's bill upon the war, ana tniuKing that in dctauit ol tnie, he would start an account at tbe market, and carry her a chop or a sauflago, in fact think ing About her with an Absorption which re- eerahl.)d consideration, if not affection— suddenly, be caught her name upon the wharves. It may have been esid of accident, or of tho devil— God knew ; they may have bpen too drurk to notice Jack at the first, or they may have seen and scented from-afar the bad blood they itirred, like the hounds they were. It will nrv«r be told. The scandal of these places ie incredibly barbarous ; but it is leis than the barbarity of drinking men to a mau who strikes out from among them, selves, and fight for his respectability. The words were few— thej are not for ne —bat they wero enough to do the deed. Jack was quite sober. lie understood. They assailed (he honour of his home, the truth of hie wifo ; they hurled her past nt her and at himself; thoy derided the trust which he hd in her in absence ; they sneered at the ro formed man' whose domestic prospects were— as they wero ; they exulted over him witn tne exultation in the sight ol ins navoc wrought, which is tho most inexplicable im pu'se of evil. Everybody knew hdw hot-blooded Jack wut : and when tho fury rushed red over his face painted grey by abstinence, there whs a smart scattering upon tbe wharves. His h ' cluppod to his pookets' ; hut his was an "Hi, cheap, rusty pistol (he had swapped a Bible and his t awls for it once, upou a spree, and got cheated); Upheld but one cartridge, and his wrist shook. The Bhot went sputtering into tho water, and no harm camo of it. Jack jammed the pistol back Into his pocket ; be glared about him madly, but had his glare for his pains ; the' men were afraid of him; he was atone upon the wharf It can hardly bo said that he hesitated. Would that it could. Having to himself— head down, hands clenched, feet stumbling like a blind man's— the fisherman sank into the first open door he staggered by, as u seiner pierced by an invisible swordfUh sinks into the sea. He hud fifteen such places to pas before he reached hi house. His chnnces wero— as they were— at best. He drunk for half an hour— an hour— a half more— camo out, and went Btraight homo. It was now night of a February day. It had not been a very cold day ; 11 Hghi, clean now had Mien, which was thawing gently- Jack, looking dimly on thro'ugb his craze, saw the light of his half of the grey cottage shining ahead ; ho perceived that the frost was rnehtd from the windows, The warm colon - cumo quietly down to meet him across ti 0 fresh snow ; ithad to him in his delirium nn look of a woman's eyes when they aro 'rue, Mid loan out of her love to greet a man, lie did not put thiB. to 1)1 rue elf in these words, hut ouly said : ' Them lamps look liko she used to— curse her 1 and ho wont hurtling on. lie dashed up against the house, as a bow sprit dashes on tho rook", took one mad look through tho unfro»ted window, below the half-drawn curtain and flung himself against tho door, and in. Ilis wife sat there in the great rocking- chair, leaning back ; she bad a pill w behind her and her feet on tho unit-fifth box which he had covered over to mako i a cricket for her, when they were first married. She looked pale And pretty, — v«ry pretty. She was talking to a visitor who nut upou the lounge beside her. It was a man. Now, Juck knew this man- well; it was an old rnessMuate ; he had sworn off, a year ago, and they hud gone different ways ; ho uved to bo a rough fellow ; but people s.»id no'-v you wouldn't know him. 1 1 ain't so drunk but I sub whoyou be, Jim,1 bevauthe husband darkly ; 'I'll settle with y n anothyr day. I've got that to. say to my wife I'd vay better if we miseed your compauy. heave us by ourselves !' 1 Look hero, Jack,' Jim flashed good hn mouredly, /you're drunk, you know. She'll t»U you what I, come for. You ask her. Sr<ein' she wasn't right,' smart— and there's thain aB snjs she lacked for victuuU — my wife sent me over'bero with a bowl of cran berry sabs, vo bolp tne Heaven.' ' I'll kill you socuo other evoniu'. Leave us he !' cried Jack , . n 'V® settih' and falkin' about the Club when you come in,' objected Jini, with thopationco of an old friend. . Wo was ivoi.deiiu'if we couldn't get you to sign. Jack Ask her if we wasn't, Come, now ! I woubin't make a fool .of myself if I was you, Jack. Sec there. vYou've ,set her to cry in already.. And she alii't right, smnrl.' ' Clear out of my house !' thuudered, Jack. ' L-ave us be by ourselves 1' 'I don't know a' I'd ought to,' hesitated J lui. I Louvo na be ! or I won't leave //on he a minute longer I Ain't it my house ? Gnr out of itl' ' 1 1 is, tha»'s a fact,' admitted the visitor, looking perplexed ; ! but I declare to Jupiter I don't know's I'd oughter leave it. the way things look ilavo your senves, Jack, my boy ! ttnve your senses I She ain't right Smart.' UiH with thia Jack sprang upon him, and tbo wifo cried out between them, for tho lovo of meroy, that murder would he done. ' Leave us be V she pleaded, Bobbing. ' Nuthiti' nlsQ won't', pacify Mm. Go, Jim, go, and shut the door, and thank her, for the cranberry _ sarso was very kind of. her, and for my huBbaiid's nuke don't tell nobody ho wasn't kind to uie There. That's right. There.' She sank back into the rocking-chair, for she was feeble still ; and looked gently up into tier husband's face. All the tones of her ugiutnd voice had changed, She epuk- very low, and calmly ; as if she gathered h«r breath for the first stage of a Mtugglo whose nature she solemnly under stood. 8lie had grown exceedingly pale. ' Ji:kf dear V softly. < 'I'll kive ye time,' he answered with an ominous quiet. 'Tell yer story first. Out with it!' ; . I I haven't got nothiu' io tell, Jack. ITa brought tbe cranberry earse, for his wife took care of mo, and she .whh very kind. And he SM a littlo and we win talkiu' about the c'uo. jiHt a he says we was. -It'o Mother; Mary's club, Juck. She's made Jim •secre tary, and she wa»»ted you to join,-, for I told h«r you'd reformed. Oh, Jack, I told her you .1 reformed I— Jack, Jack 1 Oh, -Jack 1 What are you going to do to rrie. .What makes jou look like that?— Jack, Jack, Jack?' . ; 'Stand up here,' he rAved. He was past reason, and she saw it; he tore off his coat trad pushed up his sleeves from his tatooed arms. . , ' You've played mo false, I say. ; I- trusted ye, and you've tricked tne. I'll teach ye to he the talk upon the wharves, another time wh-n I get in from Georges'.'- She stood as he bade her, tottered and sank buck ; crawled up again, holding by tne wo'.denarmof the rock lug-chair, ahd'stretched one hand out to him, feebly: Sho'did nor. dare to touch him ; if she had: clung to him he would have throttl»d#her. When she baw him rolling up hi sleeves .hor -heart stood sti'l Ilut Teen though : 'I will not show him I'm afraid of him It - the on'y chance I've got.l Th poor g'rl looked up onco into his face and thought she Htnilod. - 'Jack ? Dear Jack V ' I'll teach )e. I'll teach yo !' 'Oh, wait a moment, Jack. For the love of ueav-ii— Hop a minute. I've been; that I 4hmJ IM ho to you, since we was married. I ve been an honest wife to you, my Imj, and there's nono on earth nor heaven as can look u»e in the eye and darst to say I haven't. I Hwnrc to je. upon the Hock of Ages, Mother Mary witnessing— why, Jack?' her voice sank to infinite sweetness, 'have ye forgotten? You ain't yourself, poor hny. You'll bn no sorry. I ain't very strong yet— you'd feel bad. if ynu shniild hit me— again. I'd hate to jiavuyou feel ho r»ad. Jack dear, don't. Go lo.ik in tho other room before -you Btrikt again Yo hain't aenn it yet. Jack, fur the love of turret— Jack, Juck.' -' Nay you've played mn false, and I'll stop ? I1 ulh and I'll quit Own tin to tn-, I say.' I can t own up to you, for I sworn you hy tii" Hock of Ages ; I swore y» I would he an honest wife You may pummel me to death but I il not lie away ihern word- I swore to F" ' by tliat, , . . Jack, for the love of Heaven, don eye, Jack Fur the way you used to feol to. roe., dear, dear Jack. For the sakh oi.'itia-nnDits.we had,' .... and you walked beeida.of me, to bury 'em Oh, f.»r God? sake.. . . Jack J; ... Oh, yon said you'd bejfc/«djto me . . Oh.yellbH ho sorry I For the l.ove of piry I . For the lovo of God I Not the pfjton Oh, for the Rook of — ' But there he struck her down. The butt end of tbe weapon was heavy 'enough to do the deed. He struok, - and then tiuog il away. Upon his bared arm, as it came crashing, the crucifix was epattorod red. He stood np stupidly and looked about the room. Tbe covers were off the kitchen stoto and the heart of the coals blazed out. Her yellow hair bad loosened as she fell, and ahone upon the floor. He remr mbered that she spoke about the other rootn, and said of something yonder, that ho hadn't seen it yet. Confusedly he wondered what it was. He stumbled in And stated about the bedroom. It was not verv tigbt thero, and it was some moments before he perceived tho cradle, standing straight across his way. The child waked as he hit the cradle, and began to cry, stretching out its hands He had forgotten;aU about the bAby. There had been so many. " ' You'd bettor get up, Teen,' he. said as he went out ; ' it cryin' after you.' Ho shut the door and staggered down the steps. He hesitated once, And thought he would go back and say to her : What's the no of layin' there T But he thought better, or worse, of it, and went his way. He went out And reshipped u» once, lingering only long enough to drink madly on the way, at a place he knew where he was sure to be let ulone. The men were afraid of Jook, when he was so far gone under an this. Nobody spoke to him. He went down to Suit Brothers wharf, opposite Salt and Co.'s, and found the Daredevil, just about to weigh. She was short by one hand, and took him as he was. Ho was surprised to find himself aboard when the next sun went down ; be bad turned in his bunk and was overheard to coll for Teen, ordering her to do some service for him, testily enough. Oh,' ho muttered, ' she nin't hero, Is she ? Be blasted if I ain't on tho Daredevil,' Ho was good for nothing, for a matter of days, and silent or sullen for the trip.. It had been a very heavy spree. He fell to, when he camo to himself, and fished desperately ; his luck turned, and he made money ; he made eeventy-five dollars. They were gone three week. They had a bitter voyage, for it wbb March. They striiok a gale at Georges', and another coming home. It snowed a great deal, and the rigging froze. The crow were uncommonly cold. They kept tbe et6wa>4 cooking briskly, and four or five hot meals a day wt-re not enough to keep one's oourage op They were particular about their cooking, a fishermen nre.and tbe steward of the Dare devil was famous in his calling. But it was conceded to ho unusually oold, even for March, at St. Georges'. One must keep the blond racing, somehow, for life's soke. Whinkfy flowed fast between meals. Jack was observed not to limit himself. ' It was for luck,' he said. Takeit through, it was a hard trip The sober men— there were some —looked grim and pinched ; the drinkers ugly. I It's a honnd's life,' said a dory-mate of Jack's one day His name was Rowe — Rowe Salt ; he wah a half-brother of Jim's. But Jim wriB ut home. And Teen, of course, was at home. Jack had not spoken of her ; he had thought of her— he bad thought of nothing else. God knows what those thoughts had been. When Kowe spoke to bim in this fashion,- Jack looked hard at him. ' I've been thiukin' ef it disobligato a feller,' hosaid. ? Hey ?' asked Rowe. ' If you was treated like folks ; but you ain't. You're froze You're souked. You're wrecked. Your nets is Btole. You're drove off in the fog. You're drowned, and you lose your trawls If yua ewear off, you roiflB your luck It's dirty abroad. Folks don't like the looks of yoii. There's ftlwers a hunker in the pit o' your stomick. When you got upon a tear you don'r. know what you— do to— folks ' . Jack stopped himself abruptly and leaned upon his our they were trawling, and the weather urew thick. ' Howe,' be said, Htaring off into the fog, ' did ye ever think we was iike fiahoa, us Fairharhor folks?' 'I don't know's I hev,' said the dory-mate, staring too ; ' Well, we he, I think. We live in it, and we're drowned in it, and we can't get out on't, — we can't get out We look like 'em too. I've thought abonti that. Sotne of us look like haddock. Yrfu've got the halibut look your self. Skipper, he's got the jib of a monk-fish, — yon ken'see it for yourself. There's a man I messed with, once, reminded me of a Bcnl- pin. I gueBS I'd pass for a lobster, myself— for colour,' an) how. We take it outeomewaye, each on us. Don't yo know the look the women folks have when they get old and have gone hungry ? You can tell by the build of a boy which way he'll turn out— halibut way. or hake, or mebhe mackerel if he's sleek ana little. It's a kind of a hirth-mark, I shouldn't wonder. There's no jgpttin' out ori't, no more'n it out of you. Sometimes I used to think-— — / /Good Lord 1' cried Jack. He laid down his oar again, and the dory wheeled to star board sharply. 'How© Salt, you look there I you tell mn if you see a. woman yonder on the water !' ' You've got the Jim-jams, Jack. Women folks don't walk at GeorgcB. I can't see uothin' nowhere, but it's thick as 1 It's thick as hell,', interrupted Jack, 'and there's a woman; wulkin' on the water. Lord 1 don't you see her? Lord 1 her hair in > ell- r hair, an' it's slreamiu' over her— don't you see her? She's wulkin' on this devilish log tpwarde the dory. Teen 1 Teen I T. en I There! Lord save tne, Itowe, if I d dn't n»e my wife come welkin' towards us, in settin' in this dory— Ili-i-igh I I'll swear off when I get home. I'll tell her so. I hate to n"n such things. 'You hco, Rowe,' Jack added presently— for he had not spoken after that, but had fallen grimly to work. It was ten below, and the wind was taking tho buck ward Bprittg for a bitter blow; both uisn, . tugging at their trawls through tho high and icy sea, were suffering too much to talk— 'ye see we hnd Homo words bofore I come on board, and she wum't right smart The baby can't be very old. I don't know .how old it is. I was uncommon drunk ; I don't remember what I did to hor. I'm afraid I hit her— for I had some vvordg with her. I wished I was nt homo. Shu won't tell nobody, She never doe-t. But I'm set to bo at home and tell her I ye sworn off. I've got money for her thie trip, t'»o ; I ra afrnid she's in a hurry for it.' After this outburst of confidence, Jack seemed to cling to his dory 'mate ; he followed him about deck, and looked wistfully nf him. Jack hud begun to take on the haggard look ot; tho. abstainer, once again. The crdw thought be did not 'seem like himself. He had stopped drinking, abruptly, aftor that day m the fog, and suffered heavily from the weather and from oxposure. . ' I Hay, Rows,', he asked one day, if any thing was to happen, would you jeBt step in and tell my wife I didn't believe that yarn nbouther? She'll know.' Now it befei, that when they were rounding hasten. Point, and not till then, thoy bespoke t he I)"4iiny, which was outward bound, and signalled them. She drew to speaking dis tance, and her skippsr.had a word with tha master of the Daredevil, but he -spoke none ' roo loud, and made his errand quickly, and, veered to his own course, and the two boats purled company,- and. the Daredevil carne , hustling in Thoy wero almost home. 1 It was rwmhered aftorwards that Jack was badly frostbitten upon that voyage ; he looked badly ; he hnd, strange wa)8 ; the men did not know exactly how to take him. He was over heard to ftuy : ; I I ain't agoiu' to go to Georges' again,' Ko.v« Snl i overheard thin, after the .kiDper of the Destiny had gjicnttlled and tucked. Jack wan uiitinit aft. alone, when he aaid it. looking aeiiwiinl. Ha had paid littlo or no attention to the incident of the Destiny, bat sat Murine plunned in nome mood, of hi, own whicti eeemed aa.Holitary, na removed from hia kind and from their oomprehenaion,' aa the moods of iiicntiit.d nontenure from the amie. So then, with such dexterity aa the ignorant man could muster, Salt got hi, friend below on rome pretext, and etood looking at hint In Ipl-aaly You don't look well, Rowe,' Jack euz tteiled, pleasantly. ' Jack,' ' .aaid his dory-mate, turning white annual), 1.11 make no bones of it, nor mince tothin', for aomebodr'a . got to tell ye, and they aaid it rnunt he me. There's a warrant after ye. The sheriff's on the tug betwixt aa and tho wharf. She's layin' off the island hitn aboard of her.' . ' 'I . never was in prison,' faltered Jack 'The hoys have always hailed me.' ' 'Tain't a hailip' matter, Jack, this time.' 1 What did ynu say ?' I said it waan't a biilln' bttsiueaa. Some body a got to tell ynu.' t Jack gaxed confldinitly up into his friend's face. . '.What was it that I done, old ho. tell me?' - , , . "" ' Let the sheriff tell you A«k tho sheriff I'd rarher it wae the sheriff told you, Juck ' ' Tell me what it is I done. Rowe Salt ? Vd Hyatt ' , He looked puzzled , ' The sheiiff knows more about it nor I do ' begged the fishermen 'don't make att old messmate tell yea.' ' All right,' said Jack, turning away. He had now grown very quiet. He pleaded no more only tn umtter once: I'd tnther hoard it frocn messmate-' Rowe Salt took a etep or two, tamed, stopped, stirred, and turned again. 1 Yon killed somebody,, then, if know.' ' If'lUd somebody ?' 'Yes.' ' I was drunk and killed somebody ? ' Lord help you, yes.' _ u , 'I nope,' hoarsely— 1 1 Look here, bat» a hope Teen won't know.' I say. Roe,' after a long pause, who was it that I killed?' ' Ak tho sheriff.' ' Who was it that. I killed?' ' , The »kipper'll tell you,, mebby. I won t No, I vow 1 won't. Let me go.. I ve roy share 'of this. Let me up on deck! i want the air !' t ' I won't let you up on deck— so help me— till you tell !' , - ' Let me. off, Jack, 1st trie off ! Tell me vtho it was, I sag f . ' Lord iu he- ven, the poor.dovil dont wow —he really don't.' , I thought you would ha' fold me, Rowe, said Jaok with a smile— his old winning smile, that had captivated his messmates an bis life. „ lL. ' I will tell you !' cried Rowe 8aU with an oath of agony. ' You killed your wife. Yon murdered her. She's dead. Teen am t m home. She's dead.' They made way for him at this side and at that, for he sprang up the gangway, ana dashed among them When he saw them an together, and how they looked at him, ne stopped. A change seemed to Btrike nib purpose, be it what ifmight. , ' Boys,' said Jack, looking aH anotit, ye won't have to go no bill for me. 1 11 bide my account, thiB time,' , . ... j He parted from them, for they do the thing he would, and got himself alone into the bows, and there he sank down, crouching, and nn one spoke to him. The Daredevil rounded Eastern Point, and down the Bhining hnrbonr, all sails set, came gylj in, Thpy were almost home. Straightway there started out upon tbe winter pea a strong, sweet tenor, like a cry. It was Jack's voice— everybody knew it. Ho stood by himself in the bows, back to them, singing like an angel or a madman— some said this ; some said tbe other— ' Rock of Age, cleft for me I Let mo Mae tnyielf In thee ; . . - Thou mutt save, »n0 thou alone. . » ' When I eoar to world unknown. See thee on thy judgmcut throne,' sang Jack. . With the cosing of his voice, they divined how it wa, by one instinct, and every man sprang to him. But he had leaped and gained on them.. The waters of Fairhnrbor seemed them selves to leup to greet him as he went dom. These that had borne him and ruined him hutied him as if they loved him. Ho had pushed np his sleeves for- the spring, hard to the shoulder, like a man who would wrestle at odds. As he sank,' one bared arm thrust above the crest of the long wave, lifted itself towards the sky. It was hi right arm, on which the crucifix was stamped. White und gold as the -lips and heart 6f n lily, the day .blossomed at Fairharbor one June Sunday, when these things wero as a talo that is told. . It was a warm day, sweet and still. There was no wind, no fog. The harhour .wore her innocent face. She has oce j.who can help believing in it, to see it ? The waves stretched themselves upon the beach hb if they had been hands laid out in benediction ; and the colours of tho sky were litre the exprcnaion of a strong and solemn oountenance. No thought Mother Mary, standing hy her husband'u side that day, and looking off frotn the little creature in her arms to the faces of the fishermen gathered there about her for the service. It was an open-air service, held upon the beach, where the people she had served and loved could freely come to her— and would. They had sought « ho scone in largo numbers. The summer people, too, Mtrolled down, distant and different, and hung upon the edges of the group. They had a civil welcome, but no more. ThiB wbb a fisherman's affair ; nobody .needed them; Mother Mary did not belong to them. ' The meetin'a ours,' Baid Rowe Salt, ' It's us she's after. The boarders ain't of no account to her.' His brother Jim was there with Rowe, and Jim's wife, and some of the respectable women neighbours. The skipper of the Daredevil was there, and so were many of Jack's old messmates. When it was under- s'ood that Mother Mary had adopted Jack's baby, the news had run like rising tide, from wharf to wharf, from deck to deok— every body knew it, by tbis time. Almost every, body was there, to see the baptUm. Tbe Fairharbor fishermen were alert to the honour of their guild. They turned out in force /to explain mattora, sensitive to show their beet. They would have it understood that one mayrhave one's faults, but one does not, therefore, murder one's wifo. The scene in the annals and the legends of Fairharbor was memorable, and will be long. It was as strange to tho seamen as a leaf thrown over from the pages of the Bouk of Life, inscribed in an unknown tongue, of which they only know that it was the tongue of love. Whether It spoke aa of men or of angels they would have been perplexed to say. Into her childless life, its poverty, its struggles, its sacrifices, and its blessed hope, Mother Mary's great heart took the baby as she took a man's own better nature for him that which lay so puny and eo orphaned in tho«e wild lives of theirs, an infant in be hands. Jack's baby,. JacISs baby and Teen's, as if it had :been anybody else's baby, was to be baptised ' like folks.' Jack's baby, poor Utile devil, was to have his chance. The men talked it ovor gravely ; it affected them with a respectone would not anticipate, who did not know thern. They had their Sun day clothes on. They wero ait clean. They had a qniet look. One fellow who had taken a little too much ventured down upon the be&oh;, bat - he - was huvtled away from the christening and ducked in the cove, and hung .up'»n the rocks to dry, One roust be sober who helped to baptise that baby. This wus quite understood. They satig the hymn, Jack's hymn and Teen's; of course 'hey sang tho Rock of Ages, and Mother Mary's husband read 'the chapter' to them, as he" was used,. and spoke with them ; and ie was ao-still among them that they could hear each wave of the placid sea beat evenly uh if they listened to the beat ing of a near und mighty, 'peaceful heart. Mother Mary spoke with thern herself a little, She tnhl them how: she took the child, in despair of the past, in hope of the future ; in pain and pity, and in love ; yearning over him, and hi, and those who wero of their inheritance, and fate, their chance?, and their sorrows, and their siriB.' She told thern of the child's pure heart within us all, which needs only to be mothered to bo saved ; which needs only that wo foster it, to form it ; which needs th'it we treat it as we do other weak and helpless things, whether in our selves or . in another. What wa noblo in them all, she said, was to them liko th!s I little thing to her, It was a trust. Shogave I it to them, so she anid, as she took the baby, I here- before their witnessing, to spare him from their miseries, if she might. ; -i They were touched by this, or tbey seemed to he; for'theylisrened from their souls. ' We'd oughter take off our hato/Bomebody whimpered. So they Btood uncovered before the minister, and Mother Mary ; and. Jack'h poor bnhy. The a»cred drops flashed in the white air. Dreamily the fishermen heard the saured wordH : ' In the name of rke Father : - And. of the Son': And of the Holy Ghoat. ' Amen.' But no ono heard the other words, said'hy Mother Mary clone and low, when Bhe re oefved the child into lier arms again, and bowed her face above its ; ' : My son, I take thee for the 'sake and for the love of- thy father, and of tby mother. Be thou their holy ghost.? But the fihcrmon, used not to nuderstaud her, hut only to 'her understanding thero, - perceiving that she was at prayer, they knew not why, asking of Heaven thoy knew not what, the fishermen said Amen. Amen,— All the Year 'Round.' 'ri ; 