Ii€fI#Ji. She : a History of Adventure. Bt H. Emm Haggard. (Author of * King Solomon's Mines,' ' Dawn,' ' The Witch's Head,' &c.;) XL— THE PLAIN OF KOE. About an hour before sundown we, at last, to my un bounded gratitude, emerged from the great belt of mar&h.; on to land that swelled upwards in a succession of rolling waves. Just on tho hither side of the crest of tho first wave we halted for tho night. My first act was to examine Leo's condition. It was. if anvthine. worse than in tho morn ing, and a new and very distressing feature, vomiting, set jn, and continued till dawn. Not one wink of sleep did I get that night, for I passed it in assisting Ustane, who was one of the meat gentle and indefatigable nurses I over saw, to wait upon Leo and Job. However, the air was warm and genial without being too hot, and there were no mosquitos to speak ol. Also, wo were above the level of tho marsh mist, which lay stretched beneath us like the dim smoke pall over a city, lit up here and there by the wandering globes of fen fire. Thus it will be seen that we were, speak ing comparatively, in clover. By dawn on the following morning Leo was quite light headed, and fancied that he was divided into halves. I was dreadfully distressed, and began to wonder with a sort of sick fear what the termination of tho attack would be. Alas! I had heard but too much of how these attacks generally terminate. As I was doing so Billali came up and said that we must be getting on, more especially as, in his opinion, if Leo did not reach some spot where ho could be quiet, and have proper nursing, within tho next 12 hours, his life would only Le a matter of a day or two. I could not but agree with him, so wo got him into tho litter and started on, Ustane walking by his sido to keep tho flies off him, and see that he did not throw himself out on to the ground. Within half-an-hour of sunrise we had reached the top of tho rise of which I have spoken, and a most beautiful view broko upon our gaze. Beneath us was a rich stretch of country, verdant with grass and lovely with foliage and flowers. In the background, at a distance, so far as 1 could judge, of some 18 miles from whero we then stood, a huge and extraordinary mountain rose abruptly from tho plain. The base of this great mountain appeared to consist of a grassy slope ; but rising from tins, 1 should say, from sub sequent observation, at a height of about 500 above the level of the plain, was a most tremendous and absolutely pre cipitous wall of bare rock, quite 12 or 15 hundred feet in height. The shape of the mountain, which was undoubtedly of volcanic origin, was round, and, of course, as only a segment of its circle was visiule, it wes difficult to estimate its exact size, which was enormous. I afterwards disco vered that it could not cover less than 50 square miles of ground. Anything more grand and imposing than tho sight presented by this great natural castle, starting in solitary grandeur from the level of tho plain, I never saw, and I suppose never shall. Its very solitude added to its majesty, and its tower ing cliffs seemed to kiss tho sky. Indeed, generally speak ing, they were clothed in clouds that lay in fleecy mosses upon their broad and level battlements. I sat up in my hammock and gazed out across the plain at this thrilling and majestic eight, and I suppose that Billali noticed it, for lie brought his litter alongside. *' Behold the house of ' She-who- rnust-be-obeyed!'' he said. * ' Had ever a queen such a throne before S' ' 'It is wonderful, my fathor,' I answered. 'But how does ono enter ? Those cliffs look hard to climb.' ' Thou slialt see, my Baboon. Look now at the plain below us. What thinkest thou that it is? Thou art a vise man. Come, tell mo.' I looked, and saw what appeared to be the lino of road way running straight towards the base of tho mountain, though it was covered with turf. There were high banks on each side of it, broken here and there, but fairly con tinuous on the whole, the meaning of which I did not understand. It seemed so very odd that anybody should embank a roadway. ' Well, my father,' I answered, ' I suppose that it is a road, otherwise i. should nave been inclined, to say that it was the bed of a river, or rather,' I added, observing the extraordinary directness of the cutting, 'of a canal.' Billali— who, by the way, was none tho worse for bis immersion of tho day before — nodded Iiis head sagely as he replied : ' Thou art right my son. It is a channel cut out by those who were before us in this place to carry away water. Of this am I sure : within the rocky circle' of the great mountain whither we journey was once a great lake. But those who were before us, by wonderful arts of which I know nought, hewed a path for tho water through the solid rock of the mountain, piercing even to tho bed of tho lake. But first they cut the channel that thou seest across tho plain. Then when at last the water burst out, it rushed down the channel that had been mode to receive it, and crossed this plain till it reached the low land behind the rise, and there, perchance, it niado the swamp through which we had como. Then wlieu the lake was drained dry, the people whereof I speak built a mighty city, whereof nought butTuins and tho name of Kor yet remaineth, on its bed, and Irom age to age hewed the caves and passages mat uiou wm sue. 'It may be,' I answered; ' but if so, how is it that tho lake does not fill up again with tho rains r' ' Nay, my son, the people were a wise people, and they left a drain to keep it clear. Seest thou the river to tho rightS'' and he pointed to a fair-sized stream that wound away across the plain, soir.o four miles from us. ' That is the drain, and it comes out through the mountains where this cutting goes in. At first, perhaps, the water ran down this canal, but afterwards the people turned it and used the cutting for a road.' ' And is there, then, no other place where one may 6nter into tho great mountain,' I asked, ' except through the drain r' 'There is a place,' he answered, 'where cattle and men on foot may cross with much labour, but it is secret. A year Brightest thou search and ehould'st never find it. It is only used once a year, when the herds of cattle that have been fattening on the slopes of the mountain, and on thi« plain, are driven, into the space within.' ''And does She live there always?' I asked, or does she come at times without the mountain Y' '* Nay, my son, where she is, there she is.' By now we were well on to the great plain, and I was cxmuining with delight the varied beauty of its semi tropical flowers and trees, the latter of which grew singly, or at most in dumps of three or four, much of the timber being of large size, and belonging apparently to evergreen oak. There were also many palms, some of them more than 100 feet high, and tlie largest and most beautiful tree ferns that I ever saw, about which hung clouds of jewelled honeysuckers and great winged butterflies. Wandering about among the trees or crouching in tho long and feathered grass were all varieties of game, from rhineceroces down. I saw rhinoceros, buffalo (ajarge herd), eland, qusgga, and sable antelope, the most'beautiful of all the bucks, not to mention many smaller varieties of game, and three ostriches which scudded away at our approach lik« white drift before a gale. So plentiful was the game that at lost I could stand it no longer. 1 had a single-barrel sporting Martini with me in the Utter, the Express being too cumbersome, and espying a beautiful fat eland rubbing himself under one of the oak-like trees, I jumped out of the litter, and proceeded to creep as near to him as I could. He let me come within 80 yards, and then turned hie head, and stared at me, preparatory to running away. I lifted the rifle, and taking hint about midway down the shoulder, for he was side-on to me, fired. I never made a cleaner shot or a better kill in my small experience, for the great buck sprang right up into the air and fell dead. The bearers, who had all halted to see the perf orai- nace4 gave a murmur of eurprite, an unwonted compli ment from these gsullen people, who never appear to be surprised at anything, and a party of the guard at once ran off to cut the animal up. As for myself, though I was longing to have a look at him, I sauntered back to my litter as though I had been in the habit of killing eland all my life, feeling that I had gone up several degrees in tho estimation of tho Amahagger, who fookedon the wholo,thing as a very high-class manifestation of witchcraft. As a matter of fact, however, I had never seen on eland in a wild state before. Billali received me with enthusiasm. 41 It is wonderful, my son tho Baboon,' ho cried ; ' wonderful ! Thou art a very great man, th»ugh so ugly. Had I not seen, surely I would never havo be lieved. And thou sayeet that thou wilt teach me to slay in this fashion?' 'Certainly, my Father,' I said, airily ; 'it is no« thing.' But all the same I firmly mado up my mind that when ' my Father ' Billali began to fire I would without fail lie down or tako refuge behind a tree. After this little incident nothing happened of any noto till about an hour and a half before sundown, when we arrived beneath the shadow of ,the towering volcanic mass that I have already described. It is quite impossible for me to describe its grim grandeur as it appeared to me while my patient bearers toiled along the bed of the ancient watercourse towards the spot where the rich brown-clod cliff shot up from precipice to precipice till its crown lost itself in eloud. All I can say is that it almost awed me by the intensity of its lonesome and most solemn greatness. On we went up the bright and sunny slope, till at last the creeping shadows from above swallowed up its brightness, and presently we began to pass a cutting hewn in the liv ing rock. Deeper and deeper grew this marvellous work, which, must, I should say, havo employed thousands of men for many years. Indeed, how it was ever executed at all without the aid of blasting-powder or dynamite I can not to this day imagine. It is and must remain one of the mysteries of this wild land. I can only suppose that these cuttings and the vast caves that had been hollowed out of uie rui-iva ii pierct'u wero we oliimj unaercaKings oi me people of Kor, who lived here in the dim lost ages of the world, and, as in tho caso -of tho Egyptian monuments, were executed by tiio forced labour of tens of thousands of captives, carried on. through an indefinite number of cen turies. But who were tho people ? At last we reached the face of the precipice itself and found ourselves looking into the mouth of a dark tunnel that forcibly reuinded mo of those undertaken by our nineteenth-century engineers in the construction of railway lines. Out of this tunnel 'flowed a considerable stream o'f water. Indeed, though I do not think that I have men tioned it, wo had followed this stream, which ultimately developed into the river I have already described as wind ing away to the right from the spot where the cutting in, the solid rock commenced. Half of this cutting formed a channel for tho stream, and half, which was placed on a slightly higher level— eight feet, perhaps— was devoted to the purposes of a roadway. At the termination of the cutting, however, the stream, turned off across the plain and followed a channel of its own. At the mouth of the cave tho cavalcade was halted, and whilo the men employed themselves in Ugrhting some earthenware lamps they had brought with them, Billali, descending from his litter, in formed me politely but firmly that tho orders of She were that we were now to be blindfolded, so that we should not learn the secret of the paths through the bowels of the mountains. To this I of course assented cheerfully enough, but Job, who was now very much better, notwithstanding the journey, did not like it at all, fancying, I believe, that it was bat a preliminary step to- being hot-potted. He was, however, a little consoled when I pointed out to him that there were no hot pots handy, and, so few as I knew, no fire to heat them in. As for poor Leo, after turning rest lessly for hours, he had, to my deep thankfulness, at last dropped off into a sieen or stupor. I don't know which. &o; there was no need to blindfold him. The blindfolding was performed by binding a piece of the yellowish linen whereof those of the Amahagger who condescended, to wear any thing in particular made their dresses tightly round the eyes. This linen, I afterwards discovered, was taken from the tombs, and was not, as I had .at first supposed, of native manufacture. The bandage was then knotted at the back of the head, and finally brought down again and the ends bound under the chin to prevent its slipping. Ustane was, by_ the way, also blindfolded. I do not know why, unless it was from fear that she should impart tho secrets of the route to us. This operation performed we started on once more and soon, by the echoing sound of the foot steps of tho bearers and the increased noise of the water caused by reverberation in a confined space, I knew that we were entering into tho bowels of the great mountain. It was an eorie sensation being borne along into the heart of a mountain wo knew not whither, but I was getting used to eerie sensations by this time, and by now was pretty well prepared for anything. So I lay ;? till and listened to the tramp, tramp of the bearers andthe rushing of the water, and tried to believo that I was enjoying myself. Presently tho men set up the mokucholy little chant that I had heard on the first night when we were captured in tho wiiale beat, and the effect produced by their voices was very curious, and quite indescribable on paper. After a whilo tho air began to get exceedingly thick and heavy, so much so, indeed, that I felt as though I were going to choke, till at. llength I felt the litter tako a sharp turn, then another and another, and the sound of the running water ceased. After this the air got fresher again, but the turns were continuous, arid to me, blindfolded as I was, most bewildering. I tried to keep a map of them in my mind in case it might ever, be necessary for us to try to escape by this route, but, needless to say, failed utterly. Another half -hour or so passed, and then suddenly I became aware that wo were once more in the opeu air. I could see tho light through my bandage and feel tho freshness of it on my face. A few more minutes and the caravan halted, and I heard Billali order Ustano to remove her bandage and undo ours. Without waiting for her attentions I got the knot of mine looso and looked out. As I anticipated, we had passed right through the preci pice, and were now on its further side, and immediately beneath its beetling face. The first thing I noticed was that it was not nearly so high here — not so high. I should 6ay, by 500 feet, which proved that the bed of the lake, or rather of tho vast ancient crater in which we stood, was much higher than the surrounding plain. For the rest, we found ourselves in a huge rock-surrounded cup, not unlike that of the first place where we had sojourned, only ten times the size. Indeed, one could only just moke out the frowning line of the opposite cliffs. A great portion of the plain thus enclosed by nature was cultivated and fenced in with walls of stone placed there to keep the cattle and goats from breaking into the gardens. Here and there roBe great grass mounds, and some miles away towards tho centre I thought that I could see the outline of colossal ruins. I had no time to observe anything more at the moment, for wo were instantly surrounded by crowds of Amahagger, similar in every particular to .those with whom we were already familiar, who, though they spoke little, pressed round us so closely as to obscure the viow to a person lying in a hammock. Tjien all of a sudden a number of armed men arranged in companies, and mar shalled by officers who held an ivory wand 'in their hands, came running swiftly towards us, having, so far as I could make out, emerged from tha face of the precipice like ante from their burrows. These men, as well as their officers, were all robed in addition to the usual leopard skin, and, as I gathered, formed the body-guard of She herself. Their leader advanced to Billali, saluted him by plac ing his ivory wand transversely across his forehead, and then asked some question which I could not catch, and Billali having answered him the whole regiment turned and marched along the side of the cliff, our cavalcade of litters following in their track. After going thus for about naif a mile we halted once more in front of the mouth of a tre mendous cave, measuringaboutoGft. iuheiRhtby 80 wide, and here Billali descended finally and requested Job and myself to do the same. Leo of course' was far too ill to do anything of the sort. I did so, and we entered the great cave, into which, the light of the setting sun penetrated for some dis tance, while beyond the reach of the light it was faintly illuminated with lamps which seemed to me to stretch away for an almost imnieasureable distance, like the gas-lighte of an empty London street. Another thing that I noticed was that the walls were covered with sculptures in bas« relief, of a sort, pictorially speaking, similar to those that I have described upon the vases, love scenes principally, then huutiSjSLPictures, and pictures of executions»and the torture of criminals bv the placing of a hot, presumably red-hot, pot upon tlie head, showing ?whence our hosts had derived this pleasant practioa. There were very few battle-pieces, though many of duels, and men running and wrestling, and from this fact I am led to believe that this people was not much subject to attack by exterior foes, either on account of the isolation of their position, or because of their great strength. Between the pictures were columns of stone characters of a formation absolutely new to me ; at any rate they were neither Greek nor Egyptian, nor Hebrew, nor Assyrian — that I can nwcar to. They looked more like Chinese than anything else. Near to the entrance, of the cave Loth pictures and writing were worn away, but further in they were in many cases absolutely f resfi and perfect as the day on which the sculptor had ceased work upon them. The regiment of guards did not come further than the entrance to the cave, where they formed up to let us pass through. On entering the place itself, we were, how ever, met by a man robed in white, who bowed humbly, but said nothing, which, as it afterwards appeared that he was a deaf mute, was not very wonderful. Running at right angles to the -main cave at a distance of some 20 feet from the entrance was a smaller cave or wide gallery, that was pierced into the rock both to the right and to the' left of the main cave. At the mouth of this gallery to our left 6tood two guards, and. from this circumstance I argued that it was the entrance to the apartments of She herself. The entrance to the right gallery -was unguarded, and down this the mute indicated we were to proceed. A few yards down this gallery, which was lighted with lamps, we came to the entrance to a chamber with, a curtain made of some grass material, not unlike a Zanzibar mat in appearance, hung over the doorway. This the mute drew back with another profound obeisanco, and led the way into a good-sized apartment, hewn, ol course, out of the solid rock, but to my great delight lighted by means of a shaft pierced in the face of the precipice. In this room was a Btone bedstead, pote full of water tor washing, and beauti fully tanned leopard skins to serve as a blankets. Here we left Leo, who was still sleeping heavily, and with him stopped Ustane. I noticed that the mute gave her a very sharp look, as much as to say, — ' Who are you, and by whose orders do you come here ?' Then he con ducted us to another similar room which Job took, and then to two more that were respectively occupied by JJillali and myself. Chapter XII.— ' SHE.' The first care of Job and myself, after seeing to Leo, was to wash ourselves and put on clean clothing, for what we were wearing had not been changed since the loss of the dhow. 1 ortunately, as I think that I have said, by far the greater part of our personal bap-gage had already been packed into the whale-boat, and was therefore saved — and brought hither by the bearers— although all the stores laid in by us for barter and presents to the natives were lost. Nearly all our clothing was made of a well-shrunk and very strong gray flannel, and excellent I found it for travelling in these places, because though a Norfolk jacket, shirt, and pair of trousers of it only weighed about four pounds— a great consideration in a tropical country, where every extra ounce tells on the wearer — it was warm, and offered a good resistance to the rays of the sun, and best of all to chills, which are so apt to* result from sudden changes of tempera ture. Never shall I forget the comfort of the 'wash and brush-up,' and of thoeo clean flannels. The only thing that was wanting to complete my joy was a cake of 6oap, of which we had none. ? Afterwards I discovered that the Amahagger, who do not reckon dirt among their many disagreeable qualities, use a kind of burnt earth for washing purposes, which, though unpleasant to the touch till one gets accustomed to it, forms a very fair substitute for soap. \- By the time that I was dressed, and had combed and trimmed my black beard, the previous condition of which was certainly sufficiently unkempt to give weight to Billali's appellation for me, the Baboon, I began to feel most uncommonly hungry. Therefore, I was by no means sorry ?»rhen, without the slightest preparatory sound or warning, the curtain over the entrance to my cave was flung aside, and another mute, a young girl this time, announced to nie by signs that I could not misunderstand — that is, by open ing her mouth, and pointing down it — that there was some thing ready to eat. Accordingly I followed hef into the next chamber, which we had not yet entered, where I found Job, who had also, to bis groat embarrassment, been con ducted thither by a fair mute. Job had never got over the advances the former lady had made to him, and sus pected every girl who came near to him of similar designs. 'These young parties have a way of looking at one, 8ir,' he would say apologetically, 'which I don't call respectable.' This fresh room was twice the size of the sleeping caves, and I saw at once that it hod originally served as a refectory, and also probably as an embalming room for the priests of the dead ; for I may as well say at once these hollowed-out caves were nothing more nor less than vast catacombs, in which for tens of ages the mortal remains of the great extinct race whose monuments surrounded us had been first preserved, with an art and a completeness that has never since been equalled, and then hidden away for all time. On each side of this rock-chamber was a long solid stone table, about three feet wide by three feet 6ix in height, hewn out of the living rock, of which it had formed a part, and was still attached, to, at the base. These tables were Blightly hollowed out or curved' inward, to give room for the knees of any one sitting on the stone ledge that had been cut for a bench along the side of the cave at a distance of about two feet from them. Each of them was so arranged that it ended right under a shaft pierced in the rock for the admission of light and air. On examining them carefully, however, I saw that there was a difference between them that hod at first escaped my attention, viz., that one of the tables, that to the left as we entered the cave, had evidently been used, not to eat on, but for the purpose of embalming bodies. That this was beyond all question the case was clear from five shallow depressions in the stone of the table, all shaped like a human form, with a separate place for the head to lie in and a little bridge to support the neck, each depression being of a different size, so a6 to fit bodies varying in 6tature from a full-grown man's to a small child's, and with little holes bored at intervals to carry off fluid. And, indeed, if any further confirmation was required, one had but to look at the wall of the cave above to find it. For there, sculptured all round the apartment, and looking nearly as fresh as the day it was done, was the pictorial representation of the death, embalming, and burial of an old man with a long beard, probably an ancient king or .grandee of this country. The first picture represented his death. He was lying upon a couch which had four short curved posts at the cornera coming to a knob at the end, in appearance some thing like a written note of music, and was evidently in the very act of expiring. Gathered round the couch were women and children weeping, the former with their hair hanging down their back. The next scene represented the embalming of the body, which lay nude upon a table with denressions in it, similar to the one before us ; probably, indeed, it was a picture of the eauie table. Three men were employed at the work— one superintending, one holding a funnel shaped exactly like a port- wine strainer, of which the narrow end was fixed in an incision in the breast, no doubt in the great pectoral artery, while the third, who was represented as standing straddle-legged over the corpse, held a kind of barge jug high in his hand, and poured from it some steaming fluid, which fell accurately into the funnel. The most curious part of the sculpture is that both the man with the funnel and the man who poured the fluid are represented as holding theirnoses, either, I suppose, because of the etench arising from the body, or more probably to keep out the aromatic fumes of the hot fluid which was being forced into the dead man's veins. Another curious thing which I am unable to explain was that all three men had a band of linen tied round the face, with holes in it for the eyes. The third sculpture represented the burial of the deceased. There he was, stiff and cold, clothed in a linen robe and laid out en a stone slab Buch as I had slept upon at our first Bojourning-placo. At his head and feet burnt a lamp, and by his 6ido were placed several of the beautiful painted vases that I have described, which -were probably supposed to be full of provisions. The little chamber was crowded ?vith mourners* and with musicians playing on a sort of lyre, while near the foot of the corpse stood a man with a sheet, with which he was preparing to cover it from view. These sculptures, looked at merely as works of art, were so remarkable that I make no apology for describing them rather fully. They struck me also as being of surpassing interest as representing, probably with studious accuracy, the last rites of the dead as practised among an utterly lost people, and even then I thought how envious some anti quarian friends of my own at Cambridge would be it ever I got an opportunity of describing these wonderful remains to them. Probably they would say that I was exaggerating, notwithstanding that every page of this history must bear so much internal evidence of its truth that it would obviously have been quite impossible for mo to have invented it. To return. As soon as I had hastily examined these sculptures, which I think I omitted to mention were executed in relief, we sat down to a very excellent meal of boiled goats' -flesh, fresh milk, and cakes made of meal, the whole being served upon clean wooden platters. When -we had eaten we returned to see how poor Leo was getting on, Billali saying that he must now wait upon She and hear her commands. On reaching Leo's room, we found the poor boy in a very bad way. He had woke up from his torpor, and was altogether off his head, babbling about some boat-race on the Cam, and was inclined to be violent. Indeed, when we entered the room Ustane was holding him down. I spoke to him, and my voice seemed to soothe him ; at any rate he grew much quieter, and was persuaded to swallow a dose of quinine. 1 had been sitting with him for an hour, perhaps— at any rate 1 know that it was just getting so dark that I could only just make out his head lying like a gleam of gold upon the pillow we had extemporised of a bag covered with a blanket — when suddenly Billali arrived with an air of great importance, and informed me that She herself had deigned to express a wish to 6ee me — an honour, he added, accorded to but very few. I think that he was a little horrified at my cool way of taking the honour, but the fact was that I did not feel overwhelmed with gratitude at the prospect of seeing some savage dusky queen, however absolute and mysterious 6he might be, more especially as my mind was full of dear Leo, for whose life I began to have great fears. However, I rose to follow him, and as. I did so I caught sight of something bright lying on the floor, which I picked up. Perhaps the reader will remember that with the potsherd in the casket was a composition scarabaaus marked with a round 0, a large bird, and another curious hiero glyphic, the meaning of which signs is ' Suten se Ea,' or 'itoyal Son of the Sun.' This scareb, which is a very small one, Leo had insisted upon, having set in a massive gold ring, such as is generally used for signets, and it was this very ring that I now picked up. He had pulled it off in the paroxysm of his fever, at least I suppose so, and flung it down upon the rock-floor. Thinking that if I left it about it might get lost, I slipped it on to my own little finger and then followed Billali, leaving Job and Ustane with Leo. We passed down the passage, crossed the great aisle-like cave, and came to the corresponding passage on the other side, at the mouth of which the guards stood like two statues. As we came they bowed their heads in salutation, and then lifting their long spears placed them transversely across their foreheads, as the leaders of the troop that had met us had done with their ivory wands. We stepped between them, and found ourselves in an exactry similar passage to that which led to our own apartments, only this passage was, comparatively speaking, brilliantly lighted. A few paces down it we were met by four mutes — two men and two women — who bowed low, and then arranged them selves, the women in front and the men behind of us, and in this order we continued our procession past several door ways hung wjth curtains similar to those leading to our own quarters, and which I afterwards found opened out into chambers occupied by the mutes who attended on She. A few paces more and we came to another doorway facing us, and not to our left like the others, which seemed to mark the termination of the passage. Here two more white, or rather yellow, robed guards were standing, and they, too, bowed, saluted, and let us pass through, heavy curtains into a great antechamber, quite 40 feet long by as many wide, in which 6onie eight or 10 women, most of them young and handsome, with yellowish hair, sat on cushions working with ivory needles at what had the appearance of being embroidery-frames. These women were also deaf and dumb. At the further end of this great lamp-lit apartment was another doorway closed in with heavy Oriental-looking curtains, quite unlike those that hung before the doors of our own apartments, and here stood two particularly hand some girl mutes, their heads bowed upon their bosoms and their hands crossed in an attitude of the humblest submission. As they came they each stretched out an arm and drew back the 'curtains. Thereupon Billali did a curious thing. Down he went, that venerable-looking old gentleman— for Billali is a gentleman at the bottom— down on to his hands and knees, and in this undignified position, with his long white beard trailing on the ground, he began to creep into the apartment beyond. I followed him, standing on my feet in the usual fashion. Looking over his shoulder he per ceived it. 'Down, my son; down, my Baboon; down on to thy hands and .kne'es. We enter the -presence of She, and if thou art not humble, of a surety she will blast thee where thou stande6t.' _ I halted and felt scared. Indeed, my knees began, to give way of their own mere motion ; but reflection came to my aid. I was an Englishman, and why, I asked myself, should I creep into the presence of some savage woman as though I were a monkey in fact as well as in name ? 'I would not and could not do it ; that is, unless I was absolutely sure that my life depended upon it. If once I began to creep upon my knees 1 should always have to do so, and it would be a patent acknowledgment of inferiority. So,, fortified by an insular prejudice against 'kootooing,' which has, like most of our so-called prejudices, a good deal of common sense to recommend it, I marched in boldly after Billali. I found myself in another apart ment, considerably smaller than the anteroom, of which the walls were entirely hung with rich-looking curtains of the same make us those over the door, the work, as I sub sequently discovered, of the mutes who sat in the ante chamber and wove them in strips, which were afterwards sewn together. Also, here and there about the room were settees of a beautiful black wood of the ebony tribe, inlaid with ivory, and all about the floor were other tapestries, or rather rugs. At the top end of this apartment was what appeared to be a recess, also draped with curtains, through which shone rays of light. There was nobody in the place except ourselves. Painfully and slowly old Billali crept up the length of the cave, and with the most dignified stride that I could command I followed after him; but I felt that it was more or less of a failure. To begin with, it is not possible to look dignified when you are following in the wake of an old man writhing along on his stomach like a snake, and then, in order to go sufficiently 6lowly, either I had to keep my leg some seconds . in the air at every step, or else to advance with a full stop between each stride, like Mary, Queen of Scots, going to execution in a play. Billali was not good at crawling ; I suppose bis years stood in. the way, and our progress up that apartment was a very long affair. I was immediately behind him, and several times I was sorely tempted to help him on with a good kick. It is so absurd to advance into the presence of savage royalty after the fashion of an Irishman driving a pig to market, for that is what we looked like, and the idea nearly mode me burst out laughing then aud there. I had to work my dangerous endency to unseemly merriment off by blowing my nose, a proceeding which filled old Billali with horror, for he looked over his shoulder, and mode a ghastly face at me, and I heard him murmur, ' Oh, my poor Baboon !' At last we reached the curtains, and here Billali collapsed flat on to his stomach, with his hands stretched out before him as though he were dead, and I, not knowing what to do, began to stare about the place ; but, presently, I distinctly felt that somebody was looking at me from behind the cur tains. I could not see the person ; but I could distinctly feel his or her gaze, and, what is more, it produced a very odd effect upon my nerves. I felt frightened, I don't know why. The place was a strange one, it is true, and looked, lonely, notwithstanding its rich hangings and the soft glow of the lamps ; indeed, these accessories added to rather than detracted from its loneliness, just as a lighted street at night has always a more solitary appearance than a dark ope. It was so silent in the place, and there lay Billali, like one dead, before the heavy curtains, through which th£ odour of perfume seemed to float up towards the gloom of the arched roof above. Minute grew into minute, and still there was no sign of life, nor did the curtain move; but I felt the gaze of the unknown being sinking through and through me, and filling me with a nameless terror, till the perspiration stood in beads upon my brow. At last the curtain began to move. Who could be behind it? Some naked savage queen, a languishing Oriental beauty, or a nineteenth- century young lady, drinking after noon tea ? I had not the slightest idea, and should not have been astonished at seeing any of the three. I was getting beyond astonishment. The curtain agitated itself a little, then suddenly between its folds there appeared a most beautiful white hand, white as Enow, and with long taper ing fingers, ending in the pinkest nails. Tho hand grasped the curtain, and drew it aside, and as it did so I heard a voice — I think the softest and yet most silvery voice I ever heard. It reminded me of the murmur of a brook. 'Stranger,' said the voice in Arabic, but much purer and more classical Arabic than the Amahagger talk; ' stranger, wherefore art thou 60 much afraid?' Now I flattered myself that, in spite of my inward terrors, I had kept a very fair command of my countenance, and was, therefore, a little astonished at this question. Before I had made up my mind how to answer it, however, the curtain was drawn, and a tall figure stood before us. I say a figure, for not only her body, but also her face, was wrapped up in soft white, gauzy material in such a way as, at first sight, to remind me most forcibly of a corpse in its grave clothes ; and yet I do not know why it should have given me that idea, seeing. that the wrappings were so thin that one could distinctly see the gleam of tho pink flpsh beneath them. I suppose it was the way in which they were arranged, either accidentally or, more probably, by design. Anyhow, I felt more frightened than ever at this ghost- like apparition, and my hair began to rise upon my head as the feeling crept over me that I was in the presence of something that was not canny. The swathed mummy like form before me was that of a tall and. lovely woman, instinct with beauty in every part, and also with a certain Rnakelike grace that I have never seen anything like before. When she moved a hand or foot her entire frame seemed to undulate, and the neck did not bend, it curved. 'Why art thou so frightened, stranger?' asked the sweet voice again— a voice that seemed to draw the heart out of me, like the strains of softest music. ' Is there that about me that should affright a man ? Then surely are men changed from what they used to be.' And with a little coquettish movement, she turned herself, and held up one arm, 60 as to show all her loveliness and the rich hair of raven blackness that streamed in soft ripples down her snowy robes almost to her sandalled feet. ' It is thy beauty that makes me fear, 0 Queen,' I answered, humbly, scarcely knowing what to say, and I thought that an I did so I heard old Billali, who was still lying prostrate on the floor, mutter, 'Good, my Baboon, good.' ' I see that men still know how to beguile us women with false words. Ah, stranger,' she answered, with a laugh that Bounded like distant silver bells, ' thou wast afraid because mine eyes were searching out thine heart, therefore wast thou afraid ; but being but a woman, I for give thee for the lie, for it was courteously said. And now tell me how came ye hither to this land of the dwellers among caves— a land of swamps and evil things and dead old shadows of the dead ? What came ye for to see ? How is it that ye hold your lives so cheap as to place them in the hollow of the hand of Hiya, into the hand of ' Shevrho must-be-obeyed ?' Tell me, also, how came ye to know the tongue that I talk. It is an ancient tongue. Livcth it yet in the world ? Thou seest I dwell among the caves and the dead, and nought know I of the affairs of men, nor have I cared to know. I have lived, O stranger, with my memories, and my memories are in a grave that mine own hands-hollowed, for truly hath it been said that the child of man maketh his own path evil,' and her beautiful voice quivered, and broke in a note as soft as any woodbird's. Suddenly her eye fell upon the sprawling frame of Billali, and she seemed to recollect herself. ' Ah ! thou art there, old man. Tell me how it is that things have gone wrong in thine household. Forsooth, it seems that these my guests were set upon. Ay, and one was nigh to being slain by the hot pot to be eaten of those brutes, thy children, and had not the others fought gallantly they, too, had been slain, and not even I could have called back the life that had been loosed from the body. What means it, old man? What hast thou to say that I should not give thee over to those -who execute my vengeance.' Her voice had risen in her anger, and it rang dear and cold against the rocky walls. Also, I thought I could see her eyes flash through the gauze that hid them. I saw poor Billali, whom I bod believed to be a very fearless per son, positively quiver with terror at her words. ' .' Oh, Hiya! oh, She !' he said, without lifting his white head from the floor. ' Oh, She, as thou art great be merciful, for I am now, as ever, thy servant to ohey. It was no plan or fault of mine, oh, She ; it was those wicked ones who are called my children. Led on by a woman whora thy guest the Pig had scorned, they would have followed the ancient custom of the land, and eaten the fat black stranger who came hither with these thy guests, the Baboon and the Lion who is sick, thinking that no word had come from thee about the Black one ; but when the Baboon and the Lion Baw what they would do, they slew the woman, and slew also their servant to save him from the horror of the pot. Then those evil ones, ay, those children of the Wicked One who lives in the Pit, they went mad with the lust of blood, and flew at the throats of the Lion, and the Baboon, and the Pig. But gallantly they fought. Oh, Hiya, they fought like very men, and slew many, and held their own, and then I came and saved them, and the evildoers have I sent on hither to be judged of thy great ness, 0 She ; and here they are.' ' Ay, old man, I know it, and to-morrow will I sit in the great ball and do justice upon them, fear not ; and for thee, I forgive thee, though hardly. See that thou dost keep thine household better. Go.' Billali rose upon bis knees with astonishing alacrity, bowed his head thrice, and, his white beard sweeping the ground, crawled down the apartment as he had crawled up it, till he finally vanished through the curtains, leaving me, not a little to my alarm, alone with this terrible but most fasci nating person. 