THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. ' 1 dreai&t; a dream that was not all a dream.' By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of the GroBvenor,' ' A Sailor's Sweetheart,' &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All righte reserved.] Chapter XVI. — Struggling Thuough It. Wind in the English Channel is very often a great deal more constant than cepridous. From those same Downs, in which the Verulam bad brought up for a few hours, seamen will tell you that they have sailed away for the Azores or south European ports, leaving vessels at anchor, wind-bound ; and that they have returned to find them still at anchor, wind bound. A west-south-west breeze sometimes rising into half a gale Is an evil wind for a vessel bound down Channel on a course nearly due west by magnetic compais : and whatever Captain Weeks might have boped when he bade Mr. Fortescue good agreeable wrestle with the wind, tack by tack, lasting five days, from the longtitude of the North Foreland ere the Golden Hope had fairly got the Lizard abreast of her. This cold and prolonged disappointment of weather seemed to be as much felt by the little schooner as by everyone in her, &om; Mr. Fortescue down to Johnny the boy. Her beauty was not gone, but she looked like a handsome girl suffering from a severe cold, driveling, jaded, irritable. Weeks kept bis topmast fidded, for he vas an old Atlantic jockey, and he wanted a black gale before he could be got to think of sending down spars or housing them j and jso the schooner remained sightly enough for the eye to look at aloft ? but to watch her during that struggle down Channel — decks' dark with wet lumps of ice-bright green water tumbling over her bows, an atmospheric thickness that would sometimes come bailing up to within half a mile and leave nothing -risible but a circle of ashen, desolate, heaviag, and coiling waterau with perhaps a grey gall- as tf detail to emphasise the misty opening, and £&e; peace «sd ihe tmow -ond th© xaddy £isb «Mid the .beautiful leafte&s; trees of the unrocklng land. Oh, t3ie speotacle was 'miserable. You saw it in the face of the helmsman, robed in gleaming sou' wester, long pea-coat, and yellow leg gings, -when he peered with a sulky squint at as much of the sea as was visible, or when a, -vicious swerve of the worried craft forced him to help her with the helm (with a bad word in his throat, which he expelled along with a squirtj of tobacco juice), before the hang of Her, which in ships will make the oldest fish bob his head and round his shoulders, should give the surge a chance of sweep ing a few tons of its water over her mid ship weather rail. Likewise you saw it in Weeks' leathern cheeks and his un usually animated chewing of the nautical cud, when he came up from below and beheld nothing but the same sight over asd over again ; and in Mr. Stone, out of wlioBe soul the head wind was extracting the sourness which mariners of 60 years old and upwards are commonly fouad to be as full of when irritated as a lemon is of acid juice when squeezed ; and In the crew, whose chief business lay in keeping a bright look out, in attending to the sheets and braces when Weeks or Stone gave the order to tack, in warming their frozen fingers, and squeezing the mist out of their eyes. Mr. Fortescue was patient, and Weeks said nothing to render him otherwise. 'Still dead ahead the wind is,' he would remark to the curate, 'but th' Hope's a vessel as knows how to go to windward pretty near as well as those box-bottomed Geordies as hail from the north know how to go to leeward. A square rigger would take ten or twelve days to find her way to abreast of Port land even in clear weather with this breeze heading her ; whilst we should be well on to be clear of the Channel by this time if it wasn't that I dursn't keep her under the canvas she could carry when the smother at times won't allow you to see five times her length.' Indeed, to speak the truth Hiram had been slightly scared by his narrow shave with the French ship off Calais ; and ever since had kept the schooner under easy canvas — close-reefed square topsail, reefed standing jib and stay-foresail, and treble reefed mainsail and gaff-foresalL 'After all,' he had said to Mr. Stone, 'we're not up to the hatches with oranges that'll have to be chucked overboard if we're a few days behind our time ; the Hindie Ocean isn't fresh wharf; and better to lose a week in this muekiness with determination to make up for it when blue water's under us and th' horizon's wisible than crack on now with the chance of doubling up a few smacks on the road, or being doubled up ourselves by running aboard of something 10 times our size.' And perhaps Fortescue's patience was not unindebted to his ignorance of the meaning of beating against a strong head wind and sea. Had the Golden Hope brought up say in Lyme Bay or under the lee of the ' Wight,' he would have chafed to a certainty with the thought of the anchor being down and the schooner tumbling and straining without one inch of way; but he could not help feeling to an extent satisfied when every time he looked over the rail, whether to port or to starboard, he found the vessel lying down to her work, shearing and seething through it with a wake racing out astern of her that might for length and whiteness have served for a speed of 10 miles an hour. Besides, being often tempted to go into the head, for the delight it gave him to look over the rail and watch the stem of his vessel ripping through the olive-colored water, fiiigl^g the rude foam off her weather bow, or arching the surge back wards into a frothless, glass-like comber, he never failed to find a kind of exulta tion inspired in T»m by the golden figure under the bowsprit, poised in impetuous pose, and triumphing with lifted trumpet over the swelling waters, that leapt and then flashed, and then scattered to right and left before the proud bounds and graceful tigeress-like movements of the little craft. Moreover, the wet boisterous weather, by obliging him to keep under shelter, led to long talks with Stone and Hiram Weeks, as the men's watch below or on deck permitted ; by which means he acquired a very good knowledge of their characters and peculiarities, besides being much amused by them. Of Stone he had 'the higher opinion; but he be lieved he could see a great deal of genuine manhood underlying Hiram's gaunt and ugly exterior, and he liked him for this as well as for many little things in his speech and manner, too subtle to be expressed on paper, but felt as a glance is or a faint gesture. Yet Fortescue was embarrassed by him when they were three days out, eating their 1 o'clock dinner, Stone keeping the deck, Johnny standing at the foot of the ladder in attendance, and the skylight dark with a squall which made the schooner so frisky that it was not only hard for the clergyman to see his plate but to keep it from tumbling into his lap 14 You may calculate, Mr. Fortessue,' said Weeks, 'that the ocean '11 make another man of you. The sleeves and backs of your coats '11 have to be let out long before we're heading for home if they're to clothe you. When I was first bent on going to sea I was that delicate in my constitution that my mother had to stand over me with a stick to make me eat. Six months after I had used the sea I'd have broken that same stick over the head of any man as should have done me out of as much of my lowance of pro visions as might have been eat up by a fly whilst a chap looked on. Yes, there's no medicine like salt water. Only think of what you breathe. Take this breeze; every mouthful of it comes right across the Atlantic, with nothing between and nothing particular behind, for the Yankees are a middling clean people ; besides, where this wind starts from it may be all prairie and clean coast from Washington to Charleston, South Carolina. 'I have no doubt that the ocean air will do wonders for me,' replied Fortescue quietly, never much relishing any refer ence to himself. '1 hope,' continued Weeks, filling a glass from a bottle of beer that he took from the swinging tray and balancing it as easily as though there was not a move in the schooner, whilst he held it up to the skylight and peered through it with one eye that seemed to start from its socket like a lobster's, ' that you'll not think I'm wanting to know too much if I ask what put it into your head to sail for the Indian Ocean. I understand,' he added, after taking a drink, 'that some friends of yours are '^i'W'Pg from the Werulam — a fine ship, sir, nothing finer in the mer chant service or navy was ever burnt or lost — and Mr. Salt told me that one one reason of your's for seeking Stone's island was that you might find out whether your friends was likely to be on it.' Fortescue gave him a half nod, and fnldir.tr his irms watched him whilst Johnny tumbled about the table clearing up. *' But Mr. Salt said your main object was your health, though Stone has replied no to that ; but then Mr. Salt's bound to .know more about it than Stone, and if I make so bold as to ask you why you choose the Indian Ocean it's because I can't help fancying that more southerly latitudes would suit you better. It's broiling hot where we're bound to, sir ; you'll have a taste of it this side afore you gets there, and as to anyone you have consarn in being on that island of Stone's, why the chance 1b so much against it that I wouldn't take it into calculation it I was yon, sir, but think only of your health, and keep to the south side.' ' No doubt you're right as regards the difference of the climate between the equator and the latitude, say, of the Cape of -iood Hope,' said Fortescue, ** bufc I here sa idea, that eome ©f the survivors of 4he V-cwilam may be oil that inland which E you call StoneVisland— a good name for ft !— and Mr. Stone is more correct than Mr. Bait in saying that my chief object in purchasing this vessel and making the voyage was to satisfy my mind on that subject.' TTiram Weeks could not restrain his curiosity. ' Beg pardon, I'm sure, Mr. Fortescue, but if you've no better authority for be lieving survivors to be on the island than supposin' won't it come to making this woyage a very expense job to you if you find that there's nothen living when you get there?' ?' Let us get there first, '.said Fortescue, with perfect amiability, but in a tone which compelled Hiram to understand that the subject had been carried far enough. The skipper took the hint, and after a stare at the skylight and then a look at the tell-tale compass, and uttering a brief marine growl at the weather he went on deck. He was puzzled, and stood a minute in the companion-hatch, rubbing his nose and peering at old Stone, who stood to windward of the tiller clapping his breast for warmth ; he had half a mind to talk the thing over with the mate, be cause his curiosity had been excited by hearing Mr. Fortescue himself say that his principal object in making the voyage was to seek some friends in the far-off island. 'As how,' he said to himself, ** could he know there was any of 'em there ? for the mere hoping that they were there wasn't going to make a man spend all two thousand pounds and travel twenty [thousand miles and leave his duties ashore to take care of them selves ; but after contemplatively squint ing awhile at Stone, he reflected that Mr. Fortescue would be annoyed if it came to his ears that the captain of his vessel was talking and arguing about him ; so instead he told the mate to go below and get his dinner ; and took his place on the weather quarter, after a yell to the fellow in the bows to keep his eyes skinned, for, said he, addressing the seaman who was grasp ing the tiller rope. 'Confound me, Harry, if this here smother isn't like a cauldron that I once saw bilin' in a theayter when a piece was being presented called * Macbeth.' There was some old women collected around that job, and among other things I reck'Iect of their chucking in was a lizard's leg and a Jew's liver, and the blood of a sow as had ate her little uns. «* Who was goin' to swaller tha likes of such broth as that ?' said the Tmlm«;piq,n- whose mahogany face looked almost black in the dusky drizzle, and from contrast with the reddish beard that forked straight out over the collar of his oilskin coat. 'P'raps them old women meant it for sailors.' ' It's not the broth I'm talking about,' said Weeks, ' it's the hallegory, if you know what that means. I say that this here smother is like the smoke from the cauldron I saw, only instead of ghosts coming up out of it, as they did in that theayter play, it'll be wessels to run against;' and then, with a long look round, he felt for a piece of tobacco, and muttered, 'two eyes ain't enough fora sailor. If nautical men had been taken into consideration wnen this here airth came blooming up into life out of nothen at all, I allow they'd have been treated as the peacock is, eyes enough to sleep with and keep a look-out with at the same time ; eyes for the head and eyes for the starn ; eyes like yours and mine for fine weather, and eyes like a proper ship's glasses when it dxawed up thick.' ?' That's about it, sir,' said the other, 'only you'd need to have eyes fixed where a man could use 'em when he was dressed. Sight 'ud be of little use, fair or foul, if a man had to blind it every time he put on his clothes. ' Weeks had reason to grumble, because those days of Channel thickness put a deal of heavy responsibility upon him. It was not the cold, nor the wet, nor the head wind ; it was having to be up and down all the time, seeing that everything was right, that the look-out was alive and keen, and so forth. He hadn't the shadow of a doubt that Mr. Stone was to be trusted up to the hilt ; but the man was old as sailors go, had knocked off the sea for some years, and wanted watching, at all events till the sky showed the road clear ; not because the spirit in perfection, wasn't In Stone, but because the flesh that had been soaked for years and years in briny water might, now that it had been brought back to the old element, decline to prove particularly willing. The fruiter waa but a little craft— 90 tons ; larger in those days than she would be thought now, but small all the same, and offering a hull which a tall, lumpish East or West Indiaman, or a massive frigate, French or English, or big warship of any nation, with bows like a cliff, thunder ing up Channel, or stretching north or south on a bowline, would rundown with out feeling more than a 'thud,' just 'enough to make the look-outpeer over the rail, and wonder whether it could have been a balk of timber or a buoy. Now and again a dingy sort of smudge would show out to port or starboard, and if the schooner was heading that way the blotch would take the shape and sub stance of a smack, perhaps, or a groaning old Sunderland pink bound, to a French port, or a rakish Yankee brig steering for London river, driving with a curtsey out of the folds of vapor into open space, more like a toy than a real vessel, with her cotton-white canvas, skysail poles, white netting round her short poop, and the metal under her counter gleaming as though a glare of sunshine touched its wetness, when after a saucy frisk or two she swung into the mist and faded out. But most of the craft the Golden Hope passed hi that dreary, drizzling, bitterly cold and blowing time were just phantoms, oozings of shadows which never took shape, yet plentiful enough to make the daylight ? not to speak of the long hours of darkness — formidable ; and a blessed hour was that when on the eve of the change of weather Stone's and Weeks' noses, each with a crystal at the end of it, met close in the light of the binnacle, in the delight the men took to note that the wind had veered with a sudden leap to the eastward of south, and that the Golden Hope might at last be headed west by north half north, with the strong breeze that had been baffling her for five days now abaft the beam. Chapter XVII. — Good Headway. Fortescue had no idea of the change in the weather until he came on deck, though he might have noticed a bluish brightness on his scuttle flashing off the dancing water. The wind had veered at midnight, and what the clergyman saw when he emerged through the companion was no longer thickness, and drizzle, and stream ing decks, and small canvas dark with damp, but a heaven of azure, with many mountainous clouds white as wool, one fold towering aboveanother withfragmenta of rainbow dissolving on their eastern skirts ; clouds so noble and majestic, so showEke in their brilliant brows, so fitted as foils for their prismatic glories of the sunlit iceberg, that it was as wonderful to mark them sailing up out of the south (where in March one fancies all the warmthlies)instead of downfromthe Arctic regions, as it was delightful to plunge the fancy into their soft depths, to observe summits, and brows, and eminences, the spurs of hills, the defiles, and ravines, and scars, all as solid to the eye as the substantial land, yet pleasantly to melt and disappear like a whiff of tobacco smoke. These vast bodies of vapor filled the sea with their shadows ; the water had not yet taken the azure of the fathom less deep, but the delicate green might well have p--«sed for a faint blue, and the sun shining afrnost astern of the schooner would, from the «dge of every cloud that swept athwart hiiM, fling a dazzle over the vessel's bows and ttanaamfce into silver the surges which raS &CTOES; the path of her stein. JForteseue«tood,ga^ng around him and , aloft lost in amazement that was a kind of transport top. The last time he had seen the Golden Hope she was a soaked and struggling vessel; and now — from the flying jibboom end to the end of the mainboom, from the foretopgaHant yard to the gaff topsail she was literally a tower of canvas. The men had got the stunnail booms on the yards at daybreak, and the sails were set — topmast and topgallant stunBails — so that the yards being braced in and yet inclined upwards by the vessel's heel to the beam wind, she looked to windward to be carrying such a weight and stretch of cloths as made Fortescue wonder they did not overset the slender fabric that raced beneath them. The fresh breeze was bitterly cold, but the flying sunshine put such joy into it that you thought of nothing but the health of its frosty kissing, and it was joyous still when the deep-bosomed clouds smote the sun and threw their shadows upon the schooner ; for the whirling beams of the luminary thus eclipsed were sure to keep the waters flashing ahead, and before the obscuration had time to make its dimness felt, the Golden Hope had rushed into the lighted surges again, flinging the spray aft ' as far aB the gangway, as though showing her triumph and exultation in the benefi cent splendor that shone upon her once more, and breaking from waterway to top mast head into a whiteness of canvas that rivalled the glittering fleecinesa of the vaporous folds which had momentarily darkened her beauty. To appreciate the amazing spread of cloths a fruiter of those days extended to the wind it would be necessary to see a painting of such a vessel. It is doubtful if there be any yacht of the present day that approaches those schooners in spread and height of canvas. It was not only their immense MHMnaails and their long headed gaff topsails j their big topmast staysail and gaff foresail, with a bowsprit and ubbooms carrying two and sometimes three jibs and a stayforesail ; you had a pile of square canvas to boot, top gallant and topsails, with long booms for stunsails, and a vast squaresail extended by the goose-necked boom, the extremity of which confined, when set, the averted apex, so to speak, of a triangular-shaped lower stunsail, the head of it extended by the whole length of the topmast stunsau boom. It may be easily supposed, there fore, that the beautifully-moulded hulls of the vessels built expressly for speed would be driven with astonishing swiftness by the great height and breadth of sails they expanded, and that for elegance, rig, shapeliness, and a score other points which a sailor's eye would love to dwell upon, they were more admired in their time than any other kind of vessel then afloat, whilst even to this day they are recalled by old seafarers as the handsomest and most weatherly craft ever sailed by Englishmen — superior, indeed, in all respects to even the famous Baltimore clippers. If ever Fortescue could have doubted Stone's judgment in recommending him to purchase or hire one of the swiftest and most beautiful of these vessels, as the Golden Hope unquestionably was, every misgiving must have been extinguished when he quitted the companion and stepped over to the quarter where the mate was standing. The men had just finished setting the lower stunsail so that the schooner had nearly every cloth she carried hoisted, and you'd notice a sort of expectant curiosity in the looks of the watch when, everything being belayed, they gazed over the side or sent their glances aloft, as if the moment for testing the clipper's heels had arrived, and it waa now to be seen what she could do under fairly favorable circumstances. 'Here it is at last, sir,' said Stone, touching his cap to the clergyman. ' Not only a fair wind, as Its called ashore, but fine weather ; almost beautiful indeed, for I don't know that ever I saw wonderf uller clouds.' .'It does not come too soon, Mr. Stone,' exclaimed Fortescue, feeling all the fresh ness and glory of the scene in his heart, though the old sailor noticed with a side peep of compassion how pale the curate's cheeks showed in the penetrating silver splendor -that was then showering down from a light blue rift, and how wild and yet sad likewise the brilliance that his large dark eyes took from the darting gleams made his eager, handsome, at tenuated face appear. 'Why one feels to be flying on the back of some great sea-fowl through the air, instead of being on the deck of a vessel.11 He raised his eyes to the immense show of canvas from which, as he watched, in the space of a breath almost, the shining of the early sun flashed out of every satin like hollow into the leeward water over whose smooth-backed surges it raced in a sheet of silver, whilst the schooner turned gray in the cloud- shadow. 'I'm not going to say, Mr. Fortescue, said Stone gravely, 'that there's no seabirds as couldn't fly faster than we're agoing ; but I'd like to lay a wager that if this here breeze kept all on blowing till we was done with it, there's ne'er a seabird as the Golden Hope wouldn't wear out and overhaul, and be too far ahead to be cotched again by him when he was ready to make sail afresh. Eh, BUI?' Thiswas addressed to William Breeches, able seaman, who was steering; for in the fruiter as in the coaster we must not look for the quarter deck etiquette of big ships ; inasmuch as Jack was as good as his master in such craft, and sometimes better, though of course orders were obeyed as smartly and work done as dutifully as if the discipline was that of a man-of-war. ' There's only one fowl,' answered Breeches, talking with his head turned from those he addressed, true to the sailor's peculiarity of appearing to notice everything but the man he converses with and to find everything interesting but what he's saying ; ' there's only one fowl, Mr. Stone, as 'ud ever think of try ing to beat the vessel by flying, and that's a bird found south o' th' equator, com monly called booby.' As Mr. Fortescue had never heard of such a bird he supposed that Breeches meant a joke, and sought his eye that he might reward him with a smile, but the sailor had apparently forgotten that he had spoken, and with his gaze levelled steadily at the schooner's head was grasp ing the tiller rope with an expression on his face that couldn't have been severer had he been arguing with a crimp. Mr. Stone, noticing the admi ration in Mr. ' Fortescue's face as he leaned against the bulwark, running his eyes from the white heights to the sea and back again, and then around the horizon, out of which the clouds were slowly soaring like huge, mountainous, enow-clad islands, would not .break in upon him ; being too well pleased that the clergyman should take his fill of the beauty of the vessel; for the old sailor waa intimately concerned in the selection of her, and Jxe had his share of vanity. Indeed, Fortescue was glad of the privi lege of befog able to look without having to converse. So far as the actual passage to the island went, the main pleasure he would be abje to derive from it .must lie in its rapidity. There could be no beauty of the sea or sky, no silver shining of sunrise, no ruby splendor of sunset, that would fill him with weariness and despon dency if the conditions of the spectacle were to be stagnant water and an idle hull. His intellectual hunger and thirst, the craving of every imaginable instinct in him, was to sight the island — to spring ashore — and in Agatha's death or in her life, in her existence^ or in the solitude of the rock to learn if the issue of his dream, so promising with its presentment of her figure, pleading and inviting, was to prove no more than the shadow and phan tasy Mr. Clay ton deemedit. Thereforewhat best delight the «ea could hold for him, he felt this morning as he watched the spring of the buoyant and beautiful fabric, from the alant of one flickering surge to the looming ,biow of a&other;, iUcgmg from her sharp bo we the spray, which was like a shower of diamonds - when the clouds obscured the sun, but which became a rainbow whenever the luminary flashed down again upon the leaping schooner that was softly and rhythmically swaying ^her lofty heights of canvas to the regular run of the sea ; so that with the sun crawling to the southward, the hurrying pencillings of shade in the deep bosoms of the sails, the swift waitings of such dimness as the interposition of a water leech, or the angle of the masts would dash upon the swollen cloths, made the full fabric lean ing towards the north, with mast-heads like golden spires, whenever the blue opened for them to show against, appear to the eye of Fortescue as if the surface upreared by the spars were mother o' pearl. But it was the exhilaration of - hope coming out of the pace, the thought that the Indian Ocean was a measurable thing, not the limitless, untrustworthy fancy it used to beat Wyloe, that put a glitter into the young clergyman's eyes when he brought them away from the serene azure rifts among' the clouds and watched the merry sparkling throbbing of water to leeward, and the delighted heaving and hurling and shearing dance of the Golden Hope, that was indeed like some living feathered creature, fresh to liberty and unable to make enough of its wings of the height of the sky over it, of the mighty freedom of the deep around it, and of the glorious music of the clear strong wind, to whose melodies all about her the sails added a stirring roll as of drums. The men had long before washed the decks down, the wind had dried the planks, and they glistened like sand ; in every bit of polished brasswork or smooth surface to give back light rose- colored Btars flashed and faded, sparkled and sped with the movement of the schooner and the sailing of the sun ; from the chimney of the little caboose the smoke of the galley fire streamed into the hollows of gaff-foresail ; the crew were preparing to get their breakfast ; some ducks and hens amidships quacked an cackled. It was a picture of homely sea life ennobled by the airy beauty in and over it — a beauty flowing as sunlight, musical as the wind, pure as the azure rifts, glad as the lumi nous washing waters, and majestic as the vaporous mountains which enriched .the heavens. Fortescue's gaze met Stone's ; the old sailor smiled. ' The schooner don't dis appoint ye, I hope, sir ?' he said. 'No, indeed ; her speed seems magoi cent. What is it should you say V Mr. Stone gave a careless look to wind ward, then a half glance to leeward. ** Ten knots, sir, nothen under ; what d'ye say, Bill?' Breeches eased himself off the tiller rope a bit to take a glance astern at the wake. Then with his former air of appearing lost in thinking of everything but Iiis answer, said, ' Nearer 11 1 should say.' 'It can easily be settled,' exclaimed Stone. 'Forward there ! lay aft a couple of you, my lads, and heave the log.' Two of them arrived. Harry Sawyer, a good sample of a sailor, with long arms fit to reach out with, and fingers like fish hooks, and long legs for climbing rigging without ratlines or for jockeying a yardarm; and Joe Hall, an ordi nary seaman, a nimble little fellow of about two-and- twenty, with grinning eyes, rough -hair, and so pliant and boneless in his postures that he was more like an eel than a man. He held the log- reel, Sawyer the glass, and Stone hove the chip over board. Mr. Fortescue heard the reel rattle as it spun, and watched Sawyer's eyes meeting in a squint in the sand-glass as he held it against the sky, whilst Stone helped the chip by a pull now and then at the line that made little Joe Hall sway again. ' ' Stop !' bawled Sawyer, and stop it was with what seemed to Mr. Fortescue to be half a mile of line towing astern. Stone groped for the knots. 'Nearer eleven than ten, sir,' said he, with a face full of wonder and triumph, ' by all that's ? ' He checked himself in the pre sence of the clergyman, and added, 'See ! here's the mark for the half , and there's another quarter out as well. Ten and three-quarters !' ' Ay,' said Breeches, turning his back to say it, ' and if you was to allow an other quarter for the drag, mate, you be nearer the mark yet.' Captain Hiram Weeks at this point stepped on deck, red-eyed from a nap, and looking peculiarly gaunt, and sallow, and hollow, and long, in the bright morning light. He saluted Mr. Fortescue, and in stantly said, 'What's ahe doing, Mr. Stone?' 'Ten and three-quarters by the log, but all eleven, as Bill here says, allowin' for the drag, sir.' ' Let 'em talk of steam after this, Mr. Fortescue,' said Hiram, coming to the weather quarter with a stride ; and with protruding eyes full of sharp sailorly in telligence, he overhauled the extent of the canvas and the trim of everything aloft in a flash, as it were, so fast did he take it all in ; and then afterwards, with the pleased expression the face of any sort of sea captain will take when the wind is of the right kind and all things else as they should be, he cast bis gaze around the horizon. 'HiUol' said he. 'A sail a-head there, Mr. Stone.' Fortescue, who had been watching the tedious operation of reeling in the logline, looked in the direction Indicated by the skipper, and observed a tiny star-colored object hovering like the tip of a swan's wing upon the dim weltering blue of the sea, about a point and a quarter on the weather bow. 'She was sighted at dawn, but she growed's bigger since,' said Mr. Stone, with a complacency that for some minutes puzzled Mr. Fortescue, who said — 'A sail! Is that a ship?' ' Ay, sir,' answered Hiram, going to the companion; 'a ship according to law, because it's evident she ain't pro pelled by oars. But whether she's a ship according to sailors, or only a brig, or a schooner, there's no telling for a bit ; but only for a bit, sir, for we're catching her up fast enough to satisfy the impatience of a lady who's got to open a bandbox afore she can tell how .what's inside it'll become her.' Saying which he smiled gauntly up at Fortescue, and bawled in a hoarse note to ' Johnny' to bring him his glass. When the telescope arrived and was levelled the gleaming object ahead proved to be the royak and topgallant sails of what the skipper Baid was a big ship, 'Steering the same course as ourselves,' said Cap tain Hiram. * ' A frigate, maybe, bound to the Mediterranean, or, what's more, like, a tea waggon going our road to the Hindies. But whatever she may prove to be th' Hope, Mr. Fortescue, ain't .going to let her remain a mystery long ;' and a mute would have smiled to hear the bray like laugh this long, lean, lank, and leather fellow gave as he rolled his eyes all over the schooner and chafed his hands, as if he were working to get the stains of tar out. (To be continued). 