THE BLUE-AND- WHITE ROOM. {St. James Gaulle.) I was staring straight in to Christmas- time with a pen in may hand, when a blob of ink fell on the blotting paper. The ink was blue and the blotting- paper white, and they reminded me between them that it was about time I had said my say about my married sister's No. 1 spare bedroom. There is a saying about good-natured people's looking at things through rose coloured spectacles. My married sister would not thank you for surveying that room through them. They would not harmonise with the colouring of the room, which is blue and white ; and my sister would resent the intrusion of any spectacles that were not blue. The first night I spent in that room I noticed that the blind was tied up in such a way that I could not put it down. It had snowed all day, and when I put my head on the pillow, the cold back garden was a heavy white ghost at the window. I did not like it and I said so next morning. My sister explained that the effect of the snow was so good against the blue and white. I think that was my first flash into what her spare bedroom had become to my sister. Yet she was married but thc other day ! Now it is the truth that that room struck me first in a humorous aspect. The doctor's face soon drove the gloom out of mine. My brother-in-law is a doctor, and he has a keen sense of humour. Many a time have I said things that made him fling back his head. But when I men- tioned the blue-and-white room he uncrossed his legs nervously. We were down stairs in the surgery ; but he glanced hurriedly to the door and hts pipe went out. I caught him looking covertly at me ; and after an uncanny silence, he said "The blue-and-white room," and laughed an unnatural laugh. When he had made an excuse to leave me I sat on smoking. Things gradually revealed themselves to me, and I saw that his reserve did him much credit. There are subjects which are best not discussed, even between brothers-in-law ; and since then I have not mentioned thc blue-and-white room to him. When we bade each other good-night that evening it was with an unusual grip of the hinds. We understood each other. My grip meant that, though he was a married man who had consequently brought it on himself, I sympathised with him ; aud his meant that if he had his way 1 would not have to sleep in thc bluc-and-white room. To say that the bedroom is a study in blue and white is not to do it anything like justice. In the furnishing of that room my sister bas disclosed a genius which we thought she quite lacked in her maiden days. I found this out gradu- ally. Thc person who occupied the bluc-and-white room never took it in at a glance. Ile was always finding out something new (in blue or white.) The room grew upon him ; and with it admiration for my sister. Take the case of tba books. One day the doctor missed from his library a medical treatise; he could find it nowhere. The lady of thc house was questioned, and she suggested that he should make usc of one of the other books instead. This put him on the scent. He went straight to the blue-and-white room, and soon returned with the treatise. This induced me to make a scrutiny of tho bookshelf in my bed- room. All the books were blue or white. My sister, I discovered, had searched for books suitable for a blue and-white bedroom ; and the books suitable for a blue-and-white bedroom are books that are bound in blue or white. They were not a happy family up on that shelf. There were two of Black's novels, a parliamentary hand- book, a Thomson aud Tait's " Elements of Natural Philosophy," an " Anatomy," and several other medical works, a copy of Horace, two tune-tables, &c.; One day I noticed that some Blue Books had been added. They were too large for the shelf, so were laid in a dégage attitude on the dressing tallie. My sister is not one of those people who fur- nish a room and have done with it. Once I missed a packet of business envelopes, and was just going out in an unpleasant state nf mind to buy more when I remembered that they were white envelopes, and that thc packet was kept together by a blue paper band. So I went to my bedroom instead, and there they were on a small table beside an ink bottle. I did not try the ink, but I have not the least doubt that it waa blue. The matchbox was painted in blue and white, and so were two photograph frames. 1 had with me a black dressing-case which vexed her for many days. I did not know this, or of course 1 should have stowed it away. One day I saw her busy sewing what looked like a small blue pillow-case ; and Boon afterwards I found that case with my bag inside it. Sly initials bad been neatly sewn in blue upon a white label on the top. One of my sister's few failures was the coal-scuttle. It was a tiny wooden one, and she had painted it a delicate blue, with a white haudle for the shovel. But the fire did for that delicate blue, making the scuttle look ter- ribly grimy. So in my time coals were brought from the kitchen- unfortunately coals are black-by a maid, who, whether by accident or design, wore a white cap with blue ribbons. I have not men- tioned the slippers. They had been specially sewn by my sister for the blue and-wbite room, so £ need not tell their colour. They were not meant for use, but they looked very well at the side of the fireplace-I soy at the side of the fireplace, but it is too vague a phrase to be accurate. There was ono spot which was supposed to be the best for these slippers, and they were never long off it. The only joke I ever played on the blue and-white room had these slippers for apparatus. I got to notice that if they had been accidentally moved a hairs- breadth from their proper place they were always returned to it when the room was put to rights. I tried the expei ¡monts of moving the slippers every morning. Sometimes I put them beneath a chair : at other times I merely carried them to the other side of the fender. Sometimes I tucked them underneath a wardrobe ; once I dropped them into the waste- basket j but, no matter where I put them, they were always returned to their right place, and not a word said. Let it not be supposed that there is not an education in a bluc-and-white room. When my sister married, she was the only girl in the family who could or would not sew. Look at the bag she sewed for my dressing-case, and the slippers. What taught her to sew ? Why, the blue-and-white room. As for painting, she never knew in her school- days how to hold a brush. But who painted the match-box, the photograph frames, and the coal-scuttle ? My sister. What made her fit to do that. The blue-and-white room again. When I consider all this, I cease from smiling, I wonder at the concatenation of things, and am proud of my sister. 