Bishop Goe's Farewell to his Parishioners. I 'Argus, March 29) J " Parting Wor," is the title of a pamphlet con- taining the two trowell sermons delivered by Bishop Goe, in t\ parish church of St. George, Bloomsbury, where\a0 has m:niatered for the last ten years. They ¡^ full of affectionate remem- brance of the relatiQahip in which he has stood toward his people, i^h a ¿eep feoling of the re- sponsibility of the ma who professes to enlighten others on the objects xf faith and the conduct of life, and with an earnesV}Xhortation to his hearers to cling firmly to the rinciples of Christianity which they have received. The sermons, however, are interesting to Victotn8, not only because they represent the summL Up 0f no inconsider- able portion of the BishopVteaching and life, but also because they afford an ^dication of the tono which he wi". bring to the qoniai church, and of the beliefs which ho will feel Wseif bound to sup- port. Dr. Goe, it need hariy ho said, is of the Evangelical school. Its speen phraseolo"y, its metaphors, its hopes, its form oVppeai to tie feel- ings of an audience, aro all v^ble' in every line. His preaching abounds in the a pictures of the future, which have always a pcW anu meaning even to the minds of those wh\have departed furthest from the beaten pathwaVf the faith of centuries. But he fully recogniBes^the same time the value of the other forms whic" the spirit of religion assumes. "Divine truth," V sa,yS) « ¡s a vast circle so ample in its sweep thaq finite mind can grasp a segment of it here and tilT, but not the whole. Our knowlege of truth is fWientary ; 'now we know in part.' It is not giveft0 any on¿ man, nor even to any one section of the^,.^ to discern truth in its entirety, nor to assr. to each particular truth its just proportion in ration to other truths." His view of religious diflVnces is that best suited to the episcopal mind, if ep»Opa0yj with its concentration of government, istoV.serv.é the independence. " Every man who lia hppn raoved by the Holy Ghost to take upon biv this office and ministry has his own messa» ^0 deliver-a message which he only can giv«." ¿hop Goe appears to be endowed with the inestiiih]e gift of a largo common sense, and with a faculfpf putting the highest truths in the most pract^i way. His eloquence is not the eloquence of >e schools, but rather of the man who is deeply ct, vinced of the importance of the messago which \ is called upon to deliver, and speaks earnestly f roi the heart. His style and doctrine may be gauged^ by the following extract, which forms the conclusion i of one of the sermons :-" If we, then, would realise the manifestation of the power of God in keeping our feet without slipping as we pursue our pilgrimage here below, and in presenting us faultless before the presence of His glory, with exceeding joy, on the day,of His appearing, away with unbelief, for it is our greatest enemy ; it is tho most fatal hind- rance to our salvation. Cultivate a simple, ear- nest, child'ike confidence in your Heavenly Father's power; cast yourselves wholly on his previous promises, which are firm and unchangeable as the everlasting hills ;' and you shall know, here in part, more fully hereafter, that He is faithful that calleth you." 