The Mysterious Bell-riugmgs A great, strange, desolate, awful old boose etands in a quarter of New Orleans which once was fashionable, but whioh is now a lurking-place for negroes, European immi grants, desperadoes, and malaria. Isolated, four huge stories in height, its material a solemn, dark-brown, stony oncK, its front distinguished by two projecting cres cents, its basement windows dungeon-like, with wrought-iron gratings, it gtves you the idea of a French chateau rather than of an American dwelling. This aristocratic appear ance is enhanced by the solid architecture of the stables,' and by an enclosing wall nine feet in height 'fringed with long iron spikeB. It is still further enhanced by an unmistak able air of solitude, neglect, and decay. Many panes of glass are broken ; some of j the windows are closed np with gray, cob- webbed boards ; the foundations of the front \- steps are loosened, and the atones are eliding down ; no trace anywhere of sweeping, dust ing, repairing, or any other manner of oare. In a quarter teeming with unfortunates, who would be only too glad of substantial shelter, this lordly mansion is uninhabited. Not a human face ever looks from the bleared win dows ; not a human foot ever disturbs the dust on the slanted doorsteps. An ominous circumstance, whioh has the air of marxing the place for eternal loneliness, is a fastening of rusty nails aud wire aorosa the handle of the bell-pull. Before this house gained the evil fame of being haunted, and while it was still familiar to the feet of the aristocracy of New Orleans, Mr. Henry Yanderlyn, then only twenty -four, years old, rang one day at his door-bell. No answer. He rang again and waited ; he looked at the windows to see if the place was inhabited ; he took a third pnll at the agate knob; Btill no answer. Meanwhile, either through the enormous key-hole or through the spacious oraok at the bottom of the door, both so characteristic of Southern architecture, he could hear stealthy etepa and cautious whisperings. " Do they take me for a robber ? " he queried ; " or is there a negro insurrection j panic abroad?" His patienoe gave ont, and he was about to depart, when a close coupe drove up to the curb-stone. A lady in deep mourning, who was so veiled that be oonld not distinguish her features, but whose form and carriage exhaled a delicious odor of youth and dis tinction, pushed open the door of the vehiole with a small, gloved hand, and presently stood on the broad Bteps of the mansion. For a moment the two faced each other without speaking; then he ventured to say: "Am I addressing Mrs. Taillefer? " I ' Ah, Mr. Yanderlyn ! " she answered ; "so you have come on, as yon promised. What a pity that I receive no one! However," — after a brief hesitation— "I mil receive yon. Please come in." I Instead of touohing the bell, she rapped on I the door with the head of her parasol. It was I at onoe opened. Within stood two mnlatto girls and a negro man; they seemed to be trembling, as if with fright. " We didn't dast open befo', 'cause it rung," Btammered the negro, in a whisper, mean while bowing in ceremonious apology. Vetiea m !> J SI J fll 111 I AlOTOt UIIUU) Ittputill ililDi AttlUwiCl) ILL an impatient tone and with a gesture which commanded silence. " If Mr. Pilkington calls, let him in. No one else." Signing to Yanderlyn to follow her, she led the way into a parlor, spaciobs and lofty enough for a ball-room, and rich with old, oarved, mahogany furniture. " Have the kindness to siidown," she said. "Yon see that 1 onght not to have received you. I am In mourning for the death of my husband. But you had come so far, I did not feel that I ought to send you away. Be sides, you contributed so much to our plea sure at Saratoga. I am delighted to welcome ou." Under the circumstances Yanderlyn was slightly shocked at snoh classic terseness and repose. At Saratoga he had studied the Taillefers carefully; and, as he thought, pro foundly; he had set down Anthony Taillefer as a devoted husband, and Diane Taillefer as a happy wife; he had supposed that, in ease of_ the death of either, the survivor would grieve paesionately, Hence the Sallustian brevity of that announcement: "I am in mourning for the death of my husband," struck him temporarily dumb. His unpleasant impressions were instantly dissipated when the widow drew aside her veil and revealed that face which had charmed hiB previous summer into a season of the Isole Felici. Such eyes ! So intensely black, yet of so many BhadeB of blackness, and so full of dazzling lights ! Whenever Yanderlyn tried to analyze Mrs. Taillefer's face, with the intention of determining whether it were entirely beautiful or not, he began and ended with looking at her eyes. It is known to ns, however, that she. was a brilliant brunette, with features slightly aquiline in type, enclosed in a fine oval. Her expression was calm, self-possessed, well-bred ; but, aB people who were not bewitched by her de clared, it was unpleasantly cold : if not dis tinctly selfish, it was at least unsympathetio. In figure she was taller and more graceful than most women of French blood ; and her carriage was singularly upright, imposing, and, one might say, imperial. Vanderlyn gazed at her with the delicate sympathy, the almost religions respeot, which the young and pare mast grant to beauty in mourning. The chivalronB admiration with which this woman had inspired him, and by means of which she had drawn him a thous and miles merely to look upon her once more developed for the first time into something akin to love. He wae ready to clutoh himself by the throat with anger, when he discovered that, in spite of the sanctity of her fresh weeds, he was contemplating the possibility of wooing her. After a little conversation — not abont the dead, or the widowhood; only about that pleasant season in Saragota — Vanderlyn, in his youthful delicacy, rose to leave. " Don't go," urged Mrs. Toillefer. "Don't suppose that yon are annoying me. I should not have let you in had that been possible. I have not half done questioning yon abont things and people at the North. In spite of our local vanity, the North is our metropolis. When a New Yorker comes here, he is a Parisian, c>i province. Stay to dinner. And while I go and dress, amnse yourself, in your masculine way, with books and pictures." While she was gone, Yanderlyn inspected a row of venerable oil-paintings, mainly of the French, bat a few of the Spanish and Italian schools, Buch as are to be found in New Orleans in greater nnmbers than in any other American city. Presently he heard a knook at:the outer door ; then came a Blow, ponderous, groaning advance ..through the hall ; then he turned to look at a visitor. The new-comer was a man of prodigious and plethoric corpulence. Although of the ordinary height, he seemed short, in conse quence of the unwieldly size of his abdomen and the deformed hugeneBB of his head. The locks, of long, thin oily-brown hair behind his ears were carefully combed upward and forward, to conceal as much as possible the I baldness of his shiny and spotted scalp. He was almost devoid of eyebiows and eyelashes, and the edges of his Bwollen lids were fiery with inflammation. Under the eyes, were brownish and dropsical bags, the distress sig nals oilong and cruel indigestions. The rest of his face — the vast forehead and temples, the flaooid, drooping tumors of his cheeks, the sad procession of double-chins which de- | scended into his cravat— had been stained to a uniform dull, thick yellow by the malaria of Louisiana. Although dressed in the latest fashion, his form excited both disgust and pity, so gross and helpless was its crapulence. His breath came in hoarse wheezes, prophetic I of fatty degeneration of the heart, or of the j crash of apoplexy. I Bnt, hideous, cumbersome, and doubtless I in pain as this man, was he had an air of gen- I tility, or, at leaBt,. of courtliness. On per- I ceiving Yanderlyn, he bowed, with a slow, I megatherian grace, and said, in a voice which I was mellow, despite its huskiness, " Good I morning, sir. Excuse my not observing yon on my fust entrance. The darkness of the apartment, eir." Then he carefully settled himself upon a sofa (no chair in the room was big enough to contain him), holding his hat between the table-lands of bis knees, and groaning for ! breath with an air of suppressed distress. " May I enquire whether you have business with Mrs. Taillefer ?" he asked, after Yan derlyn had made some commonplace response to his salutation. " If so, I will retire." " Not at all. I am Bimply an acquaintance. I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. and Mrs. Taillefer at the North last summer." "Ah! excuse my question. I thought yon might have called on business, as Mrs. Taillefer receives so few people. Yon are, doubtless, aware that her huaband has lately deceased." Yanderlyn suspected that this courteous monster wished him to go away ; bnt he did not feel disposed, nor, indeed, at liberty to aocord that gratification. " Mrs. Taillefer has just informed me or her husband's death," he observed. " She is dressing at present, I believe. I have no doubt she will be willing to see yon, if your name is Pilkington." f ."Ah! thank yon," replied the corpulent gentleman, opening his inflamed eyes in slight astonishment, bnt not forgetting to bow. " My name is Pilkington. So yon are doubtless, well acquainted with Mrs. Taillefer ?" he continued, unable to repress I an air of interest. " I presume to congratu late you, sir. A most charming and admir able woman ! She informed you, then, of the death of her lamented and noble husband. Doubtless she needs sympathy. Did she, perhaps mention to you this annoying little affair of the bell-ringings ? No? Well, she undoubtedly will do so. A very cations mystery, those same beU-ringings." " I should be happy to hear abont them, if there Is no impropriety— if Mra. Tail lefer "Of oourse she would not objeet," inter rupted Pilkington, turning purple with the effort at courteous haste. " Public talk, my dear Bir ; all over New Orleans already. It is an exceedingly singular oase, either of spiritual manifestations, or of outrageous persecution. If you don't object, I will tell you the etory. There will be plenty of time. We know these ladies, sir. They are a long while in changing their attire when it is a question of receiving a handsome and ac complished yonng gentleman." "I am exceedingly obliged to yon," bowed Yanderlyn, quite prostrated by snoh a torrid simoon of civility. " It is a mere little matter of bell-ringing," continued the immense Pilkington, with a smile broad enough for a planet. " A ridic ulous little door bell. Only fancy the absurd ity of it. I should say, however, that there are several bells in the plot. But it was the mischievous little bronze at the front door which began it. When that was temporarily tied up, all the other bells took up' the clatter. _ Positively I must be allowed to stigmatise it as a clatter," he explained with an apologetioal bow. "I am a Sonthener, sir, ana i pride myself on using the diction of Addison, as ib the case with our Southern gentry. But in this instance I must be | allowed the commonplace word, clatter. Such ! an impertinent, worrying noise, my dear sir ! However, I will begin with the door-bell, that is, at the entrance of my story. Pardon my little jokes, sir. Humor, bacohant humor, 1 sweetens life. Are you not fond of it yonr-' self, Bir? I have no doubt, judging from ..your genial expression, that you frequently I indulge in it." I After puffing and perspiring for a moment I over hie spirit of wit, he resumed : " Well, to I my tale, as the poet says. The Taillefers, you must know, are one of bur old families. French blood, sir, and a good vintage. This noble mansion was erected by Eustace Tail- I lefer, father of Anthony, or Antoine. Eus tace was at that time one of the wealthiest planters, and was always one of our highest- , toned geutlemeu. A bit expensive, a little disposed to rivrc, a good deal in debt at laet, but always high-toned. Well, sir, he died — it is the common lot of humanity — he bowed to (it with his native courtesy. That was only five years ago. Anthony undertook to economise and clear the estate. But he got married. He won a splendid wife,- sir— a leader of Bociety, a queenly creature; The devil 1' Buch a woman must have her dresses ; she-must live in a style suitable to her ; don't you see it? We can't blame her; we sympa thise with her. But the result was that the estate did not get cleared." I Here he - paused, looking at Yanderlyn's faee with attention, as if to see whether he had begun to produce his effect. It seemed as though he were endeavouring to show the young man that here was a woman who muBt not be sought for, unless' the seeker were armed with a long pnrBe. As .Yanderlyn had a purse of some, one hundred thousand I pounds, he did not feel pungently alarmed. "Perhaps we may venture to suppose," continued the man-mountain, " that Anthony Taillefer's life was shortened by his finnnninl I difficulties. His death was sudden, sir — I frightfully sadden. Greduloas people have asserted that he need poison to hasten it. Some of the symptoms reminded physicians of strychnine. However, that is absurd — I venture to say almtnl. Taillefer was broken ; had too heavy a load, couldn't last longer. Well, sir, on the day after the funeral, curi ously enough— on the very day after— began this little bell. This mee-aerable little bell," he repeated, with an emphatic grin. " The wretohed ting-a-ling- ling ! Of course, it was supposed that someone had oalled. Thefoot- I man opened: the door, and found — nobody! j' Imagine the fright of a nigger— an Ignorant I superstitious nigger— when this was re peated, when it happened a dozen timeB a day 1 Ting-a-ling-ling : door flies open ; nobody there. Nigger elamB the door to, and rushes back to the yard, as white as a nigger can be. All the servants took fright '; really! yon can't blame them;- Taillefer but just buried, and that ting-a-ling-ling in the house —an incomprehensible, ghostly ting-a-ling- ling." ' Mr- Pilkington seemed to enjoy bis own j eloquence. ' His nnctnous smile played all j over Vanderlyn, like a spont from, an engine I charged with sweet-oil. But beneath this I satisfaction and geniality there was a twinkle I of inspection and calculation, as if he were r studying' to see how the tale affected the I young man, and how mnch more of it wonld be/ necessary to produce Eome desired re sult.';/. " You 'may suppose— of course, my dear sir, you have inferred— that the mystery has made a noise. As I am thl business agent of Mrs. Taillefer I took the matter in hand. I have bad all the pundift of New Orleans here. One thought it was electricity ; an other, that it was a trick of the servants. _ It was suggested that I should cut- the bell wire. I had it cut. The extraordinary result was that the trouble increased ten-fold. Themys- ! tery rang all the bells— it rang them one by one, and it rang themtogether ; it rang them behind our backs, and before our eyes. It i3 most extraordinary— it is absolutely un earthly. My dedr sir, I almost feel at liberty ; to say to yod that you are in .a haunted house." „ : The young man did not know what to think nor how to feel. On the one hand, the idea that Mrs. Taillefer was persecuted fay a ghost, or by a mystery which simulated the ghostly mode of action, tended to giye her the interest of romance and make her mdto attractive. On the other hand, there seemql- to be an undercurrent of meaning in Mr/ Pilkington— an insinuation -that there had been something unnatural or evil, in the lifa of this family; that there was something perilous abont the lady who now represented it. 'Scarcely had these eonflicting ideas crossed their rapier points in his mind, when Mrs. Taillefer entered the room and inter rupted the dnel. The weight, oi four hundred pounds of flesh and the distress of untold diseates could not 'prevent Mr. Pilkington from rising and greeting her with elaborate courtesies. "When she tranquilly gave him her hand, ha bent over it with the air of dropping a kiss upon it. There was an expression of real jealousy, and of counterfeit -triumph in his jaundiced eyeej as he glanced at Yanderlyn, and Baid: "Southern chivalry, my dear eir. Wo worship divinity." "Mr. Pilkington," observed Mrs.' Taillefer, with a slightly repressive intonation, " this is Mr. Yanderlyn, of New York, a very kind friend of mine. Perhaps yon will find him useful in your investigations," Mr. Pilkington's huge countenance fell j his jealousy upset hiB late triumph. "Ab, certainly," he replied, with well oiled readiness. ' Yon must understand;Mr. Yanderlyn— I am extremely happy to make yonr acquaintance, eir— that Mis- Tailleferis annoved bv an incomnrehensibla and villainous persecution -There iB a myster ious bell-ringing abont ths house," he went on, as if he had never mentioned the eubjeot before. " It la J serious disturbance. I have done myself the honor to offer to examine the mystery thoroughly. 1 pro pose to stay in the house night and day until I have dstected the authors of the triok. I shall be happy— as Mrs. Taillefer graciously pewits— to have your company and assis tance." "Nothing wonld please me better," said Yanderlyn. " I have often wanted to hunt a . ghost." Pilkington's countenance descended still lower, until it seemed likely .to coyer diis-, whole person — a gigantic apron or gloomy - . blabber. " The two men ate at the honse that day and passed the night there. . To both of them Mrs. Taillefer was charming ; it was very easy for her to be so. Meantime, there were occasional tintinna bulations without discoverable cause. The bell- wires had been oht, as Pilkington had saidKbut had been' replaced in order to pro, vokefresh manifestations, with.: ft view to discovering the origin of the distqrbance; and, the moment the wires were in working order, the ghost was at them. Thrice during the afternoon a sharp jingling sent Yander-v lyn into the hall and Pilkington to the win dow. In vain : nobody was at the door ; no body wbb in the passages. If the originator t of the clamor were a living Iranian creature,, n- he was sly and quick enough to deserve ? , ghost's highest praise. Of the servants he was, for a while, grimly suspicious; he believed that the "everlast ing nigger " waB at the bottom of thiB, as of all other Southern tronbles ; but, after close watching, he was obliged to clear the Taillefer Africans of the eharge of of counterfeiting Bpectres. Horribly afraid of the " obi," they remained silenfand brooding, like dispirited hens, in their own odrnercl the establish ment, whispering about "?ojudoos," gather ing into knots when the bett rang, and obey ing the summons with extreme reluotance, (Concluded in our next.) 