TALES AND SKETCHES. f the gaverocks. | A TALE OF THE CORNISH COAST. Br the Author or " Jotin Herring, " | ' Mehaiah," " Count BorAt," &c.; j Chapter VII. —The Pedlar's Pack. i "Halloo 1 You in hero, Hose ? Loveday? i Whatl the lads and the maidens in dark- nsss?" j The roieo was that of old Gaverock, ' "You hero too, Anthony?" r The voice was that of old Loveys. ; "Light! Let us haven light I shouted old i Gaverock, "Here's myself and the rest of. ns ! old folks come to look for you through the I storm" ' "Light I light!" shouted Dennis. Then a snap, a flash of sparks, scattering in j all directions, and in a moment the candles were flaming again. Header stood in the doorway ; he had let the Curtain fall behind hiin, and his face was full of astonishment and dismay. What did this mean ? This snap and flash ? The sound was familiar lohim ; the place was strange to his eyes. He looked about him in a bewildered manner, at the collection of musty articles in the booth, and then he fixed his eyes with a wide stare on the pedlar. He put his hand to his brow, drew it over his eyes, and his month fell open. "What is this?. Whoarcyou? What is here?" he asked. "Come away, Bose ; come away, Miss Penhalligan. Gorans, we must be driving home." "Oh, uncle I" said Boso: Trewhella, "we have had such u 6traugo exhibition. Are you feud of dancing dogs ? Thoro is a really marvellous performing dog here. : Perhaps the master will show you some tricks before wo leave." : i "Have you been hurt?" osko'd Gorans, approaching the pedlar. ' You . must excuse my friend — my companion — ho forgot himself, I hope ho has not hurt you ?" 'dtirt 1" laughed the strango mail. ' ' Hurt I "Come away,!' said old Gaverock, with a tone full of uneasiness. " This is not a fit place for you girls. Faughf.it smells— it smells of a vault. Como away : wo must be returning homo." Ho was manifestly ill at ease. He kept his eyes fixed on the pedlar with .something liko awm in thcin. Bose, with her perversity of nature, now wnnted to slay. A few minutes Dcioro she had wishod to leave. But old Gavo- foclr would tako no rofnsal ; he would not allow delay. Ho grew the girls outsido tho booth, and only then broathed freely. Gerans remained behind, and offered tho man flalt-a-gmnea. said tho pedlar, " I havo sold you boughtof me. ""l ntUnS >'00 have ''®utJ'oar wares mo not such as the ladles care tor," packU kaT n'; Sccn con'cu's my "Let me look. " ni tho 'adios most see, not you." wni wln e tho Paok to the inn. They 1WI bethcro some minutes boforo leaving Wado- tooV , w'thout more ado, 6tooped and blaelr m-i >i«ii03C wicker work covered with naek .l' l ;. he lras unable to carry his L'a Wv f od in.mi because of tho hump in neck ' car"od it in front, slang round his ffient " hurdr-e"rdv player carries his instru- ?iU stiow my pretty things;" he said, men— nni you> 6lr; nor foe any of the gentle- Cerans tothota " lhen he foUowcd WeUlLhK,/ W?«.aH' ere 'n - tho long room, traps to h« v> J? 1 waitinE for 'ho horses and Snll ?W,0Mld. When the pedlar ? ket and raised the lid expecting to wm an(1. tope. But 6othini> w ir Sut,''fI5? to fmd that it contained Tear— fn«? 05 7 ot that time of the diiriniJ h'on. hail'and snow wero tlomiln - lbe ht>> whoa the winter every flowe! Ban»B every leaf off tho trees and the blMMm!rm ,ts "toml ft- was true that twes, thatSnAWOr in,0Btly those of monthly . — lifato'oom up till Christmas i stiU; the .sight of a basketful of them presented in a heated inn parlor to men laden with wine and spirits, and inclined to be nproarions, was incongruous a done up in little bunches: tho SL r?0"' 3 introduced ; the Noisette and tho China roses ; buds with loaves, and ha? fern W<!rS " blW' with a little maidaa- Tlie men laughed ; some scoffed. The ladies were delighted, and the young men eagerly bought bouquets for them. Probably tho ped lar did a better trade in those perishable articles threads dU0 wiUl uecllI(:3 aid Gnardiol" cried Bose, "yon must' posi tively take home a very large bunch for dear aunt. You could bring her no fairing that would plcusc her better." "My love," said Mr. Loveys to his wife, choose your posy and command iny purse." " I must give one to you, Miss Bose, and another to you. Miss Loveday," said Gorans. It is carrying coals to Newcastle to offer roses to the Queen Bose— the Sanspareille," said Dennis. r ' "Beally, Mr. Dennis," exclaimed Base, laughing, "your labored compliments over whelm me!" "You will allow me to offer you a posy as well as Gerans?" he asked. . " I have two hands," answered Bose gariv. " I wish I bad four, to carry a bunch in each:" ' ' Then pray choose. " She thrust her hand into the basket, in among the flowers, and uttered a startled cry as she sharply withdrew it. "What is the matter?" asked Loveday, standing up. "Look I Look I" exclaimed Bose. "Thoro is n toad among them, at the bottom, hidden by the flowers." "A toad! Impossible," said Loveday, and put in her hand. Bose grasped her wrist and drow her fingers away. " Do not touch. I know there is, I felt it. You cannot see — the rose leaves liido it — hut I hud a glimpse of the beast, it spits — poison." Dennis laughed sarcastically, and shook tho basket. Then there emerged from under the sweet and delicate flowers a little round, glossy, brown object. Boso cried out, and shrank hack. Loveday recoiled also. Those crowding round the table shook it, and again the roses covered tho object from their eyes. Whatever it was it lay at the very bottom of the box. "I know it is a toad I " said Bose vehemently. "I touched its cold and clammy body, and it sent a shudder up my arm and a chUl to my heart. Look I — there again." The pressure of hands on the table, the thrust ing of men against its side eager to see for themsolves, gave movement to the box ; and for an instant a round brown object appeared to rise above the roso leaves and then, .dip under thorn again. . ' -7 "What have you got there? — in there, Hunchback ? " " Where ? " " There ; under the roses, at the bottom of your pack." " Crushed roses, bruised roso leaves. Nothing else, gentlemen, that I am aware of." " But beneath the roses ? " asked Gerans. " Nothing at all." "There 1 See! Peeping up again above them." " This is the best way to ascertain," said Dennis, and he tamed the basket over on the table. "My posies! — my flowers I — you will spoil them 1 cried tho pedlar in dismay. Tho heap of flowers law strewn about, and among the beautiful pink and white blossoms lay a small doublo barrelled pistol, with rusty barrels, but rvith a polished curled haudle of brown mottled wood ; so shaped that at tho first glance, as it peeped out from among the roses, in the uncertain light of the candles, it might roadily bo takcu for a roptile. Dcnuis Peuhailigan took up the pistol and examined it. As lie did so a black spider emerged from tho bore and ran over bis baud. ; The pedlar was uneasy, and wanted to have tho weapon returned to him. He put out his hand across .the tabic, with the oilskin sleeve on it, and tried to grasp tho handlo and take it from Dennis, but the young man would not give it up. He turned the pistol over, rubbed the rust spots, aud examined tho lock ; then ho hauded it to Squire Gaverock, who was clamoring to have a sight of the weapon. " Pshaw i" exclaimed tho old man. "Do you call this a pistol ? It is more fitted for ladios than men. It might knock over a sparrow, nothing bigger." Ho tossed the pistol back. Another took it up and looked at it. So it was passed round. "What do you want for it?" asked Mr. Loveys. " It is worth tho value, of old iron, nothing more." "It is not mine, sir j it is not for sale. Give me my little pistol back. H I had thought to uso it I would never put it among flowers to rust." . Dennis took hold of the weapon again. "IJray. mind what you are about," said Gerans. "It may be loadod ; and you are pointing tho barrel' at me." " Will you soil it ?" asked Fenlialligan of tho pedlar. " You do not want it," said his sistor. " It is an ugly plaything ; what could you do with it?" " Play with it, as it isa plaything," answered tho youug surgeon. " Practico with it on a rainy day ; that is pleasant sport for an idle hour. I will liavo tho pistol. What is your price, Hunchback ?" " Price 1" ropoatod tho podlar. " It is not for salo ; it is worth nothing. To set it to rights will cost money, bnt tho stock is good. I will tako a guinea for the thing." Dennis opened his purso, then colored to the roots of his hair. Ho had not a guinea in his purse. "Loveday," he said. in alow tone, "lond me a few shillings." " My dear Dennis; I havo nothing." " Do you wish tho pistol vorymuch?" asked Bose. Beforo ho could reply an ostler came in to say that Squire' Gaverock's carriage, and the gigs wero rcadv. : v.: v . "The storm has abated, "said Mrs. Loveys. "Oh, look 1"; exclaimed Lovoday; glanolng through tho window, ." the .moon is shining and tho street is white with snow." ' "Hail, hail 1" corrected Gerans. "Tho moors will bo glistening white as we drive home. I hopo yorihavc wraps, MisS Lovoday j we shall -'most the- wiud.": ; :u :: In the bustle of preparation for the long drive home tire ogdla'r was forgotten'. He took the -opportunity to rcfil his basket with the scattered flowers. c',Ar« -Ttirrcaay> Mls3 Kose?" asked the « /?u 7 hors® is. impatient to be off." . thintr"01'11 cctly 5 1 bave forgotten .some-' Gerans and Loveday siarted.,' he', sky "had cleared,' a fowxurdy clotidsjhunff.iia it," like ice- noes , in a; dark .cold.. sea ;..tho groaud ^every where was white and er'acklirigluuder ithe feet of men aud horses, < v: : Tho barouche with the . squire, was shut, hut he 6houted through- the: window for a drop, of cordial all round to kcop out the cold, v ' : . Now, Mr. Dennis, lam at yorir service, "said Bose, coining ont at the door ; " it is ray fate, I behove, to be driven by you. Fortnnate I for if you upset the trap, and dislocate my neck, you arc at hand to; set it again." .He helped -her, into his gig, and in another moment were driving homewards in the wake of Gerans. In a quarter of an hour they wore ont of the valley, on the high road. On each side was moor, treeless, white, shiniog in the uioon- iight ; rocks seemed like lumps of coal, bushes as fibrous tnfts black as soot. "Gerans is out of sight," said Bose. .. " He has a better horse than mine. One such asimysolf must.-put .up with a. cob.". , : " Do you know, Mr. Penballigan, I shall liot :go.',to another Goose. Fair ; one is sufficient -.in - ajlife's experience." , ; ",Nor I,'' said ho. . ' , ' "I do not think it is quite an entertainment for a lady. One generation becomes moro. particular than another, I believe. Our suc cessors wilfbe too nice, to sit at table. 'in;an inn with men drinking, and go to a:;baotli to see dogs and tumblers. I felt all rihe'timo that dear Loveday was out of place, But Airs: Loveys liked it, and Mrs. Gaverock always attended." . '"When tho ladies decline to attonii, the gentlemen will hold- -aloof. Then 'it - will be left to; farmers and their wives to frequent the ordinary." . - -. .. "1 believe Gerans would not care to go un less accustomed to do so." : " Gerans 1" laughed the surgeon j "he goes because his father says ' Go,' and he cats, his goose because his father ' puts tho roast bird under his nose. If he obeys his wife, when he gets one, ns ho obeys his father, his daily meal will be off humble pie." " Yon are too hard on poor Cousin Gorans,' ' said Bose in an injured tone. ' l am but repeating what you have said. Yon likened him to a dancing dog tho other evening, and when I saw that poodle to-day I laughed, remcmboring your similo." Hose said nothing, but moved uneasily in her seat. So tlioy drove on, neither speaking. The white moorland, cold and shining, was stretched to the horizon on both sides. The road was indicated only by granite stones stuck on rend; capped , with snow, casting black shadows away from the moon. Everything around was iu white and black ; there was no color in tho dark sky aloft, no color in the inky sen, caught in glimpses between tho headlands ; no color in the tortured thorn-busbes aud rare crippled ashes come upon here and there. Thoy might have been driving over the surface of the full moon. l'resently Boso said, "Let us havo done with joking on that subject. It has become distasteful to me." " Perhaps tho subject of your jokes has been changed," said Dennis bitterly, "and I am the unhappy victim of your raillery. I 6aw you laughing with Gerans." Bose opened her eyes wide. " Wo wero not thinking or speaking of you." "The unfortunate and the unhappy arc not wo: thy to bo thought of by those on whom fate smiles." "Why do you speak like this, Mr. Pcnhalii- gau ?" asked Bose. " You are not unfortunate, and have no right to be unhappy. You aro very highly blessed in haviug a sistor such as Loveday, and ought to be serenely happy in such a sweet home as Nantsilian." "I may hare ambitions beyond a sister to. keep house for me, and a hired cottage, scantily furnished, with state floors." " You nro young, and have tho world before you," said Bose cheerfully. ' The world before mo," rcpoated Dennis with a sneer. " A world like this " — ho swept the horizon with his whip — ' cold, dead, shel terless, lover which to go, with- head down against tho numbing wind, without a gleam of sunshine to cheer, a continual winter moonlight, and beyond" — ho pointed with his whip to the black Atlantic — "the uufathomcd sea of Infi nite Night. It is now as ' it was of old in Egypt. Some are in day, whilst others aro im mersed in a darknoss from which thcre.is no oscnpe." Ho put his-hand into his overcoat pocket for his kerchief, as his brow was wot. "What is this? " he asked in surprise, as he drew something ' from it. ' Insensibly ho tightened tho rein, and checked tho horse. In his hand he hold a smalt pistol, and the moon glinted on its polished stock and rusty barrel Boso laughed. " This is the pistol I saw among tho flowers," he said. "Accept it as a little present from me," said Boso coaxingly, but timidly. "I saw you wished to havo it, so stayed behind and bought it. Koop it for my sake," " Aud uso it," asked Dennis, "should the necessity arise ?" Chapter XVI.—" Pas de Chance." Dennis was moro thau touched, ho was doeply movod by tho kindness of Bose. His blood rushed through his veins like lava streams. Hi3 hand shook as lie held the reins. "How good — how very good of youl" he said. " I fool it tho more because I am unused to rcceivo kiudaessos." Ho put tho reins in her hand. "You can drive for a minato .whilst 1 look at your prosont. How I shall vulno it, words cannot tell ; never, never will X part with it uhilst I havo life. 1a 21 nvnu in mrtnnlirrlif Tho nish spots on it wero like the marks — tno blotches— on the back of a toad ; tho stool shone whito in the moon s rays, flashed and became dark again. Dennis triod the cock. "Don'j span it, said Boso, 'lit may bo loaded," . , \- Peuhailigan laughed. "Notlikoly. An old pistol, lying at tho bottom of a basketful of roses. Loaded I . Why should it bo loaded.? " He drew tho trigger carelessly. At once a report followed, with a flash, and tho bullet flew ovor tho horso's head. The hcast, frightened at the dircharge, bounded, kiokod, and dashed forward. Before Dennis had' tima to wrest the reins from the hand of Sose, the bono bad run the gig against one of thc. granite. .blocks by the roadside, and almost/ instantaneously the gig was oyer, arid Deiinjs ni)d 'Bose wore .in the road. ' . Penhaliignri- picked' 'himself . up. Ho was shaken, but not hurt. . . ' ' ... , : Without w thought .for ius.cob arid trap, be ran;to Bose, who .lay, -on: the' 'snow motionless. In mad terror-iio-.picked.'her rip, and, 'spoke, tb .her, but she made no answer." \, i i "Boso 1 ..-My .dearest ! . Bose, .for God's sake , speak,",, \ -.ri |He felt her arnis"/ her! feet ; rib bones'; wore; -broken.; - the words. she had said as heilifteil'her into the' gig recurred' to''M&t;'.htn(jBk,''ii5as' not broken..! y ... , rr , . ; " Bose, Bose," he cried, 'iarid', clasped, iri , his', arms. He.krielt onlho hail, arid, , snow coveted', ;round and, held her tphis;heart;' .!.!t'My.God;"' le said, n has it coube to this, thatlhave killed her I love best in the world V'i'.'He turned ' her face to tho .moonlight. , '.'How | lovely, it: was 1 In his agony arid, passion, "he ip'ut.his lip's to' her, brow, ber cheek's; her; morith. I.may. rievor have another chance i. of :kissirig, her, ";he, said fiercely. As be held -lior to.his. heart, it was as though.be hold her. before ;a'(raging, furnace, and that the heat it gayo.Iorth.iriust'rcstarclier.. He ,leanod;his cheek tober mouth;" to feel, if slie. wfere breathiig.j'hcTaid his hand.ori; her. heart tb Iearri if it were heating.' Then he pat bis fingers through his hair, and -held- his , temples, which were 'burs, ting, with the ; boilirig, ;heatirig pulses :.of'jflre,iarid'his'eyes .were V lifted' ttf the black sky in which swam the chill, , dead moon, f My God," he said iria voico that shook:witb passion, " give her.to mo, arid I will bo good. :I!havo not prayed for many .years.! ' I rish this orie thing now. Give her to me." 1 ' j i He felt , her move in his arms. . .... ' " Dennis," she said, 'What is it?- What are you saying ?' : , . j " I aria praying.' ' " - ' " For 1U0 >V ' " Yes— yes — yes, for you. Only, for you;"': \- ; " What is the matter ? . Where am I-?. .What has happ'ened ?" She disengaged herself from his embracing arm audtried to stand, ' i "Wo have been upset. You are hurt?" j Sho felt her head. "No, " she said, "not much.: I lost all sense. - Now I am right.. Whatrhuppened? Where is the gig ? Did we. fallout?" i Now he looked round. . . . ... " Tho gig is brokcu. There is my. poor horse, fast by the head. Tho rein bos caught in the axle and the axle turning has" brought his head up to the wheel," ; " Can we not go on ?!' , , Fenlialligan shook his ,head.. . " But what is to be. done ?. We cannot spend the night on the moor and sleep in the snow." " The chaise is coming on with Mr. Gave rock and the Lovevs' unity. The voune cub can turn out on tho box, and yon will travel home, inside." "But you?" : Dennis shrugged his . shoulders. ".What happens to me is of' little moment. I innst release iny cob and ride him borne,"' " I am-so. sorry. It is all my fault." : " I regret the accident for one thing Only." ' What is that ?" . ' ' . - " It deprives me of your' company for the rest of tho way." That is nothing," " To me— everything. " " Even the cutting wind and the snow cannot frcezo compliments from your tongue;" Dennis led her to a block of granite and seated her upon it. He collected the wraps and folded tliem round her ; if sho would havo suffered him, he would have taken off his oror- coat and laid it in the.snow for, her feet to rest in,' and folded it over them, to keep them warm. , " Air. -Fbnhalligan,. I cannot, :I will not permit this ; you are over kind to mo and over cruel to yourself. See the poor horse. Do re lease him, and teU me the true condition of the gig." " The horse mrist wait till you are taken away from me by the chaise. Every moment now is to mo most precious." . "Beally, Mr. Fenlialligan, you turn me dizzy again. Do attend to the horso." " The carriage may be hero at any moment." "Well— the sooner the hotter forme." "But not for me Bose ! no, not for me I" He stood before her in the white road, with his right hand on his brow ; the moonlight was full on his face ; she could see it working, convulsively, as:tho face of a man might work who was on the rack, " Boso ( dear Bose. I hare held yon one moment in my arms, to my heart. I confess all. I touched your lips with mine, arid have drunk from thcin madness I I know what I am, a man with no fortune, and no luck, a disappointed, an unhappy man. And you are born to enjoy life, without n care or a sorrow, or occasion for thought. I look at you as Dives in torment gazod at Lazarus afar off, and feel, hut too cruelly that thoro is a gulf betweon ;:but it is a gulf -which lovo can over leap. Dives 1" ho laughed, and his laugh was shrill and startling in tho night. "I liken my self to Dives. Tho time for Dives to be cast into hell and Lazarus to bo translated to heaven is over. Dives now mounts to Paradise, and I.UO UUUI UUU U1U 9IM. UUU MIW UArMlUg AAA AAvAAA V and bono, and the soro of skin and racked of brain, toss and ache and moan in life and in eternity." Ho epoko so fast, and iu such a passion, his breath comiug in gasps breaking bis speech, that Boso could hardly catch what he said. She was frightened at his vehemence, aud she put out her hand to lay it on his arm and pacify him. Ho mistook her moaning and caught her hand in his. " Bose t doar, dear Boso 1" ho cried, "is it truo that my long night is turning to day ? That happiness is coming to me, evon to mo ? Oh, Boso I yon havo never known or dreamed of lovo such as mine. I am not a poor, sleepy, cold-blooded crcaturo such as Gerans. I love you. I have knolt here iu the snow and stretched my hands to God and asked for you. I who never pray, I cannot ondurc life without you. Boso, speak to me. Tell mo yon hear what Isay. Toll mo that I am not to despair." He clenched her baud so tightly in his that sbo cried out with pnin. "I have hurt you 1" ho said; " that is tho nataro of my lovo. I hurt those I love.' ; He becamo; cooler, and folded his arms.. . Then: the horso, driven .desporato by tho re straint of its head, ..began to kick furiously at the broken gig behind it. " Do— Mr. Peuhailigan 1 Do look . to the poor horse. Givo me a minuto to collect myself." He stood doubting whether to oboy or not, then be saw, coming along . tho road from Oamelford, two orange batU of light. The barouohe was approaching. 3d "No," he said firmly. "I will have my answer now. It must be now. I must know . .whether I shall havo you or lose you. On this moment everything hinges. I had not thought .to speax, but the necessity drove me. I could ; mot do otheri Answer me." '.'Mr. Penhalligan," began Base, after a ,pause, with her eyes along the road, watching the approaching carriage lamps, and measuring the distaoco between them and tho place where she sat, ' Afr. Peuhailigan " ; ; " When you woke from your unconsciousness you' called me Dennis," he interrupted. ._ "Did I? That was because I was un? conscious still — of what was fitting. " "Answer mo, Bose. There is but a moment more. ' He also looked around. The tramp of. the horses in the snow and hail was audible. \- " I on are too late," she said slowly, ar ticulating each word with distinctness. ' " Gerans asked me on my to the Goose Fair, and I said Yes." -. \- then he burst into a wild, fierce, ringing laugh and clasped his hands over his head, and wrung them there. I "Has be chance'." he cried— « Pas de chance'. It is always so. " "Halloa 1 who are.thcrc?" was shouted in ' their oirrs. The barouche was level with him ; . the driver had drawn up. \- Kose ran to the door and knocked. Old . Gaverock and Afr, Loveys were out directly. ; ";K ?vas my doing, all my fault," said Bose, half crying, half laughing, and nigh on hysterics. " I would drive, and, having the reins, upset the gig." She turned to the . surgeon. '..".Mr, Dennis, .whatever you may say, to tlie contrary, I alouo am responsible. It wns my fault solely." , - "Curse it 1" exclaimed old Gaverock. "Who cares whose, fault it was? The gig is broken and will have to ho mended. You, Missie', will come homo with us now. Peuhailigan, how will you manage ?" " I shall ride home." "Hero!" shouted the squire, "givo me tho light." Ho took the carriage lamp and looked about in the snow. " Is there anything lost? What is this ? Here is a pistol ! Golly I very like that we saw to-day in the pedlar's pack." , !' It is mine," said Dennis, and he took il from the squire's hand. Just then a large white owl flew hooting to. and fro over the carriage and the little group," flitting like a great ghost moth, or swaying like a pendulum. At tho same time, from under the carriage ran the white spotted mongrel of the pedlar, and began to limp on three legs round the party, then to throw itsolf " on its back as one dead, then to leap witb all fours straight up into the air and dance on its hind legs. "How comes this brute here?" asked Mr. Loveys. ' Air. Gaverock took the coachman's whip and lashed at the dog, hit it, and the beast began to howl, then dashed under the carriage, aud disappeared. The moon passed behind a white curdy clond, and formed in it a ghastly ring of tawney hue, it was like a single great owl's eye staring down at them from its socket of radiating feathers Young Anthony, useful when anything touching hores had to be done, had gone with tho coachman to Dennis's gig, aud disengaged the cob, with much shouting to the frightened beast. The brute was hot and trembling, his rough coat standing out, matted with sweat, and the steam rose from him, Anthony junior patted his neck and uttered "Wohs!" in his car, which produced a soothing effect, whilst the coachman extricated the gig from the place where it was wodged. : "Her ain't so bad used, but what her maybe made to ran," said tho driver, speaking of tho . gig. ! " The splashboard bo scatt ('broken to pieces) and the axle be bent ; bnt otherwise her's middling sound. But her must be drove slowly and with care." " Where aro my flowers ? I must havo my posies," said Boso. "Oh, Guardie! let me have the tamp. I want them so much. " " Never mind the roses," said Old Gaverock. : " We must get on our way. " «' But I do mind them," answered Bose, " not only for their own beautiful sakes, but also for the sake of those who gave them to me." Dennis approached. He said nothing, hut held out the bunches. He had tound them iu the snow. " Oh, thank you again, Mr. Penhalligan," said Bose, looking at him and smiting, but somewhat timid still. "There is no end to the favors you do mo. Yon recover me out of the snow, and will not suffer my sweet name sakes to lie and perish in it." " Are all the cloaks and wraps in ?" asked' Gaverock. "Come, Bose, we cannot spend- tho night here." " Yes, Gnardy, I beliove so. I am ready." " Then get in yourself." Sho stepped into tlie chaise ; then, opening tho window, put out her hand. » Good night Air. Dennis," she said in her prettiest tones. "You havo overwhelmed me with kindness, I shall never forget this night. " " Drive on, " said Gaverock. . Then tho yellow glare — the little of color' there was in that waste of whito and black- moved forward, and Dennis Penhalligan was left in tho road looking after the carriage. Though steeped in his own trouble, he started as ho noticed a figure, which he thought was that of the pedlar, crouched behind the carriago, clinging on to tho springs. In the moonlight he could not mako ont tho nature of tho coat, but his doubt ceased when he saw the shadow of tho dog pursuing tho barouche. The white dog with spots was itself scarce distinguishable against the suow and stony ground, but its shadow was black and defined. Dennis clasncd his hands and moaned. " Would to God we had both been dashed against these stone posts, and the life crushed out of us I Always too lato for luck ! The prize is out of my reach. Healing, rest, happi- noss, are for others, not for me. Wtiilo I am coining, another stoppcth down before me. Pas de chance! Pas de chance I " 