Our Paris Letter. [FEOJI OTJB OW» COEHESrOSDENT.] Pabis, April 23. MATTERS do.not appear to bo all roso water in Alsace-Lorraine. The Chancellor is rough ontho-amputated -provinces, sinco they voted solid and straight for the ariti-arinexionist can didates for tlw Reichstag. The seizure of the French commissary, railway Btationmastcr, and border agent, M. Schnaobele, on the Gretna Green side of the frontier, by two German detectives, looks grave. Of course France will demand explanations, but all the same, " the deep damnation of his taking off," will leave in any case u rankling Bore beliind. The functionary was abducted, then arrested, handcuffed, and sped on to Leipsic. If he were one of those Alsatians who refused, or neglected, to mako his option officially to continue to bo a French citizen, lie would remain necessarily a German subject, and liable to fetters-and warders if ever he walked into the fly's parlour. If French tic facto, but plotting against Vaterland, redress should bo diplomatically demanded from his Government. These Due d'Enghien surprises and Prince Alexander kidnapping arc out of date and un civilised, save, perhaps, in Holy Russia. After the broadsiding by the "official" German Press -though Bismarck swears by Thor such jour nals , are unknown at his Foreign Office-of French .patienco and sensitiveness, after the resignation of Paul Deroulede as chef of the Patriotic League, Bismarck might feel satisfied that France had no intention to march to the Rhine, much less to Berlin. She has philo sophically and praiseworthily put up with a good deal to allow the Chancellor to secure his majority in the United Parliament, but good things must not be abused, and all saints have not been patient. The Opposition journals cannot be compli mented upon their exultation at the refusal ot the Great Powers to take part in the 1S89 ex hibition. It is a bad bird that fouls its own nest, and it is better to give patriotism the pan on politics:-"our country, right or wrong." Perhaps it was rash to identify the exhibition with the centenary of the throne-demolishing outbreak of 17S9, but once France was in for it, her own people ought to back up, not compromise, their country in the eyes of the world. Since the monarchical governments hint faults and hesitate dislikes, the French Govern ment should remain no longer squeamish, but go whole-hearted for the centenary fete, offerr ing space to all-comers from all quarters. The Republic cannot let down the glorification of 1789 and its " immortal principles " to bolster up emasculated invitations to some foreign courts, to lend the light of their countenance to a world's fair. If it cannot be universal, let the show be voluntarily international. But no hocus-pocusing with the charter on which modern rights are based and remedial progress guaranteed. ' It is questionable if M. Lockroy has seriously studied socialism; in any case, Franco really stands sadly in want of a college for statesmen. There is as much necessity for this as a train ing lyceum for journalists. 31. Lockroy has identified himself, and so officially, the 1839 exhibition, sincc lie is its Ministerial repre sentative, with a very rowdy lot of socialists, whoso aim is to concentrate all individual effort on the part of the working classes in the State or corporation as the only means to combat bloatel capitalists. Now the latter arc also guilds. These socialists 8ay the workman can only exhibit his talent or genius at tho 1889 exhibition, through a syndi cate or group; that is, he must remain anonymous; his ability, his originality, is the property of his order, just as they assstfc tho State " it is we," as Louis XIV. main tained tho State " it is I." And the State being all-tho individual nothing, it is ex pressed by groups, society, or syndicates. All this is out of season, and in every way heresy. Ono of the first acta of the revolution of 1789 was to abolish close corporations and emancipate the individual, leaving him free to enjoy toe fruits of his talent, whether natural er acquired, in the faco of the universe and in tho full enjoymont of his imprescriptible rights. The Ministers may dabblo with protection, make it difficult for foreign labour to find a home in France, but the moment they add the colletivism of tho middle ages, and the cramp ing and crimping of individualism to their programme, tho subject cannot be too seriously combated in tho interests even of France her self. Professor Katkow is popularly accepted as an eminence grixe of Alexander ill. Ho is the Peter the Hermit of an alliance between Russia and France. The thinking papers in Franco havo no faith in that combination, and it would be well were tho others to imitato their sagacity. Hay not tho irritation in Alsace bo all an ftrranjred comedy by Bismarck to draw this very fad, and run it to earth. The real strength of Franco consists in her imitation of tho ancient Egyptians-sitting still. Should Bis marck decide to force a rupture between Euro pean States, ho himself could not forotell what alliances would be made-and uumade also-or what direction the fiery cross might take. A conflagration may bo suppressed, but to direct ite courso is too much either for firemen or diplomatists. Jules Ferry is making frantio efforts in Algeria to securo n now political skin, in which ..9®° appear on re-entering France. But he Jul nevor obliterate tho old Tonquin spots. The climato of Algeria is roputcd to liavo a marked efficaoy on tho imagination. Jules Ferry illustrates this when ho sounds tho loud "fflbrol over tho prosperity of Algeria and tho precarious nature, tho dwindling condition, of English colonies. If France hnd only the opportunity of extending Algerian bliss to, Egypt and Morocco, with Tripolitania added in! France has held Algeria half a oeatury. It ia within 30 hours' steaming of j Jwseflles; its European population is 300,000, I W which less than tho moiety only aro French; Wd it is ruled by a standing army of 50,000 1 men. . Tako tho Australiaa sincooO years: To day %.? Population is 3,000,000. They require 110 keep tbcm attached to tlic mother country, aB wlien they ploase they can muke *1 CIrniC-iH independent, for no more George the Thirds occupy tlie tlirono to practice injus tice and obstinacy. New Zealand escaped by a fluke from being French. Tho English flag was only run up on the islands 24 hours before tho French admiral arrived to protect tho for tunato isles. "\Vhafc would have been the his tory of that colony at present had it been French since 1814, or even 1833? The Gingerbread Fair continues to bo in fuil swing. It seems to bo the favourito rendez vous for tourists. It will be their own fault if they cannot pick , out a- day'B amusement in that two-mile alley, devoted to all raree- shows of France, their prodigies, infant and adult, their natural and unnatunil phenomena, their clowns, and thoir funny men. One of the latter, now on his hospital death-bed, laments that politics have drawn the best talent away from tho pennygaffs, so that professionally there are no more Yoricks to set the table in a roar. Jugglersand acrobats all have rushed to politics as adventurers to a gold mine. The rag-pickers havo their trade organ; ho have the penny show and fair plays their theatrical Monitcur. It is as essential to the craft as ft sUck exchange list to brokers. The Astronomical Congress is meeting with every official and social attention in the power of France to bestow. The director of the observtory, Admiral Mouchely, and his lady, gave a most pleasing soiree, followed by a ball, that must have made not a few ot the dele- j gates regret thoy -were not permanently ac credited. One at first blush concluded the astronomers were most i>otent, grave, and reverend seignors, or a Siamese combination of Dominie Sampson and Pickwick. They re sembled tho first in being " prodigious11 in their desire for fun, and the second in genial kindness to explain any scientific question de manded. Tho hostess mado all her inritcs truly at home; no formality, all easy quiet ness and sympathetic attention, the output of a true reception. May the astronomers succeed in their scheme of common action, to map tho celestial hemispheres, to compare a whole firma ment, and fix its big and little twinkling stars, whether belonging: to the morning or evening i family, for the guidanco of astronomers of the I future. May their telescopic and camera | glasses bo all they can desire, and their gelatine bromido plates so sensitive as to photo those, perhaps, cut-up Romcos-. Spirits that lie In the azure sky, j Where they love but live no more. ! Clearly tho first duty when an accused is j wanted by tlie police is to search for him in pri- I son. That is the safest of hiding places, and is i protected from the outside curious, and even from the detectives. Here is Paris still a fever, touching the incomplete discovery of the triple murder in the Rue Montaigne. The presumed accomplice of Branzini was wanted-one Geiss ler. He was sought for everywhere, and the sub-chief was on his way to the North Pole- ho -went as far as Breslau-to track the co-accused. All the while tho missing link wiw in gaol for vagabondage, and was on tho poimt of being returned to Germany, acquitted of doing harm to nobody, saving himself-attempted suicide in the Seme, when lie was re-arrested oil the charge of murder. Confronted with Pran'gini, neither accused had ever the pleasure of encountering before. Geissler left Breslau to escape. military sen-ice about fivo weeks ago, with li)0 francs in his pocket, a pasteboard valise, half a dozen second hand paper collars, two parchment neck ties, a few dickies, and quite a collection . of undarned stockings-tlie latter for exportation to "West Africa, where the natives like to sec their toes in liberty, and their heels free to feel the morning air, like the ghost in Hamlet This was the flaxen-haired Teuton's stock-in-trade, to make his fortune in Paris. Travelling expanses and Schnapps soon exhausted his capital, an hotel keeper turned him out for unpaid accounts, but kept the valise as a souvenir. In desperation, Geissler attempted to drown himself in the Seine ; when in the water, he changed his mind -truly at the last moment- and swam ashore, when the polico received him with open arms. He was kept in preventive arrest, till tried a few days ago, and acqnitted, when he was again roused up, and charged with murdering three persons. After that Odyssey of five weeks, Guntag-Geissler should henceforth travel as little as tho Vicar of Wakefield. His hair when leaving home, was auburn, his fricuds will find it as white as snow on his re turn. However, that plan for dyeing the hair is very severe. Allcs riichi ,wV7/ hicr auf crdcn. The morgue has at present 35 bodies, whoso identity cannot be established; 30 are kept; locked up in ico chests for possible legal in quiries, tho remainder are exposed to public gaze. The deceased belong to every class of society; are they suicides or victims ? No wonder so many heirs-at-law, though wanted, do not respond. Antier is a servant girl, aged 30. She came to Paris in 1SSI, to fill a situation. Indue time sho had an illegitimate baby. That died. In 1884 she had another, despite her attempts at abortion. She gave it out to nurse, and then endeavoured to conceal her address so as to avoid paying tlie expenses of its support. The police discovered her, and she was obliged to take her infant. She did so, but decided to starve it to death; this she accomplished by giving the infant no food savo a morsel of indiarubbcr Siping to suck. It was not want drove her to o this, but avarice, as tho police discovered 4,000 francs in her trunk, saved up. Sentence, seven years' imprisonment, and confiscation of tho cash. In Russia all tends to peaco because it is Eaeter, and nothing takes placo but fraternal embraeings during tlie season of the paschal Iamb. Another causo is that winter h»s re turned, or spring has been evicted, so people are occupied coughing, sneezing, and clearing hoads. There is also another matter en grossing attention; every subject quitting Russia will havo to pay a tax of 228 francs a year. Now there are about 900,000 Russians ever on tlio run. If tho traveller bp going abroad for Ids health or to complete his studies, such will bo excepted. A. similar law was decreed by the Czar Nicholas. It brought in not a single rouble to the Trea sury; but he had the satisfaction of knowin.' ?00,000 of his subjects were abroad as invalid^ or students. Of all the forms of government not yet tried in Franco, that of a poet's ride has been overlooked. Jules Simon relates that on the collupBC of tao accond Umpire Hugo's two sons proposed to nui their awful dad as " Dictator .f France." Happily the country escaped that calamity. Further, Plato excluded poots, I think, from his republic, and, as lawyers say like case like rule. .. 