TALkS AHD SKETClffiS. | A PHlifCE OF THE BLOODa'; | : . IJy JAMES :PAYN, : . j , toon tor LoaEBtBiJjLuMsoBrapj" "Bjr; iftoir," The He op tile AGiSj" &c.;,.- &c.; ; CiurmSIV.-HJUK. BATES'S News. /' j ' it was" with some difficulty, notwithstanding, his familiarity with' the route and his excellertt' i isa'Iegs, tbst 'Mr. 'Bates'. found; his way to tlio caddr. .The deck. for reasons dt his own, quife; mico'micsted with the state -of affairs, there, wiis . was just now distasteful to liim"; mid bbadej, , Is had news' to tell' somebody. " It riinv seem Itranee that -under such. conditions of peril it' choaid have liecn so. .' To. a faridmiin, under tie same circ.iirastanqes, .the state of the vessel 'Would hare teen the sole' subject -of interest, aid the Only neivs worth speaking of a- change is the weather. But to a "sailor his ship is his .-hone even when she has become a wreck, and life, until she sinks, goes on Ihcro forhiin with . its aims and motives-much as. usual. In times ered that , look desperate lio . does not defer things of importance -till lie gots to dry land aad can consider matters, but grasps tho. skirts of happy chance as tbey sweep by and looks to the main one, ' . ' Mr, .Bates's errand was, to Mr. Norbury, at whose cabin door he knocked in a manner in which vehemence and caution wore strangely' mixed. It' opened' of courso'from the cuddy, -which was. vacant, No, meal .bad '.beeh (erred -there for .many a' day; tlio broad hue table looted dark nod cheerless;; the' place .itself, from which every article' o! movable furniture - had long' been ro iaOTei, or been broken where it stood, most dis mal .Thero was little fe'ar of interruption or of. eavesdroppers ;'Hut it was necessary to heat at the door with violence to overcomo thi> tumult that reigned everywhere, and as he did B Mr. Bates kept an oyo over his shoulder! The door was locked, but that did not-nccesi- iffiy imply that the tenant wns- within. It Jii Mr. Norbury's habit to ..lock his door whop he was absent. On the other hand, if plsof- where, where could he be ? Ho was certainly sot ondeck, and could not tborcforo have been » witness to tho catastrophe that had just Occurred there. " Mr. Norliury," shouted tho uutd mate through tho keyhole ; then, "Nor- oury, Norbnry." - . I His voice thus reiterating the other's name iii mat solitary place had a gnioooino sound, like at raised by onn who, half superstitious and Mil sceptical, utters his own name in tho M.? -i?" B'nc, with tho idea of rousing- familiar spirit. Norbuty, let mo in ; Ihavogrcat Md tcrnhio news for you;" 1 ' What news f " . i'r',P!ltoSiiartoa and turned round, then uttered Ml:!! i Cr t '"rror aud staggered against tho liiii. vPc'c e 'ieb'n(' fiim, clinging to the Fiin,w nj'ntb jiands and peering over it, was h» i. ' P11'0 ns' tho ghost he deemed »o,v v her long hair , streaming down hor er yes fixed on his own with agonised n-1 :,r-"' " You havo terrible news, you say. bin fill My unclo is not in his cabin ; he UJU the roundhouse." lbs sweat broke out upon Mr. Bates's foro- tticiVinJ.".8, MPmaD was really alive aud was dead m. u 1 ' '"'d been calling on n Be ui"1 i with what a purposed Nrit ifii.A n ,s'jlvinB to iuform a occurrwl f ' Wi Por 80 Hie position sd thc ,ftt "10 Kirl whom he hated, liar m bo feared. and had tried to was'-rf.- ,'b swept from his path. The man Worn w!! ' sono' bat tho girl was standing Cf affair. y?Wn e?' ' Rrodually the truo state yervdifr 8aatodawn upon him, but it was a' Sh n7nA:matt'r t0. tell it to the ear for tod.:,-. . bben first intended, and to tell it' bybitvLu'i .A Heart that is-not to be touched WoasJJ!1', ohmes bo moved by the cori- Biilh't »r 'b® commlesion of a wrong. In for th0 ?bo man trembled ; bis remorse fopathy eava b'8 wolce the. semblanco of fiditk' 7" uncle was : in the rouudhouae, Miss jg/jm M P«rished, for it hae beon swept 1 toSf wjtoiSP811 wmmramenu wlth Uio aotiuw. " Great heavens 1 And Eleanor 1" " She has . perished with him— I saw her washed overboard with my own eyes." 1 "It is impossible, it is too horrible;" answered ibo girl, vehemently. « flow could you have -seen them perish, when you came down here to speak to my uncle ? I heard you tofiSl" ''im ' 0U saitl 'ou bnd terrible news It would have beeu difilcult even for one who was more accustomed to spedk the truth thiui tho third mato to .fate matters as they hail ncluall occurred.' It would' have' been em barrassing-enough to have to .say, " When I witnessed the catastrophe which has occurred to your cousin I took her, for- yoii ;' it was -the tidings of your death wluchtl. was about to communicate - to Mr. Norbury," -notas it had scorned, with a superfluity of emotion. But unliappily thero was so much more to say. „ "J' bave told you .the simple, fact," Miss Edith ; I saw-the roundhouse swept away with your cousin, but 'I did not- know Mr, : Norbnry was witbin it. No, it is useless for you to- go: qu- deck.". Ho seized, her. wrist, as shq 'was staggering towards the 'companioh' ladder. and detuindd' her by maiii- force.'; "I jviil.not per- init you to do it ;. it.' Would! bo dangerous'in 'the last degree,. There' is- no oneitlicrc save those whom duty compels to be." : ;y' , ' .!; Mr. Layton'is there, know/'.'" ; . Notiioio.". " : ' i'- " ' He uttered'. thh 'words with'.an.iritcntiohll signjficance, yet 'without meaniiig.tq.be brutal it. was; easier lb hint curtly at what find hap- pbued than to cxplnm it in set terms, of any kiud. , f- 'I, Not noio What, in Heaven's name do you mean?"' she gasped. ." Where is'ho ' , Mr.; Bates was sileut. .It, was, a' question, pq 'vdbubf/'vcry hard to answor ; but to th'n girl's , searching, and- suspicious "glance 'there seemed something more than embarrassment in his -face, I ii Y'tnhbyb.yqn done .Willi , Him ?" ,?sbe .,« .claimed with a flbrco light in lier eyeSi 'seizing tho' officer fiy His 'loose saiior'ndckerchjef -yMnrdererrl .murderenl .Help ".assistance 1"! . A door qpcuiWljbehiud- theui anduAu'nt.'Bophih tottered oat of her cabin. Merciful heaven l'1: sho cried, jwhafchas happened ?" , IjEfien per-, cciyi- Edith' .'e'ugaged.' ih . a Mrdntic. struggle With sheikaew not; wlibibj she swelled with , her- feebie yqice the girTscrios.for help,'- ' f MK Aihsvvortli aiid Edwis ConoUy -appmireu, simuUauequsly— the ; fonner -ilromihis ycabiu, the .latter Hying . down ' the' companion . ladder, .libera ba),. hut alighting.omhis feet. . rAt. -thb sight ot them" Edith' released her hold , of the rthird mate. . ,, , ... . j 'What -islths'm'at'tcr ?.". inqnifed. tliq'clergyj- man anxiously. . ; ;".You majy, vyell astr' hahtiii hlr.,' Bales.; J ..;\Vilh on'e hiiud ciiuging to tho, table, Edith poiiited johim yiith the other. . ."'Thit'man ife a murderer !" sfie'gasped ;,."ho "has! murdered Thy/Charley - ''-a/.'- , j ! The .midshipman fie'w at his , throat fiko a bulls pup, while Bate? 'struck, at -Him furiously' ; the paralysis which hiid "seemed to seise' liiin while in- Edith's hands disappeared- in the- case of this new- assailant, - Mr. Aiusv, ortli. threw himl self between tlio two unequal combatauts Willi a vigour wholly unexpected, aiid Separated tb'em by. main forco. ' '; . , j " Sliamo upon you, to call yourselves Chris tian men," ho exclaimed reprovingly, f and thus to fight upon the brink of the grave !—t Now, Sir. Bates,' explain yourself." | " I bave nothing to explain— tbe matter does not concern me at- all," . answered tho -third mate sullenly, 'but I liad some 'bad. nqivs t6 tell, and tins /young lady .has confused flit bearer of it with ils.causo." 1 "That man has - murdered my Charley IF reiterated Edith. ' Her body' -.quivered and trembled as ; much -with excitement ns with the rolling and .pitching of the ship, but the outstretched : arm -with which she denounced her euemy was stiff as steel. j " There must be some mistake, Miss Edith, i' murmured the clergyman soothingly, " Mtj Laytoa was alive and well, ten iniiiutes agoy when Mr.- Oonolly andl-bronght you two'ladies from the roundbouso." - ' , ' | ." " It is frnb enough, .'however, , ithat- he iff dead," said, the third lnato curtly". "But as th inyhaving murdered him, as tho young lady says, it is.-she, if anybody; who has done it." j ; "What does -the- man -mean, he must bp mad ? " oiccloimod Mr. 'Aiusworth. «f Well, this is'how it happened : Mr. Lay- ton nud I were near the wheel when the wavb caine that pooped us. Tbo round house was swept laway, and with it, as we both thought, Miss Edith youder. Mr. Layton seeing her go overboard (though I suppose it was MissElcaaor) jumped on to'the taffrail aud leapt into the sea after her. That's tlio siuiplo fact, and I don't see how I could havo stopped him, or how it was my fault." "Mr. Bates is right so far, my dear young lady," said the clorgyman' tenderly. "It behoves us, uo matter how heavy iuay bo our bereavement, to bo just; if our dear brother lias been takon from us we may be sure if in the realms of biles iiis soul could be troubled by anything it would be so by an accusation made on his account against an innocent .man,"' » What need had I to hurt him," muttered tlia third mate, "evon if I had a wish to do it? I supposo -such a sea as this is .enough to drown anyone without hitting him over tho heai" ... Mr. Aiusworth throw a searching glance on tho spoaker, which seemed to say, "This man doth protest too much," but his attention wis suddenly called to Edith, who would havo fallen to the ground had not the young mid shipman caught her in his arms. The blood had loft her face, hor oyes were closed, her limbs W"Ho!d-" her, " he criod oxcitodly, "while I run for Mr. Doyle." ... " No," exclaimed Aunt Sophia m an un wonted tone of authority. "Bring her into her cabin and loavo her with me." Hor woman's oyes perceived that hor nieco bad only fainted, her woman's heart recognised at'onco that tho preeonco 'of anyone of whose sympathy the girl was not assured wonid on her coining to horselt be most painful to ' her ; she would bo in the lowest dupthB of distress and'dospaii' in any ease, and If hor grief should not have Way it might even-.be fatal to ber. Under Aunt'SophiaVguidauce Mr. Ainsworth and tho' young midshipman carriod her tenderly Into her cabin and placed, hor upon the narrow bed. : It seemed like laying tho poor girl's corpse in her coffin. , . . The third mato remained ontsido, irresolute enl disconcerted, Nothing had turned out as he had expoctod. There was no need for his remaining in the cuddy, yet he hesitated to go on deck, when his duties called him. Broeenur tho cabin door opened and the two men camo out. Conolly slowly mado bis way up the companion, without even looking at Mr. Bates. His step had lost its spring, his young heart was heavy within him for Edith's sake. Mr. Aiusworth addressed the third mate in the tone of a judge who cross examines n witness': "You say that Mr. Layton jumped overboard ? Did you see liini afterwards ?" " How could T?" was the sulky response. " I mean, did you see him sink, sir ?" "Well, no, bo had ajife belt on him,-but l saw him drown." "A life belt ! How was that ?" _"I suppose ho thought that it might keep, hrm up a bit, ' If be had been a sailor be would! havo known bettor ; in such a sea it would only prolong his fate." " Well, you have brought bad news to that innocent girl— news that will wreck her life, if it is heaven's will that sho or any of us should live. to remember this day. Let me. ask you to make amends' for it in some small degree. Do not tell her that Mr. Layton had a life belt." ; , " Very good ; though there would have beep no harm, I should havo thought, iii her believ ing that he jumped overboard after her." : "It is not that, sir," answered Mr. Aimi- worth angrily. " Can you not understand (hat it was for her, and not for himself, that the brave follow took- that poor precaution? WhatI am afraid-of is that in her ignorance of such matters she might still think that tiierc is hope for him, and not face the .miserable fact at'onr.o." "Hope I -how can tborc be hope for Him, when I saw him — at least as, good as saw him — drown- with my own eyes ? How could a man livo. for iivo .minutes in such a. tur moil ?' , " Of course not— it is impossible," sighed Mi Ainswortb- to 'himself.' " Heaven give her strength to bear her burthen 1" A inidsbipinan looking liko a drowned mouse came -running down the companion. "-You are -wanted, on deck, Mr.' Bates," he cried, with more excitement than respect. Then perceiving the clergyman, he added cheerfully, "The clouds are lifting and tho gale has abatod, sir. There as hope for us still, Mr. Murston thinks.?' ; ?' Thank's, my lad." Mr, Ainsworth smiled and nodded, gravely, ' "'-That will be . hardly good neivs tojthis.iwor girl. It would be better,' perhaps, for her'if shoneveir woko' to life again,. God aiono kuows, however, wliat-is the. best tor us."- ' . . . '' ' Chapter XV..— Tub Weeck. ' . ; ; Betwpen nature and human nature there arc many analogies. Tho seasons/ havo in .par ticular beea largely drawn upon hy poets and' divines to illostrato iho vicissitudes of que owky .existence. As tho earth has its winter, wo are told,' so has- tho human heart, and it will, if it waits long enough; finds, its springtime. But nature can always wait, which, man cannot da, ruid.dnringitho process she suffers nothing. ' ' : , m a drcur-iilghteU December ,, , ' Too happy, happy tree, | Thy la-unclics ne'or rtmaaiher Their green felicity. i , The frost emmet nnuo'them, - Wall lis sleety nrhutle threagh then, - i Nor the cold north wiud prevent them from liaddlng.at . tliclr prime. # Bat we,.a!asl in onr .winter time do remember; and " a.sorrojv's crown of. sorrow is-romembcrf ing happier things." ' ' ; If only wo could be torpid till "tbo cold north winds" — tho aching voids; tho bitter -and fruitless regrets — bad blown over, life wpnld be very different "from what it is. Whoa aomo poor woinao, delicate and defeuceless, but whom fate, alas 1 deals no more mercifully with od that account, is suddenly struck down ;by iti brutal baud, and after a little while of uncon; scionsness wakes to life and her new and painj tul burden, we call it coming to herself again.' whpreas, in . fact, she is herself no longer Though' life is left, to her, the light of If has been taken away, and henceforward ' she gropes her way iu a world that has boon made dark to her. ' It is tho usual fashion .of mankind to speqk of the.greatest sorrow that can happen to a woman— the loss of d long- loved husbaiid — at lasting but a your and a day ; well would it be tor many in widow if this were true. There are thousands who never survive it, and if thov smile, smile only tor their children's sake. We know infinitely less of the sorrows of oui fellow-creatures than of their pleasures, and arp impelled by various motives to ignore them', the meanest and most grovelling being tbo notioo that iu underrating human woe we arc paying court to l that Supreme Being who, tor some doubtless wise but inexplicable reason, permits its existence. As, however, in tho administration of the knout in Bussia the executioner wijl sometimes, defeat his own object and tho law's by a too brutpl stroke, so fate in its blind fury will some times kill outright, or numb, whore it had meant to only maim, and this latter mistake it committed in Edith Norbury's case. Days passed away after the fact of nor lover's death had been communicated to hor butoro the full rapacity tor pain returned to ber — iho shock of tho news fell on her liko a blow from a bludgeon aud staaned her. Now and then she would awake from a sleep wbichsecmcd akin to death, and iinurmur, "Dead, dead I" or sometimes. " Drowned, drowned I" and then relapse into unconsciousness. Aunt Sophia never left hor side, and tended her with unrcinittiug gentle- uess. To her, perhaps, this melancholy occu pation was not without its advantages ; it pre vented her from dwelling on her own tronbles, or on tho perils which surrounded her. For neither her brother nor her nieco Eleanor wqs it possible that she could bave entertained h gonuino affection ; sho had tor years loyally shut hor oyes to tlioir real character, but cir cumstances had of late compelled her to behold tbcm, not,' indeed, as they really were, but inn very unfavorable light. She was obliged to ' acknowledge to herself that tbe one was harsh and hard and the other malignant. Thero had been a time wheii Eleanor had been disposed to regard Charlos Layton with something more than favor, and since ho had declared his lovo for another she had done her best to thwart him, and had spoken of him with tho most relentless and bitter rancor. Still those she had lost were her near and almost only relative's, and Auui Sophia's was oao of those conventional natures with whom the tios of: blood count tor very much, independently of the worth or merits of her holonginga The shocking and sudden manner of their "taking off" affected her alto extremely, and but tor her thoughts being so much monopolised by her unhappy charge tbey wonid naturally have dwelt upon it, Tho catastrophe which had befallon Mr. lay too, who had always been a favoriteof hers, was most deplorable, tbongh she felt it more deeply uoon her niece's account than on hv own Henceforward all the affection of her credulous but honest nature was concentrated upon Edith. As to tlio danger which threatened them, and to which she had boon hitherto keenly sensi tive, sho lost sight of it in the spectacle of the poor girl's misery. Moreover, though the out look was still very serious, tho galo had at length given signs of weariness, the wind had greatly modorated, aud the waves had slirnuk to little above -their normal size. Such ail in cident as that which had deprived her of her relatives, and swept off the very place of shel ter in which thoy sat as with a knifq, could hardly be imagiued.as one, watched those hurry ing but diminished croste. j , Strangely enough, Aunt Sophia herself had been the eauso of Edith's salvation, if the saving of tho poor girl's life could indeed :be set down as any benefit. After Layton had left Edith and'heraunt in the round-house, Mr. Norbury and Eleanor, though, as it happened, unseen by him, bad joined them, Then Aunt Sophia had been seized with sudden faintness, the result of many day's alarm aud fatigue, and Edith, with young Conolly'a assistance, had got her down into her cabin only a few minutes before tho tragedy on deck: took place. The recurrence of such a catastrophe was, as bus been said, now no' longer to be feared; But thb condition of affairs was still full of danger. The Gauges was little bettor than a wreck. A jury-mast had been set up with a! few sails, and she answered wonderfully to her helm'; but she labored heavily ; while tbe rain continue! iu such volume that it made everyone almost as wet aud wretched as the seas she had shipped had done before. For the first time sinco the commencement of the storm, the vessel resumed her , proper uourse, from which she had been driven at great speed tor many days. From the chart it appeared that she was hund ods tif miles from tbe nearest land, and, of course, utterly- unfit to cope with bad weather. Still, as the midshipman had said, there was now hope— for those to whom life still Off ered hopes. Ou Edith this cheering - news had little influence, though sho strove 'to., be thankful tor the sake of others. If the highest -expectations of her companions 6kould be realised and India should bo reached in safety; what would that avail her ? She would only be landed in a strange country, to which she had always been averse, without a friend save the one that -accompanied her, .arid to whom it wonid be as distasteful 'as to herself. Thb best she bad to look forward to — -if she could be said to look forward to anything, .for, alas; were not all her miserable, thoughts centred in tho'past?— was that lier stay thero 'should be as short as possible. A tedious 'and melan choly return voyngo then offered itself, 'fall of wretched associations, lnnd at the end of it d home only in name. Tho man she loved liad left bis country for her sake, and, under a mist take that seemed something designed by fate in sheer malignity, bad perished in avain attempt to save another whom he had imagined to be herself. What a- waste of love and heroism It seemed 1 What was tho use of valor, and self sacrifice, and -devotion,- if such rewards were meted out to .them ? It .was worse than if blind chance had. done it ; it almost seemed that evil; and not good, was lord of all. Presently the rain ceased and the sun came out. The white malice of tho cruel sea was succooded by its "countless smile." Like some treacherous tyrant who has a good natured mood and is amazed that his late victims should have any remembrance of his late monstrous cruelties, it seemed to say, "Come, let bygones be bygones; my Into trespasses against you havo left, I assure youj no revengeful feelings -in my mind; let us laugh and play together." Nor was the invitation decliacd. Man, so suspicious of his fellow man, is credulous to tho advances of Nature, In a few hours death and destruction — tho loss of their comrades, the ruin of their floating home— were by the majority of, the crow of the Ganges , almost forgotten; all hands wont busily to work tq throw op, en the ports and to -dry and air'the ship,' to examine thb provisions -and tho stores, and oven to clean iho -small arms. .They did this not only. >vitb alacrity but cheerfulness ; they could not resist the'.sunny smile of the sea and the -warm kisses of thb favoring wind. Even Aunt Sophia was wonderfully enlivened by them. ; "Dearest1 Edith," said she, "tbe air is so fresh aud tho sky so-bright, surely it - would do you good to come on deck." "On deck 1 Oh, -no," cried tbe poor girl with a shudder: " let us remain hero, I entreat you." ' To come on decx and gazo ;upon tho -sea seemed to ber like an invitation to behold her lover's grave. Action; indeed, of any kind had become abhorrent to her. Sho secretly enter tained a sort oLhope that, by remaining where she was, which she knew to be unwholesome for her, she might pine away and .die without the sin of suicide. Her state of mind was not at all understood by Aunt Sophia, though she thoroughly sympathised with her' calamity— a circmnstauco which often happens to those in sorrow ; it is easier to weep with those that weep than to hit upon the springs of consola tion. It would have been wiser for tho present to havo avoided-the subject of her niece's loss ; tbe wound was too frosb and -tender to be touchod upon ever so lightly. But Aunt Sophia thought differently ; had -their relations been reversed she would bare -iound comfort from diseoursing.upon it, and she judged Edith by herself. " He is not lost but gone before, my darling, ' she would murmur gently ; but her well-moant endeavors at consolation met with no response ; to the mind agonised by bereavement such. con ventional remedies are positivo aggravations of calamity ; thoy seem to wrong by their ioeffee- tualness and insignificance the memory which it holds so sacred, and to make light of the loss which it deplores. Once sho even ventured to repoat a phrase which had of ton passed Edith's lips as she lay half unconscious during her first hours of woe. Faithful and true, living or dead,' my darling you are as much his own', and he yours, remember, as though ho were still with you." But Edith shook her head with a look of pained disploasuro. The saying that bad been wont to comfort her when there was no present neod of its applicatiou, : was no consolation now. It is doubUnl whother under similar circumstances thero ever, is mnch conso lation in it. Tho widower goes to his wife's grave and ihere weeps tears of blood ; tor, after all, whatever hatefnl change may have taken placoinher, there she lies -whom- his- soul loved./; IH> cannot so easily picture her, ; under lie knows Hot . what altered conditions, in tho tries; or keep 'His heart up with the thought of visiting bar thero.' It is not that tho promise is uncertain, but that it is so difficult to picture its reaiisation. THctriitHis that in very great — — — — — - -X calamities, and unless the suffering soul is uerJ moated by religious feeling, the world to com! has as little interest tor ns as the preseut world j both alike, tor a .timo at least, seem dull, stale and unprofitable. The voice of prayef itself is- stilled upon tho lips by the chill fingers of misery. To tho desolate aud bereaved bear it seeuis that thero is nothinj».left to bo prayea for ; no, ;not even death itself. Bucb, in fact; was Edith Norbury's case ; and it was not to bd wondered at, under such circumstances, thai Aunt Sophia's cheering news of fino weather and progress toll upon deaf ears. It would havo .been neither good nor bad tidings to Edith had she been even told that the ship was in sight' of port. This; however, tho Ganges was very far from being. For tho first time tor many days tho captain had been able to get " an observation," by which he found their latitude to bo 10 deg. 16 min. north. He also found means to try the current, which .was setting to the E.N.E. at; half a rnilo an hour, Their rate of sailing was necessarily very slow, auil tlioy were entirely out- of the track of ships, only ono of which, indeed (and that pronounced to bo a phantom), they had set eves on sinco they left Simon's Bay, Oh the -other hand, lliey had a good store of provisions on hoard, notwithstanding that some of.it had been spoilt by the rain aud sea ; and the thoughts of tbe sailors, which had been directed to Davey 's Locker with grave doubts as to the accommodation it would be likely to afford them, were turning lightly to wards Calcutta, Ono night, however,' the wind'., began to freshen, and though, evon iu the ship's, crippled condition, Mr. Marston did not think so sori- ously of it as to arouse the captain, taking a few hours' rest after his prolonged exertions, thoro were signs of more trouble in store fo( them. It was, however, far from being of th( samo kind. A little after midnight, aud with heavy rain falling, tho man on the look oui suddenly orie.i "Breakers ahead 1" and the call had hardly reached the officer on doch when .the ship struck with terrific violence, The horror and dismay were universal, tor such a 'contingency -had mover been anticipated, It seemed almost as likoly that an ice- .berg should have loomed upon them out of the murk and mist. All below, save tho ' two ladies, were on deck in fiva minutes, and were thronging about the captain in au unusual mauner, as though appcaliug ff an authority whom they trusted in, a misforturj of which they had no experience, and iu whict they know not how to act. Unhappily rherf was no remedy for their calamity but to wai for dawn, and in tho meantime to prepare fol tho worst, which wasonly too certain to happen. The Ganges, which had survived so much, it wat now plai , was doomed. Every shock of the set from which she could no longer escape, caused her a damage more or less vital. Io less that an hour the water was as high as the lower deck hatchways ; and, moreover, she was heeling oB to one sido. The ammunition and provision! wero therefore all brought up and placed undet tarpaulins. The two remaining boats were hoisted out, supplied with arms, food, and water, and kept under the iee of the ship to receive the crew wheo she should go to pieces. When-all was done .hat could be done in such a strait, the ladies were sent for, as it was thought perilous for them to remain any longei bolow. Mr. Marston assisted Aunt Sophia up the companion-ladder, and Mr. Aiusworth tool charge of Edith. Both ladies were in deep mourning, and their appearance excited not f little interest notwithstanding the emergency o( the occasion. The scene in which they found themselves was a very strange one. Nearly ono half of the vessel was already submerged ; but the quarter deck, resting on the- rocks, was almost cleat of water, while tho quarter boards aftordeij some shelter, from tbe sea aud rain. Hero th captain received them with great sympathy brf perfect cheerfulness, while the crew stool around him in onforcedlnaotion. Aunt Sophi( was so prostrated by fatigue and terror that slit was only too thankful to sit down and shu( her eyes to such sights around her as the dinj light rendered visible ; among which the mos .horrible were the black rocks showing throngk the white foam of the breakers. Her attitude, with clasped, hands and closed lips— though, a( she afterwards owned, she had the greatest diffi. cnlty to keep herself trom screaming — mighi well have been taken for one of resignation. Edith, ou the .other hand, looked aronnd her with impassive calm. That indifference o( despair possessed her which surpasses in iti outward manifestation the highest heroism. Death was as freo from terrors for her as lift of hopes; The captain -had feared the effect of the ap- pearance of his lady passengers upon the crew, and was not slow to .take advautage of thoif unexpected calmness and courage. He had intended to address his people on th( course of conduct he expected from them, and this incident afforded him an admirabU toxt. If such courageous behavior wal seen in women tenderly nurtured and -unaccustomed to perils what might not ba expected of men and sailors like themselves I Ho aid not attompt to make light of tho calam ity that had befallen them : it was certain thai the Ganges would never float again, and it was probable that in a tow hours sho would go to pieces. Discipline and obedience to autho rity were tho virtues which could alone assist them in such a strait. IVhon similar misfor tunes happened, ho reminded them they bad been often rendered irremediable by licence and despair. Lot tbcm at least meet their fate liki men, and in their sane minds, without resort to the spirit-room. This brief discourse was received with a round of hearty cheers, which was repeated with even greater enthusiasm when the captain aunouncea that two glasses of wiuo should be at once administered to overy man, with a biscuit be tween them. In their wet and worn coudition it was a refreshment greatly needed, and its effect was excellent. No one. tho authoritioi upon suicide tell us, ever shuffles off his mortal coil within two hours of a ineal ; for though things are said to be "looked at through a glass darkly," exactly the reverse happens wlion It is a wineglass. Tho poor souls on tho dock, or on what was left of it, of the Ganges needed all the encouragement they could get -as they waited through those woary hours, and longed liko. a sick man tor the dawn, At last it came, and'disclosed a small island some three miles away, with somo larger onel much further off to the eastward. The two boats were immediately manned and. oared and sent on shore with instructions to bring back M immediate report; while in tho meantime, tot tlioy wore qiite insufficient for tho transport 'ol \- tho crew, and the ship might at any moment g£ yv-" 1 " 'r'r' v-an lo pieces, those who were left on hoard applied themselves to the contraction of a raft. The work, though very difficult by reason of con stant interruptions to it caused by the shocks and inundations of the waves, was entered upon without the least confusion, and with as per fect discipline as though the vessel, instead of being a wreck upon rocks, had been lying at anchor at Spitbcad. The spectacle of this duti- ' fnl enthusiasm aroused Edith from her lethargy. That sympathy with our fellow creatures in their physical struggles against fate, which is felt even by the dullest and most selfish, won her for the moment from the contemplation of her own misery. Her bruised heart began to beat once more in unison with human endeavor. As the captain stooped over her as he passed by, to arrange a rug that had been thrown orer her Shoulders, she could not forbear an expression of admiration at the conduct of his crew. " That is partly yonr doing, Miss Edith," be answered pleasantly. " Where women ehow themselves heroines it is impossible for ' men to be cowards." "I am not brave, Captain Head," she Answered with a faint smile, "but I have courage enough to hear the trnth. In two words — can you tell me what is our real posi tion?" " That will depend upon the report from the boats ; but I have little doubt that we shall all get to land." " And what land is it ? I entreat you," she added, reading reluctance on his face, " to tell me the worst." " My dear young lady,'' he answered gently, ( you lay on me an unwelcome task. I know no more of that land than you do. It is not marked on the chart. No human eyes, it mny he, have ever seen it beside our own. tin the \- other hand, it may be inhabited by some savage race ; that, of course, would he a bad business for us." "And if not ?" " Well, if not, I fear wo must make up onr \- minds to stay there for some time, until we are in onr turn discovered ; perhaps even for CTer."- "Our scntenco is either death, in fact, or transportation for life?" "It is something like it, I fear; but that is no reason why we should lose heart, my dear ' young lady. " "Certainly not. Thanks, Captain," was 'her cheerful reply. "A new life in a new lland," she mnrmnrcd to herself. It was a pros pect, though without attractions, which at least appeared less repulsive to her than a new life in the old one. 