NIQHT THOUGHTS. [G. F. UNDERBILL, MÍ 'Ame.] In these days of dull reality, when we live almost toa rapidly to have much time for thought, and when nothing but what is eminently practical com- mends itself to our notice, it is but 'seldom that we feel that sense of spiritualism which in olden days was de- veloped into magic and witchcraft, and which now we call by the more imposing name of psychology. Yet occasionally, in the stillness and obscurity of night, there creeps upon us a sense of awe and admiration at the indefinable grandeur of thc works of nature. We forget for the moment all those theories of spectral illusions, acoustic illusions, and the in- fluence of gases and fluids, and inwardly ask ourselves the main question, whether the spirit is capable of an existence separate from that of the body, and, if so, whether it can appear to living men. 8ÜPERNATÜBAL, AN UNSCIENTIFIC TERM. Of all the phenomena which spring from the existence of a spirit dwelling in the body, of which existence there can be no doubt as to the truth, little if any- thing is known. People commonly call these phenomena supernatural, and are unwilling' to investigate them any further, forgetting that in reality the supernatural is impossible, since thc laws of nature are inviolable. We call anything supernatural, which from our scanty knowledge of thc laws of nature we are unable to comprehend. Now, whatever «nay be our opinions in regard to thc future eternity of individual exis- tence, yet it is generally allowed that the spirit retains its individuality for a certain time, varying in different case?, after the decay of the body. If it exists therefore, why should it not appear? We know that people have constantly either seen or fancied that they have seen, tho spirits of the departed ; it is im- possible iu many instances to apply the theory of spectral illusions, so that we have to fall buck on the belief that the spirit is actually pre- sent - at all events, in most of those instances where the seer hos never known or ever heard of the body which the spirit originally inhabited. It is often said, and truly so, that stories in relation to apparitions are apt to become exaggerated in the recital ; but there is a story which I heard from the principal actor in it, and which cannot be regarded as the result of a spectral illusion, so in- comprehensible, that I am tempted to briefly narrate it, only promising before- hand that it shall suffer no exaggeration at my hands. It is a common saying that a ghost is aristocratic, and, like most common sayings, there appears to be some element of truth in it. At all events, many of our noblest families boost of the possession of a familiar spirit, which is supposed to appear on certain occasions, and for certain ends. A PORTENT. An acquaintance of mine, Mr. P-, who has earned for himself a world-wide reputation as a scholar, and who is a man devoid of the slightest suspicion of fanciful imagination, was in his younger days private tutor to the heir of one of the oldest houses in the peerage. He and his pupil « ere in the constant habit of going out for country rides together. One day they were riding down a lane, on one side of which was a large field of some fifty acres in extent ; there was no barn or* hayrick, not even a tree, or any object in the field which could serve as a hiding-place to any person, but every part of it was everywhere visible. In the middle of it they saw what appeared to be an old peasant woman, who was crying as if she were in great grief. Kindness prompted them to ride into the field to see if they could relieve her distress in any way; but when they had reached the spot where they had seen her, to their surprise she had utterly vanished. It was broad day- light, and, as I have said, there was no place where she could possibly be hiding, yet she had by some unaccountable means disappeared. Naturally they were puzzled, but supposed she must be somewhere about, and did not wish to be disturbed in her sorrow ; no idea of the mysterious occurred to either of them, nor did they for a moment dream of anything in the shape of a spiritual visitation. So they rode away. That same evening the pupil had a headache, and did not come down to dinner. My friend Mr. P-, in the ordinary course of conversation narrated the incident which had happened to them during their ride, when, to his amazement, the countess, thc mother of his pupil, im- mediately screamed and fainted away. During the scene of consternation which naturally ensued, one of the gentlemen turned round to ray friend, and ex- claimed, "Good gracious, P-, do you know what you've said ?" \- Astounded at the question, Mr. P replied, "No; what de yon mean)" " Why, that old woman whom you »aw is always supposed to appear to the heir of the family before death." Mr. P said nothing, but thought the whole adair was an idle legend, invented by the vulgar superstition of the Middle Ages, and to which no credence should be given. The young heir had* never heard of the legend, and after this incident the greatest care was taken that it should not reach his ears ; nor, so my friend told inc, did it ever come j to his knowledge. Yet within a few J months he died. Now Mr. P-- had never heard of this family ghost or banshee, nor was there any conceivable reason for his imagining what ho saw. This case therefore, cannot be treated as ; an ordinary hallucination ; but must, I think, be treated os the mysterious ] result of some magnetic power. My own idea is, that the organisms of my j friend and his pupil were both sus- ceptible to some form of magnetic influence, excited by an individual spirit, or being without a corporeal existence. MYSTERIOUS MENTAL PHENOMENA. De Quincey has had the moral courage to tell the world of the moral effects that opium had on his mind, while everybody knows the green devils caused by the abuse of alcohol. Not that I have the slightest intention of insulting my readers |by implying that they have any personal acpuaiutance with these alco- holic apparitions ; I only mean to say that they probably have heard of them. Any medical man of experience will bear witness of the spectral illusions to which some of his patients have been liable, and also how often they have been caused by inebriating stimulants, which prevent the ordinary action of the brain, and engender the most startling fan- tasies, and highest flights of imagination. It was this fact that made Dr. Johnson say that if a man would write well he must drink wine, if he would write as a genius he must drink brandy. I pre- sume the doctor meant that brandy gave to the author thc faculty of a vivid imagination, and carried bim from the land of dry fact into the land of dreams. There is a vast difference between those mysterious phenomena for which we can discover no known cause, and for which, therefore, we have to find a purely theoretical explanation, and the pheno- mena caused by the ordinary laws of nature. Too much importance cannot be given to this difference, more espe- cially since within the last few years spiritualism has become so confused with natural magic, that men arc sceptical as to the possible existence of disem- bodied spirits. The exhibitors of phenomena beyond the comprehension of the spectators assert that they re- ceive aid from invisible sources ; but, as their seances constitute their means of livelihood, they wisely refrain from pub- lishing the details in regard to these in- visible sources. The mere fact of a man saying that he holds communion with a spirit, does not improve by one iota the position of psychological science, but on tho contrary is apt to bring it into ridicule as being a high-sounding name, by which imposture may be screened. Insane credulity, on the one band, and arrogant incredulity on thc other, cause our minds to become lost in a whirlwind of doubt. The various stories, which we either regard with the horror of the vulgar or the disdain of tho sceptic, should be examined accurately, so that we might ascertain their exact relation to the state of thc respective physical organs. It is the mystery involved in a spiritual visitation which is the cause of terror, not the actual spirit itself. If it were not for this mystery, we would con- verse with a ghost as calmly as with an ordinary fellow-creature, and apprehen- sions of the visionary could be readily quieted. In short, those sights which we now regard as marvellous and incom- prehensible, would cease to excite our terror when they assumed the character of scientific phenomena. 