TFTfl nRADOHK GHOST. TO THE EDirOB. Sir— I should not again trouble you on the above subject but for seeing a grossly exaggerated report in your issue of the 2nd instant from Mr. W. A. Jones respecting it. iiis statement tnat aicer putting tne cn.ua s foot in the box and moving the kneecap he produced louder raps than thoae previously heard in the room, is untrue, as I was close enough at the time, but could not hear them without putting my ear close to the box, although hearing the other raps quite dis tinctly previously. Respecting the rapa not coming on the night the servant girl slept with Sissy. He is well aware that it was after the fit and not before it the servant slept with her, and that ths knocks or rap3 were distinctly heard on ihat night, according to the statement of persona who were present. On the night of May 21 1 had the first oppor tunity of seeing the child in any of those fits. On that occasion she slept in a wide bed pre pared on the floor, Mr. Jones and several other persons being present when I arrived. I sat on a small box about 18 inches from the bead of the bed, and about the same distance from the wall (a stone one), the rapa seem ingly being between where I sat and the wall, where the child had no possibility of produc iBg them. On that night Mr. Jonea placed phosphorus on the child a hands, which were outside the bedclothes, so that all her move ments could be traced even in the dark ness in consequence. On one occasion this night, whilst the child waa in this fit, she reached the right hand towards where I was sitting, which I caught and held for about five minutes, and am positive she could not reach the outside of the bed at the other side, nor did she pro duce the rapa, as they continued aa pre viously to Eound between where I sat and the wall. I may also state that I held a box cf lucif era in readiness, and during the time the rapping lasted I struck several, but could see nothing to cause me to think the child frodnced them. It was on this occasion that put my hand twica towards her hair, when having a lncifer alight, that she jumped away from my hand. With regard to sprinkling lampblack on the floor, Mr. Jones says he is prepared to swear to the ghost blackening the child's knucklea. I am glad to hear it. Nobody would suspect Mr. Jones to be guilty of doing it. I am prepared to find four witnesses to swear that tne child had no fit that night, but slept calmly without any disturbance, althongh the 'ghost' was about according to his statement. I really thought that after Mr. Jones's long incubation he would be able to produce something better than the miser able abortion he has sent you for publication. Mr. Jonea cannot have already forgotten events in connection with Mr. Kirkham Evans's visit. If bo, I will refresh hia memory a little about that memorable occasion. After Mr. Evans's departure on June 2. Mr. Jones remained in my company at the Black Bock platform until after 1 o'clock trying to perauade me from writing any reply to hia or Mr. Evans's report, stating as his reason for so doing that it might injure him in hia public capacity aa a Govern ment teacher. If Mr. Jones stated the truth he need fear no contradiction. He also stated to several persons here that he wrote to Mr. K. Evans to suppress hi3 name from appearing to the joint report they had agreed upon, but that hiB letter arrived too late to prevent it. He even read a letter for Mr. Rodeghiers from Mr. K. Evana con firming thia statement. What do we after wards find him doing 1 Trying to bolster up those statements by a long rambling rigma role, wherein he makes several inainuations, but proveB nothing. It seem3 very singular that Mr. Jones should tell nobody of tea dis coveries, although often asked for his opinion on the matter. The only one I heard from Mr. Jonea was that the child was suffering from catalepsy. It also seems strange were this the case that he should go to the trouble of preparing a tablet for spirit writing, and further, that he shpuld take the trouble of writing out questions he intended asking the spirit. Can he explain how it was, if the child was awake and causing the rapa her self, that he placed her in a certain position, on her aide, with hia right hand under her left arm over the region of the heart, holding the palm of her right hand in hia left, the thumb resting in the cavity or hollow, and causing Mr. K, Evans to mate figures on the floor — where the child even if awake could not see them, and trying to find if the figures by the contractions of the child's fingers would be properly announced. As there are portions of his letter I know nothing about, I leave the matter to thoae who do to answer, if they think proper to do so, lam, Sir, &c.; A. HEALY. Blackrock, July 12, 1887. ? 