THE MOLDEN -HOPE.* A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I drenit dr?am that C R aetlls dresS. ia B: -W.' C_0 R aaer ? .. S CaurTsa XX. -ConTinU.D.) The woyage to ma Indiin Ocean and back. anyway.' cried Hiram, 'touching at an island there. Ye'll.allow that.' There was a general murmur of assent. 'Very well,'. continued Hiram, speaking with excitement, ' and I should like to know if he was to ind a countrywoman of ours upon that island, or any shipwrecked sailors belonging to the Verulam or any other weasel, I should like to knnw,' he cried in his huskiest voice and with a steru roll of his- eyes over the men, 'if there's O'er a seaman here u would say, 'I'm hot agoin'to rescue that there woman or them there, ma·l..ie l ' "i " Tiidn't sign for ' 'There was a pause, broken only by the flap of a sail as theschooner rolled to leeward and he rippling of the water at the stem. Some bright stars were shining in the dark eastern blee, but westwards it was still a rusty hectic among the lines of cloude whose Skirts were blackening to the night, though their brows till held traces of the glory that was deep down behind the sea. SWhy, of course,' said Goldsmith, ham mering at a flint for his tinder'box, * it you put it in that way, cat'n, it's right enough. Ne'er a man here, I s'pose, believes in ghosts, hobjects ye can see' and yet walk through without feelin' of 'em. And our wish to hear what you had to say about the yarn Johnny lay and litened to wasn't bpcause we o such cussed fools as to reckon we was actually bound oat to bring home a ghost, but because tone of as not having much acquaintance with what goes on in paraons' minds, we greed that there must be something uncom mon hidden from us in this woyage, and wanted to know what it was.' ' Well, ye have the truth,' said Stone ;' and '11 go a bit fnrder with you yet, mates-the caps n here'll bear me out; the reason why the clergyman didn't tell us afore we started that he had dreamt the lady he was to be spliced to was on the island, was 'cause he was afraid of being sneered at. Ain't that a ikely,thing in a man ? Why, I've known chaps afraid to ear their ptayere-actually habamed td ask God's blessing upon them and those ther've left at home-for fear they'd be laughed at by their mates, ohoosin' rather o put aside God's love than be jeered at by the meanest of his creatures.' 'Well, that's true enough,' igrumbled Breechei. 'I myself have had feelin's I shouldn't ha' liked to talk about, 'specially when my boy was drownded.' . ', It' all that bloomin' Johnny ' cried Joe Hall. ' If he'd told thecook he truth there'd ha' been nothen said. But who was going to :uow what we was bound out for when that chap comes along with his yarns about ghosts and sperrits on an island waiting for the schooner to take 'em off?' 'And I ain't sure, Micky,' said Sawyer, turning upon the cook, ,'that the yarn ,asn't aggravated by your way of relating of it' ' I'll swear' cried Johnny, who stood cowering behind the foremast, ' that I never said nothing about the ghosts heyes bein' ike ridin'.lamps for brightness. Yet'Mlcky made that out. S'elp me, skipper, it waur Micky's temper that forced me to 'splain why Ihadn't come forrard afore, or rather than I'd ha' raid a word about the parson's yarn I'd ha' been- ' and here, as was apparently hie cuatom, he expressed himself willing to incur al sorts of frightful and horrible calamities, uch as being struck blind and the like. This the cook answered by calling Johnny. many offensive names. ' But the crew now saw how it was, Toere was nothing more o argue about; besides it would be eight bells before long, and time for the men who had the tirt watch below to think of turn. ing in. 'A queer notion for them to have got into heir heads,' said Hiram to Stone as they walked aft;.' better .ay nothen about it o..Mr. FIoresoe; it. might make, him -neasy.' So I think,' replied Stone. I dunno that I'm sorry it's happened either,' said Hiram; .'if the woyace was puzzlingto us aft it was bound to be puzzling orward;, but now it's onderscandable to all hands-a-t -least, onderetandable from the urate's way of looking at it. Mind ye. Bill, what I eaid to the men don't prove that I ease to consider the whole bilin' of this start maziu'ly sooperat'ral, as 'Breeches rightly alls it. I've been-running it'over all the Ite:coon. and have come to the conclusion bat this here woyage must be regarded as a whim put into the gent's mind by his dream. If the bearings of your island are correctly iven, we shall find it right enough, but that's ai; nothen else but the island, it it ain't a avidge or two ' SWVell, we'll have to fnd that out by waiting,' said Stone. My view is, that since a muon as he coild find out about hib dream urned out true the other part '11 be true like wise. Ye know, Hiram, that there's no non snsical piety about me. What I believes in Ikeeps to myself unless I'm aeked to speak. I. notion is that one soul's quite enough for Sman to look arter in this world, and that if e consarn. himself with other people's soul e stands t let his own go adrift. So, coach ing this here dream, I don't want ro liargue a If I wie some convarted retired sea csp. amn, who m*kes friends with parsons in the one of getting a hoist into a berth ashore brough em ; all that I desire to say is that he Being who made them stns, and the holler of whose hand ie big enough to contain he ocean and everything afloat oi it, is as ikely to show mercy to a man by putting a ueful dream into his bead as by hending a ale of wind just when all bands think them alve.loet.' 'Way, yes,' exclaimed Hiram, following he indication of old Stone's finer as he pointed aloft; ' there' no limiting of the *ord's power everybody knows that; and it 'ad be prebumpeiouas' be added, empnasising he ' b as though he would have Stone to bserve his mastery over difficult word-, ' in me to may the parson's dream didn't come rom the Lord. Still, Bill, ye know, it would be mere satisfactory if this class of wisione wae more general. There've been a good many drems going on in this world ever ince Adam woke up and found Hove along ide of him, which some married men might coneider in the light of a nightmare; hut when it comes to one chap being singled out- ' Ee pauaed, and added, 'Tell 'ee hat I should like to dream of, Bill, and find come true.' 'What I said Stone, gaping. SWhy, of a hisland-not with a ghost upon it-bat with a signboard standing up nd saying. Four foot down lies ten thou sand pound in good money.' That 'ud be a practical dream. Bat when it comea to emales in wiions implortn' of you-' He was checked by Stone gripping of his arm, and at the same moment Mr. Forteecae came out of the cabin. It was natural that the crew of the Golden Hope should find matter for talk in what Captain Weeks had told them. Certainly he curate'e dream did not correspond with ohnny's notion of their being bound ouat to an islaud to bring home a shost; bat it unr nished the voyage with a motive that made it sm a queer and uncommon thing in the bonuhte of. the simple, ignorant fellows: and Mr Fortescue was promptly transformed ntoa mysterionu person to their fancy, who had visions and was to a certain extent po.. ::ed, and was consequently to be treated with respect and politeness, because it was crtaln he could exercise peculiar powers, and was therefore a man not to be offended or nnooed on any account whatever. This was specially old Breeches's notion, nd the rest of the men took it up readily. F'or several days them was nothing munoh talked about In the forecastle but Mr. For tesou's dream, and every man had something to say about it in the shape of stories he bad once heard; in fact, they ended in frightening one another with yarns about apparitions, corpse-candlee, igures of drowned seamen Ising in dead calm weather at midnight to ead ships' names, then shaking their beads with gestures of grievous disappointment and sinking again; even Johnny had his yarn to dd, whilst Breeches, the cook, Goldsmith, and Jim Kitt related a scora among them, ill the night watches became decidedly on comfortable, and the skipper or Stone would wonder to see the fellows hanging about in couples. But by degrees the saperetitions feelings among them wore themselves oat; the men would notice that the curate was all kind sees and gentleness in his way to them, that he had always a pleasant greeting for every man who came past him, and a friendly word or the helmsman, whboever hemight be; he'd sad from the Church Service to them on Sundays, ani add a few words by way of a ermon. Long ere this they had found out thats they were a good oad willing crew the captain a smart haned, and Stone a eenial old eaman it was a pleasure to work under; o after they had 'yarned' one another into .an anxious anad nervous nondition, they ' rinted to' and talked themielvs oat of It, all agreeing-even the cook-that they hsd .Pblls.d by sprol araagsmeat ii thI as thor. never been o ainori com,ofurtabtle little crafs, nor engaged in a pleasanter voyage, dream or nodresu '. - . ndeed, Johnny's ctrrying his blundering. tale forward proved as fortunate an.occur. renoeas could have been wished; for first it converted the curate. into a very impreesive pereonage, not so much to be greatly liked as .to beexremesly respected ; nex it raled 'a corloeity among the crew. as to the issue of the voyage, and this put a spirit of unanimity into them; then a certain kind of sympathy was begotten for Mr. Fortescue, after re peated discossions in ard on the forecastle, for it was plain he was always sad and prier. ing recretly; his far.away look would be noticed, the very smile he would give was as but a light upon his face to exhibit howmuch of sorrow was there, and when the crew took title and combined it with their belief that hbe could see visions, and that he had been spoken to by heaven in his dreams, and that what he was seeking was a sweetheart who had revealed her existence to him and shown him the island shen was upon, and which William Stone knew all about, they felt a sort of importance, as of men engaged in something solemn and wonderful, superior to any kind of jhb seafaring men had ever been asked to deal with. But it took them from forty degrees north latitude to the doldrums to arrive at this state of mind. As to Fortescue he had no idea that the confession he had made to the captain and mate was known forward. He certainly observed the askant glances the men would throw at him, the wide berth they sought to give him when their duty carried them to and from where he was sitting or standing: then, It-'r on, he'd notice the more genial manner, the quicker, the Ides appfehensive recognition of his gentlegreeting; bus he was too at·sent minded to attach the significance indications of the kind would win from a suspicious or sharp observer; he knew just enough about sailors to imagine he could not err to attri buting any oddities of behaviour to their habits and principles, until the merging of the crew's feelings into a general sympathetic willingness and contentment left him nothing to ob.erve, even if he ever had eyes for marked conduct among them. The days elipped by, and the voyage to the Indian Ocean promised to be perfectly event leae. They carried a swinging north.wester through the Horse latitudes, and picklpg up the north-east trade wind, after a couple of days of light bali.ng airs, in twenty-eight de grees north, swept down the Atlantic with the thunder of the breeze, that blew a fresh kale at times in their reeled mainsail, till they found themselves one day creeping and crawling over a brassy, burnished, glaring space of equatorial sea, eagerly catching every faint breatoing of air aloft, or watching with eyes that seemedentranced by the breathless deep for the dimmest tarnish of draught faint' ing as it came out of the pale azure ruled by the water-line. This was a trying time for Fortescue. The spell of stagnation might have been endurable to him the other side of Africa; but here was the es:hooner swinging helpless near to the parallel tin which the Island lay, but with a vast continent between, which had to be measured, and the mighty ocean off Agulhus entered before he should he able to verify Stone's solemn affirma. tion. Both the captain and the mate moust have long ago guessed that the equatorial belts would be the place to tax the patience of the man whose mind seemed easy only when the Golden Hope was flashing through the seas, bringing the island closer by every daring and graceful leap she .took from emerald nollows to snowy heights; and until the breeze came that blew them clear of the equator they were constantly apologising for the weather. t' re's April the 5th, Mr. Fortescue,' Hiram said, ' and to here from latitude forty degrees north has been such sailing as no man with a conscience in him could fall foul of. I allow that the run from the Thames has been longer than I. bargained for; but what are ye goin'. to do when its nothen but thickness and ratchin' ' Arnd then old Stene would say : ' Well. this here stillness, sir, ain't cheer. ful.certainly; but I've always looked upon this part of the ocean as a' sort of halting place for ships. It's the signo' Neptune, and here vessels which have been hard drove, whether coming from the north or from the south are glad to rest, as the Golden Hope is, to recruit their health, and dry themselves, and sprawl a bit in the sun, like bens which ye'll see get upon a sand.heap and wallow till they ruke a hole, when they cocks a leg and wing out. the wery picture of heuiness, to sy war of thblnkiLo'.: Bt depend upon it str, th' iope'll make up for this spell of sittirn' down. If the south eaat trades ne still a-uelowin', wait till the schooner catches 'em fair on the port bow, and then yell Pee how far off she'll allow the Cape to remain in a few days. He happened to make this remark to For. tescue in the presence of airam, who ex. claimed: What dye mean, Bill, by saying it the south-east trades hbe stilt ahblowin' ? What's to prewent 'em ' SWell, I dnuno, I'm sure,' answered Stone; 'but to tllf you the truth, skipper, so many changes have taken place since I fuelst went to sea ar a boy, that it's a sort o' defyin' of Providence not to put Ip before notions which was formerly certainties.' 'But you wouldn't say Ir the sun should rise to.morrow morning,, Yill, or though you wasn't sarer exclaimed Hiram, who partly from love of argument and partly from the desire to amuse Mr. Fortescue, would often engage his mate in discussions of this kind. 'Why, perhaps not,' answered Stone, 'cause if the sun didn't mean to rise to morrow morning, we should be froze todeath afore we could speculate on his intention. But it's another matter with winds, which if they be governed by laws, don't seem to understand 'em When I was fast goin' to sea, the north-east trade always blowed more no'therly than it do now, and the south.east trade.more heasterly. Things are halterin', I don't see how they can help it. Take this here globe. Astronomers say it's gainin' in matter. Consequently it must be growing bigger Very well. Now, take the sun. Astronomers may it's slowly consuming of it. self up; I think that is likely, for oertainoly in England it ain't so hot into summer a it used to be. Now, it's plain to me, if the earth's growin' heavier, and the sun's gettin' smaller, our horbit's a changin', which must likewise alter the winds. In fact, my notion is, Mr. Forteecue, that in the course of ages, this here gloe 'It ran short o' water and be drietI up and become like the moon. Who knows that there ain't astronomers in some of the planets watching us through telescopes as we watches them, and calculatin' from records their ancestors kept, that if this here globe keeps all on as It is, in so many mil. Ilons of years it'll he like tshe moon, without a wisible -tarn, nothen but face, and that all froze up p T'o which Hiram replied : 'Why, that may be, for whoa goln' to guess what'll happen millions of years hence, and Indeed, Mr. For. tesc, who wants to know? If there isn't to be no trade winds in them times you' I Sad otherlaws hoperatin' which 'II answer festas well. I'm not a man to be interested only in the years I may live in. I'm willing to feel consearned in what may happen down to auoh time as a man's great grand.children are old men and women, but arter thatthings must become troubles to them as ain'ts now born nor Irkely to be dreamt of for a long spell. D're see, air t? No use talking with Stone here of millions of years. If the soath. east trades last my time I shall be satisfied, for there's no chance of my young 'nosetakin to seafarin', for the best of alt reason--I ain't got any.' CaPTTa X[I---A Balr HALT.. If there was little enouneh to interest For. teascue in sch conversation as this there should have been plenty to amuse him in the faces of the men--Stone earnest and sympa. thetic, chiefly to be remembered by his hook. like forefinger, with which he seemed to score his observations upon the air, and his rufged feastures ; Hiram, isoney, with a certain cocksureness ahout him, and a laugh like a neigh, snd asmile like the mouth of a sack. The calm lasted three days, durIng which, sumehbow, the schooner moanaged to sneak ovPer forty miles of water. It is true she'd get an imptulse nowr and then from a draght of air, and Hiram would call the olergyman's attentIon to the hrats.awire-ike ripples breaking from the cutwater when the sea resembled ulicksilver, polished and stainless with the imagn of the sun plain in its heart, like the nnclens of a comet, the tall whereon was the lnminary's horsing w*ke---a though it was impossible for the schoouer to stand still, even when the light canvas of the little topgallant stun' salt hung motionless between every long drawn, gentle, gradual heave of the swell moving In slougish folds from east to west Sooh progress as was made was indeed like thu imperoeptible passage of the Ancient Mariner's ship that was propelled hy the atmosphere ahead and the closing of it behind. gut why drlves 0n this ehlp Co ntS, WIthout. vwain ,.r winlo? The tir e rut nosy tr fora, Aun et lsrott rhotbtad, At leua you'd hvev thought s1o had ion come on deck oau moming as the urtUe did, and nuotceld me fickerng gleam or a tulliltigg ship's canvas away about two points on the starboard bow, and- found that at iinsaf. thonab she was heading southwards; the schooner had'sneaked her far abhaft the b?in. This was the odder for the fact that for an hour after the cook had hove some of his wash overboard, you would see it close astern. perhaps with the grease of it widen. ing out into an.iridescent patch, as if it meant to remain there all day. But the fruiter was a wonoerful sailor; in such weather as thie she was like a butterfly, all winao: and not a breath' could come barely with weighs enough to give 'a plume like curl to the thread of smoke going straight up out of the galley chimney, but she feltit. It was terribly hot in the cabin ; the ordi nary seaman kept the quarter.deck wet with swabbing. but the moisture broke away in steam, and the pitch in the seams was as sofs as warm cobbler's war. Forrtecue lived on deck, and would stay far into the night, but only'to reappear pale and unrflreehed, from a short spell of sleep in his bed below. The repose of the mighty ocean wos wouderful. almost terrible to him in those hushed, and: stagnant days. When there w?e a stilleses in the schooner he would sit listening totbhe silence betwixt heaven and water wit his, thoughts fIll of Agatha. Sire was the pin. ciple that centered all he viewed, ll he thought of, till his visionary character, his quality of mysticism, found her ideal com mingling in the radiant blueness of the day, the sparkling darkness of the night; for his love and grief and hope made her the soel of all that his eyes rested on, and he beheld her everywhere. The roughest Pallor forward' would notice the rapt gaze he'd fix upon thr liquid light'bloe line that defined rhe Jane- tion of the sky and the ocean, and knowing the curate's story, guessed he vas fancying he saw the island with his loved one upon it. Once old Stone watched with awe the singular expression in Fortescee's dark beauifutl yearning eyes unturned to a soft mother.o'"pearl.like cloud that had arisen in the east and floated radiant to where the verge of the ho white sunshine melted into blue. where it dissolved; and a little later on, speaking of this to Captain Weeks, he said: ' Htiram, dye know what fancy he put into me with that fixed stare of hie! Well, Ton may laugh, but I tell yer, he made me think that. cloud which had come out of theeaat might have the reflection ot the island aod his girl upon it, and he was looking to see if the representation was there.' Poor Stone I Hiram DID laugh, but never. thelesesthe old sailor was near the truth, for sympathy will give the plainest, most unlet tered mind, the right kind of instincts for divinatione. But the impatience excited in the curate by this interval of calm could not check the deep and melancholy, and even supersatitions thought. Night time would give fancy ita keenest edge, when with murmuring canvap the schooner lay swaying on the cradling swell under the velvet black dome that glit tered with stare, and that was clouded with diamond-doet, and that was radiant with meteoric shootings, the bland beauty of moon-like planets, and of orbs which the eyes of Fortescue had never before beheld. Then it waes when the silence of he dusk had entered into a deep peace into the ocean hush, when no voice sounded forward, no footfall aft, when all lights were hidden or extinguisehed save the binnacle lamp shat, dimly gilded' the statuesque figure .of the helmsman, when the motionless form of Cap. tain Weeks or the mate leaning against the rail was distinguishable only by the stars lis figure blotted out, when the rustling of the canvas on high, and the light pattering-of dew discharged from gaff, yard, and boom, from reef-points and boltlropes and whatever else the midnight-hidden swell could shake,. sounded like the murmur of wind, the falling of raindrops among trees; then it was that Fortescue's imagination would take wing and pluck from the seen and the unseen- suph fancies that if the rough end homely sailors forward- had gathered their nature, their sympathy might have been changed again Into fear, and one might have heard of some thing like a mutiny founded on the time honoured tradition of Jack's dislike of eailing with a parson aboard. But you must not go to the forecastle for interpretation of mqsings full of poetry and mysticism, and tearful with the inspirations of a heart yearning for one deeply loved. If the clergyman's gaze sought out any hbriht particular star it was but to wonder whether noa eye was on it, too; hut then, you know, thoughts of her upturned colourless face would visit him, and he would see her, tll. the phantom grew into a reality as substan tial at least as that which crossed the vision of Hamlet when his mother stared to right and left in search of what the prince beheld. Nor was i. wonderful in a mind constituted as Fortescue's was, that one effect of his startling and wonderful dream should be to' impress him with. the fancy that intercourse could be held between him and his distant une by sympathy, In ' Jane Eyre' the heroine hears the voice of the man she loves calling her, though he is leagues away. In real life the existence of spiritual bonds which further distance could not break nor attenuate into irresponsivenese, has been proved by marvellous correspondence of action, of desire, of feeling ; and since this sense of" sympathetic or spiritual union between Fob tescue and Agatha would inevitably be heightened to an extraordinary degree by the vision that had brought her in her agony face to face with him in his eleep, tnere was nothing singular-however it might have struck Hiram or William Breeches-in the young clergyman's fancies during these stitf. tropical nights, when he would look up at the heavens and believe that the same yellow star he gazed at was watched also by his love with thoughts of him as his were thoughte of her; that the deep soutlspoken prayer as would put up for her and for himself to Ood was rePechoed by her in the darkness, ?tile away down yonder in the gleaming east, through operation of some such .amazngo mysterious sympathy, as has made voices beyond the grave audible to living, loiolg There would be a mystery, too, in the slant ocean night that tinctured his emotionalism with a darker shade of imagination. (To "1 CONTINUED ) 