YESTERDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. The Council Tho old dry-as -dusts of tho Legislative Council had a general awakening and brushing up of- then- decaying intf-lk-ets yesterday. Mr Beaver tnomned over the uncanny cir cumstance that for six months after tho (Jueen . hod ascended tho throne the peoplo of Aus tralia continued to pray long life for her pre decessor. Mr Balfour proved that, although a sombre jokiat, he was a tolerable vocalist, and, taking hie inspiration from the Canadian Par liament, struck up the National Anthem, and members, stand uig, heartily sang the first verse. The day's work concluded with passing the addruM in reply, and having nothing to do, tho House decided Hint the best way to do it was by adjourning to the iith July. Happy mortals ! Tju: Assembly. The preliminary business was soon disposed of, and then the leader of tho Opposition took up tho cudgels of attnclc, and waded into tho speech. " TJhb is a neutral .affair and has no substance," exclaimed Mr Beut, and that he was right he quickly demonstrated. It was a thing of air— or wind —which is synonymous with words, and the member for Brighton went into it, walked through it, foil over ir, cud came out the other side without having touched it. This . bothered Mm. Tho more Mr Bent grappled . with his subject the less he seemed to get hold of it ; and at last, getting out of breath, he in dulged iu several osides while ho recovered Mr Bent ou Bent is also a diversion. Mr Beut line been too kind to tho Ministry, and statr.% in fact, thai it is his presence on tb OpjKwition Front Reuchthot keeps them in office. This being so, tho member for Brighton \- thinks seriously of getting across the floor nud allowing Mr I)uffy to have a shot Mr Duffy . .. excu&ul; : himself on the. grounds that' he is d new member, and unaoqnainted; with the terms of tho House. Mr Bent says . . tliat when Dow was stumping tbo country on \- - the dosed roads question, he used to think to Mrr-jy'iy; "Wonderful 'fellow.' Dow'; not near such a fool as he looks. " This tnado the dis traught House laugh, and sonic one said, "Of cuuree he's not." With reference to the Chuffcy, Mr Woods H.iy« "tho Government h:w reld them the lion u skin nndleft them tocntchthulion," mcaningtlio Murray wntera. Mr Bent also wants to know who is General Sclmw ? "Pshaw!" was the information vouchsafed by Mr C. E. June, and every parrot in the Chamber echoed, "Pshaw?'' Mr Gillies was then " Ivimicked" about having refurrcd to his colleague, Messrs Belt and Dow, as subordi nates, which caused the Minister of Lauds to close his fist in nu l'm-not-subordinate-iii-oiic- thiug air. Mr Bout then led the House back to tin ad dress, nud as thcro was nothing else to do moved, "That in tlmopinion of thin House tho administration of tho Mining department is unsatisfactory." He could not have anticipated this would be carried, but it was calculated tho best means of (sowing dissent in tho ranks of Ministerial supporters, and placing mining members sitting behind the Government in an awkward position. When the unexpected bolt was shot these gentlemen looked scared. MrTulhill had to support tho' motion, although he said that otherwise ho thought tho Government a good one. Asa simplo expression of opinion, the House would carry tho amendment, but as ii want of confidence motion it has uot the ghost of a show. Valet 