A GREAT CONFERENCE. (From the San Francisco News Letter.) The conference between Home Ministers and Colonial Delegates, which has been in session in London for some weeks past, is in many respects the most important assemblage the world ever saw. The men who compose it are representatives of the vast domain over which Great Britain holds sway. From North and South, the East and the West, men have gathered who are engaged in building up great States. The Home Go vernment is represented by Lord Salisbury and the leading members of the Cabinet. Governors-General, Prime Ministers, heads of departments, members of Parliament, and other high officials are there in great force. They come from Canada, which skirts the entire northern boundary of the United States aud stretches away north until it reaches the realms of eternal ice; from the sunny Southern Austral land, whose area equals that of the States aud Territories of this 'Union, without Alaska; from New Zealand, which has iu an enlarged degree all the products that have made “ the tight little Island at home ” the centre of wealth that it is; from India, with its vast trade and its teeming millions of men and money; from such important strategical points as Hong Kong, Gibraltar, Malta, Cyprus, Ceylon, King George’s Sound, Van cover, &c.;, and, in short, from all the lead ing centres of that mighty Empire on which “the sun never sets.” They represent a population of over 300,000,000, or nearly one-third of the inhabitants of the entire globe; aud that by no means the most in significant third either in point of education, civilisation, and wealth-creating capacity'. These representatives have met in confer ence to devise w ays aud means by which to more completely consolidate the whole Empire. They are agreed upon their pur pose, though there may be’ differences of opinion as to the best means of promoting it, aud a more hard- headed, practical, and yet enthusiastic congregation of experienced men it would be difficult to imagine. The way to improve mail facilities, increase ocean telegraph cables, establish more steam lines, sustain the Colouial, Inter-Colonial and Imperial routes of travel and commerce, aud generally to build up the moral and material, as well as the sentimental ties that should bind the whole together, have been discussed in a manner worthy of such a conference of Imperial statesmen. Naturally enough, the wonderful commerce of the empire was frequently aud fondly dwelt upon. Some very astonishing figures were quoted. The value of British ships aud of the freight they carry anuually reaches at the present time the stupendous total of 5,000,000,000 dels ! Aud yet British interests in sea-borne commerce are even larger than that, for much of what appears to be foreign trade is either British property or security for British advances. In 1886 the total tonuage of the sea-going mercantile ships of the world amounted to 6.500.000 tons, and of this total no less than 4,500,000 —or more than two-thirds of the whole—belonged ’to the British Empire. Of the merchant steamers capable of making 14 and more knots per hour 05 per ceut. are sailed under the British flag, and the whole hundred percent, were built within the British dominions. Of the commerce which passed through the Suez Canal in ISS6, 87 per cent, was carried in British bottoms. The telegraph cable system of the world amounts to 107,000 miles, and has cost 155,000,000 dol. Of that system all but 7000 miles are entirely' under British eoutrol, and arc the result of private enterprise. Australia alone increased its population twelve fold iu 40 years, and raised its imports from 7,500,000 dols. to 317.500.000 dols. in ISSS. Figures equally portentious might be given at great length, but space forbids, and, be sides, enough have been quoted to suffice to enable all reflecting minds to realise the greatness of the Empire that, for the first time, has recently been represented in con ference iu London. Such a showing is a curious commentary upon the New York Herald aud other telegrams which daily endeavor to educate the people of this country into the vain belief that the deca dence of the British Empire has set in, and that it is only a question of time when “the whole rotten shebang” will cease to iuterest the living world, except as the ghost of a dead past. 