The Winfi That Conquer's Care, Nay, frown not, fairest I Ohlde no mora, Nor blame the blushing wine j Ita fiery lipa are innocent When thrills the pulse with thine, Go, leave the goblet in my hand, But veil thy glances bright, Lc-at wine ana beauty mingling here, Should wrecls soul to-night. Then, dearest, to the ancient vine, * In sculptured beauty rare, Bow down thy red, arched lip and quaff The wine that conquers care; And breathe upon the glowing oup, Till thuB its perfumes be Sweet as the scent of the orange groves Upon some tropic sea. Then while the fingers idly atray In dalliance o'er the lyre, Sing to me love, some rare old song That gushed from heart of fire Song such as Greoian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, And Persia's glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon. Sing till the shouts of armed men Ring bravely out once more I Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shine on the moonlit shore t Bid from their melancholy graves The busied hopes to start, I know ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of the past I My soul aball follow theo-< Ita boundless depths are echoing Thy glorious minstrelsy; ! And as the sweet vibrations hang Enfettered on the air. I'll drink, thy white arms round me, love, The wine that oonquera oaie; A Great Traffic in Fowls.-Speaking of the immense number of fowls reeeived weekly at Marseilles, France, a London journal says: The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vans of the ordinary size, but specially constructed for this traffic, The Bidoa are of lattioe-work, and internally the van is divided into nine tiers, or shelves. On eaoh tier there are twelvo cages, and each cage is calculated to contain thirty birds. In this way the prodigious numbor of three thousand,two hundred and fifty fowls is oon veyed in a single waggon. The oages are provided with tins for water on one side and for com on the other, and there is a door in eaoh through whioh any fowl that ia injured or sickly oan be at once removed. ? The birds are said not to suffer at all to deteriorate on their journey, though they come from Milan or even from Veniae, and in many oases are sent through direct as far as the Spanish frontier. We often thank Heaven that we a; a not aa tho Italians in the matter of the treatment of animals (and no doubt as a rule we do eo with justice), but if the Irish poultry consigned to the markets of London or Glasgow could sea the arrangements that arc made for the accomodation of their Italian brethren, they would surely pray to be delivered from the careless l^indhearted. ness of tho English, and handed over to the calculating roeroicu of the Italian. Beggars Supported by Gamblers.-Par haps the gamblers are too beat support of beggars, If you know where a poker game or a faro bank ig looated-of course you don't; you never saw anything of that kind, and I know ; will bo quite a surprise to you to learn that they exist, if, indeed, you know what they are- you'll always find beggars and loafers around, Gamblers are superstitious, aud they will not upon any considerfttibn pass a beggar by without giving him a small contribution. It would ba bad luok, Perhaps there's a trifle of conscience about it, and they have, after all, a souse of some power above them to be ap peased by their helping the needy. A gambler will borrow to give to a boggar. I have known actors imbued with the same sentiment. I only knew one dramatist who owned the superstition. He had a play oom ing out, and the night it was to be produced, j just before the curtain went up, a beggar tackled him. He gave him a penny, .' There," said he, " that's good luok. My play will bo a go." It was a terrific failure. " £ wish I'd giveu him a florin !" he said, The superstition wan all right. The amount hadn't been enough to appease the goddess Fortune. His Cfoatumes.-Riohard Wagner gener ally received his visitors in medircsval costumes suoh as he always woro when composing. Alexandre Dumas, calling on him one day, was highly amused at the masquerade. " You are all dressed up to play ' Gessler,' eh ?" said Dumas, with his good-natured laugh, which rather hurti the feelings of the author of " Tannhauser," who nevertheless returned M. Dumau' visit when next ho went to Paris. AUfir same delay M. Dumas appeared at last, arrayed in a magnificent dressing- gown with large flower pattorn, a helmet with flying plumes, a life-belt round his waist, and enormous riding boots. " Pardon mo," said ho majestically, " for appearing in my working costume. I oan do nothing without being dressed in this manner. Half of my ideaB live in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my boots, whioh are indispensable to me when I writo my love Bcenes." Moral Courage.-There ia a brave man in Kentucky. Tne State is noted for the bravery of her eons and the beauty of her daughters; but the man we Bpeak of has a kind of courage whioh is rare everywhere and at all times. His name is John 8. Rhea. On the stump recently, Mr, Rhea deBoanted with freedom upon another speaker, who replied by a challenge to mortal combat. Rhea de clined to fight for four reasons: 1. He did not believe in duelling, 2. It was against the law. 3. There was Borne one dependent upon bim to whom ho owed protection. 4. His acceptance of a challenge would exclude him from tho practico of hia profession in Ken. tuoky. These are arguments which his op ponents will find it diffioult to answer, At the same time, speakers who do not believe in duelling are praotioally bound to treat their opponents with the moBt scrupulous personal respect. A feeble but facetious applicant for em ployment in Brisbane oalled upon the alder man from hia ward, the other day, and press, ing his claims to consideration upon the ground of service rondered upon election, urged the alderman to securo him a place, «' Why, my dear fellow, you are too sick to work. I would gladly do anything I could for you, but it is out of tho question ; there is no one of the departments that would fit your case," "Isn't there? What's the matter with the Health Department 1" Female students arp numerous in Paris (most of them Russians), and generally poor, so they olub together and put their resources into a common fund. One room is used as a dormitory, another as a study, etc., and a sinrcte dnmi to*- »u 