A PRINCE OF THE BLOOD. BY JAMES PAYN, Author of "Lost Sir Massingberd," "By Proxy," "The Heir of the Ages," &c;, [Published by special arrangement with; the author. All rights icserved.] CIIAPTEB XYII.-RESCUE BAY. Rescue ;Bay, a3 it was presently christened by common consent, in which the ladies now found themselves, pre sented a very different appearance from that which it had offered to their eyes twelve hours before. Not a trace of storm was to be seen on sea or shore ; the breeze which blew from the land only just sufficed to spread the Union Jack which had already been planted on the summit of the wooded cliff, not so much in sign of sovereignty as to attract, without loss of time, the attention of a passing vessel, if Buch perchanse should, like their own, be ever driven from her course into those un frequented seas. The great expanse of glittering sand was already marked out into spaces for the reception of human tenants/ or for the accommodation of stores, a goodly heap of which was already piled above high water mark. Knots of meD, as busy as bees, were dryiug powder in the sun or sitting under the saade of the rocks with which the sand was inter spersed, cleaning and polishing their amail arms. It was noticeable that, notwitstanding this unusual industry, every man now and then looked up from his occupation to gaze seawards, where operations were going on, on which, as they well knew, depended not only their hopes of future enfranchisement, but it might be even their means of subsistence. A hasty survey of the island. had already been made, which, as has been said, had been found to be uninhabited ; but it still remained to be seen whether it offered any sustenance for human life. Water, indeed, it possessed in plenty, for down the centre of the cliff there fell, with leaps and bounds, a silver stream of sufficient volume to make its course visible through the sand until it reached the shore, where it emptied itself into a land locked harbor. The reef, in fact, on which the Granges had come to grief formed a natural break water, which, though extending to the shore in a westward direction, left on the east a sufficiently broad passage to have admitttd her with safety in daylight in alrcost any weather ; while, once under its protection, she could have anchored in company with a dozen ships of the same size, shielded even from the east wind by a projecting promontory of the land.. The question now on which so much was depending, was whether the shi£ could be got off, in which case it could possibly be towed into harbor and repaired. In the meantime, while the present fine weather lasted, every moment of day light was utilised in bringing off stores, provisions, and every article which could conduce to the general comfort and convenience. For this purpose not only the boats, but also the raft, had been dis patched to the reef and was now anchored on the sheltered side of it, and with the naked eye the men could be perceived makiDg their way across the rocks that composed it, each with his burthen on his back, like ants on ant-hill. It was a strange and stirring spectacle, and moved the two ladies much, though in a different manner. Edith gazed upon it with admiration, which was not without a touch of cynicism. Where would be the use, was the reflection that occurred to her, of all that industry and solicitude if the wanton wind should rise but for an hour, or the slumberous sea begin to yawn. To Aunt Sophia's eyes it seemed that success must needs crown such arduous efforts. She even ventured to picture to herself once more in England, | no longer the commonplace and conven tional personage whose role she had i hitherto been content to play, but a ; female Ulysses, on whose lips, as she : detailed her wanderings and adventures, quite the best society would be eager to hang. ! The interest of this distant scene for the moment indeed made the two new comers quite oblivious to the fact that Mr. | Ainswotth was waiting for them, and hia breakfast in the foreground. He had kindled a fire on which some coffee was preparing, and spread out a little table cloth on the sand, whereon potted meats marmalade, and other condiments were laid as for a picnic. i " Where on earth did you get all these dainties ?" exclaimed Aunt Sophia, as she i warmly shook hands with him, her spirits Already elevated, rising several degrees higher at the contemplation of a feast, which the air of the place rendered as welcome as it was unexpected. " My dear Edith, there are actually eggs !" " The fowls, like all the rest of us, have been doing their duty," returned the chaplain, as pleased with the younger lady's grateful smile as by her companion's more exuberant satisfaction. "It is to Mr. Marsden that you are indebted for the sundries, and to Mr. Redmayne for the potted Bhrimps. Mr. Doyle contrl-. buted the marmalade, but that we have agreed is not to be put to hia credit, for out of two pots whichhe broijigat ashore one broke in his pocket. The captain himself supplied the coffee pot and its contents, and your h'amble servant collected the sticks £ci' the fire." "But where, except the Sticks, did it all come from, Mr. Ainsworth ?" enquired Edith. "Is it possible that you gentle men have been ransacking the Ganges for our comfort, while we two Bluggarda were asleep ?" "While you were taking that rest which nature demanded, let U3 rather say, and which your courage and conduct, permit me to add, have nobly earned, some of the officers and a boat's crew made a trial trip to our old home, and picked up what they could. They are now laying her under contributions on a much more extended scale. The neces sity of it is plain enough, but it goes sorely against the grain with our poor little captain. He says that it seems to him like taking the money out of the pocket of a dead friend." " Does he think, then, there is no hope of the ship's ever being got off 1" enquired Aunt Sophia, looking up from her egg as if it were addled. " He cannot say that for certain till he has made a more particular survey of the wreck," said the chaplain evasively, at the same time bringing a telescope to bear upon the object in question. " He ia now coming off ia the jolly boat, I see, and will no doubb bring us news of the matter. However it may be, dear ladies," he added gravely, " let us remember we have very much to be thankful for even as it is." "Thatis just what Robinson Crusoe said, or was it the parrot?" observed Aunt Sophia. Nothing was further from her thoughts than any disrespect to the chap lain, but the effect of the observation was disastrous. 41 In such a condition as our own, Mis3 Norbury," returned Mr. Ainsworth re provingly, "believe me, that the virtue it behoves us most to practice is that of resig nation to the will of Providence." " No doubt, no doubt; but let us hope that things are not come to the worst yet," said Aunt Sophia naively. " Fever say die while there's a shot in the locker," observed Master Conolly a3 he disposed of a sardine neatly packed in a layer of marmalade between a couple of sweet biscuits. It was a contribution ap posite enough to the conversation, but not on the whole calculated to allay irritation. Aglance which the good chaplainhappened to ca3t at Edith, however, put all indigna tion out of his mind. In that calm and un moved face heread, as he thought, anabso lute submission to the degree of Fate, and remembering what she had undergone, his heart found no room in it except for pity. A silence fell upon the little group a3 they watched the boat, which was bring ing the judge and their sentence with it. It seemed to them that he stepped out of ! it with a certain slowness and dignity which, though dignity was by no means naturally wanting with him-that spoke of disaster nobly faced ; it might, how ever, be the mere sense of responsibility which their position must in any case have entailed upon him. He 'came towards them with firm, resolute steps, and took off his cap to his fair guests with a cheer ful smile. "I hope, Mr. Ainsworth, you have taken care that these ladies, who have been placed in your especial charge, have been well provided for ?" "Indeed," said Aunt Sophia, " we have fared most luxuriously, Captain Head. My niece and I, indeed, have no words to thank you for the consideration and kind ness with which we have been treated by everybody." " That is well, ladies. So it will be, I am confident, to the end, however long we may be fated to remain in our present quarters." " Then-then," quavered Aunt Sophia, " you think there ia no hope " " As regards the ship, i regret to 3ay, a few days-a few hours, if the wind should rise-will, in my opinion, see the last of her." "Oh, Captain Head, dear Captain Head, do you really mean that we shall never see home again ?" "We are, dear madam, as Mr. Ains worth here will tell you better than I," said the captain gently, "in the hands of God. He will do what seems best to Him and doubtless best for us. I do not a£k you to give up hope, if hope is a com fort to you, but I think it would be better for us all to face the facts. I trust we shall all do what in us lies, like English men and Englishwomen, for ourselves and one another; but in my judgment, since you ask me, I think we shall never see old England more." At these words, which were delivered by the honest captain with a certain solemn simplicity that went home to the hearts of his hearers, Aunt Sophia covered her face with her hands and wept bitterly. Edith Instantly rose, and with a glance at the rest, which gentle and apologetic though it was, forbade them to follow, led her agitated companion to her tent. The others stood looking at one another in con sternation, as men who are not by nature " roughs" are wont to do at the sight of a woman's tears. " What a fool's trick it was of mire,/ murmured the captain penitently, " cu blurt out the truth like that." "You have nothing to reproach your self with," returned the chaplain con fidently. " It is much better that she should know the worst at once than de lude herself with false hopes." There was an uncomfortable pause, and then the captain, lowering his voice, observed-" I was not thinking so much of the one that wa3 working at the pumps, but of the other. Did you hear what that poor girl said when I told them that we should never see England more ? She said ' Thank heaven,' " " Yes, I heard her. I don't think, however, she quite knew what she was saying." "Driven out of her wits, eh, by my blundering speech ? Well, the next time I have any bad news for her you shall break it yourself. Heaven knows I had rather go without my breakfast any day than she should have an ache in her little finger. But since the mischief's done, and the coffee's here, you may pour me out a cup, Conolly." CHAPTER XVIII. - THE CAPTAIN'S i SPEECH. ? As when a railway train is rapidly i emptied of its luggage on a platform when the express is almost due behind it, so were the contents of the Ganges hurried over her side and into the boats. Not an hour of the calm weather, nor of daylight, was wasted, for it was well understood by all that whatever seemed precious now would have a fancy value a few weeks heEce, and might even make the difference of life or death. Though the captain's resolution as regards the vessel was acknowledged to be a sound one, there was still a hope that after all which was necessary to their immediate existence should be got out of her her timbers might be made use of to build another ship ; but for this a long spell of fine weather was in dispensable, as the conveyance of any thing of size and weight across the reef was very difficult, and the prognostica tions of the barometer were far from favorable. For the present, however,. morning after morning dawned in sunshine and with softest airs, and every evening saw the acquisitions from the ship im mensely increased. To the more thought less and sanguine it seemed that the stores thus accumulated would last for ever. They said to themselves with Robinson Crusoe that never before were shipwrecked, men so well provided, but to those of better judgment it was plain that Unless the island itself cculd be made to yield them support they would be in the posi tion of men who live upon their principal, 3iid that a day must needs come, and that at no distant date, when there would be nothing left to feed so many hungry mouthB. The investigation of the capabilities of their place of exile were, however, for the time postponed for the work of salvage. The spectacle of so much industry amid a scene BO fair was in itself exhilarating. If our first parents bad had some occupation j in their idle hours in the Garden of Eden besides loafing and spooning it Is probable that they would not have made such a fiasco of matters. Even the ladies, who might easily have pleaded exemption from the common toil,, put Eve to shame in this respect, for instead of roaming over their lovely dwelling- place in search of fruit they busied themselves in sorting out whatever articles required care and good keeping, and in storing them afresh in such places as the captain deemed de sirable. This employment prevented their minds from dwelling upon their respective calamities, while the invigorating, though genial climate, restored both strength and spiiit. The solicitude with which they were treated by almost all hands had also it3 encouraging effect, and they often found themselves, to their own astonishment, discoursing of things around them a3 though they had been the environments of ordinary life, rather than of an ab normal and exceptional position. As a rule Edith was the consoler; or rather, by avoiding all reference to their past, beguiled her companion's thoughts from it. Now and then, however, ahe would, as it were unawares, make some allusion to it, which revealed the sepulchre where her heart was buried. On such occasions it was the elder lady's part, not indeed to comfort her, for such a task she knew to be beyond her power, but to turn the talk , to other subjects. " I cannot help thinking, Aunt Sophia," said Edith, as the two ladies sat in their tent one evening comforting themselves with a cup of tea after the labors of the day, " that this must be one of the En chanted Isles that sailors believed in until within ihe last hundred years." "That must be before the geographi cal books began to be published, I sup pose?" " Not at all. I remember in that old geography of De Lisle, which dear papa used to set such store on, they were marked in a map as Brazil and Asmuda. Even so late, he once told me, as 1750, an island never before known, but covered with fields and woods, and very fertile, was seen in the Atlantic, and so strongly vouched for that ships were sent from England to explore it." *' I hope they will be sent to look for this one," sighed Aunt Sophia. " It is hardly likely, though the parallel holds good in other respects) for De Lisle's notion was that it was the country of ghostB, and are we not here the ghosts of our former selves ?" " I must confess that we have very good appetites for ghosts," observed Aunt Sophia drily; a rejoinder, simple and commonplace though it was, far more judicious and effective than any falling in with the other's mood would have been. It had, also, the advantage of being true. In their new abode their physical health was perfect; in such a climate, indeed, | there was little fear of its being otherwise, except through the monotony of their lives ; and of this, as it turned out, the castaways had not long to complain. It was the fifth evening after their disaster, and everything that could con duce to use and comfort had been taken out of the vessel. On the next morning it was understood that the much more serious work of taking her to pieces was to be commenced. The men were in excel lent spirits in anticipation of this, the first step towards escape from exile, though the carpenter had reported that the bands of the ship had given signs of starting, and that it waa unlikely she could hold to gether much longer. The ladies were still at their tea, when suddenly the boat swain's whistle sounded thrice. They knew it to be the signal for the assembly of the whole ship's company, and started up in some alarm. Though not of course included in the summons, they immedi ately repaired to the larger bay, and on their way were met by Master Conolly, who, foreseeing their apprehensions, had com e in haste to allay them. Some trouble, he explained, had arisen with one or two of the men, who had helped themselves from one of the liquor casks, and the captain was about to address the ship's company upon the matter. In vain the young midshipman endea vored to persuade hi3 fair companions to return to their tent; their curiosity was too strong to be overcome, and he could only induce them to accept hi3 escort - a protection which, as it turned out, wa3 not altogether superfluous. Not one or two only, but a good many of the men, exhausted with their day's work, and urged by the natural liking which most seamen entertain "for strong liquor, had taken advantage of the accidental breaking of a cask of rum to drink freely, and had be come very noisy and elated. They gave, indeed, a mechanical obedience to the summons of the boatswain, but it was plain from their air and manner that they were in no condition to listen to the voice of authority. The majority of the crew, however, who with them had formed a ring about the captain and his officers, maintained an attitude of respectful at tention. Something had already hap pened which was not intelligible to the new comers, but which could be partly guessed at by the attitude of the persons con cerned. Close to the captain were three sailors, Mellor, Rudge, and Murdoch, looking very flushed, and to say truth somewhat mutinous. They had borne by no means a good character on board the Ganges, so thac it was not sur prising that they should have miscon ducted themselves on shore. Yet the captain not only regarded them with such troubled and anxious looks as were inex plicable to all acquainted with his resolute and dauntless character, bub was address ing them in terms of consideration rather than remonstrance. "You have had a hard day's work and little to eat, and therefore there is much excuse for you. But I must say to you, as indeed I say to all, that there is nothing more dangerous to persons in our condition than indul gence in drink." " That's all gammon," interrupted Murdoch huskily. He was a huge man, beside whose giant form with his large arms and hairy chest even the captain's stalwart form was dwarfed. "Since we are here we mean to enjoy ourselves, and we don't mean to be preached to neither, nor yet bullyragged as though we were still on board of" that cursed old hulk yonder." "That's so," and " So saya I,"growled the other two men, while a faint murmur of applause went up from a few others in different parts of the assembly, which showed that they were not without their sympathisers. The majority, however, maintained a silence which .was equally significant. They seemed only less amazed at their comrades' audacity than at the patience and toleration with which it had been borne. "I am sorry," returned the captain, in firm but quiet tones, which made them selves audible even to those who, like the ladies and their conductor, stood on the very outskirts of the crowd, "that you Bhould so speak of the old1 ship which has been our home so long, and I hope, upon the whole, not an unhappy one. "Quite right, sir," "A good home," "Aye, and with a good master, too," went up from the now excited throng in all directions. The captain took off his cap, and the men began to cheer, bub became instantly silent as he recom menced. "1 say I am sorry that any man who has sailed with me should entertain such unpleasant recollections of his voyage, or of the 4 cursed old hulk,' as he calls it, which we are looking on yonder-it may be for the last time." " We don't want no palaver ; we want3 to enjoy ourselves ; we wants rum," cried the mutineers with drunken vehemence. "Let the captain speak." "Never mind Black Murdoch, sir." "Three cheers for the old Ganges," replied the crowd. " Hum is very good in its way, but we may have too much of it," observed trie captain, with all the gentleness of a moralist, " and especially when, as in our case, men are cast ashore upon an un known land, subject it may be to the attack of savages, at whose mercy our lives may be placed at any moment, ana dependent for our slender chance of escape upon the efficiency and alertness of those on watch for a passing sail. It would be hard to be deprived of all hope of Eeeing our own country again, with our wives and sweethearts, because some drunken scoundrel or another couldn't keep from the rum." "That's so!" "Three cheers for our ?wives and little ones!" "Home, sweet home !" "You know what's best for us, captain !" " 1 think I do ; but as has been proved to me pretty clearly by the conduct of one or two of you here, whom I will not name, I am no longer your captain. " We knows that fast enough, master, exclaimed Murdoch triumphantly; "you are no master now, nor ever will be, yah . "Well, that is a matter entirely for your own consideration, my men, con tinued the captain ; "the most votes must carry it. It ia quite true since the Ganges is not a king's Bhip, that With the loss of her, I have lost command of you. You no longer owe me any obedience ; but that some one to hold supreme authority must be chosen by you is certain, if we would live here^for a day without flying at each other's throats. Fix upon whom you will, so long as he be honest and sober, bub when he is once chosen let his will be law. Even what has occurred to-night shows, I think, the necessity for such an arrangement, while to-morrow-well, for all we know, to-morrow it may be too lata to make it. Suppose an enemy attack us with no one to give an order how to re pulse him. Suppose a ship came in sight, and 50 men crowd into a boat where there is only space for 10, and we lo3d. her !" "Right, right, we'll choose yon, ciptain^ there's nobody but you to choose," cami. from all parts of the crowd. "Oh, yes, there are lots of others t* choose from," continued the captain smiling, " and whom you do choose mu3b be elected in a proper manner. It won't do to shout for Jones to-day and for Smith to-morrow, and your decision, whatever ic be, must be put down in writiug. You will find a paper in yonder tent, with peu and ink all ready for you, and the chap lain to explain matters, and show where the mark m*st be put for those who are no scholars. Everyone in the ship's company, officers and men, will find his name there, and every one will vote for whom he likes, only remember this, that once recorded itcannot be cancelled. Now go and choose your king." 