YASS HOSPITAL. The monthly meeting of the committee of the Yass district hospital was held on Friday night. Present — Mr. A. W. Thomson (President), Mr. E. Howard (honorary treasurer), and Messrs. Dr; Thane, T. Walters, B. A. Nichols, A. G. Brander, and the secretary (Mr. John Harper. The secretary read a note of apology irom Dr. Hoets for his absence from the meeting, as he had been called away to Gunning. The minutes ot the last meeting were read and confirmed on the motion of Mr. Nichols, seconded by Mr. Walters. medical report. The medical report, as drawn up by Dr. Thane, showed that af the last meeting of com mittee, 2 patients were in the hospital, 2 had since been admitted, 1 died, 2. were.discharged, and 1 was at present in the hospital. PAUPER -FUND. ',1 The. se««Ury itated that the paup4r fund showed an expenditure, to the end of Febru" ary, of £to ios. HOSPITAL FURNITURR. ' The secretary stated, "that in. compliance with a resolution passed at the la9t meeting, he wrote td Messrs. C, Rogers and Co., of Goul- burn, asking them for prices of chair com modes, and in reply he had received a book of designs, and a letter giving the prices. He also wrote to Messrs. Wollop Bros., of Sydney, for prices, arid they referred him to their .local agent, Mr. "Tartakovei, from Whom he received a book of designs with list of prices, which were now on the table for inspection by the com mittee. . r ! '' / < " ' After the prices -had been 'compared, v Dr. "Thane moved — " That one superior commode at a price 'j£2, be obtained from Messrs. C. Rogers and Co., of Goulburn, on approval." ilf the committee found that it answered they could easily order a few others. jMifr 'Nichols secpnded v4he-ynoti<,#hich was earned/ . . t f\': .4 O Z'.P J. report on the building. The secretary stated that in compliance with a resolution of Mr. Wood's, passdd af" the last meeting, he had written to the gentlemen named in the motion, asking them to inspect ! the building, and they kindly met and made a thorough inspection, of the premises, and then sent in the followingrepoj :— Yass, xst March, 1887. Tp the committee of (he Yass District ; Hospital. . Gentlemen, — In compliance with the , desire 'expressed by the committee we have mad?/ a general inspection of the present' building useTas a hospital, and are of opmion? ''trot/considering its dilapidated state, it .wpuld;be: aw<Anfiiderabe whsfeof money to endeavour -to' feitodSfe it, and therefore strongly recommend to take actfVe steps tor. the erection of a new hospital if funds can bd pnjcvtrablp.-i. We observe that '!iotWithstaimitg' tjttf biraces' which jyere pl'ac(5d'.'throSpi;..thej. pqji' walls of the building a short time since, that'theV . are.still giving way. Should the committee not; -be m''a'position to erect a new hospitalj we' strongly recommend the upper story to be Jaken off, and proper wings added to the lower story. : : THOMAS', COLLS. : GEORGE THOMSON. . , , ROBERT BEVERLY. The secretary stated that Mr Colls had in formed him that he would use his best en deavours to. augment the funds in order to en able- the committee to carry out the object in view. correspondence. The only correspondence read was the fol lowing letter from Mr. A. C. Wood; ' Yass, March 3rd, 1887. A. W. Thomson Esq., President, Yass Hospital. My Dear Sir,— As I will be away from Yass to-morrow, and as I do not think I (will be back in time to allow of my attending the committee .meeting at the hospital, I take the liberty of ad dressing you, to point out my views with re gard to the erection of a new hospital for Yass, as possibly the report, of the gentlemen who were;rpquested to inspect and send in a report in theHospitaUwill be placed before the meeting. I do not knpw what the report of these gentlemen will be, but my views are altogether in favour of a new hospital. I believe money, expended in trying to improve the present building would only be thrown away, and that in every respect the erection of a new hospital would be far more economical. There is to start with, Mr. J. B Sharp's £100. Well, I will guarantee to collect' yjioo, and if the ladles'-, of Yass, lenil their assist- 'ance, they could by the time of the next show get up on a grand scale, a bazaar which, would give a return of at least £ 200 . The expense of this bazaar totdcLhe trivial ijfef would do i_all ., the printing given to jS»'€ourier' gratuitously, and therefore no expense need be spared in that fe-" spect. Again, during the winter months, a ball could be;got/up in aid of the new building, which would realise at the very lowest between £60 and £70. These sums mentioned are not extra vagant,' when the object is taken'; into considera tion. They make up £470. Weli, say for £400, the Government would give £ for £ mak ing £800, and then, there is a fixed deposit of £200, making in all loooi land besides these sums mentioned, I feel positive that we, have a a few kind persons in the "district, who will by their handsome donations help us in a very great 'measure in this movement. I also believe that our member, (Mr. T: Colls) will be able to obtain for us from the Government a special, grant to wards the erection of the new building. -T am sure it only wants to be asked , for, as I notice that not only Cootamundra, but every district in the colony get such grants upon the application of the representatives. I am not sending these views to the committee through any feeling of egotism, but simply because I have a desire to s?e a new building take the place of the present one, and I therefore hope my letter will be taken in the same spirit in which it is sent. If the committee are in favour pf my views, you and they can rest assured, that I. will give all the as sistance that I. possibly can,, to carry the move ment to a successlul issue.— I arp, dear sir, yours faithfully. A. C. WOOD. Dr. Thane said they had a report from three gentlemen on the present state of the hospital, and it bore out the opinion of the committee thatiit would not:be wise to spend, money in trying to fepair the present building. ! It is quite clear that the upper story cannot last much longer; even though' braces have been applied to the walls. As to the idea' of taking down the upper story and enlarging the' biiild- ing by adding wings to it, he thought was absurd. It would be far better lor them to build a new hospital at once, and he saw nothing left for the committee to do but to take steps for the erection of a new building. He would therefore propose — " That the secretary advertise for a public meeting to be held on an early date, of the general public to take-steps to raise funds for the erection- of a new hospital." Mr. Brander seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr. Walters moved—" That the secretary convey the thanks of the committee to Messrs. T. Colls, G. Thomson, and R. Beverly, for their kindness in having inspected the hos pital and sending in a report on it to the com mittee." Mr. Nichols seconded the motion, which was carried. The president thought that as far as the public meeting went, it would be is well to give it as much publicity as possible. It was a gigantic undertaking, and they wanted the support of the general public. They were all of opinion that a new hospital was neces sary, and the more publicity the public meet ing got the better it would be for the move ment. : He would do all in -his power to assist the tunds, and after they had a -public meeting they would know the feelings oh the people, and then they would be able to take action. tenders, The tenders for the supply of. requisites for' the hospital for the current year were 'opened and the following tenders were accepted R. Beverly, funerals, £3 1 23. 6d..; Comins and Graham, meat/id. i lb J)! Fonville, bread, 3d. per 2 lb'loaf ; J CGuch'.'milk 3 a quart ; M. Coen, groceries, draperies, and'wines and | spirits. ' ' The meeting then terminated. ' ' " "'f i SELECTIONS. / , .&. THE|following selections were taken iip.it the land offices mentioned, on'Thursday last/ — Gunning. — Catherine' McGillis, conditional purchase, 70 acres, CroMrtvell ; Samufcl Wilson, conditional purchase 32(xa0res, and conditional lease 640 acres, Dixon. ' Gundagai. — P. R. Egah, 200 acres, Tenandra. Circuit. — His honor, the Chief Justice, will preside at the circuit court to be holden at ,Yasston the 18th of April next. s A Large Pumpkin. — One of the large pumpkins which was exhibited at the show last. week. was, bought by Mr. J. F. Mote; and wheri weighed; turned the scale at 92 lbs , . Meeting of Parliament. — The new Par liament of N. S. Wales will meet to-day at noon. The member for Yass left town on Suhday.-night to be present at the opening. Public -School. — We understand that the tenders of the following persons in connection with the schools named, have been recom mended for acceptance, viz ;-Newman, Good Hope, £120; George Whittaker, Glenwood, £75- Withdrawal of Land from Sale. — The following portion of land has been withdrawn from sale, at Gunning, on the 23rd instant : — Lot O, portion 66, county of King, parish of Morrill, as the lapsing of the conditional pur chase under which the land was held, has been reversed. ( A Supposed Ghost at Coppabella. — A correspondent from Coppabella writes : — Allow me to trespass on your valuable space to give an account of a curious sight that has been seen in this locality. It made its first appear ance 6n the 14th of February, when it came to a house and made a dreadful noise in the dead ho"r of the night when everything was quiet, and frightened all the occupants. It was not heard of again until the night of the 21st of February, when the same dreadful noise was heard, and the inmates of the -house got up, when they saw walking around the room an Object which they took to be the devil. Find ing that talking to it was of no use, they tried what result a little ammunition would do, and after firing three shots it disappeared and has not been seen since. The figure was between six and seven feet in height, with a head the shape of a pig, and when broadside on, it ap peared to be nearly three feet across the chest. Our correspondent further adds that he has never seen ; such;: a .sight beforehand if any person could describe the animal to him, he would be extremely obliged, as he is anxious to know what it is. Presbyterian. — In consequence) of the Rev. S. T, Dickinson attending the meeting of the General Assembly of the. Presbyterian Church of New South Wales in Sydney,- from the 8th to 1 8th of thiiaonth, there will be no service in St. Andrew's' Cliurch next Sunday. Excursion Trains to Gunning Races. — The application made by . Mr. Colls, the member for the district for excursion trains to be put on for the Gunning rac.-s has been granted, as will be seen by the following latter which has been handed to us for publication : —Department of Railways, Sydney, March 5 1887.' Sir. — With reference to your letter of the 26th ultimo, asking that Excursion Fares may be granted on the occasion of the Annual Race meeting of Gunning Turf Club. I have the honor to inform you that your request is complied with and the arrangements will be advertised. , .Ihave the honor to be, Sir, Your most" obedient servant, C. A. Goodchap, Commissioner for Railways. — Thos. Coi.ls, Esq., M.P.; Albury Vilja, North Yass. . Publications Received. — We have re ceived the sixth annual publication of Fuller's County Cumberland directory and year book for 1887, which contains an immense amount of the most useful information, on all matters of importance relating to all the towns in the county of Cumberland, and adjoining districts as well as a, complete statement of a II official regulations. The work of compiling the directory was not finished till the end of January, -so that it cohtairis all the latest infor mation. that could be flp'tw that time, obtained. The directory is the most useful of the num bers yet' published by Mr. Fuller, and should meet with a ready sale. We have also re ceived the twenty-fifth annual report of the New South Wales institution for the deaf, dumb, and Jljndwhich gives a detailed ac count of the' proceedings? at '.the institution during the; year, well ;&s; a lisjt of the pupils, and the names pf the contributors, and amongst the latter! 'we notice several Yass names, in "addition to those who gave their donations to Mr. Henri BecqueL The March number of the| Rural Australian is also to hand and is quite up to its usual standard. Cricket. — The Yass.. eleven showed some splendid cricket in a match they played against eighteen o( the Yass River, on the oval on last- Saturday. The Yass eleven : in their first innings, made 99, and the eighteen in both innings only put together 114, thus leaving the Yass men to require 16 to win the match, and as the obtaining of that number was considered a certainty, they did not go to the wickets for their second' innipgs. , On. next; Saturday the Yass eleven' will play 22 of the district. Accident to Mr. A. Pearce.— We regret having to state that Mr. A. Pearce, of Coota mundra, son of Mr. H. C. G. Pearce, of Yass, met with an accident on Friday afternoon while he was out shooting. He discharged one barrel of his gun, and wanted to discharge the second ; but, as he pulled the wrong tiigger, he could not do so. He then thought he would withdraw the charge from the barrel, and in the attempt to do so the gun exploded arid the shot lodged in his great toe. The accident was a most painful one, and Mr. Pearce had to suffer his. medical .attendant i amputate the wounded toe. From enquiries we made yesterday we learn that Mr. Pearce is now doing 'well. The Race for the Australian Cup.— Trident, 8st. 7lb., 1 ; Nelson, gst. 71b., 2 ; All- Gold, 7st. 7lb.,'3- .Betting : 5 to 2 v. Trident, 4 to 1 Arsenal and Nelson, 10 to 1, Lochiel and All- Gold, 12 to 1, Satyr! 75 to 1 Phaon, 20 to 1 Grace Darling and Cyclops, 25 to 1 Ocean, Abuse, and Impulse, 30 to 1 Desperado. Lochiel occupied the inside position next the rails, and when the horses were sent away at the' second attempt to a very fair start he was the first to show in aavance of the others. As the field flew along towards the Abattoirs, Desperado drew out clear of the others and soon established a good lead, the body of the horses following.in close order, with Lochiel at their head. Close behind him was Abuse, who was followed by Phaon, All Gold, Impulse, Ocean, Trident, and Nelson, while Arsenal and Grace Darling were last. These were the positions occupied by the horses as they raced round . the turn towards the straight. Passing the stand, Desperado was nearly 20 lengths clear of the others, Lochiel on the inside still retaining his second place. Round the turn, away from the straight, the ;hunt after Desperado still continued, and along the river side .no change of note in the otder of those following occurred. After passing/ the ridge, Desperado began to drop back, and as they went along the back he'was less than half-a- dozen jengths ahead of Lochiel. At this point Trident, wpnt into a more prominent position, and as theAhAttoirs were passed, Lochiel for the" first time since'thie start of- the race lost his place of second, VfHjeh was taken - by- Abuse, who led into the straight, closely followed by Trident, Phaon, Nelson, and Impulse, the last- named being next the rails. "Once in the straight, Nelson -came to the front, with I mpulse, Abuse, and-Trident close oi him, the nearest of the others, being Phaon, Arsenal, and All Gold, the latter rapidly improv ing his position. At the distance Nelson was in front of everything, but Trident challenged him, and a great finish betweert "the pair resulted in the Derby winner getting hbme .first by half a neck, Ail Gold, a length and three- quarters away, .filling, the third place. Impulse, close up, was fourth, Ocean fifth, Satyr sixth, Abuse seventh, Phaon eighth, Arsenal ninth, Desperado tenth, Lochiel eleventh, Grace Darling twelfth, . and Cyclops last. Time, 4min 4#sec. The Gundagai Police — Inspector Harri son,. a very old officer of the police force, ar-i rived in Gundagai on last Tuesday for the : purpose of making a searching investigation ! into the assault committed on Martin Kenny in the Gundagai jail. The inquiry is a private one, and nothing will be heard of it until Mr. Harrison has sent in his report to the Inspector- General of Police. — Times. Committee of National Defence. — The Daily Telegraph says : — The Secretary of State for the Colonies has recommended to the Government of New South Wales that a defence committee be appointed to attend to the national defences of the country. The des patch (which is a secret one) also suggested alterations that might be desirable in perfect ing our defences. It is explained that this is a part of the scheme for national defences which has resulted from the various commissions that have sat to consider the subject. The Colonial Secretary (Sir Henry Parkes) has accordingly recommended five names for membership on this committee, and they now await Executive approval The names are Major-General Richardson, Colonel Roberts, Captain Hixson, Colonel Cracknell and Captain Penrose. The last named is lately from the Imperial service. The duties of this committee — who, we under stand, will receive no remuneration beyond that belonging to their positions as heads of different branches of our forces — will be to a large extent discharged in secret. Similar committees are to be appointed by other colonial Governments, and these committees will deal conjointly with matters which affect all the colonies in common. The London Chamber of Commerce oppose the renewal ot the Australian mail-service for a period of seven years. The Supreme Court on Friday refused a rule nisi for prohibition against the decision of the Licensing Bench granting a license to the Criterion Theatre. The' Chief Justice on Friday refused to grant a prohibition to Captain Rossi against the magistrates of Goulburn who had committed him for tria irt._connection with the recent distur bances in the Goulburn Cathedral. Earl Cairns is a passenger by the steamer Garonne which arrived in Adelaide on Friday. The Marine Board on Friday delivered their decision on the recent Emu-Waratah -collision and called upon the captains of both vessels to show cause why their certificates should not be suspended or cancelled. Garotting is becoming alarmingly prevalent in Melbourne. The Melbourne Tramway Company intend to apply to the Government to turn the existing horse tramways into cable lines. Mr. H. Romilly considers that the Australian colonies possess quite sufficient good country without endeavouring to acquire such an un certain and'ri'sky place as New Guinea"; - Sir George Innessays that it is a inaxium of law that t he- judges are not to steal leather from the rich to make shoes for the poor. -n?r' Z manager, of the Criterion Theatre, was brutally assaulted on his way home in Hyde Park on Thursday evening. His assailauts, who ran away on the police making their appearance, have not been captured. / The Full Court declined to quash the convic tion of Barton T rickett, sentenced to nine months imprisonment for theft. Bishop Barry, accompanied by Mrs. Barry and their two sons, left Sydney for London by R.M.S. Carthage on Friday. Anthony Wigley, overseer in the employ of Messrs. Amos Brothers, contractors for the Homebush-Waratah Railways, was killed near Freshwater Creek through being run over by a ballast train. In all probability Messrs. J. H. Young and G. R. Dibbs will be the rival contestants for the speakership. For the Chairmanship of com mittees, Mr. Angus Cameron is first favourite. . Mr. James Pain, the pyrotechnist, has so far contributed £497 to-ards the public charities. At Bingera, on Friday, a sad case of drowning occurred in the Gwydir River, Bingera. A man named James Taylor, driver for H. Lee, commercial traveller for D. Cohen and Co., Maitland, took the trap with one horse in the pole, to the river to wash the vehicle. The horse became restive, and the current being very strong, both man and horse were washed down ! the stream and drowned. Taylor's body has not yet been recovered. | The best periodical for ladies to take monthly and from which they will receive the greatest benefit is American Hop Bitters. , 