Telegraphic Intelligence. (FEO M O ÜB TELEGBAPHIC AGEISTS.) BBIBBAITE, Monday. An extensive seizure of liquor known as Wheat Tonic, manufactured at Gordon's Albion factory, in Brisbane, was made by the excise officers on Saturday, at Simpson's Shanty at I Caboolture. The liquor is said to be spirituous. I It is reported from Maryborough that a wealthy syndicats in London have secured a rich gold property at the Kilkivan. A Bookham pt 3d telegram states that claims are continued to be taken up three and a-half miles from Mount Morgan. Three were ap plied for to-day - x SYDNEY, Sunday. Messrs. Wong Tung Mio and ü Taing, the commissioners appointed on behalf of the . Emperor of China to inquire into the condition I of the Chinese in these colonies and into ? matters connected with trade in which China is interested, arrived to-day by the " Catterthun," and were accorded an enthusiastic reception by the principal Chinese residents of the city. The "Catterthun " was met at Watson's Bay by a steam branch containing most of the prominent Chinese " residents, who formally welcomed the commissioners, r -ceiving them aboard the launch, and conveying them to the Circular Quay, where a large crowd of Chinese and Euro peana were assembled, and the com missioners were cordially greeted prior to their being driven to their temporary residence in Macquarie-street. Wong Yung Ho holds the rank of brigadier-general in the Chinese army, and was employed under General Gordon, for whom he acted as interpreter during the Taep ing rebellion. He speaks English fluently, and is apparently a shrewd and well-informed gentleman. TJ Teing was formerly the Chinese Consul at San francisco, and is credited with having ably performed Hie duties of thal difficult position. The Bulli commission commenced theil official enquiry on Friday, and were engaged all Saturday makin; a thorough survey of thc portion of the mine where the explosion had occurred and wfll commence taking evidence at Woolongong on Tuesday. The decision tx sit at Woolongong instead of a*. Bulli hat caused some dissatisfaction hut the object wai to remove the witnesses from the influence ol local bias or feeling. Seventy witnesses will bi examined. The Premier received « cablegram from Sec retary of state for the colonies asking the opinior of the Government with regard to the sugges lion for her Majestys title infuture to be Que« of the United Kingdom of Gnat Britai am Ireland, and the colonies and Dependencia thereof and Empress of India. Sir My. Park« has communicated with the other colonies The *' Orient " took a large shipment oi oranges for London. Monday. The Balli Belief Fund Central Commit*** have received £16,183, including the thfan remittance of £1000 from Melbourne, whic* was to hand to-day. At the adjourned annual meeting of Hu 4-.M.P. Society, held to-day, the chairman o directors, 3. Bf. Goodlet, after announcing tbi result af tho recent election of d rectors stated that he had handed in his resignation fr the secretary. Be said when Sir john Ha¿ and J. B. Fairfax resigned that he only hell his seat on the hoard to avoid a deadlock, bu now he felt free to act, and considered by ti» light of the circumstances of the last fe« months that hu oonld not remain on the boan and retain his self-respect. Ires, M.L.A another director, also announced his resigns tion on the ground -of a recent proceeding of ¡ 8ection of the members, which led him t believe that fae d|d not enjoy their confidenct The newly-elected directors returned thank for the support they had received, and ei pressed regret at the step taiei by Goodie and Iv**. 3 hanks were accorded the retirin directors. The Chinese imperial Commissioners wet visited this morning by the Mayor who foi m ally welcomed them. The Commissiooei afterwards liad an interview with Hie Premie to whom tee object of their visit was explained Sir Berny Parkes assured them of the readme: of the Government to afford them ever assistance, pay them every courtesy, and mal their visit pleasurable and profitable. Th Commissioner afterwards visited the Go verne who cordially welcomed them. To- morro the visitors will attend an at home at tl Admiralty house, and will also he official] j received by the Major and City Council at Hi Town Hall. MELBOURNE. Sunday. The VA.T C. meeting on Saturday wi largely attended j the fields being nnnwnall large, and the knishes of several evienV wei most exciting. Trial Handicap-Honora 1¿ DoJferín ! Vascosa 3. Nineteen starters. Time Imi 20sec. TTmndirap finxdle Bace-^Wlialebone \ Boyal Huntsman S- ^Uja^^^m^-"^ in a canter by a length and a-half, TS« 3min 37isec, Selling Bscs-Stafford 1, Success % Tl Ghost 3. Four statten; won hy a nee Time luán 21sec. . Handicap Steeplechase-Boyal Oak 1, Bub; 3, promotion 3. Thirteen «tarted ; won hy < length, ; Time, 4min 45sec. Glen Huntley Ändicap^-MeWte J, «Cent 2, BinrjmasterS. SixtrasnTfaebsrss won hy ha^^^th. Time, Sosia 23sec. ' - - Two-ïear-Old Handicap -Dide 8wifelier 13 Albert Loddon 2, Rosewood 3. Hine «tartera ; won by a bare head, anda ¡neck separating the second and third horses. Time, 1 min 15sec. At thc Athletic Sporte meeting, which was held on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday the championship race of fifteen j hnndrrd yarda between George, of England, and Myers, of America, waa won easily by the former. Myers, who was distressed when near ing home, stopped running within a hundred yaids from the finish. 