Wesleyan Anniversary In celebration-of the anniversary of the j Narracoorte WesleyanChurch special ser . tnons were preached bri Sunday by the i Rev. T. C- Newman to good congregations. In the evening his text was Acts 2, 39, " For thepromise is to you-anilnnto your I children, and unto all that are far off, even j as many as oar Lord God shall call." He said these preciouB and soul-comforting j words, form part of the reply that was; given by the Apostle Peter to the excited, j conscience stricken crowd that cried tothej apostolic band, ashing what they should do ' in vjeir of the sudden "conviction that had come upon them, of their own guilt and 1 consequent wretchedness as sinners. It is impossible/to gnage the feelings that pass j in the breasts of. others in relation to tbe j matter of. the personal conviction of sin. We knowour own feelings, but our own feelingaore not theguage for the feelings of others. We know just in what sense sin comes to,us, - bat we cannot tell the light in which it may come to another, and so we cannot comprehend and limit the modes of expression and the outbursts of sentimentj and the agonised cries of the soul when there is a sudden and appalling conviction of personal guilt before God. The world bad never before witnessed such 1 a scene as is recorded in the. text., There had been times of revival and times of j victory over idolatry before, f-bat there had never been an accent of con viction 'so kharp, ,and a sense of sin so poignant as .that 'expressed in the agonised wail of that day. Thenarrative of our Lord's ] ascent, stated that the apostles.-were pro mised that they should. receive. power by which they wowld be able. to wltness for, him before many days., -With the view Of the. realization of that power^they had given themselves op to prayer. When God saw their faith-be sent upon them the gift of tbe-spirit in such a way as.not.only gave them spiritual illumination but also exterual symbols -of it. Then impelled by love for; men. and love of Christ.the - t20 distributed - themselves among -the wandering crowd/ and everyone heard the gospel iu his nwn mother tongue. Woa ' der-is prouuced'in the minds of the people ! until some of the baser shrt begin to rail' at" ihemi and then Reter.-becomes the j oaoixth-pieCa 'of the apostolic "band., The I address be gave charged , the'guilt of the j death ofObrist upon them aadtheirrulers. Conviction entered their minds,and hearts, and in tbe depth of their distress they cried" Men and brethren, what shall we do!" Then it was that the apostle said " Rispent ye, and be baptised everyone; of" you in the name of Jesus Christy for the, remission of sins, and yc shall receive the Holy Ghost." That there might- been- j cuurageuieut the- apostle spoke the words j of the text. r The preacher directed atten tion to the nature and extent of the divine promise. The/promise is " unto you.-' Every man with ao awakened conscience would ask whether it is possible to lead a life pure in'sentiment, poreia thought and I pure and boly in action. More or less the f thought has come to all- :—11 Is it pnssible j to lead a life in which there Bhall be a ' consciousness of moral integrity," and it j may be there has been a,depressing feeling of your own weakness or there may / have/ ' been an ill defined idea of yourowto need. ; With ussHthereis spme »idemof a better j kindsbflifethat tfaat lived bymost men ; when the truth' daVns upon the-; intellect and upoii die soul there couies a feeling of. insecurity, and when we ask " Are there qny means by which X can come to a life in which there shall he a sense of security and blessedness," then the words come with sweetness "The promise is Unto , yon." Tbe sinners needing this pardon are found in God's house. The general ass&nt; to the statement that atl men have , smned often carries with it a want of con-1 viction, owiug tu a inoral obtusenesa that; is paiuful before God and men. ' The general tendency of life is ;'to look , upoii * sin with lightness and flippan cy and there is a. general tendency • to.discountalhe declaration;of the pulpit ] with relation to sin. . Why is this ? It is j because men raise a false standard of their (own invention.; Thc-y .comparethemsel 1 ves with themselves and by their fellow-7 men. How often is it the case that men 1 excuse theihselves upon the ground that j j they are not as bad as the man down the street, or- that they are not guilty of the tricks of business that the man over the way is. They are like the Pharisee who ■ was self-complacent because he found he ' was not as other men were, while the wretched Publican cried " God be merci ful .to me, A sinner" because be compared ! j his shortcomings with GodjS j^rfections. I 1 Hot the standard of men br a-standard of j our own is to be1 taken,: but the standard i : that God has laid down in bib sacred word.*■ so vletred, that which «je bad thought j to be but a frailty becomes a huge sin in the .sight of God. Sin is not to be guaged by the grossaess of the crimes that may i have been "done but by the obstinacy of | the soul and the shotting out of the light j of heaven from your minds. How are' you going to'get rid -of your siu l;—theJ sins in your actions, words and thoughts j that have never been given utterance to ? ; i Can you purify your own nature ? Can you change your own -character ? ■ Can pyou absolve your own guilt 1 Men have ! ! tried to do it j/they have tried the seclu Uoh; ' the . cloister, and self-mortifying ordinances, bat all have been futile. . If j the deliverance comes it must come from above, and thank God the promise is for 1 you or, as it might be expressed, the pro-; i vision is for you. And so what anywhere ! else iB an impossibility becomes a glorious I possibility at the foot of the cross. It is not the purpose of God simply to absolve tbe past, to take tbe sins from tbe sin stained soul and leave it in- the same state as before to lapse again into tbe same j iniquity. No, the provision of God is firstto deliver and then to sanctify. The I provision embraces a perpetual: indwelling i of the spirit to irradiate the mind and to ] give us a clear perception of the relation j ships we have to sustain in the world. The great purpose of God is the develop ment of a God-like character in us. The ] promise was not made generally, but in dividually to each. Bo oae can look God in- the face and say his salvation is an impossibility; no one can excuse himself ] for continuing in sin. If any should miss j the mark at last and^go down to the regions of despair it will be not because God willed it but because they would not j receive the promise. " The promise is to you and your children." Thank God the ; world has outgrown the idea of a limited atonement—the election of some, and the rejection of others. There is too much common sense in the world to-day to believe that. The life of the Rov. -Thomas Oollings contained an incident where that minister had been taking the word to a good woman who had been trained up in the strictest Calvinism. ■ She bad come to take a great interest in spiritual things, but one day at her bouse Mr. Collings prayed that she and all her children might reap the beuefits of religion and participa tors in everlasting life. " What, all ?" the woman exclaimed, utterly unable to re concile this prayer with the doctrine >>£ election, and when the minister said " Yes, all" she was staggered, and ever afterwards regarded him as an impostor. I The -still widening circle of the range of the promise could be observed in the words " And to all that are afar off," which, to a Jewish audience, would-mean, the Gentiles, but viewed in the other way it applied, for those who had sinned the most deeply were not too fat off to re ceivethe promise. And then as if it were to crown the whole, " 3to. as Jnany as our lord shall call." This was really the voice of the whole Bible, which, In- effect^ said " Gome all the world; take of .the water of life freely,"., The.npblest and.the most degraded may come, for the promise of God is to all. He calls you j will jou; re ceive his promise, of pardon 1 ThCn there will be a removal of all sips and despair, you shall know the.sweetnfek of the and you shall knpw^e .sweefcnesk of the S pirits blessing in your souls, arid there. shall.be in your sotus a consciousness of, freedom from sin. Remember the love he bore yon in his sufferings and death on the cross; contemplate his intercessions at the right hand of the Father ; come then to him who waits to be gracious and . the promise shall be fufilled in all its glorious ness in your ease. , 