Religious Queensland Baptist Association. The business meetings of the above association commenced in the Wharf-street Baptist occupied a portion of the morning, followed by the reading of s paper on tho work of (he asso ciation. In the afternoon the report of the Exeoutive Committe was read and adopted, as was also the Foreign Mission. In the evening there was a large attendance, when the Presi dent (the Rev. W. Whale) delivered his inau gural address. The rev. gentleman, who had selected for his subject—" Queensland Baptists, theirPrinoiples, Position, and Purposes," said: — Dear Brethren,—l greet you this eveniug as fellow-labourers in the service of Jesus Christ, and as ministers aud messengers of tho churches. You have done me the honour in electing me to the presidency of your association, and I am glad to servo you in the freedom of the Spirit of our Lord. To-night we begin the second decade of the history of this association, and our secretary's report will inform you of the progress which hat been made, but tho work is so great that any achievements of the past must only bo as stimulus and stepping-stones to future effort. The respon sibility of the position of president increases year by year because the demands of the colony are increasing, and tho work of tho denomination must extend. I have had but two years among you, and that time has been spent in incessant toil, but it has enabled me to study tho general religious conditions of the colony and the work of the churches. You have laid upon me the Sleasant task of representing your associa on at the Jubilee meetings in New South Wales and also at South Australia, aud I have thus been brought into contact with the brethren of all the colonies, and have been enabled to form some idea of the work being done and of the men who are leading the Lord's people under the Baptist banner. I may bo permitted the privi lege, from the chair of this association, of thank ing friends in both the colonies named for such kindness as made tho somewhat numerous duties a positive delight, and have laid me under a debt of gratitude which I shall not easily repay. I would also cherish the hope that tho benefits, actual and possible, to the common cause in whose interests we were assembled will mor* than justify the expense and trouble of the ser vice. This reference to the South brings before my mind the fact that reflex influences are already being felt, for we have with us in our gatherings this year the Rev. C. Bright, pastor of the mother-church of the colonies, and presi* MASON. The rev. gentleman resumed his seat amid prolonged applause. dent of the New South Wales Baptist Union. (We all welcome you, dear brother. Both for your personal worth and As represent ing to us the fraternal spirit of the churches of the union over which you preside.) It is just possible that we are feeling our way to some sort of federation throughout the colonies, and business to that end will be submitted to the session of this association. I have thought you might bear with me for a while this evening, in setting beforo you the principles, the position, and the purposes of the Queensland Baptists. As to our principles, we hold much in common with all Protestant evangelical denominations. The faith of Christ, the faith onto delivered to die saints, is that for which we iucessantly con tend. We believe in the love of God, chiefly expressed in the gift of Jesus Christ for our salvation. We believe in Jesus as the Christ of God, the revelation of God to man; the effulgence of His glory, and the very image of His subs once. We believe in the work of Christ for our salvation as inclusive of His threafold offices of prophet, priest, and king. We beli»<fti in the HojV Ghost, the Wttudrttu* personality of God working in us to will and to do of His good pleasure. With evar Varying modes of expression and with manifold adaptations of ministry and power, we still hold to the theological positions roughly formulated as " ruin by sin, redemption by Jesus Christ, and regeneration by the Holy Spirit." Individuals in the OxeroUe of freedom of thought may deal with these working princi ples in ways which othftr individuals may not approve; but we all hold them as in some souse fundamental to a Christian faith, aud the tetch ing and preaching of them as the very essence of a Gospel ministry. These positions we hold in common with all Christians of every name. They are the soul which gives voice and form and power to all our preaohiug. These truths God has used to revive his people and to extend his cause, and we believe them to be the " power of God unto salvation* to-day, aud to all churchos holding tho substance of the faith we bid a hearty God-speed. _ But every body has its distinguishing pecu liarity, the property or priuciple which differen tiates from others, and that should not be a small matter, which in these days would justify separate organisation and separate action, borne of us have considered and deplored what scorns to be the great waste of power caused by the existence of so many separate organisations, and have Won dered if the number oould not be greatly reduced without any limit to freedom of thought or to prudent action. A better distribution of present forces would go far towards supplying Gospel ministry and religious ordinances to the whole population scattered over this large colony ; but We have begun on Old World hues, and some would consider any radical change in methods and organisations as a reflection on the wisdom of the fathers and founders of their societies and a be trayal of sacred trusts. The day does not yet dawn on which we shall cease to maiutain the historic quibbles and quarrels of the old-time de» nominationaliams. This statement is made not with a view to criticism of others or controversy among ourselves, but simply as a recognition of the facts and circumstances among which we shall have to seek some ground of evangelistic work. Our differences are not the chief matters to be dealt with, but we have some views of truth which are not emphasised unless we add our separate testimony as a religious community. Matters of ecclesiastical law aud methods of government are, to us, of quite minor importance. Holding that each separate Church is free to interpret for itself the law of liberty, we should not care to base our separate existence on a con tention about forms of Church government. As an association we have no conflict with Episcopabanism, Presbyterianism, or Con* nexionalism; they may all be made part of, or auxiliary to. or co-existent with Congrega tionalism. Each has its excellencies and deteote| and each has its advantages and disadvantages. We are called Baptists, but it would be about as appropriate, in view of our special dist native peculiarity, to call us Primitive Methodists, or Bible Christians, or Christian Disciples; never theless, we accept the word Baptist as a sort of label by which we may be set iuourproper place among the people who all own tho Christ as their Savour. The word " Baptist" has this advantage, that it is the only distinctive word in the New Testament applied to a man by reason of a special religious act, and the manner of its performance. But for the name we do not care to contend, the more important position with our churches is, that none should be baptised but tho?«) who re pent and believe the Gospel; and that that only Is properly baptism, which sets forth, on the part of the baptised one, a beiug buried with Christ and a resurrection to newness of life. The prin ciple is an important one, and the position one that we deem scripturally impregnable, and the practice of it is Bade imperative upon us by our views of the example, the teaching, and the authoritative nilership of Christ. Baptism is for those only to whom repentance ana faith are possibilities and experiences to be thereby declared and professed. Full aud fa-'tbiul testimony to this truth excludes us more or less from all exist ing denominations, and without reviewing the history just now, we may roughly state that our views on this subject affect to some extent our testimony on other Bubjects, and so we are found thrown into association as " Baptists," and work ing on lines which suit our general opinions and practices. I have said we are thrown into association as Baptists, but whilst that may be tho one feature we nave in common among ourselves above and beyond those which make us one with evan gelical Christendom generally, there must be reasons for association of a practical as well as of a sentimental sort. Wo are not associated because we are Baptists, else all Baptists would be in association with us, but we are associated as Baptists who feel that there are purposes to serve and work to be done which may be best realised and achieved by working in association. The more distinctly we understand that our association is for practical purposes the better. We place no limit on each other's freedom of thought, we impose no creeds, we do not interfere in matters of personal opinion; but we have joined hands for work—aggressive, cvaugolistic, missionary work. Brothers, let us face this fact, and try to understand what is involved in our meetings at this annual assembly of ministers and delegates. We have conferences, and bus - ness meetings, and sermons, and speeches, but we do not answer the purpose of our existence unless we do work and cause work to be done which, but for our being associated might not be done so efficiently, and possibly might not be done at all. Will Carltou said, "Some men were born for great things, and some men were born for sm«D, and some—well, it is uot re corded why they were born at all." One might hope to be f jrwven if be sometimes thought thun of some church memb^'s, or of some churches, or even of some associations: l>ut I do hope, brethren, that we arc reaching out towards n clearer recognition of the fact that wo are here to talk with a view to work. We are told an amusing story of a tramp whose constant cry was for work. It is said that he fell asleep on one occasion, but woke up suddenly, with a cold sweat Branding in great beads upon his forehead. " Whatever is the matter with you?" asked his companion. " I have had a frightful dream," he replied, " I dreamt I was at work." There has been a long loud cry for work, and I trust that we may be guided of God to that whioh is right and wise, and that no sense of horror will come upon us, but rather a feeling of great delight when We can get fully to work. Nor should we be content to busy ourselves about small things. There is no need to despise the day of small things, but there is danger lest people who should take large and liberal views of the work of God may seek to shield themselves from responsibility, and toil) and expense by doing Bmall things in religion whilst they are attempting great things in other departments of life. As an association we might accomplish all we aim at, but then our aim would be possibly altogether low and unworthy of our professions of faith and love. The late Archbishop Whateley, describing commonplace preachers, said: "In their sermons they aim at nothing, and hit it." Be not ye therefore like unto them, but rather seek for that faith which plucks up trees and casts mountains into the sea, for be ye well assured that according to your faith so shall it be unto you. Since " all things are possible to him that believeth," let us all join in the much needed prayer, " Lord, increase our faith." Look out on our field of service, not to speak at present of the work begun in India, but only re garding that which may be called Home Mission Work,let me draw your attention to our large and important sphere. We have in Queensland a country Whose length is 1240 miles, and whose breadth reaches to 940 miles. We nave a coast line of 2550 miles, and an area of land of 678,500 square miles, or nearly 435,000,000 of acres. A comparative statement is best for my purpose and hence I would just say that we have here a terri tory twelve times the size of England and Wales. On this large area we have only some 320,000 people, ana hence the difficulty of sustaining churches in far off and very sparsely populated districts. Of this small population our agencies do not reach even nominally more than about 100,000, and these are in the neighbourhoods of Brisbane, Ipswich, Toowoomba. Maryborough, and Eockhamptou. Whilst gratefully recognising the gradual growth of the number of churches and membership in our association, we must surely deplore that so little is done to bear our part iv the great work of evangelising Queensland. There are several largo towns where we ought to have been working long since, but for the fact that friends who should have borne their testi mony bravely havo sought shelter from the arduous and troublesome task of initiating a Baptist movement, by falling iuto rank where they nave found easier service, and also that our association has been so ill-supplied with money and men that it has been unable to face the duty of thrusting out agencies where there have been both room and need for them. How long will it be ere our brethren have tho courage of their Convictions nud will have their light on a caudle stick instead of under a bushel, and how long will it be ere we can offer aid to those who will undertake the noble pioneer work by which the spiritual history of this colony shall be made brighter and more blessed. I do not think it prudent to advocate the special claims of any one place over another, but there are at least six centres which ought at once to be occupied, and if our brethren in business will find us the finan cial help, we will seek out the human agents for this important work. For every month that passes without these positions being entered upon, those who have means uneonaeorated to God's service must take responsibility, and every month increases the necessity and the difficulty of the work. Are there none among us who can rise to the occasion and claim the glorious privilege of being " workers together with God" in this matter? Are there not men of keen business abilities who will lav their business on the altar as an offering to Goa, and a benediction to man ? Are there no well-educated, true-hearted, earnest, whole souled, gifted brethren who would " scorn de lights, and live laborious days," so as to write their name into the history of God's work in Queensland? Is it not shameful that professed followers of Jesus will store away their wealth, and leave the work of God to languish, and souls to perish ? How will it look at the day of judg ment when the fact is revealed that some who profess to have been redeemed by the precious blood of Jesus, and to have given Hun their hearts, have spent more on a party or ball for one even ing thun they have given for the salvation of souls in a year ? Is it true that more has been spent on a useless and injurious luxury than would maintain a preacher of the word, and then that the excuse of poverty has been offered as a reason for not helping to send forth the ever lasting Gospel ? I judge no man, but let us each judge himself, and see how honest self-examina tion will put this matter before us. Life is far too short to seep on in nn aimless and languid asso ciationalism, and £1000 cousscrated to God's work now would be of value beyond calculation, and far reaching in influence over generat'ons of future colonist*. Before leaving this part of my subject, let me just say that we are very thankful for words of sympathy and for promises of prayer. '1 hese nave their place, but what we want just now is from £-500 to £1000 a year for a few years, so that wo may send forth heralds of the glad tidings to perishing men, into all parts of this large field in which our lot is cast. It is beyond measure to be regretted that Baptists in England have been almost alone in not having sent monetary help to these mission fields, and we hold that they must share the responsibility of our back ward condition, whilst other Christian workers have gone forth into the harvest bus taiued by the generous aid of Euglish sympa thisers. Whether it is too late for our friends at home to redeem the time by aiding us to go for ward into more places or with better equipment I cannot say, but those who have capital invested in and are drawing wealth from Queensland, whether in England, Victoria, or any other place, ought to ask some serious questions as to what is being done for the souls of tho people. This also is true for those in Queensland who are gaiuiug wealth and not doing religious duty. We do not ask funds for fancies of our own, nor for display in buildings or services, but we want to send the bread of life to people who are perishing with hunger. Let those who want fancies pay for them. Perhaps you will bear with me a few moments whilst the forces now in the field march past for review, and so th t we may see what is available for such important service in so large a field. We hnvc now iv the as-ociati m sixteen churches, and twenty-one minion stations, and 1680 members. The nuVieu stations for the most part represent work done by the churches with which they are connected, and not at all power for doing the extension work at a distance to which I have already referred. Two or three of the churches may be supposed to have some ability to help in work beyond their own immediate circle of efforts. Several of the churches which put forth effort for the work of the association are nobly struggling to maintain the ordinances of religion and the m niatry of the word among themselves without coming on Association funds. Of the churches outside the Brisbane district all are doing good work, not only in their respective congregations, but over many miles of country— this is especially tfue of Todwoomba andlpswfch. These two places have received very little financial aid during the year, and have done nobly, but they with Bockhampton and Maryborough have required a little assistance. All, except Maryborough, will probably now be able to care for themselves, and will require aid only for real mission work, perhaps not even for this, so earnest are our brethren to do what they can. With Maryborough as our only dependency we may hope to look at new fields, but we have already said that there are only two or three churches but what require all they can raise. Unless some exceptional generosity be shown, we do not see that our funds are equal to to vast an enterprise. But there are people in tome of those centres who want to have the ministry of the word and they would do something, and there are men among us who, when they see and under stand the need and duty of the hour, will not be found wanting, but will feel that they have a vocation to get money and give for thatwh;ch concerns the glory of Christ and the good of mankind. I make my appeal to you from the chair of this association. Brethren, ministers, and delegates, officers of and workers in the churches, let us lay ourselves afresh upon the altar, that we may not live unto ourselves but unto Him who died for us. And let us pray the Lord of the harvest to thrust out three, four, five, or six men, fitted for and consecrated to His service in suoh places as may be open to them in Queensland. Let us also pray to Him, whose is the silver and the gold, and who giveth the power to men to get wealth, that He may graciously move the hearts of His stewards, so that they shall count it a privilege and shall avail themselves of a present opportu nity to offer gifts at the shrine of the holy child Jesus. Do we not need also to pray for unity of spirit and liveliness of sympathy iv this work, among all the members of the churches and won the committee of the association. _ Then let us express the faith we have in the promises of God, aud the pity we feel for our less favoured fellow men, and the love we profess towards our blessed Redeemer, by going in to possess the land for the honour of King Jesus and the credit of the Bap tist Association. " We cannot all be heroes, And thrill a hemisphere With some great daring venture— Borne deed that mocks at fear; Bnt we can fill a lifetime With kindly acts and true; There's always noble service For noble souls to do. We cannot all be preachers, And sway with voice or pen, As strong winds sway the forest, The minds and hearts of men; But we can be evangels To souls within our teach; There's always love's own Gospel For loving hearts to preach. We cannot all be martyrs, :. And win a deathless name By some divine baptism, Borne ministry of flame: But we can live for Truth's sake, Can do for her and dare; There's always faithful witness For faithful fives to bear." 