A PROPERTY TAX. TO IHE EDITOE. Sir — In your issue of October 29 a letter ap peared from 'A Farmer,' who 13 no doubt a piotectioniBt. As this matter ib so far settled for the pxesent I shall not say much one way or the other, but still I believe in the fair-trade policy, with all due deference to 'A Farmer's' opinions. But as be appears to have trodden on the coat- tails of the land nationalists in sup port of hiB arguments on behalf of protection, it is not to be wondered at that one of George's disciples should reply. Now, Idonot think 'A Farmer,' myself, or any one of the present generation will see the creed become universal In this colony, or anywhere eke; so there is so occasion to become afraid of that ghost in order to make people believe in pro tection: Then, again, ' A Farmer' says it is only capitalists who are freetraders in the House of Assembly. I tbink on reflection ' A Farmer' will see his mistake. As a matter of fact the greatest landed capitalists in both Houses have voted for the protective tarifi, knowing that by so doing they would stave off what most assuredly will come, and that is an all-round property tax. By this means capi talists will pay their fair share of the burden of taxation, whether it be on landed property or capital invested in any other way. Let ' A lancer' think of 10 to 17 per cent, for money (vide the banking returns). Has ' A Farmer's' farm returned that rate for someyeare past ? If it has he ib a lucky farmer. Handreda of us would like to have been in the same boat with him. Now where do those unreasonable re turns come from? Why, from the toilers, no matter whether they are farmers, merchants, BtorekeeperBj or any other trade or occupation ; it is all the same, the working public pays. la it any wonder that the country is staggerintr under such a load of depression while snch ?un- reasonable interest is charged for money ? No; we are ruled at present by capitalists, and protection will not shift those millstones off our necks; only make it not a little bit heavier. I would like 'A Farmer' to assist us in get ting a scheme of taxation that will bear on those that can afford it, and help pay for the protection their property receives from the State.— I am, &c;, . T. G. BENNKTT. Minlatoo, November 7, 1887. [We are entirely at one with our correspon dent as to the deeirabitnesB of a property tax. — Ed.J 