THE CRADOCK GHOST. TO THE EDITOR. hir-l would not nave troubled you with this letter but that I must place myself fairly before the public after tne statements of Mr. iSohnltze and Mr. Healy. Mr. Schultze's letter eoaroely merits reply until he comes to the statement referring to the ammonia. He eaid I should and Mr. Evans would probably cover oar heads if teased with a bottle, &c.; Of oonree we should if we were awake. As to continuing the investiga tion, 1 distinctly stated my belief, bat said if they were anxious I would continue, aa of course I might see something to alter my opinion, though I might see something -else to confirm it. 1 here append the fol lowing :-" Mr. Schultze stated in our presence that, he would allow W. A. Jones to continue the investigations, and would be willing to admit on fair evidence -that the child was producing the knocks -«r was awake making them. Signed by W. A. Jones, Kirkham Evans. June 2 " He states ?in his letter that he would not do as I requested re letting the ohild sleep away from home; but he does not state that X offered to steep in the house of the child, and filing her in a hammock for any reasonable . number of nights. Ha doeB not state that I offered him a bed as well as tbe child a ham mock at my residence as long as he doubted. 1 distinctly stated, as I do now, that the child can do this, and we will continue to let . her sleep here until the ghost is fairly pickled \- with the vinegar of my scepticism. I can safely leave Mr. Evans to answer for . himself anything referring to him alone from either of your correspondents. As to myself, my first visit to the ohild was in response to an invitation from Mr. Bodighiero. The . ohild had been here nearly a week before 1 visited it, and when I went on June 1 I 'found Mr. Healy in attendance. Our reason ? for wishing the room empty was that we should have (1) perfect silence, (2) nobody outside the family to charge with collusion. We were anxious to have the father present. \- Oar reasons for this we keep to ourselves. We were also anxious to have the Rev. Mr. Hancock in, and we admitted him. As to the knees, Mr. Evans must answer for himself; 'but as to putting the child's foot in the box, I did it, and told Mr. Schultze to hold her foot, which he did, and I then made tbe box rap out tar louder than the knocks of the evening by clicking the kneecap. In this way the sounds were not similar to thoBO we had heard but superior to the "ghoBt" raps. The experiences of one evening would soarcely be sufficient to judge the ohild by, hence my continuous investiga . tioDB. They are done now though, unless Mr. Schultze has anything else he wishes me to see or unless he takes my advice, I have seen the " fits," and am ready to prescribe for them, but the medicine I offer is too nauseous to be acceptable. Mr. Schultze and so do I, but my inference is different. According to Mr. Sohultze the knockers won't rap if you go too near the child, or if yon get on the bed with her, &o.; But they will rap when he is in bed with her. They < Tapped when Sissy's brother was in bed with her. They rapped when her brother was with her down at a hut olose by. They rapped when I was olose to the ohild in the dark within 3 inches of her without her knowing it, but they stopped the inBt&nt; I \- clipped my hand down under the clothes to the locality of the sound, whioh appeared to me to come from the chest wallB, aud where 1 found the child's two hands dosed. A light was struck, and I was told I was too ~ close; but I was no oloser than the boy had been whom I found in bed with her when I entered the room, and who was removed at my request. They rapped the night when we were closer to the child than Mr. Evans and myself, but we were all on one side of her, and she was on a narrow irattress on a boarded floor, and a little of the rug was overlying the floor, so that the ohild could rap without her hand being seen. They Btopped suddenly on that same night when I suddenly and silently reached down and placed my hand in a sliding manner over where I conoluded the child's hand to be, and the "knooker" dis tinctly pulled its " hand" from under mine, and it slid past my hand into the bed. However, I kept the " bridle on." It would not rap again when I put a white . pillow on the floor that side of the bed and tucked the clothes so under . the mattress that the child could not touch the floor on that side of the bed without reaching her hand out of the bed and over ? the white pillow. The raps did not come when the child slept with the servant of the house one night. The raps would not come on the night I placed the child in a hammock and told her I could recog nise every rap she could possibly make then, and explained to her how I could localize the sounds if she made them. The father, by-the-way, on that occasion said lie did not expect it would come on the hammock, but at one of the supports or on the wall of the building. This was a gal vanized-iron wall, so I rendered it impossible for any one to approach that wall from the outside without my having warning. The raps would not oome when Mr. Evans and I were on either side of the ohild, viut at least SO inohes away from ber. The rapB did come when we were about 30 inches from her, and both on one side. They cams when 1 was within 2 feet of the ohild, on that came night, and Mr. Schultze said, "Ask it to knock under your feet." I did ask it to come, but it wouldn't. But it did knock for a second under my hand when I stretched it across the child to where I thought she was tapping with her hand, aud then it Btopped. They came when the gentlemen from Peters burg were present, and were very near her, and were listening to the " whispering. They came one night under the child's feet, according to Mr. Bodeghiere, but they stopped when he took hold of her feet. Baps didn't come when I placed phosphorus on the child's hands and tuoked them outside the bed, and kept abcut 4 feet away from her, but X heard a few knooks by my side in the vicinity of somebody's foot, and suddenly swinging down my arm, caught hold of a leg. I am prepared to swear to the owner of that ieg. On another night the raps did not come after I put phosphorus on the child's hands and again tucked them outside the bed, at least not while I was present. And now. Sir, in conneotion with that powerful bottle of smelling salts. One night it was a Inciter match. Another night it was the bottle first and then a stronger bottle, viz., my pocketknife. The next night it was nothing at all but my fiBt. Another night it was a bottle of Borne essence or scent handed to me by Mr. Bodeghiere from the shelf of his shop. Several times it was my finger . nail. On one terrible occasion it was my thumb and forefinger. At another turn it was my thermometer bulb. At one time it was actually the shadow of the thermometer which was not within 9 inches of her. You must understand that on many of these occasions care was taken to do enough to make a cute child RUeBa that I in fer ded putting the falls to her nose. The mere mention of this operation with the fictitious bottle would cauee that child of un natural sleep to steal her hand over her nose, to strongly resist the removal of her hand ([ suppose I shall be told that was a muscular fit. It fits in well my evidence), to duck her head ronnd and bury her face in the pillow, to cover her face with her arms, to actually pall up the bedclothes over her face. The mere aot of sliding one's hand along the pillow with any of the bottles mentioned above was quite enough to make the child frown and flinch, and as the hand approached to well cover up her nose it actually caused her to open her left eye one night. I oan explain why her left eye, butit will take too long forthis letter. On one night 1 sprinkled lampblack on the floor, and the ehost actually blabkened the child's knuckles. I am prepared to swear to this. I am, Sir, &c.;, W. A. JONES. Blackrock. 