MEETING NIGHT. The German professor, when he bad fin ished our lesson, and was waiting for the thunder shower to pass — for, though he had brought his big blue umbrella, he did not care to face the flashes of lightning— suddenly turned to us, and said : ' It was exactly such an evening a3 this I saw Leopold — ' We looked up at him and waited. We knew he was about to tell us a story ; he al ways began ill this way, without preface. 'In my native village,' he said, 'people believe that whoever will go alone to the cathedral 011 a certain midnight in summer, which we call ' Meetiu? Night,' and with his own blood, and a quill from a bird's wing, write the name of a dead friend iu the form of a cross at the foot of the altar, may see that friend and speak to him. People be lieve this, but very few ever try the spell. When it comes to the point, ghosts scarcely prove satisfactory; and writing in one's own blood is rather a solemn proceeding.especially in an empty church at midnight. ' One mail who bad lest his sweetheart did it. They said he saw her, bnt he bled to death from the wound he gave himself to get the blood, having accidentally severed an artery. '? When I left the town, the custom was spoken of as amonpst the things of the past. 1 left in haste. I had had a quarrel with my cousin Leopold. The quarrel was about a lady I loved. Fritz Wagner told me some thing that made me furious and I challenged Leopold on the spot. We met in the great open clearing in the heart o£ the pine woods often used before for the same purpose. It was dawn — the pink dawn of summer. I can see him now, stand ing, handsome and tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, his sword in his hand. He looked at me reproachfully, but not angrily. I ? f.. Tl,„ .1-11! T .1T,1 my best to wound him. He merely defended himself. Then he lay on the ground at my feet, and my second hurried me away, put on ray coat, 'and dragged me to where a car riage awaited me. ' ' Go I' he said. ' The quicker the betterl You have killed your cousin Leopold. This place will not be safe for you. ' The coachman drove furiously. As for me, I was in a sort of dream. ' Had I killed Leopold whom I loved so I' I asked myself. Then I replied : 'He deserved it. He de served it. I did well.' ' The next day I left Germany. I camo to Australia. 1 established myself here. One day, ill the midst of the great throng in Col lin's Street, I met Fritz Waeucr. He looked like a ghost — gray, hollow-checked — scarcely more than a skeleton. ' ' You see it,' he said, as I glanced at him; 'I am dying. Tbi3 is my address. Do not come until I send for you; bat when I do, comc at once. Swear it.' ' ' My friend,' I said, 1 let me come before (hat. i.et me help you i[ 1 ran.' ' ' No,' he said, ' 110 ; ' and turned away, ' i'inee ui'jntlis afterwards a messenger came to me at midnight, and said : ' ' Fritz Wagner lias sent for you'.' '1 found him dyiue, but he had strength to speak. ' 0 ? ' * Frederick,' he said, 1 1 have a confession to make. I lied about Tlicrese. -I was in love with her. When I said I saw her kiss Leopold and all tho rest, it was true enough ; but the Leopold was her sister's little baby, named after your cousin. You understood that I meant the man. I took my oath to tho truth of my statements For that, I am suffering, tbe torments of the'Iost.' ' With these terrible words on .his lii,=, he died. ' '? And now remorse seized me.- I suffered agonies when I remembered my true love, Thercsc, and my dear cousin, Leopold. I could not rest. I knew nothing of the fate of my friends in Germany, but I resolved at last to return and see Thereso, who, if sho lived, was forty years old, and beg her for giveness, and to give myself np to the authorl-'' ties as my cousin's murderer. This, I fancied, would be an expiation. 'I bade adieu, as I believed, to Australia forever, and sailed in the next steamer for my native home. I travelled many miles over land to reach the village after leaving the ocean. At last 1 reached it late on the night of a stormy summer day. I walked from the station to tho hotel, and on my way the lightning flashed through the heavens. I passed a tree riven from top to root bvn recent stroke, and saw at inv feet a little deal bird, killed when the great pine was smitten. ' I stopped and laid it aside on the moss. As I did so feather fell from its broken wing, and on tho instanfit occurred to me that this very night was the mystic Meeting ^iglit, and that it was with the quill of n bird (hat one wrote the name of the spirit one wished to meet at the altar's foot. I had little faith in the superstition ; but I wa3 in a strange mood, and beyond sbons tbe win dows o£ the cathedral, open day or night to any worshipper. 'I seized the litlle quill. I turned my steps toward thesacred.edifice. It wasemntv. I entered. The lights burn palely, few and far bptween. I passed up the 'aisle, and kneeling, took n, knife from my pocket and ?,a' i?i'''n3er slightly ; then, having pointed the little quill, I dipped it in my blood and wrote the name of Leopold. The thunder rolled overhead as I did so. The colors of the Jpainted windows grew brilliant ns the lightning flashed, and then again were dim and dusky. Suddenly I heard a voice breathe ' fV n,riI°e — 1 Frederick 1' It came from abore. i looked np: In the gallery stood a fignre all in black, save for a white band upon its fore- ' head. It had the face of Thercsc, but paler, ' thinner. Its white hands were hers, ItP stretched them out towards me, a3 in ^reet- 1 ing. It waved them in farewell. Ifc wo3 - gone. - i ;i A spirit had appeared to me- Therese'a ' spirit. Then she, too, was dead. Still on my knees, powerless to move, I awaited the ' mysteries of this strange night. Again I was accorded a vision. Leopold stood there — a sad, gray Leopold— but I knew him. I uttered his name. He answered : j ' 1 la it Frederick - t; ' Ghost of my friend,' I reolied, J I have returned to make expiation. Fritz Waener lied to me, and so I Jeft my love, and mur dered you. I have discovered the truth. I - return to give myself to justice. Yon shall! * be avenged, dear spirit. Pray for me in ncaven, and forgive me,! j The spirit advanced. It smiled. It seized mo by the hands with a warm, livin^ clasp. ? ° i ' ''I will forgive .vou,' he said. ' Gcd knows I have forgiven ; butas yet I onlv hope for ? heaven. I am no ghost, Frederick. .Vou did not kill me. I recovered in a little-while. A ? jealous man is mad man. I know that. I never ceased to love you.' .. 'He opened hisarms. I fell into them. Wo embraced. ?* 1 But Theresc ' ' I said. 1 Surely, it wa3 her spirit tbat I saw.' '?I saw it also,' be answered. ' Tecrcsc is dead to the world. She is a nun in the con vent close at band. After you had been gone live years, I asked her to marry me ; but she could love but once. When her mother died she took the veil. Oiufhis an niversary the nuns come to the cathedral to keep vigil. This is the night I also comc. And Tiierese looks down on me and smiles. This she esteems a sin, and expiates with penance; but I live on it the year through. '' To-night she saw culy you. She forgot me. i Ah, fcredcrick, what folly yon committed in leaving her !' * ? ?' I bowed my head in contrition, and just at that moment there arose from the dark gallery the soft, _ sweet sound of women's voices, singing without any accompaniment. ' Together, standing hand in hand, we listened. Then, arm in 'arm, we left the cathedral. ' j '' I returned to Australia soon afterward. Leopold remained behind. Every year he goes to the cathedral at twelve on' Meeting Night— every year until the last he wrote: ' '? ' I have seen her. With her eyes she sent an angel's love to you.' *' But last year this is what he wrote: ''She is dead. I believe that shs will be yours in heaven; not mine. But I shall love her through eternity.' 