NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Newcastle u agitating for the establishment there of an Assizes, Quarter Sessions, and Supreme Court. A movement is on foot in Newcastle for establishing a cottage home for incurables as a Jubilee memento. The officers of the defence force intend to give a jubilee dinner in the Sydney Town-hall on Saturday, June 18. Mr. Wise anticipates that in the near future a just basis will have been settled for a wellconsidered property-tax. The returns of 1886 show that 1753 people were publicly vaccinated daring the year, the lowest number since 1883. At a meeting of the A.J.C. it was decided that no person be allowed on the conrse proper at Randwick on race days. Hanlan's defeat by Qaudaur is attributed by his friends to the tough state of the water. He still intends meeting Beach. For premises used by Government in carry- ing on Ministerial work the rental in Sydney alone amounts to £2030 per annum. Nr. John Moran, an old resident of the Wollongong district, was drowned while crossing the Marshall Mount Creek. The Australian Gaslight Company, Sydney, have just successfully floated a £300,000 loan at £5 per cent, in the London market. At the Supreme Court, Brisbane, GeoTge Brown was sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment for " feloniously killing" his wife. During the first quarter of the present year 178,584 rabbits were killed, at a cost of £2796 by the various rabbit boards of this colony, The New Zealand murderer Prendergast became insane after receiving sentence, and was sent to an asylum, where he recovered his reason. A miner named Freestone died at Wollongong on Friday from the effects of being crushed in the Mount Kembla mine by a fall of coal. On Monday, Ellen Thompson and John Harrison are to be hanged in Brisbane for the murder of the husband of the former at Port DoLglas. A " South Coast District Union," with headquarters at Bega, has been formed to promote the dairying interests and general prosperity of those partB. The members of the Bull! Commission left for Wollongong on Monday to continue the inquiry. On their return, they will prepare their report. The chief officer of the ketch Index (Mr Bastian) committed suicide by jumping overboard during the voyage of the vessel to Lotd Howe's Island. It is reported that Mr. P. K. Seairlle attempted to drown himself in the Darling at Wilcannia. He was once a prominent hotel proprietor there. " Wheat tonic" has been sold in Brisbane as a non-intoxicant, and has been discovered by the Government analyst to contain 11 per cent, of proof spirit. It is understood that Dr. Rowling, the visiting medical officer ot the Charity Asylums, has been called npon to show cause why he should not be dismissed. In the Assembly last week Mr. Bums stated that the revenue for last month showed an increase as compared with the corresponding month of last year of £59,000. A comparison of the Jubilee feeling displayed in Melbourne and Sydney, shows the loyalty of New South Wales to be at a much lower ebb than that of Victoria. The Minister of Mines Bays that steps are being taken to prevent the sale of diseased cattle in the public markets. A bill has been prepared dealing with the matter. Mr. F. Y. Wolseley, the inventor of the patent sheep-shearer, was banqaetted at Aaron's Exchange Hotel, Sydney, last Friday night by a number of pastoralists. The Darling is likely to continue too low for navigation at Bourke for some time yet, as no increase in the supply of water in the tributaries above that place is reported. Jacob Stevenson, an American negro, who was sentenced to death at Townsville for a capital offence, has been granted a free pardon by the Queensland Executive Council. The Minister ot Public Instruction last week stated in the Assembly that public schools teachers were not allowed to augment their salaries by the sale of school books. A fettler named Michael Purcell was completely cut to pieces near Guyra, north of Armidale, by the mail train, he having, while drunk, it is supposed, laid down on the line. Sir H«nry Parkes last week stated in the Assembly that he could find no minute for the ordering by a previous Government of war material to cost about a quarter of a million. A rumor is current in sporting circles to the effect that a member of the Legislative Assembly intends introducing a bill into Parliament which will aim a deadly blow at horseracing. Mr. R. J. Leigh, editor of the Charleville (Q.) Times, took an overdose of chlorodyne, A paper was lound in his pGcket stating that be had committed suicide on account of debts. The Governor of Queensland, accompanied by Lady Musgrave and the Tasmanian Minister for Works, has left Brisbane for a fortnight's tour in the central districts of the colony. Mr. Burns in the Assembly stated that the block system on the New South Wales railway lines was most thoroughly carried out, none but duly qualified and reliable men being employed. A young man named Herbert Waldron, who a short time ago was accidentally shot through the hand, died on Saturday at Spring- hill, near Wollongong, from lockjaw, the result of the accident. The Government have proclaimed Monday, June 20, the date of the Queen's accession, a public holiday on the understanding that the same course shall be taken by all the outer, colonies. The report of the South Coast and West Camden Co- operative Company shows a net profit for the year of £644 Is. 7d., after paying a dividend of 10 per cent, and erecting new premises. In reply to a question from Mr. Dibbs, Sir Henry Parkes stated in the Assembly that no one had any right to suspect that it was true the proposed increased tobacco duty was to be abandoned. The saving already effected in the Depart- ment of.Public Instruction for the present halfyear is said to be between £50,000 and £60,000, and afurthersaving is contemplated by abolishing truant inspectors. The question of placing a special sum on the Estimates for the purpose of repairing the roads throughout the colony damaged by the recent rains is to be considered when the Estimates are prepared. Mr. J. C. Neild, M.P., the executive commissioner for New South Wales to the South Australian Exhibition, arrived in Adelaide some days ago and wili probably remain until after the opening ceremony. Four Sydney students—Rennie, Sutherland, Weekes and Rimsay—have been distinguishing themselves at the London University. Rennie takes the Tuke and Bruce medals and the Atchinson scholarship. The tenders for the new locomotives have been referred to the Minister for Works, and are now under consideration by the officers of that department. Up to the present no foreign tenders have come to hand. A deputation waited on Sir Henry Parkes to ask if Government would bear the expense of entertaining 10,000 school children in connection with the Queen's Jubilee. The matter will be considered by the Cabinet. The Agent-General has been unofficially informed that the final offers made by the Imperial authorities for the conveyance of the Anglo-Australian mails have been accepted by the P. and O. and Orient companies. In the Assembly, a motion moved by Mr. M'Elhone, to the effect that the practice hitherto prevailing of allowing civil servants leave of absence on fall pay should at once cease, was agreed to without discussion. The question of testing the evidence brought out by the recent board of inquiry into the charitable asylums is being considered by the Government, and it is probable that a barrister will be appointed to search into the matter. The Rev. G. Sutherland, in an address on "The Rage for Sports and Pleasures," last Sunday night condemned the present demand in Australia for sports and amusements as " beyond all bounds of sobriety and reason." Mr. Melville, intends to move in the Assembly shortly that all correspondence between the Minister for Mines, the Colonial Secretary, and the members of the present Bulli Commission, should be laid upon the table of the House. Thomas Lockyer, for attempting to murder his wife at Warrah Creek, was found not guilty at the Central Criminal Court, Sydney, on the ground of insanity, and ordered to be detained until the pleasure of the Governor be known. Lady Carrington has written to the Mayor of Sydney asking him to call a public meeting to form a " Queen's Fund," to assist indigent women, in commemoration of the Jubilee. The Mayor has fixed Monday, 13th inst., for the meeting. Oawald Wilkinson, for maliciously shooting a fellow-workman named Lane, was sentenced at the Central Criminal Court, Sydney, to five years' penal servitude. Prisoner, it is supposed, id insane, aud the Governor will deal with the case. The council of the New South Wales Cyclists Union has refused to endorse the action of the executive in accepting Con. Dwyer'e denial of the charge preferred against him by the English professional, Robert James. A special committee is to inquire into the matter. The Cowabbie Reefs, near Junee, which were worked with vigour some 14 years ago, but have been since then for the greater time abandoned, are being reopened. A 10-stamp battery is being erected within a short distance of Pike's Reef, and crushing will shortly commence. As the result of investigations carried on in Sydney during the past six or seven months by Detective Ciough, extensive forgeries, alleged to have been committed by a man named Henry Hart Lmrus, have come to light. Forged bills amouuting to £9000 have already been traced. The Principal Under-Secretary has sent a circular to each of the Trades and Labor Societies of the colony, inviting co-operation with the Government departments and banking institutions in carrying out a general illumination of the city on the evening of Jubilee Day. An important step has been decided on hy the Minister of Justice, by which over £2000 will be annually saved to the country. Sevt r^l of the small country gaols are to be dis-proclaimed, and they will sink from gaols into watchhouBes, whereby a clear saving of £2000 a year will be effected. A man named James Curtis, who is said to have been born in 1782, and was therefore 105 yean of age, died at Gundurimba, near Lismore, on Sunday. He has lived with a family there for over 40 years, and was able to get about up to the time of his death. He came to Sydney in 1830. In the Port Macquarie Quarter Sessions, before Judge Murray, R. S. Garbutt, a commercial traveller, was charged with having embezzled money belonging to Messrs. Atcherley and Dawson, tea merchants, of Sydney. Accused was found guilty, and was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment in the local gaoL At a meeting of the Hay Prosbyterian Church community the vexed question with regard to the Rev. Mr. Hamilton was settled. Mr. Ross, representative of the Sydney As- sembly, was present. It was decided to transfer Mr. Hamilton from Victoria to New South Wales Presbytery, and that he leave in September. The shareholders of the Hudson Brothers Company resolved to accept the offer of the Messrs. Hudson to purchase the Redfern and Bathurst properties, the former tor £33,000 and the latter for £18,000. This will relieve the company of a debt of £50,000. The properties will not be used for competing with the company. A man named AHright, who recently stuck up a man named Redden, was captured in the ranges by Police-constable Grenenger, and brought into Carcoar on Saturday. The constable had been scouring the ranges for two days, and arrested the prisoner in the navvies' camp, some 30 miles from Carcoar. The prisoner made no attempt to escape. Mr. Willmer, lessee of the Caledonian Hotel, Hay, called a meeting of his creditors last week. His liabilities were stated at £3181, the assets (nominal) at £2250, reclaimed for goodwill, and some debts owing to the amount of £1000. The liabilities of the secured estate are assigned to A. C. Stewart and H. N. Bowden, trustees. Mr. Seaver has given notice of the following motion for Thursday, June 28 :—" That the office of Forest Ranger as it now exists be abolished, and that the duties, or such as can be done by the police, devolve upon the police; and that three or four persons, with a thorough knowledge of the timber of the colony, be appointed to direct the police in such matters pertaining to the timber of the colony as require particular technical knowledge." The polling in connection with the South Sydney election, rendered necessary by the acceptance of the portfolio of Attorney-General by Mr. B. R. Wise, took place on Saturday, and, after an exciting contest, resulted in the return of Mr. Wise by a majority of 40 votes. The numbers polled were—Mr. B. R. Wise 2618 ; Mr. W. H. Traill, 2578. The protect tionists claimed the result as virtually a victory, although their candidate was beaten. Mr. Thomas Hardy, contractor, met with a severe accident on the Queen's Birthday (says the Burrangong Chronicle), the result of which will moBt likely be the loss of two fingers pf the right hand. For the amusement of his children he purchased some fireworks, and among tbem what is known in pyrotechnics as a Chinese flowerpot. This he was letting off, holding it in his right hand, when it burst, causing injury to the middle fingers of that hand. In the Dubbo Police Court, before Mr. W. S. Caswell, P.M., Robert Booth, a solicitor, and formerly Mayor of Dubbo, sued Mr. W. B. Wilkinson for having resigned his seat on the Dubbo Municipal Council before his term had expired, he only having been in office two vears and a half. The suit was for £25. Plaintiff was not present, and an application was made on his behalf for the adjournment of the case. An adjournment for fourteen days was ordered. In the Wollongong Police Court a miner named James Hall was charged at the instance of one James Francis Lawler with hiving on May 23, iu the Osborne Wallsend Colliery pit, violated one of the special rules established under the Coalfields Regulation Act for the guidance of persons employed in or about the said colliery, by making use of obscene language. Evidence was given in support of the charge, and defendant was fined in all £113 3. 8d. A fatal accident occurred to a lad named Edward Stone, 16 years of age, from the Vernon, and in the employ of Messrs. Roxburgh Brothers, of Burrangong. The facts to h6nd (says the Burrangong Argus) are that he had been seot to return a dray to a neighbour and that a crash was heard, and upon some parties going to the spot the lad was found dead under the overturned dray, with the guard- iron resting upon both legs, and a wound on the back of his head. The historic Cockatoo Island—or, as it is now termed, Biloela (the native name for the bird with hooked beak and the yellow topknot)—is now immediately to be prepared for the reception of prisoners. The Minister of Justice saw the Comptroller of Prisons in regard to the matter, and instructions were given to that gentleman by the Minister to prepare Biloela Gaol for the reception of about 200 short- sentence prisoners now inconveniently crowding Darlinghurat GaoL I The Government (the Scrutineer says) propose to reBume-and have subdivided for sale nearly the whole ot the reserved land (about 200 acres) in the immediate vicinity of the Fitzroy Falls, between Cunningham's, on the Shoal haven-road, on the west side of Tarrunga Creek, to Graham's grant on the east side. This land was many years ago reserved and dedicated for public recreation. The trustees, in whom for the public it is vested, are protesting against the resumption. Sir Henry Parkes in the Assembly last Friday evening, in reply to a question put by Mr. Barbour for Mr. Copelana, said that the approximate cost to the Government for the unemployed during last month, both by way of wages and food supplies, was £14,780. About 4210 of these persons were now receiving employment from the Government. They were working at the National Park, Waterfall, Rookwood, Prioce Alfred Hospital, Dobroyd Beecroft, Carlingford, University, and Gordon. Dr. Barry, the Primate of Australia, speaking at the Ladies' Department of Eing's College, London, according to a special cablegram to the Sydney Evening News, stated that the drinking habits of the people of New South Wales were worse than those of people in England, especially in the higher' grades of society, and that the vic6 of sensuality and the spirit of lawlessness were more prevalent in this colony than in England. Notwithstanding this, the material and intellectual progress of the people was undoubted. A somewhat serious accident happened to a groom in the employ of Dr. Hutchings, of Young. While visiting his patients Dr. Hutchings had occasion to descend from hiB buggy at the cemetery, leaving his groom in charge of the horses. The groom got out to adjust part of the harness, and while he was remounting the vehicle the horses started off. The groom was thrown to the ground, and dragged a considerable distance. The result was some severe bruises. The horses fortunately stopped before any damage was done to the buggy. A young man named Gleeson, employed at the Coopernook sawmills, was seriously injured (reports the Manning River Times) by a splinter which flew off from a piece of wood at the saw, entering under his jaw and going upward into his cheek. A portion of the splinter was extracted, but the remainder, about the size of a pistol bullet, remained embedded in the muscles of the lace. Dr. Curtayne was called in, when he extracted the remaining fragment froin the inside of the mouth. When taken out it was covered with hair, showing the force with which it was driven in. The temporary provision to be made for the conduct of the legal business of the colony, pending the erection of new law courts, is still engaging the attention of the Minister for Jnstice. Six tenders have been received for the alterations in the Immigration Barracks, bnt nothing has been done with regard to them. Changes have to be made in the specifications in consequence of the original design to fit up the building as a police court having been departed from, and some time will elapse before the necessary steps can be taken to have the work carried out. Mr. Abbott last week " returned to the fold," and took his place at the head of the Opposition benches. HiB return was received in silence by the members of his party. So far as can be ascertained, the Opposition have no intention of troubling Mr. Abbott to resume the post which he has reBigued. The feeling now is to " run " the party by a small committee, and await developments. Mr. Abbott again showed the courage of his convictions by refraining from voting on the payment of members resolutions, although he was in the vicinity of the House when the division was taken. The Government have instructed Messrs. Brock and Co., the celebrated pyrotechnists, to illuminate the following public buildings in Sydney on Jubilee night:—Government House, jorch, avenue, and lodge gates; Queen's Statue, Sing-street, figure of Queen, in lamps on pedestal; Prince Consort's statue, Captain Cook's statue, Governor Bourke's statue, Hyde Park avenue, the Treasury, the Domain entrances, the Pablic Instruction office. Messrs. Brock and Co. have also a contract for the Government illuminations in Melbourne, to the amount of nearly £3000, and for the illumination of 11 towns in Victoria. A correspondent writes :—" Since the inquest on George Strickland, the pointsman, who was killed at Junee while at his work by a train shunting over him, various rumors have been floated of persons having seen his ghost at the ' points' where the accident occurred. Some railway employes have received frights when passing the place. The climax was reached on Sunday night, when a wellknown resident of Junee passing the spot, received a great fright by seeing what he says was a form the exact counterpart of Strickland. He rushed from the spot, and returned with some friends, but found no traces of any person about." On Wednesday afternoon, 1st inst., all the " business places in Cootainundra were closed, this being the first half-holiday in the town. The members ot the Half-holiday Association, with the delivery carts belonging to the various stores all decorated out for the occasion with flags and greens, went round the town beaded by the local band. For the future every Wednesday afternoon is to be a half-holiday in Cootamundra, this concession having been agreed to by all the leading storekeepers. A paperchase took place, and some coursing was brought off on the racecourse. The town was decked out with flage, and the half-holiday passed off to tbe enjoyment of everyone. Late the other evening a young lady named Webb, who resides a few miles from Blayney, had a narrow escape from being killed. She was in a buggy at the railway station (says the Southern Argus), when the horse took fright at the engine and bolted. Before the animal could be captured the buggy was brought into contact with the railway gates. The shock turned the buggy over twice. Miss Webb, however, retained her seat. The vehicle was then dragged some distance with the lady underneath it. At last the buggy was smashed, aud the horse became released from it. Strange to say, when the vehicle was turned over, Miss Webb was discovered ap parontly frightened, but uuhurt. An extensive subsidence of earth has taken place, consequent upon the late rains, at Moorecliff, in the immediate vicinity of the Eye Hospital branch of the Sydney HospitaL The face of the cliff overlooks Moore's-road, Miller's Point, and tbe earth which has fallen bas been " made " or built up. Mr. Russell, secretary of the institution, inspected the locality and found the subsidence reached within about 6ft. of the hospital. His opinion is that the house has its foundations upon the solid rock and earth, in which case there will be no danger, but if on similar ground to that which has fallen, its destruction seems far from unlikely. Provision has been made for immediate removal of the inmates to the central hospital in case of danger. A sickening discovery was made near Black' town recently. At 5.30 in the evening, Mounted-constable Craven, from information received from a man named Frank Lock, woodcutter, proceeded to Crawford's Bush, a mile and a half from Doonside, near Blacktown. There he found the body of a man hanging by a strap from a tree. The body was cut down and taken to Blacktown station. There it was put on a truck and taken down to Parramatta. At the inquest Dr. Phillips stated that he had examined the body and found it to be that of an elderly man, but too decomposed to be identified. On searching it he found one shilling in the pockets. The stench from the body was so great that it could not be moved off the truck. Mr. Hassall asked in the Assembly last Friday evening whether it was the intention of the Government to prosecute any other firms than those of Wright, Heaton, and Co. and Lee and Macalister in connection with the alleged wool frauds. Sir Henry Parkea, in answer, said that at the present time the evidence in the possession of tbe Railway Department which seemed to implicate other than the persons named had not been tested sufficiently to admit of it being said authoritatively whether a criminal action would lie. When the cases now before the courts were decided, the further evidence referred to would be examined to see whether it could be legally established that frauds other tban those embraced in present actions had been committed. A robbery occurred early on Friday morning at Mr. Lyell'e store, Hoskins-street (reports the Temora Independent), under somewhat peculiar circumstances. The manager, Mr. Evans, was employed writing until about 20 minutes past 2 a.m., at Mrs. Boxhall's hotel. He then walked over to the store to see that everything was safe, and to his astonishment he found that the doors had been opened and that three pairs of trousers, one pair of boots, together with 14s. in silver, were missing, and that the thieves had made their exit bv the back door. He naturally supposes that his arrival disturbed the intruders, who had, in the first instance, effected an entrance by unlocking the common padlock which secured the folding doors. There is no clue to the prepetrators of the robbery up to the present. In order to facilitate the collection of the excise duty on beer, several appointments will probably be shortly made by the Government. These appointments will not, however, be agreed to until the Beer Duty Bill has become law; and, in any case, will be made only on the understanding that they will be of a purely tentative character. It is not tbe intention of the Colonial Treasurer to at all extend the staff, and it is hoped that on the repeal of the ad valorem duties a number of officers will be available from tbe Customs for the work created by the excise duty. A large reduction will therefore be made in the Customs staff during the last quarter of the year. We understand that since the present Government has been in office no single appointment from the outside public ha* been made to the Department of Customs. Great progress is being made with the formation of the roads near Bourke. A large number of men are finding employment at the quarries, gravel pits, &c.; Tenders will shortly be called for clearing 40 miles on the Cobar road, and for 20 miles on the Wanaaring-road. J. Davis and H. Davis, both local contractors, have secured the contracts for sinking two tanks, each of a capacity ot nearly 20,000 cubic yards, one on the Bmrke and Hungerford road and one on the Bourke and Wanaaring road. These tanks are the beginning of a most urgently needed system for opening up permanent stock traffic on these the main feeders to our railway from Qaeeusland. Many other nicessary improvements are likely to follow, as Government must continue to employ surplus labour till general affairs improve sufficiently to allow private enterprise to absorb it. A most extraordinary rumour has Boinehow obtained currency thai the Minister for Justice has under consideration the changing of the Quarter Sessions from Kempsey to Port Marquario, and thus throw us back into the antiquated system abandoned years ag). It is utterly impossible to see (remarks the Macleay Chronicle) where even the semblance of retrenchment appears in such a scheme. So far as Kempsey is concerned, the gaolkeeper while not attending prisoners does police duty, and that iB the only appointment so far as we can see where any show of retrenchment could be made. On the other hand the Department will have a large amount extra to pay as jurors' and witnesses' fees, while the public will be put to very great expense and inconvenience in having the extra distance to travel during the busiest portion ot the year. Whilst returning from Candelo the other night (says the Bega Standard), George, son of Mr. A. Robertson, of Caroline Yale, had narrow escape from a severe accident, if not a sudden death. When some distance out of the _ township, the horse he woe riding—a spirited and valuable animal, known as Mogilla—bolted and got the mastery over his rider. It seems that Mr. D. Keys was riding into town, and not seeing the approaching steed until he was in close quarters, and had not time to get ont of the way, he pulled his horse across the road, and Mogilla struck him in the side, knocking him over and injuring bim severely. Mr. Robertson's horse's neck was broken by the force of the collision, and the rider was thrown some distance; but, luckily, he was not seriously injured, although much shaken. Mr. Keys also fortunately escaped with only a few bruises. The Minister of Justice has completed vestigation referred to him by the Colonial tary into the evidence given in the Mount Rennie case. The hon. gentleman has em bodied his conclusions in a report, which will be submitted, with all the papers, to an early meeting of the Cabinet. Mr. Clarke is rather reticent as to the character of the recommendations which he is making to the Cabinet, nor can it be ascertained what new facts his inquiry has bronght to light. Facts hitherto unknown have, however, been revealed to the Minister of Justice, and these facts are said to materially affect two of the men now undergoing penal servitude. The case is of such great i mportance, and its re-examination has evoked so much criticism, that Mr. Clarke feels it desirable that whatever decision should be finally come to, it should be one for which the whole Cabinet, and not a single member of it, would be responsible. A correspondent, writing under date May 22, has forwarded ua'(the Btirrangong Argus) the following interesting information:—In December last, whilst some repairs to a tank were being effected at Curraburrama, a nest was found containing 28 small eggs, which were taken care of with the intention of dispatching them to a young lady whose hobby was eggcollecting. They were placed for safety in a glass butter-dish, and enclosed with the lid. The eggs were, however, forgotten, and only a few days ago, when the house in which they were placed was undergoing thorough renovation, was the butter-dish discovered. Upon removing the lid, instead of eggs being found in the dish there were four fair-sized mud turtles, which were placed in a tub of water, and are now doing well. It is remarkable that these turtles should live without sustenance for nearly five months, and take to the water as naturally as though they had been hatched in it. Early one morning last week (says the Gooma Express) the premises of Messrs. Coglan and Corish, storekeepers at Billylingra, were razed to the ground. One of the partners, Mr. Corish, who was the only person sleeping on the premises, narrowly escaped suffocation, and just managed to scramble out of the back window in bis nightdress in an exhausted state. The origin of the fire is a mystery, for there were no fireplaces in the premises, end Mr. CoriBh carefully put out all the lights before retiring on the night of the fire. It is thought that the mice started the fire, as an open case of matches was behind the counter. The proprietor inform us that they had not a single enemy in the camp, and, therefore, have no suspicion of foul play. Much sympathy is expressed for the proprietors, who are two young fellows starting in life, and who are much respected on the line. They inform us that their loss, over and above the insurance, will be nearly £500. On Sunday last (says the Wagga Wagga Express) Mr. Thomas Mallon, ot Coolamon, was driving from the Wollundry Lagoon bridge in the direction of the post office, when his horses (one of which, a bay, was restive, and tbe other, a black, being young and very fresh) took fright at the noise and procession of the Salvation Army. The young horse commenced to plunge, and the Lay got acroES tbe pole, falling to tbe ground, and causing the other horse to fall. The young horss, which became entangled ic tbe harness, managed to free itself and bolted along the footway towards the post office, nearly colliding with a pair of 'bus horses in its flight The other animal was much cut about the legs ard knees, while the harness and portion of the gearings were broken up. Mr. Mallon had to obtain two sets of harness before he could proceed to his destination. The band of the "Army "did not cease playing while the horses were kicking. Another large pitfall took place in Brooksto-.vn, on Mrs. Perry's property, corner of John and Cowper-streets (writes the Wallsend correspondent of the Newcastle Herald). This is a very valuable property. Mrs. Perry, who is carrying on a bakery business, had a valuable block of land in connection with her property, where stables, carsheds, &c.;, were erected, and the horses were permitted to run. However, some person appears to have considered that the coal was ot more value to him tban any consideration for Messrs. Perry, the result being that the whole of the land, extending into the footpath, went down in an immense pitfall, taking with it the cartshed and leaving the stables standing on the edge of the pitfall, thus completely raining the property for the purpose of keeping the necessary horses to carry on the business. Such reckless disregard of the interest* of private property-holders clearly proves the necessity of some jstringent laws being enforced at an early date. A gang of urchins were sent on board the Vernon on Friday, whose enforced retirement from Sydney should prove a relief to the community. In addition to frequent acts of petty larceny they have for some time been in the habit of filling up the keyholes of street doors with excrement, smearing bell-pulls and knockers with filth, and otherwise engaging in filthy habits. Dirtier-looking specimens of humanity it would be difficult to conceive as they made their way to the steamer en route to the Yernon. When it is stated that these urchins are under 11 and have parents living, it will be the thought of many that we want some law to punish parents who neglect their duly to their children and permit them to become a nuisance and a danger to the community. The public very frequently hear of the training-ship's bright, smart crew, but very few people understand the natuie of the raw material which the officers have to work upon. Some more of the gang are still at large, and it is hoped that the police will shortly be successful in running them on board, so that what seems quite new departure in larrikinistn may receive a substantial check. The Rockhampton Bulletin states that three boys of the age of 14 years received whippings at the hands of Mr. George Lukin, the police magistrate of Rockhampton. They had been caught throwing stones at a Chinaman, who was severely cut about the head by one of the missiles. Mr. Lukin said he did not like to fine the lads, as their parents were poor, and the burden in that case would fall upon them, but he suggested that each mother should pay the prosecutor, who appeared in court with a bandage around his bead, 5s. as compensa- tion for the injury he had sustained, and allow him (the magistrate) to act towards the boys as he would towards his own son, namely, give them a good thrashing. The mothers consented to this proposal, and paid the Chinaman 7s. 6d. each, it being discovered afterwards that he had had to pay a fee to a doctor. The defendants were then removed to the lockdp, and later In the day were soundly whipped by Mr. Lukin. They were also detained in prison, the sentence after the court rose being altered to a day's confinement ; and they were released at 10 o'clock the next morning. In officiating as castigator (says the Bulletin) Mr. Lukin acted not ministerially, but in loco parentis. Several gentlemen, representing the pastordlists of the Bourke district, waited on tbe Minister of Mines in reference to the rabbit pest. Mr. Thomas Waddell, M.L.A., who introduced the deputation, stated that they came before the Minister with the object of drawing his attention to the necessity of erecting rabbit-proof fencing from Bonrke to the Queensland border at Barringun. He pointed out that the fence erected as tar as Bourke was useful; but that it required, to be of the fullest service, that there should be an extension to the border. Mr. Abigail, in reply, said he considered the question a most important one, and bad devoted most of his time since he took office to studying it. He had come to the conclusion that fencing would become the largest and most important factor in keeping down tbe rabbits. The distance they required fenced was about 85 miles, ancl would cost about £5000. He promised the deputation that he won d urge the matter on the notice of the Cabinet, and hoped that he would be able to grant the request, but only on the condition that the runholders would consent to have the wire netting fixed on their boundary fences. The deputation undertook to communicate with the holders tor this purpose. The public meeting called by the mayor of Sydney to consider the subject of the celebration of the Queen's Jubilee resulted in a totally unlooked-for demonstration against tbe celebration in any shape or form. About 70 persons assembled in the vestibule of the town-hall, and the mayor had no sooner opened the meeting than it became apparent that a large section of those present were opposed to the object of the gathering. Amidst considerable interruption a motion endorsing the proposal of the mayor to entertain the school children of the city and suburbs at a grand fite in the Exhibition-building waB moved and seconded. Immediately afterwards an amendment was brought forward declaring " that the proposal to impress upon the school children of the colony the value of the Jnbilee year of a sovereign is unwise and c-lculated to injure the democratic spirit of the countrv." This amendment, which was seconded by Mr. John Norton, was carried by an overwhelming majority amidst enthusiastic cheers. The mayor, in closing the proceedings, regretted that he bad failed to obtain support in carrying his proposal, owing to the supineness of the people, whose loyalty seemed to prompt them to do nothing beyond singing themselves hoatse over a bun and a cup of tea. On Saturdav night, May 28 (says the New Zealand Herald), a cowardly attempt to injure woman named Bella Cowdery, was made by a man called Charles Patterson, by throwing a small bottle of vitriol at her in Queen's-streetj abont half- past 10. It appears that some time a?o Patterson had been a lodger in Mrs. Cowdiry's house, but he had been told to leave by her, and had done BO, but had repeatedly endeavored to persuade her to take him back a Jain. This she refused to do, and he began to annoy her by following her about and making offensive remarks concerning her. He had been walking behind her on Saturday night for some time, and when Mrs. Cowdery was near Wyndham-street he jostled roughly against her, casting the contents of a bottle upon her, which iortuuately fell upon her cloak instead of her face or neck. A young woman who accompanied Mrs. Cowdery noticed the stainB on the cloak, and said, " He bas thrown grease on you," at the same time putting her hands upon the marks. The acid, which had burnt through the cloak, severely blistered the girl's hand, and she had to go to Mr. King's the chemist, to get it dressed. Information was given to Detectives Hughes and Doolan of the outrage, and a description of the perpetrator furnished, from which these two officers succeeded in tracking their man, and he was lodged in the police cells within half an hour of the occurrence. Dancing bears (says the Goulburn Herald were formerly common spectacles in the villages and country towns of England, and the occupation of "bear-leader" bas left its mark in scholastic argot—a private tutor to a young gentleman being still designated by this term. We have an impression that street exhibitions of this kind have been forbidden, or at least discouraged, by the authorities at home; certainly they are now out of date. Yesterday, however, old memories were revived by the appearance in the streets of Goulburn of a performing bear, in charge of a stout fellow as " leader," and accompanied by the owner, a foreigner named Pouech (who "pouches" the money from the spectators). The animal is a brown bear, stands when erect on its hind legs about six feet high, and is stated to be a native of the Rocky Mountains, America. It bas been taught to waltz to its leader's singing, to turn a somersault, to imitate an old man walking with a stick, to ride a stick, and to shake hands with and kiss its leader (the traditional " hug," it may be supposed, being discreetly omitted from the programme). Pouech states that he has exhibited the bear throughout New Zealand and in several parts of this colony. The novel spectacle attracted many spectators here. The strange appearance of the animal also startled a number of horses, and such an exhibition is scarcely one to be encouraged in the public streets. 