INTERCOLONIAL. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, July 15. The Supreme Court has declined to admit to bail Henry Borsboom, who is awaiting trial for the murder? of his wife, the victim of the late Coffee Palace tragedy. The Sailors' Home, which was quarantined on the outbreak of smallpox on the 1st instant, was reopened this morning, and the thirteen inmates who were sent to quarantine and vaccinated were released. AU danger of a further spread of the disease is now considered past, fifteen days having elapsed since the patient Alexander was sent to guarantee. Nothing fresh has been reported from the Quarantine Station. A during robbery was committed at the resi- dence of the Hon. Jas. White on Wednesday evening. While the family were at dinner the thief or thieves made off with jewellery to the value of £100. The concert at the Exhibition building to-night for the benefit of the widow and family of Wilson, the engine-driver who was killed in the Hawkesbury railway accident, attracted an immense gathering, and the receipts amounted to a substantial sum. Another farcical mass meeting, organised by a few unemployed agitators, was held at the top of King-street to-night. The speakers could not obtain it hearing, and the meeting broke up in confusion. The Minister for Works has not yet fully considered the finding of the jury at the coroner's inquest in the Hawkesbury railway accident, but the matter will probably be brought before the Cabinet to-morrow, and it is probable that before any steps are taken to appoint a Royal Commission to inquire into the management of the Railway Department, the whole depositions will be submitted to some eminent counsel, who will be asked to weigh the evidence whether the jury were justified upon the facts before them in arriving at the conclusion they did. The heads of the Railway Department deny that there is any disorganisation or want of system in the management of the railway affairs, but they court inquiry by a competent tribunal. Arrangements have been made for the despatch of a special train on Thursday night to convey members of Parliament and their families to the Adelaide Exhibition. All passengers by this train will be franked over the lines of the other colonies. The recently formed Australian Republican Union has already a member roll of 200, and steps are being taken for the formation of branches throughout the colony. Arrivals ; Elamang and Birksgate, steamers, from Brisbane. Sailed : Fitzroy, 8. for Brisbane. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, July 16. The Agent-General has telegraphed from London that Sir Vincent Kennett Barrington has been engaged to visit the various European centres for the purpose of supporting the recommendations of the British ambassadors and consuls in regard to sending exhibits to the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition. The Premier having received intimation that the Governments of the other colonies have agreed to recognise the 20th of January in each year, the anniversary of the foundation of British settlement in Australia, as a general holiday, the Government of this colony will do likewise. The Telephone Exchange Company has made a further oi'Oituro to the Government for the sale of their stock and goodwill, but the price asked is regarded as excessive, and the Premier definitely stated that unless an acceptable offer is submitted before he makes his budget speech on Thursday, he will then announce that a Government telephone exchange be established irrespective of any further offer from the company. Mr. Richardson, manager for the Victoria Sugar Company, had an interview with the Premier to-day regarding the proposed increase of duty on beet sugar imported into the colony. The whole subject was discussed, but nothing definite was done, as the matter is still under the consideration of the Government. A number of distressed poor have been provided with work at stone-breaking on the suburban railways ; but as they are unable to obtain a full day's work, efforts are being made to provide other means of employment. The latest scratchings for the Grand National Hurdles are Fiddler, Blue Mountain, Ocoim Jack, and Dragon; for the Grand National Steeplechase, Game, Dragon, and Winalot. At the Central Board of Health meeting to-day, it was mentioned that Victoria and South Australia were the only colonies which had agreed to the necessary expenditure in connection with the proposal of the Western Australian Government to establish a federal quarantine station. The board decided to take steps to obtain definite answers from New South Wales and Queensland. Lady O'Shannessy, widow of the late Sir John O'Shanassy, died at Camberwell yesterday. The Crown Solicitor has advised the police to collect evidence with a view to the prosecution of Cannon, the American wrestler, for brutal conduct on Saturday, and he will consider the charge to be preferred when the evidence is submit! ed. The floods in the Numurkah district show no signs of subsiding. Reports from Tocumwal state that the river Murray rose 17ft. above summer level, and is still rising. The river banks (at Tocumwal are under water, and on this side the country is submerged for over a mile. The river has not attained such a height for many years. The water is coming down the Murray in much greater volume than was ever known before, due probably to the enormous quantity of snow on the mountains. It is feared that if the snow melts quickly disastrous floods will ensue. An important arrest was expected to-day at the Oriental Hotel. A man giving the name of Walter Wm. Neale, who arrived by express train from Adelaide this morning, was recognised as a solicitor who, it is alleged, absconded from Coventry, England, after committing extensive forgeries to the amount of £30,000. He acknowledged at once that he was the man wanted. The sum of £101 was found in his possession. The Champion Stakes of the Melbourne Gun Club were shot for to-day. The first prize was won by Mr. H. M. Woodhouse, the second by Mr. J. H. Holland, and the third by "Bird." At a large meeting of carpenters and joiners, hold in the Trades Hall to- night, it was do erected, in view of the present depression in trade to ask the Government to increase the duty on sawn timber. The following horses were sold by Messrs. Yuille and Co. to-day :-Emproi-8, 90 guineas The Ghost, 55 guineas; Grace Darling, 250 guineas; Kitty Fisher, 130guineaa; Lilhologiat, 55 guineas ; Marlborough, 210 guineas The Kimvo, 140 guineas and Bothwell, 250 guineas. Lalor. The following are the additional scratchings : For the Grand National Hurdles, Trout and Major for the Caulfield Cup, Rliotorioiim. Considerable business was done to-day on the Grand National Meeting. For the Hurdle Race Sir Launcelot was very firm at 2 to 1, but the reason Friction cnuBodliiui house to 5 to 2, Friction starting at 2 to 1, thou shortened to 4 to 1 ; AriatideH was backed for a fair stake at 6 to 4, but he after wards receded to 3 lo 1 ; a little money went on Darkness at 10 To 1. Desperado was well supported for the Steeplechase at 1 to 1 ; und Kildare at 3 to 1 was freely offered. Lizette, Royal Oak, and Pro- motion were the medium of business at 6 to 4. The double ranged from 100 to 10 to 100 to 3. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDES, July 15. The Customs authorities have seized £200 worth of jewellery, supposed to have come from Altona, and found in the possession of a local tradesman. The goods will be detained so as to give the party an opportunity of proving that duty has been paid. The COUCHEs exported during the six months ended 30th June are of the value of £053,303, or £290,948 in excess of the corresponding period of last your. TASMANIA. HOBART, July 15. In the Supreme Court to-day, the motion for a rule nisi for a criminal information for libel against the Rev. O. Price, of Launceston) at the instance of the lady superior of the Presentation Convent, Launceston, was withdrawn, as the defendant put in an affidavit that his remarks were not intended to apply to that convent or to anyone in Australia. At a meeting in the town to-night, a resolution was passed in favour of a poll-tax on Chinese. NEW ZEALAND. AUCKLAND, July 15. Parliament was dissolved to-day. A complete skeleton of a man in excellent preservation has been discovered at Cromwell, Otago, and has a crown like crest of feathers at the back of the head. 