CONSECRATION OF A ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP. \- The consecration of the Very Eev. Dr. Cor- fcett, who is to ho the first bishop of the now see of Gippsfand, took placo at St. Mary's Church, St. Kilda, on Thursday. Archbishop Carr was the consecratory prolate, and he was upported by Dr. Reynolds, Archbishop of Ade laide ; Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Tasmania ; Dr. Murray, BishoD of Maitlaud (N.S.W.); Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballaral; aud Dr. Keville, Coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst: Dean Becchi- nof, -of Launceaton ; Prior Vaughan, Superior of ibeRedemptorist order of New South Wales; Very Eev. Donag'ny, Prior Butlor, Very Itev. C. Nulty, S.J., aud a number of other clergy were also present on tho occasion. Tho bishops and clergy pro- ceded by acolytes bearing lighted candles entered the church iu procession, and pro ceeded to the sanctuary. The ceremony was commenced by Archbishop Carr calling upon the Very Rev. J. Hegarty to read the mandate of his Holiness tho Pope, during which the bishop-elect sat facing the altar. He was then called upon to make his declaration of faith and loyalty to the church, after v.liich the mass was jyguii. At tlio introit Dr. Corbett was condrfSted to the high altar, where he pros trated himself, being blindfolded and the Gospels placed on his shoulders by the Very Eos.. Dean Donaghy, who acted as master of ceremonies throughout. Tho Archbishop then came forward and performed the consecration, anointing the bishop elect with holy oil on the forehead, and afterwards embracing htm, as did the other bishops. The ceremony was completed by the Archbishop placing the ring upon the bishop elect's finger and llie mitre upon his head. The cruzier was then placed in his hand, and he was conducted to a seat in front of tho high altar. The sermon was preached by the Rev. J. O'Farrell, O.S.S.K., ono of the Redcuiptorist Fathers, from Waratah, New South Wales. Ho took for his text tho words from the Gospel oi St. Matthew, "And Jesus advancing said unto them, All power is given to me in heaven and on earth ; go ye, therefore, teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of tho Sou, and of tho Holy Ghost, instructing them to observe all that I have commanded you ; and behold 1 am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." 