THE PUBLIO HEALTH LAW AMENDMENT BILL. OBJECTIONS OF THE MUNICI- TALiriKS. j Wo yesterday published tlio report of tho Conunittco Appointed at tho courerenco of .munioipal representatives, held nt the Town Unll, on tho 23th ultimo, upon tho various pro visions of the measure now befmo tho Lcgis- . lativo Assembly, for amending the conditions of tho existing statute relating to public health. The report of the committee will bo presented to nn adjourned meetinc of tho conference on 10th proximo, with tho result, that in nil probability, representations will bo hiado to Parliament on the subject. The committeo itself goes so far as to recommend that tho various administrative Jxxlics concerned should join in a request to \- tho Executive Government to withdraw tho Bill, and 41 in lieu of it, to cause tho oxisting lawn relating to public health to bo revised ami \- 'corrected with a view to tho passing of a consolidated statute." An examination of the report and of the measure conjointly will reveal some of tho \- .principal points of difference. To mention them nil would be to weary the reader. It would bo easier to give the heads of agree- iuent, for where the conmiitteeand the framcrs of tho measure avo in harmony their unanimity is wonderful : so much so that the committee have not found it necessary to state it. There are ninety-six clauses to the Bill brought in by tho Chief Secretary ami the Attorney-Gene ral, and read for the first time in the Assembly ; bn tho 14th of July last. Upon fifty-two of these clauses tho Council throw tho fierce ' light of practical criticism, whilst forty -four are allowed to pass unchallenged, being, it may be presumed, not in antagonism to municipal polity and observance. In nearly every item where drastic alteration 'is proposed, the Council recommend , Hint tho clauso should bo "struck out," as " : being cither unnecessary, unworkable, "arbitrary, or tn/ratfi>/. In fact, this "striking 'but" quantity looms so largely in the report ' that for tho promoters of tho Bill to consent 'would simply mean that they withdraw it, or, at least, if passed, it must, on this supposition, be marked with such alterations as to render it but tho ghost of its present nspiratious, a "Tnere wraith of its former self. Ono of thcpreliminnry objections is recorded against tho proposal in clau.so G to invest 'an inspector, deputed by the Central Board 'bf Health to hold an inquiry, with 'the same powers of investigation as are ac corded to justices, and that he may enter and Inspect any placo or building ho deems neces sary for the purposes of such inquiry. The committee reply that with the experience had of the Central Board's "Inspector," it would be utterly improper to give him any such authority, or powers. They recommend that kite clause be struck out. Tito contingent clause empowering tho Central Board to m ake , orders as to tho costs ot tho inquiries, Ac., is denounced on the ground thnt it "would place ?tne pockets of individuals, and tho treasury of municipalities at the mercy of the Central . Board of Health, and constitute it a legal tribunal." Clause 3, if adopted, would render \- tho orders of the Central Beard binding and conclusive, and might be published at will. This, it is contended by the objectors, would Jftvo the Boatd ''power to vex 'and publicly scandalise municipal councils." They argue against the publication, and urge that in lieu of making tho order final and conclusive the 'right of appeal should be provided for. On .tho failure of any local authority to elect an inspector of nuisances within two months after being required to do so by tho Central Board of Health, the requisitioners may sujiersede 'their functions, and appoint a suitable person, bubjcct to the approval of the Governor-in- Vouticil, likewise fixing his rate of remunera tion, travelling excuses, etc. The committee 'advise that this clause should be amended to provide that tho appointment shall only be , niade "temporarily," until Local Boards ''shall make such appointment. Under the .'sixteenth clause an inspector failing to proae- fcuce offenders under tho Act becomes .himsolf an offender. On this the committee asks, "Who is to decide as to neglect and Jpitiate proceedings?" They ask tor the ex cision of tho proviso because of its indefinite- pes. This and tho two following sections are recommended to ho "struck out," and the succeeding one is allowed to stand as proposed, because, U3 it seems, it has no ivwcm d'etre, and 13 a mere superfluity. Paragraphs of clause arrogating to the Central Board of Health power to act in emer gencies, or where no Local Board exists, 'are objected to, and it is observed in response .\hut " the commonest emergency calling for jjpecial interference has been when small-pox has been imported, and in all such cases the cal use) should not only make regulations but ; carry them out also, and at the cost — not of the locality— but of the country." The section relating to prosecution for the cxiwauro for sale jbi compound articles of food under :Jk deceptive title, is approved ; but in yegard to the assessment of tho penalty on the discovered possession of nnwholesomo food or 'diseased animals, it is held that under this provision "an innocent person may bo put to fhame, vexation, and lo., by a tyrannical 'inspector sxfo from consequences." It is advocated that the part which relates to the driving to market of any animal suffering from a disease whichwould render it unfit for human Consumption when slaughtered, and the ponsequent penalty is objectionable, and ought 44 to bo amended by giving more careful adaptation to circumstances and to the con siderations of justice to all parties." It is con tended by the committee under clause 51, ro- dating to the prohibition of building on un healthy sites, that an inspector is thereby jplaced on the same footing as a health officer or two legally qualified medical practitioners. They remark that "if this were a clause com pelling tho Government who have sold swamp lands to repay tho purchase money, and jprovideproper sanitary conditions before re- sale 'hero would be sense in it As it is drawn it may bo vcxatiounly and corruptly used." 'Another clause (No. 07), referring to the power pf a local board to recover expenses for work .incurred on private roads, sets down that the iplea that the defendant's premises do not .actually touch or abut on any street, lane, or jmsage within tho meaning of tho section tfcnder which tho proceedings arc laid, shall not ijbc a good defenco ; and that, pending a divi sion, tho charges incurred may be levied against .thu property. "This," the committee observe, "is wholly objectionable, and would lead to pndlcss litigation as to w!k> should be liable, and would bo oppressive and cruel to owners ,of properties, some of whom can ill afford the demands now made upon tlicm, and which tho clause would increase." These are the leading .details upon which tho parties concerned are jit issue, and many other section of the measure aro objected to on grounds not stated in the committee's report. 