Three Visits from the Flying Dutchman. I From the day I set foot on the decks of the good -ship Bardwell, Bailing from Boston around Cape Horn, I heard of the Flying Dutchman. As a boy 'I believed in all the yarns, but by the time I was out of my apprenticeship I carno to take these 'Stories for what they wore worth. I am going to tell you, however, that I really saw as mysterious a craft as the traditional ghost ship, and that if my eyes were deceived, so wore the optics of a whole ehip's company. In April, 1868,1 was mate of an English whaling barque called the Lord Rossmore, Captain Pierce j McConnell, and we were oil the mouth of the I Amazon, "We had then been out three months, .and were having a big run of luck. The weather I seemed to bo made for our special benefit. There was day after day of good working winds, and \- smooth seas, and there was no day in which wo did not sight whales. On the day of which I wish to speak particularly we had killed two fine whales, and by evening both were alongside, and the sea was as calm as a millpond. "W3 should have begun the cutting-in process at once, but the decks wcro not yet clear of the last whale, while the men wcro so worn out that they clamored for a night's rest. The baromotor was high, the Bca smooth, and the . captain issued orders for all the men to knock off. This meant that the off watch should haro their bunks, while the on watch could sleep on dock while on duty. There wasn't wind enough to drift us, and consequently we had no faar of any veasels except steamers, and they would hardly run ua down on such a clear night that our ship could bo seen a \- mile away. I own .up that as soon as the vessel grew quiet I went to sleep on my post, and that I slept for a long hour. "When I awoke it was with a \- chill of apprehension. I felt that something was very wrong, and at once inspected the decks from stem to stern. The men of my watch were stretched out here and there, all fast asleep, and everything seemed all right. "We had a whale on either side, they were riding buoyantly, while half a dozen [ sharks wore tearing at their rough hides. Our night lights were all right, everything safe from [ fire, and I called myself a fool for thinking that I -anything was wrong. Nevertheless, I continued worried and nervous, and the desire to sleep left I me entirely. I It might have been half an hour after my awaken- ing, and I was softly pacing the deck, taking in its whole length, when a large square-rigged ship, with every sail set, and seeming to draw, came out of the darkness to the northeast. She had a bone .?in her teeth, and her hull was careened over two or three streaks by the pressure of the wind, and for the moment I forgot where I was and the circum \- stances which surrounded me. The ship stood down to pass under our quarter, and I never took my eyes off her for an instant. She came swiftly, but there was a ghost-like movement that sent chills over me. As if she were a real ship, and as if a genuine topsail breeze were blowing, on came the stranger, and as she was within a cable's length she shifted her heirn a bit and the two craft were broadside on for a moment. There were twenty-five or thirty men at the ship's port rail watching us in true sailor fashion, and on the quarter deck I saw the Captain surveying us through his night glasses. I could 6ee that he was an old mon, having long white locks 1 and a long white beard. Why, sir, I would stake my life on what I saw, though it would be useless to try to make you boliove it. Just as the stern of the ship was passing me her captain raised his hand, as if the motion accompanied an order, aud there was a rush of the men to execute it. Sail was taken in while you could snap your finger, and the helm was put down, and the ship came into the wind. She wasn't a stone's throw away then, and my eyes were still on her, when some one behind me hoarsely exclaimed. " My God, Mr. Merwin, but did you ever see the likes of it ?" I turned to find one of the men behind me, I turned from him again to the; strange craft and she was gone ! It took me two or throe minutes to realize that there was no wind and no sea, and that no ship could havo manouverod as she did, and then I asked of the man : " Jones, what did you see ?" " I gob a chill, sir, though its warm enough, as we all know, and awoke to find you looking off at the water. As I stood on my feet I saw the ship, and I was right behind you when she shortened sail and came up." " And where is she now ?" " Gone, sir. That's a ghost ship, sir, and we are in for bad luck." I could have kicked raydelf for believing in what I saw. I went after the glasses, and just as I got them the lashings holding the whale on the port side gave way with a great crash, the bark keeled over to starboard with the weight of the other fish, and as she rocked back the other lashings parted, and we ran to the rails, port and starboard, in time to see the whales sink out of Bight. The whole crew -were aroused, and the captain stormed in a terrible way, but as no one was to blame no one could be censured, Next day it was known through tiro ship that the Flying Dutchman had been sighted, and, strangely enough, there was not a sceptic. The captain made mo relate the details -over twice, and then he ordered sail on the bark | and we stood down the Brazilian coast for 150 miles. The whales had suddenly left us, and it was exactly nine days before the cry of "There abo blows !" was heard again. We lowered for a forty-barrel whale and got him, ana our old- time enthusiasm re- turned. We had got him tried out and the decks cleaned up when it came on a calm, quiet night again. The men had had a long rest, and every one of the watch was wide awake, when, at about II o'clock, with everything quiet alow and aloft, the lookout suddenly called : "There's a big ship close aboard of us on the starboard bow !" Every man Bprang up, and we all rushed forward in a body, and there plain as alighted lamp at mid- night, was a big ship tearing down upon us and only acable'dlength away. Not one of us remembered that it was" a dead calm, and we yelled oat in chorus to attract the stranger's attention. He held for us until I could see the sparkle of copper under his fore foot, and then a shift of the helm sent him along our broadside, and the performances of the pievious occasion were repeated. He went out of our sight after rounding to, and by that time our captain was on deck. He questioned every man separately, and all told the Bame story, and later on, as he stood with me on the quarter, he said : " Mr. Merwin, that's bad luck again. It may mean something more than losing a whale." r Next day we raised a whale and he stove two boats and killed three men, and it was elevan days after that before we raised another. Oriitho night of tho tenth, with all the men in nfy" watch wide- awake, and 'the ship diifting off before a gentle breeze, the ghastly visitor came out of the darkness again, ran us past from stern to stem this time and was seen as plainly as before. Next day we aised three whaleB at once. Down veut three 'boats, the Captain leading. I killed my whale almost at once. The other boats made fast and were run off, and from that day to this have not been heard of. We saw the strangor|no moro afier that. Had his appeared once more I believe that every man of the crew would have leaved into the sea and sought death by drowning.-Neio York Sun. 