GUARDS & POINTS WITH SOME CUTS. THE Rev. Richard Sellors, retiring Presi- dent of the Wesleyan Church, recently said : — " I must express my regret that in many so-called evangelistic services which are carried on outside of the recognised churches there is a very serious lack of reverence, and I give it as my deliberate conviction that the cause of religion generally is injured rather than benefited by such services. (Applause)." We're with you there, good Richard S., And pleased to hear you thus express " Deliberate conviction " That worship, unless orthodox, Instead of giving Satan " socks," Produces only friction. We think the " army " should be made To recognise some rule of trade, Or else obtain permission— For which, of course, they'd pay a fee, Or, better still, the plan would be To charge them on commission. Say, ten per cent, on gross amount (Not taking buttons in the count Nor batter'd " thrums " and " tanners "), A royalty on all the hymns, An extra fee for " dousing glims " And yelling of " hosanners !" Religion's cause no longer then Would injured be by ranting men — Now, would it, Mr. S., sir? Would "brother John" benignly smile On that " evangelistic " pile ? We answer for you— yes, sir ! * * * * WALES has declined the invitation to visit Australia. We are rather surprised that a cablegram announcing the melancholy news appeared in the dailies without a black border. Is it possible that there is anybody outside of Gladesville who seriously imagined that H.R.H. would visit the colonies? We scarcely think so. The "plump and pleasing" personage who is to be our future ruler is not likely to exchange the pleasures of the tight little island for antipodean convivialities and the society of our C.'sM.G. and muttonocracy The reports of the depression known to exist here would alone suffice to choke Albert Edward off. The prospect of having to pay his own hotel bills is one that none of our princes would contemplate in a cheerful spirit. It is rather a pity, though, that he cannot manage to come, as we have lots of things we should like to show him — the P.O. carvings, for instance ; also the pedestal that awaits the counterfeit pre- sentment of his clear ma. It would also be very nice to afford him a glimpse of our legislators in their war paint. We might have induced him to go and hear Dr. Jeffries. This would have done him some real good, and perhaps led him to apply himself to a careful study of the " secret of England's greatness." In course of time he might have found it almost as interesting as the " Racing Calendar " or the " Pink 'un." We are rather partial to Bertie, and would like to have been able to trot him round for the edification of his immortal soul ; but as he won't come out, we can only sigh and anxiously look forward to a visit sooner or later from Batty and the youngster. * * * * WE think it a pity that the affable Dan should have allowed his excitability to get the better of his prudence. His gratuitous disclaimers of any desire or intention to join the new Ministry certainly laid him open to a rebuff of the "wait till you are asked" character. It is amusing to see what a lot of people there now are who never dreamt of claiming office. Some of these disclaimers are undoubtedly very thin. Politicians of any experience ought to have known that Sir Henry was not likely to show his hand until the last moment. It is a pity that no portfolio was offered to Dan. We can hold out one hope for him, however. When we have reached a higher stage of development, and high culchaw and oratory are better appreciated, there will doubtless be a unanimous desire to concentrate all the portfolios in the person of that embodiment of genuis (sic) — Dan. We can confidently recommend him as a most admirable Pooh Bah, qualified by his luminous intellect to undertake the combined functions of the principal offices of State, and to act, if necessary, as the first President of the Australian Republic. His soaring ambition would quail not before such a lofty task as that of guiding the destinies of the colony. A man of Dan's profound erudition must necessarily be aware of the fact, which " every schoolboy knows," that Great Britain herself was for years ruled by the son of a butcher. FOR a fair sample of personal journalism, as indulged in by the back-blocks editor, read this extract from a column in the Molong Express, headed "Stray Leaves," by "The Gleaner." Says "The Gleaner" : — "That frost-bitten, cod- liver-oil 'something' that writes under the nom deplume of 'Smiler' in the Blaney Advocate has been trying to be funny at our expense. If Meller himself is 'Smiler,' all we can say is, that we would never be surprised at any thing he wrote — that is, to judge by his physiognomy." And again : — " Well, we admit all that; and if the 'affair ' who wrote the puerile lines censuring us for a presumed mistake will cast his blood-shot optics down the telegrams in our issue of the 8th, he will see the following," &c.; But the matter does not end here. "The Gleaner " goes on to say : — " Of course, we have not made this explanation to ' Smiler ' ; but some of our readers may notice the 'jar' the ' old hen deals us." After that he drivels — ' As another instance of the reliableness to be placed in the Express is the feet that the Rev. Mr. Carver was announced to preach at Molong last Sunday, morning and evening. This rev. gentleman preached at Blayney in person on that day, both morning and evening, so I presume he must have preached to the Molong congregation by means of a telephone. Truly, wonders will never cease in this enlightened nineteenth century.' If the ninny knew anything, he would not make such a broad assertion. We receive the church notices from the clergymen themselves, and if they alter their minds and go to other parts we are not to blame. So far as the badly written effusions of a sickly 'Smiler' are concerned, they will have no more effect upon us than the contemptible yelps of a mangy cur would upon a full-grown Newfoundland dog." That last period of " The Gleaner's " reads very well indeed, and, judging from the tone of the thing generally, we should say that there is more fun to be got by running a single up-country weekly than a whole block of theatres. * * * * TENNYSON has written another poem which is entitled "The Fleet." We have not read this most recent creation of the gifted Alfred, but we hear it is published with some other loyal rhymes, in a collection just out. " The Fleet," we are told, " is written to advocate the federation of the Colonial and Imperial Navies." This, of course, means that in the event of a war between Great Britain and any other naval power, we should be expected to commission the " Vernon," the " Wolverene," and the hopper- barge, and send them to break up the enemy. Really we don't see how it can be done. Both the " Vernon " and " Wolverene " are in use as permanent training ships, and the hopper, when not actually on " active service," is generally doing duty as a tug to take her subordinate craft outside the heads. No ! Let us get over the night-soil business before we go federating our navy. * * * * THE question of the spread of smallpox is one of such vital importance to the community that no effort should be spared in dealing with this fearful scourge. It is quite unnecessary to point out that a city distinguished by its lack of sanitary arrangements would naturally fall an easy prey to the ravages of a contagious disease. But whatever means are adopted to grapple with this infinitely worse than Russian invader, they should be those dictated by men capable of calm but decisive action. The fanaticism of alarmists who know little of the subject becomes rampant when we are threatened with smallpox, and assumes the form of ridiculous suggestions communicated to the press. Unreasoning terror possesses great numbers of persons, their fears bordering on absurdity. What better illustration of the truth of this can we have than the fact that the ladies' baths at Manly have been for weeks almost un visited, to the serious loss of the proprietor. It. is almost incredible that anyone could be so ridiculous as to apprehend infection from a saltwater bath at such a distance from the quarantined vessel. Those who in the great cities of the old country have been accustomed to meet smallpox in every direction, cannot resist a smile at such extravagancies of childish fear. * * * * THERE is tough work ahead for the new Ministry. Upon the bead of the Premier falls the task of remedying the blunders of a Ministerial generation, and the Treasurer has to cope with a deficit of £2,500,000. Fortunately Mr. Burns is a man of figures, and — barring the heaven-born financier, Mr. Piddington— un- doubtedly the man of all others who would be likely to set us right. Mr. Burns says he did not despair of the colony ; but it was a matter of deep regret that our public finances had been allowed to get into that condition. Whoever might be to blame for it, there the fact stood. We had this large deficit, and it behoved every member of the community who had the welfare of this country at heart to assist the Government who might be in office to have the public finances property adjusted. Well now, Mr. Burns, what do you think of selling the railways! They don't pay, and never will while they are under Government control. They are not only overmanned, but notoriously mismanaged, and a happy hunting-ground for thieves and rogues of every denomi- nation, Oh ! and while we think of it, can anybody tell us when the Wright-Heaton case is coming on again ? " THAT, in the opinion of this House, the action of his Excellency Baron Carrington, in refusing to reprieve or respite the four criminals, about the justice of whose execution the Executive Council was equally divided in opinion, was an ignorant violation of the 'prerogative of mercy entrusted to him by her Majesty the Queen. — Portion of Mudgee Taylor's motion Oh ! A. G. T., What A. G. Tates Your little mind that you must use Such language crude ? You know 'tis rude Vice-regal persons to abuse. However wrong Lord Carringtong In your opinion might have been, 'Twas dreadful taste For you to baste One thus who " represents the Queen." If 'tis your game To rise to fame. Advantage take of something fair; Of glory you Have had your due ; Remember, sir, you d —d the chair ! * * * * THE other night the life-boat at Watson's Bay was needed. It was promptly manned by people who managed to do their work, though some of them suffered from sea-sickness. For hours they were exposed to cold and wet, most of them unsea- soned hands, and their reward has been contempt and contumely. It is hard to say who are the most to blame, the men who wrote the injurious comments, or the organ which gave them circulation. * * * * OUR beautiful harbour is being disfigured by coal-reek, and those living on its shores are victimized to such an extent that many even wish the steamers didn't run, so long as they could escape from the smoke- pest. And the prevention is so easy, the remedy so readily attainable, that it will be a disgrace to the country if the smoke nuisance is not immediately and effectually abated. * * * * OUR old friend, D'Arcy Read, will probably soon blossom forth as a writer of sensational literature. " Haunted ! " would be a very fetching title for a three-volume novel, and D'Arcy has all the material for one ready to hand. A few " chapters " might be useful to him, so we suggest the following: — Chap. I., The Ghost Appears ; Chap. II., A Lost Chord ; Chap. III., The Storm Breaks ; Chap. IV., A Mysterious Disappearance. Later on he might ring in The Ghost Disappears ; also, The Props, and Retribution ! * * * * NEXT to securing another subscriber, nothing is so calculated to make the provincial newspaper-man break out all over with joy as the arrival of the prize melon of the season. The Riverside Press man got his annual melon a week or two ago, and this is how he rejoices : — " The Press office is favoured this week by the present of a watermelon that is a monster, weighing 93 1/3 pounds. It is the largest melon that we have any recollection of having been raised in this section of the State. It was brought in by A. W. Eames, and was raised by him on his place in Ar- lington. It measures 63½ inches in circumference, and looks as though it would feed a large family for a week." And in the natural concatenation of circumstances that editor and his family — which is sure to be a large one — crawl outside the 63½ inches of gourd in as many hours. * * * * " TIME was that when the brains were out the man would die," an old writer once said, and his statement seems to hold good on the face of it ; but a number of people seem to exist and flourish remarkably well without any brains. Anything more senseless, or brainless, or utterly disreputable can scarcely be conceived than, the conduct of the representative Assembly of the people. One honourable man announces to the House that he has betted 100 to 1 that he wouldn't join the Ministry, and subsequently tried to interrupt and confuse the grand old warrior, with signal discomfiture ; another impeded debate till the Speaker had pointedly to rebuke him ; and a third has been displaying the greatest ingenuity in setting up false issues upon which the House could waste time, money and patience. It really is to be hoped that for once the electors will have the common sense to discard these mischievous mar-plots, and send men to the Assembly possessed of sense enough to hold their tongues when they have nothing to say, and behave with at least the decorum of a Buffalo lodge. * * * * SURELY Sir Graham Berry must have achieved the height of his ambition. He is a knight, an agent-general, a commissioner, and now Lord Tennyson has quoted him as an authority for his latest poem. But the bliss was delayed too long. If it had been one of the laureate's earlier poems, something about a "young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love," it would have fitted Sir Graham to a dot ; indeed, much better than the London-made ulster that he brought from England on the return of the famous embassy. But Lord Alfred is about played out, and his later verses have been singular examples of idiotic drivel, and therefore Sir Graham has not profited much by it. Still there may be hope for the sugar-loaf headed demagogue. Tennyson must, in the course of nature, shortly sleep with his fathers. Then Sir Graham's recommendation will be enough to secure the laureate's post for Sladen, and Sladen will spread himself on an ode to the Victorian knight that will immortalise him if it doesn't kill him. * * * * MISS JESSUE VINCENT ELLIOTT, of Elizabeth Bay, Sydney, was married on the 18th ult. to Baron Freidrich Wilhelm von Frankenberg-Ludvicsdorf, at St. Paul's Church, San Francisco. * * * * PRACTIAL jokes are very well in their way when they are harmless and mirth-provoking, but I would remark that it is not pleasant for a man to buy a packet of so-called smoking mixture, made in Sydney, and to find it consist of red-gum sawdust. It leads to profanity. * * * * THERE is sure to be a centenary celebration of some kind. The astronomical world has kindly taken up the matter, and put a big new comet on the bills, so that the skies will be properly represented. This is very kind of astronomers, who generally confine their information to points which are caviare to the multitude. It is to be loped that the comet will not break itself in any way, as comets have been known, to do, bat simply go about it's business in a shiny way and turn up punctually when required. * * * * WE can never tell to what uses the acquirements of our youthful days may at some period of life be successfully applied. A gentleman residing on the Military Road, N.S., has been sowing the seeds of envy in the bosoms of his neighbours by stalking majestically through the eighteen-inch mud on a pair of six feet stilts. By this ingenious method of locomotion he arrives at the pier without having gathered on his way something like a dozen pounds of red soil. His beatific smile, as he passes less fortunate peds. struggling and floundering through a slough that would have broken the heart of Bunyan's hero, is as radiant as that of a soul which has just " fluked " into " the Kingdom." This in- formation is derived from a correspondent who never lies— out of business hours. * * * * MOST people have recourse to a "pop" when they want to raise money. The reverse of this has recently occurred in France, where a " Popp " has been raising money from his compatriots for the ingenious purpose of extracting gold from millstones. We can hardly anticipate much popularity for this species of modern alchemy. The notion is almost as worthy of admiration as the proposal to extract sunbeams from cucumbers. We rather take it that there is a huge joke somewhere, as from time, immemorial millstones have been, a source of wealth — to the miller. * * * * WE learn from Melbourne that the wedding of Miss Mollie Houriggan, of Elizabeth-street, Newtown, near Geelong, with Mr. J. Forbes, of Sydney, and recently of Ballarat, was very largely attended, and came off with considerable éclat. The bride wore a corded ivory silk dress with Venetian point-lace petticoat and court train ; veil of Limerick lace, with orange blossoms. The wedding presents were numerous and valuable. After the wed- ding, which took place on the 11th inst., the happy pair left for Sydney, where they will in future reside. * * * * " MY SWEETHEART " has struck the fancy of the Sydney play- goers so completely that the management has not found it necessary to make any alteration in the programme. Perhaps during the whole history of the New Opera House never has such a long run been accorded to one piece; and for a company to fill in a season without having to change the bill is almost unique in the dramatic world of Australia. The Minnie Palmer season is, however drawing to a close, and with tears in our eyes and sorrow in our hearts we tune up the time-payment harp in accompani- ment to a few doggerel rhymes which, for drivelling idiotcy, we challenge all-comers to beat — barring Nelson. P.— and allow a start of ten lines. The stakes to be an order on Ninny Melville for a deal, coffin and a trip in his full-rigged hearse to Haslem's Creek. The winner to take everything. We've a melancholy pleasure in an- nouncing, That your absence in our heart will leave a void ; And the time that we are not engaged in bouncing, Fractions creditors and tilings will be employed. In a picturing your dainty little figger, As we saw it midst the hay, and corn, and straw, Then a country maiden you were quite de rigger, And we wished we were your father or your ma. But the tears come welling up, and we can't check 'em, They trickle down our ruby nose like rain, While the few joys we had left, you go and wreck 'em, For you carry Mister Rogers in your train. We would rather far you took, away the building, With the orchestra, the lessee and the "props," The proscenium, and all that gorgeous gilding, The "flies," the "flats," the "sets," and "wings," and "drops." How do you feel this morning ? * * * * The universal spread of the taste for bric-a-brac antiques and really good objects of art has, of course, resulted in the flooding of the market with imitations, engravings of inferior quality, and the whole army of shams that Brummagem brains can produce. To those who are not among the cognoscenti it is pleasant to find in the Art Bureau, at 30 Hunter- street, genuine articles of undoubted excellence, and to be guided in pur- chases by an expert. The book -worm will also find there a well-selected stock of the good old curious works that gladden the student's heart. THERE'S no accounting for taste. A joker out in search of fun burgled into the San Francisco Morgue lately and fired up the beard of a cheerful corpse. He was discovered by the fire- brigade chuckling at his handiwork,, and they didn't know whether it was a case of spontaneous combustion or a premature resurrection, but a policeman, having had some experience in such matters, being at hand, the humourist was run in as an ordinary "drunk," and got 24 hours' cells. * * * * PREVIOUSLY to her departure from New York, Miss Violet Cameron received a flattering offer from Mr. E. Stokes, the man who shot Fiske, but escaped justice. He is proprietor of the Hoffmann House, and it will be remembered that when Lord Lonsdale and his fair charge put up at this hotel they were requested to leave for fear of a scandal. Now the respited mur- derer is quite mashed, and proposed — a house and a handsome income. Needless to say that in the present unsettled condition of Miss Cameron's affairs she did not accept. * * * * THE "Life of Bishop Hannington," by Mr. E. C. Dawson, is worth skimming through. He had a varied experience as a trader, captain in a volunteer regiment, country parson, and first Bishop of Equatorial Africa; and altogether he seems to have been a good sort — of the muscular Christian order. The news of his murder is still fresh in men's recollection, and the book appears at a time when interest in its subject has been revived by the recent publication of that portion of his diary which depicts the closing scene in his life. * * * * FOR many years endeavours have been made in France to sup- press duelling, but to no purpose. Now a new move is about to be made by the Government to put an end to what is considered, by every reflective member of society to be a scandal — namely, the too frequent sham duels that take place in that country. If these farcical encounters are put an end to, Parisian journalists will have a good time of it, for they can abuse each other to their heart's content. If the proposed bill for the abolition of duels passes, the law of libel will have to be amended, else the reputation of no one will be safe in the hands of unscrupulous and irresponsible paragraphists who cater for the vicious, scandal- loving appetites of the average Parisian mondaine and swell fläneur of the boulevards. * * * * A NORWEIGIAN engineer, Herr W. C. Moller, has made some important discoveries as to the buoyancy of reindeer hair and skin. He has found that a reindeer skin weighing 1 7-10 kilo- grammes, rolled up and with the hair outward, will support for ten days the same weight as an ordinary cork life-belt. More over, the reindeer skin has the advantage of warming a person if formed in a shape of a life-belt and worn around the waist. He has also constructed collapsing boats, sledges for rescuing people from drowning in the ice, &c.;, from reindeer skin, and life- belts filled with reindeer hair, equal to those of cork. Herr Moller further finds that a suit made from reindeer hair, weighing only one-half kilogramme, will save a man from drowning, even if it has been in the water for some time. It can be made in any thickness, and is wanner than, other materials. He is confident that suits made from reindeer hair will in time supersede those made from oilskin. The life-saving establishment of Gothenburg has already procured several of these articles. * * * * NEXT to an indifferent atom of truth we like a real good lie. Here is the latest lie about Edwin Forrest, as told by the Boston Budget : — When Clark Mills was casting his statue of General Jackson on a balancing horse, now in Lafayette Square, Edwin Forrest, then playing an engagement at Washington, asked per- mission to witness the casting of a large part of it. On the day appointed for casting the statue Mills notified Forrest, who, with other gentlemen and ladies, assembled within the enclosure. The party gathered around the pit, while Forrest placed himself on a plank laid directly across the pit. At a given signal Mills removed the plugs from the furnace and the molten bronze began to pour out from the furnace into the mould below. Unfor- tunately some water had got into the mould, and a terrible explosion took place; the earth, sand, and molten metal flew in all directions. Mills was knocked heels over head; one of the sides of the enclosure was blown out ; half the guests were knocked down or covered with earth ; some were scorched, the others fled in dismay. When the smoke and steam had cleared away, Mills rose from the earth and discovered Forrest still standing on the plank across the pit. "Great heavens!" exclaimed Mills, as soon as he could get his breath, " Mr. Forrest, I hope you are not hurt." " Hurt," replied Forrest, " what is there to hurt anybody ?" "Thank God !" cried Mills. '' But ain't you frightened ?" " Frightened," replied Forrest, " why should I be frightened ? I thought this was a part of the performance." * * * * AN exchange asks: "When is a dog mad ? " When you see " the friend of man " spending his time biting chunks out of the atmosphere, under the impression that he is catching flies, you may certainly regard him as being a bit off his kadoova. The dog who finds amusement in chasing his caudal appendage in a wild delirious condition of excitement, without ever succeeding in the attempt to make both ends meet, may also be looked upon as a decided crank. In fact, most Sydney dogs are mad. This is probably due to their catching occasioned glimpses of themselves in a shop window. The contemplation of their scraggy forms mapped all over with sore spots and tangled tufts is calculated to unhinge the canine mind and induce melancholia. Some dogs, however, are unjustly maligned. A friend of ours, who runs a newspaper, has one which possesses the reputation of being mad because it invariably makes fierce attacks on those of her Majesty's subjects who incautiously enter the office with a conspicuous bulge of copy. For our part, we should certainly not attribute such conduct to any aberration of intellect, but would refer it to a fine sense of the fitness of things and a wholesome distaste for " contemplative poems." * * * * We see that football in England and Scotland has been claiming its victims, several deaths having occurred in the field. Would it not be advisable in the interests of " retrenchment " to introduce the noble game amongst the gentlemen of the Civil Service, making it compulsory for them to occupy a portion of the time they devote to the service of the colony in making mad- bull rushes at each other on the Moore Park ground ? We are afraid, however, that Rookwood would not receive its fair share of patronage. Government officers are very hard to kill, unless they happen to be overworked subordinates of the Railway Department, whose lives are of some value to others. * * * * Grace Graham, the girl who accompanied the men in the cutter " Sovereign of the Seas," gave evidence exculpating Penn from firing at the murdered man Taylor, and declaring that Caffrey alone committed the murder. The judge remarked that the girl was evidently biassed in favour of Penn, as he saw them exchanging smiles.— New Zealand cable. No more, alas ! will laughter now Be heard in Zealand's Isle ; A whimper e'en will cause a row, High treason be to smile. "Condemned to death " will be the doom Of those who dare to joke ; And all must wear a look of gloom Near this judicial bloke. A titter heard within the walls Of Auckland's Higher Court Will soon be rare, as angel's calls, Or palatable port. The lawyers who, with merry wit, Assailed " the other side " In bygone days now have to " nit," Or they themselves be "tried." If on the jury comes a man With round good- humoured face, The victim of judicial ban, He's hounded from the place. There is in all Zealandia's Isle But one who dares to mock That judge with cold disdainful smile — The pris'ner in the dock. * * * * LADY doctors are now pretty much a recognised institution throughout the civilised world. The fact is that women are born physicians. The good mothers of England bear witness, and we can well remember how infinitely we preferred our mother's treat ment to that of the duly-qualified. Ladies are now making an effort to enter the Medical School in Melbourne, and there study the profession properly. There might, of course, be some diffi- culties of a sentimental nature arise when these lady doctors begin to practice, but as it is to be presumed that they would only practice among women and. children these are at once removed, and the relief given to modest, delicate-minded women is beyond estimate. To one of her own sex a lady can pour out her troubles with a freedom which would allow of much more careful and accurate diagnosis than when symptoms have to be painfully gathered by a physician, who has to possess the practised skill of a cross-examining barrister to obtain what it is absolutely necessary he should know. Theory, of course, does not admit this, but practice finds it too often endangering life. That the professional authorities will sanction the admission of ladies to the curriculum of study is pretty certain, but the gist of the matter lies in the manner in which they will be met by their male fellow-students. To the eternal disgrace of both English and Scottish medicos, lady students were there treated shamefully, on some occasions these ill-bred boys going so far as to hoot and pelt them in the streets. It now rests with. Australia to show that, her educated young men are superior in gentlemanly feeling to those at home, who disgraced the noble profession for which they were supposed to be fitting themselves, A few lady doctors in the community would be an unmixed blessing, and all the jeers and sneers of the world will not stop the movement. Far better to gracefully accept it. * * * * JERUSALEM SMITH, the contractor, speaking about the famous " Pauso- donoptic " spectacle, says: — " I have been wearing spectacles for 25 years, but have never worn any so comfortable and soothing to the sight. I can now read for hours of a night, without in the least distressing my eyes, which I have never been able to do before with any other spec- tacle. I can quite understand the ' Pausodonoptic ' spectacle being so strongly recommended by ail the leading oculists in the colony." Sole agents : Frost and Shipham, 474 George-street, opposite Fruit Markets ; 587 George-street, opposite Edward Hordern's, Sydney. HOW comes it that the universal sympathy, or almost so, of our floating population is invariably enlisted, on the side of crimes of violence. On Saturday a man went to the Sydney Hospital with a compound fracture that will probably cost him an arm, inflicted by a cowardly blow from an iron bar. Dozens must have seen the brutal assault — no one speaks. * * * * IT is no easy task to get the bulge on a judge, but Mr. A. G. Taylor has gone in a " Docker," and if facts are as they allege, we should, advise him to stick to the text of his letter, and " show no mercy but what the law allows him." In this instance the charge— if it can be proved — is one that will promptly extinguish the judge, and it is a pity that Mr Taylor could not have been aware of his enemy before. Fair, open criticism is what Mr. Taylor invites on his public acts, and he gets it — sometimes warmly — but if he can prove his allegations, he has discovered an alligator whose power of remaining— like other alligators — in the mud for an indefinite time is only equalled by his power of doing mischief when he emerges. Mr. Taylor's public acts have shown him impulsive and faulty, but it has never shown him the mean grovelling trader in his own consequence and other peoples' troubles' that he is pictured in the letter supposed to have been written by Judge Docker in re the Mara case. The latter gentleman's answer must be as swift and strong as is Mr. Taylor's accusation, or the action of an aroused Parliament will get ahead, of him. The fountains of justice must be crystal pure, or we'll have none of them. * * * * THIS is an age of fine distinctions. From the Herald of Monday last we learn that the "corpse of a gentleman," &c.;, &c.;, was removed to the Morgue, Circular Quay. By all means let us keep something like a boundary line even in death, otherwise there may be some mistake in the final summing up. The " gentlemen" corpses and the simple " men" corpses may get mixed. It is hardly necessary to say that we write in the interests of the " man" corpse. * * * * THE Fenian Brotherhood (says the Bat) has formally " excom- municated " O'Donovan Rossa, a committee of five— four of whom were his personal friends — having unanimously found him guilty of " fraud, treachery, treason, persistent violation of the constitu- tion in financial matters" (this is very neatly put) "and gross indiscretions." Poor Rossa ! It is to be hoped that he will write up his memoirs as speedily as may be, for it is well known that one of the chief duties of the Brotherhood is to punish traitors, and we must, therefore, prepare ourselves as best we can for the sad news of his translation to another sphere. Meanwhile, until the time comes for him to " pass in his cheques," he has announced an heroic determination to stick to such cheques as he has obtained from his dupes. It seems that the " party " have found out too much about Dr. Hamilton Williams to allow him to pose as their leader, and I hear that Mr. Patrick Ford, editor and proprietor of the Irish World, and friend of the ex-convict Michael Davitt, is to occupy that proud position. * * * * THE " confidence " dodge is not always confined to the trusting of one's purse to the keeping of a benevolent stranger. A London jeweller named Lefevre, suffering from a wasting internal malady, was so satisfied that relief could be obtained from " a patent pad " that he positively declined to see a physician. He paid seven guineas for his pad, and the coroner thought that on the strength, of the medical testimony someone was to blame. Reliable evidence was forthcoming, however, which proved Lefevre to have been the victim of misplaced confidence. It is only by experience such as this that the real value of quack nostrums can be assessed. * * * * THE mania for " localising " old plays seems to be so general that we expect to hear of Shakespeare being dished up to suit the modern taste. A Mr. George Spencer Bower, son-in-law to Mr. Windham, and described as a "rising barrister," has re-written " David Garrick," a new version of which is now being played at the London Criterion. * * * * it is pleasing to notice the progress of political science among our young men, and the rapid and off-hand way in which diffi- culties are settled. One debating club we know has just decided, after an hour and a-half's sitting on the financial policy of the country, that freetrade was the only thing that would save us. They are now debating " Ought bachelors to be taxed ?" * * * * MELBOURNE Table Talk says : —Bert Willison, the advance agent of Fryer's Circus, tells a pretty good story about the dead head business in Sydney. One Saturday afternoon the circus seemed to be besieged by every seedy reporter and "pro." in Sydney. Mr. Fryer was at the door, and with that large gene- rosity which so distinguishes him passed them all in — the lame, the halt and the blind of the press and the stage. This was the kind of formula: — Applicant No. 1 : " Can I go in, Mr. Fryer ?" Mr. Fryer : "Where do you work ?" Applicant : " At the Royal." Mr. Fryer : " All right, pass in." Applicant No. 2 : " Can I go in, "Mr. Fryer ?" Mr. Fryer : " Where do you work ?" Applicant : " At the Daily Telegraph." Mr. Fryer: "Pass in." Applicant No. 3 : "Can I go in, Mr. Fryer ?" Mr. Fryer : "Where do you work ?" Applicant : " At the Academy of Music." Mr. Fryer : " Pass in." Applicant No. 4, who belonged to the North Shore Torpedo ; applicant No. 5, who was engaged at the Haymarket Hall of Harmony; and applicant No. 6, who was an associate editor of the Rookwood Reviver, were franked in like manner ; and then a big red-headed Irishman, who for some time had been an interested bystander, presented himself : " Can I go in Mr. Fryer, if ye plaze ? " Mr. Fryer : " Where do you work ?" Irishman : " At the Circular Kay." Mr. Fryer : " Walk right in, my son, and sit down with the other actors and reporters." * * * * THE gifted "Joe Brown," after a good turn at theatrical agency, having been with Majeroni for a long time, has reverted to his first love, and is now on the Age. * * * * THE origin, and, for many years, progress, of reproductive art took form in certain recognised types, so clearly marked that archæologists at once recognise their era, for during many cen- turies the perpetuation of art was traditional. The last century has seen an original design called to its aid and enriched by colour. These manufacturers have recognised, and the result is to be seen in the display of Bray Bros , 402 and 404 George-st. * * * * THE engagement is announced in Sydney of Mr. Fred. McQuade to Miss Scarrett, second daughter of Mr. Charles Scarrett. * * * * THE gratitude of a Sydney audience will by and bye pass into a proverb. The management of the Criterion, having regard to the sultriness of the evenings, generously provide their patrons with fans. The patrons deftly tuck them under shawl or burnoose, or whatever they call it, and the fan is gone. The world has its ups and downs. In the interior of Africa there is a cannibal tribe known as the Fans, who would undoubtedly gobble up any Sydney lady who went there. It is therefore poetic justice if Sydney ladies gobble up the fans. But neither proceeding is strictly " jounock." * * * * IT is a lamentable fact of the most public notoriety that grey- haired tribunes of the people and leaders of public opinion may sometimes be heard using language which, would have to be written, and not spoken, in the police court, if it had proceeded from the lips of some poor vagrant. When will such men reflect that not only are they trampling on the laws they enact for regulating the conduct of others, but are setting an example which will very naturally be taken as a dangerous license? (Echo's Moralist) Alas ! when ? Society moralist [Nonsense ! ED. S.] Forsooth ! Then must a tribune — Which we take to mean a member — Be his head bedecked with snowy locks Or locks of auburn hue When he wants to do some cursing For permission be a sender To the bishop, or the Governor, A magistrate or two ? What's the good of being a tribune — Which we take to mean a member — If between his teeth expected he's To always keep a gag ? 'Tis a privilege of office, If we fail not to remember, And we wouldn't like to see the Same extended to a "vag." So long live the people's tribune ! If this really is a member — Be his head bedecked with snowy locks Or locks of auburn hue ; Let him fill the air with curses Till his tongue is like an ember ; If it doesn't trouble him, my son, Don't let if trouble you. * * * * AN eager gentleman advertises in a daily for a wife, young, good-looking, and £200 a year of her own. Not more ! He doesn't hanker for riches, He wants to imply that this is a joint- stock firm. But if any foolish woman answers his ad. she'll grieve, or we're much mistaken. No Australian would insert the ad., and we have seen quite enough of hasty marriages with impecunious and designing others. * * * * THE City Council notice-paper contains one item in which all must cordially agree. "That the Inspector of Nuisances be instructed to destroy all vagrant and mangey dogs." It is quite time that this reproach was taken off our streets. * * * * We are informed that a marriage has been arranged between a daughter of W. Neill, Esq., of the City Bank, and a business man whose name stands very high in commercial circles. The date, we understand, is not yet fixed. * * * * THE e system of time-payment for furniture, now so common, is either a boon or a curse, according to the character of the dealer. Going to a small man, or, indeed, anyone whose transactions are not widely known, is a most dangerous experiment to those launching in life. How infinitely preferable it is to go to a well-known and trusted merchant like A. B. Pyke, of Pitt-street, between Bathurst and Liverpool streets, who has attained a wide reputation for really good articles, moderate terms, and generous treatment. You will have a wide range of selestion, and will not be pressed to buy. His enormous business is a guarantee for his fair-dealing, and in town or country Mr. Pyke is equally ready to deal and oblige. — [ADVT. VIEWED in the light of recent occurrences, the daily journals figure as mighty engines for evil. We are reminded of the old story which relates how the inventor of the first printing-press saw in a dream a vision setting forth the incalculable injury which would be wrought on the world by his invention. We are told that such was his mental agony, that he was on the point of summarily destroying his handiwork. Before, however, he had accomplished his design, he was visited by another dream, wherein was displayed to his enraptured gaze the beneficial results which mankind would derive from the fruits of his genius. It would be idle to waste words in pointing out the stupendous services rendered by a free press. This notwithstanding, we are forced to the painful conclusion that an unhealthy stimulus is given to criminal instincts by the publication of sensational and loathsome accounts of every conceivable form of crime and immorality. It has been over and over again noticed that in the wake of a cause celébre there follows an epidemic of imitation. No one is so ready as your journalistic editor to decry the " penny awful." He is loud in his denunciation of the ill-effects resulting from the perusal of these " shocking " publications. And this while he is sending forth into every home gruesome and blood-curdling sensa- tional reports of offences which stink in the nostrils of decency. For our part, we are of opinion that the thrilling adventures of Jack Shepherd — five-fingered Jack or Sweeny Todd— form a perfectly innocuous mental pabulum., as compared with the unwholesome and nauseous diet furnished by the daily penn'orth. It is a harrowing commentary on our human nature to witness the avidity with which people gloat over the sickening and disgusting details to which our editors deem it their duty to give such startling prominence. * * * * A BLUE RIBBON man tells a sad story. He was at one time told off to count the number of persons who entered a certain hotel. He was naturally interested in the matter, and took mental notes of what occurred at the bar. One incident took a great hold upon him. A young man of very pleasing exterior advanced to the bar counter and called for brandy; it was placed before him. The B. R. man looked in again presently, and beheld the young man staring at his liquor with a countenance full of emotion. This occurred several times. The deadly poison remained untasted, and joy surged into the heart of the man with the cerulean badge; evidently the spirit within the young man was touched as the spirit within his glass was not. And the temperance man watched as one who seeks to save a jeopardised and immortal soul. And by-and-by the sinner left the bar and his liquor. But there was no radiant smile as of one who has overcome temptation. His countenance was clouded with an expression of melancholy that was painful to witness. And the advocate of drinks that " cheer but not inebriate " smiled unto himself saying, "Here is a brand plucked from the burning." And he stole up to the " brand " and said unto him, " Ah !" and a good deal more that expressed his joy at the repentance of this young man, and referred in lovely terms to the advantages of a pious education in early life. And so on. But, alas ! the brand was not yet plucked, for it said unto him, " D — n; " and then it went on to say, " I've been trying to lift up that something glass for a something quarter of an hour, and I can't, and I ain't going to lap up my something tipple like a something cat." And the B. R. man departed in tears, and lost all count of the sinners who went for drinks. * * * * WHAT does this unsettling man Brown mean by his "statement?" Does he mean that he committed perjury on the trial, and is sorry for it now, when it is too late ? or does he mean that some of the monied friends of rascals now unhung have " got at " him ? There is an uncertainty and an incoherency about Mr. Brown's state- ments which, if he perseveres in, he will eventually find himself grounded on his own utterances and, on the whole, rather disliked. * * * * AN engagement is announced between Miss Eva Dawborn, second daughter of the Rev. J. Dawborn, Richmond (Vic.), and Mr. G. H. Holland, of Sydney. * * * * SANS SOUCI ! Without care ! Who would not be so ? It seems a strange name to give a new township ; and yet, when we visited the Sans Souci township at George's River, near to "Kogarah, we felt that once at least there was something in a name. Who that buys and builds in that charming spot need be with care, when to drive it away he has the beautiful flowing river and rippling bay, lovely sandy beaches and cool bracing breezes. We have known no place with so many advantages ; one thing only has kept it back — want of communication. Now, however, the tramway has been commenced from Kogarah to Sans Souci, and in three months' time the iron horse will take the smoked-out citizens of Sydney to Sans Souci to be " without care." Meanwhile, on Anniversary Day, the township itself will be offered for sale by its owners, the Reform Land Company, and we wish them every success, as they honestly deserve it for their enterprise in laying out their estate so beautifully and in being so liberal otherwise. * * * * ROYAL STANDARD THEATRE. Lessee, Mr. Frank Smith ; Manager for Mr. F. Smith, Mr. J. Grant. Under the management of Mr. Dampier. This and every evening will be presented " Dick Whittington and His Cat," a Pantomime with a Purr — Puss ! Re-written and locally adapted by Lance Lenten, Prices of admission : Dress circle and orchestra chairs, 3s. ; stalls, 2s. ; pit, 1s. Fred. Gunther, Business Manager. 