MR. DAMPIER'S "HAMLET." \--. When a few days ago a friend persuaded me to go to the Royal Standard Theatre to witness Mr. Dampier's performance of " Hamlet," I went unwillingly. The friend spoken of is one whose opinion is entitled to re- spect I went in deference to it I expected to see one of those impersonations which afford more pleasure to the actor than to his audience ; perhaps one of those players who believe that the public is not just to them; that their genius is unrecognised. Every tragedian wants to play and likes to play " Hamlet ; " and if the public does not agree with his own estimate of the value of his performance he con- demns the public judgment And yet the public judgment is not often wrong in the end, though it is sometimes a but an actor is not always in a position to form an unbiassed opinion upon this point, and if he be a manager with an undoubted right to inflict himself upon the public in whatever character he pleases, he may remain of his own opinion to the end, if he will now and then descend to the performance of those lesS stately parts which enable him to meet the cost of his favourite impersonations. I did not expect much from Mr. Dampier, and it may scorn idle or impertinent to say anything about a performance which is well known. But in speaking of it I have found that there are many who are as little acquainted with his " Hamlet " as I was, and his admirers will, I trust forgive a few observations upon it which are not addressed to them. The curtain was up when I reached the theatre the cock had crowed, the ghost had retired, and Hamlet was already lamenting the too great solidity of his flesh, and the circumstances in which he found himself. Two or three notes of a violin or of a piano ; a few strokes of a pencil upon a piece of paper a sentence or two that you read in a book picked up casually. You don't admire any one of them, perhaps, but your attention is arrested, and though further experience sometimes con- tradicts your first impression, you more frequently find that in art first impressions are generally right, though they are generally wrong in all other matters. You recognise the touch of the strong hand at once, and are seldom mistaken. It takes a great player to give you the true piano as well as the true forte. I may not like the Hamlet that I see upon the stage there, but I shall have to listen to him- One thing was at once clear-Mr. Dampier does not believe in a. Hamlet who feels that the world will do no justice to his sorrow unless it be demonstrated by stage attitudes of grief. The sorrow is there, and is there always, There never was a living man who was as sad as some Hamlets are but Mr. Dampier is not one of these. In greeting Horatio and Marcellus he does not pull out a moral pocket handkerchief. Their coming even lights up his head life for a moment, and the call that is made upon their sympathies comes naturally and without invitation. Quite enough here to make us expect something. It is not every tragedian I speak of the best kind-who can hold the mirror up to nature, in tragedy. But we got a drop presently, when the ghost comes on. The conception' is fine, but we are not altogether satisfied with the execution. There is a want of intensity. The kneeling position is assumed naturally ; but throughout there is something lacking. What is it Lack of wonder, I think Hamlet knows, and we know too, what the ghost is going to tell him. Then, too, there is a great deal wanting in that wonderful gasping " Oh, God !" which breaks in upon the words, " If ever thou did'st thy dear father love. It is tooquick, perhaps, to express that thrill of passionate sorrow which the words are intended to convey to us. But let us have it, and continue our fault-finding. We shall not have to do much more of it I venture to think that both the speech and action of Hamlet after the ghost has vanished are too calm and meditative. Does not Hamlet lose his head here and become excited to the verge of hysteria ? Else why " my tables ? "And what is he doing while Horatio and Marcellus are calling out to him?" He has fallen senseless, I think, as some have represented, and his friends are a moment or two upon the stage before they discover him. Then he awakes, and his words represent the struggle between returning consciousness, a desire to tell what he has seen, and a sense that something has to be concealed until he shall have time to think it over. Touching only, for I can endeavour to do no more, upon one or two points, we come next to the conversa- tions with Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. These passages are very difficult The player has at once to maintain a natural conversation and to interspersed criticisms which must seem to be spontaneous. It must be said of Mr. Dampier that his acting was here admirable. For him there is never any audience and there was at no time a trace of that habit of taking the proscenium into his confidence, which mars many an actor's tragedy, and makes the heroes of opera ridiculous. A point towards the conclusion of the scene demands notice. Hamlet's direction to the player-" Follow that lord (Polonius), and see you retook him not indicates the close study given by Mr. Dampier and his recognition of the humour which plays like forked lightning across the dark cloud of tragedy which overhangs it In parting with this scene, the last soliloquy-" 0, what a rogue and peasant slave am I "-must not be overlooked. We turn next to the third act and the scene with Ophelia. The soliloquy, " To be, or not to be," has received many interpretations, and each must choose for himself that which seems to him most fitting. To my mind, the first part of it as presented by Mr. Dampier is almost perfect It is quiet and meditative. There is not-as there should not be any trace in it of a sudden necessity for action. It is the plain statement of a position often thought out if never before so distinctly formulated. But when we come to the second and illustrative part we expect something more. There is an obvious crescendo in it. The poet as well as the character feel an indignation at the " whips and scorns of time;" " the oppressor's wrong " and " the proud man's con- timely" are given not as parts of a mere catalogue. impatience speaks there, and speaks in clear accents, until we come to the " but," and with it the decrescendo, which dies away into self scorn of the cowardice which is incapable of the " name" of action, and this brings us to the entrance of Ophelia. Mr. Dampier seems to adopt the view that throughout this scene Hamlet is conscious that he is under observation. Is there any evidence of this and would Hamlet have given us his last soliloquy under this suspicion The matter would take too long to debate here, but I think that the idea first comes to him when he asks the question " Where's your father ?" I preferred believe that his language in the earlier portion of the scene is referable to the determination to " wipe away all trivial fond records, and that the words "I-loved-you-not!" are wrung from him with an agony of which the audience are conscious, but of which Ophelia knows nothing. The whole of the play scene is admirable, excepting, perhaps, the directions to the players, Mr. Dampier here shows a tendency to preach somewhat; his speech at first is very slow, and there is a disagreeable effect of a too rapid stringency. I will notice two scones more. It is not easy to touch upon the many parts of the performance that deserve attention; but in art matters the bulk generally corresponds with the sample, and one or two illustrations of Mr. Dampier's work will be sufficient after what has been said I venture to think that it would be hard indeed to praise the whole conception and execution of the " closet scene " too highly. If the leading tragedian of the present day English and Italian may be taken as giving us a standard, it will be hard to surpass Mr. Dampier's acting in this part of the play. Mr. Dampier has a voice which is not only perfectly trained, but by nature beautifully sympathetic, and the scene gives an opportunity for every' inflection. Scorn and declamation, regret, remonstrance, fear, persuasion, anger, , tenderness, these are a few only of the demands of this wondrous scene, which seems to contain within it every bend-roll of human emotion. I should prefer to see Hamlet compare the portrait torn from his mother's neck with, one that he might himself be reasonably conceived to carry. The counterfeit presentments, of course, are merely used as introducing the mental comparison, and would scarcely be regarded again ; but the effect of abruptly contrasting the minds that of the king with the large lines of the mental image is almost grotesque, and strikes one unpleasantly. To consider the scene in detail would be to occupy a column, for there is hardly a line in it that is important; but we must note the death of Polonius and the later allusion to it, and especially the mingling of force and pathos which generally and naturally turns the queen from the position of one who desires to find fault to that of repentance for her own misdeeds, There is, moreover, intensity of the best kind, and an amount of restraint that is not always preserved in a few other parts of the performance. In the church-yard scene we have another fine piece of work. Here, again, we note the sympathy of the voice, and we recognise the faculty for presenting a natural man, and not a Byronic hero whose sorrow is his profession. Hamlet talks to Horatio and to the grave-digger ; but he never talks to the audience and so we get the full effect of that melancholy humour which is without force as soon as it becomes conscious. And throughout the shadow of the end in upon him you see it in the undercurrent of tenderness for Horatio in the restraint which governs the " something dangerous " in him when Laertes grapples with him most of all you recognise it in the cry " I loved Ophelia : forty thousand brothers Could not, with all their quantity of love, Make up my sum " Coming to the end, we feel that perhaps a feature might with advantage be borrowed from the performance of Signor Salviui. I mean Hamlet's beautiful caress of the friend, to whom he said " Since my dear soul was mistress of her choice, And could of men distinguish, her election Hath sealed thee for herself and the blind reaching out of the dying hand, the mere memory of which almost brings the water into one's eyes. But it may be that everybody would like to import his own pet features into the performance. All of us have soon some part ticular point brought out on a particular occasion, and the present comments must be forgiven as a testimony to the weakness of human nature. At present I will conclude by expressing gratitude for a performance that is almost always good, and which often reaches the point of greatness. It may be that Mr. Dampier's impersonation is too good to obtain the widest popularity. Self consciousness, stage, and sides, and the making of points must not be looked for from him. But he probably gives us something nearer to Shakespeare's idea of Hamlet than we often see for nobody had a stronger contempt for stage traditions than Shakespeare. What a world of scorn and of Barcaam lies in the words, " Begin murderer : cease thy damnable faces, and begin." It has been said that Mr. Dampier's performance is wholly free from self-consciousness ; it is also without mannerisms j it is generally restrained, and there is no getting at the same time it has force and individuality, and that "touch " which deserves the name of genius. One who has no personal know- ledge of Mr. Dampier, and who never before saw him upon the stage, can express an opinion that is at least unbiassed. And I think that Sydney may well be grateful to a man who gives us a " Hamlet" which would not suffer conditions being equal-by comparison with that of any actor in the old country whose name is known to the public, Many will regard this estimate as exaggerated ; but everyone has a right to his own opinion, and to be just he should express it in matters of this kind if he be fortunate enough to find an opportunity. \--2----- A. N.B. 