THE YANYARRIE GHOST. TO THE EDITOR. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—In this day's issue of the Advertiser appears a letter upon the above subject from a correspondent signing himself " Fred Wood-<*> bury," casting grave doubts upon the state- ments forwarded to you by your Cradock correspondent relative thereto. I have read these statements, as well as those from the pen of M.C. Shegog, and can from my own per sonal observation confirm the statements given by your Cradock correspondent, as tnirniar manifestations have been observed here at Black Bock, where the child Schultze is now staying since the 17th with Mr. Rodeghiero, whither she was token by her father in conse quence of the reluctance of both Mr. and Mr*. Hamdotf to keep the child any longer at their place. From what I myself witnessed on last Saturday night, although unaccountable to me, I fear Mr. Shefrog in giving the report attri buted to him must have drawn considerably on his imagination, and in furnishing such a report without good grounds for so doing he has been the means of casting- grave doubts upon the statements made by Mr. Hamdorf and confirmed by several disinterested persons. As your correspondent " Fred Woodbury" is fo sceptical about these manifestations, I have Mr.Boaeghiero's permission to ask him to come and giamine the mtgiriar phenomenon for him self, and if he succeeds in unravelling the mystery and prove any fraud in connection with the affair he will hand Mr. Woodford a cheque for £5, or to any other person who can give a satisfactory solution of the m**t?r. It has been a source of great annoyance to the whole family, and as Mr. Rodeghiero or the child's father are deriving no pecuniary benefit whatever I fail to see how they can be accused of practicing any fraud, or for what dutdosb unlfEs for gain, which is not the I am, &c.;, A. HEALY. Black Rock, May 24, 1887. Sir —I read with interest the paragraph in the Chronicle of April SO and May 7 relative to the reputed haunted house near Cradock, and was much surprised to see tbose reports followed up by the extract from tie Port Augusta Ditpaich which yon published as the wind np of the affair in the succeeding Chronicle of May 14. To me it appeals thai so far from the mystery being solved by the " exposure " described in the last-mentioned paragraph, it haa been still more in tensified. To many thousands of people there IB about these "tappings" by invisible agency just as much mystery as there is in the tranamuckra of a message through the medium of the electric telegraph, but no more. Thousands of intelligent persons have received a great many irore commnnicatians through, tie "celestial telegraph" than through the terrestrial, and although it may be imponable for them to understand the working of the foimer any more than of the latter, they are at least more familiar with its use. To tbote initiated, therefore, there wa? nothing very remarkable in the "manifestations" stated to have occurred at Mr. Hamdorfs. Of course there are a large body of people, very wise in their own conceits, who will langh at all this; but these sneering laughs only indicate a mind vacant of intelligence in respect to a subtle force or power by which we aie c nrrounded (or of which we are sometimes )>ot?-B8*d), and which, like electricity, is be yond cur power of perfect analysis. Bat to even the most experienced in psychic phe nomena an descent of impenetrable mystery has now been imparted to the Cradock affair, and this myttery U, how a constable of high intelligence {avoiding to your correspondent's tetthtony) like Mr. Mitchell should have been imposed upon by so childishly simple a fraud as that which ha* now been eo cleverly exposed by the astute M.C. Shegog. Just fancy this highly intelligent and, no doubt, valiant ponce - officer lying awake thrown the still watches of theiriKnt listen ing awestruck to a child looking his heels on the floor, or rapping his knuckles on the wall, axd conceivine; himself in the presence of a mysterious visitant from another world. Here is myttf ?y enough to satisfy the most exact ing, and I think that as the mystery somewhat involves the reputation for common sagacity, which should attach to an officer of the police force, it would be well for Mr. Mitchell to let us kooar h>w he allowed a little child to perpetrate bo transparent a fraud upon him. In fairness to the children, too, who are acsused of fraud (to cay nothing of the parent*), and whom ?south Australian justice does not offer the same protection against libel that she extends to those who have acquired wealth and there fore command influence, I should like to say that Mr. Shegog'a "exposure" of fraud is utterly inocnclutive. It is a proved fact — laugh at it who will — that from persons of " mediumietic" organisms *re ransetimes erolred human limbs and forma. The fact of Mr. SheROX therefore having been touched (or having thought himself touched perhaps) apparently by the "medium" proves nothing ; the contact may have been with the medium or may have been with something abnormally evolved from the medium, con sciously or unconsciously. The constable's course of procedure was, to speak mildly, at least strange. He speaks of a biy "moving his hands as if pulling a string," and yet, supported by a strong }*Hse of police, be did nothing to capture the string as tangible evidence in the direction of planned trickery. Then, in place of an nouncing bis clever detection of trickery, and putting the parents in a position to correct the culprits, be leave? the house with a lie on his lips, professing to be completely mystified, and then publicly proclaims his heroism (and false hood), brands the children with a charge of fraud, and, by implication at least, reflects upon the parents. Of course, it is impossible to ?ay that the charge is not true; it is not impossible that Mr. Mitchell and other intelligent persons, leas astute than Mr. Shegog, may have been be fooled by a little child in a way that would make a' young schoolboy blush. But as one who has had some personal experience of psychic phenomena, I feel called on to say that, so far as the reports in the Chronicle go, the charge of fraud is "not proven." So satisfactory result is ever likely to accrue from the investigation of psychic phenomena by persons who have no knowledge or experi ence whatever as to the conditions under which they occur. Scientific tests of the'genuineness of the phenomena must be substituted for the tricks of the detective or ths clumsy grabbing of the constable. To illustrate this take the CBBC of the medium, who was secured (by Pro fessor Crookes, Sergeant Cox, and a party of otter (dentists) at a galvanic instrument in the looked library of Professor Orookea,' from which it was impossible to move a hand for a second without detection. Yet in a minute or two attacks were moved all about the dark library, and bocks (from the hundreds of volumes upon the shelves) were handed to their respective authors in the adjoining laboratory (partitioned by a curtain)—books which Mr. Ciookes declares he could not have got in the light in half an hour, and some of which he had forgotten that he possessed. When Sergeant Cox's book was handed to him he slightly opened the curtain and saw before him the medium (or her double), whilst at the in strument he could' still see a form though the library was too dark to distinguish its identity. Soon afterwards there was a moan, and the indicator in the laboratory showed that the handles of the instrument had been loosed. The scientists rushed to it and found the medium in a swoon, from which it was some time before she was recovered. Now, had these scientists contented themselves with the clumsy modus opetandi of Mr. Shegog, they would no doubt have proved to their satisfac tion fraud upon the part of the medium as completely as Mr. Shegog thinks that he has donft but utterly fallaciously, whatever may be the case in regard to Mr. Shegog'a exposure, —lam, 4c., GEO L. BORROW Oakleigh, Victoria, May 18, 1887. The Jewish almanac just published states that there are 4,400,000 Jem in Earope, 800.000 in Asia, 35,000 in Abies, sad 290,000 in America. The total Jewish population of the world is eethnatad at 6.300,000. The Prince of WMea, Grand Master of the Masons of England, baa mated a warrant for the formataan of an Anglo-Americas lodge in England, fertile purpose of affording American retidesta the facilities of the order. 