THE STORYTELLER. THE GIKL I LEFr BEHIND ME. By Emily Read, in a New York Journal. ' Kitty O'Brien. It ia certainly an Irish name.' 'And she ia the true type of an Irish beauty. A complexion as white as alabaster, dark blue eyes, nnd hair as black as a raven's wins — the prettiest Kitty the world ever saw.' It was my first dinner party since I reached the frontier. I had been in civilisation for nearly three years, dining and junketing with rank and title a good deal oE the time, and now I had returned to the regiment to take up my old life again. It had required just one day to have the floors stained, nay rugs laid down, curtains and pictures hung, and my pretty bric-a-brac strewn round, with books and work-baskets of bright crewels. When night came I was as completely at home as one could well be who at a few hours' notice would have to pack up one's be longings and be on the wing again. My dinner party consisted of a few old bachelor friends of my husband, and Frank Stanley, a recent graduate, whose family were my nearest neighbours at home. They were very anxious about the welfare of the newly fledged officer. 'Do give an eye to Frank,' his mother had said to meat parting. ' I have a perfect dread of his marrying out on the frontier.' 'Not he,' I answered, in perfect good faith. 'He will, like the rest of the stock, come home to Qnd his fate. Who ever heard of a Stanley marrying any one of less degree than a cousin ?' Which was a fact I had frequently commented upon, wondering why all the men of that house had but the one ideal for a wife — the soft-haired, soft-voiced, sweetly soft-mannered women their family always possessed. 'The fashionable benuty is very unlike your description of pretty Kitty. I speak with' authority, having just escaped thraldom. Pink cheeks, lily-white skin, and golden hair are the prevailing style.' I said, didactically. ' You must not gauge our Kitty by what the world calls fine,' answered Major Bliss. ' We are all her devoted knights, lie member, she is the only girl in garrison — the only female we can whisper sweet nonsense to without an indiscretion. To be sure, she is a wild shamrock, and owns but one bewitching calico frown, which when in tub forces her also into seclusion. Her mamma understands the laundry business, having experience long before she was the sergeant's wife, or ever dreamed of being the captain's wife by promotion.' Our major was always cynical, so I let his information pass without comment. But I heard other badinage, not in the least to the fair Kitty's disfavour, but rather to her advantage, if a girl's chief duty is to please. All that I heard was evidently aimed at Frank. Of course it was quite natural that I should recall what his mother had said when she delivered him over to my care, and I determined to do my duty. After dinner I beckoned Frank to sit beside me on the sola, nnd he at once began to ask questions of the dear home ones, and to feel a keen interest in neighbourhood gossip, as those doomed to a frontier exile only can. I had married when Frank was in jackets, and when I came home on short but much-prized visit he was always away — first at school, then at college, and after ward at West Point Notwithstanding these wide breaches in our acquaintanceship, Frank and I at once slid into the smooth grooves of friendship (the old tie of home associations binding us tightly), and I found myself calling him Frank as his godmother might have done, and at times scolding him as if he were still in a jacket. Kitty O'Brien was the text of a little sermon of mine before our tOte- a-tcte was over. ' You do not think that there is anything serious with the little Kitty ?' asked Frank. ' Could you imagine my temerity in intro ducing her into the home ? Never fear, 1 am not in the smallest danger. Kitty is pretty, and nice to iiirt with, but — ' I was glad Frank ended his sentence with a shrug. I dislike to hear a man speak of a ilirtation as if be had it all his own way ; and I would have felt bound to express my opinion if he had done so ; but the final shrug £ could be blind to, and I did not care to quarrel with Frank that evening. Nearly a week had passed before I saw the pretty Kitty. Mrs. O'Brien did not go through the etiquette of a visit, though we were next-door neighbours ; so it was atone of the bachelor hops that I met the garrison belle. I found her a fresh, pretty girl, who, if devoid of 'brogue,' was by no means no of Irishisms. Her prettiness had no help from her toilette, the calico dress being enr&yle;, as the major whispered. Certainly she was the belle of the room, being the only girl in it, and so had any amount of attention she pleased to receive, not hampered by a jealous hus band or a regard to appearance, as our married belles were forced to be. I could not help watching Kitty ; and, perhaps because I was oppressed by dear Mrs. Stanley's previsions of Frank's wife, small things took a suggestive form, I would ordinarily never have dreamed of. The pink glow on Kitty's cheeks deepened into scarlet when Frank came near her, and her eyelids drooped under his admiring gaze, while for the other men she had merry glances and a loud but by no means a too free way of jesting with them. I am always sorry to see a timid love, pretty as it is, with either sex. It needs a broad equality, to my thinking, to be successfully happy. I did not leel at all assured that the pretty Kitty was in love with Frank, for their acquaintance had been scarcely long enough for more than a fancy on her part ; and I am bound to say 'for Frank I could not discover a bit of the lover in his manner. Kitty was not his beaii iddal of a woman, thou»h I shrewdly suspected a pretty cousiu he was constantly questioning me of was. Just ten days from that on which I had laid my rugs and hung I my pictures came marching orders for the regiment. There was ' field-work to be done, in the shape of hunting Indians, for the i summer. , Although the orders were expected we were all taken by sur- \ prise, and there was any amount of grumbling as well as of real j annoyance. Many of the officers' families had no homes to go to, ? eo had to remain in quarters — a most disagreeable position ; for they had no real right to the roof over them, and were forced to depend upon the courtesy and good temper of the commanding officer tor their daily comfort. I :at once determined to repack my belongings and go home, but to do so at my leisure. On the evening before the march I gladly gave most of the bachelors their last civilised dinner, and saw them seated, if not around the hospitable mahogany, at least a pine table well covered with dainty damask. But my second dinner party was by no means as lively as my first, though all of us did our best to be cheerful. Yet the certainty of separation and the uncertainty of ever meeting again mnde cheerfulness an effprr. Frank Stanley hnd evidently a diiBh of lowspirits, though he had all winter been hoping for a summer afield, he told me. It was his first campaign, so of course he was expectin? at least a new experience. But perhaps the knowledge that I was to return to his people gave a touch cf home sickness to the present moment, for ne sat with me some time after my other guests had left, giving me messages to take home with me. That certain pretty cousin of the filth or sixth degree had uu many remem brances, I, began to feel sure the old family habit of intermurriage waa again in force. Next morning, in the chill of early day dawn, the regiment was drawn up, prepared for marching. 1 had risen, like Mrs. Major O'-Dowd, to give my colonel hid cup ot coffee ; or rather, like that ' model soldier's wife, I had not gone to bed, but had a Horrowful night of it over a bright cotton-wood fire ; for home-going loses its charm when one leaves the largest share of life's interest ' behind one. But now the regiment was marching out, dejectedly enough, though the band, was playing cheerfully 'The erirl Heft behind me.' The wives were on the porches — many of them \- vritjh red eyes — watching the departure. On the porch next my own stood Mrs. Captain O'Brien, very red in the face, and more dishevelled even than usual. , , I noticed that pretty Kitty was not with her mamma, and tor a moment pondered over the omission. Only for a moment, tor the command came with pleasant sharpness. Halt— break ranks I' and the stiff military line broke as if iormed by merry schoolboys. It was only for a moment, but in that briet space Frank .Stanley nearly took away my breath as he whispered, during his hasty hand-shaking — „ . , ... , ' Congratulate me. I was married last night And then he added, with a veritable cloud on his long ince, 'Make the best of it with the home people, please.' ' Married ?' But there was no use in asking questions, for others were crowding round for a leave-taking ; and then they marched away by the dullest of all dull tunes, 'Home, sweet home. li Frank was really married, Kitty, the little Irish girl, was the only available person for the mntrimonial romance. I5'*1' was difficult to realise the fact, and still more difficult to decide when the marriage had taken place. Could Frank have been a. married man when he was sendina soft, somewhat sentimental messages to his cousin? What would his mother say ? And how could 1 make the best of Kitty to the Stanleys? I began to have a guilty feeling, as if an accomplice to the bond. I learned the whole story piecemeal, as it were, and then Rut it together in as fair a whole as possible, for I was sure I wo''.d undergo a severe cross-questioning when 1 got home. And this is the true history. Frank was riot a benedict when he eat on my sofa the night before the march ; indeed, he was as fancy-free as a man cut off from all marriageable girls could be. After leaving my quarters he saw a light in the parlour next door, and suddenly remembered his bieach of courtesy in not saying good bye to his captain's family. He found Captain O'Brien, his wile, and pretty Kitty in the parlour. They, too, had had friends to part with — or, at least, the women had— and one of them was lingering in the hope of another visit. Mrs. O'Brien was profuse and hearty in her good wishes, and said enough for both of them, for Kitty was mournfully silent. Frank made .his visit brief, not only on account of the late hour and his unpreparedness for die early march, but also in kindly thought of the captain's own arrangements. The farewell over, he closed the parlour door on himself, and groped his way toward the door-knob in the feebly-lighted hall. Then he was conscious that some one had followed him. It was only Kitty, to give him the final parting. But auch a parting! Frank made some foolish, sentimental vow of keeping her ever near his heart, and the girl, instead of answering his badinage in her usuul gay way, broke down completely. Poor Frank, in utter consternation, saw a little calico heap upon the floor, not that the girl had fainted, but there she was, her face buried in her lap, rocking herself to and Iro, and giving forth plaintive little sobs, as a hurt child might do. Frank was at first bewildered, nnd then, man like, touched. What had he done to set the girl weeping? Surely he was in fault. He ought to have meant something if he did not. lie did not dream that it was his handsome face and gay, chivalrous manners that had captivated Kitty. Instead, he blamed himself, lie should have remembered that she was younc and more unsophisticated, so of course more truthful, than society women. If he had made her permanently unhappy lie would never forgive himself. And so he took the role of comforter, and knelt beside poor dishevelled, unhappy little Kitty; and finding that her sobs increased rather than diminished, he — Well, to shorten my story, Frank offered her the one bonbon that men think will comfort hapless women situated as Kitty was, and that was to marry her. But it was the parting Kitty was crying over, and a lover on the march was held by the slenderest of bonds. And Frank, recklessly bent on appeasing her, whispered, if it would comfort her to bear his name, the padre was luckily in camp, and could at once be sent for. And so I was deputed to be a friend of Kitty's, and to do what I could for both the foolish children with the home people. I thought it would be best, on Frank's account, to show myself friendly to Kitty ; and so, before I packed up my household gods, I sent out invitations for the weeping widows to meet the bride ac 'an evening ' at my quarters. I did this very simple act with some fear and trepidation, for Mr& Stanley might hear I countenanced the match, and I did not know how far she might carry her resentment. However, I knew how necessary it was for Kitty to make friends with the wives of Frank's brother officers, and I intended to set the example as the colonel's lady. But I had my trouble as well as my misgivings for nothing; for before evening came a little ill-written, ill- spelled note from Kitty, very grateful for my kindness, but as she had nothing to wear befitting a bride, Mamma O'Brien thought she had better stay at home. It was my first visit to Mrs. Stanley after my return home. She had not been well, and had sent her daughters to call, andbegeed 1 would dine with her that day en famille, which meant I was to tell her of Kitty. I tortured myself during my toilette thinking how best to describe the bride. I knew that she was unlike anything my friend had ever conceived of. No doubt she feared that Kitty was under-bred, vulgar, perhaps, one to be hidden away, at least for a time, until by association, judicious dressing, and much kindness shown her by Frank's family,'she would be made presentable. The Stanleys were far too well bred to make their mortification the county talk, and they had merely announced that Frank had married his captain's daughter, which sounded very well for the youn-r subaltern. For Frank's sake, too, they would not scout his wife, even though one of his cousins went abroad to avoid meeting her. They knew nothing of the courtship, so they thought that Frank had been entrapped by a pretty face ; and they were greatly shocked at both the suddenness and uncon ventionality of the marriage. It never entered into their minds that Frank had, as his brother officers termed it, made a fool of himself. Poor Frank ! was he repenting at leisure? I had met on my journey east one of our officers, who was on sick-leave. He had told me thut ic was not until they had marched a couple ol days, and had wondered among themselves why Frank had so suddenly lost his gay spirits, that he confessed his marriage to them. Since then he had continued depressed and moody, and his mess-mates were very sure be was repenting having so easily hung himself. Knowing all this, it was with considerable trepidation that I took the seat indicated to me on Mrs. Stanley's sofa. Dinner was over, and the young people had strolled out on to the lawn, leaving me to the confidential chat I had so much reason to dread. Poor, pretty Kitty ! I was bent upon doing her as little harm as possible. , 'It is Frank's wife I want you to tell me o\\. Pray be quite frank with me, and tell me all about her.' Dear Mrs. Stanley 1 ahe never dreamed the carte blanchs she was giving me to fill in. Of course, I said Kilty was transport ingly pretty, and sweet-tempered, and everything else girls always are until life's trials come and prove the stuff they are made of. ' 1 he facts of her surroundings I repressed. Mrs. O'Brien might be an excellent mother, even if she did understand the mysteries .ot the laundry ; and fair Enid's faded silk was no better than a well- done-up calico. It wus quite wonderful how well 1 filled up my blank card, and how little I really told of pretty Kitty. i * It the dear boy is happy I Of course, that is the mnin thing. And, lrora whut you tell me, I do not see why he should not be. If he had only brought his pretty Kitty to us, so that we could have known her belore their murriage 1 But Frank wus always impetuous. And— Well, I am afraid 1 was frightfully indis creet, I was so anxious my boy should many his cousin, and from his letters I thought he fancied her.' And'I saw Mrs. Stanley had been playing that dangerous game of match-making ; and poor little Kitty was such a poor Bhow for a disappointment to hang on. I began to fear that I had sung the girl s praises too vehemently, for not a week after the family dinner Mr. Stanley told me they thought of urging Frank's wife to visit them. There was every, chance of tfye regiment going into winter-quarters where it was, and, if so, it would bi» im« Bible for the officers' wives to join them. That beinc the on Kitty might as well come east and spend the winter with th« ' I wondered if Kitty could be prevailed upon to consent or nfiT' thcr Frank wished her to. ' Iwae If she did, perhaps it would have been better it I had hinfori ever so faintly, something that would in a measure have DrerVnrLi the Stanleys for Kitty's uniqueness— this Kitty so unlike allots Kittys Mrs. Stanley had ever seen. Frank, I knew would Tint say a word, and yet would resent to the . uttermost any haatw action or even expression this first meeting might surprise hi family into. I decided two or three times to drive over to thl Stanleys, and tell Frank's mother the unvarnished facts of ho son's marriage, but I never had the nerve to do it First a certain esprit tie corps prevented me ; and besides I havp n! decided shrinking from mixing myself up in family histories' and whilst I debated, something happened that put everything else out of my head. ' » The papers brought tidings— slim and meagre, indeed for onr hungry hearts — of one of those almost annual massacres of the army by the Indians. Fortunately for me, my husband's narnp was not on the list ; but Frank Stanley was wounded, and onthn death list was Major Bliss and other well-known friends manv of whom had eaten their last formal dinner with me. ' How slowly the news came from the far-off frontier so far removed from railroads nnd telecraphs ! Air. Stanley ro'de over every day to tell me what news Ee had managed to get He was fearfully anxious for poor Frank, how severely wounded and how suffering he could only guess. As for Mrs. Stanley, she was ill from anxiety and self- torture in imagining her poor boy's condi tion. I reproached myself for having put so many miles between me and my husband ; and though I was constantly told if I had remained west I could not have gotten to the regiment, I was by no means sure that I could not have done so. To 'prove that I was correct in my misgivings, Mr. Stanley came over one mornintr with a tender, quivering smile on his mouth, nnd a ring of exulcation in his voice. - 11 Why did you not hint what a perfect little trump Frank's wife is '!' he usked. ' She no sooner heard that he was wounded than she went to him. The brave young thing ! She never stopped to pack her Saratoga trunks— not she ; but went like a true little heroine to nurse her husband. And she will cure him you may make sure. His mother would coddle him to death ? but this pretty Kitty of his, she will bring me home nay dearBon.1' And so she did. A few weeks after Mr. Stanley had told me Kitty had gone to Frank he came .over with a note from her. They were on their way home, and would arrive early the next week. Mr. Stanley was very much excited over the good news and waved Kitty's poor little note over bis head with a huzza of exultation. I think he thought an h in mule was quite proper, and thut he had been misspelling that useful animal's name all these years. The lives of the women in the Stanley family had always moved through smooth grooves, and Kitty's energy and inde pendence were wonderful in their eyes,. though if their idol Frank had not been her hero they might have come to a different judg ment. ' ' ? '?...'?.' -.?-'? '? ?.-'?? '/?;'.: '?'?'-': We were standing on the piazzn, waiting for the carriage. Mr, Stanley had ridden to the station, and came as uvant-coureur. 'She is a beauty — Frank's wife, I mean,' he cried out 'You will all have to take off your caps to pretty Kitty, my ladies.' ' We will lie down and let her walk ov.er us if she brings my boy safely home,' replied Mrs. Stanley. .:.;., And that was just what Kitty hnd done. I watched her as she stood aside to let Frank's mother arrange his cushions, and I saw . her fingers ached to do the simple office ; and Frank, glad, thankful to reach home, and pale as a ghost, though laughing at the numerous attentions he was receiving from his womenkmd, looked round for Kitty, as if she better knew his needs than he did himself. Pretty Kitty was even prettier than of old, thouph more dishevelled, owing to her long journey; and I was glad to notice that, for the same reason, the calico dress was past the benefit of the laundry. ' How well you have engineered for us !' whispered Frank the moment Mrs. Stanley's eyes were regarding something else than the poor fellow's white face. I smiled and shook my head. My whole office had been to hold my tongue.' 'How pretty she is, and how she loves my Frank !' said Mrs. Stanley, ns she bade rue good-by. , ] And that, I believe, is as much ns moat mothers require in their daughters-in-law. .-They have an enduring taith in modern improvements, and the whole family set at once to modify the pretty Kitty, and succeeded wonderfully. 'How Frank was married they never knew ; but how Kitty journeyed, without baggage, through fen and forest, to nurse their prince, was suffi cient commendation for the whole house of Stanley. 