gDatofi 7 Column* ENGLISH FASHIONS. Gowns have gradually been growing lighter, cooler, and more diaphanous throughout this hot and dusty season, and at Goodwood the culmination of airy lightness has been reached. The softest of £astern silks, the most weblike of laces, and the finest and freshest of foulards have been requisitioned to counteract, in some degree, the torrid heat of the sun. A whole dress of palest pink China silk has been remarked upon as one of the coolestlooking :to be seen. Not a touch of deeper colour was permitted to weaken the impression, and the diminutive bonnet that accompanied it was composed of a little of the silk, a little tulle to watch, and a branch of biguarreau cherries hardly yet warmed_ by the sun to ripeness. A muck-admired toilet was made of wide stripes of moire ribbon alternating with Valenciennes L&oe; of similar width. Under the lace and ribbon was an underskirt of pale pink silk or satin, which threw a faint sunset glow through the meshes of the Lace. The bonnet was . of white tulle drawn over pink, and the trimming consisted of a lovely ipray .i of ^nj wild roses. Among amnnnfhoonriimi. the endless enmia surah dresses, one waB especially remarkable for its lightness of effect, owing to the manner in which the pale-blue surah was interrupted, at every third inch or so, by an open work insertion of cieam-coloured lace. The hat bad much the same open effect, being composed of openwork Tuscan straw, and trimmed with lace like that on the dress, withafoid or two of pale-blue gauze ribbons. Among the coolest-lookiDg of the dresses were the alpacas, nearly every one of which was probably made in Paris. English milliners do not like alpaca, having the idea that it is aa ineffective material. In a sense it is so; but a Frenchwoman can nsually give it some style by the way in which Bhe wears it. For young girls it is extremely suitable, looking simple, and lending itself readily to the embellishment of slender outlines. But it is chiefly large, stout, and elderly women who aflect it, and their affection has'brought soma discredit upon it, condemning it as dowdy. A pale primrose alpaca looked quite charming on the lawn, and h.;ld its own among the cool-looking gowns. A shady hat of Tuscan straw, the brim of which droDped over the eyes, thence slanting upwards and disappearing completely at the back, was its fitting accompaniment. A white alpaca, too, was sufficiently successful until seen in proximity \5 ith one of surah or French silk in the same tint, when the alpaca white immediately became dead of hue by the contrast. The great majority of the dresses were white, except on cloudy days, but large numbers have been in palish tones of preen, maize, blue, and pink. One in China silk of the very softest shade of eau-de-Nil had no relief, nor needed any, beyond a group of darkest red roses in the hat and a smaller one on the dress itself. A poetic-looking girl, all clad in creamy white, wore a Tuscan straw hat, which might have dropped out of one of the Books of Beauty which were so fashionable at the beginning of our Queen's reign. The brim was fastened high at the back with a knot of deep pansy-coloured velvet, and the rest of the trimming was composed of long sprays of wisteria copied to the life. Dark eyes look all the darker under the mysterious little shadow cast by a hat-brim. They did in this case. Every now and then the eye was afflicted by the intrusion of a jarring stripe of rhubarb and mustard displayed in a sunshade. A gown of a peculiarly irritating shade of blue was also aggressive among the pale, cool tints that so largely prevailed. A reddreBB, peppered over with something that looked like the pale ghosts of unshriven shrimps, was hot-looking enough without the red bonnet that accompanied it Some of the checks were cool in effect, particularly one in large squares of pale-blue and white, with sunshade to match. A tan- coloured batiste, striped with white in wide lines, was one of the successes when seen apart from the pink-clad lady who walked about with it for the most part. When friends agree to pass the day together at races or elsewhere it would be well if they could arrange that their toilets should not kill each other. Tancolour and pink are excruciating when seen together. A trio of ladies were promptly christened " the rainbow" by reason of their three dresses in pink, in bine, and in heliotrope. But it was libelling the rainbow to compare to it anything so violently inharmonious. Dust-cloaks were in full force, as usual, and this year has seen a great development in this garment. It has been such a dusty season that, naturally enough, the dust-cloak has received a larger share of attention than in previous jrears, when cold winds and rainy days have laid it by on its own particular peg in the wardrobe. One of the moBt ornamental of these useful articles seen at Goodwood was made of silk serge in a pale tone of seagreen. It covered a white lace dress trimmed with knots of sea-green ribbon. Another consisted of the finest white muslin trimmed with Mechlin lace. It had rather the air of a tea-grown, bnt that was no particular disadvantage, since it performed to perfection the proper functions of a dust-cloak,: protecting the white lace and snrah gown beneath it, and yet adding but a few ounces to the weight of the whole attire. A pretty "duster," as our American cousins call it, was made of printed foulard with a design of the sort known in milliners' parlance as Pompador, and consisting of small red and blue flowrets scattered over the straw-coloured surface. Poppy-coloured ribbonB tied it at the neck and embellished the Watteau pleat, in which much fulness was gathered at the back. Another, in brown surah striped with lines of beige, was made in the new shawl pattern, but thia sort of dustcloak looks better on a motionless stand in the shop than on the figure. Arms were'not taken into calculation by the devisers. To make the shawl-cloak look well it ought to he tightly strapped to the side, otherwise the folds become disarranged, and the whole design obscured. A dust- cloak in the lightest shade of grey surah looked well over a dress of grey surah a tone or two deeper, with panels of white French silk introduced upon the skirt. A beautiful dress was in white moire striped with lace, the whole Q| the front being in lace only, tied with bows of white moire ribbon. Another witn rows oi wnite niuut; uuuuu, dress, moir£. very A black similar lace in style, dress, and made all over white, an f was — underskirt tied with A UnnU of long pleated ribbons Jmarb white of pale mn/1n silk aea-green nirox muslin, nit opened over a long panel of white moirt5, which was also arranged in folds running from the neck to the feet, being held in slightly at the waist by a flow oi ribbonB, white, grey, black, and pale pink. A black moire dress fell in long, square panels Over a skirt of white embroidered silk muslin. Quite novel was the effect of a cream-coloured serge dress with loose fronts opening upon a plastron of primrose moire. The fronts were lined with piimrose moire, and were turned back at the corners to show the lining, being held by buttons of beautiful old enamel, in which a number of bright colours were introduced in the very smallest portions, producing an effect of subdued richness which contrasted well with the cool simplicity of white and primrose. On cloudy days tailor- made dresses appeared in scores, and a foretaste of the Cowes week was to be seen in the cream-coloured " flannel * —and 3 navy blue of 1 many a nauticallooking costume. Brown was a favourite colour on dull dayB, being relieved with touches of copper, bronze, pale yellow, or cream-colour. An unusual-looking dress in silk of this colour opened over a front of white moire, and the loose brown coat that was carried over the arm was lined with white moire. A very becoming brown hat was worn with this evidently Paris dress. White wings and loops of brown ribbon were the only trimming. The shoes might well haye been more appropriate than they were. Thin kid is but small protection from damp grass, and some hundreds of steel beads thickly encrusted unon the toes do not add much to the efficacy of the shoe as a covering. Strapped shoes have been in some demand, as admitting glimpses of the stockings to be visible through the bars of kid. As these stockings had been carefully matched to the costume, it would have been sheer waste to hide them completely, and as custom does not favour MiEs Kilmansegg's method of display, barred shoes have a distinct value. The fashion^ of wearing tan shoes is gradually gaining ground. One of our leading lights in the world which "dresses" has_ given it her sanction by appearing in a pair on the lawn at Goodwood. They are much more artistic than black shoes, except with a black dress, but the black make the feet look smaller. A curious variety in the matter of headgear has been observable at Goodwood, some bonnets being extremely high, others moderately so, and a small contingent excessively small, appeaingto consist only of a few sprays of flowers.—Daily News, Among the regulations of the West Boston Bridge Corporation, drawn up by two lawyers, is a section which was written, accepted, and now stands thus—" And the said proprietors shall meet annually on the first Tuesday of June, providing the same does not fall on Sunday." Persons living at a distance must not suppose that {Tuesdays fall on Sundays any oftener in Boston than they do elsewhere. Mrs. Sumpkin'B oldest boy nad gone West, and a friend of the family was making some enquiries about him. " I understand John is an attorney," he said. " Yes, and he's got lots of business/' she answered, with a mother's pride. " Is he a criminal lawyer ?" A shadow fell upon the good old lady's face. i "No, not yet," she said.^ "Leastways he ain't told me. But I'm afraid he will be. The law is so dreadful tempting." 