THE VALLEY OF SOULS. According to the Hindoo tradition there exists beneath the earth, in the second circle of inferior heavens, beyond the reach of :the sunlight an immense valley, half shrouded in obscurity, The bluish foliage of its trees, glimmers beneath phosphorescent light; its plants rigid and angular in form, are but crystallizations of other colors, and bear blossoms of jewels, umbels of Garnet, topaz, and amethyst, such as one might see in a kalediscope, and which reflect in their pris matic facets the strange blue glow of the trees. In the midst of this lunar twilight all is silerit. One hears no song of birds, no hum of bees-the earth is unequal to the susten ance of any living creature. Even the voice of the trees is stilled the motionless foliage. A huge lake which supplies neither spring nor stream occupies the base of the valley it fills the silence with no sound of melodious and splashilig waters; it holds but a thick film of white vapors, which lave without wetting the edges of the shore and the base of the promontories, or raise and float like a veil of lawn about the lake's enchanted island. Motion is not, however, entirely lacking in this silent spot-as a drapery flutters in the breeze, so here and there the placid sur face of the lake flutters and its calm is broken by silvery ripples. Here and there along the waves glides strange uncouth forms-so vague that they seem part-of the lake itself, Yet -till their shadowy outline suggest human forms, dimly visible through the veil of mist which surrounds th'm. Their arms and shoulders destitute of flesh and muscle are faint in contour; no trace of hair shades their brows ; their bloodless faces, which neither mirth nor sorrow can alter, -hold nevertheless some expression. Their eyes are barely suggested-the places where the eyes should be show but dark stains, which send forth only the phantoms of intel ligent regard-their shrunken lips wan and drawn, which can never open until the su preme command release their silence, suffice by their form to show the difference ,in the sexes. Once risen from the lake, these shades of men'and women wander along -its shores, or lie upon the banks where, through their diaphonous bodies, one may see the earth upon which they rest glistening with its flowers of onyx and topaz, whose petals do not even bend against their weird burden. Sometimes, their elbows resting upon the Sground, their heads bowed upon their hands, these spectres seem to dream; Of what stuff are their dreams t Perhapsof their past existence; perhaps of the existence the future holds for them. For in this valley sojourn those souls who are destined to a new experience of earthly life. After having been judged by the terrible and incorruptible Yama, at once the Minos and Pluto of the Hindoo' Underworld, after having accomplished their time of torture or delight according as on earth they had lived in vice or'virtue, it is in this -spot that, purified by their expiation or 'recompensed for the courage displayed in their struggle, equal henceforth in the eyes of Indra, the god of heaven, their peace made with Brahma. the all-powerfill creator, with Shiva the all powerful 'destroyer and regenerator, they await the advent into the world of an" infant into whose body they must effect their trans migrationi. One day Chitra-Goupts, the angel of emerald hue, along whose three'- pairs of shoulders are ranged six pairs oft powerful wings, came in this capacity as Prime Mini ster of Yama, to arrange for the transmi gration of the souls. Before the diamond portals by which the valley is entered he en counteired the Goddess of Schital, the pro' tectoreso of children born or to be born. The angel Chitra-Goupta frowned as- he beheld her, for in the gaddeass he reoognised a powerful rival. ' Are you agadin here with your complain _s~ ssaid he, ' ahd still 'asking us 'for-yost ?o~harges those gifts which only the great gods themselves can bestow.' S' I have nothing more to ask,' answered Schitala, ' from Brahma I have obtained what I desired for the happinessd oftheentire human race, and am here to signify his com mand.' " ' What do you propose to do,Tknd- isitt to bedone' -" 'Listen, Goupta, and be proud to second me in my great and holy undertaking. Man, as you know, has nearly always soinething to complain of in his earthly lot. Would you know why I It is because too often hisool, abiding in a body not made for its dwelling place, is forced to endure conditions which are in opposition to its instincts. Hereafter, instructed in advance of its future destiny, the soul will be given the privilege of accept or rejecting this envelop of flesh withini which it must. accomplish it mission. This is the prayer which I have addressed to Bramah, and which he has granted.' The Minister of Yama gave vent to such a burst of laughter that his six pair of wings beat together against his three pair of shoul-' ders, and several seconds passed" before 'he could regain his speech. At length he over came his hilarity. 'Are you dreaming, mother - Brahma himself, overcome by the perfumes of Camalata, or by the sweet cordial -of Ai mitam, must have been dreaniing when he made such a promise By the flames of Hades, I am inclined to believe he was amius In reply, Sehitala drew from beneath her scarlet umantle the decree sent forth by Brah ma. carefully enwrapped in leaves of lotus and cousena, and handed it to Goupts, cis the diam6nd doors swung open of themselves before the two angels. Curses upon man ! the world is coming to an end,' murmured Goupta, sighing so deeply that all the fragile phantoms of the Ilike were blown towards the further shore, as thie foam of the sea-is blown before the breath of the tempest; 'i to make man his own master, tohave him to -accept or reject h;s future destiny ! Too much charity has made you foolish- old 'mother; hereafter we shall have no more souls to supply, except to the chil dren of the rich and powerful. Before haltfa century has passed, kings will be born with out peopte to govern, and the Brahniins will pr~ach in the desert.' lIi et us try, said the goddes. - ' Mis well;, sitce- it is iyoitrwish "and Brr.. Sma's decree. After thorqughly mastering the significance of the divine order, the emerald angel, some what re-assured, ~'ljproached the lake, con sulted his register, and' then in sonorous tones called in turn six souls, giving each the surname he had borne on earth. At the utterance of each name the waves trem bled, a light bubbling manifested itself on some point of the lake's silver smoothness, then a shade, slowly rising from his vapor ous couch, gained the shore. When he saw around him all the six to gether, Chitra-Goupta informed them of the degree of Brahma, and impressed upon them the one restriction which they must under stand. ' By a refusal to become at once the in habitant of the body predestined for him, the soul Would lose his chance of life, and must remain as many years longer in the valley of shadows as he might otherwise have lived among the world of men.' This was the clause which had re-assured Chitra Gorupta about the consequences of the de cree. The first soul called was that of an old dervish, who had left in Mysore the memory of a life full of holy self-denial as well as the most pious mortification of the flesh. ' You,' said the angel, ' shall be born in the midst of an honest mercantile family, whose lives run in a groove equally separated, from the honors which bring care to the mind as from the trouble which robs it of its strength. Rejoice. ' Rejoice doubly,' said Schitala, ' for sweetly lulled in the sunshine of your mother caresses, you shall escape the corruptions of the world, and still eAveloped in the robes of indocence you shall die an infant. This time you will gain the price of victory without combat.' ' To die an infant;' replied the old dervish; ' what ! to put my lips to the- brim of the cup and have no power to drink even half it holds ! to see once more the door of life open to me, and pause upon the threshold. Better were it not to be born. I have tasted the joys of. heaven, now I would know those of earth. I will wait,' And with a gesture of refusal the dervish plunged into the silent' lake. ' The old fool has become perverted in heaven,' said Ohitra-Goupta, shrugging his three pair of shoulders. ' Can it be possible that extreme virtue as well as vice occasions remorse I' murmured Schitala, grown pensive. Souls 2. Another soul took the place of the dervish;. Chance, or it may. be destiny, sometimes, pleases itself by bringing together strange contrasts. This soul was -that of a Bayadere, who, had delighted all Benares by graceful and voluptuos dancing. She had even figured brilliantly in the ceremonies of' the temple,. where, in spite of her eccentric behavior, she had'the protection of the priests during her lifetime and,perliaps, after death the in dulgenice of the gods. She approached; lightly-almost in a bound-the divine pair,. who were seated upon a rock of malachite veined with gold. * You :hall be beautiful,' said the messen- ger of Yama, ' and bicause of your beauty ,you shall become the wrife of a rich nabobl, who will cast his- treasure at your feet, to. gratify your lightest caprice, Rejoice. The soul of the bayadere seemed to tremble as if in excess of joy; she cast a rapid glance about her, upon the shubbery of jade and toiquaise, upon all the-rich jewels which formed the floral embellishments of the valley thinking, - no doubt, that' she would find similar ones on earth with which to~ adorn. herselLf Necklaces, bracelets, and girls; should be hera, and Jewels ~sbould hang in, clusters frou the ends of her long and flow ing hair. Nevertheless, before giving het final acceptance, she asked: -Will he be young, this rich nabob whonm. Iam to wed 1' 'He-will be three .times youw age- but that is nothing. Rejoice ; for after he has loaded you with gifts, he must die. He will: leave you mistress of a colossal fortune, free to choose a new husband, and this second one shall be young and very noble of coun- tenainee.' ' Shall I bear him children ' ' Both your -husbands-the young as well as the old-must leave you childless.' -The bayadere's countenance fell; her look of desolation was pitiable. 'C Olhildless !' she repeated; still this dis- honor! And turning abruptly away, she disappeared, faltering : 'To live without the joy of maternity is no life.' The emerald angel looked at the benevo lent goddess with a mocking smile. 'There,' said he, 'ias a refusal -you certainly did not anticipate, good mother. An old husband to make her rich and to grant all her wishes; a young one to gratify her tastes. It is not easy to understand this. Is your spx still capricious, even in this empire of ghosts : ' If the tree accursed with barn eun.s could speak, Goupta, you would have its an swer, 'Sterility is dishonor.' For woman the case-is even more-dreadful. Brahma the divine, by an ineffable gift, decreed' from the first day of the world's existenee, ~o. share: with women the faoulty of ereating. Almost from-her cradle she thrills with an aspiration to maternity. Even yet an infant is she already a mother: Poor bayadere ! I under stand her refusal.' 'Very well,' replied Chitra- Goupta, 'but in the me-an time we run the risk of not find, ing a soul who wishes to leave this valley.. We have tried without success, the old der vish and the young bayadere-now let us 'uidertake the case of this whilom prince,. who but lately olung to the hopeless longing for rank and power. Ambition, thirst for gl'ory are the moving impulses of his class this time I am. sure of acceptance,' arid with a gesture he called. to him the soul whose turn had come. .' Rejoice,' cried Gouipts, as the shade ap proached, 'rejoice, and thank the gods you shall be king.' ' King ! replied the soul with a shudder. 'In the olden times it-was to a degree en durable-to-day the position is a sad and cruel one. To make one's-selfthe executioner of one's own family, for the purpose of standing well before his people; to merit the chastidement of heaven, and the contempt of men-only to become at last the vassal or prisoner of the European invaders. What a fate M Iy uncle, the- powerful sovereign of. Deccan, forced me to buni out ny eyes, .that.his Pope!?hquad- no-- think . worthy to succeed him. And he died--howt The humble. dependent of the English king ! Better were it to be born in he llamble. cabin of a pariah than on the golden steps that lead to the throne of Delhi.' 'There is. more danger. hban) Ibelieved; since even kings decline the offer,' murmured the minister of Yama. SWe are only half way yet, pleaded Schi9 tala, ' let us go on.' Of the two souls who followed,,one was offered the body of a banker not too. 'upu lous in his" method of acquiring wealth, and . who, gaining fortune, should at the same (time fall a victim to a serious illness, so that he could but rarely'leave a bed of pain. 'The other was destined to enter iho body of a laborer, whose outdoor life vrould give him the inestimable blessing of health, life and strength.. To"be,' said one,' at the sanme time in Shealth and adversity ! What is,:that but to possess a good stomach only as an abiding ,place for the demon of hunger ' Wealth 'and suffering,' quoth the other, , 'a mantle df gold flung upon the shoulders of.~ corpse.' And both refused. ' What have you to say . now, _chitala-, asked the emerald angel .with an air of Striumph. ' Do 'you still think it wise and just to instruct .men concerning the fate life '.holds for them, and to leave them free to Tchoose or.reject their new birth ' With this state of things, I repeat, the land would soon -be depopulated. Thanks to.the imprudent "prayer-: you have addressed" t Brahmra, Sthere are already .upon ..earth five poor mothers bewailing the loss of their stillborn infants.' BSeeing the . good .Schitala covered with shame :and bowing-_er head in Silence, he added: S' $eed ne, :Schitala,-let us go no further -for the last soul left us to consult iill msurely, and with reason this time, return,at ,.once to the lake.' Opening his book, he _prepared. to draw a line through. the six names .written therein, but the remaining soul, finding herself alone, did not await his summons, and silently ap .proached the block of maiachite. By her mournful step, 'her drooping head, .one could plainly read that the memories of ,her life awoke within her breast only sad and melancholy impressions. This was the ghost ofa poorb. girl of Labor,. who had in life a *grevious lot to endure. Far removed from ?the pleasures which rank, .fortune and power 'present, she had been the sole support of an aged and helpless mot.her. When, at last, "Adisanb, the God of Unhappiness, had seemed iplacated by her resignation, and love, with its promises of happiness and consolaiog n smiled upon her, her wedding morning shone =upon her dead-poisoned by a venomous ser vant.' ' Poor creature.! You are. fatally pre-des .tined,'- murmured the angel. .' I cannot say -to you as to the others, Rejoice.' I cannot offer you in your :new life anything but pain and privation.' These two souls who but now ,were before -me refused their transmigration because they-eould not= possess both health sndfoxt?pe--for you I can promise neithfer the one.nor the other. You must e.?.d:e fboth pvrty ' and suffering. Do you actet tIle ait liar place. Deeids4 \- The sde, making no motion towards the .lake, stood silent and attentive, as if' iu hope Tthat orpe further revelation mightsoften the cruelty of tlie wordsshe:ad already lis epedto. ' Alas ! alas 1 said;i tirn good Schitala ,profonhdly'touched with pity, 'profit by the .gift of Bramabh, .dear soul; not only through the eontinud-l ailing of your health sjallad rersity. .pursue you :but ~t~e eors of ixces sant and fruitless to g grown feeble and, ibroken, you must ekhaust the remains of your -strength in caring for your invalid hus ;band,. . The young soul started.' ';This husband ;at whose side I must pass my future life in to~il, trouble, and illness-will he lyoe pe.T 'Yes, but no~t you alone. A. rival shall 1be preftrred befpre you; from the ashes of ,your happiness, .barely ~npwn before it:fades 'away, shall come to you new agony- new :suffering more heavy to endure than all the 'reut: 'You will be jealous: . . But I shall love him, thei t' ' You will.love him.' - ' Unto the end?." - - ' Yes, utit the .end.; .for alone of 1f his (wives you will follo hiiii the fiery hprt of his funeral pile.' - , 'Blessed be th.e name of Brahma ! I wouldi liveZ . To tiis cry of love, this passionate expres sion:of. devotion and sel-sac?rithie the cold and silent valley, found a responsive e-ho; 'the ee we're sh4i.ken from their immobility, the phosphoresceqt lights and the diamond fowera shone with redoublq brilliancy, and "all the phantoms dwelling in the shadowy :depths of the lake rose to the surface to wave to their companion a gesture of farewell. But already the benevolent goddess had clasped beneath her purple mantle the poor tender sonl, while Ohitra-Coupta, spreading swiftly his six pairs of wings, too his flight to the seventh superior heaven, .to seek from lndra, the hligh "god, tie annnlment of Brahmns' decree. Indra revoked -the decree; but on .the pagea df his godlen.book he wrote the name of the young" girl oSLahor, and snderneath jthe name of Bayadre. . An exchange states that ' William Stur geon tlie fa'mous electricin, rose rapidly fromi a cobbler's -beihib/ He prolably sat n th siaijr enof the a, '"a. - S'-You don't taste any veal .about them ohickeri balls, said the restaurant proprie tor, with conscious- rectitude. 'No, indeed' .a3-s.nted the customer; whas do you make 7em n f ling-tish. - Esmeresla a Longcofhn'a parent ,sys tO young Mr Staylate I ' I may be an old ..n, pad an ugly old man, but if you d' go. home I'll slho you that I still.epo tBo .fire of youth, for I'- fire a youth out q.ths house, and you wil 'be.the youth.' .Vo0ng Str.yJite: ' Mr LoncoIfin, is that a hint for me.to go ' Many a man is the architect of his own fortune but never geta enough ~q4ney to 'Ohinaman whose life w~s heavily inaured, fell from a waggon and :~s l, dly injured, .There was some doubt *to hiit ever getting ketter, and at lenitt.? e of his 6rother hiiamen wvr te to the naunrance company, *', rjeh baf-ed; libeehalf money' ? . . ,' ? .t . ;. " : : , . . ' . . . . ? 