V'i JJ--'-. r AlCiflOHt-Or Whut. ../ t ? Some days ago (gays tho Mudgco Independent) a farmer. .numptl Jfjqrgo, feaiiling in tho vicinity QfiCooyai, renbrtoiV^i JLo\njice that for sovoral nights himsoif a n (t\ th (^inhi ad boon torriflad in.consoquoncoof st^M^p^nfb of which woighed 1J lti.'pontinuallv droning inaido the houso, ap par'ontlyj coming t^^pi tho K)of. ; Strango to eayj! tho. extraordinary ? oceurrortcos aro novor apipa'ront unless : thoimau'a wifo ia in tho room. Tho affair has croatod ntiito a' sonsation, and all ? ? ? . *v %vho. havo visited tho placo,1 sooing for thorii ^ 'sblyes; tho . polico inoludod, poraiat in applying oyidontly appropriato torm 41 ghostly niiesilea,' to tho liugo ' gibbora ' which havo \- ? droppod in tho houag whon tho windows and ? ; . doorahavo' beon'socurod. Tho offoot o ntho pooi vomani' w'ho fools that sho is a victim of an awful vongeatioo, is most tilarriiing.. At times, ?'?'.i ?*?;-. r- whon the missilos aro falling around, doathly , . cbilla: offoot hor wholo aj*atom, and almost pros -tratohor. On ono ovoning fearful to romain in doors, ,tho poor woman sought quiotudo outside ? - , thoihouao, strango to say sovoral . largo stones dropped closo to hor, whilst ono, although falling on somo part of tho body, loft no mark ; in fact / ; ' . ^ was hardly iolt. ,u4 cqjd deathly ohill thon crept ovor hor, and sho ? had to. J)o, takon to the ' firo, -. :::?????? - but without restoring Warmth.- It is an oasy . maHor to convinco suporetitious pooplo of thoso facts, hut when, sceptics go and soo, nnd sit with tho woman and husband in the somo room, and V havo stones dropping around about thom, thoy aro glad 1 to bo rid of such unpleasant asaooi \ i otipna. This was tho oaso whon Mr. Parkes and others wont out at tho solicitation of Largo. Anothor instance :? A largo sizod stono, which foil in tlio ordinary way, struck a child on tho sido of \ tho fnco, ond strango to -say, loft no \- v i . mark, nor did tho child Boom to tako any notico of tho blow, if it cau bo terinod such. Wo, understand that LaTpo has dotorminod to romovo his family from tho placo. TIIE SIYSTEUY ItEitAINS. ' Mudgeb, Tuesday. — Tho myetoriousstonofall ingatLargo's farm nearCooyal is still going on. On Monday last a report carno into town tliat ho loas lLau twonty-fourstono9 dropped on tho pro miaoa. Tho paronts woro away from homo, and tho children woro loft in charge. Whon tho stonoa cotnmoncod to fall tho chihlron mado off to tho houso of a noichbour, narnod M'Cann, and informed him of tho occuyronco. Ho at onco procoeded to Largo's farm.' Ho roports tho abovo having takon placo. Hundreds of pooplo havo visited this placo, and nlllrui that tho i stones hevo como.Jmt tho myatory aa to whoro I thoy comjk) from rbmujb$j unsrlved. 