A Fair Crusader.* CHAPTER XXIV. LIVER OR LOVE? BY WILLIAM WESTALL. JEREMIAH LEWIN. An hour later, Edward Brandon was at Wild Roses, telling his Aunt Mary his errand. She seemed almost stupefied. "George ill !" she exclaimed, "not able to eat! I can hardly believe it. Why, ho is the strongest and healthiest man I ever kuew. Of course he must have a doctor, and though I did say But never mind that, I will go to Fair mead this very afternoon. No wonder wo havo seen nothing of him lately. But why didn't somebody write to mo?" 44 That is more than I can toll you. I only gut home late last night. You will oome imme diately thon P It is very desirable you hhould." 44 Immediately ! I will ask Mrs. Pemberton • let me havo tho phaeton, a>.d I am tureLucy will drive me over." This proposal was ootol on forthwith, and Ned rode with tho ladies to Fairnio td, keeping mostly on Miss Pembercon's side of tbe oarriage, perhaps because his aunt seemed indisposed lur conversation, as in truth she was, her mind being muoh exorcised about ber brother. Ned's account of bim had alarmed her. Her life, moreover, had been so full of sorrow and dis appointment that she was always disposed to expect the worst. 44P00r George!" she thought. "If any thing happens to bim it will bo just like mv luck Tho only relative or frie* d who cares for mo What can it be r Surely not lovo! No ! George Brandon is not the sort of man to di-< of love. Did any man ever die of love ? I doubt it; they haven't it in them. Still, there is something I read it in his faoe tho last time I saw him— when he was at Wild Roses. It may have been liver, but it looked a good deal more like lore Lucy? No! Lucy admires him, and, I daresay, would hare him if he asked her. All the same, she is heart-whole—yet. There would he no cause for him to pine about her. It must be tho other, then. She seemed very quiet and low after he was gone, and on the following day went off to London. Yes, that would explain a great many things. He didn't deny it either, only said something about the absurdity of supposing he oould fall in love with a married woman, and so threw me off the scent. Absurd perhaps, but unfortunately not impossible, and never was if the decalogue is anything to go by! Oh, it is just like a male creature to go and lose his heart to a not hor man's wife, above all a convict's wife—when he has a wholo world of single women to pick and choose from! If it is so, something must bo done, or there will be further trouble. But, after all, that cannot be the oause of his illness. George is too much of a man to lose his appetite for any woman. I must see him and hear what the dootor says, and then I shall have to put on my considering cap." Bhe did soe hira, and was app-tllod to find what a portentous change a few days had wrought iv her brother's nppn-iration. His limbs were visibly shrunken, Ins chucks hollow, and his voico was weak and nhaky. 44 Not soo a doctor!" she oit claimed 44 Only a temporary loss of appetite ! Ymi will be all right in a few days! You mean, I suppose, that you will be in your coffin. Don't you see, you foolish boy, tbat this inability to eat is an effect, not a cause, probably tho effect of a vory simple cause. A doctor worth his salt would tell you what it is in five minutes, and cure you in as many days. I suppose you don't want to die P" George laughed faintly, and admitted tbat he had no particular wish to join the great majority just yet. "Woll, thon, you must have a doctor at once. Which shall it be P There are two at Fairmead. Doctor Sand ford, a practitioner of tho old school, intensely respectable, prosy and orthodox, and extremely popular with nursing mothers and little babies. Tho other, Doctor Mostyn, is a young fellow almost fresh from college, but very scientific and that, and he has the reputation of being clever. 441 give in, Mary; noose trying to resist you," said George with a sigh. "It is very kind of you, I am sure, to give me a choico <-f masters, for when onco you call in a doctor your liberty is gone. Send for tho young follow by all moans. He is on his promotion, aud will doubtlesß do his level best to pull me round as soon as possiblo; and that prosy pompous chap lam sure I cannot abide. He came when I hurt my ankle." " You arc right. Ladies' doctors arc my abo mination ; they are too glib, smooth, and oily to be clever. If my poor boy were only here and in his right mind ! For, whatever may be his faults of conduct, nobody can deny that he is olever. I shall send Ali for Doctor Mostyn, then?" •The right of publication in Queensland of "A Fair Crusader" has been paxchased by the Brisbane fTewspaper Company, Limited. 44 Do. He will no doubt want to look at ray tongue, auscultate my heart, sound my liver, and all that sort of nonsonse, besides asking me no ond of ridiculous questions, and the sooner I get it over the better." Ali waß sent off fortWith^-nothtng loth— nnd found tbe dootor at home, who, as George had suggested, being on his promotion and keenly solicitous for patbnts, lost no time in responding to tho summons. A young man ho was, but rather portly -withal, and affecting a gravity of manner more befitting fifty or sixty years than the six or seven and twenty he had actually attained, yet possessing in full measure two qualities without which a physloiau, how over learned in theory, is of very little uso in praotico—sympathy and a faculty for quick observation. 44 You are suffering from dyspepsia," he said, after asking his patient a few questions. " That is quite clour. There is also considerable ner vous disturbanco. I cannot say as rou<h for tho cause, though. Your liver seems quite healthy, and there is nothing in your habits .. Did you ever have anything1 of tho s rt before ?" " Nover been off my food or unable to sleep at nights in my life before, nnd the last night or two I have hardly slept a wink." 44 Nover knew you hsd either stomach or norves, in fact," said Mostyn, with a smile. 4'Strange! Dyspepsia generally comes on gradually, and gives a man ample warning before it assumes so severe a form. However, I think wn shall soon have you all right—always prov'il d y v strictly f How my injunctions." 44 Tell me what to do, and I will do it," said Goorgd resignedly; "lam in your hands." " Well, in the first plaoe, you must knock off your morning tea. I shall allow you neither tea nor coffee. Toko, instead, a glass or two of how milk—as early as you like ; then an hour later a fro-hly laid egg, beaten up with two tcaspnonluls of old brandy. Nover mind whether you like it or not. Swallow it. At noon, another glass or two of milk and a slice or two of cold toast. Wash it down with tho milk, if tho dryness of your mouth prevents you from swal lowing. I shall also i-cnd you a mixture whioh you must txko as directed, and about the middle of the day I will see you again. For supper to-night, tho yolk—mind, ouly tho yolk—of a lightly boiled egg. I mean that y»u must mako yourself tako it, however disagreeable it msy bo, as if it were medicine, iv fact." "So it will lie," said George wearily. "That is the strange part of it: I hare no desire for food whatever; the mere Btnell of it nauseates me, aud eating is a painful operation. However, I will follow your directions to the letter, and see what oome-- of it. Bat it will be a trial, going without my tea. It is the only thing I care for." Mrs. Minton, who had been anxiously waiting to hear the result of the examination, waylaid tho doctor on he was leaving th*- house. 44 Well," she said, " what do you think? Is ho as ill as he looks—dangerously ill, I mean— or is it just a severe attack of indigestion P" " I do not think your brother is in any immediate danger," answered Dootor Mostyn gravely and cautiously, " but I cannot say there is no cause for anxiety. If the malady had been allowed to go on a few days longer unchecked—if you had not called anybody in, I mean—the consequence might have been very serious." 44 But jrou think now P" 441 think now that with care we may have him all right in a few days. But I am not infallible, you know, and it is a queer and, in some respects, rather a mysterious oase." 44 Queer and mysterious?" 441 mean that, though the diagnosis presents no particular difficulty, the cause of your brother's illness is decidedly obscure. I was remarking only the other day that I hardly ever saw a man of more splendid vitality, or with an apparently sounder constitution. His habits, too, seem to have been most regular, and he never had dyspepsia in his fife before. Yet this attack comes on, so far as I can learn, without any preliminary symptom or assignablo oauM. I nan only suppose that he has eaten, without knowing it, something extremely indi festible— perhaps gon6 on eating it several ays. Howevtr," smiling, " the cause is a secondary matter; our present concern is to cure him. Who looks aftor him ?" " My -di-tor-in-law, Mrs. Brandon, exercises a w>rt of gineral superintendence, I ladi-'ve. Sho is iv town to-day;-but Ali, my brothur'a Indian Hervnnt, is really liis ntirs-i, and taken butter earo of hin than any womun, or, at any rate, any womau in this house, could or would do." " Good! It is to Ali I must givo my directions, then. Shall I have the pleasure of seeing you horo to- morrow, Mrs. Minton?" " Very likely. I shall certainly come every day until my brother ia better, whether Mrs. Brandon likes it or not." Dr. Mostyn looked surprised, but he was too discreet to a«k questions which concerned neither himself nor bis patient, and shortly after wards he went his way. Mary was not long in following his example. She had no particular wish to see Rufine, who might now be back at uuy moment, and her conscience rather pricked her for keeping Lucy Pcmbotton waiting so unconscionable a timo. But Mary's misgivings on this score wero quito unnecessary, that young woman having passed a very pleasant hour with Ned in the billiard room and garden. The drive home was rather slow—in more senses than one, for the old cob never wont at a very tearing pace—and Mary was too much occupied with her thoughts to care about talking; and Lucy, guessing her friend's wishes, did not ply her with many questions. When thoy were about a mile from Wild Roecs, and in a part of tho forest where tho trees, meeting overhead, lend to tho scene— especially when the sun is low or the day gloomy—a weird and melancholy aspect, a man came out of the thicket, some fifty yards lower down, and after pausing a few seconds in the middle of the road glided again into the wood. "Good heavens!" exclaimed Mary, clutching her companion's arm. " That man—did you— did you see?" 44 Yes, I saw a man. Nothing alarming in that, I hope P He was clothed, and no doubt in his right mind, and vanished as suddenly as ho appeared." 41 That man, Lucy, is my poor boy—my husbaud, I mean—or his ghost. I saw the face distinctly. Chaptfh XXV. A HANDO** SHOT. When Mrs. Brandon returned from town, about an hour after Mrs. Minton had left Fair mead, sho did not seem at all pleased with tho turn which things had taken during her absence. 44 You mwht have waited till I camo book," sho said to Ned. "Excuse mo, mater, but I really don't sco why. And as both my father and yourself thought somebody should bo oulled in, and I could not prevail on Georgo mysolf, I went for Aunt Mary. Everybody knows sho has more iufluenco over him than anybody else." 44 Ah, you think so," said Rufino with an ill-concealed sneer. 441 am suro. The proof of the pudding is in tho eatiny*. Aunt Mary came and tho doctor has been." 44 What dootor? I wanted to see him myself. Your uncle is in my ohurgo, remember. You sent for Dr. Sandford, of course?" 441 sent for n-ibody; but Ali, I presume by his master's orders, fetched Mostyn, and Mostyn came, and will no doubt come again," answered Ned. warmly; for his stepmother* msnner wss evon more offensive than her matter. Sho seemed to be in a state of great nervous irritation. '' They should havo sent for Sandford. Why didn't thoy send for Sandford?" 44 Probably because Georgo considers Sand ford an old woman—and he is quite right. I wouldn'4. let him doctor a consumptive oat — unless I wanted it to die." " That is what you tbink. And this otbfcr man, Dr. Moetyn, what does ho say ?" 44 That George is suffering from a severe bout of dyspepsia and some nervous derange ment ; but that he will have him right iv a few days." "Oh! he says that, does heP Well, lot mo toll you tbat he is wrong, this olever dootor of yours. Ho does not understand tho case. I tell you George Brandon will not get better in a few days—perhaps never." 44 You did not say so this morning. You seemod to think there was not much the matter with him. Perhaps you don't want him to get better." A random shot, but it told. Rufine drew in her horns immedistelr. 441 spoke hastily,'' she answered. " I was so exoitod at the idea of poor George being im properly treated that I knew not what I was saying. How oan you be so cruel P Not want Georgo to get bettor! Why, I would almost give my life for him. Noxt to your father there is no one I so muoh respect. That is why I am so vexed they sent for this very young man, in whom, I frankly admit, I have no confidence." 44 Young! Why, he is eight-and-twenty if he is a day, and serious enough for seventy." 44 Well, twenty-eight is young for a doctor. However, if I am wrong, tant mieux. It will be all the bettor for poor dear George. Time will show who is right, and I shall be only too glad if I am wrong. ' It seemed as if Rufine was likely to have abundant reasons for gladness. When Dr. Mostyn oamo on the following day, h- found a decided improvement in his patient's condi tion. _ George had taken bis mixture, drunk his milk, eaten four eggs instead of two, and two slices of toa«t instead of one, and was now anxiously waiting to know what else he might eat; and feeling, as he said, ready to tackle a beef steak or even a small leg of mutton. The young dootor looked pleased; the cor rectness of his diagnosis was being proved by the success of his treatment. 44 Itisaslthought,"hesaid, with a grave satis faction, in almost ludicrous contrast with his years. "You were suffering quite as much from inanition as from dyspepsia. You were sick and sleepless becaat-e your stomach hod nothing to do. There are occasions when it is necessary to force oneself toeat. But Idon't think I can allow you to eat a leg of mutton at a sitting just yet; you are still very weak, and wo must proceed cautiow-ly, or your second condilinu will be worse than your fii>t." And thon ho gave such further directions as ho thought necessary. One was to ooutinuo taking the mixture, which, it may be as well to mention, Dr. Moetyn prepared in his own surgery. 441 suppose I may go out for an hour or two?" asked George. 4-Certaiuly not-at any rate to-day. The quieter you remain for tho present the better. I don't think you have any idea bow weak you are. You could no more walk down stairs than you oould fly to the moon. A few days more and you would have been unable to rise from your bed, and your recovery might have been an affair of weeks." , 44 Can you account for it yet?" 44 Not altogether. Even if you have unwittingly eaten something extremely in digestible, that would not sufficiently oxplain all your symptoms. Have you had any severe mental shock, or serious anxiety—about busi ness, for instance?" 44 Yes. I have hod both, though the cause is quite unconnected with business. Still, I don t tbink—l mean, if I may speak frankly, that I am not the sort of man—that I have too much common sense and sacoir fairc to let my self be physically prostrated by a disappoint ment, however great." 44 No, you do not look like a man who is much given to despondency. The disappoint ment might be a contributory cause, but it conld hardly be the efficient causo." " Very slightly the cause, I should ssy: for it exists yet—the anxiety, I mean ; but, as you see, I am better, tbanks'to your treatment." " Yes. After all, the cause must be mainly physical, and it cannot be wrong to go on as we have begun. Continue the milk and eggs; eat also some fruit, and you may have a mutton chop or some roast fowl for dinner; but, what ever you do, keep quiet, and worry yourself as little as may be." CHAPTER XXVI. A LETTER FROM LEWIN. 44 Not worry my self!" soliloquised George when the doctor was gone. "All vory fine ; but how am I to help worrying? And the quieter lam the worse I am. He may say what he likes, but if I feel as muoh bet er to morrow as I feel to-day, I will have either a drive or a ride before the week is over." Nevertheless, George could not help feeling that ho had not been quite as candid with Dr. Mostyn as ho ought to havo been. The disap pointment, as ho called it, lay heavier on George's soul than he liked to own Sinoe his memorable intorviow with Evolyn in tho forest ho kad hardly known a moment's peace. His moods varied from the extremity of depression to paroxysms of rage. He had a shrowd sus picion that, after all, the oauso of his illness was more moral and mental than physical, though ho did i.o'. want anybody to think so, nnd he was glad that Mostyn had not questioned him moro closely. His disquiet and anxiety wero aggra vated by Kvelyn'B silence. There was no par ticular reason why she should write to him; thero were perhaps good reasons why she should not write to him, for albeit he had asked her to be his mistress, and was by no means resolved that ho should not ask her again, he had a morbid dread of injur ing her reputation, or doing anything that might compromise her with her friends. 44 How could I look Somers in the face?" he thought. " How tell thorn in India? If . . We would go to some foreign oountry and never set foot in England again. Curse that follow. I wish I had him by the throat. No, it wouldn't be murder. But there is no chance of that. I see no way out of it, no gleam of light anywhere. . . . Had I not better givo it all up, and go baok to India before worse happens ?" He knew quito well that he should do nothing of the sort, that he oould not givo Evelyn up if he would, and would not if he could. But, whatover might be the cause, he was in a condition of oxtrotne nervous agitation ; tho woakness of his body poemod to havo a reflox action on his mind, and he, who had nev- r before known what it was to halt between two opinions, resolved one hour only to rue tho next. His irresolution extended even to the merest trifles. It was with tho greatest difficulty that he oould decide whether he would lunch on a mutton chop or roast fowl, and he ended by ordering both, deferring his final decision until he should see them both before him on the table. Rather to his surprise ho suocceded in demolishing one and part of the Jther, and, feeling thereafter better in body and muoh less miserable in mind, ho thought he would read his letters. He had glanoed at th' ir outrides earlier in the day, but, not seeing any hand writing that looked like Evelyn's, did not tako tho trouble to open them. The first he took np was from General Somers, asking him to dinner on the following Monday. 44 I'll go, of oourse," murmured George, " if only on the off-chance of seeing Evelyn or hearing something about her." There were two other invitations, ono to dit nor from an old Bombay acquaintance, who lived at the West End, and a third to a garden party at Bar-net. George laughed. 44 A nice figure I shou"d out at agarlen party," he thought, as he took up a thi'd letter. " Why, I look like a scarecrow and totter as I walk. I should frighten them all. Who is this from, I wonder P Never had a letter from this ohsp before. Ah! Lewin. . . . Gad!— Can It be true P Have I read it aright P" Then, after reading the letter through again, and Btill again, until every word of it was burnt into his brain, he uttered a cry of exulta tion and sprang to his feet, but, unable to stand from weakness and excitement, ho sank back trembling into his chair, bent his head, nnd, for tho first time sinoe his childhood, wept. His ton days' illness had not only paralysed his will but well-nigh reduced him to the condition of a hysterical woman. The letter ran thus:— Dear Sir.—l have received some highly important news conorning the convict Conroy, whil h I hasten to communicate to you. As I hinted when I had tbe pleasure of seeing you hero the other day, I have a powerful friend at tho Hi me Otllce, upon wlinni I run always depend to procure for inc. without del iy, full information about prisoners in whom any of my clients may b interested. The very diiy after your visit I put forward an inquiry nbout Conroy, the answer to which I have just received. The communication in question being strictly confidential and, from the official point of view, highly irregular, I am not at liberty either to send you the original document or a copy thereof, but- if you cill hero I shall be glad to show you mv friend's lc'ter —always excepting the signature, which for obvious reasons lam under a pledge not to disclose. I run, however, st»tc the purport of it in a few words. Conroy is Kick and like to die. The medical officer nt Dartmoor reports that he is in nn advanced Mate of consumption, nnd ha* not 1 -ng to live. It would thus nppciir that there is every likelihood of Miss WuWn* being rolicyed from her bonds without the li-lp of tho law, and from that quarter, so far as I have been nblo to ascertain, there was nothing whatever to be hoped. The marriage is unques iotiahly valid. I haveaintnin-d with my friend t<> keep me regularly informed ns to tho progress of Conroy's malady ; and when I henr fr» nt him again I shall* not fa Ito le* you know. 8o far as Conroy himself is eoncemi-d, death would Is* v happy release; for to a man of education, such as he. who has played a part in tbe world and occupied a good position in society, penal servitude, is a punishment really womo than hantrincr. I am, dear sir, Your obedient servant, [to be contihued.] Professor Karl Pearson, of University College, London, intends to publish a volume of essays expressing views of an advanced kind on social questions. Mr. Edwin Arnold, C.5.1., the author of 44 The Light of Asia," has in preparation a volume of poems which will contain original pieces. One of these, "In an Indian Temple," is a dialogue between an English official, a nautch dancer, and a Brahmin priest, and em bodies some Hindoo metaphysics and moral questions in a light lyrical setting, full of Oriental colour. Another, " A Casket of Jewels," brings together in a new form re condite legends connected with precious stones. This volume, which will besides the above em brace many minor poems, will be published in the autumn by Messrs. Triibner and Co. 