GENERAL HEWS. Hanlan leaves for Penrith. at the end of this week. * Gladstone has recovered from his recent ill ness. William O'Brien is. to be compelled to wear the garb of Tullamore prison. Western Axistralia is to have responsible Go vernment, under certain conditions. It is said the new Land Bill will put a million of money into instant circulation for labour. An all-coiners' handicap race in outriggers for ?£110 is shortly to come off on the Parramatta River. It is alleged that the ghost of old Scotch Mary, log jjonui wiLuii, ikis uucu seen em me cniirf two nights successively. With regard to the recent gold find near Dubbo, there is nothing to warrant a rush. One or two small nuggets have been found. At Narrara, near Gosford, on Saturday, Mr. Sydney Smith sold land at the rate of -£200 per acre. At Newcastle a fisherman named Benjamin Asquith was fined .£2 6s Gd for having in his boat two sea-mullet of less weight than Soz. Mr. Abbott stated in the Assembly that, though he was the author of it, he was quite prepared to admit that the Rabbit Act should be repealed. The week ending September 20 was marked by the largest arrivals of Australian wine ever known in the London market. The number of failures in New South Wales during the month of October was 115, with liabilities amounting to .£142,988. The Examiner of Patents (Mr. A. G. Taylor) has prepared a new set of regulations to govern future applications for patents. The footrace at Waratah on Saturday between Bailey and Jas. Rice for ,£100, the distance being 150yds., was won by Bailey. Fuller, the man who murdered Archbishop Seghers, in North America, has been pronounced insane. The Catholic population of Mauritius was at the last census 108,000. The Protestants num ber 8,000. Ti'iu protectionist societies in England are about* to amalgamate and to make a united appeal to the Government for a change in the fiscal policy of the country. The Minister for Justice informed a deputation at Newcastle on Saturday that he would recom mend that a Court [of Quarter Sessions be held at Newcastle in future. Through the upsetting of a canvas dingy in Rushcutters' Bay on Sunday a youth named Leopold Ogilvie, residing at Paddingfcon, was drowned. At the Sedfern Police Court on Saturday Albert King for keeping an illicit still at Darling ton was fined ,£100 or in default six months' im prisonment. The Sisters of St. Agews' Hospital, Phila delphia, recently received a cheque for .£6,250 from the Misses Droxel towards their new build ing. It is proposed to erect an immigrant house in New York for the exclusive use of Poor Catholics. The establishment is to be called the House of Leo, in memory of the Pope's Jubilee. The recent denunciation of the Knights of Labour by the German Catholic Union of Chicago, was, it is said, a complete failure. Several priests present told the Union that they had nothing to -)n vjihh i~.hp. kni elites. The Philopatrian Catholic Institute of Phila delphia is doing much good for Catholic interests in the United States. The president is Aiex. J. M'Glernan, a prominent merchant, born in Ire land forty-eight years ago A return laid on the table of the Assembly shows that the estimated total loss sustained by the Railway Department through the alleged illegal practices of forwardding agents was ?£25,000 A meeting of the Bonanza syndicate, held at Broken-hill last Friday, empowered Mr. Charlsby to proceed to Melbourne to float the syndicate into a limited liability company of 80,000 shares of £3 each. The Mayor of Sydney (A. J. Siley, M.P.) on Saturday performed the ceremony of turning on the water from the new permanent supply into the city mains and of shutting off the old supply from Botany. Whilst the Eev. Mr. Auld was dilating on gambling at Ashfield last Sunday night, he took occasion to allude to an ' ordinary policeman' winning £5000 on the Melbourne Cup. Perhaps the broadcloth envied the gentleman in blue. However, he expressed himself ' shocked.' The Premier says the Government desire to dispose of the Railway Bill and the Land Bill financial statement will be made the last Wed nesday in this month, and then a property tax will be introduced and the Estimates considered. A petition was last Saturday presented to the Colonial Treasurer requesting that the Govern ment would not carry out the proposal to close the Queen's bond at Albury. Mr. Burns, in reply, spdd he Avould cause an inquiry to be made on the subject. A upnuwcoTAWAT. cc «wnvrl Hrtrallnmni'' -narnnA Charles Middleton was admitted to the 8yd nsy Hospital on Friday suffering from internal injuries caused by the introduction to his stomach of a 2ft. Gin. sword. He is not expected to re cover. Mr. Gladstone reviews at some length Dr. Ingrain's 'History of the Irish Union' in an able article contributed to the current number of the Nineteenth Century. His tone is condemnatory of the course of action by which the Union was forwarded and carried, and he prominently points out the corruption, intimidation, and cruelty practised by the Government of the d;;.y to carry and general sentiment of the country was totally against the passing of the Act. Incredible as, it may appear, it is not impro bable (pays the Boston Pilot) that Ignatius Donnelly's coming book will prove by demon stration that Lord Bacon wrote Shakespeare's playa, and that William Shakespeare, or Shaks psre, was a move jtool and figurehead. Mr. Donnelly claims to have discovered Bacon's cypher (he was a master of cypher) in which he wrote the story of the deception, concealing it in the text of the piays. At any rate the book will be a literary gensatioHc TnE Imperial authorities say that Captain Cook's ship Endeavour is not now in existence. The St. James' Gazette says that South Aus tralia iain a condition of sheer insolvency. It is expected that an arrangement may be made with the British postal authorities lor a through 3d postal rate to Australia. Future Governors of South Australia are to be liable to the payment of income and other local taxation. At the Redfern Police Court on Tuesday Charles Annis, a publican, was fined .£5 and costs for supplying an aboriginal with liquor. The new triple alliance between Germany, Austria, and Italy is primarily defensive and aims at the maintenance of European peace. Five fatal cases of diphtheria are reported to the Melbourne Health Board. Two cases of typhoid have occurred, one having proved fatal. The Governor of German New Guinea prohibits general settlement. Settlers possessing capital will be granted five years' leases. Me. W. Connolly, an old resident of Goulburn, year. Judge Dowling considers that Sir Alfred Stephen's Divorce Bill is entirely in favour of women. Pur, ltc holidays will be proclaimed for the 2Gbh, 27th, and 2Sth January for the Centenary cele bration. Mr. F. Abigail, Minister of Mines, has resigned I113 position as a member of the Bulli Disaster Relief Fund. Fifty pounds damages against the Bank of Australia for the dishonour of a cheque on their Stroud branch. In Melbourne on Monday the Hon. W. Robin son's horse Silver Pcince was sold to Mr. Pearson for 1150 guineas. A pleasant place to live in. In Crookwell, near Goulburn, at the present time butter is selling for 4d per lb, eggs Gd per dozen, milk 2d per quart, bread 2d. The New York Tribune ridicules the idea than war would take place between England and America if the labours of the Commission proved futile. The Victorian Railway Commissioners recom mend the payment of £2000 to the widow of driver Maskell, who was killed in the late Windsor accident. Two children named Charles and John Piper were drowned at Sandy Creek (Q.) by the cap sizing of a dingy, near Tivoli, on Saturday evening. A number of Crimean veterans, with Senior Sergeant Dalton at their head, celebrated the an niversary of the Battle of Inkerman in Sydney on Saturday. Another boating fatality occurred in the har bour on Monday, when, owing to the upsetting of n small boat, a man named Richard Stubbs was drowned. The Mayor of Bourko has been requested to convene a public meeting to urge upon the Go vernment the desirability of establishing meat selling depots at Bourke and other railway centres. A ,tubt in the Supreme Court on Tuesday re turned a verdict of £1000 damages against the proprietors of the Macleay Argus for a libel on Charles Sutherland. In the Assembly on Tuesday a motion was passed affirming the necessity of at once insuring greater immunity from risk from fire or panic in places of amusement in Sydney. Me. William Da-y, late returning officer for East Sydney, and a well-known citizen, died at his residence on Tuesday. The deceased gentle man was 62 years of age. Mr. H. E. A. Allan, formerly of the firm of Allan, Street and Norton, solicitors, dropped dead on Tuesday when present at a meeting of the Home Visiting Relief Society. The cause of death was apoplexy. Rear Admiral Fairfax speaks with regret of the fact that the relative position of the British navy compared with that of France is not nearly so good, as it was at the beginning of the cen tury, The ocean mail contract difficulty was settled on Tuesday by the British Government agree ing to pay an annual subsidy of .£95,000 and the Anstralian Governments a subsidy of £75,000. Burglars broke into the shop of Messrs. Robin son, bootmakers, of Bourke- street, Melbourne, on Sunday morning, and on one of the proprietors pursuing them he was shot at. Luckily, how ever, the bullet missed its mark. Among the Sunday ''draws' at the Manly Aquarium is a fight between a seal and young shark ; but it is a one-sided affair, as the shark which, is usually much smaller than the seal, is speedily killed and eaten. The spectacle is not calculated to edify the juvenile visitors. An attempt was made by Mr. Garlick at the Bulli Fund Committee meeting on Monday to pass a number of resolutions in favour of the for were rejected on the ground that there was no power to divert the money to such a purpose. A suicide was committed at the Garden Gully Mine, Sandhurst, Victoria, on Sunday. A man whose name is unknown jumped down tho shaft. He fell a distance of 450 feat, and was stopped by a cage in tho shaft. His mutilated remains were found, next morning1, when the men resumed work. No one witnessed the act. that Botany should not be forgotten in the cele bration of the centenary. Mr. Schey last week asked the following questions in the Assembly : ' Seeing that Botany is the first place disco* ered in Australia, will he include some form of cele bration to take place at that historic spot in the Government proposals for the celebration of the centenary of the colony ? Will he grant any as sistance to a local committee organizing a de monstration for such purpose ?' The Northern Star commenting on the recent passes at the Junior University Examinations says --' All the children sent up from the Lismore Presentation Convent School secured high passes. They are tho Misses Margaret and Ellen Sullivan and Miss Louisa Fisher. We have therefore very much pleasure in congratulating the three young ladies and then- teachers. We live also very glad to learn that Master C. Coghlan (son of our re spected C.P.S.) was likewise very successful at the s;ime examination, and secured the very highest passes in some of his subjects. The three young ladies named, and this young gentleman we're the only candidates from Lismore.' Russia is massing her troops on the AimItSd* border. am»n A new kind of repeating rifle is bciug iutro duced in the German Army. ^ AUW° Fresh anxiety is now beiusf i'alt for the healH, of the Crown Prince of Germany. lth A powerful Anti-Chinese League W !?- formed at Normanton (Q.) & llaj beei* A. man named Stubbs, while boatincr in Hi« Parramatta, on Monday, was drowned ' ' Emperor William of Germany is 'recovering from his illness. & The Americans are talking about sending out whaling vessels to explore the Atlantic. The VVollongong to Kiama section of the Ilk warra railway line was opened on Wednesday The Agricultural Council of Germany con'sidm that it will soon be time to prohibit the imports, tion oE grain into that country. His Excellency the Governor, Lord Carrineton has returned to the metropolis, after his visit to the Victorian capital. It is thought that Australian fruit will sell at good prices in India if shipped to arrive in August, September, and October. The Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain has ar rived in ftew York, in connection with his duties as representative on the Fisheries Commission The Marine Board are satisfied with the state of the lighthouses and pilot-stations, which with one exception nave been round to be iu excellent order. It has been decided to call for fresh tenders for locomotives, with a view of finding whether prices not so much in excess of those from outside would not be accepted. A somewhat serious charge has been made by residents of Moonambol, Victoria, against Mr. Nelson, the head teacher of the State school there'. 'Ihey affirm that he has cruelly punished their children, chastising them without limit. One scholar resented. He kicked the teacher severely on the shins. A New Rush. — The Armidale Chronicle re ports that all sorts of rumours were afloat in Armidale last week concerning a rich find of tin near Boorolong. A quantity of land in the vicinity of the place was taken up, and a number of townspeople left for the scene of the new find. The Record for Shearing. — The highest tally we have heard oi' this season (says the Dubbo Dispatch) comes from the Narrow mine shed (Messrs. Mack and Austin's), 202 full-fleeced ewes in eight and a-half hours, by S. Williams of Dubbo. Ihe work was not scamped either, but executed to the full satisfaction of the shed ' boss.' Shamrock Club. — A general meeting was held on Monday, Mr. M'Guinnes, president, in the chair. The manager's report being read and adopted, six new members were elected. The proposed brass bam I was then discussed, and it was unanimously resolved that young Irishmen who understand music and not connected with the club be requested to communicate with the secretary. Several donations Avere handed in towards the Michael Dwyer Memorial fund. Honesty Vert Much Rewarded. — One day during last week a poor, hard working man named Pinson was going along the Bondi-road and found a Chinaman in the act of picking up a coat which had evidently been dropped a short time before. Pinson claimed the coat, and on searching the pockets fond that it contained £900 in notes and gold. He at once net about finding out the rightful owner, and, succeeding in his efforts, he gave up the money, after receiving which the owner bestowed the liberal reward of one shilling on Pinson, and thought it was a suffi cient reward. It is needless to say Pinson d eclinad to accept the proffered coin. A Plucky Policeman. — A collision occurred on Monday last in King-street, near the Supreme Court, between a Potts Point 'bits and a cab, and the cab horse bolted. Constable Patrick Burke, who has earned quite a name for himself for his courage and coolness in stopping runaway horses, was fortunately near at hand, and at the risk of his life he sprang at and caught the cab horse while the ' fiery steed ' was plunging like mad down thickly-crowded King-street. Mr. Justice Deffell, who was in the cab at the time, and several legal gentlemen who were witnesses of the occurrence, complimented Burke on his plucky conduct and promised to bring the matter before the proper authorities. We learn that constable Burke has since been promoted. A Curious Cheque Case. — A case was tried a few days since under the Master and Servants Act, before Messrs. T. C. M'Kell, police magistrate, and Thos. Lean, J.P., in which a shearer named Livingstone suedC. R. M'Pherson, of Paddington, under somewhat unusual circumstances. From the evidence it appeared that Livingtone had performed work to the amount of .£25, and re quested a settlement. Mr. M'Pherson offered him which Livingstone refused, on the ground that in cashing the cheque he would be charged i per cent, exchange. He was willing to accept the cheque with the exchange added. This was re fused him, whereupon he gave 14 days' notice to be paid in cash. The cheque was again offered and refused ; hence the present case. The Bench decided the case in favour of the defendant, hold ing that plaintiff shouid have accepted the cheque, and sued for the exchange afterwards. 