FICTION. From English, American, and Other Periodicals. FAITHFUL TO THE END. CHAPTER III. "THERE'S NOTHING HALF SO SWEET IN LIFE AS LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM." "No one is so accursed by fate. No one so utterly desolate. But some heart although unknown, Beats responsive to its own." It was evening when the steamer reached Balti- more; but, much to the dismay of both Uldene and Verlie, there was no one at the wharf to meet them. It is beyond words to describe the consternation of the two girls upon finding themselves alone in a large city, and the shadows of night drawing on. " Oh, Uldene, what shall we do ?" said Verlie faintly " I feel so frightened. I wish we had not come." " There is only one thing to be done," said the philosophical Uldene, "and that is to inquire where the right depot is, and get there the best way we can and take the train." The wharf was crowded with the usual bustling throng, rushing hither and thither in wild con- fusion, and Uldene gazed around in bewilderment wondering to whom she should address her inquiry every one seemed in so much of a hurry. *' Excuse me; but I could not help overhearing your conversation", said a young man, close by Uldene's elbow, and who had been watching them, intently for the last ten minutes. " I am going to the depot in question. I should be delighted in being of some service to you by showing you the way." Both girls glanced up with a start of surprise, and saw, bowing low before them, a very handsome young man. They were too inexperienced to know that the handsome stranger's attire was too flashy to become a gentleman, or read the character unerring Nature had stamped on his face. " Oh, sir, if you would be so kind as to show us the way, we should be very thankful, indeed," replied Verlie, modestly. A slow smile flitted across his dark, mustached face. " It is not very far; still we will take a hack," he said, offerings one arm to Uldene, the other to her companion. Leaving them at the end of the platform, he crossed over to the hack stand, and, after a few moments' colloquy with the driver, returned for them and conducted them to the vehicle, helping in Uldene, first, then Verlie, and was about to follow himself, when a startling event happened. In a single instant two blue-coated denizens of the peace sprang forward, one at the horses' heads, the other to the stranger's side, and in a twinkling a pair of steel bracelets adorned his white shapely hands. There was a simultaneous scream from both Uldene and Verlie as they beheld their escort struggling desperately in the arms of a burly police- man, and heard the officer say : " We have been searching for you many a day, my fine fellow. I am grateful we were on the wharf, eye-witnesses to what occurred between you and these two young girls, and have had the pleasure of intercepting this little trip ; otherwise you would have succeeded in deliberately abducting them." Uddene and Verlie would have sprung from tbe coach and fled in terror, but the bluff old policeman bade them keep their seats, declaring, as he handed over his manacled prisoner to his mate, that he himself would see them to the depot and put them on the train for Washington. It was some time before either of the girls could recover from the fright caused by this startling ex- perience. " Of course, you did not know," said the officer, kindly and soothingly. " Unsuspecting young girls never dream of the mischief that may lie behind a stranger's polite attentions. At all public places we see the placards—'Beware of pickpockets'; but there should be quite as many bearing the warning—' Beware of stranger's for the benefit of the innocent and unwary. I hope this may be a lesson to you both. Be chary of asking advice or accepting the assistance of strange gentlemen." " We will," declared Verlie, eagerly. At that moment they reached the depot, and were soon ensconced in comfortable seats in the car which was to bear them to the capital. Their new-found friend took the precaution of telegraphing ahead to Mrs. Chester, whose address they had given him, that the young ladies, unat- tended, would reach Washington on the 10.30 express. This time a coach was in waiting at the depot. "A servant was sent down to the wharf at Baltimore to meet you," explained the coachman, " but it seems he missed you there." " It seems like a dream of fairy life," whispered Uldene to her sister, as they were whirled through the brilliantly lighted streets of the gay capital. Both Uldene and Verlie had quite expected that the lady whose acquaintance their parents, so familiarly claimed must be some motherly sort of person, living in some unpretentious home; and they were quite shocked when the coach stopped before a brilliantly lighted palatial residence, by far the most magnificent on the avenue. " The driver must have made a mistake," cried Uldene, in great bewilderment. "Mrs. Chester does not live here. It is quite impossible." Mrs. Chester did live there, and was waiting on the marble step to receive them, as the carriage dashed up to the kerb-stone. Beside her stood a tall young girl, whom it would have been no flattery to have called hand- some, had it not been for the sneering smile that played about the full red lips, and the cold, polished light that gleamed in her large gray eyes. "It is really too bad, auntie," she was saying softly, " that these country girls should have thrust their presence upon us at this particular time, of all others. It will be intensely mortifying to—" " Hush, Dora," interrupted Mrs. Chester, in a low, pained voice. "You must remember Mark Sefton, their father, once saved my darling Rutledge's life. We must show our gratitude by receiving his daughters with all possible kindness. They are, in all probability, shy and awkward ; but you must do your best to make the timid young strangers feel perfectly at home with us, if you wish to study my wishes in this matter." The scorn upon Dora Challoner's face deepened. She watched her aunt descend the steps to meet them, then her eyes wandered impatiently down the avenue again. A moment later, and Mrs. Chester had led the two young girls up to her. " Dora, my dear niece," she said, " you must help me to welcome our guests. This one," nod- ding toward the slender figure on her right, " is Verlie Sefton, and this is her sister Uldene. They are to remain during the winter season with us." Dora raised her eyes, and saw standing before her two of the most beautiful visions of girlhood she had ever beheld—one fair as a lily, the other like a dark, glowing damask rose. Her face grew white as marble, and the one swift thought that swept through her heart was : " What will Rutledge think when he sees them ? Life would be all over for me if his heart should go out to the one or the other." She recovered her composure by a violent effort, and welcomed them, yet instinctively feeling that one or the other would be her rival. Dora took them up to the pretty boudoir which they were to occupy jointly, and in an hour's time the three young girls were warm friends, to all appearances. Thus a week passed that was like a dream of heaven to both Uldene and Verlie. At the end of that time Dora was called away to the bedside of a dying relative, and two day's later Verlie came rushing into her sister's boudoir with the startling intelligence that Rutledge Chester had returned suddenly and unexpectedly from Europe. The dark head, running over with curls, was lifted suddenly from the ruffled pillows, and Uldene's dark, velvety eyes expanded wider. This was early in the morning, and Uldene was not an early riser. "Did yon see him? And what is he like ?" she asked, all in a breath, with all of a young girl's curiosity. Verlie looked perplexed; then her face brightened. " He looks very brave and good," she said. A shrill peal of laughter, half impatience, broke from Uldene's red lips. " What a description !" she cried. " What I want to know is whether he is fair like the Saxon king, or dark, like the picture of Romeo or Sir Launcelot. Is he short or tall, wicked or good, gay or quiet, clever or stupid ?" " Oh, he is not stupid ; anything but that", declared Verlie, warmly. "I saw him but a moment, as he passed the vestibule into the drawing-room; caught but one imperfect glimpse of a tall figure, broad-shouldered and manly; a rather haughty face, whose principal charm was a pair of large dark eyes, a dark moustache, and dark hair. He looks to be about six-and-twenty." "Your glimpse seems to have been a pretty thorough scrutiny," declared Uldene, laughing immoderately. " I suppose we shall meet the ogre at the breakfast-table." Verlie blushed deeply but did not reply. When the two sisters came down stairs they were met at the door of the morning room by Mrs. Chester, flushed with excitement, and happy tears shining in her eyes. " I have had a wonderfully pleasant surprise, my dears," sho said. "My son Rutledge returned unexpectedly this morning. Come and be presented to him before we go to breakfast." A tall, handsome, young man rose from an easy chair by the window as Mrs. Chester and the young ladies entered. Neither Uldene nor Verlie could ever remember in what words that presentation was made. Verlie's sweet dimpled face was crimson with blushes as he bowed low before them. Uldene's was strangely pale, and her great, dark, wondrous eyes never left his handsome face. And that was the beginning of one of the most pitiful stories ever recorded, and which ended in a tragedy. Sweet, golden-haired Verlie and dark-eyed, pas- sionate Uldene might have had a pleasant enough life of it if their paths had not been crossed by this handsome young man. The coming doom that wrecked a soul might have been averted if Uldene had but heard the story of her life from Mark Sefton's lips, which held the solemn warning : " She must never love, for she must never marry." CHAPTER IV. A RIVAL'S BITTER JEALOUSLY Rutledge Chester acknowledged the introduction to the two beauties by a low bow. He was a little bewildered. He had never before seen two such young girls. He thought the golden-haired fairy the sweetest and fairest, yet the dark, glowing, tropical beauty of the girl who stood by her side dazzled him. "What do you think of the Senator's son, Verlie ?" cried Uldene, breathlessly, when the two girls found themselves alone. " Is he not grand? No other word would suit him. Do you like him ?'' Verlie turned aside quickly, but not before Uldene had seen a vivid flush pass over her face; and that did not quite please her. "He is very agreeable," said Verlie. "I can better answer the question if I like him when I have known him longer and better." " What a strange, cold nature yours is, Verlie", cried Uldene, impatiently. " I always make up my mind the first instant I meet persons, whether I like them or hate them." " First impressions are not always correct ones," said Verlie. The two girls brought with them an atmosphere of youth and gaiety to Senator Chester's stately home. No day passed without some amusement Grand dinner parties were given in their honor, to which the élite of the city were invited, balls were given, sleighing parties were formed, and parties to concert and theatre. And in all these festivities it so happened that Rutledge Chester was always the escort of both of his mother's lovely guests. This did not please Uldene. Secretly she was wishing, from the depths of her heart, that Verlie had remained at home. Two months rolled by on golden wings—months that were destined never to be forgotten by both Verlie and Uldene—and at the end of that time strangers began to see what the stately Senator and his wife never dreamed of—that both of their beautiful guests loved their handsome son. But it was quite impossible to decide which—if either—would be Rutledge Chester's choice. He seemed to have a kindly liking for beautiful Uldene. He laughed with her, talked with her, hung over the piano when she sung tender, eloquent love ballads, enjoyed her satire, admired her constant animation, for it was impossible to feel dull where this beautiful, brilliant beauty was ; but it was un- certain whether he loved her. Many thought that he preferred the pure and gentle girl whose face was like a sunbeam, and whose voice was like music. He talked less to Verlie ; but there was quite another expression on his face when he addressed her—one of the deepest reverence. Verlie Sefton, often sitting in the solitude of her own room, would allow her thoughts to drift dreamily back over the two months she had passed in the senator's home. Whether Rutledge Chester liked her or not, she could not say ; but she cared for him more than anyone she had ever seen, yet she would have died a thousand deaths rather than that he should guess her secret. The very consciousness that she did care for him made her shy, cold, and reserved with him ; so much so, that at times he left her to seek refuge and amusement with gay Uldene. And how was it with beautiful, passionate, faulty Uldene? It had been " love at first sight" with her. Her heart had gone out to Rutledge Chester when first they met. She had said once in speaking of her- self, that, with her, love would be a fire, not a sentiment. Now, she was to know how true her words were. With such well regulated natures as hers— imperious wilful, yet capable of the highest degree of intense affection°love knows no moderation, no bounds, no medium. Loving Rutledge Chester she had no thought for anyone else. Her ideas her hopes all began and ended with him. Such natures as hers would show little mercy to a rival, if fate chanced to put that rival in her power. Woe betide the person who might come between Uldene and the object of her love. It was the restless torrent of love that destroys all obstacles, that brooks no opposition, that will not be stayed, that dashes impetuously on its way, reaching its limit, let the cost be what it might A fire that destroyed all that opposed its progress, a fire that would consume and burn. Uldene had rightly named it. The knowledge of her love for him came to her suddenly, and was brought about in a strange way. The horses had been brought around to the kerb- stone one morning for an early canter in the park. Mr. Chester and the two girls had set out in the gayest spirits. An hour in the park, in tho keen, frosty air, had brought roses to the cheeks of both Verlie and Uldene, and brightness to their eyes. It was just as they were about turning their horses' heads homeward that a startling event occurred. A squirrel darting across the path, caused Verlie's horse to rear wildly, and before Rutledge Chester could reach out his hand to avert the horrible catastrophe, the animal had wheeled suddenly about and plunged down the path with the velocity of the wind, threatening to throw the white-faced girl who clung to him in such terror, at every mad plunge. The kid bridle had snapped asunder, and the lovely rider, who had lost all control of the animal, swayed to and fro in the saddle like a slender leaf in the gale. The piercing cry that floated back made Rutledge Chester's heart almost cease to beat. He could see that it was only a question of a few brief seconds ere the terrified girl would be dashed from tho saddle, meeting certain death by striking one of the trees that lined either side of the road. It was a circular path, and Rutledge Chester knew that in a moment of time the horse would be abreast again to the spot where he was standing. In an instant he had made up his mind what course to pursue. He would save sweet Verlie Sefton's life, or he would die in the attempt. Springing ing from his own horse, he turned that and frightened Uldene's into a bridle path, that they might be out of the way ; but it was not done an instant too soon. Around the circular path, on with the speed of the wind, came the coal-black horse, and again a wild, piteous cry floated to Rut- ledge Chester's ears ; and that cry nerved him for the terrible ordeal that followed. He saw that the maddened steed must pass within a yard of where he stood fairly rooted to the spot, and if he should swerve a single hair's breadth in his direction, the plunging iron hoofs would crush him. With a white, determined face, he wound his left arm firmly around the trunk of a tree, and stood breathlessly waiting to grasp the broken, swaying bridle of the infuriated animal with his strong right arm as it dashed past him. The few seconds that passed, as he awaited the terrible moment, seemed the length of eternity. All in a moment a strange truth burst upon him he loved beautiful, golden-haired Verlie. If fate should part them, all happiness in life would be over for him. Ho realized but too well that upon his agility and strength hung Verlie's precious life. Nearer, nearer dashed the coal-black horse with his terrified burden ; one brief instant later he was abreast of Rutledge Chester, and in that thrilling instant a strong right arm flew out with unerring certainty; a hand of steel clutched one of the reins attached to the bit. There wns a powerful lunge forward, that nearly tore Rutledge Chester's right ann from its socket. If his left arm had not been wound so firmly around the trunk of a tree we should have had to record a tragedy. As it was, the powerful hand brought Verlie's horse panting and quivering, but docile enough, to a standstill. H .had recognised a masterly hand. But in that backward plunge Verlie had lost her balance, and would have fallen headlong from the saddle if he had not loosened his grip from the horse and held out his arms just in time to catch her. As it was she sank into them unconscious. Involuntarily his arms tightened closely about her as she fell, a dead weight, against his breast, her lovely golden hair brushing his cheek as he bent over her. A great, mighty love for her surged through his heart, but he made no attempt to caress her. He would take no advantage of the situation, Rutledge Chester was a gentleman—one of nature's chivalrous noblemen. By this time quite a crowd of pedestrians had gathered around them, and Uldene rode breath- lessly up. Despite the cause, a fierce, deadly pang of jealously shot through her heart, and her face grew pale as death as she saw her golden-haired sister in the arms of the man she loved with a wild, unreasoning, passionate love. Verlie was taken home in a coupé, but it was hours before consciousness returned to her. When she opened her blue, dazed eyes, and lifted her golden, curly head from her pillow, she found her- self in her own room. Uldene was standing by the lace-draped window, with her back toward her, gazing down into the gas-lit street. It was even- ing. " Uldene," she called out bewildered, "have I been ill?" But before her sister could answer, she sank on the pillow, with a cry of terror. In xxash memory had returned to her. She sprang on the couch and crept to Uldene's side with bated breath, firy red cheeks, and shining eyes. " Did he save me, Uldene she whispered. " Was it a dream or reality that he saved me— perilled his life for mine ?" " Mr. Chester saved you, that is what you mean," announced Uldene, sharply, shaking off coldly the clasp of those clinging arms. Any gentleman would have acted precisely the same under similar circumstances, here is no xxx in making a hero of him for a sple courtej act. I am sure ho would not like'm to thinl did anything out of the ordinary." Verlie drew back abashed the coldness and bitternesss of the other's tone. " Uldene," she cried, in sudden fear and appre- hension, " are you sorry that I did not die?" The lovely, defiant face intvhich sheied so eagerly grew white. Heave forgive litifnl, faulty, treacherous Uldene ; ich a tho it liad darted through her bitterei jealous hi ; but she dared to deny it. CHAPTER. I AT THE MASKED BALL. Uldene turned towards the window an with an impatient gesture. I a " You talk like a chUd, Vee," she cj " Of o course I cared whether you fed or did When you spoke to mo so sudder I was liking of * quite another metter-wheth or no yojould be a able to attend the mask ball Mrs. Wington's 1 to-morrow night. For, of orse, if yjvere too ' ill to go, I would Btay at hontoo." I ^ "You shall make no sh sacrififfor me, Uldene, darling," exclainieVerlie, tiring her 1 arms around her sister's nk aud aiionately 1 and eagerely kissing Uldene beautifullse face. s " Of course we shall go Ithe granpask ball, * I wouldn't miss it for wods. I anpt ill, you i know. I am not even hur only alf up and 1 frightened. I shall be all rht by to-jrrow." * A tap at the door interrupted their conversation. It was Mrs. Chester. "What up and around scsoon, der" she ex- claimed pleasantly. " Rutledge will be delighted ' to hear such a pleasant account of you. " I was more frightened tin hurt, a. Chester," replied Verlie, with a blus; addinttilteringly : i " You must thank your so for me,] his timely assistance : but for him fehould hp met a far woree fate." " You must keep your >om for ay or two," returned the lady, kindly, even tho i you forego the festivities of to-morroviight." " Indeed, I am not as w.k as you íagine, Mrs. Chester," exclaimed Ve:e, gail, "Why, I wouldn't think of missingjhe maB >all, not for worlds." "As you please, my dea' responl Mrs. Ches- ter, smiling. " Of course,oung girjvill be young girls. I have often knox thom jplead to got out of a sick-bed to attencuch galiffairs." " But you know I am it ill," ptisted Verlie, lifting her blue eyes coyl; j The grand mask ball wch was to be given in a neighbouring mansion had been a much anticipated event to both Verlie and Uldene, it being the first of its kind which either had been invited to attend. The costumes had taken fully a month's plan- ning ; they were marve in their way. Uldene was to take the character of the beautiful, fatal, irresistible Helen of Troy, whose smile was more dangerous than a draught of poisoned wine, and whose wondrous dark eyes led men on to their doom. Her dress was to be cloth of gold, draped with crimson tulle, caught up and there with clus- ters of blood-red passio oses ; crimson satin slippers were to inclose tiny feet j glowing crimson rubies were to rele her white throat and her bare, rounded t . Her dark, curling hair was to be complet concealed behind a golden veil, and a golden ¡k to cover her dark, lovely face-all save the nips and dimpled chin. Verlie was to be a fairy bride. A fierce pang of envy shot through Uldene's heart as she saw her golden-haired sister standing, dressed and ready, before the Long French mirror in their boudoir the next evening. It was indeed a beat ii picture the gilded » mirror reflected-a lovel lender, girlish figure,!^ draped in shimmering ve satin that fell in graceful folds to her si er ankles; white kid gloves, extending to the ( w, set off the pearly pinkness of the lovely roi ¡d arm above it, and white kid slippers that pderella herself might have worn, they were exquisitely trim and m beneath the shim-^ blossom to make the ^ Verlie. dainty, peeped coyly out mering silvery skirts. "All t need is a magm costume complete," laug] " You can get one ir he conservatory," re- marked Uldene, indiffeny. "Ring for one oi the servants to fetch you >." " I will go myself," dec 3d Veilie, darting from the boudoir, tossing he vhite silk mask inti Uldene's lap as she pasBei sr. But in less than I moment she came flutte: ; back, her cheeks al aglow with excitement, h, Uldene ! I had sucl a narrow escape !" she p ed. " I had no soone reached the corridor wh the library door ws suddenly opened and . ¿ledge Chester cann hurriedly ont. I slippecehind a marble Mon, but I am not positive win sr he saw me or no1; but I think not, though, o passed on towards tie conservatory ; so I did ni »o there. Oh, dear ! t would spoil half the fun i iave any one recogniie me before the time fornmasking came. Wri Chester has not commeii to arrange his toüet yet. Isn't it getting ratl late?" " I suppose so," retumeUldene. " The Senator is to accompany ua there,pd Rutledge is to briag us home. I believe thaijthe arrangement, isn't it?" Verlie nodded. Ah! door now. Wrapped an hooded, they were soon whirling away toward th< rand ball. "Well, well," declared mator Chester, leaning back in his seat, with a never be able to determin vhich was which. The representative of Helen o ?rcy íb irresistible ; the dainty, fairy bride charmi re is the coach at tho arty laugh, "I should Many a noble knight will lose his heart ere l|s affair is over," he declared. It was the gayest mask 111 in high life that was ever given. Mrs. Warrinmn's grand parlors, the reception rooms, and the mgnificent dancing-hall beyond were ablaze with ligls from a score or more of electric globes, and odorot with the perfume of gorgeous banks of tropical liants and rcsss that made the scene appear like sglimpse of fairyland. It was a quaint and novel leht that caught and held the eye. Gorgeous princkses, in royal velvets and gleaming diamonds ; kink and knights, with waving plumes ; stately youngqueens in crowns of brilliants; the trimmest ¡lija, most coquettish Spanish and Normandy maidens, and the prettiest gipsy maidoiiling behind their Bilken masks, I that ever weini were leaning demurely upon i the arms of gul> masked partners, or whirling in the mazese bewitching, bewildering waltz, i Verlie haied the glittering ball-room a few paces behinrjene, and more than one pair of 1 eyes turned «ngly from ona to the other. There wagneat who never took his eyes from the fairy bñnce Verlie had first made her appearance, smiled a little, an amused light in hiB eyes. " Of courio darling knows that I saw her and recognJer in the corridor," he said to him- self. " Yeher than meet the admiring gaze of my eyes, BÏted behind the marble Flora. What a wide diffß there is between Uldeno and sweet golden-hai'erlie ! One seems rather pleased with my tf ; the other avoids me as though I were an of With hil steps he crossed the ball-room and gained he»- The next instant the tall, hand- some, plu^night was bowing low before her. " The bs about to strike up a waltz," he said disguising voice, and euiiling down upon her from beni* mask. " May I claim it ?" Verlie'/ä her small, white, kidded hand on hiB arm, »ho next moment they were whirling away to W» mwl music of "The Blue-Bells of Scotland acounnu An hoíer Uldene sought Verhe out. "Howyow enjoying yourself?" she asked abruptly see you are on the floor the most of the ti ,. , . " I sh enjoy myself very well were it not for that talked knight who follows me about like a veritafoadow," pouted the lovely red lips be- hind tlnite silk mask. "He is at my elbow where* turn, and persists in claiming every dance, 'onder who he íb Uldene ?" A h laugh, scornful and mocking, was Uldenidy answer. Was Verlie blind that she had ncMgnized that tall, manly form ? Uldene asked self, wonderingly. Her keen, brilliant eyes bought ou* that plumed knight almost the first nmt they had entered the ball-room. She knew Vas Rutledge Chester ; and she realized, | I too, fhe must indeed have recognized Verlie in the crfor at home, when she had started out in searo'the magnolia blossom. Di< care for her beautiful golden-haired sister, ' Bhe al herself, bitterly. Ah, why not try a test c and 6 innocent Verlie would be none the wiser. ' " I annoying to be followed about by one per- ' sisteoartner all the evening," declared Uldene. " Nouppose you and I outwit this presumptuous knig and in a clever way, too ?" "y could we do it ?" asked Verlie, in wonder. " going to a private boudoir and exchanging costes." Ve readily consented and both left the ball rooPgether, re-appearing some twenty minutes lat<Verlie in the costume of Helen of Troy, and Ulie as the fairy bride. ]h being slender and of the same height, no difnce was discernible to the eager plumed k»t, who came hurriedly forward begging the lof fairy bride to favour him with just ono more wf, and away they floated together, keeping time tee dreamy dance measure. icy had reached the entrance of the conserva- jt ti, and there Rutledge Chester (for the plumed \, lçht was he) stopped with his fair partner at the b eance. j orae with me and I will find you a flower by far a re suitable to the character you represent than tj 1 magnolia you are wearing." t Vith a throbing heart, Uldene permitted him to 'd her into the cool, green rose bower, dim with ' idowy lights from the emerald swinging globes, i d odorous with the breath of exotics. He found i r a seat beneath a blossoming almond tree, close ^ ' the tinted, perfumed fountain. i Close by her an orange tree was in full bloom, utledge Chester detatched a single blossom and ^ inded it to her. 1 " This is the flower I would chose for you," he ' id, his deep voice husky with emotion. " Happy : ould be the man in whose honour you would wear crown of them." " Verlie," he cried, " forgive mo. I know yon ; I îcognised you in the corridor at home to-night. I [now this íb not the time or place to speak, but the vords burn from my heart to my lips. I love you, ittle Verlie-love you with all my heart. I am not rifted like some men to utter eloquent words at luch a moment ; my heart is too full for utterance. 3ould you ever love me, little Verlie-love me well mough to become my bride ? "J realize that I have been abrupt; I have startled you. I do not ask for your answer now ; pou shall have time to consider it. I ask but one Eavour, dear : be kind and grant it. You see I have gathered two flowers-a pure white rose and a deep blood-red one. " If you mean to give me encouragement, wear this white rose on your breast at the tine of un- masking. If you mean to discourage my attentions -to convey to me in silence that we can never be more to each other than we are-let the red rose be the sorry signal of it. Will you consent to this, Verlie darling ?" The trembling figure bowed her head in assent. " I am bewildered ; leave me hore to myself for ' a little while to think," she murmured. Rutledge Chester looked at her in wonder. The ' voice that spoke to him seemed like nothing ' human. He bowed low over the little hand in which he i had placed the roses-turned and walked swiftly away. Slowly Uldene rose to her feet-she stood per- fectly still ; the same shock would have killed some girls. She clenched her hands so tightly that the thorns from the roses she held pierced her soft hands, but she never felt the pain. Heaven and earth seemed whirling around her. Death would have been a relief to the terrible agony of that moment; but the rest and silence of death were not for her. She stood so for what seemed to be an eternity ; it was but a few moments. Then the reaction carne. With swift feet she hurried to the other end of the vast conservatory and flung herself, face downwards, among the gorgeous blooms. It waB a pitiful sight upon which the moonlight, slanting in from the windows, fell-a prostrate figure in a white, gleaming dress and bridal veil, and a white face, drenched with tears, upturned to the pale, silvery light. No human beings were near, or they might have been startled by the passionate cries of a broken heart, erip that fell freely and clearly on the soft, sweet air-bitter, passionate sobB, that took with them the burden of an unhappy soul. It had been her one prayer, her only ambition to i win Rutledge Chester's love. That love would have crowned her life, and now it was all over ; her I wondrouB beauty, her genius, her brilliancy, had all , been powerless to win the noble heart that had I been laid at timid, golden-haired Verlie's feet. Tears of mortification rained down her cheeks, i It was not only that the hope and treasure of her II life were wrecked, but she was humiliated. She had loved in vain, and her haughty, passionate nature writhed at the thought. Without an effort, Verlie had won tho prize for which she would freely have given her life. " It shall not be !" she cried wildly. " I cannot bear it ! I could sooner die !" It was well that the swell of music and the patter of dancing feet drowned her bitter cries. Uldene lay sobbing on the ground whero she had flung herself in tho frenzy of her grief. Slowly the moments dragged their slow length» by. What strange thought had come to heT in the green, leafy solitude ? What strange, bewildering idea ? For suddenly she raised her white hands, and sprang to her feet with a shudder and an awful cry. , "Not that!" she murmued, hoarsely. "lam not wicked enough for that, though maddened bj the cruelest pangs of jealousy. Aye, pangs more bitter than death to endure calmly." But after a time she grow silent. Tho pas« sionated cries, the bitter sobs had died away. The idea had taken possession of her. Like a ghost she glided silently back to the ball- room, and sought out Verlie t "Let us change back into our own coatumeg ; again," she said. " You must be dressed in your P own white dress as the fairy bride when the hone for unmasking comes. It is better suited to yon; Do not demur, Verlie. I-I- insist." * (To be contijiuect.) 