A NIHILIST GHOST. O much has been said lately regarding the spirit world, and of warnings through supernatural a&eilCy;> at I may be accused of writing on a worn-out subject. However, in spite of this, it may interest many to hear the following strange occurrence which happened in a well known family some years ago, and which was related to me by my friend Mr. — , on the strict condition of my suppressing names and dates should I ever wish to repeat it. I will tell you the story as nearly as possible in this gentleman's own words " Two or three months after marriage I took my young wife down to my place in the north of Scotland to spend the New Year, it having been a time-honored custom in our family to do so. Though the weather was bitterly cold we all managed to enjoy ourselves, and my wife, who was the only lady amongst us, was in excellent spirits and the life of the party. Late in the evening of New Year's Day we gentlemen were amusing ourselves in the billiard room (it must have been nearly twelve o'clock), when I was surprised to hear Violet's voice calling me from above, she having retired some time before. On going up to her room, she informed me that she had been much astonished by hearing the tinkle of sledge bells, and that on opening her window she had seen one quickly approaching, drawn by a magnificent pair of black horses, and that it had pulled up immediately under her window. It was a lovely moonlight night, so she had leant out to see if she could recognise the occupant of the sledge. As she did so he raised his head and looked her straight in the face, when she discovered he was a perfect stranger. What Violet considered most extraordinary was that, on meeting her eye, he held up his left hand and shook his head solemnly, then, giving rein to his horses, rapidly disappeared down the avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who this mysterious stranger could be, and had called me up to see it I knew. She described him as being quite young, but with snow-white hair, piercing black eyes, a black moustache, and completely wrapped in sables. I being well acquainted with all my neighbours far and near, felt quite certain that he was not one of them, and the only conclusion we could come to was that he was some visitor from town who wished to astonish the natives with such a hitherto un heard-of conveyance as a sledge. I asked her if she was quite sure she had not been dreaming, when she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake in her life, having at the time been sitting up writing a most important letter. When I related my wife's story in the billiard room, one of my convivial friends suggested that we should all sally forth in a body and search the ground for the unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to be given a drink. We all acted on this idea with alacrity, any small excitement always being acceptable in a country house. In the meantime the weather had completely changed, and it had commenced to snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for our not being able to discover traces of the sledge. We soon got tired of the search, agreeing that the mysterious stranger had discovered he was trespassing, and had made the best of his way home. The next day Violet appeared rather annoyed when we chaffed her about her melancholy visitor of the previous night, and, seeing that it was not welcome, we soon dropped the subject, and in fact forgot it. That evening, as we men had just decided on separating for the night, the door of the smoking room burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my wife rushed in, her drressing-gown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she was doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair, gasping out : " He has come again 1" Seeing that she was really affected, I hastened to get her a glass of wine, and begged her to give me full particulars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had slept soundly until awakened by the sound of approaching sledge bells, then, starting up, had thrown on her dressing gown and rushed to the window, where she discovered the sledge had been brought to a standstill at exactly the same spot as on the previous night. On her appearance the driver, looking up at her steadfastly, had raised his hand and shaken his head in precisely the same warning manner as before. Not waiting for more, and filled with nameless terror, the poor little woman had rushed down to me in this excited condition. We all felt most indignant at what we began to think was a very impertinent practical joke, and, confiding my wife to the care of her maid, rushed out with the intention of findin g and making it hot for the perpetrator. We ran out eagerly ; the night was clear and frosty, the ground was covered with snow, although none had fallen since the morning, and I confess that I experienced quite a shock when, on arriving beneath my wife's window, we dis covered the snow was completely undisturbed, and there was not the faintest trace of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house somewhat subdued, and talked the matter well over, when we came to the conclusion that there must be something queer about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little 'wife could be the victim of any such delusion. Therefore we unanimously decided on keep ing a watch in the billiard-room — which was immediately beneath Violet's room — on the following night, and wait for what might occur. In the meantime we had agreed not to mention the subject to my wife, and the next day, she not appearing at all inclined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Some time after she had retired for the night, we, being fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to the billiard room to commence our vigil, where we turned down the gas and drew up the blinds, and were all o l the qui vive for anything that might happen. The silence was becoming monotonous, when suddenly it was broken by a piercing shriek, and the sound of a heavy fall. Bushing to my wife's room, from whence it had proceeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in her evening dress, with her window wide open. It was a long time before her maid, whom I found in the room, could restore her to consciousness, and even then she seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, " Why does he come ? What does he mean ?" The maid afterwards informed me that she had been requested by her mistress to remain in the room with her until her master came up, and she had stated she did not intend undressing until then. Her lady had stood wrapped in a shawl for a long time at the window, and appeared to be listening intently for something she expected. Suddenly sbe had given a violent start, and leaning out of the window, had excitedly called the maid to her side, and asked her in a trembling voice whether she could not see anything coming up the avenue or hear the tinkle of bells. It was a still moonlight night, almost as light as day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, declared she could see or hear nothing, and had only just turned from the window when she was horrified to see her mistress stagger backwards and fall fainting to the ground. The violent shock that my wife had received to her nervous system resulted in a long and serious illness, and as soon as she could be moved I took her on the continent, where she shortly re covered her health and spirits. We neither of us ever alluded to the cause of her illness, she feeling peculiarly sensitive on the subject, and resenting my having treated it as a hallucination. Though apparently forgotten by us both, I did not consider it judicious to spend the coming New Year in Scotland, and we therefore agreed on paying a long promised visit to St. Petersburg, where I had many intimate friends in influential circles. On our arrival they all vied with each other in showing us hospitality ; my wife was immensely admired, and her vivacity and wit made her very popular. Just before our intended departure, one of the leaders of society arranged a ball in our honor, to which Violet looked forward with great pleasure, and made most elaborate preparations. When the night of this fete arrived, and my wife entered the room dressed for the ball, I thought I had never seen her look so lovely, with that air of joyous anticipation on her countenance that a beautiful woman always wears when sbe is sure of her triumphs. During our short drive to the Hotel-——, our destina tion, she amused me by her almost childish anticipation of the coming enjoyment. On arriving there she ascended the steps on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, but just as we were about to enter the door she turned her head as if violently startled. I felt her trembling from head to foot, her face was deadly pale, and her eyes were fixed on the spot from which our carriage had just moved. On my enquiring the reason of her agitation, she excitably exclaimed, " Look there 1" pointing the foot of the steps. When I declared I saw nothing, she seemed completely unnerved, and implored me to take her home. Poor Violet clung to me closely, passionately exclaiming that if I did not do so at once she knew she would die, and, finding leiuuiioiauui;? uuij muicaocu j_iei uiouicorj j. tuuugut it best to do as she wished. Whilst in the carriage I could not get an explanation, as my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on our arrival I had to support her into her room. There when she appeared better, I requested her to explain her extraordinary con duct. In an awed, almost scared voice Violet informed me that on entering the Hotel she had heard the sound of sledge bells, and on turningto see who had arrived, had perceived the same mysterious man who had caused her so much terror the previous year in Scotland. There he was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and using the same warning gestures. I tried to reason with her and impress upon her the great offence her absence would probably cause on such an occasion. For some time she was quite impracticable, but seeing at last how much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made a great effort and consented to return with me. All the same I felt quite grieved to notice what a change this strange occurrence had made in her ; the shrinking, pale lady 1 was now conducting to the carriage being indeed a very different person to the brilliant, joyous, beauty of a short time before. Just as we were about to set foot in the carriage a terrible explosion was heard, and a few minutes later the fearful news had circulated through the city that the Hotel , where the ball was being given, had been blown to the ground (it was supposed by Nihilists), and not a soul there had escaped. — Y. P. Advertiser. Well tutored. — Visitor : " Is the doctor in ? " Servant: "No, sir." Visitor: "That's a pity, as I had nnma tn r»n v m V nennnrit. " Snrunnt ' t( HL I Tn +1mf VvUlV W J K/W ' V 4.11 bll(U case I will ask again." — De Kleine Patriote. One or our witty contributors says that when he went on the steamer to Europe, they kept the chickens in the hatchway , the beef in the ballworks, near the steerage , and when they ran out of eggs the ship lay too. " Too much absorbed in his own business" was the comment of a newspaper on the death of a brewer who was found drowned in a tank of his own beer. 