THE QAVEROCKS. A TALE OF THE CORNISH COAST, CHAPTER XV. THE PEDLAR'S PACK. [By the Author of " John Herring," " Mehalah," " Court Eoyal," &c.;] " Halloo ! Y ou in here, Rose 1 Love day ? What ! the lads and the maidens in darkness ?" The voice was that of old Gaverock, " You here, too, Anthony ?" The voice was that of old Loveys. " Light! Let us have a light!" shouted old Gaverock. " Here's myself and the rest <jf us old folks come to look for you through the storm ." " L'ght! light!" shouted Dennis. Then a snap, a Hash of sparks, scattering in all directions, and in a moment the candles were flaming again. Hender stood in the doorway ; he had let the curtaia fall behind him, and his face was lull of a£tunishmeut and dismay. Wnat did this mean? This enap and flash? The eound vva-s familiar to him; the place was strange to his eyes. He looked about him in a bewildered manner, at the collection of ir.uBiy articles in the booth, and then he fixed bin eyes with a wide stare on the pedlar. He put his hand to his brow, drew it over his t\ es. and his mouth fell open. VVhat is thie? Who are you? What is here ?" he asked. " Come away, Rose ; come ; away, Miss Penhalligan. Gerans, we must be driving home." " Uh, uncle!" said Roae Trewhella, " we have h%d ench a strange exhibition. Are you iond of dancing dogs? There is a really marvellous performing dog here. Perhaps ) the master will show you some of the pricks j before we leave." " I "Have you been hurt?" asked Gerans, ! approaching the pedlar. " You must excuse ' n.y friend—my companion—he forgot hi.u- j self. I hope he has not hurt you 5" " Hurt"! laughed the Btrange man. " Hurt!—11" I " Come away," said old Gaverock, with a i tone full of uneasiness. "This is not a lit place for you girls. Faugh ! it smells—it I tmells of a vault. Come away, we must be rtturnirig home." He was manifestly ill at ease. He kept his eyes fixed on the pedlar with something ! like alarm in them. Kose, with her perver- 1 city of nature, now wanted ro stay. A few j minutes before she had wished tu leave. But old Gaverock would take no refusal; he ! woj!d not allow delay. He drew the girls : outside the booth, and only then breached j freely. j Gtracs remained behind and offered the man half a guinea. j "Ko," said the pedlar, "I have sold you i notbiiv;. I will take nothing till you have I bought of me.'' " Hutjour wares are not such as the ladies • care fur." "You have not seen the contents of my j pack." j "Let me look." *' No ; the ladies must see, not you. ! "Then bring the pack to the inn. They | will be some minutes before leaving Wade- i bridge." I I Tne pedlar, without more ado, stooped and ' tcok up the box of wicker-work covered with ; black oilcloth. As he was unable to carry ; his pack slung behind him, because of the j hump in his back, he carried it in front, \ slung round hie neck, aB a hurdy-gurdy player j carries hiB instrument. I "I will show my pretty things," he said, \ " not for you, eir, nor for any of the gentle- i men—only for the ladies." Then he followed Gerans to the inn. i The party was all there in the long room, well lighted and hot, waiting for the horses and traps to be brought round. When the i pedlar appeared with hiB basket and raised : the lid, everyone crowded up to look in, | expecting to fird needles, thimbleB, thread, ' and tape. But what was their surprise to : find that it contained nothing bat roses! ; Roses at that time of the jear—just now i when hail and snow were driving about the I house, when the winter storm was tearing every leaf from off the trees and every flower j from its stem 1 It was true that the blossomB were mostly those of monthly roses, that ' bloom op till Christmas ; still, the sight of i a basketful of them presented in a heated inn ' parlour to men laden with wine and spirits, and inclined to be nproarious, was incon- . gruous. The roses were done up in little tranche*; the pretty Bourbon, just intro- J dueed ; the Noisette and the China roses; ' buds with leaves, and single flowers in full blow, and a little maidenhair fern. The men laughed; some scoffed. The ; ladies were delighted, and the young men ' eagerly bought bouquets for them. Probably t the pedlar did a better trade in these perish- i able articles than he could have done with j needleB and threads. "Guardie!" cried Roee, "you must posi- , tively take home a very large bunch for dear i aunt. You could bring her no fairing that would please her better. j " My love," eaid Mr. Loveys to his wife, "choose your posy and command my parse." " I must give one to you, MiBs Rose, and another to yon, Miss Loveday," said Gerans. j "It is carrying coals to Newcastle to offer ' rcees to the Queen Rose—the Sanspareille," • said Dennis. i " Really, Mr. DenniB," exclaimed Rose, ; laughing, " your laboured compliments over- , whelm me!" " You will allow me to offer you a posy as well as Gerans ?" he asked. I " I hive two hands," answered Rose gaily. " I wish I had four, to carry a bunch in each." I "Then pray choose." ' She thrust her hand into the basket, in among the flowers, and uttered a startled cry as she sharply withdrew it. j "What is the matter?" asked Loveday, ' standing up. " Look! Look!" exclaimed Rose. " There is a toad among them, at the bottom, hidden by the flowers." i "Atoad! Impossible," said Loveday, aud put in her hand. Rose grasped her wrist and drew her fingers ! away. i " Do not touch. I know there is, I felt it. Yon cannot Bee—the rose leaves hide it—but 1 had a glimpse of the beast, it spitB—poison." Dennis laughed sarcastically, and shook the basket. Then there emerged from under i the sweet and delicate flowers a little round, glossy, brown object. Rose cried out, and shrank back. Love- ' day recoiled also. Those crowding round the table shook it, and again the roses covered the object from their eyes. Whatever it was, it lay at the very bottom of the box. i "I know it is a toad!" said Rose ' vehemently. "I touched its cold and clammy body, and it sent a shudder up my arm and a chill to my heart. Look!—there again." The pressure of hands on the table, the thrusting of men against its side eager to see for themselves, gave movement to the box! and for an instant a round brown object I appeared to rise above the rose leaves and then dip under them again. I "What ha»5 you got there?—in there, I Hunchback?" , «; Where?" [ Th«r- • - nnjj er tjj e rogeg| at jjjjg bottom of i your pack." t "Crushed roses, bruised rjse leaves. ! Nothing else, gentlemen, that I am aware Of." " But beneath the roses ?'' asked Gerans. "Nothing at all." " There ! See! Peeping up again above them." " This is the best way to ascertain," said Dennis, and he turned the basket over on the table. " My posies ! —my flowers !—you will spoil them r cried the pedlar in dismay. $ The heap of Sowers lay strewn about, and among the beautifal pink and white blossoms lay a small double-barrelled pistol, with rusty barrels, but with a polished curled handle of brown mottled wood ; so shaped that at the first glance, as it peeped out from among the roses, in the uncertain light of the candles, it might readily be taken for a reptile. Dennis Penhalligan took up the pistol aud examined it. As be did so, a black spider emerged from the bore aud ran over his hand. The pedlar was uneasy, and wanted to avethe weapon returned to hirn He put his hand across the table, with the oilskin sleeve on it, aud tried to grasp the handle and tuke it from Dennis, but the youn^ man would not give it up. He tnrned the pistol over, rubbed the rust spots, and examined the lock ; then he handed it to Squire Gaverock, who was clamouring to have a sight of the weapon. " Pshaw!" exclaimed the old man. " Do you call this a pistol ? It is more fitted for IadieB than men. It might knock over a sparrow, nothing bigger. He tossed the pistol back. Another took it up and looked at it. So it was passed round. " What do you want for it ?'' asked Mr. I oveys. " It is worth the value of old iron, nothing more." "It is not mine, eir; it i3 not for sale. Give me my little pistol l>aok. If 1 had thought to use it I would never pu? it amotui flowers to rust." DeDcis took bold of the weapon again. " Pray mind what you are about," said Gerans. " It may be loaded ; and you are pointing the barrel at me." " Will you sell it?" asked Penhalligan of the pedlar. "You do not want it," said his sister. " It i an ogly i laything; what could you do with it ?' " Play with it, as it is a plaything," answered the young surgion. " Practice with it en a rainy day : that is pleieant spirt tor an idle honr. I will have the pistol. What is your price, Hunchback ?" " Price," repeated the pedlar. ."It is not for sale ; it is t worth nothing. To set it to rights will coBt money; but the stock is good. I will take a guinea for the thing." Dennis opened Lis purse, then coloured to the roots of his hair. He had not a guinea in his purse. " Loveday," he said in a low tone, "lend me a few shillings." " My dear Dennis, I have nothing." "Do you wish the pistol very much?" asked Rose. Before he could reply an ostler came in to say that Squire Gaverock's carriage and the gigs were ready. " The storm has abated, said Mrs. Loveys. " Oh, look !'' exclaimed Loveday, glancing through the window, " the moon is shining, and the street is white with snow." "Hail, hail!" corrected Gerans. "The moors will be glistening white as we drive home. I hope yoa have wraps, Miss Loveday ; we 6hall meet the wind." In the bustle of preparation for the long drive home the pedlar was forgotten. He took the opportunity to refill his basket with the scattered llowere. " Are you ready, Mi&s; Rose ?'' asked the surgeon. " My horse is impatient to be off." " Coming directly ; I have forgotten something." Gerans and Loveday started. The sky had cleared, a few curdy clouds hong in it, like ice-floes in a dark cold sea; the ground everywhere was white and crackling under j the feet of men and horses. The barouche with the Squire was shut, | but he shouted through the window for a j drop of cordial all round to keep out the cold. j " Now, Mr. Dennis, I am at your eervice," said Rose, coming ont at the door ; " it is my fate, I believe, to be driven by you. Fortunate ! for if you upset the trap, aud dislocate my neck you are at hand to set it again." He helped her into his gig, and in another moment they were driving homewards in the wake ef Gerans. In a quarter of an hour they were out of the valley on the high road. On each side was moor, treeless, white, shining in the moonlight; rocks seemed like lumps of coal, bushes as fibrous tufts black as soot. " GeranB is out of sight,'' said Rose. " He has [a better horse than mine. One such as myself must put up with a cob." "Do you know, Mr. Penhalligan, 1 shall not go to another Goose Fair ; one is sufficient in a life's experience." " Nor I," said he. " I do not think it quite an entertainment for a lady. One generation becomes more particular than another, I believe. Our EucccsEors will be too nice to sit at table at an inn with men drinking, and go to a booth to see dogs and tumblers. I felt all the time that dear Loveday was out of place. But Mrs. Loveys liked it, and Mrs. Gaverock always attended." '• When the ladies decline to attend the gentlemen wUl hold aloof. Then it will be left to farmers and their wives to frequent the ordinary." ",I believe Gerans would not care to go unless accustorred to do so." "Gerans!" laughed ths surgeon; he goes because his father says ' Go ;' and he eats his goose because his father puts the roast bird nnder his nose. If he obeys his wife, MII^II he gets one, as he obeys his father, his daily meal will be cfl' humble pie." " You are too hard on poor Cousin Gerans," said Roee in an injured tone. " I am but repeating what you have said. You likened him to a dancing dog the other evening, and when I saw that poodle to-day I laughed, remembering your simile." Rose said nothing, but moved uneasily in her seat. So they drove on neither speaking. The white moorland, cold and shining, was stretched to the horizon on both sides. The road was indicated only by granite stones stuck on end, capped with snow, casting black shadows away from the moon. Everything around was in white and black ; there was no colour in the dark sky aloft, no colour in the inky sea, caught in glimpses between the headlands; no colour in the tortured thorn-bushes and rare crippled ashes come npon here and there. They might have been driving over the surface of the full moon. Presently Rose said, " Let us have done with joking on that subject. It has become distasteful to me." "Perhaps the subject of your jokes has been changed," eaid Dennis bitterly, "and I am the unhappy victim of your raillery. I saw you laughing with Gerans." Rose opened her eyes wide. " We were not thinking or speaking of you." " The unfortunate and the unhappy are not worthy to be thought of by those on whom fate smiles." " Why do you speak like this, Mr, Penhalligan ?" asked Rose. " You are not unfortunate, and have no right to be unhappy. You are very highly blessed in having a sister such as Loveday, and ought to be serenely happy in such a sweet home as Eantsillan," " I may have ambitions beyond a sister to keep house for me, and a hired cottage, scantily furnished, with slate floors." "You are youog, and have the world before you," said Rose cheerfully. " The world before me!" repeated Dennis, with a sneer. "A world like this"—he swept the horizon with his whip—"cold, dead, shelterless, over which to go, with head down against the numbing wind, without a gleam of sunshine to cheer, a continual winter moonlight, and beyond"—he pointed with his whip to the black Atlantic —" the unfathomed sea of Infinite Night. Ii. is now as it was of old in Egypt, Some are in day, whilst others are immersed in a darkness from which there is no escape." He put his hand into his overcoat pocket for his kerchief, as his brow was wet. " What is this ?" he asked in surprise, as he drew something from it. Insensibly he tightened the rein, and checked the horse. In his hand he held a small pistol, and the moon glinted on its polished stock and rusty barrel liose laughed. " This is the pistol I saw among the flowers," he said, " Accept it as a little present from me," said Rose coaxing! y, but timidly. " I saw you wished to have it, so stayed behind and bought it. Keep it for my sake." " And use it," asked Dennis, " should the necessity arise?" CHAPTER XVL "PAS DE CHAXCE." Dennis was more than touched, he was deeply moved by the kindness of Roee. Hi3 blood rushed through his veins like lava streams. His hand shook as he held the reins. " How good—how very good of you !"' he said. "I feel it the more begause I am nnused to receive kindnesses." He put the reins in her hand. " You can drive for a minute whilst I look at your present. How I shall valus it, words cannot tell; never, never will I part with it whilst I have life." He turned it over in the moonlight. The rnst spots on it were like the marks—the blotches—on the back ot a toad; the steel shone white in the moon's rays, flashed and became dark again. Dennis tried the cock. "Don't span it," said Rose, "it may be loaded," xennalligan laughed. "Not likely. An old pistol, lying at the bottom of a basketful of roses. Loaded! Why should it be loaded?" He drew the trigger carelessly. At once a report followed, with a flash, and the bullet flew over the horse's head. The beast, frightened at the discharge, bounded, kicked, and dished forward. Before Dennis had time to wrest the reins from the hand of R,ose the horse had run the gig against one of the granite blocks by the roadtiJc. icd almost instantaneously the gi^ was over, and Dennis and Rose were in the road, IVnhalligan picked himself up. He was shaken, but not hurt. Without a thought for his cob and trap, he ran to Rose, who lay on the snow motionless. In mad terror he picked her up, aiid tpoke to her ; but she made no answer. " Rose ! My dearest! Rose, for God's sake speak !" He felt her arms, her feet; no bones were broken ; the words she had said as lie lilted her into tbe gig recurred to him—but her ncck was not broken. "Rose! Rose!" he cried, and clasped her in his arms. He knelt on the lu.il and snow-covered ground and held her to hia heart. " My God !' he said, " has it come to this, that I have billed her I love best in the world?" He turned her face to the moonlight. How lovely it was ! In his agony and paesion he put his lips to her brow, her cheeks, her mouth. "I may never have another chance of kissing her," he said fiercely. As he held her to his heart it was as thoueh he held her before a racing furnace, and that the heat it gave forth must restore her. He leaned his check to her mouth to feel if she were breathing ; he laid hia hana on her heart to learn if it weic beating. Then ho put nib fingers through hi« hiir, aud held his temples, whiclt were bur;tijg with the boiliDp, beatin?, pulocs of firo, aud his eyes were lifted to tbe bb jk sky in which swam tbe chill, dead moon. "M> !"' he said in a vcicc that shook wi'.li pa3sio;:, " give her tn me, ?r.tl I will be pood. I have cot leaved for n;nny years. 1 asi: ths3 one tliiLg cox Give her to tne !" He fult her move in his arms. "Dennis," she ue.:d, "whit is i What are you saying'.'" " 1 am prayic^." " l'"oi me ' " Yes—yes—yes, for you. Only for you." "What,is the l'.atter? Where am I? What has happened ? fine disengaged herself from his embracing arm and tried to etand. " We have been upset. You are hnrt ?" She felt her head. " No,' she said, " not much. 1 lost all eenae. Now I am right. What happened? Where is the gig? Did we lall out ?" Now he looked round, " The gig is broken. There is 'my poor horse, fast by the head. The rein has caught in the axle, and the axle turning has brought his head up to the wheel." " (Jan we not go on ?" Pehalligan shook his head. " But what is to be done ? We cannot spend the night on the moor and sleep in tne snow." " The chaise is coming on with Mr. Gave rock and the Loveys' party. The young CUD can turn out ou the box, aud you will travel home, inside " " But you ?" Dennis shrugged his shoulders. " What happtns to me is of little moment. I must release my cob and.ride him home." " I am so sorry. It is all my fault" " I regret the accident for one thing only." " What is that' " It deprives me cf your company for the rest of the way.'' " That is nothing." " To me—everything." " Even the cutting wind and the snow cannot freeze compliments from your tongue." Dennis led her to a block of granite and seated her upon it. He collected the wraps and folded them round her: if she would have suffered him he would nave taken off his overcoat and laid it in the snow for her feet to rest in, and folded it over them t} keep them warm. "Mr. Penhalligan, I cannot, I will not permit this; you are over-kind to me and over-cruel to yourself. See the poor horse. Do release him, and tell me the true condition of the gig." " The horse must wait till you are taken away from me by the chaise. Every moment now is to me most precious." "rleally, Mr. Penhalligan, you turn me dizzy again. Do attend to the horse." "The carriage may be here at any moment." " Well—the sooner the better for me. " But not for me, Rose! no, not for me." He stood before her in the white road, with his right hand on his brow ; the moonlight was full on his face ; Bhe could see it working, convulsively, as the face of a man might work who was on the rack. " Rose ! dear Rose. I have held you one moment in my arms, to my heart. I confess all. I touched \- j our lips with mine, and have drunk from them madness. I know what I am, a man with no fortune, and no luck, a disappointed, an uchaiipy man. And you are born to erijoy life, without a care or a sorrow, or occasion for thought. I look at you as Dives in torment gazed at Lazarus atar off, and feel but too cruelly that there is a gulf between; but it is a gulf which love can overleap. Dives," he laughed, and his laugh was Bhrill and startling in the night. "1 liken myself to Dives." The time for Dives to be cast into hell and Lazarus to be translated to heaven is over. Dives now mounts to Paradise, and the poor and the sick and the acbiug in heart and bone, and the tore of skin and racked of brain, toss and ache and moan in life aud in eternity." He spoke so fast and in such a passion, his breath coming in gasps breaking his speech, ILi-t Rose could hardly' catch what he said. She was frightened at his vehemence, and she put out her hand to lay it on his arm and pacify him. He mistook her meaning and caught her hand in his. " Rose ! dear, dear Rose !" he cried, " is it true that my long night is turning to day ? That happineES is coming to me, even to me'! Oh, Rose ! yon have never known or dreamed of love euch as mine. I am not a poor, sleepy, cold-blooded creature such as Gerans. I love you. I have knelt herein the snotv ana stretched my hands to God and asked for you. I who never pray, I cannot endure life without you. Rose, speak to me. Tell me you hear what I say. Tell me that I am not to despair." He clenched her hand so tightly in bis that she cried out with pain. " I have hurt you !" he said, " that is the nature of my love. I hurt those I love." He became coder, and folded his arms. Then tbe horse, driven desperate by the restraint of its head, began to kick furiously at the broken gig behind it. " Do—Mr. Penhalligan ! Do look to the poor horse. Give me a minute to collect myself." He stood doubting whether to obey or not; then he saw coming along the road from Camelford two orange b&lla; of light. The barouche was approaching. "No," he said firmly. "I will have my answer now. It must be now, I must know whether I shall have you or lose you. On this moment everything binges. I had not thought to speak, but the necessity drove me. I could do no other. Answer me." "Mr. Penhalligan," began Rose, after a pause, with her eyes along the road watching the approaching carriage lamps, and measuring the distance between them and the place where she sat, "Mr. Penhalligan ." " When you woke from your unconsciousness you called me Dennis," he interrupted. "Did I? That was because I was unconscious still—of what was fitting." "Answer me, RoEe. There is but a moment more." He also looked round. The tramp of the horses in the snow and hail was audible. " You are too late" she said elowly, articulating each word with distinctness. " Gerans atked me on my way to the Goose Fair, and I said Yes." Then he buret into a wild, fierce, ringing laugh, and clasped his hands over his head, and wrung them there. *' Pas d_e chance!" he cried, " P_s de chance ! It is always so." "Halloa! who are thereT was shouted in their ears. The barouche was level with him ; the driver had drawn up. Roee ran to the door and knocked. Old Gaverock and Mr. Loveys were out directly. " It was my doing, all my fault," said Rose, half crying, half laughing, and nigh on hyf.teiics. " I would drive, and, having the reins, upset the gig " She turned to the surgeon. " Mr. Dennis, whatever you may say to the contrary, I alone air responsible. It was my fault Bolely." " Curse it!" exclaimed old Gaverock. " Who cares whose fault it was? Tue gig is broken and will have to be mended, Y'ou, Missie, will come home with us now. Penhalligan, how will you manage V "1 shall ride home." " Here !' shouted the Squire, " give me the light." He took the carriage lamp and looked about in the snow. " Is there anything lost'! What is this ? Here is a pistol! Golly ! very like that we saw to-day in the pedlar's pack." " It is mine," said Dennis, and he took it from the Squire's hand. Just then a large white owl flew hooting to and fro over the carriage and the little group flitting like a great ghost moth or swaying like a pendulum. At the same time from under the carriage ran the white-spotted mongrel of the pedlar, and began to limp on three legs ronnd the party, then to throw itself on its back as one dead, then to leap with all fours straight up into the air and dance on its hind legs. " How copies this brute here?" asked Mr. Lovejs. Mr. Gaverock took the coachman's whip and lashed at the deg, hit it, and the beast bcL.-iu to howi, 'jucix dashed under the carriage and disappeared. The moon passed behind a white curly oloud, and formed in it a ghastly riug of tawny hue ; it was like a single great owl's eye staring down at them from its socket of radiating feathers. Young Anthony, useful when anything touching horses had to be done, had gone with the coachman to Dennis's gig, and disengaged the cob, with much shouting to the frightened beast. The brute was hot and trembling, his rough coat standing out, matted with sweat, and the steam rose from him. Anthony junior patted his neck and uttered " Wohs in bis ear, which produced a soothing effect, whilst the coachmin extricated the gig from the place where it was wedged. " Her ain't so bad used, but what her imay be made to run," said the driver, speaking of the gic. " The splashboard be 'scatt (broken to pieces) arid the axle be bent: but otherwise hers middling sound. But her mast be diove elowly and with care." " Where ar« my llowers? I must have my poEies," said K,06e. " Oh, Guardie ' :t mo have the lamp. I want them so mucu.'' "Never mind the roses,'' siid old Gaverock. " We must get on our way." " Hut I do mind them," ausvrercd Rose, " not only for their own beautiful sakes, but also for the sake of those who gave them to me." Dennis approached. He said nothing, but held out the bunches. He had found them in the snow. Oh, thank you a»ain, Mr. Penhalligan," said Rose, looking at him and smilins, but somewhat timid Rtill. " There is no end to the i'avisum >ou do iste. You recover me out OI the EUOW, and will not suffer my sweet namesakes to lie and perish in it." " Are all the cloaks and wraps in?" aaked Giverock. " Con:e, P«cse, wo cannot spend tie night liTe." " Yes, '-uardie, I believe so. I am ready." " Tlien get in yourself." She stepped into the chaise ; then, opening the window, put out her hand. " Good night, Mr. Dennis," she said in her prettiest tones. " You have overwhelmed me with kindness, I shall never forget this night." " Drive on," said Gaverock. Then the yellow glare—the little of coloar there was in that waste of white and black— moved forward, &r.d; Dennis Penhalligan was left in the road looking after the carriage. Though -steeped in hia own trouble he started ax ne noticed a figure, which he thought was that of the pedlar, crouched behind the carriage, clinging on to the springs. In the moonlight he could not make out the nature of the coat, but his doubts ceased when he saw the shadow of the dog pursuing the barouche. The Vi hite dog with spots was itself scarce distinguishable against the snow and stony ground, but its shadow was black and defined. Dennis clasped his hands and moaned. " Would to God we had both been dashed against these atone posts, and the life cruBhed out ef us ! Ai.vays too late for luck ! The i'rize is out of my ruach. Healing, rest, happiness, are for others, not for me. Wklie I am coming, another steppeth dotvn before me. Pa-; de chance ! Pas de cluuict! 