THE jCt) RON ATI ON OF QUEEN , VICTORIA. Fbom the London " Times," June 29, 1838, ' ' f - : (Continued from last week).- ' ' ; i — — — : . THE ENTRANCE INTO THE CHURCH. . -,3Jhe Queen;, on entering at; the west .door of tliechurch was received with the following anthem, sung by the choir : — s ' . . Anthem. " ' "I/was glad when they said unto me, we will go into the house of the Lord; for there is the .seat ..of judgment, even the seat of the houSer ofDavict. 0 pray for the' peace of Jerusalem ; they shall prosper that love thee. Peaqe be within .thy walls and prosperity , within thy palaces. . ...."Glpry. be to the Father, and to the Son, . and to the Holy Ghost: " "As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen." The'Queen meanwhile passed up through the body of the church, through- the choir, . and on to the stairs to the theatre ; and have- ing passed by her throne, she made her humble adoration, then, kneeling at the faldstool,' before her chair, used some short private' prayers ; and after sitting down (hot on her throne, but in her chair below her throne) there " reposed herself." . ... The spectacle was now truly magnificent: | "Peers, prelates, senators, and gartered knights "Diffused;. one - general blaze of . different V'hShtsri -' j. ' " What iiation'ere such glory did display " But England on her coronation day I " .'. RECOGNITION. . Tlie Queen being so placed, and the anthem -.concluded, the Archbishop of Canterbury advanced foom his/station at the south-east pillar to the east part of the theatre, accom- panied bythe Lord Chancellor, Lord Great " Chamberlain, Lord High Constable, and ... JjJarl; Marshal (Garter King of Arms proceed ing them), and made the Recognition thus:— '"'Sirs, -I here present unto you Queen Victoria undoubted Queen "of this realm; where- -U"fpre.all you who are come this day to do your p:hpri3ra£e, are you willing tO: dp the same?" SThh Archbishop and the great officers of State ;th eh: proceeded to the other three sides of the theatre— south, west, and north— the Queen;mpamyhile. standing up by her chair, , = t%.. " "——opposing freely' " The beauty.:of her person -to -the people" on each side as the recognition was made, and ffiayembledlpeoplje/atte'sting'-iheir , joyous loyalty and devotion by loudIf simultaneous, and most' enthusiastic shouts of ! ' 'm " God Save Queen Victoria!" ; ; At theUjst recognition Uie trumpets sounded' -the dmmAhsatf and the band struck up the National Anthem. . Her Maj esty then resumed her seat, and the great officers their position -near/ Her Majesty. .The bearers of the Regalia . during the .recognition remained standing about the Queen. ,- . : :TH13 FIRST OBLATION. Igjje Bible; Paten, -and ciipl being: brought i>y the Bishops who had .borne them, and placed upon the; Altar, the Archbishop went to .the Altar, put oil his cope, and . stood , on fhibor if/side of it. The Bishops who were to. rfehd the Litany also vested themselves in their copes. The officers of the Wardrobe then spread a rich clotli- 'of -gold carpet and cushions; for Her Majesty to' kneel on at the 'steps of ;the Altar. . Tie Queen, supported, by the Bishops of Durhamj Bath and Wells, and attended by "tlie Dean. of Westminster, the , great officers, ' au<l lilt! j&0fffs"that 'carried the Regalia going -' befdre'her, proceeded to the Altar, and "" kneeling upon the steps made her first oblation of a pall, or altar-cloth of gold, delivered by an officer of the Wardrobe to " the Great 'Lord Chamberlain, and by him kneeling to Her Majesty;, and an ingot or \- wedge of gold, of a pound weight, which the Treasurer of tie Household delivered to the Lord - Great Chamberlain, and he to Her ".- Majesty, - kneeling. The Queen delivered \--. theffiv to the ' Archbishop, . standing (in wiiclL posture; he received all the other oblations) one after another, the pall to be , laid; reyerently upon the Altar, and .the gold , !, to". -.be received jn.tp. -tie- oblation basin, and with the like reverence 'put. upon the Altar. The Archbishop, tien said this prayer, the Queen etill kneeling: — . , ; -j6.: God, who dwelleth in . the . high ,ancl ljaly place, with them also wio. are of an 'iumble spirit, look down upon mercifully : upon, this thy servant, Victoria, our Queen, now ' hhmbling herself before Thee at Thy r'-' fo'dtstoolj. and ' graciously receive these ' " oblations which, in humble acknowledgment " r of Thy sovereignty over all, and of Thy great bounty upon her in particular, she hath now offered np unto Thee, through Jesus Christ our only mediator and advocate. Amen. " Th'e'Queeh having thus offered, and so. fulfilled His commandment, who said, " Thou shalt not appear before the Lord thy God empty," proceeded as before to the Chair of fjtate:,r on tlie.-south side of the Altar. ... .. In. the meantime, the Lords who bore the Eegalia, except those who carried the swords, went in order1 near -to'the Altar, and presented aes;ch.what he-carried to the Archbishop, who delivered tliejai to the Dean of Westminster, placed' upon the Altar. TJie. great Officers of State (with the exception of. the Lord Great Chamberlain), and (he nbblemen' wlio had borne the Eegalia deposited, on the- Altar, went to the Respective places appointed. to them; the Bishop of Dur-.\ hamv Standing' on the right hand of Her Majesty, -;with— the -noblemen carrying the swords on his -igjit hand ; the Bishop of Bath and Wells onHer Majesty's left hand, and near hipa the LoFctXlreat Chamberlain. Tlie noblemen bearing the s words (except the S#omU-g4 State) -continued to stand on the south side of the area until the enthronisation Then followed the Litany, read by the Bishops of Worcester and St. David's, vested in copes; and kneeling at a footstool above the steps, on the middle of the east side of the theatre ; the choir did not read the responses, in order, we presume, conveniently to curtail the service. The Gospel was read by the Bishop of Carlisle, the Queen with the people standing. St. Matthew xxii., 15. The service being concluded, the Bishops who had assisted returned to their seats. THE SERMON was preached by the Bishop of London, who, before the conclusion of the Creed, had ascended the pulpit, placed against the pillar at the north-east corner of the theatre; the Queen sitting in her chair on the south side of the Altar, over against the pulpit, with the Bishop of Duvham standing on her right, and beyond him, on the same side, the noblemen carrying the swords ; on her left hand the Bishop of Bath and Wells, and the Lord Great Chamberlain. On the north side of the Altar the Arch bishop of Canterbury sat in a purple velvet chair ; near the Archbishop stood Garter King of Arms, and on the south side, east of the Queen's chair, nearer to the Altar, the Dean and Prebendaries of Westminster. THE OATH. The sermon being concluded, and Her Majesty having on Monday, the 20th day of November, 1837, in the presence of the two houses of Parliament, made and signed the declaration, the Archbishop advanced toward the Queen, and standing before her addressed Her Majesty thus — Madam, Is your Majesty willing to take the oath ? And the Queen answering, I am willing, The Archbishop ministered these questions ; and the Queen, having a copy of the printed form and order of the Coronation Service in her hands, answered each question severally, as follows : — Archbishop. — Will you solemnly promise and swear to govern the people of this United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the dominions thereto belonging, according to. the statutes in. Parliament agreed on, and the respective laws and customs of the same ? Queen. — I solemnly promise so to do. Archbishop. — Will you to the utmost of your power cause law and justice, in mercy, to be executed in all your judgments ? Queen. — I will. Archbishop.— Will you to the utmost of your power maintain the laws of God; the true- profession of the Gospel, and the Pro testant reformed religion established by. law ? And will you maintain and preserve inviolably the settlement of the United Church of E.ng- and Ireland, and the doctrine, worship, dis cipline, and government thereof, as by law established with England and Ireland, and the territories thereunto belonging? And will you preserve unto the bishops and clergy of England and Ireland, and to the churches there, committed to their charge, all such rights and privileges as by law do or shall appertain to them or any of them ? Queen. — All this I promise to-do. Then the Queen, rising out of her chair, attended by her supporters, and assisted by the Lord Great Chamberlain, the -Sword' of State alone being carried before Her Majesty, proceeded to the Altar, where, kneeling on the cushion placed on the steps, and laying her ; right hand upon the Holy Gospel in the ; Great Bible, which had been carried in the procession, and was now brought from the Altar by the Archbishop and tendered to Her Majesty,, she took the coronation oath, saying these words : — The things ' which I have here before promised I will perform and keep. So help me God. Then the Queen kissed the book, and to a transcript of the oath set her Royal sign manuel, the Lord Chamberlain of the House hold holding a silver standish for that pur pose; delivered to him by an officer of the Jewel- office. ; , THE , ANOINTING. Tlie Queen, having thus taken the oath, re turned to her chair on the south side of the Altar, where Her Majesty had sat during the sermon. While kneeling at her faldstool the hymn, Veni, Creator Spiritus, was sung by the choir, the Archbishop of Canterbury reading the first line— ' i../. Come. Holy. Ghost, our souls inspire, . And warm thenrwith thy heav'nly fire; Thou who. th' Aiioiuting Spirit art, To us thy sevenfold gifts impart. -.Let thy bless'd unction from above ; Be to us comfort, life and love ; Enable with celestial light The weakness of our mortal sight. Anoint our hearts, and cheer our face With the abundance of thy grace ; Keep far our foes, give peace at home, Where thou dost dwell no ill can come. Teach us to know the Father, Son, And Spirit of both, to be but one ; That so through ages all along, This may be our triumphant song. In thee, O Lord, we make our boast, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. thft livmn tipinrr oiirlpd flio a -rohhievi/vrk read the following prayer, preparatory to the anointing - . " O Lord, Holy Father, who by annointing with oil didst of old make and consecrate kings, priests, and prophets, to teach and govern thy .people, Israel, bless and sanctify thy chosen servant Victoria, who by our office and ministry is now to be anointed wit lj this oil (here' the Archbishop laid his hand upon the ampulla) and consecrated the Queen of this realm ; strengthen her, O Lord, with the Holy Ghost, the comforter: confirm and stablish her with thy free and princely spirit, the spirit of wisdom and government, the spirit of counsel and ghostly strength, the the spirit of knowledge and true godliness and fill her, O Lord, with the spirit of thy holy fear, now and for ever. Amen." -The choir then sang the anthem : — Zadok tlie priest and Nathan the prophet anointed Solomon king : and all the people rejeiced and said ; " God save the king, long live the king, may the king live for ever !" Amen. Hallelujah. At the commencement of the Anthem the Queen, rising from her devotions, went be fore the Altar, attended by her supporters, and assisted by the Lord Great Chamberlain, the Sword of State being carried before her, when the Mistress of the Robes, assisted by the Lord Great Chamberlain, divested Her Majesty of lier crimson robe, " — of wondrous work and cost, Of crimson velvet, and with gold embost." which was immediately carried by the Groom of thy Robes into St. Edward's Chapel. . The Queen then proceeded to King Edward's chair, which was placed in the midst of the area ..oyer against the Altar, covered with cloth of gold, with a faldstool before it, and sat down, to he . anointed. Four Knights Of , the Garter — namely, the Duke of Rutland, the Marquis of Anglesey, the Marquis of Ex eter, and the Duke of Buccleuch (summoned by Deputy Garter) — held over Her Majesty a rich pall of silk, or cloth of gold, delivered to them by the Lord Chamberlain, who had received it from an officer of the Wardrobe. The anthem being concluded the Dean of Westminster, taking the ampulla and spoon from, the Altar, held them ready, pouring some of the holy oil into the spoon, with which the Archbishop then anointed the Queen, in the form of a cross, on the crown of the head, and on the palms of both the hands, pronouncing the words : — " Be thou anointed with holy oil, as kings, priests, and prophets were anointed. And as Solomon was anointed king, of Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, so be you anointed, blessed, and consecrated over this people, whom the Lord your God hath given you to rule and govern, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The Dean of Westminster then laid the ampulla and spoon upon the Altar, and the Queen kneeling at the faldstool, the Arch bishop, standing on the north side of the Altar, pronounced this prayer or blessing over her : — " Our Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God, who by His Father was anointed with the oil of gladness above His fellows, by His holy anointing, pour down upon your head and heart the blessing of the Holy Ghost, and prosper the works of your hands i that by the assistance of His heavenly grace you may preserve the people committed to your charge in wealth, peace and godliness ; and after a long and glorious course of ruling this temporal kingdom wisely, justly, and religiously, you may at last be made partaker of an eternal kingdom, through the merits of Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen." This prayer being ended, the Queen arose and resumed her seat in St. Edward's chair. The Knights of the Garter having returned the pall to the Lord Chamberlain, who de livered it again to the Officer of the Wardrobe went to their proper seats. THE SPURS AND SWORD, AND THE OBLATION OF THE SWORD. The spurs were brought from the Altar by the Dean of Westminster, and delivered to the Lord Great Chamberlain, who kneeling down, presented them to the Queen, who forthwith returned them to be laid upon the Altar. Lord Viscount Melbourne, who car ried the Sword of State, now delivered to the Lord Chamberlain (who gave it to an officer of the Jewel House, to be deposited in the Transverse of King Edward's Chapel), and received in lieu thereof, from the Lord Cham berlain, another sword, in a scabbard of pur ple, which he delivered to the Archbishop, who, laying it upon the Altar, said the fol lowing prayer : — "Hear our prayers, O Lord, we beseech Thee, and support our servant, Queen Victoria that she may not wear the sword in vain, but may use it as the minister of God for the terror and punishment of evil-doers, and for the protection and encouragement of those that do well, through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen." Then the Archbishop took the sword from off the Altar, and the Archbishops of York and Armagh, the Bishops of London, Win chester, and others going along with him, de livered it into the Queen's right hand, and saying :— " Receive this kingly sword, brought now from the altar of God, and delivered to you by the hands of us the bishops and servants of God, though unworthy. With this sword do justice, stop the growth of iniquity, pro tect the holy Church of God, help and de fend widows and orphans, restore the things that are gone to decay, maintain the things that are restored, punish and reform what is amiss, and confirm what is in good order ; that, doing those things, you may be glorious in all virtue ; and so faithfully serve our Lord Jesus Christ in this life that you may reign for ever with Him in the life which is to come. Amen." Then the Quaen, rising and going to the Altar, offered the sword in the scabbard, and delivered it to the Archbishop, who placed it on the Altai1, after which the Queen returned and sat down in King Edward's chair. The sword was then redeemed for 100 shillings by Viscount Melbourne, who received it from off the altar by the Dean of Westminster, and, drawing it out of the scabbard (which he delivered to an Officer of the Wardrobe) bore it, unsheathed, before Her Majesty during the remainder of the solemnity. The Archbishops and Bishops who had assisted during this oblation returned to their places. THE INVESTING WITH THE ROYAL ROBE AND THE DEL VERY OF THE ORB. Then the Queen rising, the Imperial Man tle, or Dalmatic Robe, of cloth of gold, lined or furred with ermine, was, by an Officer of the Wardrobe, delivered to the Dean of West minster, and by him put on the Queen, stand ing; the Queen having received it, sat down. The orb with the cross was then brought from the Altar by the Dean of Westminster, and delivered into the Queen's right hand by the Archbishop, pronouncing this blessing and exhortation :— " Receive this imperial robe and orb, and the Lord your God endue you with knowledge and wisdom, with majesty and with power from on high ; the Lord clothe you with the robe of righteousness and with the garments of saluation. And when you see this orb set under the cross, remember that the whole world is subject to the power and Empire of Christ our Redeemer ; for He is the Prince of the kings of the earth, King of kings, and Lord of lords. So that no man can reign happily who derives not liis authority from Him, and directs not alibis actiohs according to His laws." The Queen delivered her orb to the Dean of Westminster, to be laid by/him upon the Altar. THE INVESTUBE PER-' ANNULUM ET BACCUL1JM. ' An officer of the Jewel-house now delivered to the Lord Chamberlain, who delivered to the Archbishop, the Queen's ring, in which a table jewel is enclosed ; the Archbishop put it on the fourth finger of Her Majesty's right hand, saying :— " Receive this ring, the ensign of kingly dignity and of defence of the Catholic faith . and as you are this day solemnly invested in the government of this earthly kingdom, so you may be sealed with that spirit of promise which is the earnest of heavenly inheritance and reign with Him, who is the only Poten tate, to whom be glory for ever and ever Amen. ' . Then the Dean of Westminister brought the sceptre and rod to the Archbishop, and the Lord of the Manor of Worksop (who olaims to hold an estate by virtue of the ser vice of presenting to the Queen a right hand glove on the day of her coronation, and sup porting the Queen's right arm while she holds the sceptre with the cross) delivered to the Queen a pair of rich gloves, and as occasion happened afterwards supported Her Majesty's right arm, or held the sceptre by her side. Th gloves being put on, the Archbishop delivered the sceptre with the cross into the Queen's left hand, saying : — " Receive the Royal Sceptre, the ensign of kingly power and justice." Then he delivered the Rod with Dove into the Queen's left hand, saying:— " Receive the rod of equity and mercy, and God, from whom all holy desires, all good counsels, and all just works do proceed, direct and assist you in the administration and exercise of all these powers which He hath given you. Be so merciful that you be not too remiss ; so execute justice that you forget not mercy. Judge with righteousness and reprove with equity, and except no man's person. Abase the proud and lift up the lowly ; punish the wicked, protect and cherish the just, and lead your people into the way wherein they should go ; thus in all things following His great great and holy example, of whom the prophet David said, « Thou lovest righteousness, and hatest ini quity ; the sceptre of Thy kingdom is the right sceptre,' even Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen." THE PUTTING ON OF THE CROWN. The Archbishop, standing before the altar, then took the crown into his hands, and lay ing it again before him on the alter, said : " O God, who crownest Thy faithful ser. vants with mercy and loving kindness, look down upon this Thy servant, Victoria, our Queen, who now in lowly devotion boweth her head to Thy Divine Majesty (here the Queen bowed head) ; and as Thou dost this day set a crown of pure gold upon her head, so enrich her royal heart with Thy heavenly grace, and crown her with princely virtues, which may adorn the high station wherein Thou has placed her, through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen." The Queen, still sitting in King Edward'B chair, the Archbishop, assisted by the same Arehbishops and Bishops as before, left the altar ; the Dean of Westminster brought the crown, and the Archbishop, taking it from him, reverently placed it upon the Queen's head. Immediately Her Majesty was crowned, the Peers and Peeresses put on their coronets, Bishops their caps, and King-of-Arms their crowns. " Soon as the royal brow received the crown, And Majesty put all her glories on, Straight on a thousand coronets we gaze — Straight all around was oneimperial blaze." The effect was magnificent in the extreme. The shouts which followed this part of the ceremony was really tumultuous, and all but made " the vaulted roof rebound." A signal was given the instant the crown was placed on the Queen's head— the great guns at the Tower fired a Royal salute, which gave an additional but somewhat startling solemnity to the occasion. The acclamation ceasing, the Archbishop said : " Be strong and of good courage ; observe the commandments of God, and walk in His Holy ways ; fight the good fight of faith, and lay hold on eternal life, that in this world you may be crowned with success and honor, and when you have finished your course re ceive a crown of righteousness, which God, the righteous Judge, shall give you in that day. Amen." The Anthem followed. " The Queen shall rejoice in Thy strength' OLord; exceeding glad shall she be in Thy salvation. Thou hast presented her with blessings of goodness, and hast s&:- a crown of pore gold on her head. Hallelujf&i; 1 Amen." THE PRESENTATION OF THE HOLY BIBLE. The Dean of Westerminster then took the Holy Bible, which waf'carrisd in the proces sion from the altar/ and delivered to the Archbishop, who, with the same Archbishops and Bishops as before going along with him, presented it to the Queen, saying : " Our gracious Queen, we present you with this book, the most valuable thing the world affords. Here is wisdom : this is the Royal law : these are the lively oracles of God. Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the word of this book, that keep, and do, the things contained in it. For these are the words of eternal life, able to make you wise and happy in this world, nay, wise unto salvation, and so happy for evermore, through faith which is in Jesus Christ, to whom be glory for ever. Amen." The Queen delivered back the Bible to the Archbishop, who gave it to the Dean of West minster, to be reverently placed again on the holy Aitar. The Archbishops and Bishops who had assisted returned to their seats. THE BENEDICTION AND TE DEUM. And now the Queen, having been thus anointed and crowned, and having received a'i the ensigns of Royalty, the Archbishop solemnly blessed Her Majesty ; all the Bishops, with the rest of the Peers, following every part of the Benediction, with a loud and hearty Amen. " The Lord bless and keep you ; the Lord make the light of his countenance shine for ever upon you, and be gracious unto you; the Lord protect you in all your ways, pre serve you from every evil thing, and prosper you in everything good. Amen. " The Lord give you a faithful senate, wise and upright counsellors and magistrates, a loyal nobility and dutiful gentry ; a pious and learned and useful clergy ; an honest,' in dustrious and obedient commonality. Amen " In your days may mercy and truth meet together, and righteousness and peace kiss each other ; may wisdom and knowledge be the stability of your times, and the fear of the Lord your treasure. Amen. " The Lord make your days many, your reign prosperous, your fleets and armiea victorious ; and may you be reverenced Q1 beloved by all your subjects, and ever increase in favour with God and man. Amen. " The glorious Majesty of the Lord our God be upon you; may he bless you with all temporal and spiritual happiness in this world and crown you with immortality in the world to come. Amen." Then the Archbishop, turning to the people, said : — " And the same Lord God Almighty grant that the clergy and nobles assembled here for this great and solemn service' and together with them all the people of the land, fearing God and honouring the Queen, may by the merciful superintendency of the Divine Pro vidence, and the vigilant care of our gracious Sovereign, continually enjoy peace, plenty and prosperity, through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom, with the Eternal Father, and God the Holy Ghost, be glory in the Churoh world without end. Amen." The Choir then began to sing the Te Beum and the Queen wen to the chair on which her Majesty first sat, on the east side of the throne, the two Bishops her supporters, the Great Officers and other Peers attending her, everyone in his place, the two swords being carried hefore her, she there reposed herself A gleam of sunshine which now broke through the south great rose windows lighted right en Her Majesty's crown, which sparkled like a galaxy, and lent a still more dazzling brilliancy to the scene. Then followed the Te Beum. (To be continued). 