FICTION. From KnglttU, tmrrlonu, «nit Otiivr Peri« til eui«. THE "MYSTERY. CHAPTER XXIV. A GAME OF SHADOWS. " Well, Frank," said Grace to her brother, as they sat together in her sowing room that afternoon. " You had a vnry pretty little mystery about Miss Darling, but it didn't last long." " No," said the doctor, curiously studying his sister's face, *§no, it didn't last long. I hope she has not made away with herself.*-' ' " Yes, so do I. By the way, Frank, did you know that Babette saw Harry Delaplaine's ghost last night?" It was G race who studied Frank's countenance now but sho'Siudied in vain for there was only assort of indifferent surprise depicted there. " Now, don't bo so exasperating, Frank," Bhe ex- claimed. You know very well that you aro in- terested in that." '. " Indeed, my enigmatical, mystery-hunting sister, I kno>v that it doesn't matter to me how many or whose ghosts Babette sees since T know very well where they all come from-an overloaded stomach." *' I know, too, and I made up my mind-" " A Delaplaine mind," interjected the Doctor. " Yes, my Delaplaine mind, that I would know the meaning of all this mystery as well as you, if there waa any wit in me. And I think I know very well where the ghosts come from, Doctor Frank." The young man frowned slightly. " You have done nothing unseoinly, Grace." Grace flushed. '' You ought to know rae well enough not to even suggest that, Frank." " So I do, Grace. Forgive me ; but when I see you so eagerly hunting down the secrets-such as they are-of this family, I don't quite like it." " Tut, Frank ; nobody cares more for the honor of the family than I, and while I will learn all I can with propriety, I will take good care to betray nothing." " But you were about to betray something to me." " I can't tell you anything you don't know ; that I am sure of." " That may or may not be. Certainly sister mine» I know very little of any Delaplaine secrets." " You knew early yesterday morning that Miss Darling was not sick, but had left the house." " Ho ! what an assertion !" "Yes, and you know Miss Darling before ever she came here." " Rose has been poisoning your mind." " Babette saw Master Harry's ghost last night." " It's unlucky to see a ghost. I'm glad 'twasn't I." " A choice form of boned turkey, a roll of butter, a loaf of broad, etcetera, etcetera, disappeared from the pantry last night." " No wonder Babette saw a ghost. She ought to have seen a dozen of her own departed rolatives." " Babette ate none of those things. I've had new locks put on the pantry and closets." " You're a somnambulist. You go about at dead of night and eat untold quantities of indigestible things." " Bosh ! Kate Delaplaine procured duplicate keys from me soon after I changed the locks." " Surely bho had the right." " Surely she had, brother Frank. When we all ran out to see what made Babette scream last night, it was she who asked the girl what was the matter. " You can't convict her of Miss Darling's murder on such evidence." "Who's speaking of Miss Darling? Babette answered in a low voice that she had seen Master Harry's ghost. Captain Delaplaine wanted to know what she had said, and what do you suppose Miss Delaplaine answered ?" " That Babette liad shared a boned turkey aud etceteras with her, thus correctly accounting for it." " Gibe on, brother mine. No ; she said that Babette thought she had seen Wild Harry's ghost." " Harry Delaplaine was called so." " So was Harry Gower ; and it was he Kate meant." "Well, what of it?" ° " Babetta has gone home, and Kate has be en dis trait all day." " Try eating the whole of a boned turkey and see if you would not be distrait." "Then you suspect her of having taken the things ?" " Indeed I suspect nobody ; I only listen to what you say." " If I were not a very good sister Í would not say one word to such an ingrate. Here do I tell you facts and suspicions in order that you may be able when the time comes, if ever it does come to helh this family, and you in return only laugh at me." The doctor made no answer, but thoughtfully stared out of the window. Grace watched him fondly and proudly, thinking in her heart that if ever man was<woithy of peer- less Kate, he was that man. He so intellectually strong, so self-contained, so noble. "It can never be;'I do believe ; but I know he will be the happier to be of service to her, and somebody can be, for she is in trouble." "Grace"-he turned abruptly-"tell me, if you will, what do you suspect ?" " I hardly dare even whisper it to myself, Frank." " Ah !" He turned away again and softly drummed on the wind*w-pane'. " I have noticed"-he turned to listen-" that there is no mourning for Harry. These eatables have disappeared before. I suspect that for some violence he is in hiding in the house. He may be a maniac even. He may have been in some way connected with Miss Darling's disappearance. I know Kate would not let you see the room when you wanted to. Why ?" " Why ?" echoed Frank, in a whi-pi'r of horror. Knowing what he did, a flood of sickening sus- picions overwhelmed him. Suspicions so strong that tiley seemed to him proven facts. He recalled every word nnd gesture cf the captain and his dnughter, put one thing and another together, and, as if he had witnessed everything, saw as in a picture Harry Field and Harry Delaplaine merge into the same man, saw that he had fled to his home instead of killing himself, and saw him wreaking his mad rage on tile fair young wife so strangely put in his power. I And Kate know it ! Oh, Heaven! The strong man sank nerveless into a chair and buried his face in his hands. " Frauk, dear," cried Grace, in alarm. " Nothing, nothing," he said, hoarsely ; " but, Grace, if the savage scoundrel has done this thing, he shall die, though-" " Say nothing rash, Frank, dear," exclaimed Grace, dismayed and alarmed to see her usually calm brother so moved. "No," he said, slowly. "I will neither say or do anything rash, but somehow I must sleep in this house to-night." "That's easily done, Frank. It's seldom the captain lets you go without urging you to stay. I can see a storm coming up. Stay to dinner, remain late, and there will be no difliculty." ', " Let it lie so, then. I will take a walk to cool my thoughts." Grace shook her head as he left her, and said to herself : , " Something dreadful has happened." t> 'Very much as Kate, so short a time before, had studied the groat house, did the young doctor do so now. With a keener eye, and a better knowledge of architecture, he scanned the wings and angles ; but lacking the knowledge of the plan of the house possessed by Kate, ho could not come to as ready a conclusion. But by adroit questions put to Grace on his return to the house ho formed as fair a con- clusion as she had done of the probable hiding-place of the man he had made up his mind to seek. Everything happened as Grace had planned as to his spending the night at Gower Hall, and not even Kate suspected any ulterior purpose in tho stay of the man she took the trouble to so dislike. Little did either the queenly, haughty Kate, or the self-contained resolute doctor dream what the consequences of his stay at the Hall that night would be. Had either known, she ia her impreg- nable pride, he in his immovable strength of pur- pose would have gone straight on in the selected path. After the members of the family had retired to their rooms, the doctor, conveniently and designedly located to carry on his search, sat before his fire pondering over the singular chain of events that had led to his presence on such a mission in that house. A mission which he realised would be, if auccessful, and his suspicious correct, fraught for the utmost misery and shame for the woman whom of all the world he would bo most glad to serve, Shame because in her height of pride the blow that struck down her brother would, in her estimation, rebound to the family discredit. He could not falter, however ; and waiting until he was satisfied that all were wrapped in sleep, he left his room, and entered upon his singular quest. With a strange fatality, he followed almost in the footsteps trodden by Kate the first awful night she looked into the secret chambers. He entered the same empty room, and peered out into the ghastly moonlight as a passing break in tho clouds showed a fitful gleam. He recognised his position, and retraced his steps to the door. His foot was on the threshold, when a faint rustle, an indistinct footfall caught his ear. In the darkness ho could only see a shadowy something gliding along the corridor toward him, A brave man, a man of iron nerve, he yet felt a momentary quickening of his heart's throbbing a* the ghastly sight. The shadow flitted on, turned undecidedly toward him fora moment, wavered, and disappeared into a room opposite the one he stood in. His first impulse was to dart in pursuit, and he would have acted upon it, but in a sudden a flood of light illumined the corridor, and then as suddenly went out. A second later, a light, stealthy footfall passed his door, aud peering out, he saw a white form disappearing in the gloom. Again lie would have started in pursuit, but again he was checked. From the opposite room silently emerged another whito form, which, stand- ing in the corridor, seemed to wait. Bewildered by these sudden appearances and disappearances, he stoad motionless, waiting, like the shadow before aim. As they stood thus, the great hall clock began its midnight clamour. He listened; the shadow seemed to liston. The last stroke sounded. A pro- longed howl came weirdly up from the hall. The doctor shuddered; the shadow sighed, and us if but waiting for that, turned and glided up the corridor. Again that sudden flood of light-again darkness. But this time the doctor was determined to fathom the meaning of it all, and his foot was over the threshold, when a rapid pat-pat of feet flying toward him stopped him. A white, panting figure flew past him. He followed noiselessly. Ho knew now the meaning of the sudden flood of light. Ho saw the panel opWT His. hand was on it before it could close again, and ero his eyes could accustom them- selves to the brilliant light) his ears were smitten to the agonizing cry, in Kate's familiar tones : " Oh, Harry, Agnes ? Where is she ? What have you done with her ?" A wild laugh, and one word, fiercely uttered : "Dead!" Doctor Delaplaine sprang into the mysterious room, and with horror and loathing depicted on his face, confronted Harry Delaplaine. (To he continued.) No MOKE HARD TIMES.-If you will stop spend- ing so much on fine clothes, rich food and style, buy good, healthy food, cheaper and better clothing j get more real and substantial things of life every way, and especially stop the foolish habit of employing expensive quack doctors or using so I much of the vile humbug medicine that does you only harm, but put your trust in that simple, pure remedy, Dn. SOULE'S AMERICAN HOP BITTERS ; that cures always at a trifling cost, and you will see good times and havo good health. " Clnouicle." 7100 Tan*oep.-Seo the Photographs at all «railway statibiikcff Dixon & Sons Conqueror Tobalcfc|Eno> toryf ilifc/largest manufactory of Tobacco, hLf<\\}r sumes Thore American leaf than any other in tl|e Southern hemisphere. Dixon's only brands are Yankee"Doodle, Conqueror (more Conqueror is sold than any other brand in Australia), Sir Roger (thick twist), Champion (Gold leaf), and Dixon's Cut Tobaccos, also some cheaper kinds of flat and twist. | Since the 24th of February last telephonic com- munication has been established between the Stock Exchanges of Paris and Brussels, and extensions are at present in progrgss, which, when completed, will allow subscribeis to converse from their own offices. It is reported|that blowers of gas of exceptional size havo been met with in the Vale Colliery, Merthyr Tjdvil, the proprietors of which have succeeded in collecting the gas and conducting ifrto the surface, where it is purified and used for ligWj in¿ purposes. 