CONSECRATION OF A ROMIN CATHOLIC IlISIIOP. [FRIDAY'S AGO.] The consecration of the Very' Rev. Dr. Corbett, who is to be the first bishop of the new see of Gippoland, took place at St. Mary's Church, St. Kilda, yester day. Archbishop Carr was the consecra tory prelate; and he was supported by Dr. Reynolds, Archbishop of Adelaide ; Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Tasmania; Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland (N.S.W.); Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat; nd Dr. Reville, Coadjutor- Bishop of Sandhurst. Dean Beochinor, of Launceston ; Prior Vaughan, Superior of the Redomptorist order of New South Wales ; Very Rov. Donaghy, Prior Butler, Very Rev. C. Nulty, S.J., and a number of other clergy were also present on the occasion. Tioe bishops and clergy preceded by acolytes bearing lighted candles entered the church in procession, anti proceeded to the sanctuary. Til ceremony was commenced by Archbishop Carr calling upon the Very Rev. J. Hegarty to read the mandate of his Holiness the Pope, during which the bishop-elect sat facing the altar. He was then called upon to make his declaration of faith and loyalty to the church, after which the mass was begun. At the introit Dr. Corbett was conducted to thle high alter, where lie prostrated himself, being blindfolded and the Gospels placed on his shoulders by thie Very Rov. Dean Donaghy, who naced as muster of ceremonies through-i out. The Archbishop then came for ward and performied the consecration, anointing tie bishop elect with holy oil on the forehead, and afterwards om bracing him, as dlid the other bishops. Ti' cerermlonly w0ts completed by the Archbishop placing tlhI ring upon the bislhp elect's finger andI the mitro upon his head. The crozier was thou placed in his hand, and he was conducted to a sent in front of the high alter. The sermon was preacheld by the lice. J. O'Farrell, O.S.S.R., one of the Re lemptorist Fathers from Waratah, New South Wales. He took for his text the words from the Gespel of St. Matthew, And Jesus advancing said unto them, All power is given to me in heaven and on earth; go ye, therefore, teach all nations, baptising them in the name.of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, instructing them to observe all that I have commanded you ; a?d behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of tho.world." Tihe rev. gentleman, after..ledwollitag on the importance of the ceremony just completed, said that by receiving the episcopal ring the new bishop was reminded that' he was now. hbound -by great, obligations, as he was now more closely united with God, who had be stowed a mark of distinction upon him. By the crozier, his pastoral staff, he was invested with o'piscopal authority, and reniinded that he must he a just and zealous guardian of tie flock entrusted to his care. The mitre placed upon his annointed head reminded him that ie must fight the battles of Christ and lead his flock on to victory. He congratu lated his hearers on being present at so important i ceremony, and sympathised with the new Bishop's late parishioners on the loss of their late zealous pastor, who had led them and endeared himself to them for 25 years. r" ' The musical performances woro under the direction of - Miss "i,'ilkinson, iwho iprisided at the organ. 'Haydn's Imperial Mlass was sunr, the prin cipals being Miss Kate Maher, Miss t'redorica Mitchell, Mr. Mavor and Mr. Thompson. At the-offertory thoe hymn .Veni Sancto Spiritu was sung by ':Mr. Thompson; Zengarelli's Laudato was sung by Mr. Mayor, assisted by the full choruse on the entraince of the procession. Aftor the consecration the To Deum (Lambal lotte's), which was brought from Europe .by Miss Wilkinson, was sung by the full choir; and the Hallelujah Chortis from the Messiah was -endered by the full choir at the conclusion of the service. 