LLKE AND_ USNLilE Br M. E. BUanDnor, Anithr of ' Lady Audly'd Secret,' Etc. CHArT m XXXIX.-(COaEmoeED.) There was a silunce. Mr. Melaooto did not volnnteer any Information as to his birth or parentage. He was a Curious little man in this wise, and, except for his African experiences, seamed to be a man without a h.a'.ry. Bir Adrian wondered how his friendship with Colonel Devcrill could have oome about. The two men seemed to have so little in common. From a good natured impulas, rather than for any partlou'ar reason, he asked Mr. Melnolte o dinner, an Invitation which was promptly accepted. 'It is alwaya a ploasuzo to vitit euch a heco- as youre, Sir Alri'u,' he e ai ; ' a hu.,. with a llet.ory. No dcubt th. AbBey bas its history.' SYes, It has a good many histories, or .traditions.' 'Any ghosts. Any story of a dark crime in the remote past ?' 'I have heard of neither ghost nor crime.' 'Well, it in a noble old house, even aithout those embelliihmenti,'eaidMelnotte, cheeorllly, 'and the park and gardens are perfect. This is a tributary of the OChad, I suppose, this river in your grounds.' SYes, it unites with the Ohad lower down,' 'A swift, deepieh river, eh ' 'Swift and deep.' 'It makes a very pretty feature in your grounds. Nothing like water for giving beau.v and variety to a landscape. To. m.rrow evcring, ar eight, I thank you said, Sir Adrian Good night' Mr. Melnotto croeed n reutio bridge and disappeared in the twilight on the turther bank, while Adrian strolled slowly along the cypress walk. - . Hes was met by Lucy Frecmantle, who A' anoonsoolously nggested a reminlseonce of Shakispeare's Beatrice. 'I have been sent to ask you to come to tea,' bse said, blushing a little, her com plexion of lilies and rosec looking brighter than ever in the grey winter atmosphere. ' You were very good to take so muoh trouble about me,' answered Adrian, as they S .abook hands. S ' Oh, it was no trouble. I am always glad of a run. Mother and I camo to call upon Lady Belieold, and Lady Belfield was getting fldgetty about you, so mother told me to run and look for you, and I guessed I bhould I and you this way.' ' Bow clover of you.' They were on very friendly terms, Lucy bavingknowntho Abbey and theAbbey people all her life. A few years ago when she had been in the nursery she had looked up to Sir Adrian as a very grand personage, standing I as it were apart from all other young men I apon the strength of a superior position and superior attainments, but of late she had felt c herself more upon a level with him, and more I at her ease in his society. He oalled her aouy, as a matter of oourse, hiving known i her in pinafores, but she called him Sir I Adrian. SIs my br6ther at home?' he asked, as I they walked towards the Abbey. 'No, there is no one but Lady Belfield and I )mother. They are talking parish talk- a about the poor old people and their allments -suoh dreadful complications. How hard it seems that the poor should suffdr in all ways. I People who know nothing about them think i they are healthy and hardy bcoaueo of their ( acanty fare and open-air life ; but when one I comes to know them, one finds that theory a hollow mookery. The open air may be very good for us, but the poor get too much I of it. Sho spoke warmly, having just oome from a scene of suffering in one of the cottages. She c was a frank, warm hearted, energetic girl, tall and strong, in thefull bloom of youth and , beauty, a girl for whom life meant action I and duty, not dress and pleasoro, Yet at a county ball she danced as gaily as the most feather- headed of her sisters, and never com- I plained, as they did, of an evening being slow. Lady Belflold and M:s Freemantle were eilting by the fire in the Inner drawiogroom, .Jthe cosy tea table and hissing kettle between -them, They had been joined by Mr. Book stone, who sat in one ot the most luxurious of the largo arm chairs, with bie legs I stretched out in front tI the hearth, basking a In the glow of a friendly fireside, after a long t day among his poorest pmrlshioners. They were talking of Valentine. 'He ought to make an effort, my dear Lady Balfleld,' said the Vicar. ' The blow t that has fallen upon him is a heavy one, but t It is almost unmanly to sucoumb as he has ' done. His whole being is undergoing I deterioration. He has brJoded upon the one great wrong until hit Houl has become steeped in gall. feo is misanthrope at an age when men generally love their fellow creatures. Something mues be done to save a him from himself.' ' Yes, something must be done,' echoed Mrs. Freemantle. ' Ic is terrible to see a Line young man like Valentine lapain into physical and moral decay. My husband b tells me that he ahons all his old friends- 9 does not even show at the meet, and rides in Y a way that shows he cares no more for other a people's lives than he does for his own. He 0 ought to go to Australia.' SThat is the remedy, Mrs. Freemantle,' said the Vioar, 'a now country- - uetralia, or the Bed River distriot-a new and not too eivilised oouutry--utterly new surroundings. That kind of thing is your only Aothe ; the enly remedy for a mind diseased. I know it would grieve you to part with him, my dear Lady B.lflold, but you would have himn back in two or three years, a now man. Whereas, if you let him stay here, decay la ioevitable. You remumber what Diokens says about the dry rot in a man. Im afrald poor Valentine'a is a careof dry rot.' 'I would do anythlno for his welfare nsorifice anything,'replidi Lidy Belfield. 'Then you and Adrimn mnst pot your c heads together and persualc him to travel ; California, Texas, Red It,.c , or even Africa, r i hoe fancies shooting antelopee, or decalion 0 in buaaloee. You oan take advantage of y ttbhi Mr. rfeloottc, who is a mighty traveller. p hbe grand thing Is to rou?c Valentina from I bla present apathy, and set him going in gome a way.' SI am entirely of your opinion, Vicar,' said o Adrian. * My brother wanes new surround- v ings. A young man without aiim or Interesls, I moping away his life in a country place, is a sorry spetlaole. I will take him in hand to- t night.' ' Do, my dear Adrian,' uexlaimed Mrs. t 'reemantle. ' I have kuuwn you and your brboher too long to be able to see either of you golog wrong without speaking my mind.' p They ast round the fire Ifr some time after t this, talking of many tbiune, enjoying the blaze of the great pine logs, and the aroma ! of Lady Bolfleld's excellent tea-but two I among them wero heavy at heart, obeerful as the general tone of the conversation might E be. For Adrian there had been no soub i thing as happiness, or even peace of mind, iones that fatal night. His lilfe had been ono long pretence. It was a hunting day, and on snah days Valentine always stayed out among the latest, rarely appearing until after dinner. He would come into the house on the stroke ol eight, perhaps, and would be changing bis clothes, while the others were dining. He would dine alone between nine anud ten, at a littletablo in front of the bllliardroom fire He had never been a gourmand, but he ate now wlth the air of a man who hardly knows what be Is eating-taking anything the servante et before him,. and drinking more than was good for him. * He ain't got no appreciation of a nice little dinner,'-said Andrew, despondently. * It don't pay toe take pains ab out it, Mrs. Marrable, as I tleuaoook...Give hbip bottle < of burgundy, and the Ilqoor stand after | dinner, and hoe aska no quetione.' There was no more of those cherry lte drinklnga with the mother after the day's sport ; no more recitals of the day's a?dsntores. The young man went out alone in'the morning, moody and silent; be aomo home in the eamo temper. His mother had watohed him in quiet grief, hoping that as "s months went by the bruised spirit would elover: hot time eerned nrlv to, deepen Piblisissd by >pacl ui uie u.ei. o.s . »ruueaobr. Luta aieiiulg giuuli, s1 0 uA 1s4u aus had grown hopeless. Taus it was that she was ready to receive any plausible suegestion. He was late on this partioular evening, and it was not until half.past nine that he was ready for his dinner. I'll go and talk to him after he has dined, said A4rian, who had been lingering aore deo+aet witth his mother, trying to oheer her with the promise of brighter days. SDo, dear. For pity's sake influence him for good. I am helplese. HIis mind is a sealed book to me. ie he never con tided in me from the time of his boyhood. ie hase taken his own way always, for good or for evil.' Valentine was silting in a Glastonbury chair in front of the wide fireplace, hes burgundy decan!er be'cro him, a!mcst empty. The lamps over the billiard-table were unlighted, and the spacious room was half in shadow. The firelight flickered on guns and swords in the recess at the further end, and there was a circle of soft light round the spot where Valentine sat from the shaded colza lamp on the small Sather. land table. SA good run, Vat ' asked Adrian, seating himself opposite his brother. Pretty good.' 'You must have killed uncommonly late.' ' We gilled at sunseot, an Plimpated Ridge.' ' But that means five o'clook, and a three. jqaateri of an hour's ride home. Where have )uu been since V' ' I do.'s know.' SValentine.' l))n't stare at me, man I I tell you I don't know, I have been riding about somewhere-losalg myself on the moor, if you like. Grcat iGod, if L could only loeo myself altogether-ride away into some enchanted valley, and go to sleep there for ever.' It was almost the first time he had spoken openly of his despair. From the hour of the crime until now there had been no eon fidence between the brothers. They had lived together, and talked of the daily boai ness of life, but there had been on im passable gulf betwixt the past and the present. By mutual consent they had been 'dumb. But to night Valentine was utterly worn out in mind and body, fagged, helpless, nervous. That powerful frame and strong self-reliant temper had been broken by the slow agonies of remorse. Brutalas the man's nature might be, consoienee was not dead in him. It had awakened in the hour when he found himself alone after his crime face to face with the memory of a murder. It had never slept since. 'Valentino,' began Adrian, earnestly, ' you are leading a miserable life. Things aonnot go on like this.' SYou mean that I had better do as your criminal of the lower classee sometimes does under ouch eiroumsetnoee-give myself up walk into Freemantle's study to-morrow morning and tell him that I killed my wife. Is that what you mean ?' 'No. It is too late for that course. What I mean is that you must leave the seene of your -- misadventure. You have lingered here too long. You must go away-to another continent - Africa, Australia, wherever you can find the resources which will give you mostrelief of mind. The past is past, Val. There is no help for that. Let it be past. You have suffered for your sin of a moment in all the long months that have gone by aineoo that fatal night. You will suffer more or less to the end.' 'More or less, no doubt. I have the privilege of an excellent memory,' answered Valentine, with quiveriog lips, staring gloomily at the fire, the inearnation of despair. ' Your self-torture can do no good to you or to anyone else. Far away, in the wild free life which suita your temperament, you will at least suffer loss. Anything would be betlter than the stagnation of your ex telence hereo. You are right. Anything would be better -but I think the boat would bedeath.' 'Don't say that, Val. Men have outlived worse sorrows than yours.' ' Men are made of very hard wood, and I flattered myself-till last summer-that I was teak or iron-wood ; but the dry rot of remorse bas got into me, all the same. I am worm-eaten to the very core. Yes. I think you are right, Adrian. I must get away from this place, if I don't want to become a howling lunatic. I have stayed here in a kind of gloomy despair, thinking that I could hardly be more miserable here than anywhere lseo-but you are right. I have stayed too long I will stay no longer. Here I am a caue. of misery to others as well as to myself. In the desert-or the bush-I shall boemy own man again. There will be no need for hypocrisy. I could lie on the ground face downwards and groan aloud without anybody calling me to ac oouenat. SYour mind will clear and lighten face to face with unsophisticated nature, Val,' said Adrian, who ebroughout this conversation had spoken with ineffabletenderncsu. ' You will begin a new life. Even the memory of your sorrow will be softened in that far.off atmosphere. You will look back upon your old self gently, as we remember the dead. You will have opportunities of helping others -of doing brave and generous deeds. You will be born again, a better and a wiser man, My brother-my beloved brother, the eecond half of myself, I have infinite faith in you yet.' He laid his hand carees. ingly upon his brother's shoulder. He felt as it a great burden was lifted off his heart by this conversation of to- night. For the firet time since the catastrophe that had wreaked both their lives, the brothers had spoken together freely. It was like a re newal of brotherly love. ' My dear Adrian, you are a great deal too good to me,' said Valentino, and this from him was maobh. 'Youmust go away, Val ; but you must do nothing hurriedly. Mrs. Freemantle was talk ing about you to my mother bthis afternoon, saying that you looked ill and mopish, and needed bchango. My mother admitted tbhe fast, and it was agreed that you should be persuaded to travel. Your departure will therefore seem perfectly natural to all this little world of Ohadford. There will be no appearanee of flight. Allyou have to think of, therefore, Is the place to which you would like to go-all you have to do is to follow the bent of your own inolination.' 'I will go to Africa. There is better sport there than in Australia-and a freer life. ' If you decide upon Afriea, Melnotte may be of use to you.' 'I don't like Molootte, and I don't believo in his African experiteo's. I etrongly sue pert that the man sle an imposter. He is coo glib.' DoBut his stories of adventure have a vivid air, as it hehad lived among Sbe scenrs and people he desaribes.' "The fellow is a good actor, that is all. Some rowdy adventurer whom the CJlonel has picked up in a gambling den. Mlelootte may have been to the Cape, perhaps. HIlis experiences in the interior I rank as sheer flotion.' Tlis idea agreed ouriously with Adrian's own vague suspiioina as to Mr. Melnotte's truthfulness. Those African stories of hie were rather too good and too pilturesque to have happened to one traveller. The average man's experiences are dull enoogh. They ring the bhangee open famine, fever and sport. BUt Melnotte seemed to have passed from hairbreadthescape toromanttisituatioo, from dramatio encounter to piotureeque rescue, with an electriecal 'rilianoy. He had slain his lions by the horde, and abshot hil gemabooks in heoetomba. There was ex aggeration, no doubt; but whether the man were an neainl imposter remained tp be proved. 'I don't want anybody's advice ?' onid Valentine decisvaleroly. 'H1 I can once brace myself op to leave this pslaoe, I bshall go to London, get the knled of eutefi I thleok necessary, and then sail for the Cape. Oaee there I can pick up the information I want about the Inlterior, and I shall plan my route from there.' ' When will yoa start !' 'I shall go to Leodon by an early train to.morsowasnd so the Oape by tho first godd steamr'r that can carry m'e there.' So.morrnw ?! Th'bat's poon' ' Why abtull I dJa I hayd been a:ay. e Ing ucr t:? jcl I cul wanW a M aoeir.--t: i ,a J man in a nightmare dream who faoos come great horror and cannot move hand or foot. The sooner I go. the better.' o Let mo go to London with you, Val. I ahould like to see you off.' 'No, no. I am not fit company for my a fellow men yet awhile. Perhape after to; r years in Africa I may be batter. Let me suffer my purgation, Adrian. Let me wreetis with the memory of sin, as Jacob wrestled , with the angel-and then perhaps--someday -' with a stifled sob, ' I shall be botter worthy of your uneelibh love-and of my mot 'er' ' (ud help you to pardon and forgetfolnees, Val Ilut let me go to London with you.' ' No, I want to be dlone there. I have something to do. I will wire to you before I sail, and then, if there vero time, and you ° would like to come and shake bands at parting- ' * B3 sure I will come, i! you give me the aharce. It will comfort .he mother to hear r of yen at the last moment of leaving. She would like to bhe there henelf, dear soul, ii you would let her.' * Dear soul, poar soul,' nurmored Valen tine, with a remorseful tenderness which was Sstrangeo to b? rough nature. ' heo has given me honey, end I have given her gall. I have been a fountain of bitternese to you both But it is past. You are strong in love and d is mercy. Good night, andgood-bye, till I sail. I shall be off early tomorrow morn leg ' ' But you will bid your mother good bye,' * Met I? That will be hbrd. I should lilke to slip away without any leave-taking. I would write to her from Loalon,' 'I Lhe would he hearibuckn if you left het t like that.' P 'erhaps you are right. It is the weak. nesa of her charaoter to be fond of me. I'll see her in the morning before I start. She will be happier when I am gone-safe and happy-with you. You ought to marry, Adrian. You owe as moobh to my mother as well as to yourself. There is Lucy Free mantle, who has been in love with you for i the last five years.' 'Valentine.' 'It's a true bill. I've seen the growing passion from the time she left off short frooks Sand long hair. You have been her idealfrom the day she left the nursery-porhaps before. I daresay she was often thinking of you over Pionook or Lingard. Marry her, Adrian. hbe has not one of the attributes of the typical girl, and will make you a true and honest wife.' 'I will wait till my time oames, Val,' answered Adrian, with a sad smile. 'It has not come yet.' Lady Belfield was always an early riser. She was in her garden next morning, looking at the first clusters of snowdrops, white against the whiteness of the hoar frost, when Valentine joined her, clad for a journey, In fur lined overcoat and deer.atalker cap. ' Mother,' he began abruptly, ' Adrian and I had a long brotherly talk last night, and he advised me to try change of scene as a cure for bitter memories. I am going abroad for a spell.' I Yes, dear. Yes, it will be a good thing, I am sure,' answered his mother, paoling suddenly at the mere thought of a possible parting, ' but you will not be going just yet. You will take time to think about it.' ' I am going at once. You know I was never given to irresolution. I have done most things, for good or evil, on the spur of the moment. I am off by the 8.35. My portmanteaux have gone oown to the stable yard. I shall stay a day or two in town, and then sail for the Cape.' ' For the Cape ! That is so far, Val. Why not to Italy or Spain.' "Tame, hackneyed, intolerable. The holi. day ground of self.opinionateod Yankees and pereonally.eonduoted Cockneys. No, if change of scene is to do me any good, II I am to get out of mnyselr, I must get face to face with nature. Africa is thoe place for me. Don't be afraid, dear mother. The Dark Continent is as safe a solitude as Horne Bay.' ' And you are going-this morning?' ' At once. The dogcart is waiting for me. Good-bye.' He clasped his mother in his arms, kissed her as be had not kissed her for years hardly since he was a schoolboy, His own eyes were not innocent of tears ac he rushed away, leaving her to sob out her sorrow in bhe quiet shrubbery walk whiot her footsteps had so often troddan. Never had she falt more desolate than in this parting with the wayward and beloved son, and yet she told heorelf that it was well he were gone. Any thing must be better than to see him as he had been since last August. The South.western railway conveyed Mr. ]lalfield to Exeter, but in the junction station there, he had a choice of trains, and the roeat-western suited him host on this ocoa. sion. Hle roesed from one platform to the other, took hie ticket for Paddington, and came out upon the departiro platform of the Great-weeltern, under the big clock. The platform was not so crowded as usual, and the train was not due for five minutes. As he walked slowly towards the end of the station, Valenti n passed a man whose face Ilashedupon him with a sudden sickening of the heart and weakening of the limbs, like the sight of a ghost in high noon. The wintery suo shone upon thoao pale and high-bred features. He saw the faoe looking at him, half in hatred, half in scorn, and he could not give back sacorn for scorn, hate for hate. lie who had never feared his fellow.men, sickened at the sight of this man, and passed on with quickened step, and eyes looking steadily forward, protouding not to see that familiar face, the face of the man who had stolen his wife's heart. St. Austell slopped and looked back at him. 'AsI am alive, that was the faoo of a folon,' he said to himself, 'and tile mystery of Helen's fate is darker than any of as dream of. That man dared not meet my eye altlhough it was his plaee to heolor and mine to quail. There was guilt in that look.' He was on hie way westward. Bincothat meeting at the Badminton, he had heeoon much disturbed in his mind about his loss love, Ilakllo as the previous experience of his life had proved him, he had not yet forgotten Helen. Tho year whlobh Mrse. Baddeloy had allowed for the duration of his passion weas not yet ended, and it may be that the disappointment and misohance whioh had attended this partincular intrigue, had intonsited his feelings. He would have for feited ten years of his lifo to have found Helen, and won her for his own, but there was that in her husband's countenanoe whiob chilled his soul. He had half a mind to fellow Valoentine Hlfield, and tax him then and there with foul play. He had no evidence, except the mysterious circumstanoes of the wife's disappseranae, and that guilty took In the husband's face--but the two together brought conviction to St. Anotell's mind. (1') I0 CONTIOUOD. 