EXTRETAIN'MEN'T AT \\\"AILI3RECUAX. An entertainment of a miscellaneous character aving been advertised lo take place at lllie W'arllreccHn woolroom last Tuesday ni^hi. Una the pportunity of witnessing a show promoted enirely by the employees on lliaL stalion[ haviug ilfered itself, the novelty attracted not a few irom Lleiiiliipiin. The night was beautifully jlive. and tilio road although heavy and hard was scarcely so well defined as one would wish, tne conseijuence lieiug iliat wire fences unexpectedly placed theuijolves across the path, and the vovageurs had to deploy to llnd the accommodating gate, j through which lo pass to the joys beyond. With two reporters and a comp., half of the occupancs, in the i one vehicle, it was well laden with troujhJe. an.l • although the skirmishing order in which tbey had to occasionally advance when looking for a: gate, at thmes retarded the niovi-mems. the party ajrrived at tilie scene of action before the well-known whistle fjrom the gallery of tbe woolroom announced lhai it was time lo "'up with the rag." i I The ^Yarbreccan wo<)ished ia situated about nine ! miles from Dcnilhiuin. and the woolro.>m Sn which tlhe entertainment was held is only a few yards distant from it. On this occasion it was practically empty of its usual contents at this season of the j-ear—wool bales—and the boards were cleared for . ijction. The interior was decorated withj Chinese ; lanterns of various colours. Down ois one iside was ; a well supplied and plainly decorated tablk Fruits, pastry, and the more substantial cdiljlesl were in ibundance, and adjacent to one cud was a cask of treble and further on the more powerful atimu- . ljant in the shape of stone jar whisky. Mr Colin McUulIoch, 1 Mr Fraser, and Mr Connor | presided over this division of the show and dispensed hospitality in au an openhanded manner. Atl the far end a temporary stage was erected, tbe foundations of which were made up with a number of jplethorio looking bales of wool. Tbe wings were appropriately draped off, the proscenium lighted upj, and the . greenroom behind iu which the secrets of ithc programme were beiug matured. There was u spri nkling of the gentler sex amongst the audience, and l^ut a hundred shearer, rouseabous boundary jidersriAoc gtnu» omne scattered about (thc com- The U fi™£rtof the entertainment consisted of tlhe a farce . fqrn. « Slim K KT- Jim," T- .liin „" in - in which w , uch . , Mr \lr James .kinN. Kerwan Krrwiill tiook the title role. "'Slim Jim" is the doorj r ,1, , » . » , ,» j, keeper of a ball room, and his instructions are not do let anyone in who does no pay tet, .hillings Present a ticket or show the suuivileusL After Settling tho doorkeeper to his work, the tjmployer, j' Mr Stonebroke " (Mr Harry Pearce) disappears temporarily, and the ball commeeces ia the mystenous interior of the greenroom while the visitors T « a , enter across the Rt.age. Various excuses arcHendered bv '-Dead Head" (Mr John \Y.x>ds), - Uailway t'ireman" (Mr T. Price), " Mrs Diobs" (Mr Arthur 'iaun). "The Ghost " (Mr Johu Woods), - Pete" J Mr Harry Pearce), and "Clown" (Mr' Thomas Carter), for not presenting the proper card of entrancai or the " scjuivilens," aud finally when 4 Stonebroke " returns he finds the ball room filled with those who paid nothing and only one ticket ou which was inscribed the word deadhead to represent the takings. The fun is kept up well by Mr Kerwan, and the "cropper" he got through the back of the stage, although uot a portion of the part, added to the merriment of the proceedings. A'fairlv long programme of songs followed, the principal • " of which ' • • were ' Paddy's Weddinf," \Yeddint ^ by bv ; Mr John Woods, No Sir" by Mr \- - H. \-- Arblastcr, .•».-• and " I'll Haug my harp ou the Willow Tree bv |Sir" Edward James llowen, the latter being the gem of the evening, and was accorded an enthusiastic encore. Sir" Edward is of the Garibaldi family, and appears to bt: a popular fauourite with the station hands. His voice requires cultivation certainly, but where he lacks in quality hp trills it iut in volume, and carefully follows llamlei's advice to the player in suiting the action to the word and the word to the action. No accidentioccurred during the delivery, aud the roof is still otr the wool ioom. Mr Harrv Pearce gave an exhibition of an . Indian Club performance which was well received, i iud a visitor from Deniliquin (Mr Hosking) filled ue of the vacancics in the programme. • f f Tbe entcitiiumeut concluded with ac exhibition t Grseeo- liouiau wrestling betweeu Mr Harry earce aud an amateur wbo presented himself on a challenge beiag issued to throw anyone iu the room within tweutv minutes, failing !which a jnedal would be given to tbe successful, athlete. The fall was obtained by Mr Pearce iu MX j minutes ; and then Mr C. C. McCitlloch, a pupil of ; Mr Pearee's, tried couchisions. After some bard , tusslluc Mr Pearce threw a somersault to J escape a dangerous clutt b of his vigorous npp[>iient| aud in ! cloiug ao struck a lamp which was smashed into ' atoms, exhibition cutting to an his unexpected foot severely termination and briugiug I the | The room was then swept out, and a stentorian voice commaudcd " Clear the way gents,! and let tilie ladies go to the dressing room." The order was quickiy obeyed, and in a few minutes the votaries of Terpsichore were tripping the light fantastic, ilr H. Arblaster supplying the music] 011 the violin. The visitors were fairly hilarious but tjrell under the control or the management^ and the evening was spent most enjoyably. The [proceeds of thi entertainment will be presented to Mrs Fitzmaurice who suffered a considerable lossj throiign tJhe fire which teok place at her bouse in Deniliquih some time ago. j 