ONE DAY <F MY LIFE. To-day is my birthay, and kind friends shower gifts and cogratulatious on me. I smile and laugh 'ith the gayest; yet my heart is full ofbitter sorrow and re morse and unavailig regrets. Although to a sperficial observer my lot has seemed a>right and fortunate one, there is one dy of my life, of which this very day is tb anniversary, which has cast a dark shaow over all my future, "and my soul frenout that shadow shall be lifted, nevermo>." It was my 14th lrthday, a bright and lovely day in earlyutumn, and in honour of the occasion my wo favourite friends, Julian and Emily,rare invited to spend the whole day withne. Oh, how happy b were ! We had our tea in the garden,-a sumptuous repast, to which we did aple justice. Then we rambled about tl spacious enclosure, picking fruit andflowers to our heart's content. I remeber Julia and Emily made a lovely wreh and crowned me with it, declaring I waso be their queen. '' Don't be picing all my fruit and flowers, young laes," said old John the gardener; but weonly laughed at him. Afterwards, as th evening grew chilly, we entered the h<se, and sitting round the Are, amused crselves first by talking about friends, al then telling stories. One led on to anher, and at last we es sayed to frigntensach other by relating the most grueson ghost stories we could think of. After a time Jm said suddenly, " How thoughtfully youook, Katie ; I think I frightened you ith that last story of mine." " Nonsense," raid I; but I have thought of socthing amusing. Will you and Emilyeave the room for five minutes, while hide myself 1" An elfish, or ither I should say a dia bolical, idea hacbntered my head, for I now firmly beliee it was an inspiration of the evil one. When the tw girls had left me, I ex tinguished all th lights, and drawing up the blinds, let a lood of moonlight into the room. It wi a spacious apartment, full of nooks an corners, which threw dark shadows ovr a great portion of it. A door opened oithe garden, and a large elm-tree growing near the house waved its weird-like braches againBtthe window pane. The room lookd uncanny; the sha dows assumed groesque shapes, and the moonlight which creamed in at the win dow, combined w.h the light from the fire, made these eem more grotesque. My heart almost faled me, but I was re solved to carry ontmy idea, it would be such fun I thought. Selecting a dark orner, where only a few rays of flickerhg moonlight fell, I laid myself down fill length on the floor, and rigidly stretchin; out my limbs and folding my hands, asumed the appear ance of death. I remember I caught a glimmering re flection of myself in the mirror opposite, and was half startled and inclined to re linquish my purpose when I saw it. Ah ! if 1 had only listened to my good angel; but the hand of Fate was on me, and I was destined to carry out to the bitter end her fell behest. To add an additional horror to my ap pearance, I took two pennies out of my pocket and placed one over each eye. The five minutes soon passed, and then I heard J ulia and Emily enter the room. " How strange," they both exclaimed ; " she has put out the lights.' " X fool rather frightened," said Emily, ■ ■■ "i who was the most timid;" tEeroom looks so gloomy." " Oh, nonsense," replied Julia. " It was very clever of her to put out the light, it will be more fun to find her. You go and look under the sofas and chairs, while I look into all the corners." I heard them poking about here and there, and was afraid they would stumble over my feet in the dark. At last Julia exclaimed, " Oh, look, Emily, there she is ; but how strange she looks." Both girls now stood over me, and I knew somehow they were staring at me though my eyes were shut. " Katie ! Katie !" they cried, " get up. We have fonnd you ; the game is over ; don't try to frighten us." Julia seized my arm to drag me np, but I (determined to carry out my game to the bitter end) let it fall limply out of her grasp. " O Julia," said poor Emily, in a faint, heart-sick voice, " I am afraid she is dead. And look at her eyes, how dreadful they look." I could keep my countenance no longer, so springing up with a wild burst of laugh ter, I caught the terrified girl round the waist, and waltzed ronnd the room with her. Suddenly I felt her form grow heavy and rigid in my grasp, and with a piercing scream of agony, which will echo in my brain to my dying day, the unfortunate girl slid from my arm and snnk to the floor dead.—E. J. T. Roose. 