Our Sydney Letter. [FROM OUR OWN COnnESPONDBNT.l Sentijiknt and Snuflie, tho two rogueish boys who like to make mischief, have filled the.scales in both Houses, and thatishowSirHenryhasmannged to galvanise his Holy Charnel House into an imitation of patriotism, when really there is more absurdity than grandeur in the conception. We havo been laughing so immoderately over the amount of zenl and fervour expended over it. The public can sue plainly tho incongruity, the grotesriue ness, the fantastic ridiculousness of.thc whole pro position ; but, alas ! tho imaginativeness of n Dalley and a Parkes can a'one scu the sublimity I Australia has no history worthy the jus'ification of so gigantic an expenditure nt such ii critical financial period. Besides, wo are only painfully conscioun at present of the mista' es and self-aggiandisomcnt of our pro minent men. Why then so much political* scnti mcntnlism ? Rise, rather, O shndc of Tlmckcry and put our Colonial Ciusars in your liook of Snubs ! t + t Several thousands, including men and women, \yeru present at the monster out- door meeting on Saturday to protest a^ain^t the Irish Crimes Hill brought into the English Parliament hy the Tory party. Able addresses were delivered by 11 number of our leading or.itors and members. Mr.*!L'raillc:ind Mr. Osliornu being red-hot champions amonjis' them. General sympathy was evinced in favour of the condemnatory leso'utions for the stamping out so infamous a measure ; and a ciible has been sunt to Mr. Gladstone and Mr. l'arnell expressive of the colony's sympa'thy in the interests of the Irish, and approval of the liberal policy nf Home Kills as the only possible means of securing pence und prosperity for that down-trodden people. Oppression, wherever it may be exorcised, is base and degrading, and this question of liberty is not merely applicable to the lights o£ Ireland but in the principles of integrity applies to tho whole world. Republicanism U tbu day-star of the future. Already it sheds a brilliance over these glorio'-'s colonies ; and .it. is the earnest, desire of. the majority of our deep- thin king men that that damnable thing called ?' Imperial Federation ' may never dnrken this land. Self-government is to a nation what the verb is in the construction of our language. Without the verb an idea cannot be expressed ; without 11 democracy national progress cannot exist. Grammarians have called the verb ' the soul of the sentence;' America has proved I hat democracy is the soul oE her nation. Bnt I do not mean to write a homily ; so a truce to Politics. t 4- t To pass to merrier subjects. Our popular visitors, tho Brassoys, have been filed anl lionised all round. Pic-nica, dinners, parties, &c;, have tread each others heels, notwithstandidg Lady Brassey's cynical definition of Society people that they can 'talk common-place and do; nothing at all.'' Her Ladyship got at tho heart o£ social mystery also when she sagely remarked, ou the subject of Woman's Suffrage, ' Women rule the world as it is; with votes they would be unable to do half so well.' So there ! Let us hear no more twaddle. t ?!? t Apropos of strong-minded women. I am reminded of Mrs. Gordon-Baillie, the Crofters' friend. This bravo and noble lady has come out in the philan thropic scheme of inducing tho colonial Governments to give large tracts of land to Scottish settlers to make homos for their families. The same barbarous system of coercion, it seems, is carried out by landlords in Scotland, and the peasantry are turned out of their homesteads lo parish, the cottages razed to the ground, and the space converted into pasture land for fat cattle, or made into preserves fcr game. It is to be hoped Mrs. Gordon's endeavours for the amelioration of her suffering countrymen will be met with success. 1 + t Jsurualiam is on the metropolitan braiff at present. One would think we had enough local newspapers ; but the cry is ' Still thoy come I' Everyone knows by this time that the poor old Globe gave up the ghost about a month ago, but perhaps country folks do not know that a new evening paper in the protectionist cause is to be started very soon. Sphinx-like, it will rise out of the ashes of iu predecessor, and hurl its 'journalistic javelins' at its free trade opponents. It ought to succeed with a capital ot £10,000. We aro told 'tho pen is as powerful as the sword.'1 Two other organs have also started. One is called the Itepiilihcan ; and Messr3. Gibb3 it Shallard's weekly Australian Public Opinion promises to be as interesting as its English name sake. t 4- t We did not know until lust Friday that thieving was a profession in Sydney; At tho Central Court on that day a patriarchal old gentlemen (?) with white flowing beard, a la Aaron (only it lacked tho Scriptural oil), was charged with this crime. Some body said ' Poets aro born, not made,' and this re mark is equally applicable to the followers of a profession which for delicacy of treatment (especially pocket-pieking) certainly claims a foremost place amongst arts which aro appropriately set apart as fine. Iho art of writing a poem and the aptitude of picking and stealing ' runs in the family,' But the love of operating on other people's belongings is, it appears, duly cultivated in the city ; and thieves are cradled in tho profession, thoroughly versed in various branches. Our interesting old friend was a specimen of the kind who had thoroughly mastered the art, ?and liko Old pagan in ' Oliver Twist,' kopt a training home for youngsters, This is a terrible reality. And it is indisputable that thero are many so called lodging-houses, that are simply refuges for old hands and training homes for young recruits; and men are actually to bo found who will undertako the training of precocious children, and instruct them in the thousand and one dodges which go to make up this remarkably ' fine art.' 0 tempora, 0 mores ! t 4- t There is weeping and much lamentation amongst the mashers. That vivacious littlo charmer, Minnie Palmer, leaves in a day or two for America. On tho occasion of her last public appearance the little lady was presented with a handsome album, containing Australian views, given by her many admirors, and presented to her by the American Consul. t M Lady Brassey will hold an ' At home ' on board the Sunbeam this afternoon. Her frionds will indeod be courageous to face suoh a merciless pour-down as continues as I write. t +- t It is expected Parliament will bo prorogued early on Wednosdoy (to-morrow). The Hession will olose wit'.i congratulatory scores for the Govornmont, whilo the dejeoted Opposition are wondering why tbey Bhould be ' bowlod out ' in the face of buoIi efficient leaders. ' Tho timo will come I' July 12, 1887. It has been decided by the Department of Public Instruction to erect a new school at the Wentworth Falls, about four miles on the Sydney side of Katoomba. Tho only prison manufactures disposed of to tho public aro matting and mats. In tho Legislative Council the Customs Duties Bill was road the third time, passed, and returned to tho Legislative Assembly without amendment. The London wool market still continues firm. A number of Teryawynia rabbiters are in Wilannia, the owners having discharged them, owing to tho non payment of tho Government subsidy. Tho annual sales of stud sheep wero concluded on Thursday last at the warehouses of Messrs. Mort and Co., Sydney, whon 927 shoop were sold for £0211 18s 8d. Tho difforoncob hotweon tho Mahommodans and ' Christians in Crate will, no doubt, bo shortly settled by a speoial Turkish Commissioner, who will proceed at once to the sceno of tho difficulty. It i9 reported that 3000 Russian' troops have reached Iho novthorn ' frontier of . Badakshan, Central Asia. Four hundred immigrants havo arrived at Hobart from London, on route for Western Australia. Sir Wost Ridgway is still in St. Petersburg. It is understood tlmtasottlomontof the Afghan boundary dispute rnay bo shortly expected, It now appears that M, Sohnabollo, who figurod prominently in tho roeont Franco- Gormiin frontier diificulty, find conducted an elaborate y-.i.iu of espionage on tho French frontior for yoars past, And this with tho approval of the Fronoh authorities, ' Rounii on PiMiH.'— Why snlTor Piles? Ira raodialu relief and complete euro guaranteed. Ask for 'Rough on ,1'Jlos.' Surf euro for itching, protruding, blooding, or any form of Piles. ' '4 'Rouflii on CviwiiHii' corrects oifonsiv'o odors at 00\. Gomplelo euro of worst chronic oaeeB ; also unoqualed as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat, foul btorttb. i 