TEE TANTALUS HOUND TABLE. BRISBANE SCHOOL OF ARTS. Bv VrrstmivAi. One oí tho latost mimed books among those we had before us when we met last (and that is more than thtoe months ago) was a biography and a good ono, " The Vicar of Monveustowo." 1 trust many of you have read it ; and I, with strong feeling, trust that you noted very well indeed the record of what befel poor old Ilt'nvkor when ho lay a-dying. Tt i-s .by rending, and noting well, such records that men und women may bo well forewarned and foroarmed. With a biogiaphy lot this paper be begun, but one which will, I promise you, leave a very différent feeling in the mind than that which was loft by the other-a clearer, healthier, and, to my thinking, m every way a bettor feeling. " Memoir ot William Henry Channing," by Octavius Brooks Protbinghiun. Tho nanio Channing was mudo worthfully famous by William Ellery Channing, uncle of tho s-ubjeot of this memoir. His "works" havo becomo a part of the must highly-priced Christian litora ture, and many a good niau and fewer good women havo lound in his sermons ¡md othor writings food tor henrt and hoad, although they could not bo satisfied with tho chaste refined Unitarian doch ino of the writer. Dr. W. E. Channing was one of America's worthiest sons, and this his nephew, W. Henry Channing, is but littlo if at all less worthy of honour. A mnn of big bruin, hugo heart, coaoeloss energy, boin of burning enthusiasm, and of rare goodness, this most excellent story of his life should bo road by all who arc in any degreo willing to learn that in a man who re- jected religious dogmas which they hold to be essential to spiritual well-being, that oven in 8uoh a man may be found somo near npptouch to purity and all tho marks of n goodness not to bo questioned. If this very mutter-of-fact ago of ours has had any real prophets in it and I think it has had many-the two Chan nings and their friend Theodore Parker were surely among them. Tho excellent portrait reminds ono of John Stuart Mill-the head and calm face oloarly indicuto intellectual high culture. Mr. Prothiugham's work in this memoir is just like Protningham-no blight praise that. ' ' Kocont Events and a Cluo to their Solu- tion," by Lord Robert Montague. This is a startling book by a man who has had excep- tional opportunities for observation and know- ledge in relation to the matters of which ho writes. His buok is one complete impeachment of William Ewart Gladstone as one who is doing, lins for some years been doing, his best to bring about tho humiliation of Great Britain before tho nations of the earth. Botween our- selves, friends, I.think it is a hugo misfortune that tho old bénéficiai and useful practice of impeachment of Primo Ministers for high crimes and misdemeanours has fallen into disiietutle. Turning away from a book about traitors, for such books do tend to malro one feel wild, lot us tako up this very other-sort book. " Tho Poet Scout, a book of song mid story," by Captain Jack Crawford (late Chief of Scouts, U.S. Army), a really good mid onjoyablo collection of short pooina and song« by ono who for years led the wild exciting lifo of a frontiersman. Many of theso piecos woro produced in tho wild west country of America, amid tho conflicts of Indian warfare and tho surroundings of miners' camps. The Western stylo of speech, tho wild Western allusions and illustrations, joined with overflowing heart pathos make not a few of tho pooms just tho thing for recitation, and if any of those wdio read theso words aro eeoking anything of that sort, this is the very book for thom ; thoy will bo able to find piooos in it which will inevitably bring tho liouso down. Such, for instance, as " Kuttlin Joe's Prayer," " California .Too and tho Girl Trnppor," "Tho Old Trapper's Religion," "My Hero," not to nmno others. "Atlantis: tho Antediluvian World," by Ignatius Donnelly, elovonth edition, 1880, is one of tho most romnrkable books I have soon for a long time. The aim of the book, stated in brief, is to prove that the Atlantis of Plato, the groat island lying outsido the pillars of Heroulos, regarded by mon hitherto as tho more fancy of the philosopher, was not such mere fancy, but was hard fact. Such grout island once existed, was peopled by a peoplo of high civilisation, but that suddenly, as it wero in a moment, this island was by a big catas- trophe engulfed beneath tho waters of tho Atlantic. That the ridge in the bed of tho Atlantic stretching from the African coast to the Bermudas, with tho A/tores as an outcrop, discovered by deep-sea sounding, is the onco famous island. Mr. Donnelly works out his theory very skilfully, and at great length, and nB tho copy wo have is, as I have said above, of the eleventh edition, he has found many readers. This is the gentlomau, an American politician I believe, who in recent numbers of tho "North American Review' ' has beon working out the theory of the Baconian origin of Shakspeare's plays- evidently a mau whose mind runs out of ordinary grooves. Without giving tho ghost of an opinion as to the truth or otherwise of his theory, I can assuro readers that in "Atlantis" they will find much interesting information. " A History of Toryism : From the accession of Mr. Pitt to power in 1783 to the death of Lord Beaconsfield in 1881," by T. E. Kebbel, M.A., barrister - at - law, editor of "Lord Beaconsfield'« Speeches," is a book which many men hereabout would do well for thomselves by reading, and as it is not a largo book (just over 400 pages of octavo), oven busy mon may manage it. Someway or other it has in some quarters como to bo looked on as a fine thing to have a fling at Tories and Toryism. Without entertaining any notion of any completo classi- fication of Toryphobi-ts, it will bo guifieieutly exhaustive if I bay there are three chief classes of them-two permanent, one varying ; number one comprising those who for religious reasons do hate the Tories. These are to be found chiefly among our friends the Independents, the Baptists, and to a very small extent the various Methodist folk. And this is how it has come about. The Tories are mostly firm and faithful adherents of the Church of England, who believed, perhaps still believo, that the ministrations of that Church ought to satisfy the soul cravings of all who are not Roman Catholics ; and there havo come down to our days many hoary traditions of jolly old squires who, desiring that the folk of his parish should all be of one religious fold, refused tor allow a Dissentera' chapel to be built in his village, associated without doubt in many casos with treatment very like per- secution of obbtinato folks whoso souls were clammed at the parish church, and could' grow fat on no faro but that which could be had at the chapel. Number two comprises the news- paper men and the politicians, .who thiuk, or at any rate seem to think, that the vilification of the Tories is the shortest cut, and sure-t, lo the affections of "the masses:" to these the Tories are chargeable and by them charged with all sorts ot political sin (I hoard one of them £ny not long ago that the Tories intro ducod tho clôture in the British House of Com- mons I)-and mostly wrongly charged. No doubt somo of theso believe that either the road to Inferno or Inferno itself is paved with good intentions-and tho bouls of Tories, in proper Mosaic. Number three, tho variable one, having no slightest relation to principles, comprises the, shall I s¿y, Hibernian .soutiou of the Irish, and tho'su who lay theinsolves out to please them. To- day tho Toiy is hated by thom, and tho cease- lessly voluble WEG is taken to their hearts -two years ago the c.v. WEG was hated und guarded, and the Tory blessed. Gracious! how thi-s world doos spin round ! This voltutio is a clear, scholarly, and withal entertaining statement of the history of these cursod, hated, yet excellent, peoplo during iho hist 100 years, from tho accession of Pitt the precocious powerful to the death of Beaconsfield tho brilliant (somo folks call bim " a charlatan" just toko which you like, and don't grumble), during which period tho patty ha vc throughout been and have alono boon continuously trno to prinoiple ; opposed to the llireo principios o£ compulsion, centralisation, and confiscation ; have uhnust always been in England, what thoy now are, Iho popular party ; have in- volved England in fewer wars, and kept the expendí hue at a lower level than their oppo- nents ; have been the warmest supporter of ] orsonal liberty, the rights ol' property, and tho lights of labour ; hove the grandest iccord of legislation for the roliof of the helpless and oppiessed; Pactory Aots, Employons and Workmen Act, and Acts too many to be here named, all intended to promote the health, comfort, and freedom of the working claísos in general. There, that is enough. I should not have written so much but tor tho heretical taint from which I suffer, which always leads me to feel full surely there must bo much good in those whom so many folks condemn. " Arcady, for Butter for Worse,' ' by Augustus Jessop, D.D., is tin altogethor different sort of book. Tt is mado up of essays which huvo, with a bingle exception, previously appeared in tho " Nineteenth Century." Dr. Jessop is u clergyman who holds a living in Norfolk, mid thesa intensely interesting essays deal with tho life his parishioners live. Alter a good in- troduction, tho eight essays are respec- tively headod, "My Return to Arcady, und how I find things looking" (tho author held a curacy for sovoti years, thou resigned it, and spent tweuty-fivo years in a town parish, and then * returned to a rural benefice), "Tho Arcady of our Grandfathers," " Arcady in some Phases of her Paitli," " Clouds Over Arcady," " Peasants' Homes in Arcady," "A Swain of Arcady," "Tho Littlo Ones and tho Land," and lastly, an inimitable lecture delivered in Lou- don, "AVoico from the Wilderness." Por humour, for pathos1, for reading to make the reader roar, for reading to make him sad, for sound philosophy, morality, and very much beside I can most hetntily commend this book. Not a littlo of it fits in finely us "another Gospel," in the=e days wherein mon aro with fiendish industry prenching ft terrible Gospel of Pialo, a Messngo of Marauding, mon who mostly havo nothing to lose, but much to gain, in shapo of plunder from the wreck which thoy proclaim, predict, and try to pro- duce. The world will bo saved from its many woes by worthier, men than euch. I spoko above of humour ; yos, beliovo me, there's many a morsel of humour in this book. A new vicar was appointed to a Church ; he was a good man, ono of those worthy persons who raiely spoke of God, but ofton of "Pro- vidence." He had to spoak words of comfort to a small farmer who had lost his wife, and, in doing so, urged wo should not murmur tit tho ordering of " Divine Providence," thut wo must submit mid bo resigned to "Providence," and so on. At last tho old farmer oponed his mouth and spoko, saying, " Thiit'Brightonof, that is! Thoro ain't no use a-gainsayin' on it; but somehow that theio Old Providente hev been agin mc all along, ho hev ! Whoi, hist your ho mos' spailt. my tutors, and the year aforo that ho kinder did for my turnips, and now* he's beon and got hold o' my missus ! But," ho added, with a burst of heroic faith mid dovout assurance, " I reckon as thero's One aliev as'll put a stoppor on ha if'a go too fur ! " Then there's the ciibo of Jerry Eke, tho mun with a prodigious appetite (reminding mo of " Bon Brust " in Miller's novel and old Pordin in my native village), who, under a wager of £5, set about eating u calf «t « sitting ; seo pago 120\. Look also at tho page on Education, p. 126, and many others which you will find for yoursolf-and laugh over. But while thoro is much to make you lauurh, you'll find not a littlo to make you wondering-sud, hardly be- lieving that such lifo as is dopiotod can be íeally lived by nuy. For neatnoss, good get-up, and general excellence, "The Mermaid Series," comprising "The Best Plays of the Old Dramatists," stands second to few, if to any. Marlow, Mas singer, Middleton, and perhaps two others have appeared. Massinger is just now under my elbow, edited, with an introduction and notos, by Arthur Symons. Tho playa in this volume printed—unexpurgated—are five "Tho Duke of Milan," "A New Way to Pay Old Debts," " Tho Great Duke of Florence," " Tho Maid of Honour," and "Tho City Madam." Thoro is plenty of pith and point in these old plays, very enjoyable to a small class of readers, and when it is remembered that tho plays are, as staled above, " unexpurgated" acquaintances of the old dramatists will know that some of tho point is very pointed indeed. To lawyers, especially to those of the craft who have their eyes and hearts intently sot on the wig and robe of a Judgo as things to be hoped for, " A Generation of Judges," by their Reporter, will provo entertaining-and perhaps instructivo. Twenty-one Judges, " and two mon-Karslake and Benjamin-who by acci- dent woro not JudgeB," aro in this little volume made to pass beforo tho roudor. Ho learns thoir characteristics, their personal pecu- liarities-good and bad, the funny things they said, tho funny tldngs they did, and so on. Not a dull pago in tho book, for somo of tho Jndges of tho last ton or twelve years havo been funny follows-some further baok were funnier, I fancy. Of course that may bo but a fallacious fancy, distorted by the huzo of dis- tance. " Life and Letters of James Hinton," edited by Ellice Hopkins, with an introduction by Sir W. VV. Gull, will, I think, atlraot many readers. He was the second son of' Howard Hinton, a Baptist preacher of borne great renown in his day, particularly at Reading and at Devonsihire-squaro, London, as such of my readers of full life as happen to bo Baptists will know well ; and, ns birth and breeding do, whatever mon may say, count for much, I may add that tho father of Hinton's mother was of the famous Ongar Tuylor stock. James was well educated, had a con- suming thirst for knowledge, and grew up to some considerable faino as a doctor, in which profession, or sphere, or whatever you like to call it, his intellect and his emotions found full play, ne was of the philosophic order, and at one period, when about say 3(i, ho gave up practice and took to philosophy, but about fivo years later he had to return'to his profession. As a writer he made a deep mark by "Man and His Dwelling-plaoe," "Mystery of Pain," and certain other books of a more professional sort, but alas ! at 63 he had worked himself to death, leaving behind him a high fame for goodness and skill, and beyond these a heritage of love to his wife and children. After writing the above I bethought myself of n group of portraits of seventy-five' Baptist preachers, which I have in an old tcrap-book, and I felt ture there was a Hinton among them, so I turned up the old book (I have had it over thirty years), and there in the midst of the grand galaxy is the fine big head and kindly face of James's grandfather, James. Believe me they arc a fine-looking lot, these seventy five, with Btern Dr. Gill as centro ; you could notmako up a half-crown smirk from the faces of tho lot ; there is not ono among thom of whom it Ecems the lenst bit likely anybody would say " What a 'nice' man he must have boen,"healthy-faced,bright- eyed, fine-chinned men, fully fitted for the fight they wera always ready to fight for freedom. I um > very, very much not a Baptist, but I am ready to feel that it might be worth something to bo able to claim descent from suoh men as these-and that is what JameB Hinton could do. " Introduction ,to a History of the Factory System," by R. Whately Cooke Taylor, is, I have somehow, but not bv reading, reason to believe just'what it purport« to be. Mr. Taylor pays ho had .aspired to write tho "History of the P.ictory System," but when ho bogan collecting- the material, and to consider care- fully other points of the business, ho came to fool that ho must confine his labours to the pro- duction of Introduction. I havo not read the book, I havo merely worked through tho " Contents" and turned up, say, a scoro test points. I namo the book now in the hopo Unit it may catch the oyó of r-omo hard-headed mun who has at least plenty of tiaie and the faculty of finding suptenaiicc m literature of this class. .' Our American Cousins and thoir Political Lifo," by Ono of Themselves, is ii book which may bo wisely read by young und old peoplo. It "covers the politioal methods of tho United States in 'it clear, and often very amusing, fashion; well written, well printed, woll illus- trated, all th.it i* ainvv wanting is that it bo well road. A few months ago (I find on rofoienco it was in May, ISSii) I introduced to my friends two volumes, by nnine, "Koine; its Piinces, Priests, und People," being a translation by Pttnny Maclaughlin of a work by Siguor Stlvagni. Those two volumes wore but a part of the work, a third volume remaining, 1 ex- pressed the hopo that Miss Maclaughlin would liurrv up that thud volume, and hero, after not long waiting, is the book. The mutters treated ¡ire of modern flute, brought in fact down to tho death of Cardinal AntouoUi. Tho wholo work is woith reading. I need not adviso tho-¡o who have toad tho two foregoing volumes to read this third, but I may nrgo thoso who have lend none of tho volumos to read thenrall. 