BROUGHT TO MIND. BY SILVER WATTLE. Author of ''Sowing the Wind," "My Story," &c.; CHAPTER XVI. WEDDED. When Norton Sacheverell first heard that the date of Eunice's wedding was definitely fixed, he withdrew from the Elms altogether ; but he brooded over his disappointed hopes, and cherished a still deeper love for Eunice, and a more intense contempt and dislike for the man to whom she was affianced. For more than a month he maintained a rigid discipline over himself, avoiding every place where he might meet her. That month seemed to him a year, and finally his resolution gave way ; and as the dying cling to hope while there is life, so Norton hoped while Eunice was yet free that Wyndham might show himself in his true colors before it was too late. So he found himself again and again at the Elms, and to his vigilant eyes, sharpened by the longing of his heart, there were revealed certain passages which did not indicate deep affection on Eunice's part, though others might detect no more than casual ripples on the proverbially ruffled course of "true love." Once or twice he noted gleams from Wyndham's eye shot at Eunice—expressive, certainly, but not of confiding love or passionate adoration. It was always difficult for Wyndham to conceal his suspicious, morose nature under a smiling face for any length of time, though he could dissemble well on occasion ; and now a conscience ill at ease rendered him less self-controllable than ever. Yet to everyone but Eunice he did in a great measure succeed in preserving a bland exterior, while tak- ing advantage of her meek forbearance, he tyrannized over her. after having irre- trievable pledged herself to him, as only a cowardly bully could. Norton's reappearance revived every feeling of hatred in Windham's heart, and he mentally writhed in his hated presence. At last his unceasing vigilance over Eunice's every word and look be- came to her so intolerable that her for- berance gave way, and she burst into an indignant protest. This might have ended, advanced as matters were, in determining her to break with Windham ; but this time he succeeded in stifling the passion that raged within him, reserving the out- poural of his wrath until the time, now so near, when she should be his wife. So, with well feigned contrition, urging with much plausibility that his jealousy only arose from his passionate love, he be- sought her forgiveness ; and again the storm blew over. But Norton could not rest—day and night his thoughts were of Eunice and her fate. He wondered at the blindness of everyone around her, and thought that if Windham had been in anyway worthy of her—if there were but a fair probability of happiness in the marriage—he would have resigned himself to fate submissively in the assurance of her happiness. But the more he learned of Windham, the greater cause he found to distrust and dislike him ; and his heart burned within him as he contemplated the lot of Eunice as the life-long partner of such a man. He fancied, too, that Doris also saw beneath the surface of Windham's smooth manner ; by questioning her, he might at least ascertain her opinion of him; and it would be some sort of consolation to dis- cuss the subject with Eunice's sister, even if the discussion resulted in nothing. " Come out and look at the sun-set, Doris ; it is unusually glowing this even- ing," said Norton, as he met her running down the broad stone steps into the garden. The almost brotherly intimacy which Norton had established with the sisters made this request nothing remarkable, yet Doris accepted the invitation with a glow of pleasure and a throb of hope far greater than the occasion seemed to justify. They wandered on for some time, speaking little except when they paused to admire the crimson glories of the evening sky. Poor Doris ! her heart beat wildly as she thought Norton's evident abstraction concerned herself, and would, in another minute, give place to a declaration. But he, perfectly un- conscious of her thoughts, suddenly broke silence as they came to a stile and paused, " Doris, dear Doris," he said, " will you give me your real, candid opinion of Windham ? Tell me whether you think Eunice will be happy with him." Doris had flushed vividly at his first words, but as he went on she turned ghastly pale and sank on the lowest step of the stile, listening in silence to the end. " To be frank," he continued, " I do not trust Windham. I do not believe that Eunice will find him what she now hopes and believes him to be. I think too highly of her—of you both—not to feel anxious to see, either of you drifting passively into troubled waters. Your father does not see or believe Windham to be anything but what he tries to appear— an honorable, well-meaning man. Neither does your Aunt Mary, who sees every- thing through the medium of optimist spectacles, fathom him. But, Doris, it is not true charity to shut one's eyes to the defaults of another, when the fate of those we love depends upon our knowledge and vigilance. Surely it is wrong—nay criminal—to allow such things to take their course. Tell me, Doris, I know you are quick sighted, do you thing I misjudge Windham ? Do you think him everything that is good ? Do you take him for what he tries to appear ?" For a moment Doris's good angel seemed about to triumph, urging her to speak at once, and tell Norton all she knew, all she suspected, and what strong grounds she had for her suspicions. But she paused for a fatal second ; would not the disclosure bring to light much about herself which she wished concealed ? Must she not confess to her jealousy, her letter of warning to Windham—and this to Norton himself ? She looked up into his handsome face, into the dark eager eyes which were trying to read her very soul, and thought with a shudder, how could she so debase herself before him, how destroy her one hope by her own act ? No, such self-sacrifice was too much for her, and after a short silence she said, " Wylde would not be my choice, certainly ; but then Eunice likes him. Why need it trouble anyone, then ?—Unless— unless," and she looked up again quickly into his face, " you know something definite against him, Norton ?" " No, that is the trouble. I know nothing against him ; yet I cannot help an instinctive mistrust of him. Doris, do you really think that Eunice loves him ? I believe she would sacrifice her- self to her word, so strong is her sense of honor." " Oh no ! you do not know Eunice ; she would never make a martyr of herself for any high-flown, sentimental feeling for the sanctity of her word." He looked at Doris half-surprised, half- doubtingly, for a moment, and then said quietly, " I think she would, Doris—not for mere sentiment, but for what she con- sidered to be duty." " Well, I think she likes him quite sufficiently, Norton, and you know she is old enough to think for herself. At all events I do not see how we could interfere. What could we do or say, and who would thank us ?" Norton remained silent for several minutes after this last appeal, and finally said in a cold, flat tone, " We had better go home, Doris. It is late." When Doris was alone with her own reflections, she found they were not the most pleasant companions in the world. The opportunity had been afforded her of taking counsel and opening her mind on the connection of Windham's disguise with Margaret's death ; she had refused to accept it ; and she had practically consigned her sister to the fate of becom- ing the wife of a murderer. And now it was too late. If she had dreaded to stand before Norton in an unfavorable light before, how much more unfavorable, how utterly despicable she would appear, were she now to make her tardy confession. The matter must rest where it stood, she told herself ; but this conclusion gave her no rest. She felt no peace when alone ; no pleasure, no happiness in society ; no quiet sleep of forgetfulness came to her through the long nights, but restless tossing in fevered dreams. Or wakeful, she would wander like a ghost down the long corridors of the Hall, or stand at a window from which the bridge could be distinctly seen, gazing out for hours together, as if fascinated by the fatal spot. The wedding day was fast approaching, the household was busy in preparations for the nuptial event ; Aunt Mary was overwhelmed with a multitude of cares, and the Squire was busied with arrange- ments for making the wedding of his favorite daughter an occasion of festivity and rejoicing among his tenants and the villagers. The eventful day came at last ; the old church was crowded with peasants, yeoman, their wives and daughters, in festal attire, the bells chimed merrily, the sun shone brightly, all seemed gay and cheerful—but there were some aching hearts nevertheless. Very lovely Eunice looked in her bridal robe and veil but " white as a sheet," as some of the female spectators critically remarked as she walked up the long aisle on her father's arm. " Father, father," she had said that morning as she clung round his neck with almost convulsive affection, " Father, dear, I do not want to leave you. I would rather stay with you always." " My little daughter, you must not talk like that now. It is a great step you are taking, but it has long been considered. Your husband, will be more to you than all the world, henceforward. And you can not expect, dear, to keep always with me. am an old man, and it is a comfort to me to know that I leave my daughter with good husband," and the Squire wiped away a furtive tear, kissed his darling daughter cheerily, and banished from his mind the thought of the great gap about to be made in his family circle. It was the common lot, he knew, and he bravely suppressed his own feelings, that his daughter's happiness might not be marred. Oh, had he but known the true facts of the case, and the state of his daughter's heart ! He dismissed her with a fond caress, bade her don her bridal bravery ; and two hours later Eunice walked out of the old Priory church, the cynosure of all eyes, on Wylde Windham's arm— for good or evil, for better or for worse— his wedded wife. The irrevocable step had been taken ; and as the wedding peal rang out merrily from the church tower, Norton Sacheverell, who had excused him- self from attendance at the ceremony on the ground that his personal attendance on Sir Hugh (who had recently sustained a paralytic stroke) was required, listening afar off in bitter self communion, shut down the window at which he stood, and said with blank despair, " It is all over. But as the bridal procession passed out to the church gate, where the carriages waited, through an eager throng of gazers, a country girl nudged her mother and whispered, " Mother, mother, surely that be the very genelman as wore the carpenter's clothes at the bridge." " Hold yer foolish tongue, wench," rejoined the mother sharply. " Be the girl daft ? Why that be Miss Eunice's husband ! As if that could be him, indeed." CHAPTER XVII. UNVEILED. Three years had passed since the wed- ding day. Doris still remained at home, and with all her scheming had failed to bring about the desire of her heart. Norton Sacheverell had applied himself earnestly to the furtherance of his father's wishes, carrying out all his designs in the village with the greatest zeal and energy, and devoting himself filially to the task of smoothing Sir Hugh's declining days. On one point only was he obdurate. To Sir Hugh's repeated urgings that he should marry, Norton uniformly replied that he would rather remain single. " Surely you are not tired of me. father ?" " My son, I should gain a daughter." " I will be both son and daughter," replied he cheerily. And well he re- deemed his promise. He went little into county society ; what time he had to spare from the prosecution of his plans for the improvement of the estate, the tenantry, and the work people, he devoted to Sir Hugh. He had no intimate friend except Brand Waldron, with whom his friendship had strengthened since their mutual loss. The memory of Margaret's sad fate had very nearly died out in the breasts of all but these two men and Sir Hugh ; and few besides the two former had ever doubted that the bridge had given away by pure accident. Still though Waldron had never ceased to seek unobtrusively for a clue to the mystery, which was ever before his mind, though he had questioned the girl Hannah Dibbs most minutely as to the " gentleman" dis- guised as a carpenter, she had withheld the one piece of information which might have led to the discovery—her recognition of Windham at the wedding. She had kept back this at her mother's strict injunction, for Mrs Dibbs did not believe in the identification, and was afraid that her daughter's tongue might bring them both into trouble. Doris, disappointed, discontented, and unhappy, had improved in neither temper nor looks since her sister's marriage. The Squire had fallen into very feeble health, and many duties devolved upon his sister which might have been greatly lightened by Doris, had he not been too absorbed in the contem- plation of the past and in bewailing her lonely present and cheerless future. Eunice was resident far from home. Windham had acquired a remunerative professional practice in the north of England ; and though letters from Eunice had been frequent during the first year of her marriage, yet latterly they had become fewer and shorter, and their tone did not breathe of domestic felicity. It was a bitterly cold winter's night at Hall ; the wind bowled through the leaf- less elms of the avenue, sweeping around the bleak stone terraces, finding entrance at every crack and crevice, rattling windows, roaring down chimneys, and making the logs upon the Hall hearth blaze and crackle fiercely. Aunt Mary sat knitting in her com- fortable arm-chair ; Doris, engrossed in a novel, was indolently undulating in a rocking-chair. " My dear, will you see if Martin has taken up your father's supper tray ?" " Father said he wanted to sleep, Auntie." " That was more than an hour ago— There ! that is his bell." " No, Aunt Mary, that is the hall bell." Another and a louder peal rang through the house. " Dear, dear ! who can have ventured out on such a night as this ?" ejaculated the old lady. In another instant some one was heard hurrying through the hall, the parlour door was thrown open, and Eunice rushed in. " Doris I Doris !" she exclaimed wildly, " Did you not know—had you not some suspicion of what my husband was before I married him ? I have good reason to believe you had. Besides that, do you know this letter ? " My child, my child," said Aunt Mary, embracing the half distracted Eunice and gently forcing her into the chair from which she had just risen. " Don't, don't, Aunt Mary, don't stop me ! Look at her, look at her face ! She knew my husband was a murderer, and she would not speak a word to prevent me marrying him." " Hush, my love. Take some wine. You are not yourself. You are ill, dear, " I am not ill, Aunt Mary. I know you think I am mad. But I am not mad, and I am not ill. Oh, I wish I were dead. I wish I could die. I have found out such dreadful things. Poor Professor Waldron was right. Margaret, poor dear Margaret, was murdered !" She buried her face in her hands and burst into a convulsion of sobs. Aunt Mary gently caressed and soothed the weeping girl into comparative quietude, until at last she thought she might venture on inquiries. " Surely you have not travelled alone, Eunice ? When did you leave home ?" " I have travelled alone. I left him early this morning. Oh, I cannot bear to think of him." Aunt Mary prudently remained silent, and presently Eunice asked, " Where is father ?" " Your father is in very weak health, my dear ; he wants all our care." Just at this moment the door and the Squire, wrapped in his dressing gown, entered, his wan face fully verify- ing his sister's statement. In an instant Eunice's wild manner changed ; with the greatest gentleness and affection she rose quickly and went to her father, kissing him quietly but fondly, then taking him by the arm she led him to a chair by the fire, and sank on a stool at his feet, clasping her hands upon his knees. " This is a pleasant surprise," he said. " What happy chance has brought you home ? Where is your husband ? Surely you are not alone ?" " Yes, father, I came alone—I—I was obliged to come. I left Wylde early this morning, and caught the first train for here." " Well it was good of him to spare you." " Oh ! he did not know of my coming ; he was asleep." Then unable to control herself any longer, Eunice again broke into a violent fit of sobbing. " The dear child is weary and overwrought, Mary. Get her to bed, and tomorrow she will talk to us. Doris—where is Doris ?'' said the Squire. But Doris had swiftly departed as her father entered. Until then she had stood with white face and widely dilated eyes, while Eunice poured forth her accusations. She stood like one petrified, her book fallen at her feet, until the Squire's entrance broke the spell of panic and covered her retreat. Passively Eunice obeyed her aunt's behests, and like a wearied child being put to bed, seemed to feel as though she had found an asylum of rest in her old room. Eunice |once safe asleep, her aunt went directly to Doris and found her gazing at the dying embers of her fire. She started as the door opened, and turned for an instant a scared face towards her aunt, but did not speak a word. " I don't know what to think about Eunice, Doris. " We must call in Dr Ainsley to-morrow, if she is not better. She has never been well since her baby died, and I am afraid she frets too much. Do not be agitated, Doris," she continued, laying her hand caressingly upon her niece's shoulder—for Doris trembled and was quite unable to speak ; " I do not think there is any cause for serious apprehension ; she is quite calm and has now gone to sleep. I am truly thankful that she came home, where she will recover sooner than any- where else. Now do not sit up in the cold, Doris, your fire is quite out ; and we cannot well do with two invalids in the family at once," and with this part- ing injunction the old lady sought her own chamber. (To be continued.) 