TRAINING NOTES.. FLEMINFLTON, TUESDAY. In Anticipation of a hot morning, work cptumenccd earlp to-day, trainers being out with their hones eoon afteri o'clock. Chifney, and^Morrison were tbofirst to take possession of tile tracks, the former doing some striding work with Lesbia on the inner .track for a round, Bilitop baring a long canter, whilst New Fashion and Dufferiu were on the tan, wnloh is now first-olass going. The two latter tan a work ing gallop for a circle, alter having a cantor, and were followed by Hogmanay, who did simitar exercise. Beeswing aoobmpanled Albert Loddon in a smart, spin ©rer fire furiongson the; sand, the oolt going pretty well All Qold did a strong outer onoe round .on the fame going. Prestwioh was cantering. Katie Louise and Liedertafel ran a strong guiop .orer Sve fnrionga. Cyclops was doing modcrate-paoe *xetoipe In com pany with the ICngHshman ool^ Md ^tinkman oantered to the b£lf -mlle, when he increased to l»lt pMe^ jfibpeybpe was treated to paw mark ant #««i or eight futiongs. Kter Jack, Kqia »nd_<toei»ol Hlckenbothams a were woricjng, Trident performed tit worlr<m the tan, and aftortwtiD* itoi|¥«Me*it '&:'§&I; useful paoe he was itfoed lyiHi*haia#tt»;TpMf a strong some fair Aberdeen went at a good pace over six furlongs, and Volcano, who was cantering, did good pace work on the tan over seven or ci>.-ht furlongs on the previous morning. Middlemarch on the tan bowled along for a capital gallop the last time round. E. X). was also working on the tan at a serviceable paoe, in company with a St Albans mare. Umonds colts Huntingtower and Bowmont were doine some useiui half-pace exercise, and Chcsbain_ was treated to mild work. Blairgowrie and Sirocco, in company, ran over seven or eight furlongs on the tan for a smart ex tender, doing a capital gallop. M. Whitty worked Strongbow, Vascosa, and o hers of his strintf. Quintin Matsep performed a workinsr gallop over a mile, goingpretty well. Trent, with Musk Cose, didlongnaii pace work. Escutcheon, Mana, Tranter, W hakawai. Mammon, Damooles, and the Horatio horse were all treated to long cantering. Maroondah w as striding along- at from naif to three-quarter jraco 'oc a circle of the Band, where Magnifier was treated to uri^K work over sis or seven furlongs. The colts Loyalist and Branchlopoda moved along at a nice pace; as also Shark, who did preparatory work. Manae lina, after Indulging in a earner, l'.in a spin over six furlongs, the filly Sumatra joining nor in the latter portion. The Agent did a working g-allop alone. Kiora, Christine. Louis, and others of Davis's were working. PlauMble and Pearl hje {>erfora)ed some fair-paee exercise. Coney had a ong team out. Sardius and Royal Maid, in com pany, worked on the tan at a 6trong pace over two miles, Crusoe joining them for the wind-up. Straight Shot, after cantering, bowled along a round for a good, useful pipe-opener. Umbra and Lctitia worked mildly; and Bripantine, who has crown into a big filly, strode along for capital work. Honey comb cantered, as also Allendcr, Jebusitc, and others of the team. Ariel strode along sharply from the half-mile post: but The Levite, who also exercised on the tan, was restricted to mild work. This son of Yattendon is looking well. Lord Wilton moved along at an easy pace. Hortense accompanied Lara at the com mencement of a six furlong eallop, when the fill}' drew away and left the son of Conrad in the rear. Harridan and Success went slowly. The steeplechase horse Royal Oak performed so no good work for a round of the sand. Glenlivet was given gentle exercise on the tan. Bedouin _ worked mildly on the sand, where Citadel also exercised, this pair having stridden oicn? a strongiih pace over five furlongs on ilon lay morning. G. Cripps was on the ground with several horses exercising. Loclnel did some long work on the sand, the last time round at a strongisb half pacc. The New Zealander looks a shade lisht in appearance, but nevertheless is a lengthy and good-looking horse, and moves freely. Mr. Glasscock had a long string at work, including the hurdlehorse Eneorc, Curiosity, Atias, Articulation,and others. Desperado was exercised on the inner track ; on the previous morning he 6trode a'ong for a moderately fair gallop on the und. Dunlop did easy work on the same going, and his stable companion. Tally-ho, was schooled over thehurdles. Yeend's horses, First Consul, Rupcrtswood.and Dark Duke were canter ing. The old steeplechase horse Tandstickor re-ap peared after a lone spell, and was exercised-as also Pro gress. M'Kenna's Dancing Master and Romanoff (a very useful sort of a colt by The Diver) were moved along for nice work. Kelieur strode round for some good pace work, and Bon Bon was put over the hurdles. Navy Blue and St. Michael strode along nicely, and Sevior had a string at exercise. There were a lot of other horse: on the various tracks during the morning. THURSDAY. Trainers were early to business, work commencing soon after 1 o'clock, and after some horses had in dulged in a canter before daylight, Trident com menced operations by doing a working gallop on the tan, Hexham accompanying him the last circle. Hogmanay galloped once round the same track in lm. 47s. Aoercom and Aberdeen strode along at a strong pace over six furlongs on the sand, ana Per fume did useful-pace exercise. All Gold led Albert Loddon a sharp spin over five furlongs, and Marie Louise with Liedertafel also galloped five furlongs. Dufferin worked in company with Chesham for a circle of the tan, the former appearing to - have the best of the gallop. Cnifney worked Lesbia on the inner track, and she strode along at a strong pace. Hickinbotham had half-a-dozen horses doing useful work, including Honeybee, Essie, and Master Jack. E. D. and Mid. dlemarch strode along for a good pace gallop on the tan, over seven or eight furlongs. Blairgowrie, having Sirocco for a companion, went about six furlongs at a good gallop, the former having his com panion in difficulties at the finish. Volcano also moved along at a strongish half-pace for seven or eight furlongs. Huntingtower and Bowmont exer cised on the sand, and they ran a fair pace over six furlongs. Mr. W. Dakin's team were all treated to striding work, viz., Quintin Matsep, Trent, Musk Rose (who is a lazy goer), Escutcheon, Mana, Tran ter, Whakawai. Mammon, and the Horatio colt. Damocles joined Bedouin for a capital gallop over five furlongs, toe two year old having the test of it. Mad delina was indulged in a smart gallop over five or six furlongs, and afterwards did a canter round the sand. The Agent went a good working gallop on the tan, whilst Louis strode along for good exercise on the sand. Christine, Sumatra, Pakeha, Kiora.and others of Davis's were on the tracks working mildly. Ariel ran a brisk gallop over half a mile, and he went well. Hortense strode along at a strong pacc alone. The Levite in company with Lara ran a smart gallop over six furlongs, the former drawing away at the finish. Lord Wilton galloped once rouud the sand, Success joining in with him the latter portion of the gallop, which was a very useful one. Sardius had Honeycomb for a companion on the tan, the filly keeoiue the old horse on tip- toe all the way in a twice round. Lochiel was on the sand, doing half-pacc exercise ; and his stable com panion Maxim was walking. This is a great fine colt, with plenty of .substance. Cutts was treating Nelson to walking exercise. Each of the letter are looking wonderfully well after their rather long trip. Dunlop ran a useful gallop once round the tan. R. Sevior'a, Lang's, Jellett's, Wilson's, M'lvor's, S. 1) a lion's, and several other horses were at work during the morning. CAULFIELD, Tcesdat. In anticipation of a warm day trainers commenced their duties shortly after 5 o'clock. The course proper was thrown open for work, but only a few borses exercised on it. A slight accident happened to Barton while riding Hazard at exercise, but beyond a bruised hand and wrist nothing serious occurred to mar the morning gallops. Cox was about the firat to make an appearance with a fresn inmate ol P. Kelly's stable for trotting and cantering. Then, followed J. Leek's Kenneth for an easy couple of turns on the tan, while Beekwith was led in bis work. Master John can tc rod on the 6and track. G Carter despatched the rather infirm Ambassadress a mile and a half, the last quarter at a strongish pace. Sydney bowled along in his usual style for a couple of miles, also Favo.who now begins to display signs of his old infirmity. Otmpbciihas Lord Allen looking beautiful, and with Agnes can tered a mile and finished with a sharp half mile. Blpndin cantered, and Connolly sent Udy Ashton. who Is big and well, a couple of miles on the tan at «a«y pace. Roy and Sweetmeat ran once round at a strongpace. -Eugenie,Bonnie Lad .and Star were treated to useful work, JtoranBros. began by sending King of the West, with sweaters on, a strong mile and a half on,toe tan. ta which the King of the lUng hSSa .moved very nicely. Jim Cain 4id a couple of useful tuT»'one«ntte8a"d track, while Little John wis restricted to similar work, and moved alomr treaiv » Jack, a Jumper, by kamlet. XS oined Little Johnonthe course proper for a striding gallop, followed ? l»y the chestnut Lapidist colt; tfie re' matador/-, ot the string cantered and trotted L Fouleham sent Marmion. the eteep'ert«S t«. gopd, sound work, with a 6ha?p B Wfi0t A round on ten. then shifted to the course proper, where he went a llttb! TOore than hall.pace. llonuie Doon did similar wort Fernandez-cantered on the tan. Silvermine in ««« pany with Gentility, cantered a couple of n tefon fee tan, finishing home ttrougly; the latter i. in* much improvement Trenton and AbydoTare only doing walking exercise. Kohil efnfa.3 ~ did Lady .Loyell and lWolr. P. C&S.E; f"a EotthIero;idt,ico whll« Grace Darling "cantered' °Th0 ^ulfl^d' <jw winner is veiy light. Uncas. with W iiST aid a couple Of striding turns on tha^ . JT Nectarineand Isabel cantered on th" ten fun., exercised Forsaken and Tabbv at hklf Jones despatched most of hi, s^Jj^Sg^n * tan »od pourse proper. Dougaifton wa"t onoeround,and after a sbortTteA-.7 fenrl°>*Me wnrlf, j ] Wondered and got rW ot I JdltbyyM dvtlHkt I was one of the earliest, sending Louise Berta ft rood | I sound gallop ; later on, Mi" Mia, Goodwood. Violet* I Lisotto, Louis 2nd, and others worked. Cadland and j Gildv also put in a strong gallop, in which tha former acquitted Iiimself satisfactorily. Foulsham sent Chicago and Kohai a sound inile on the courae pro par, and Marmion was indulged over three miles at a useful pace. Gentilit.v, aoeompanicd by bilvcrmtne, cantered on the tan tor a couple of miles, and then finished lip with another jnlle at three-quarter pace ; the pair look well. Fernandez cantered on the tan. Lady Level) and Kosewood worked together steadily 011 the sand track, whilst Bonnie Doon began by cantering on the tan, and then shifted on to the course projier, where she finished up a sharp six fur* longs in nice style. H. Connolly scut Hoy and Sweet meat at a sound pace over a mile and a half. Lady Ashton after encompassing an easy turn on the sand, increased the pace to strong for another mile. Eugenie cantered on tho course proper. Upper Crust and I Beelzebub canterod. Bonnie Lad is still an absentee oiving t'> the injury which he received to his shoulder hst Wednesday morning whilejumpinsr a hurdle. Mark Thompson, the Sydney trainer, was down with Mr, Oxenhain's recent purchases, Faugh-a-ballagh, 1'baon, and Gipsy's Warning. All three are looking well. Tho former was sent about half-pace for a couple of turns on the tan, while the last-named pair cantered from the home turn to the mile and a quarter post, then broke away for a real good working gallop, both pulling up all right. Campbell ha? Agnes and Dlondin in nice condition, ana each did useful work on the tan. Lord Allen, one of the handsomest colts In training, was piloted by O'Brien tor nice striding work on the tan. Tho whole of P. Kelly's string were fndulg-ed in can ten ag and nioe striding work. J. Leek 6 -nt Miss I'arnell, ft speedy-looking marc, for a sharp burst of five furlongs on the course proper, after cantering on the tan. Master John appeared to most advantage in the five-furlong spin with Beck with. Collins bad Newmaater cantering on the tan. Moran Bros, gave Phenomenon and Gncoulus Esurlcns cantering: exercise, while King of the West started off alone on the grass track. After going a mile he was brought home by Jim Cain, finishing strongly. Little John covered a similar distance in company with Jack, a good- looking eon ot Hamlet. The half brother to ilalua, who Is shaping each morning like a racehorse, ran a strong mile and a quarter. Hazard did about three miles at a rood striding paeo. An» I bassadress, Favo, and Sydney were sent useful work on the tan. Uncas, with O'Brien up, cantered a couple of miles. Nectarine was out exercising. Grace Darling cantered. Empress, Hot Iron, The Ghost, and others did useful tfork. 