'A LADY'S LETTER FROM SYD.F? Y. AT this floriferous time of year the whole country may with truth be called a garden. Wherever we turn the pleasing picture charms the senses with bright, glowing, and odorous blooms. While the beautiful wild flowers are perfooting their buds, covering the bush, and- trailing their graceful fee. toons, veiling the face of uncultivated places with the untrained beauty of natural growth, their care. fully-tended sisters of the Botanical Garden parterres are also preparing for a display of beauty. So many compliments have been paid to our native flora and challenges to Australian poets to make them the theme of homage, that no wonder that the flte desi feurs at beautiful Manly last week should have won so much time and attention. Lord and Lady Carrington went down to Manly and opened the show, and after that the beautiful arcadia was a fairy temple of floral commerce for three days. The sceuane was enchanting. Orchids and ferns of quaint origin, sweet rock.lilion of languorous loveliness; fragile white specimens of wild beauties,' deep, pink. hearted native roses, fascinated the eye. The bowers, arches, and pillars presented a very wealth of flower and foliage. As a contrast there were miniature forests of maiden hair, and jungles of moss nestling among cool.sheltered rocks and grottoes, and from this splendour you stepped into massive banks of rich paradises of bush flora, "glowing and gleaming." The stalls. too were perfect gems of taste and beauty, in the brightness and freshness of which their charming holders vied favourably. Indeed the costumes of this " garden of girls" were in themselves bouquets, of beauty,' harmonising artistically with their surroundings. As I looked on the fair picture, and heard the dainty requests " won't yon buy a bouquet, sir ?" I said to myself "surely no knights had over more gracious ladies, and no Australian gallant can resist the power of beauty." And so it has proved, for I hear a nice little round sum has been collected for the joint benefit of the public park and the Roman Catholic Church. The opening of the new aquarium at Bondi by the premier on the same day as the Manly "battle of fiewers,'' was another event of sooial interest during, the week. A great crowd was present and everything was done to make it the success it was.. The pro. moters of the enterprise are to be congratulated; for a lovelier situation as a pleasure ground could not be found anywhere in Sydney. The outlook is magnificent. There are the over.moaning sea and the silvery beach in the foreground, while the background has a glen of' wondrous, romantic beauty; besides, human ingenuity has combined the useful in the way of a well-stocked 'aquarium, a spacious concert hall, and beautiful grounds; the trams will stop at the very gates, so what more can be desired? I am sure it will be a success as a pleasant summer re- . sort. The second race ball of the season took. place; at Government House on Friday night, the 80th September, at whichl about 500 invited guests were present, and all enjoyed the graceful hospitality of Lord and Lady Carrington. Conventionalism reigns no longer at the vice. regal abode. 'Lady Carrington's public reception last week took the form of a largo "At Home." Time was when the Governor s-tood alongside of her: ladyship, and Captain Wall ington, dressed in all the bravery of uniform, annouooed in stentorian tones the names of, visitors as they poured in and' passed on., But all those formalities were- wanting on the last occasion. I am sure Lord Carrington looked over so much happier in his brown tweed saito with a cut.away. coat, as I saw him afterwardesin tile refreshment room chatting jauntily' in the' midst of: a group of gentlemen, which favoured few friends he was treating to sparkling champagne, than if he had boeh under the restraint of social "office," not to speak of tlheo'weight of broadoloth. Lady COarrington lnoked very olharining as she receivedher' ghoests in tbheverandah in an elegant toilotto composed of white pougeeo silk, and, veiling, relieved by.; bande, of pendaut gold garniture at throat, and waist, and wrists; bonnet en . suie, and. beauteous little black lace and jet mantelette. The tide of visitors was attracted in a wave towards the tennis lawn, where a well-.contestod game was being played 'enthusinastically and watched with much interest. It is glorious weather for toenis, and everybody at Government House and everywhere seems to be seized with a tennis mania. All the young men put on flannel garments, and all the young ladies striped costumes and sailor hate, and moot at each other's houses, and play with all their might and main ; and then they drink lots of tea in the open air, and then follows that terrible Nomeois-neuralgia, I hope none of my tennis friends will see this half-cruel and half.envrious hit at their beloved game. Fortu. ,nately to be a "craok-player" one does.not need either brains or a certificate of character I His Excellency the Governor gave a dinner party on Saturday niight, when all the leading members of tllo'hoiso, bar, army, and navy were invited to meet the gallant cavalry officers belonging to sir district cavalry corps, who came to Sydney to' take part 'in thes great tournament 'which .took place last '?aturday. r On this afternoon Moore Park was the scene of, much ' bustle snd military glory, and thousande. of' people' in holiday garb. and spirits weare attracted th?hlerwards.' Many .'graceful inanoeuvres were executed by the 'men. Chief among thomweoroei OaTalry sword oexorcise; "tilting the ring;'"' lemon.' outting; the, refined cruelty of ' s?evering the Turk's heoid"-=I think the' prformers would have liked a Chnluaman's head instead-and'several other' oeentst;" proving' the truth of the saying, "none but the brave deservo the fair," M, onday was an all-round holiday for town folics. Qulto tea feature of the day's entertainment was the eight.hour demonstration, which was regarded as an event of more than ordinary interest. Eager antici patlion was to be read in :the faces that lined-the streets on both sides, while every. point of vantage. ground 'was ocouploed to see the processionuof trades. poeiple.'go by..: And a magnifioont sight itwas; this great fostival of the labour.world. Each soioety was d?istinct in representation. 'Flags and mottoes were triumphs of art, bearing the insignia of the various lhandloralts.. Some of the banners took as many as fourteen men to bear them aloft, ou which significant omblemsuiof strength, such as "Defenoe, not Defiance," "We-build up, we do not pull down," "We aro;diligent in. the cause of justice," and '! United we stand, divided we fall," were beautifully printed. The flne-loolking men who took part in the demonstration were themselves suggestive of power anll strength. I liked the display of the soamon's uneon' They naotually brought out a largo life-boat oni, dray with all the necessary appurtonances for saving lifo at sea, and the sailors looked so happy as they pasod the bottle round morrily, oblivious of the crowd of onlookors. But what do sons of Neptune carol Horses wera shod while the pro coosiou was in motion, papers were printod, and gas manufaotured. The stonemasons looked so prim and nloo in their clean white aprons as they ohipped away at the foundationistone of the trades union hall which is to be laid noxt year. The Typographical Societlay was consequential enough if one were to judge by the noise they made, In faoot the whole army of workers wore " sploudid." If thes aristocratic portion' of the community abseoatod themselves from this service whera "labour was truly worship," as Carlyle puts it, thnou the lose was theirs; and I doubt if all the ormino and purple and fine gold could make so grand and noble a tourt ensemble. A eurious fact to note was that just as the prooosaion arrived at Moore Parke down came a heower of lhailstones, and thie atmosphere cloeared again immediately, I forgot to mention a very important point in tihe display. It wans this. Threeo figures in the female form divine reprosnouted LabourI, ?ost, and tecrea. tion--as much as to say "all work and no alloy, makes Joackl a dull boy ;" and quito right too. The crusade anent ithe barmaid quosltion has again boon exorcising masouline minds of lato. 'And as it conoorns my oer I might be allowed a few words too on the subjeoot. By all manos lot us dispcneno with femalo serviceo for tice ale of liquor. The system is degrading, ac a wholo, to thle womanindd of Aus tralia. That wido -. awake, go - ahead demooratic country, America, has thought fit to veto that oustom, so that it cannot be " a necosary evil " as some would have us believoe. Cortaiuly, I admit there are girls to be found in hotels and in bars who are in. nooont; but they are in a very small minority. Because the odds are a hundred to one that a girl will be allowed to roalnu hier soul iuosuellled aud hr thoughts puro in an atmostphlaro reolieng with do. graded manhood. Bolero a radical ehlengo cenll be efforotod lot man (and espeoially our "respeotable married men") possess moro moral libro. The English evidenoutly havo a very poor opinion of our mental calibro. In no less than three in. stances, in a habort epace of time, I hlave mot with oplolnons of their press about us which, to say the least of it, are impertinent in the extreme. One writer says thore is an absneoe of literary atmo. sphereo 'in Auatralia; that we depoand upon the r· "mother-country" for our supply of intlllectual pabulum ; that our tastes are receptive, not creative, the printing press is confined to journalism, and that book.writing is a failure. Then the Spectator condemus wholesale, Sir Alfred Stephen's Divorce Extension Bill, and hopes that the Queen will put her veto upon it. A third writer in St. James's Budget rails at parents and guardians for trans porting wild scions of families Co the colonies, where mischief is rife, and the road to wrong-doing easy to traverse. Now all this in a lump ought certainly to cure colonials of the practice of performing so much on that musical instrument-" their own trumpet." Some of our distinguished amateur actors and actresses are shortly to shine in melodrama at Government House. Steering throukh thequicksand of the stags is very difficult; and unprofessional currents are variable, I am told (in confidence). First the play. has, to be discussed. They meet, and after much talk and- propositions, one is selected. Then the rehearsals follow. One lady is absent, and sends an excuse; or the " lover"-where is be ? Some good.nustured person takes his part,; andif he is good. looking, the other one is forgiven, 'and the young lady (who thinks herself fortunate) accepts the substitute with sublime resignation. But I will say this for our ambitious Thespian gods and goddesses, that when the eventful night comes it is wonderful how smoothly they always make averything work. October 4. . ' A. 0. B. 