By Electric Telegraph, (I'ROJt 'OUR oiVN CORRESPONDENTS.) ' , ; -Warwick, JUly 1, On tho arrival at tho Promicr nt-Wartf iok, tlip Mayor and alderman accompanied by a number of roridonts, gavo Blc ' Samuol Griffith aficntty welcomobomo. Mr. Morgan, tho Mayor, prcsentod him with nn address oE wclcomo, to which Sir Sntnucl appro priately replied. 1p6wtoh, July 1, Most clRborato preparations wcro mndo horc for tbo reception of tbe. Premior. A largo crowd nssomblcd, and Sir Samuel was cnthuslavtically erected, Tho Mayor nnd Corporation presented him with an address, to which Ira suitably responded, ' . BqishANe, July 1. Tho Premier arrived at Brisbano shortly after oight o'clock this evening, tho approach of tho train being heralded by an explosion of detonators laid along tho line into tho at at ion, Tho weather was wet and dismal, pat nn immenso -crowd' nssomblcd at .tbo railway station. Tho Premier on laod-. Ing .from tho train was' greeted." with loud cheers. Tho Hcnd Quarters baft was. present and played "Homo, Sweet Home," Sir Samuel Griffith and party woro dri.en to the Town Hall, nrqoedcd by tbo band and tlio members of tbo Firo Brlgado carrying torchc. An lmmcnEO orowd followed. Colored . stars woro sont up all along tho route. On alighting at tbo Town Hall, where another' orowd had acsembled, tho Premier was again greeted with cheers,. . An address of wolcorae was read at, tho Town Hnll by the Mayor. Tho Promier, in replying, was greotod with cathusiastio -and prolonged ohcerlug. Ho said he need not say ho wr,o glad to bo bomo. again, Ha roturncd hearty thanks for tho snlondid wMoomo given to. himself 'and wifo on. their arrival in Briflbano, They .had "not been absont many months, but Mluring that timo It bad been fils good, fortune .as. well as his duty to . b'ave.to.poiform a very impprtantwork, Tho Premier then snoko at somo -longtU on tho Conference, anu tho good Hholy to result froin it, ' . : r- ... ' ' ' :+' ' ' V. bcon, tl-oy spakinv, Lqst Christmas 'Whlohclto'a plant, and it, forms factory, in are termed "ri-ip. boots" is on an to the trade, muntbly ccnHipnrac.its tiffoQlal pcthlh_sd,crings for " nnd children."/ His stock In cmnplolo nnd Jits shop window,/alwavB woll drcsicd, supplies a good index of. what is " inside. Tlran ho has a Roma Branch, wbioh " tips a 0(1 western trado, nnd ho has ; ust h(t a happy ,,-ldon, which, as - nr. co tho boot.;rn.na shoo trado is' 'ooijoorncd will work a revolution. Oa Juno 18 ho oponod a branoh estnblishmont in Boggoncamp's how »bop, whero aprinoljdo (wbioh has long obtained in England Is botng ' . put in fotod. In tbooldcountrycompotitioa ' uas become so keen thnt rannufaoturors aro -' , ' fighting shy of the wholosalo trade," The margin of profit Is so 'raiorosoonicdr that tho . \ wholesale trado is boing abollshod, nod auoh .' a well-known flrm as Stand, Simpson and . Nephew of Lciceitcr, together with many ' others in EnglnnA nud Scotland, aro putting themselves as manufacturers in direct cora- munlcnUoa witli.tbo wearers of tho goods mnnufnctnrcd-tiviJgb' the medium of retail shops, where for cash, boots nod shoos aro sold at wbohsnlo prices. Stood, Simpson nnd Nephew have now in different KnglUU ' . ' / towns no fewer than 80 retail cstablhhmonts whtro singlo pnirs or parcels of boofs are sold nt wuoicsaio prices. This means "Ichabod" to ibo.mlddlomea. with thoje- suit that tho purchaser gots tho bcQoflt, Mr, Field bas adopted tbiBprinclpIont his branch bstabfishmont in this town, and judging from , tho amount of baslncs9 dono duriug tho last fortnight, it certainly npponra to hnvo found favour with the. gouernl public. Tbo chief recommendation of tho faotory itself, to an oatsider, is tho fact that it is a busy hlvo of ' Indjistry, Yesterday morning tho benohos Wero full of workois nnd»nll woro "hard at it." Tho promisos arc very compact, ji storo room being immediately behind tho shop, nnd tho -work room still furthor to tho rear. , Except tbo flnhhors tho' workors aro in ono- room, wb ;ro in ono glance; can- bo sccu boota and shoes in all stagos of Construction. Tho proccas through which thohvorkablo mntcrinl passes reminds ono of his uursury days when tho embodiment of tho young idea wm 'I aolomcnly informed that it took nlno mon to t mnkoapln. Thoro aro to bo "spoil men and boys pegging and Bhnping, and iqiningand flnisbing, Now-n-dnys, howovor, uiliohinory . r plnysnnimportantpnrtinthomnkingofboote, benco Mr. Field's workshop is full of nia- — chines. Instead of pioturiug tho vllliago " cobbler, with blopk between b'H, knees, with spectacles ncrors .bis crown, . niui hammer in hand belaboring leather for iho solo, bcol, cr upper, tboro is -tbo mnchino roller driven by. steam, gas, or band., No longer is tbo keoa edged knifo required- for shaping soles ; that is dono. by mnohiucry, nnd thnro-is tho blocking ninchiuo, whioh .is capable of shaping 16 dozen pairs of uppers par day. Beside these tbero aro tho oycloting, punching, and riveting machines, tho sawing machines ' nnd other necessary appliances. Tho 'most " . intricate of tho, wholo, hjwavor, is Blake's Improved sole-sowing mnohine, Tills is con- " - mined in a simple frame work, but at tho snmo timo the machinery is nn .intricate! combination ot cam, but it is so cffectivo that ono man can sow ns many as 350 pDlrs of bo-ts in a day. A olmnnelling mnchino prepares tho soles for the reception of .tho stitches, by cutting n groove, and combined both machines do tbnir work to perfoction. The stiiching which joins solo and uppor togelhor la simply perfect and hotter than that mndo by band. In tho old country at iho present timo, owners of this ma chine— whioh by tho way is a most oxpon&lvo; , picco of nieohanism— stitch boots for Out siders at a surprising ohcap rato. Mr. Field is prepared to do tho snmo for a charge of 8th- per pair. Such a revolution is Almost i sufficient to causo tbc ghosts of. long-doad makers of sIiocb to hover ovor tbeso modern inventions. Yot tbo work can bo done,': It is . a matter for congratulation that wo have . V -< such a" promising industry Jnour midBt, - Mr. ; .Field's boot factory promises to bo mora ' .. prosperous in tho futurothan in tho past, auil. . . ns an addition. to our industries wo willingly . say fiAdyaqco. Toowoomba." ; ' 