'HIE Parliamentary Electikmns. Mr. Fletcher'b ~Candidatureo. A.I arnina of the friendeand supporters of Mr. James F:cheher last might addressed some 4000 of the electors of the city from the balcony of the Criterion Hotel. The hatlr was taken by Mr. Willism Laing, J.P., and the meeting throughout, with some slight interruptions, was of a most orderly chars.cter. The CHalaraN commeuced by remarking that it was most unfortunate that Mr. Fletcher was not there to address them that evenin-, but he had no doubt th y had .all read his straigh forward, manly address published in the newspapers. (HLear,hear.) In his absence a number of his old friends would address the electors, including Mr. Alexander Brown and other well-known gentlemen. Mr. Fletcher would be back from Sydney the following day, and would probably address th'.m on the nomination day if able to do s He would now intro duce to them their old friend, Mr. Alexander Brown, who woad say a few words on behalf of Mr. Fletcher. Mr. BROwN, who was received with con siderable applause, sail he had to apologie to them for the unavoidable absence of Dr. Morgan who had to be present at another meeting. With regard to the question which was that evening to engage their attention he might say that it:was just. Eix years ago since it had been his privilege on that very platform to presi e at a meati-?t and introduce to tbem for pohltical life, and for their sulfrages, Mr. Fletcher. then an untried man. (Hear, hear.). There were present on the platform w.th him two old and respected townsmen, who had now passed over to the great and silent majority. He referred to Dr. Nash and Mr. Chapman -(gppla'use)-both of them good, true straightforward and honourable gentlemen. Amongst the other gentlemen with him was their present worthy chairman, Mr. Laing, and his good friend Mr. Brooks. (Applause.) Those two gentlemen were there asain with him that evening, which showed that Mr. Fletcher had during that period been con sistently supported by all three of them. He was sure that if their friend Mr. Fletcher could have been present to have addressed them during this election he would have done so at every corner of the electorate--(ap. plause) but a higher power than himself had made him physically unable to do so. He was, however, they all hoped, only tem porarily incapaci'ated, and if the election could have been postponed for a month or two they might rely upon it he would have done so, and if any elector asserted that he was not ready at all times to face the elec tors he said what was not true of James Fletcher. (Cheers.) That gentleman had known him (Mr. Brown), he was going to say almost from the time he had filled a prominent position in a perambulator. (Cheers and laughter.) They had been connected together in many important matters, and a more straightforward, honourable gentleman never breathed the breath of life-(applause)-and he felt that if he could go into the sea to serve him (Mr. Brown) he would do so, and he was there that e'vening, at the request of the com mittee, to say a few words on his behalf. During the six years to which he had re ferred, their friend had been returned three times at the head of the poll and once unopposed. (Applause.) He felt surethat when the time came, whatever personal feelings they might entertain for the moment, and it came to a question of striking out the name of James Fletcher from the ballot paper, there was not one who would have the heart to do it. (Cheers.) He had no doubt that their late member had made some enemies but they knew perfectly well there was not a man ever went to him for assistance but he did what he could to help him. (A vo'ce," Quite true.") He never turned a man away. but did his best for him; tut at the same time he believed he sometimes offended some of his friends by making them pro maises which it was not always possible for him to carry out, and if there was any responsibili;ty in that they ought to acquitl him of it, for he did these things out of the innate goodness of his heart. (Cbeers.) They had, no doubt, all read the address in the papers. Forhis own part,-he must con fess that, in his opinion, that address covered the whole of their political ground at the present time, and that it ought to command their most serious attention and consideration. (Applause.) He would re fer to one or two other points, but they were only minor points. He would lea??ve the address to them and ask them if it was not a most straightforward manly utterance, and a clear exposition of the political situa tion. (Applause, and a vote: "Where is Mr. Fletcher ?"'). Mr. Brown answered that he was ia Sydney under the hands of the doctor, which ought to command their sympathies. (Cheers.) It would be im. possible to enumerate the whle of the benefits Mr. Fletcher had done for the district; but he would tell them of one thing connected with one of the largest and most important interests connected with this city-namely, the export of wool. Well, had it not been for Mr. Fletcher he (Mr. Brown) would never have been able to send a single bale of wool from New castle. The Government did everything they possibly could to prevent him from carrying out that enterprise and would not allow him to touch it at any price until Mr. Fletcher used his influence, and then oppositson ccaso5. (Cpplauoe). The great advantages were explained to Mr. Fletcher of the trade going direct from this port, and it was pointed ou* that it might lead to the White Star and. Orient liHues of steamers coming here for freight and so increase the prosperity of our port. When these advantages were pointed out to Mr. Fletcher he said, "Aleo., I will get you that land," and he never stopped till he got it. (Cheers). Now they had sent from sixty to seventy thousand bales away direct, and the time would come when not a bale would be sent from Sydney. (A voice : What shabout the sand drift ) There could be no doubt about it that it it had not been for Mr. Fletcher they would never have got that sanddrift re. moved. It was a great boon to the public, and the same might besaid of the twenty. three sores which the same gentleman had 'obtained as a reoreation reserve for New castle. (Applause.) He had also resumed a large portion of land at btockton, which had been held back by a mining company, and it was now set apart sr publiopur. poses, and was at present being surveyoed for the purpose of being c.rverted into a public townrhip, which would give them an opportunity of buying a cheap building allotment if they felt so inclined, Another thing he Shad done; he got the Wickham people a park, which was a great boontothem. One of those measures of whioh he had always been a constant supporter was a Loosl Gov. e:?ment Bill, which was absolutely requ'red in the intereas of both town and county. Th.e waes altlogther too mtuch centraliza. tion, which hd to a far larger expenditure than cus nccesary.. and was the means of no end of red tape anind circumlooution. (finr, ir r) 'rhis we s mn :seutre which he strongly advised tlil, elector. to thave peosed on, and they would have no more ordent otpporter th?n Mr. F.etcher. (Ohcern.) There was nefltllr eubh-?ct hl ought to say a voTrd about, although se kr.ew it w?ne a- very delicate one. It was the subzjct of Frce'tradlc whichi' hbd been described somewhere as inter. fering with othlr people's bucinest, and leaving our own alone (Apprnuse and laug'iter.) Without etttring into this question fully, he ?elt that Mr Fletcher had attacek the key-,,te in aIs pablished addreset Hrie (MIr. Brown)believed in Free trade, but he did not believe in Free-trade when otrer people did' not believe in it. (Lauuh'er) What he mos3nt wa, Itht he did not believe in their'port b- ing a free port while other colonies shut their ports against us: (Cheers.) In this respect they ought to protect thEmselves, and ii they could n, t have intcrcolonial Free trade, then tlhey ought to study thsir own advantages as the other colonies did. After reading a portion of Mr. Flitaher's addres. bearing on Freertrade, Mir. Brown went on tn say he felt convinced they most agree with it, One thing which he felt anthorised to say wac that an altogethor wron!g reason had been given for Mr. Fletcher leaving the Ministry. The more and immediate caus-i of his throwing up his portfolio was becaus the Minister of W" rks wae determined to cut down the wages of-tbe working man, aed rather than be a party to such a scheme. Mr. 'letclhe-at once sacrificed his position. (Cheers) That was the true reason he had left Sthe Government, and not because, as had been said, It was a sinking ship. He had always, by voice and pen, advocated' the interests of the working man. He was a large employer' of labour and had been identified with their dis!trict for yetar, and his advocacy for the wel·lhra of the labouring classes was not mere profession, f r he paid the full rate of wages, and his men worked the union hours; indeed, he had been blamed by capitalists for his interest in the cause of labour, which hadt been character ised as mere sentiment. But if so, it was sentiment of a very practical kind, and did him honour. (Cheers) For his own part he considered it was much better to back a true man on the side of wrong than a false man on the side of right. He asked their sympathy in Mr. Fletcher's absence, and ralso one of their votes on Thursdiay. 'The ques. tion of plumpers ha] been mentioned, but at was a very delic.ite one. For his own part where two members wetre eturned he con- sidered two votes ought to be given, and by giving one of these to their long tried member, Mr. Fletcher, next Saturday, they would once more triumphantly place him at the top of the poll, (Cheers.) Mr. Twoaas -Btoocs expres?sed pleasure at seeing ladies present, as that was a good augury. He regretted the absence of their friend, Mr. Fletcher, bet that gentleman would carry their sympathies with him, for he had been the friend of the working classes for five and twenty years. (Cheers.) He (Mr.; Brooks) was one of the first who associated with others asked Mr. Fletcher to contest the Newcastle etctorate. He had been re turned four times, and had represented them well and honestly. (Applause) In his absence, and while in a state of sick. ness,the asked them to act fairly by him and show that though he was not. present they had not forgotten'the many benefits he had conferred on the district and the country at large. (Cheers.) On the rnestion of Free-trade, Mr. Brooks supported that por tion of Mr. Fletcher's address, especially on the matter of the 10 or 15 per cent. duty, which he strongly advocated. It-was time they looked round and protected-their own interests, or they and their children would starve. (Applause). They must do it if they- did their duty. (Cheers.) He had run away with this Free-trade idea long enough. (Cheers.) Years ago he owned several slips, but he was compelled to peart with them because he could not compete with foreign vessels. Buch a state of things would not be allowed in any part of the corld exceptimbecile New South Wales. (Cheers) Mr. Fletcher would support a tax of 15 per cent., aed they had a right to assEist him, otherwise he (Mr. Brooks) did .not know whatthey were going to do. In his opinion, if ever there was a fair tax it was the ad valorem. It was the fairest tax they couald have, much more so than the specfie duties He also proposed an income and-. property tax. That would be a means of -getting at the absentees. The A.A. Company by this law would have to pay their share of the country's revenue in proportion to the stake they had in it. (Cheers.) BMIc. Fletcher had, in his opinion, . very satisfactori!y explained the cause of our present surplus labouir,which it would take years to absordb M. Fletcher had also advocated peyment of members --there was a chance for them! (Cheers and laughter) Irri gation was another important mar.tter which had Mr. Fletcher's heartiest sympathy. Since the eight-hour movement was first mooted Mr Fletcher had strongly supported it in ever way, and if they wanted it to continue they had better stick to Mr. Fletcher (Cheers.) ie was assured on the most re iable authority that hat gentleman had administered the Mines Department is.it :had hardly ever been administered before.. (Applause.) He intended to introduce a Mining Ater, and with all thrse recommendatlins, and in his hour of weakness, he (Mr. Brooks) hoped they would always dt as they had so often done in the past, and return Mr. Fletcher at the head of the poll.- (Cheers:) Mr. JOSEPHr! WooDn. sa;d he only appeared on MIr. Fletcher's-behalf because he was not able to appear for himself. (Applause.) He hoped he would be able to render him in his absence some little assist ance. Mr. Fletcher was a man the country could very ill afford to lose, and that was one reason why they. should put him in. (Cheers.) Hisl(Mr. Woods') colours wore Fletcher and Ellis, they had always been so and he was. not going to change now. (Applause.) Withl regard to Freetrade they must not: think if Free-traders were returned that they. whsld have the duties rem-oved. 8ir lienry Parkes could not re move them nor any one- else at the present tim-. He (Mr.Wood)candidly believed our policy, would be on the whole a Free-trade one, no. matter who might be elected, though he was not a hard aid fast or extilei.: 're,-tracu,... In conclusion ho would propose Mir. Fletcher as a itatnd proper person to reproe. sent ?lewecastle in the .Assembly. Mn. GutAaaAn's.rising was the signal for eheena and interruption. He told them.he intended to speak. (Applause.) Fre-e trade and Protection were not the questions w~hich ought to.be brought so prominently before them now. The questions of a land tax, an elective Upper House, and other matters, were of far more importance at the present time than that of Protection or Free- trade. (Applause.) If they were democrats,, were they going to- desert a man who had fought for the cardinal points of- his political policy, as laid down by him, foiryears past ? (Applause) Prove to him that he had been false on a single point,and he would abandon Mr. Flatcher at once. Let them not be led away by thes.e trimmers. (Cheers.) IMr. Fletcher was a working man, and had told them he wocld be so all has lifo. (What about Mr. Lloyd F) He had nothing to say against Mr. Lloyd, but he was there to speak on behasl of the sick and the abse.t, (Cheers) He koew ft had hen ssid t:iat Mr. I:vshbor watt afraid to fste the oe:elors, but if there was oase thing that gentleman was noted for it was his indomitable pluck. (Cheers) If he had been true to his priroiples, let them not forget him and what he had dcne, but give hin' a vote on Thursday as a token of their gratitude. Mnl. W?AriAr'J)IAvFS as an advocate of the rrights of nlabour supported the motioe. He asked them wall to weigh the questions before them. t the present time •ree-trade was simply a bogus phantom, and it was not the first time Sir Henry Parkas had raised a ghost in lbhia colony, (Liuhter.) The speaker said he had worked wit, Mr. 1Phetcher, side )by side, for years, and knew every phae of hIis crharactr:;. but still he wold not euppourt lbu until he learned what his opinions nov?e were. The address published had fully saisfird him that he was felly worthy of thieir continued con. fidence. (Cheers.) Hle met Mr. Fletcher 30 years ago when h, Ias at a deleat.? meeting at the Ship In., contending for' the eight-hbour principle. (c(ecrs.) He had, ever been the friend of lajour-indeed he had often bh.n accused of takiog the aide of labour againset capital. Wit. regard to what had been said about Mr.-Fletocher be. ing offraid to face theo,, that was all non sen'e, far if all the' world was against him that gent'emon would face it and freely cx press his opiion. (Cheers.) Mr. Davies referred to the coal industry and Sbe ben-s. fit it had receivid from the efforts of dir. Fletcher, and said they must in the next Parliament have a Mbuing Bill pnased to protect the live: and limbs of the miners. (Applause.) He trusted that Mr. Fletcher would be present to, give such a bill hi.'f practical support, and he hoped he would be accompanied in the next Parlinm.ent by the miners' grneral secretery, Mr. Curley, in order that the bill might be one mosd than in name only. (Applause.) He was greatly astomshed at a statement made on Saturday night that Mr. Fletcher was instrumental in reducings the railway men's unges. Even his enemies would adrnit that that gentlenman alway • fought hard in the interests of the working man. (A voice: Will you answer me a. question ?) Mr. Davies continued : He wao not a candid ate. He was in the position of - Balaam's ass, for when Balsam could not sp?ak the ass spoke for him. (Cheers, and laughter.) In conclusion he asked them to give onevote to James Fletcher, the friend of Labour, when th-y went to the ballot-bor': on Thursday. (Cheers.) In response to calls Mr. Donnelly came forirard, and said the issues of Free-trade and Protection, which had been placed. before them, were false issues. He had rend Mr. Fletcher's address, and agreed with every portion of it. He was of opinion that they should return two local cands dates. (Applause.) They knew Mr. Fletcher better than he did,h but from what he had read of that gentle. man it would be a standing disgrace to them if they did not return him-especially when he had given the best years of his life in their cause, and been laid on a bed of sickne;ss, (Cheers.) But he was sure they would never do that--(A voice, " Fletchlrr and Ellis for ever")-but that they would again place him at the top. of the poll on Siturday next. (Applause). After a few more words in support of Mr. Fletcher's principles 's enunciated in the address, Mr. Donnellyhrped that on Satur day next the electors wrould not beunmind. fal of the past, but would rally round their old member in his illness and place him again as one of their members. (Cheers and signs of diesent.) Mr. Creer had commenced to speak when some one interrupted : "? Y'ou are a toady of his." Replied Mr. Creer: " The gentle. man who says I am a toady does not know me. There is no man in this country who ran make a toady of me, and that is pretty well known by those who know me." Mr. C?Er? continued : That for the last twenty years the city^ of Newcastle had never been as well represented as by Mr. Fletcher. (Applause) Among other things Mr. Fletcher had got the sand drift nuisance abolhsbed, and he (Mr. Creer) would inform them that Mr. Fletcher would have resigned his position as Minister of Mines long ago but for his (Mr. Creer's) efforts to induce hnm to remain in office till the Sand Drift Billhed pascsed. (Applause.) Mr. Creer referred to the coal vend ques (ion, and hoped they would never forget the part Mr. Fletcher had taken in it. (Cheers.) He then made an appeal to the electors, many.od whom had votes for Northumberland, craying that he was directly interested in the city and county as well as Mr. Flatcher. He belheved he would again be returned at the top of the poll, and that h- would be returned in com pany with Mr. Fletcher, whose published addrees he fully endrorsed. Mr. CuRER proceeded to speak at some length in favour of Protection. Mr. Ca LAGHAN also supported the resolu tion, amid some good-natured interrup. tions. Mr. Mom?cow? aelonded the motion? which, by some oversight, had not yet been done, and also paid a warm tribute of praise to Mr. Fletcher. The CuaIerN then put the motion5., when a perfect forest of hands was held up for it, althoughm any persons voted neither one way nor theother. "On the contrary?.rc' being put no. hands were held up, and the chairman accordingly declared the motion. carried unanimously. Cheers for the Chairman, for the Queen,. and for Mr. Fletcher concluded the pao-. ceedmings. 