ILIKE' WNUNLIKE. ";iBr M. E. Dsn~nnocr a Anthor, 'I.ady Audlesj'e ecrnet,' Ete. CHAPER XL.-THE FORLOBN HorPE '. Valentine Beflield walked to the furthest e nd of the platform and stood there; 'cold and aiek, like a man in a agn e fit, till has trait came ia from Plymouth, and then he, had to ruai after the. train as it steamed into toe s tation, and scramble into a firet-class corm. partmnent, panting and breathless, and white to the lips.. s ' You oughtn't to run things so close as that air, you don't look the kind of man who can Stand it,! said an elderly parson, one of those Samiable busy-bodies whoare always intereeted Sin'other people's aflaire. Valentine scowled at him by 'way of a answer, asche threw his deer-stalker into the reack,' and,mopped his forehead and hair, damp with icy sweat. '?A -churlish personage,' thought the West ' Country rector, ' something wrong with the Sheart, and a very irritable temper,' and the igood man tried to interest himself in his "newspaper. glancing over the top of it every inow.and then to'see if there were any hope of conversation. a Valentine put on his cap again, pulled it ovrer his forehead, and coiled himself in a corner of. the carriage in an attitude that meant total isolation, He was trying to recover his nerve after that sudden appari tion of St. Austell' : By- , I was afraid of the man,' he said to himself. ' For the firas time in my life I have known what it is to fear the face of a man, If a brace of constables came to arrest. me, warrant and, handcuffs complese. I wouldn't flonch; but his face unnerved me. Beloved her. He ,would ask me, " Wast have you done with that frail, false, lovely gitrl whose heart was mine ? ' Yes, bhise, he not mine. It was his love I murdered. It is to him I am answerable, It was his life I spoiled. She had teased to belong to me-' habe was openly, avowedly, his. And I quailed before.him, turned sick with fear at sight of -the villian who wronged me.' For an hour or more he sat in his corner, living over that brief moment of meeting seeing that passing. vision of a malignant face, telling himself again and again in bitterest mockery that it was St. Aussell who had lost by that .fatal blow. At last. and with a tremendonecifort, he dismisecd this dark train of. thoughts., and his mind reourred to one of the objects of his journey t'ondon . -Ever since that last meeting with Madge Darley, the girl-andt her mislsion had been ,treeent.to his, mind. Passion was dead in in him, buried under the crushing weight of a great remorse, numbed and frozen as the senses are in a nightmare -There was no re. kindling of san oldfisme ; buitin the ashes of ble dead love.for that strange girl there was a faint glow, a little spot of warmth remain ingwhere all else had grown cold.. He felt that if there could.be comfort or hope for him-anywhere upon,this earth, it wpuld be with her. He felt that if there were anyone -to whom he could confess hise crime, it was MtadgeDarley, and noet a priest. ' The Forlorn Hope,' he repeated to himself 'as he sat in his corner, looking out at the ilandsoape ; everyfield, and copse, and hill, 'and curvinog stream, familiar to him from ,boyhood; beheld again and again at all seasons, sonetimes in lisetless vaouity, some times in impatience. At last the train steamed into Paddlington station -on. she 'edge of dusk. -The sunset -glowed-darkly red athwart the London fog, as the train .passed .Harrow and Hanwell. The great vaulted roof of the terminus looked ghastly and sepulehial in the chilly light of •electric lamps. - Valentine told a porter to take his port. ,manteaux to the Great'Western hotel, and then left the station on foot. He was going -to LIeson Grove to look for the Refuge 'oonded by Madge Darley. The long thoroughfare of the Grove was light with lamplit shops, end full of trafflo, Valentine inquired in onsse of the shope, and was directed to. a side street, a dismal. looking street-of-ahabby, dilapidatedhoouses, which might have had acme pretension 4o respectability half a century ago, buhas whieh had fallen to about the lowest stage in the history of bricks, and mortar. , They. were houses-of a considerable size; however, and offired'aecomioditean'to a considerable population, as appeared by the various lighted windows, suggesting many domitiles 'under one roof. " ..-. " Aeross the front of one of these houses, of ' a somewhat better aspect than its neighbours, '-appeared a long-black board, on which the words, .' The Forlorn Hope,' were painted in large white letters. In front of the fanlight there was a. lamp with the words,' Refuge -for Women and Girls,' in black letters, sn the glass. There was no possible mistake as to the mot veand charascter of this inetion t lion. The door swung open at Valentine's touch, "and, as he arosed' thethrethold; a woman in a black gown and white cap came out of the ;'parlonr next the street, and met him in the peessage. It was Madge Darley. The: ehephedees Swas always' ready in receive the, 'lfost sheep. The fold was humble and unattractive, but it meant what it offered-Shelter. She started at eight if a tall man io a for 'bordered coat-started again on recogniseing WValentiue. , ' Mr. Belfield !' she exclaimed. SYes. I.told you I should come to you some day, Madge. andyto. promised not to shut your doors my fate.' ,AI am not likely to do that; bost I don't think you Will want to steay very long in this house.' -. .. :, , . She ledtheway into the parloor; a plainly lurnisbed room, lighted by a cheap paraffin .lamp, tinder a green shadd. ' . tall press made of pitch pine occupied 'eiber hdel of the firrplace. The table was of varnished deal, tihe walls were white 'washed, the fldoorwas ,ssearpeted, andhalf ,a.dozen rush.bottomed chairs completed the ifurniture of the rooms; bot all waes esmup "lonely neat and elean. A fire borned cheerily in the shining pate, aon an open-workbrass fender made one point of brightness in the picture. A large iron ket'le was singing on -the old-fashioned hob ?'Pray sit down,' aaid Made., iointling to a 'chair opposite hetpwn. ' You have an idle' -hour to spare, I soligiose, and you have come: 'to see our Refuge--to 'find ous for youreelf -whether. we are -doiog tgod work-in order. -that yon may help us' 's She spoke gravely,'faltering a little, more' deeply moved by bie presence in that plaso' than she would have cared to own to herself.: 'lhs" lesson of hr life f,.r nearly four years taSd been the lesson ofl ,rgestfuness; but It was not yet learned, H'e voice, his face, had still the power- to awaken a strange anreasoning gladness,. to give life a new scolour. \- 'Noo Madge; I have come on so such hilazihropi errand. I confese to care very ilile twhetherjoyr work of mer-y thrives or 'falls. I am here 'fioi' pure selfishness . "iam 'ea.ten optyy'my 'own dares: my, own \- ..,He stopped ouddenly, looking at her with "eyes that shodse feverishly bright in his pale and haggard face, with one strong. hand a?lonhed upon the table bIetween them. The Forlorn Hope, Madge,' he said in a mow volce, after a few momunts' silenue, * the -hope -that you :wiii 'nity me whes no 0one • else on "thi world, extent my brother, eon pity me, knowing alL Ye,, that you, know. \- ug my sin, might still pity me-might still ' love me,' . . 'He uang himself on hin knees at her feet. 'He seized her hand' ai. covered it with " ,kisses, deap'airing-kiesse- - whia's moved her \--more than his wildest passion of dayo gone by shad ever moved-her, fondly as she had loved' '=the tempter. - ' ... . •.' She snatohed'her haud from him' indig. 'mantlylooking.1him in angry surprise. ' I thought 'you knew-me better than to talk to me in the -eld strain,' she said. ,I \- ,tbonht I had shownsyou that I am not the "i?d..f ?wom .tohb 4.mptad by a fins 'Reotleman lover--tobs tempted now, after I have given my lif-be the' savieg of..weake. \- women. Do you think that I am likely ?o -orget that you are another woman's ho-. Pablisbee by ssee araa,,eaa wss 5e anther net :lid i ;f f'a l_?-it-iiri opinionaiti idiot' 'I did not' ikowr that yo'' were ths: one "womar ipdon tbfe"eirth. who could havemade my life happyi-jwhd might haveliofluenced me for good.4'I ?as hei?maed in and bound round by petty' prejudices, by bigoted belief in birth 'and position.. What are birth and position when weighed againlt' the nobility:of suoh' a nature as yours I saw in you only a beautiful peasant, whom It was my business, as a gentleman,'to seduce. And when I 'saw that your resistaoce was real and earnest, I lost my temper, and fancied myself in love with another woman. It was pique that made me Helen Deverill's lover.' He shuddered as he pronounced his wife's name. , That is all past and done with,' said Madge, gravely. ' I am very sorry that your marriage ended unhappily; .but there is a long life before you yet, 'I hope, and there I most be something for you to do in it.' And now I most see ifter my patients. It is tes time. Shall Imake you a cup of tea?' She went to one of the presses, opened it, and began to take out cups and saucers. and little orookery teapots, sand trays, and plates. Everything was of the cheapest, but'the things had been hbosen for 'their prettiness, and the little treys had a neat and dainty look as those, active hands arranged them, esoh with its spotless linen d'oyles. i ' Yes, please. 'I should relish a cop of cold water from your hand. And my month I is parched and full of dust after my journey. Think of me as the woras of your patients. Have you many in'the honee:? : Every bed is fallexcept one. There is a girl of nineteen is the next room, dying. If you could. hear her story you would know what misery means.' She' was moving to and'fro between 'the press and the fireplace, filling her little tea. pots from the big iron kettle as she talked to him. ' -'I need not wait for that, I know the meaninagof' misery.' . A 'bA, buts not'of such misery as she has suffered, a girlhood that has been one long degradation. Think of what it was for thas girl to awaken to the first consciousness of ife in the midst of such foul'serroundinge as decent lips dare not name; to have been so reared as not to know the meaning of sin till she was' steeped in it,' blackened by it, dying of it. That is her history.' She is whas you' call an interesting ease, I suppose.' '' : S'bbe i one among many. Old and ycurg some here every day,' pleading. for a corner to die in. That is about all we can give yet awhile.' ' ' ' You have done a good deal, I think, In establishing such a refuge.' 'People are so kind- The'poor have helped me as muoh as the rich: Those who have had no money to give bave brought me little presents out of their 'household goods,' at a sacrifice. This iron kettle was brought by a widow who goes out oharing. 'It was a legacy from a butcher's wife whom sabe had served for years. "Is is too good for' me, sister," she said. "Any little tin tea-kettle will do to make my eup of tea." She kissed the kettle before she handed it to me, for love of her dead mistress.'; She set one of the tea trays before him, with a little.plate of bread and butter, such as she had been cutting for her patientse She ' rang a 'bell,i- asond a rwoman of about forty I oame into the room, dressed in a grey merino I gown and a white cap and apron. She looked like a lady, but she was very thin and gaunt., with a pale pinched face and a sad smile. I She locked surprised at finding a stranger seated by the hearth. ' Sister Angela, Mr. Belfield,' said Madge, by way of introduction. ' Mr. Belield is good enough to be intereeteo in our' work, sister.' Angela bowed, but I made no reply. The two women took half a dozen of the little trays between them, and went away to attend to their ,patients; leaving Valentine to, stare into the fire and brood over his past:life; He thought of those eareless days on the river, with boat, and dog. and gun; the sheer idleness of fancy which had led him to Madge Darley's cottage; thebold her beauty' had taken of him, and hi, scornful disbelief it her virtue. And he now came to' this woman in his agony, as the one woman'who could give him help' and: eomfort, whose strong. brave' soul could inspire him with courage to begin, lifet anew. And having come into this hoohesof pait, he feltas if it 'would be best of all to stay here for ever, to be her lasrk, 'her ally; her drudge, only to havet the privilege ?o being near her. H almnost forgot his t aeheme of- distant 'travel, he wasready to grovel at her feet and plead to be allowed to stay with her. S:Bhe was absent for more than an hour: He emptied the tea pot, and looked 'at his watch a dozen simes before she same bact. ' A youn surprised to see me here still,' h6 asked. ' " " "i -; , ' Yees,I thoight you would have gone bask to your hotel."·i This. is .not a place for you,'. i.; . . . ..i .. SI supposenot, yetyou told me if I:were In great distress I might come. to you for shelter. I hoped to find the name of your house was "not ltogeithi a deleion-The 'Forlorn Hope. 1 have- no other hope, Madge. ' ' " 'That caninot be true. Yo, have your mother. 'who adoresyou' ': . 'My mother cannot help me 'to beer my buiden. 'It wouid blast her declining years. bring her in angiuleh to'the 'grave to 'know the nature of my. misery. ,I 'want some strong bosom to lean upon; I.want some heroie soel to Inspire me with courage. bMadge, 'I have some to you-to you, as 'the only 0 woman who can shed a ray of light upon 'this darkened rpirit. "'I. am a viler sinner than any of your lot sheep: :Have pity opon me if you can, Madge, for I am the kind of sinner whom no one pities; I am a murderer ' He clasped her band in both :hi own, and drew.her nearer to him, looking up at her with "despairing eyes, as she stood looking down noon him, epeechlese with honor.. '[ killed my wife.' 'Oh,..odl' : : . 'I had the coofessitOn of her filsehboodin my liasndherr'ow deliberate des'aration that she.had eeased t love mse, and that' she was passionately in love wi'h another man- that she was lesaving me to be his mistress A pleasant tetter for a husband to reld, Madge The ink.was wet, upon the paper.. and oh stood there looking at.me-- beautifol--lfae to the core. ' Istrock her to the graound. I' wasouly one blow, but it killed her.' B' twes' thereading: of that" letter and ber death, there wss'hut an interval of half-a. dozen sacoens. The ink was wet still, and she wau lyiug at my feet looking up at me dead.' ' '" 'It was horrible.' gasped 'Madge, ' an awful, irrepatable calamity-hbut not murder. You did nosmean tokiliber.' ' 'I will not sayas mueb as that. I' think I wantedtto kilL heAtse I would have killed her sedocer had he beeh there--hbt I was sorry theinetstot shle waesdead. The agony of remarse began before that ink was dry ' 'Tou shodln~i ve sonfesaed" the .'truth; youn bhoold have breved all eonsequseeas.' \- I was aaoward and a fool; a got how frail a' thiep she rwas.. She' fell like a lily--a ill white illy mrarpod in- asterm One moment.'tny passion had vented Itelf. and she waedead.' ' And then he weant' on to describe ihsat ghastly buiial of the deiad, in the silence of the -summer night. He dwelt on every detail, showing .bow vividly every. oiroom stance of that ti'malh scene had painted it self onpn his memory. He realled thePe things enbdderiugly, as a man relates a bad' drelm whieh he has dreamed seagalo and again. 'Did no onesuspect you!' - :: ': ': No one h'te found me;out. There is- a man I suespect of being some kind of, ei?i?es dropper and a spy-a man who is on asvisit to her father,,and who psases for a goentle man ' " • ''Yan moust h'bt lore s' hoor i pettiong a)way 'from Eogliada-from Euope --be?yond' the.: radih ,oatf'pdl'it.l il tht be" p?sslble Suspicion once' arouied, desinnion might be. easy, and thep "havisg hiddeneu or alimo, you. might ,:'sem: a delibsat muriiidWerer insletad of thevietim ol n moments palssI.. You mast sail by lbe first shbip that esnerry. you. Go to Liverpool to night by the mail-' 'morning'.. *'imIn no harry.' S, Bot if yoshk esretwere'eione suipeoted, to leaveE'isgaod then would look'like'flight,and oely'conflrin siiepibic.' Go'a 'on~e, while you are freeto go. ' ' ' ' " I have half a mind to stay and take .my chans.' he answered thoughtfully. ,' If you would be kind to me, Madge-if you would let me spend an hour in this room sometiimes hear the sound of your voice, watch your coming in and going out, ' iould ratheratay in London "Shan go to Afelos to look for diamponds and bbot big game. ' I am not the man I was before that night'( Madge." When -when I. had done that deed, my first thought was to save my neck-to hide my crime and go scot free. I thought life would be the same as it had been-the hunting field-the raceourse-the battue-all the' same. I thought I ooold forget. But when the seasons came round again, and' the old sports, and'the old people-my G .d, what a change. All the zest and flavour were gone. I went about as if I was in a dream, only half consolone of my own' existetence or the life round me. Wherever I went, the same haunting thoughts went with me, and a ghost that would not be laid. Oh, Madge,'you are stronger than I-braver, nobler. Pity me if you can, as the strong should pity the weak.' * I do pity you, poor soul, with 'all my hears,' she answered, softly. She beat over him and kleild"his 'burning forehead. For the first time in their lives, her lips touched him inlove; freely given. * God bless you, Madge, for that kiss,' he faltered. ' It sho$rs me that you can pity me, Oh, my love, don't banish me. 'Let me stay near you-always. Let me serve you as a slave serves hid master. Let me get I suit, fustian and corduroy, in Liseon Grove, 'and carry coals and clean windows for you-until 'you have tried me by 'years 'of faithfnl service, if yoa like. God knows I will be patient, In eonsideration of the wretch I am. and theniwhen you have found that there' is some good in me, let me beo your husband, and let us go away together to the end of the world. If there is happiness for me upon this earth it must be found with you. ' She looked at him in silence, with a slow, sad emile, for Some moments before she answered. ' That is 'all a dresam,'Mr. Belfield. a feverish dream bf your poor sick tsol. I have my duty here, whioh-I shall never leave .and you have your duty to yourself, and to your mothei and brother. Think how their lives would be darkened by grief iid 'shame if you were brought 'to soweai for your crime, and made to appear that which you were hat-a deliberate "murderer. For their sake you ought to get away while the coast is clear. ' Bgiu' a new life in' a new country. Find' new duties; as I found' mine when "my life was most desolate; and in doing your duty and saving the soanls of sioners, you may find a full atonement forFyonr own sin. And then the shadows will be' lifted. 'the burden will be lessened, the light:will 'scoe.' 1I cannot live' without you, Madge. I have yearned for you in my misery. Thai kiss has sealed me as your own for ever.' 'If you perist ion saying these 'things, I will never see you" gain. Mr. Belfield. I have done with love, 'and all thoughts of love.'- I have planned out my 'path o life, and mean to'keep to it, And now I must wish you good night, and ask you to leave this house, I have a great deal to do before bedtime.' 'Cannot other people do It .for yoen Cannot you give one evening in your life to my despair- you who do so mush for others ? 'I am the'head of out little organisation, and have to see that all. a don rightly. There are three and twenty poor or ailing girls and women in the house, and'only three sisters besides myself to eeo to them. We are a sisterhood of twenty- wo. I am the only permanent resident. he other twentyone eacha give one day and nhtin every week to thbe work. They come at eight one evening and' go away' at eight on the following evening. It is one day taken from the week of worldly business to-'the work of mercy. We find the plan works better than many resident sisterhoods. The sisters are more Cheerful, better temperedi and in better health ,Their' lives 'are not, monotonoue There ishno weariness;: no piling for ercspe into the outer world.: 'They always bring a bertain amount of freashnee to their work ; and 'It msakes them 'happy: to know that bowever worldly the feet of their lives may be, one day out of seven i I spent SIn doing good.' 'The plan is your invention, I suppose?' ' Yes; it'Is mie.'::: "' S'Clear brain; 'strong heart I Why did I not know'yobr valuefour yeara ago? Well, Madge, you have received mse kindly, and I won't impose upon your kindnses.. Good. night.. I shall come again to.morrow evening ' , ' Think better of it, acid go to Liverpool by the lght mail.' ' Good night,' be repeated, ignoring her advice.' . SGoodnight"' " . ", They clasped hands aadparted." Soarcely had the outer door shut upon him, when she ooveredier face with: her 'hands and, burst into tare. .' " . , : Oh. my love, my slnstained love !' ishe murmured ;'I care for you more in your abasement than I:ever cared for you yet. - would give my life to'lead you bask :to happiness; if I had any hope you oould'ever be happy. .Bet the eurse of blood is on your soul, and what hope can there be for you' on this aide of the grave!':: t(o as coryTmus.) . , 