A BOSTON GHOST STORY. ' The story was told by a doctor about an epocli in his very early career, when ho was collecting bills for a subscription Ijook publication firm, somewhere in the interior of Pennsylvania, and stopped to lodge in a house, where tho only sleeping place that could be provided for liiin was in a room with' a corpse. He had been indiscreet enough in Aifttrniicr lii.c f.n slinw Iiik 1'illi of bills. He heard suspicious move meats about tho house in tho night ; the entrance, of some one by a back door, and a whispered consultation somewhere. Ilis candle had been taken out after lie had got into bed. Presently there was a hoarse whisper from some one in the contre of the room where the corpse was laid out — ' Como here !' His blood froze in his veins. ' Gome here 1' tho whisper repeated. Obeying an irresistible impulse, lie crept, trembling, to the side of the dead. Tho corpse was sitting bold upright upon tho table wliero it had been laid, ' Look out 1' said the corpse, ' they are aftor your money, ami may murder you — they're (apablo of it.' Tho young man took up a post by the window, which couldn't he opened, however. But he stayed there and by-awl-by, when some one crept stealthily into the room, and he heard tho ghastly lunging of a knife into the bedclothes where he had lain, he leaped through the window, and took tho sasli with him as ho went out. As the doctor brgun to toll his story, the wood fire on the hearth, which had been Mazing brightly, dickered and burned law, as if cold, damp blasts had boen Mown over it. When ho described the fasping accent with which the dead ?nan uttered his call, ' Come here 1' tho lire suddenly wedt out, leaving only -1 iifwiiirl flirt 0 11 mgu U1 UIUMIIIS -: Mges of the lighted sticks. A current of cold rain came from some unknown , I quarter just at this moment. Tho 'conditions were favourable' for tho narrative. When it was over there , ivere any number of duestions. . Was tho dead man really alive? Did lie ?i revivo for the moment only, and sink ( Mick into unequivocal death when ho had delivered his warning ? Of courso the doctor who had not remained to A discover the secret of tho thing, could s nut answer those questions. ' 'A lb in, n Sold for £2050. — Messrs. ootheby, Wilkinson, and Hodgo, have Mil at their rooms Wolliugtou- stroot, jjtrand, London, the sale of a valuable library ' belonging to the Earl of Craw ford and Ihiloarros. Tho special feature *as the disposal of old and rare editions of,the Bible. Tho Mazarin Bible more properly called the Gutenberg Biblo, thmearlicst book printed with moveable foetal types, in original oak boards, put at £695 (at which price this P'lrtioular copy was bought at Sotheby's thirty years ago). Aftor a spirited puinpotition, it was knocked down to Qunritoh for £2650. Tho lost Mazarin Bible offered for stile, Sir Mn Thyroid'? copy, fetched jp3,900. 