Latest Telegrams. Intercolonial. . Sydney. Julv 14. ? Tho maniFinney,- tho viotim of the Redforn shooting ouko, failed to appear in support of the chargo of attempted murder profo'rrod against liia eon to-day, and tho caso was postponed until Tuosday. A warrant will bo issued for tho attendance of tho prosecutor. Forged .Cu -notes of tho Union Bank of Aus tralia lire iu circulation. Another great flood has occurred on the Tweed River, which has risen 10 feet, and is still rising. With tho heavy rain ca.no cutting is entirely BUBpended. A rumour is current that a portion of tho Lachlun Swamp, otherwiso Centennial Park, is - to bo devoted to a now vico-rogal rosideuoo to bo called the Centennial Palaoo. About 40 or 50 acres will bo rcsoivod for that purpose, and tho erection nud tlio building of tho now vice regal residenco, will go on simultaneously with that of tho State-house. In accordance with a resolution passed at the Change mooting on tho loth, of July, tho Grand Mnstur cabled to Lord Salisbury as follows: ' Loyal Orango Meeting. Twenty thousand sympathise with you on the Irish question.' Mr. Buchanan, tlio stipendiary magistrate, has been takon suddenly ill, and it ia likely to bo some timo before he will bo able to attend to his magisterial duties. ' ? Tho jury in the Hawkcsbury railway disaster have found that Hawkins's death was caused by jumping or falling from n runaway train, fearing the danger of an accident and know ing that tho tram was beyond tlio control of the driver, and thoy attribute tho accident to a great wunt of supervision on tho part of the railway officials in not carrying out tho. in- structions laid down for thoir guidauoo, thoroby endangering the safoiy of tho railway travelling public. Thoy consider tho driver did nil ho could to stop tho train, and thoy are also of opinion that the cngino was not proporly in spected before it loft Sydnoy, or upon its leaving Hornsby, and they aro further of opinion that tho air couplings und taps on leaving Honisby were not complete, and that tho brake power was not sufficient. Thoy also added a rider' to request tho Government, on behalf of tho public, to appoint a commission to inquire into the management of tho different brnuohesof tho railway department, so' that nn organised and more complete system could be adopted. Sydney, July 15. A cablegram has been'received from Sir Saul Samuel confirming the statement that' the postal authorities iu France would resist the re duction in tho transit charges on mails, on accountof a convention with tho railway aom 'pnnies, but that thoy will again consider the question. Lord Camngton left Sydney last night for Adelaide, on a visit to the Exhibition. Tho Treasurer has given notice to a large number of men on tlio extra staff of tho Cus toms Department thut their services will not be required after tho end of September, tho collection of advolorem duties ceasing at that time. While searching for som3 outward and visible signs of tlio reported ghost tho police at Lud denhnm, near Penrith, came across a quantity of partially burnt human bodies. There are at present 94 houses in Sydnoy ?which contain private bars, 2G of which arc sublet to girls. It is probable tho Licensing Act will bo amended iu order to eope with the growing evil of the private bars sublet to these1 girls. Three weeks wero occupied in the coronial inquiry over the Peat's Berry accident, and 12 ?witnesses wero examined, some throo times, nnd it .is expected tho cost will roach over £1,100. This is said to be tho longest inquoat ever held in Sydney. Tlie report of tho Board of Inquiry appointed by the Commissioner for Railways to investigate tho causes of tho rail way accident has been ready for some timo, but tho department has refrained from ?pub- lishing- it in order that the jury at tho Coroner's Court might bo in no way prejudiced by it. The findings of the board are that tho accident arose from a sudden failuro of brake power. This failure was not owing to either insuffi ciency or nn imperfect condition of the brake appliances, but to an injudicious use of them on the part of tho unfortunate driver, and that tho air reservoirs of tlio carriages hud become ex hausted, in which condition ''the application of tho brake was impossible. There was not timo enough for the driver Wilson to re-charge tlio reservoirs to bring them into use before the accident took place. MEMOUittTE, July In. A collision occurred yesterday morning be tween tho steamers Franklin nud Pharo3 at the mouth of tho Ynrra. The latter was cut down below the wnterlhie and sank speedily. All on board woro rescued. The Franklin pro ceeded up tlio river showing no sigus of damage. In the Assembly yesterday the Postmaster General stated on the authority of Mr. Deakiu that if tho colonies were united they might be uble to obtain a reduction of 5C per cent, in the European cable rates. Andrew Kerr, town surveyor of Warnam bool for about 20 years, committed suicide yes terday by taking strychnine. Adelaide, July 15. The Payment of Members Bill has been read a second time without division. AtJCKLA'SD, July 15. Tho outbreak of disease among the cuttlo in the Wairarapa district has proved to be duo to the animals eating of ergot rye. Six animals have been destroyed. The disease is confined to one paddock, and is not beliovod to bo con tagious. ' ' Hobabt, July 15.. A resolution was passed in the Assembly last, night that a Royal Commission should be np pcinted to inquire into tho causes of typhoid fever and tho best means of cheeking it. 