Tales and Sketches. The Duchess's Marriage. "Flaneur" gives an Actress's Account of a Woman's Thirst for Love. A group of more or less noted people sat in various attitudes of ease and repose around the table of a man who has had many ups and dowus in the world, but who is just now floating high on the wave of prosperity. He got hold of a small railroad charter in Florida, took it to England, and managed to quit the project well ahead in funds. It gave him a start in the stock market and he is making a great deal of money. His family live in admirable fashion on Fifth Avenue, and he is as exemplary and good-natured as most men of the world who are spasmodi cally rich. I have dined with him at his home and at his house. It is a small house, and he took it, fully furnished, on a foreclosed mortgage. He uses it for dinners, suppers, and card parties. Rather risky people are there at times, but the . host gives them full swing until half-past twelve at night, when a big gong is rung, everybody clears out but the man-cook and the butler, and the host stamps j sturdily around the corner to his home. j "Must have ah outing," he says, half j byway of excuse to his friends, "and I , take it here where there are no prying i eyes. I'm like the English footman who, after preserving a preternatural and digni fied silence all day long, went into the sub-cellar at night and yelled like murder for an hour just to balance his over wrought system. This is my sub-cellar. I represent large corporate interests down town, but two or three times a week I shriek like a Comanche up here. Thus I preserve the even tenor of my way. We will now do a bottle of Sazerac just to show that there is no well-founded pre judice against brandy amongst us." It was Sunday night, and there were eight people around the table. We had sat there three hours after the fruit, the men smoking and the two women—an ac tress of unquestionable fame and her mother—drinking Russian tea. The man on my left was talking in a confidential way about a politician whom he had created and then dethroned. " He was untrue to his friends," said my neighbour half savagely, " and we roasted him." " What surprises me," said the mother of the eminent daughter," is that a man who has stood so high could fall so low. He is a drunkard, and beneath the notice of people who are of half-way descent. Only yesterday, I saw him standing with his hat in his hand holding open the car riage door for the Duchess of Mull. His linen was frowsy, his hair unkempt, and his whole appearance repulsive." " Do you know what he did this morn ing ?" asked a quiet old yachtsman, who is the confidential friend of every club man in town. " Shaved, I hope," said the host. " He did something more remarkable ; than that." " What ?" " He married the Duchess of Mull." "Impossible !" " It is true. I stood up with them. The duchess was the happiest woman I I ever saw— God bless her stout heart! The | maid aud I were the only witnesses, and we all cried like school-children. It was j before church time in St. Andrew's." There was a dead silence after the first outburst of absolute amazement as the guests sat bolt upright in their chairs. Everybody was thinking of the beautiful and brilliant duchess and the worthless scamp she had married—a man who had fallen from a position of influence and prominence in state politics to a condition of beggary; who bad swindled his best friends, and sold out on every side to the highest bidder. He had but one friend in the world, and that was the doughty old yachtsman who was staunch and true to the last. But the beggar had married the woman who had been more widely talked about than any other woman in New York in many a year. " She's a fool!" said the host sharply, with a tinge of resentment in his voice, "a silly, maudlin, romantic fool. The world was at her feet." He stopped aud snapped match after match in rapid succession, dropping them mechanically into his finger bowl. No one spoke. They were still thinking of the abrupt climax of the duchess's career. She played the character of Fuchsia Leech, afterward Duchess of Mull, in Ouida's " Moths" once, and the title had clung to her pertinaciously. She came from Boston originally, where she was a belle. She married a very rich mill owner. There was a great row and di vorce. An Englishman of title figured as a co-respondent. So great was the power of the husband's family that the whole matter was hushed up. She went to London. Gossip was set by the ears in a fortnight. The husband made a settle ment on ber of nearly two hundred thou sand dollars and then blew his brains out. She came to New York, after being talked of in London, Paris, Boston, and here, and by the aid of her tact, courage, and indomitable serenity, floated into a re spectible circle of society. But she couldn't hold her place. She drove a pair of thoroughbred bays to a slashing little cart, and was dubbed the best horse woman in New York the first day she rode in the park. Her apartment was draped with evidences of her artistic skill, and she could play the harp as well as drive her bays. She played the Duchess of Mull for a week to show that she could do it, and threw the stage over for good to go yachting. In everything she ex celled ; in everything she was fiery, rest less, and eager till the novelty had worn off, when she flew with the fleetness of a ghost from the suggestion of boredom. Her thirst for novelty was perpetual. One night last winter I was starting down town when her cab went dashing by. She jumped out, sent the man on, and said shortly: " Let's take a walk." "I was just going down to Niblo's Garden." " To see 4 The Black Crook» ?" " To see Ned Gilmore." " FII go, too." We went ahead at a ringing pace. The exercise brought a colour into her cheeks, and she began to talk rapidly about her self. She had been out to dinner, had gone home at nine o'clock, and had sat for an hour trying to compose herself and go to bed. It was useless. At ten, she sallied forth to avoid distraction and hys terical weeping, and now she was going along at a fast clip, with her dinner dress smothered with mountains of furs. We arrived at the theatre in time to go behind and see the working machinery of the big spectacle, and then we wandered up Broadway with Gilmore—a man whom everybody knows, and the most amusing talker in the world. It was a deliciously clear winter night, and the duchess ho noured U3 with no end of personal anec dotes. " Boston men are lovable," she said in conclusion, 44 London men are dangerous, Frenchmen are detestable, but New York men are the very best companions in the world. They never crowd you to the wall, nor presume so much as to squeeze your hand unless the invitation is un questionable." We went to an unfrequented restaurant and talked and ate till quite late. Then we saw the duchess home, and fell to speculating on her future. The astound ing thing about her was that her name was never linked with a man, though there were dozens of men around her con stantly. We predicted many things for her, but never that she would marry an outcast, while still beautiful and less than twenty-four years old. "She's a fool," repeated the host sharply on Sunday night. " I'm amazed at her." " Why ?" asked the actress, looking at him steadily, and twisting her spoon nervously. 44 For following the best im pulse a woman can have ? Haven't wo men who were pursued by men done the same thing from time immemorial ? You have been a soldier in Egypt, a dancer in Rio, and a gambler in Nevada. When I knew you last, you were pottering around with the stage machinery of a London theatre. I was playing soubrette parts. Suppose I'd married you ? My friends would have shuddered, but to-day I might have been above them all—for respecta bility," she said with an abrupt sweep of the arm and a curl of the lip, 44 is in finitely better than everything else in the world. I sometimes wonder if men ever ; look at the women's side of public life as . it really is. Do you know that literally thousands of men have told me how they adored me, during the few years that I have been on the stage." The host nodded softly, and the mother turned towards her child. No one spoke. My neighbour the politician had just stretched his hand out for a decanter, but he stopped, withdrew the hand, and breathed gently. It is not often that a woman whose fame is broad falls into talking frankly about her lovers. 4 4 If men knew auything of women's nature they need never fail. But men are brutal, and they have all the same scheme. When I meet a man, no matter in what quarter of the globe it may be, I know as well what he will do as I know liow the law of gravitation will act. First, he ventures on a clumsy compliment, then sends me flowers, looks at me very hard, makes a few stumbling jokes with double meaning, and finally grabs my hand. If he's an experienced man of the world, he does it all with the air of burlesque which saves his dignity in the face of failure. If not, he goes at it hammer and tongs with the single idea of winning. I had endured all this night and day for years, until one winter in Manchester a sallow and needy young clerk"—. " My dear!" protested the mother, petulantly. 44 Came to me," continued the actress, 44 with some parcels from a shop. He came again and again, and I always had some little service for him as an excuse. I looked into his eyes one day, and my own were blinded with tears, for I saw there something I had never seen in a man's eye before—a pure and unselfish love for me. It carried me away. I counted the minutes till he came the fol lowing day, and I sobbed for hours after he had left. I knew he was absurd, pro vincial, and soft, but there was that charm about him that must appeal to every wo man's heart." Would you have married him, as the Duchess of Mull has done ?" asked the host, insinuatingly. I 44 In an instant!" said the woman, with 1 her head erect and her beautiful eyes 1 blazing from face to face as she looked around. 44 They prevented me by force, but if I had had my way I would have been the best and happiest of wives, and he the proudest of husbands." "God bless you, my dear!" said the host, beaming at her in rapt admiration. " God bless the Duchess of Mull!" said the actress. 4 4 She can look any woman j in the face now." 44 Aye," said the old yachtsman, heartily, 44 she's a good girl, and she has a stout and womanly heart, has Mull." The gong rang with an awful clang, and I drifted out to wire my congratula tions to the new Duke of Mull under co ver to her grace the Duchess. New York, August 26, 1887. Blakely Hail. (In the Argonaut.) Student—" I have been thinking upon the subject of the alarming prevalenee of divorces, and I almost believe I have dis covered the cause." Professor (very de lightedly)—" Yes, yes ; what is it ?" Student—" Marriage!" " My son, .remember that your charac ter ought to shine brighter than your boots." "Suppose I blacken it, then, father.9 