THE PORTFOLIO. "Pearl," who has once before contributed, sends us for this week a pretty idyllic sketch of a holiday jaunt. A PLEASANT REMEMBRANCE. It was Boxing Day, and a lovely sunny evening, and Aunt Emma was eitttng at a window, singing softly to herseli, and knitting, for the cool breeze blowing in tbrougb the window, and the odoar of roses in the garden, seemed to give her life and spirit. On a chair opposite sat her niece Harriet, idly picking roses to pieces and strewing the floor with their pink EetalB. Harriet's thoughts were evidently pleasant ones, for er rosy Ups were parted ia a smile, and her eyes bad a pleased, iar-away look in them. " What are you thinking about, Harriet ?" said Auntie, look- ing np from her work. " I was thinking of last Boxing Day," said Harriet-, "did I ever tell you about it, Auntie." "No ; tell mo now, if you like, dear." Bbe answered, for It was a pleasure to her to listen to ber niece's fresh young voice, and watch her animated lace as she talked. " Well," began Harriet, " Minnie and I were staying at Aunt Maria's place iorour Christmas holidays. There were two girls frem Sydney there, too, besides Willie and Juck Fischer, and we used to have great fun with the Sydney girls, who were terribly alraid of the cows " "Yes; but, my dear, you are not telling me about Boxing Day." said Auntie, smiling. "Oh; I'mooming to it," answered Harriet; "ii you will only have patience, Auntie. " Well, we spent the whole even- ing before miking conjectures as to what we would do on the morrow. When bed-time came we had not arrived at any defi- nite conclusion. Each of us had a different plan. I was np first next morning, and the sight of Uncle's boat down on tbe river, suggested to me the happy idea of going for a boating excursion. I mentioned this at breakfast, and they were ali delighted ; indeed, I felt quite proud of myself that such a happy thought should come Into my sleepy head. We Btarted at ten o'clock, eleven of us, including my cousins. Jack was to row us: he is an expert, you know, Auntie. It was just suoh another day as tule, and ne had a most delightful time. We brought Ashing tackle, as Jack said fish were likely to bite on such a day. The river looked like one mass of bright, silvery ripples, and the fish bit readily. On the right bank there was a very large group of bright green willows, with their branches drooping down into the water beneath. There are numbers of jew lizards among those trees, and one of them dropped into our boat, and, of course, created a panic. Jack caught it by the tail and pretended to put it on to Aggie, but Bhe nearly tainted, bo be threw it into the river ?gain. , " But. Auntie, the scenery along the banks," she continued, impressively; "I could not help wishing that I was an artist, so that I could paint it The boat glided down the stream swiftly, and a bright and changing panorama Beemed flitting before our eyes. On the lett bank there were numbers of wild cherry- trees and a lew while cedars. We passed a group of four or five large cedars on the right bank, whose shade seems to be a lavourlte resort for cuttle on the hot days. The soil atong the banks of the Hunter at this spot is extremely fertile. We went ashore at the ruins of an old house, near Mr B. Hudson's mansion at Hillsborough, and pirtook of some refreshments, fuere had been a garden there, and I got a spray of honey nuokle and have it prcsacd in my scrap-book yet. We spent an hour wandering about among the trees and bushes, and then on »gain as far as Gosforth, which is a very pretty place. There arc Bomo large vineyards there, and as we were passing them ona ol the grape-cutters who had teen our longing glances at the grapes, kindly brought us a bucketful. Ue was very wel- come. I oun assure you, Auntie. We went down as far as Me l'ubllo school, where we saw the teacher rowing the Rosebrook children across the river irvm school. Ile told us that it was four o'clock, so wo turned our faoes homeward. It took a long time to row up the river again, and the sun «hone lull In our faces. We were about a mile from home when it began to grow dark, and presently silver Luna rose from behind the bille, and threw her beams over the river. Our Sydney friends thought they saw ghosts moving about, and were glad when home was reached. We had our provision basket lull of ash. Wo were soon in bed, and I dreamt that I had bren with Long- fellow nil day, and he was writing poetry while I song it. 