The Wine That Conqner’s Care. Kay, frown not, fairest 1 Chide no more, Nor blame the blushing wine ; Its fiery lips are ionooent When thrills the poise with thine. Go, leave the goblet in my hand, But veil thy glances bright, Lest wine and beauty mingling here, Should wreck bouI to-night. Then, dearest, to the anoient vine, In sculptured beauty rare, Bow down thy red, arched lip and quaff The wine that conquers oare; And breathe upon the glowing oup, Till thuB its perfumes be Sweet as the soent of the orange groves Upon some tropio sea. Then while the fingers idly stray In dalliance o’er the lyre, Sing to me love, some rare old song That gushed from heart of fire— Song suoh as Greoian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, And Persia’s glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon, Sing till the shouts of armed men Bing bravely out once more 1 Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shine on the moonlit shore I Bid from their melancholy graves The buried hopes to start, I knew ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of the pastl My sonl shall follow thee— Its boundless depths are echoing Thy glorious minstrelsy; And as the Bweet vibrations hang Unfettered on the air. I'll drink, thy white arms round me, love, The wine that conquers care; A Great Traffic in Fowls-—Speaking of the immense number of fowls received weekly at Marseilles, France, a London journal says: The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vans of the ordinary size, but specially constructed for this traffic. The sides are of lattice-work, and internally the van iB divided into nine tiers, or shelves. On eaoh tier there are twelve cages, and eaoh cage is calculated to contain thirty birds. In this way the prodigious number of. three thousand,two hundred and fifty fowls is con veyed in a single waggon. The oages are provided with tins for water on one Bide and for corn on the other, and there is a door in each through which any fowl that is injured or sickly can be at once removed. The birds are said not to suffer at all to deteriorate on their journey, though they come from Milan or even from Venice, and in many cases are Bent through direot as far as the Spanish frontier. We often thank Heaven that we a>e not as the Italians in the matter of the treatment of animals (and no doubt as a rule we do so with justice), but if the Irish poultry consigned to the markets of London or Glasgow could eee the arrangemeuts that are made for the accomodation of their Italian brethren, they would surely pray to be delivered from the careless kindhearted ness of the English, and handed over to the calculating mercies of the Italian. BeggarsSupported by Gamblers-—Per haps the gamblers are the best support of beggars. If yon know where a poker game or a faro bank is located—of course you don’t; you never saw anything of that kind, and I know , will be quite a surprise to you to learn that they exist, if, indeed, you know what they are—you’ll always .find beggars and loafers around. Gamblers are superstitious, and they will not upon any consideration pass a beggar by without giving him a small contribution. It would be bad luck. PerhapB there's a trifle of conscience about it, and they have, after all, a sense of some power above them to be ap peased by their helping the needy. A gambler will borrow to give to a beggar. I have known actors imbued with the same Bentiment. I only knew one dramatist who owned the superstition. Ho had a play com ing out, and the night it was to be produced, just before the eurtain went up, a beggar taokled him. He gave him a penny. There,” said he, “ that's good luok. My play will be a go.” It wsb a terrifia failure. “ I wish I’d given him a florin I ” he said. The superstition was all right. The amount hadn't been enough to appease the goddess Fortune. His Costumes-—Biohard Wagner gener ally received his visitors in medieval coBtumes such as he always wore when composing. Alexandre Dumas, calling on him one day, was highly amused at the masquerade. “ You are all dresBed up to play 1 Gesalsr,’ eh ?” said Dumas, with his good-natured laugh, which rather hurt the feelings of the author of “ Tannhauser,” who nevertheless returned M. Dumas' visit when next he went to Paris. Alter same delay M. Dumas appeared at last, arrayed in a magnificent dressing-gown with large flower pattern, a helmet with flying plumes, a life-bolt round his waist, and ->nnrpjiou8j;iding boots. ^ ray.-oprking COStumt£~”l‘bah do nothing without being dressed in this meaner. \- Hall of my ideas live in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my boots, whioh are indispensable to me when I write my love scenes." Moral Courage-—There is a brave man in Kentucky. Tne State is noted for the bravery of her bods and the beauty of her daughters; but the man we speak of haB a kind of courage whioh is rare everywhere and at all times. His name is John S. Bhea. On the stomp recently, Mr. Bhea descanted with freedom upon another speaker, who replied by a ohallengc to mortal oombat. Bhea de clined to fight for four reasons: 1. He did not believe in duelling. 2. It was against the law. 3. There wbb some one dependent upon him to whom he owed protection. 4. His acceptance of a challenge would exclude him from the praotice of his profession in Ken tucky. These are arguments whioh his op ponents will find it difficult to answer. At the same time, speakers who do not believe in duelling are practically bound to treat their opponents with the most scrnpnlouB personal respect. A feeble but facetious applicant for em ployment in Brisbane called upon the Blder man from his ward, the other day, and press ing his claims to consideration upon the ground of service rendered npon election, urged the alderman to seonre him a place. “ Why, my dear fellow, you are too siok to work. I would gladly do anything I could for you, but it is out of the question ; there iB no one of the departments ;that would tit your case.” " Isn’t there? Wliat’s the matter with the Health Department ? ” - Female students are numerous in Paris (most of them Bussians), and generally; poor, so they club together and put their resources into a common fund. One room is used as a dormitory, anotbe'r as a study, etc., and a sin Hie nook flops to* «n. 