it A South Australian Ghost Story. i. " a mysterious ghost story " has been figuring I in the Adelaide newspapers lately. The scene was i laid in the house of a farmer named Hamdorff, living with bis wife and family at Yanyarrie, on t the baoks of the Boolcunda Creek. The inmates -< were disturbed at odd hours of the night by lin- £ accountable knocking, which seemed to be always -v somewhere near one of their little girls. If she lay down in bed it began on the wall, and when \- she sat on her little box the knocking always seemed to come from within, though the box was, of course,- too small to hold a full- sized spirit standing erect, Mr.; and Mrs. Hamdorff took the girl. with them to Quorn to see whether thekuock- ' - ing would follow, and left two boys in charge of i the house. The local policeman, Constable Shegoer, from a chivalrous sense of duty, under- j took to investigate the mystery, and, if possible, t ariest the perturbed spirit. A strong party was ; formed, and tbe house occupied. At 9 p.m., the > light having been blown out, knocking was heard e on thp wall. Two investigators went outside and searched, while the others stayed within doors. They could see nothing, though the knocking went ; on until, in reply to a request to knock louder, the : building was perceptibly shaken. The perform- 1 auce lasted for an hour, after which everybody went to bed, but as the reporter gravely and feel- 3 ingly observes, not to sleep. Quietness prevailed until 2 a.m., when tbe knocking was resumed \- The building was examined carefully inside out, but no traces of the " supernatural visitant ' could be found, though he waB busy until 3 a.m. In daylight, it was whispered about that a shep herd was drowned in a waterhole near by some years ago, and that a strange form had been ob served at night riding after horses. Here were all the elements of a thrilling sensation, The Ham- dorffs vowed they would not return to their house, but move to a new locality. However, they did return, and Constable Shegog resumed his inqui ries in their presence. There was one suspicious circumstance. Knocking was never heard until the lights had been put out, and this seems to have suggested to the wary constable that trickery was at work. So he preceeded with his inquiries in a new way, and was rewarded with success The story, we regret to say, has a common -place ending. The knocking on the box was done by the little girl with her hands and feet, and the knock ing on the wall by one of tbe boys, who pulled a string attached to a weight. The object of tbe Hamdorffs iu planning this little mystification has yet to be explained. Perhaps they intend starting business as spirit and ghost makers. The child ren, if they continue as they have beguD, may de velop into first- class mediums, or something worse. They are receiving lessons which have a daugerous tendency. 