A TRUE GHOST STORY. The following is a ghost story with much more foundation in fact than such yarns usually possess: On the road, leading from Egremont, Mass., U.S.A. to Mt: Everett, is a house which was once the house of a sea captain who wasmurder ed "by the. insubordinate crew of his ship. After that event, on stormy nights, his wife and daughter used to be disturbed by sounds of creaking cordage, flapping sails, clanking chains, and other nautical sounds which seemed to come from the garret. Above all the rest of the noise and turmoil, whoever was down stairs could hear angry voices, groans and cries for help. A great many people used to gather m the house on stormy nights to hear the unaccountable and alanmm; racket in the garret, but no one ever hao. enough courage to open the garret door and try and solve tne mystery on such occasions. At length the widow and her daughter abandoned the house, the windows and the doors of which were then boarded up. All of this took place fifty years ago, and but few who have seen the ruined bouse know its singular history. A few days ago a Mrs. Melius, a grand-daughter of the old captain, living m Lowell, rceived a letter from a sailor from a South American port, who says that he was on the ship with her grandfather on the night of the murder. He says that the captain wanted him to go to Egremont and tell his wife and daughter than he had been murdered, and that enough money was buried in one corner of the cellar to keep them in comfort all the rest of their lives. The sailor went to Egremont as he had promised, but resolved to have the. money for himself By an ingenious arrangement of chains and other available material he originated and kept up the supposed supernaturaltiimult which had driven the captain's widow and her daughter from their home. He then made a successful search in the cellar for the money, which he took with him to Peru. Remorse and the probability of immediate death induced him to write this letter of explanation to Mrs, Melius. If you are sick, take American Co.'s Hop Bitters. If you are sick Hop Bitters will-Burely aid Nature in making you well when all else fails." Do not suffer or let your friends suffer but use and urge them to use American Hop Bitters. That poor, bedridden, invalid wife, sister, mother, or daughter, can be made the picture of health, by American Co's Hop Bitters, costing but a trifle. Will you let tlipm suffer? If you are costive or dyspeptic, or are suffering from any other of the numerous disea ;es of the stomach or bowels, it is your own fault if you remain ill, for Hop Bitters is a sovereign remedy in all such complaints. 