Queer Queries. ' Can seeing which way the wind blows be . called vane looks i i Would it be quite correct to call a greed; man a ghost because you saw him a -goblin ! , Can you be said to be over head and ears in debt because you haven't paid your hat ter? j Is it really right to assume that neat spirits ; frequently drive people into untidy habits 1 I Dp you know that, althongh a shoe maker , finishes his shoe at the beginning, he always ' begins at tne last! Is a yjv^d-grocer properly described when you call him a ' confiding tradesman 1' ' dan an old maid's boots be properly called mis(s)understanding8 ! What kind of tracing-paper does a man use when retracing his steps ! A celebrated philosopher uBed to say ' The favors of fortune are like steep rocks — only eagles and creeping things mount to the summit.' Said ' an old friend : 'I don't like a man who is intimate on short acquaintance, be cause he. is almost sure to be 'short ' on in timate acquaintance. ' Gentlemen of the jury,' said a lawyer, ' would you set a rat-trap to catch a bear, or make fools of yourselves by trying to spear a whale with a knitting-needle ? I know you would not.'' Then how can1 yon be guilty of the absurdity oi convicting my client of -man- slaughter for taking the life of a woman V This prisoner was acquitted. On Girls. — This u a boy'e composition on girls. He says, 'Girls are the only folk* that has. their own way every time. Girls is of several thousand kinds, and sometimes one girl can be like several thousand girls if she wants to do anything. This is all I know about girls, and father says the less I know about them the be tier off I am.' 'And how is your husbuid to-day, Mrs. Oarmichael ?' queried the minister on his rounds of the wife of one of his parishioners. ' Well, puir Jack, he's no sae weel the day. Ye see, he's a tayribple martyr to delirium trimmins.' Rhnrf.lv Hp.fnrp hio ripnf.h Vuiintr viaifoi^ l^v — *»jv*.'»jl -.-~»«m '? ?? ? wmvu, v^u*g IIUI^U »#J a clergyman whose features as well as language were more lugubrious than con soling, Hood looked np at him compassion ately, and said : ' My dear sir, I'm afraid your religion dosen't agree with yon.' A Definition ? 'What is a masked ball J' asked, a good-looking lady. ' A charitable institution for ladies of plain features,' was the reply.— SJatUradaUeh. Wsinklb fob TBS BLIKB.— A blind man sits in the corner of a doorway, and when he hears the light footstep of a lady he takes off his hat and bows his head, covered with the snows of seventy winters, saying — 'Ohl madame, take pity on a poor blind man who is deprived of the pleasure of seeing you 1' That fetches them.— Ze Masque de Eer. A Compassionate Soul. — Fran Von X ? : 'A poor beggar woman called on, me to-day .... she looked the very picture of misery 1' Fran Von Z ? : ' Of course you gave her some assistance f' Fran Von X ? : ' Yes, poor thine ; I gave her .... a volume of my lyrical poems to comfort her in her misfortune.'— Die Wet 