„ SABINA ZEMBRA. a novel. BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of Macleod op Dake," " A Princess of Tfiule," Ac. (The right of translation is Reserved.) u I should be a contiuued drag on you and you have plenty to do. Besides, I bavo grown familiar with this placo ; I can get 'about a little even when Jamie isut by. Of course I shall have to be in London for a brief time. Wo shall meet then. Iu the wiwuvvuiie, mil, my lau, uon t lane qdoug your going, there's a good fellow. X don't want even to thiuk of it — until it's over." If these days, then, were now numbered, at least they were halcyon days. The visi tors had not committed the usual mistake of English folk in going to Scotland just at the very worst time or the year for weather. And how quickly the time' passed I In the morning, after breakfast, they all went out side, for the mignonette was sweet in the, soft June air ; and if Janic and Philip gene rally strolled oil by themselves Sabina had found out for herself a warm bank &C; the southern edge of the lawn, where it was pleasant to sit. Thither she brought Lind say's chair and the daily batch oi newspa pers, and she could make a shrewd guess as to what interested him most when she began to read — not the squabbling of synods and presbyteries and not the sham objurgation of party politics, but rather the reports from the salmon rivers and accounts of any new picture- exhibition iu London. Then the waggonette would come round to the door ; the stragglers would be summoned to get ready : and presently they would be driving away along the coast, or up and over the wild moorland country, until, at midday, they sought out some shel- i tercd spot for opening the luncbcou- baslcet. The afternoon Mr. Phillip usually devoted I to desperate attempts at acquiring the art , of lly-tiahing — from a boat on a small lock . bard by. Sometimes the other, aeuorapanicd liim ; and it was very little the f.vo women knew of the imminent peril they were in | from tile erratic east of Uios. especially when | there was a bit of a breeze on behind the fisherman. Lindsay, of course, could not see ; and the saturnine Jamie, sitting at the | oars, merely sniggered to liiniseif and said j nothing ; but nevertheless Mr. Phillip lloeei'd away with hi. variegated cast of Zulu, Blue Dun and Coch-y- bondu ; and if he sometimes caught up his own clothes, or occasionally lodged the Coch-y-bondu in the gunwale' of the boat behind hitu, these were but trifling mishaps ; and eventually his patience and rcsilutiou were on most "occasions rewarded by the cap ture of a few innocent small things attracted by the passage of the drop-tly across the , surface. Then home to dinner ; after which , there were smoking, and chatting aud music, j Sometimes 011 those warin-sccntcd June nights tlicy opened the 1'ionch windows I and wont abroad in the stillness, for there 1 was moonlight now : and it was strange to j hear, in the silence, the occasional softtnew- ; ing ot some distant sea- gull or the whistie j of" n curlew down by the shore. j On the last, night of all these nights j Phillip proposed that Uicy should walk up ! to the old tower to have a last look at . the coast and the silvered sea. All ; this evening Lindsay had been silent, and j pre-oec'upied : Sahina had tried her best 10 j ehccr hiiu, but without avail ; no one had dared i to speak of the departure on the morrow ; ! and Indeed the restraint on all of them was only too obviou-. So thii proposal was raiiier gladly aeeepte.l, and when they wen:, out into the hushed night Junie and her husband led the way, as was their wont, and Sabina followed with Liudsay, her hand just havering nwar bis arm. It was a beautiful night, ami the further they climbed the .itccp uscent the more they could see uf the still, moonlit wet or and the successive grey promontories running out away to the south. There was not a sound : even the scabirds were silent now, and the whispering of the ripples -along the shore was too i'amt to reach them here, Aiul | fittbina had ceased to try to entertain him ; I her own heart was not over light : perhaps I she felt there was much to sxty that she could not say. When they reached the tower — which was part of t he ruins of a stronghold built by I the Itobcrt Lindsay who fell at Ottcnbcrg — j they found that Philip and Janic had gone | inside and were trying to make their way up j to the top. Sabina did not choose to follow | tlicin ; she seated herself on one of the big 1 stones lying all about ; and Lindsay re- j uiatneu standing by her side — his fingers ; just touching her dies:; near the shoulder, that lie should know site was there. For some little while there was silence:; then site said (.recurring to her duties for the i last time): — " I don't think 1 ever saw the sea so still. And there is a small steamer right in the way of the moonlight — jet black it is — it is so strange to see it slowly crossing that wide silver pathway. Where will it be going.' Over to Ireland V lie paid no heed to her question ; it was not of the .sea he was thinking. " So you are really going away to morrow " he said, in rather a low voice. " ircs." she answered simply, "and I have no heart in going." Then, with an effort, she gathered courage to sav what she wished to say. " You must not imagine that I iro willingly. I think I have buen of some little service fo you. 1 think you like me to be with you/ Aud 1 would like to stay i: 1 could. You did not i'or.snke me — in my time of trouble. It I am going, 1 have no heart in truing ; believe that." The band that was so near her touched her; it was trembling- a little. " Sabiim, you almost make me speak when I had determined to keep silent — aud if 1 could " Rut here he paused fou a second. " No, not yet ; not as I am now ; 1 1 cannot. But perhaps hereafter — it may be different ; I mu-t wait-— and then— if it is dillercnL — I will come to you." She could not fail to understand. " You do not trust me," she said. " Do you think that would make any difference to me » " He bent down a little ; perhaps it was to listen for the least sound of her voice. It was n habit he had got inte since his eye sight had 1c t him. "Sabina, If the worst were to happen, would you still have pity on me?" For "answer she took the hand that was hovering over her shoulder and held it iu both of hers anil kissed it. u My best and dearest friend," she said, and there was even a touch of pr de in her simple solf-surrendcr, " I wish to be with vou always ; but if that were to happen — then more than ever." CHAPTER LII-— At a Picture Show. Walter Lindsay neither let nor sold his town house and studio. On all sides he was informed that the most skilful oculists in the world were to be found in London ; and wlicn the time was drawing nigh for the operation for cataract to be performed he repaired thither. Nor did Janic and Philip and Sabiua leave him much chance of sink ing into a nervous apprehension aud gloom. Nearly every evening they went round to his studio : "for Sabiua was staying with these good friends just thou, aud Lindsay aud they were near neighbors. Sometimes Sabiua took to him, or scut him, flowers. It was a fair exchange. 0 ilinna yu miii'l. !uve Gregory, Y/beu\vc sate ut the wine, How uo clMiiL'tiJ t/bc uuj'kins frae our necks ? It's no sue lung siusyuc. In her time of trouble he had shown her a kindness that she treasured in her inmost heart; and now it was her turn, in a smaller but in no unwilling way, to pay him all kinds of little attentions and scud him daily remembrances. They were not undervalued bv the recipient of tucm. " During the week of suspense that followed the operation, Janic was terribly anxious ; tiabiua much less so. Indeed, her apparent or schooled indifference not only surprised Janie, but pained her; ami sue ventured to remonstrate. "Even if the worst should happen," Sabiua said, calmly, ' I am quite prepared for it ; it will not be so very dreadful." " Sabie I have you no regard for his fame as a painter '? " " 1 have a greater regard for Ills love," was the answer (these two being alone together at the time;. « What do you mean, Sable? Would you rather have him always dependent on you — is that what you mean? It can't be that vou imagine/ If he were to recover Iris eye sight, he would care for you any the less, when you know quite well that never in all your life were you looking so pretty as you are now—that can't be it ?" " Jnnie, don't talk as if my interests should be thought of at all," Sabiua answered.! » Of <x>" !-», if Walter gets back his siirht. j that will be a joyful day for all of us. But j if it isn't to be — well, we will do what we j can to make his life pleasant for him ; and I for one am not going to be downcast, even at the worst." But slie was hardly under such good con trol on the momentous day when the exami nation was to be made. .She aud Philip and Janie were all in the house ; the doctor was in the room upstairs. It had been hinted to them that, as far as it was possible for medi cal skill to judge, there was every reason to believe that the operation would prove to have been successful ; but notwithstanding that, Junie was very visibly agitated, and Sabiua, though holding herself in restraint, seemed to be listening intently, as if for some footfall on the stair, and she started at the smallest sound. Janic, indeed, could not keep still. She went fivim one place to another. Not a word was spoken by any of them. At last she left the room, and crept noiselessly up the staircase, and hung about the landing. She could hear tkem speaking within ; surely those voices were cheerful enough Suddenly the door was opened. "Good-bve for the present!11 (i \ ou'll tell them, doctor "Oh, yes; they're waiting below— they won't have left, depend on it." Then he shut the door ; and the next mo ment was confronted iu the dusk by this poor, timorous, apprehensive, speechless ghost. " Oh, it's all right," said he. " Very satis factory indeed." Janic flew down the steps — how, she could never afterwards understand — and rushed into the room. ' Sabie ! Sabie !" And then her arms were round her friend's neck, and she was kissing her on one cheek, and the other cheek again, and again, and again. It was all the message she could deliver — but it was understood between those two. A long time after that — last June, indeed — it was announced that on a certain day there would be opened in Bond-street an exhibition of Water-color drawings and sketches, chiefly of the River Shannon ; and on the previous Saturday there was a private view, at which a large number of the artist's friends were assembled. It was a goodly display, considering that most of the scries had been produced within IS months, though some of the drawings were of an earlier date. It was one of those other ones that seemed to have caught the fancy of a noble and a gsacions lady who would insist on Lindsay going round the room with her; ami so profuse were her praises that, in order to get away from them, he said : \ " Yes, I like that one myself ; for it was jusr. underneath those trees that I caught a 28ib. salmon." " Really now !" said thi« good lady. "How very interesting. Twenty-eight pounds — that must have been a large iish. What did yon do with it." " 1 scut it to Sabina Zcmbra." Mabina Zembra V' she said, inquiringly. i; Who is that 1" " Don't you know ? There she is — over in that corner — talking to the little old gentle man with the ear- trumpet." .--aid Lindsay, looking towards a tall young woman in a dress of silver-grey plush, with a beefeaters hat of the same material, and with one deep erinr. ui rose at her breesr. il'.it that is your wife !" said this noble person, pecrimr through her eye-glasses. MAh, I sec — that was her name, was it.' What a very extraordinary present to send a ; young !udv " What else could I send her — from the Ai t Lis moment Janie came along. " It's all light." sli'j said, iu an undertone ; " Phil has been down to >ome place in J'icc.i- i dilly and got r: room where we shall be by ourselves. Sabie ami I will follow when ever we see Vuti going to the door. And; Phil is waiting outside." The consequence of this manauivre was that, a few minutes thereafter, these four wcro seated at lunch iu a private room of a well-known restaurant : and they seemed rather giud of this respite from their public dutic?. "When I hrst thought ot having au exhi bition of this kind," Lindsay said, "my wildest hope was that that young woman there would condescend to come to the private view. J little expected to see her mistress of the show." I assure you that it is rc-markably nice," Sabiua wai-.k "You've no idcn wha: priitty tilings have been said to mo this morning. And do you thiuk 1 was going to make auy protest That wouldn't have been business like. I felt far more inclined to say : — Good gentleman, or pretty ladv, your opinion U quite correct ; and will 'you buy " "You mercenary wretch! However, we've little cause to complain on that score ; and 1 mean to make our holiday this year a tlu oughgciing one. I suppose you have got everything ready for Monday morning, Philip — reals and nets and everything. " Yes, I mini: so." ' Oh," continued Lindsay, ' I hoard r. pretty story about you the last time L had to run down to Wigtoushire. The boy Jamie savs that when you were fishing irom the bout you were continually catching up on the gunwale behind you. Now. 1:m.v did you manage that You must have doubled the flies right behind. And do you kb-m you were whisking them past people's faces " Gai: the b 'V Jamie use a rod himself.'" ; Mr. MiUip .1. ; " Oh, yes. Jamie can throw a fly." j " Tin.'U, perhaps i: won id have been better for the young ruffian to have given me some advice instead of treasuring up a tale about it." "Never mind, we'll show you how to lift your line behind you when we're all back in Galloway again. Yc«s and there's seme nobler sport for you, my lad, when we go on to Cromarty : wait lid you find yoursoif fighting a thiriy-puundcr — than Janic will luVe to be by to give a scream when you bring hiui to bank."' Coffee and cigars were brought in, but the little party could not idle here much t longer ; the artist had to go bad: to receive j his patrons and frhmds. as they were going | dowu stairs he said ; — j "Look here, Mr. Phi!, I reckon I shall see i you to-morrow s >uie time or other; but if I don't, mind you come a bit early on Monday morning. Huston Station, that's the wat' lr.vord ; and then — ' Take your seats for the North !' " It only remains to be added that Sir Anthony Zeuibra. who lias at length hud the honor of office conferred on hiui, came to the show that afternoon and was vastly com plimentary. At the dinner tables which he udorbs with his handsome presence, he is quite fond of talking of his son-in-law ; and at tile last banquet of the Royal Academy, on being called on to answer for the IIou.se of Commons, he mudn pointed reference to his own personal and immediate association with art. TI22 END. 