THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. ' I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream.' £? W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of *he€rxoBvenor,' *' A Saflort Sweetheart,' &c; IPuMiehed by special arrangement with the author. An rights reserred.1 Chapter XXXVX— The Schoomer is Spoken. The wind was what a sailor would term a topgallant breeze, with weight enough in it to single reef the topsails for a pru dent skipper ; and under the wide spread of cloths which Hiram's alarm had flung upon his vessel the schooner was driving along like a racehorse at a finish. The long dark green surges came rolling and melting to her in steady processions, with a leaning of sunbeams 'twist the clouds from one dazzle of snow line to another, and it was absolutely shark-like, the lean of the black, wet, shining aides of the Golden Hope into the troughs, then the flying emergence and the hissing and rending sounds at the cutwater and the heel over into the smothering spume lashed up by the wrath and power of her passage, and the dull lustre of her copper to windward, gleaming sickly through the glimmering green drainings of the baffled and retreating surge— for all the world like the malignant hue of the sea. monster's belly as it turns with top fin down to seize its prey. Agatha bad seated herself on the low skylight whilst Fortescue talked with the captain, and there she remained watching the men making sail and looking around her, donbtful, timid, wondering at first, startled by Hiram's excited orders and the hoarse and roaring 'Cheerly, men!' choniB at the halliards and wherever a pull was taken, and by the rushing noises of the passing waters on either hand, and the faint thunder of pouring billows and the screaming and wailing as of a thousand fifes and bagpipes in the rigging, till the whole spirit of the thing coming into her, mainly as one might suspect through the buoyant! leapings and floating rushings and shoot' ings of the hull, and the increased speed of it, she sprang to her feet with a bril liant flush In her cheeks and the light of the sudden gladness and deep excitement of her heart in her eyes, and with amaz ing grace and nlmblenesB leapt on to the bulwark rail, and there stood with her arm round a backstay gazing pub to sea away on the weather bow, her dress Tattling like a flag, her hair blowing In board—for the whole mass of it lay onhes back again— her figure leaning veil away, and an air of triumph on her face thafr was like the radiance of mirth without expression of laughter. The men, busy about the deck coiling up and the like»'Btared and stood paralysed by the girl's sudden action, which they supposed would be Instantly followed by a leap overboard. All along doubtful of her mental state, they now supposed her really mad, and for a breath the fellows' presence of mind went clean out of them as they stood gaping at her figure and the wild mysterious appearance she presented with her eager shining eyes, and wingnlar exultant expression and straining atti tude, such as you might Imagine in a winged woman gathering herself together for the upward launch. Yet for all that one loud cry followed quickly Agatha's bound pn to the bul warks, and Fortescue had clasped her waist .with an arm of steel, whilst Hiram and some others were only starting to run for her. ' My God, Agatha — my darling — come down 2 I feared you meant to jump over board !' he cried, almost breathless with hia first .dread. She looked at Mm as if she would ap peal, remonstrate a little ; but [at sight of his face she at once put her hand on his shoulder and jumped on to the deck. ' Have I done wrong?1 she said, inspect ing him with a kind of tearful earnestness that quenched the sparkling in her eyes and made them so like what they were when at Wyloe some speech of his would deepen yet tie exceeding tenderness of her mood, tout the mockery of her unknowing regard must have created a pain beyond endurance in him at any moment of less agitation than this. 'Yes,' he answered trembling vio lently, and feeling his hand cold as ice upon hers that he grasped. ' ' You should not do such things, darling. If you had fallen- ? ' She followed his glance to the foam to leeward that resembled the boning at the foot of some great cataract. ' I did not know what you Intended ? ' he again broke off and led her to a chair, in which she seated herself. 'I like this rtirflKng racing movement,' she eald speaking softly, almost amusingly ; ' it fills me with excitement, and it soothes me too. On the island I could not bear to be still. If I rested long I would feel an oppression,' vaguely indicating her head by a gesture, ' and it left me when I walked or ran. Is not this motion glorious T1 she cried with light coming into her eyes afresh. ' Oh, It la a delicious change after the restfulness of the Island and the ceaseless tiresome cry* Ing of the surf.' Yon could see by her manner that she wished to explain fully the relief the sen sation of bounding and of swift; move* ment gave to her head ; bat there was a sort of wandering in her, a weakness when thought strove to be deliberate that was' past her control. ' Agatha,' he said, with the desperately rapid pulsations of his heart slowly calming, ' you must promise me never to jump on to these bulwarks again — never to place yourself in a situation of danger,' ' Oh, yes, I will promise.' ' X0™ 2?ve me» Aga*aa--it is God's will you should not know It— and my love foe you, my precious one, is as yours is for me; and this will be revealed to you when it pleases our Heavenly Father to illumine the darkness that has fallen upon you. It will come— it will come ! and as you are priceless to me, then, for my sake, though you know me now but as Mr. fortescue, you will always hereafter be heedful, sever acting so as to cause me fear— for Agatha, my Agatha! if any harm should befall yon now that I have you after having believed you losb to me for ever, it would break my heart— it woiujdkiflBier She listened to him with an air of ab sorbed attention. When he ceaSed, power less to go beyond his final assurance, she smoothed Mb hand. ' You still tremble and are cold. I did not know I should frighten you. I would not do so. If I had your permission I would climb up there,' pointing to the masts, ' for those sails would feel like wings to me. I will never again act so as to frighten you. Indeed, indeed, I promise that, Mr. Fortescue.' A troubled look came over her beauty, dimming the flash hi her cheeks as the movement of ah* dulls the sunset glow upon the water. She ? sighed, and still caressing his hand and speaking with her eyes fixed on it, she exclaimed, ' Did you not say I was to be your wife?' . ' That you were to be and will be.' She was silent for a little, then slowly lifting her eyes to his face, looked at him piercingly with a slow gathering of -misery in their depths — 'Oh!' she exclaimed, in a voice that to one too far off to catch her words must have sounded like a cry of pain, 'I cannot understand. I cannot under stand.' He stooped to her and answered, 'It will come ! My Agatha, we must both be patient. It will come. Hush, my own. We will not speak of these things now. No more dull pain must weigh upon my darling's forehead. Put your hand into arm— so.' She rose and they walked to the schooner's quarter, where stood Hiram and Stone watching the vessel that the shift of the Golden Hope's helm and her course had brought dead on end astern. It was lamentable to see how light was all impression upon her, how fugitive her emotion. She released Fortescue's arm to put her hands upon the rail and look over tiie side ; and by the triumph and dance of light in her eyes, and her smile, her lover saw that what had just passed between them was gone from her, and that it was the sailing of the schooner, the foam that rolled in dazzling masses from her bow, the steady swing of the surge, and the liquid heave of the hull, and the shouting between the masts the girl's thoughts were full of. Plenty of notice would at any other time have been given to her by the crew, who reckoned her crazy and fearsome in other ways, for Joe TT^H had carried forward all the news about her sleep walking, though the men had had no time to talk the thing over; but their attention was fixed on the steamer astern. They stood all together near the weather forerigghig, speculating upon the vessel's nationality, and most of them as alarmed as Hiram himself. ' I 'epose the skipper understands what he's about,' said the cook.' 'He's bin long enough at sea to know what o'clock it is. You may reckon, lads, that something Invisible to us has taken his heye or he'd never sweat th' old hooker hi this fashion.' 'Well, it'll be a pretty bloomin' look out for us if so be she tarns out an enemy,' exclaimed Breeches. 'He's bound to- have us. His manoover's quite plain. He's stealing to loo'ard and means to jam us with his bloomin' machinery. Well, if there's war and she's a henemy, it's good night. I've heard what furrin jails is like and the black bread they feed ye on, an' any man who's got a. wife had better make up his mind to* start a new home when he comes out, for starvation '11 have given him another face, I allow. His Mends won't know him, and any boots he may have left ashore he'll find filled up with another man's feet. I'm aweer of what I'm talkin' about. There was Billy Smithers. He wor captured out of a Hindieman somewhere up here. When he was liberated be found bis wife had been twice married since him, and the chap as was then coortin' her broke Billy's head as an impostor.' He sent a gloomy look over the taffrail, and folded his armB with a stare at the cook's pale face. Johnny, the boy, began to blubber. 'For this here schooner to be taken and us men made prisoners of '11 be a pleajsin' tarmination of the woyage, sartinly,' said Goldsmith, in a growling Ironical voice, and savagely burying his hands hi his pockets. 'I know I wish I'd never shipped. Don't believe. I ever slwvld if It hadn't been forDackparsoadin' of me. There's that about this here woyage that's kep' me uncomfortable all through. Why, damme, I wouldn't half so much object to the parson's wision if it hadn't turned out true. It's its trueness as disagreeswith me. . If a man points to a corner and says, * There's the devil,' and there's] nothen there, I laugh at him ; but if he points gaud I look and sees a black man with a tail 'twixt his legs and eyes as big as riding-lights, why then, ye see, I wants to retire. There'sasight too much of what ain't natural hi this woyage. Don't want to say nothen against the lady ; but if Joe ain't telling lies when he says that she's more sensible when she's asleep than when she's awake— reversing all the nat'ral laws as I'm acquainted with — then what I says is, I'm not gohV to be surprised if the schooner's kick's gone, oub of her and the worst ye can fear a f ollowin' of us in that steamer.' 'Itellyer,' said Joe Hall, 'that the lady came up asleep. She stared at nothen past me till I slipped t'other side the tiller in a sweat. Then she sensibly talks to the parson and Mr. Stone at the lee-rail, points and chucks her arms about, asleep all the time, and goes below, missing nothing, steppin' out true as a hair.' 'There's nothing wonderful in that,' said Archer, who had been listening quietly. 'Providence looks after sleep walkers. I've heard of women getting on to the tops of roofs of houses and stroll ing about on ledges so tall and narrow that people watching them have turned sick.' ^^ ' Well, I only wish the lady was more natural, more cording to regulations,' said the cook, directing his pale face, full of uneasy workings, towards the steamer. ' I never was shipmates with anyone as walked in his sleep afore, and though Providence, as Archer says, may keep a heye on the movements of a parly given to insensibly hacting arter the manner of ghosts, my notion is that the sperrit what works in a party and henables him or her to conwerse all the way from here with a man suppoged to be in England, bub 'long- aide her all the time, can't belong to the part people looks up to when they prays.' ' Why not ?' demanded Archer. 'Why not 2' echoed the cook. ' 'Cause if it was the sort o' being a man has no call to be alarmed at, it 'od make a party act arter the manner the party was in tended to.' ' I agree with Micky,' observed Gold smith. 'I recollect of hearing a preacher chap at a Bethel say that when the ancient Jews saw a man acting unnatural they calculated the devil had stowed him self away Inside of him. How they got him out o' the man I forgets ; but anyhow that notion of the ancient Jews — who weren't bloomin' fools neither, spite o' Billgrinnln' ? ' ' I'm a grinnin',' exclaimed Breeches, 'because your makin' out that that notion you've spoken about belonging to the Jews. Why, man, when I was a lad the idea was common in the village I was born hi. I've helped duck two old women myself 'cause the belief was they'd shoved evil spirits into folks and prevented hens from laying eggs.' This observation led to a lively argu ment between the cook, Breeches, and Goldsmith as to whether the belief that people who acted erratically, like sleep walkers, or demonakally, like Breeches'a two old women, were possessed by de mons, originated with the ancient Jews or with ' Bill's' village contemporaries. But the slow though unmistakable gaining of the steamer upon the schooner pre sently started the men upon subjects they were more qualified to form opinions on than the power of evil spirits, and they '. were soon engaged in alarming one another afresh with ideas as to the pursuer's nationality, and arguing upon what Hiram ought to do so as to keep the race going till nightfall If the wind held. Meanwhile Fortescue stood close to Agatha, anxiously listening to Weeks and Stone as one or the other of them spoke about the pursuit, whilst the girl Beemed to heed nothing but the rushing of the schooner and the sight of the Beas, which would come rolling at one moment with their dazzling brows sun-touched by the flying morning splendor between the the speeding clouds, at the next pouring hi delicate olive green under the eclipsiag shadow of the passing bodies of vapor. Sometimes in glancing at her and marking her rapt enjoyment of the windy streaming picture the curate would fancy that there muBt be some thing more than the mere relief the buoyant boundings of the vessel gave to the clouded mind and to that physical op pression in the head she spoke of ; some thing more than this in her delight in the beautiful alternations of glory and shade, of the sparkling blue kindled by the sun light or the sombre tinge that gloomed in each swelling height with the varying of the luminary's beams. What but the old instincts, the old admiration that at Wyloe often sweetened her pensive gaze, when from the seashore she watched with him some lovely, some tempestuous, some solemn evening summer mood of the deep stirred hi her, now that she had before her the very perfection of an ocean pic ture in the flight of the schooner through the liquid valleys and over the foaming hills, with liberty like a goddess born of and dominating the mighty weltering am phitheatre, informing every echo with a sosg of rare melody, till the minstrelsy in the rigging and the thunderous cadence over the brows, and the sharp, metallic, bell-like ringing notes of the sweeping foam combined their sounds into the music of an orchestra, to whose measures the schooner and the surges and the clouds and the recurrent dartings of the high sun's beams kept time ? Bnt the pursuit! What did that steamer there signify f She was yet hull down, but with all her canvas snowing, settling away on the lee quarter ; though now when Hiram brought his eye from the glass he Informed Stone that she was heading exactly their own course. 'There is no doubt she is after ua ?' said the curate. 'Not a shadder of doubt, Mr. Fortescue. ' ' And she is overtaking us ?' ' That's plain, too, sir.' ' Suppose she should prove an English man, captain 2' 'I don't want to find out, Mr. Fortescue. I don't want to have nothen' to say to her. Aa I have told ye, if she ain't a friend it'll be too late when the fact's discovered. Bill, shall we bring the schooner close ?. We're being picked up, mate 1' 'It won't do to jam her,' answered Stone; 'but it might be worth findin' out if th' Hope won't lie closer than t'other can. Half a point ? ' ' Then down with that stunsail, Bill !' burst out Hiram ; and in a moment old Stone was running forward and singing out. The men, rendered active as cat3 by anxiety, in a very few minutes had hauled down the stunsail, braced the yards sharp up, and 'sweated,' as they say at sea, every sheet to a pancake flat ness of canvas. The vessel was kept a Tap-full, but the shift of helm had brought the sea well on the bow, and the pressure aloft was exceedingly heavy ; for the Golden Hope, sweeping into the breeze, put a true stormy spite into its hard pour ing, and she drove along like a locomo tive, the spray breaking hi snowstorms over her head, her lee-rail pretty nearly flush with the smother there, her weather standing rigging like bars of steel for the winds to split on and rave through, every foreround of her canvas flashing with a starry light and melting into pallid dim ness with the reel and stagger of the spars to the sun, and his dazzling leapings from one cloud-edge to another. Phew 1 'twas noble sailing, the flight rather of some beautiful creature of instinct maddened by a far-off bellowing in her wake than the mechanical movements of ' a piece of nun's handiwork urged by the wind and guided by the helm. The crew gathered aft for the shelter of the quarter- deck from the tempestuous raining of green water forward, and stood grouped near the main rigging, all staring, as with one pair of eyes, at the steamer. Hiram, kneeling on those legs of his, which in their trousers looked rather less supple than a pair of sugar-tongs, in spected the stranger through the telescope. He watched her for a long minute, the glass rising and falling with hfa head to the plunge and dip of the schooner. Then rising and casting his protruding eyes in the most dismal manner, first on Mr. Fortescue, then on Stone, and finally on the men, he said in a low but hollow voice, ' Lads, he's hauled his wind 1' 'HeadhV up as we do?' shouted Breeches. ' Ay,' answered Hiram, ' as we do.' 'Then,' growled Goldsmith, with a note of desperation in his deep sea bass, 'it's h, d, double hell — hall; u,p — hup, hall hup, bullies. What's a goin' to with stand henglnes in a wessel mi can sail as close as the chase ?' Hiram took no notice of this. 'But, men,' cried out Mr. Fortescue, ' after all, our ideas are pure Imagination so far. How do we know that she is not an 'BngHpruwftw ? Presuming her to be a foreigner, what right have we as yet to suppose that the country she belongs to is at war with us?' ' Ay, that's all very well, sir,' bawled the cook; 'but what's Captain Weeks running away for, then ?' 'Because,' roared Hiram, ' it's one of them businesses which, to make sure of, allows 'em chiefly to make sure of you. What's she a-chaslng of us for? D'ye think she'd shift her course if she only wanted to speak — if there was nothen particular? She's a man-o'-war, [and what's her purpose in these here waters 3 Wfy) yes,' he shouted scornfully, ' she may be a countryman, and she may be mistaken of our dodgin' her. But d'ye wish me to heave to to find oub, when by gettin' away we ahall be dropping all the risks I've told yer about?' 'But we aren't goin' to get away,' cried Breeches. ' Why, she's swellln' up down there like a sailor's weskit in a public-house.' 'She's got a color flying,' said Stone, who had been silently working away with the glass. 'Ha!' exclaimed Hiram, wheeling round. 4 'At the foreroyal masthead,' con tinued the mate. He looked a little while longer. ' I dunno,' he cried, ' my sight ain't what it was ; but— but if it ain't blue an' white and red you may bile me,' he loared out, 'if It's yaller or black, or green?' Hiram looked on dully an instant or two, staring at Stone. ' By thunder,' he muttered, then snatched at the glass and levelled it. 'French!' he yelled. *« Who's got eyes here?' The men came hi a rush all around him. Hiram gave the telescope to Archer, who, after a short inspection, said, 'Yes, sir, the tricolor. A small French screw man-of-war.' Others of the men ^looked— Breeches, Goldsmith* Duck: they were all agreed. The flag in the glass blew out Its tints brilliant to the sun, and the vessel her eelf, her hull now and again showing betwixt a sea, black and glossy as the plumes of a crow, was heading up to it like the schooner herself, and gaining steadily with every five minutes that went by. Hiram, folding his arms, took a long look at the stranger and then a long look at the men. He was lost in thought ; then awoke to earnestly inspect his canvas and judge his speed by watching the passage of the white water. ' Bill,'7 he said, addressing Stone in a voice to be heard by all hands, 'she's catching us up, but we'll keep on this ratch and hold on all, for we're not to know she wants us to stop, and some thing might happen to her hengines, or she might carry away a mast — and any ways we'll hold on all.' Stone nodded. 'But whether there's war or not,' continued Hiram, maH'g his eyes meet with a singular look in Mr. Fortescue's face, ' that's no call for us, whether we're overhauled or whether we succeed hi gettin' away, to feel ashamed of the colors we safl under. So,- Bill, out with the hensign and run him up.' This was done, and as old Stone hauled the glorious bit of bunting, streaming like a flame as it soared rattling in a graceful curve to the halliard block at the peak, one saw the English spirit acting like the touch of nature that makes the whole world kin, in every man's face as the whole mob of them followed with their gaze the flight of the meteor flag to ita destination at the lofty gaff-end. Suddenly Agatha, who had been watch ing the hoisting of the ensign with an in terest that did not escape her lover, said to him in a low voice, ' May I speak to Archer, Mr. Fortescue?' 'I will call him, my darling.' The man approached with a respectful salute. She merely wished to ask him how he was— to teu him the delight the swift sailing of the schooner filled her with; and with a smile of moving pathos, in Fortescue's sight, to declare she was happier here than on the Island. ' I do not miss it : do you, Archer?' 'No, miss.' 'Sometimes I have wished the little house you built me was here. The trem bling of the leaves made the ground cool and pretty. But I like my cabin downstairs — and my clothes,' looking at herself with an added touch of color, and smiling as though she felt her simplicity and sought an excuse for ft, not knowing how to express her happiness save by in dicating the things which gave her plea sure ; ' and Mr. Fortescue is so kind to me — as you were Archer ; but-^bnt ? ' she struggled with a candor one saw her io&tincbs; were for silencing, and abruptly pausing she looked half shyly, half anxi ously at her lover. ' We're both in good hands, miss, and 'tis glorious to feel we're going home,' said Archer, and again knuckling his fore head he stepped over to where the other men were grouped. * ' They've hauled down the flag at the masthead,' shouted Stone, with his eye at the glass. 'Hillo! One— tew— three- four — five flags ; they're a signalising of us; and — hillo!' he bawled again, ' they're a firing !' The small white ball of smoke, that as it leapt from some bow gun or other of the steamer, was blown by the wind into a stretch of veil- like vapor shot with the lustre, was instantly seen, and all hands stared for the missile. 'Well, I'm doodled!' bawled old Breeches. ' That's meant for our ensign, I s'pose, an' if it don't sinnify war, why, then, any man may chuck old Bill over board as likes.' 'Anybody see where the shot struck ?' shouted TTirimij in a quite desperate state of excitement. There was no answer. ' Anybody hear the explosion ?' ' Oi did,' cried Johnny, with bis white face conspicuous among the men. 'Beg pardon, cap'n,' said Archer, stepping forward, ' but if so be, as Mr. Stone says, that steamer's signalifilng of us, it's likely she's fired her gun to call attention to her flags, or as a request to us to heave to.' 'There's no use in her botherin' with flags,' cried THram, whose agitation kepb him! jumping and hopping about as though his nervous system had been suddenly and violentiysmitten, ' 'cause we've got no book on board and shan't be able to onderstand nothen but hensigns. As to her meaning by her gonto ask us to heave to, why if I could believe it wasn't shotted — and that she only wanted to speak us— — ' and here he stopped with his eyes on Fortescue. 'There can be no doubt, I suppose,' said the clergyman, ' that she Is French? ' I don't know, sir,' answered Hiram.' 'She may be a Rooslan. I tell yer hoisting colors ig war times's mere cheating 'Anyway,' ^pursued the clergyman, ' she's gaining on us ?' 'Hand over fist,' answered Stone. ' Them there propellers, I've heerd, often do best when the wind's heading, by the grip they get of the water.' ' She's certain to overtake us, then ?' Stone shrugged hfe shoulders, Hiram turned to look at the steamer ; the men glanced over the sides or up aloft. The silence Was general and mightily ex pressive. 'I think we ought to heave to,' said -Fortescue mildly. 'The schooner's yours, sir ; you're my master ; whatever orders you give'll be obeyed,' exclaimed - Hiram, rounding rapidly on his long legs and speaking with an eagerness and .anxiety that made you see he wanted to be quit of his respon sibility. 'What do you say, men!' exclaimed Fortescue, addressing them. 'Yon see how the case stands. Our fears may prove imaginary ; but in any case she Is certain to outrun us, and supposing it conceiv able she should be an enemy, we are not going to Improve our reception at her hands by a long and irritating chase,' 'That seems right enough, sir,' said Stone. 'If she's bownd to overhaul us,' growled Breeches, 'why then she must.' , ' Why, yes, of course, if she dew, she dew,' cried Goldsmith ; ' but somethin' may happen, an' I'm for keepin' all on as we're a goin'. Time enough to heave to, sajs I, when she regular proper fires at us.' ' There goes a second gun, anyhow,' observed Arthur. It would have made a monkey laugh to see the fellows staring up at the sails and at the sea to observe where and what the ball was going to strike. ' I tell ye what it Is, lads,' said James Kitt, throwing a savage, fighting look along the schooner's unarmed deck, 'for an Englishman to be aimed at by a . Parley Too without his having so much as a squib to return the compliment with, is a dispensation as don't suit my book for one. An' running away from that three- colored rag's as little to my taste, too. It it was me, I'd run down helium and chance th' odds.' ' Well, I'm agreeable,' said Breeches. 'Notaen else to be done, as I can see,' exclaimed Sawyer. 'All sight, down helium, then !' cried Duck. ' It's your wish, sir ?' said Hiram. ' What choice have we ?' answered the clergyman, not without anxiety in his voice, as he looked at the steamer. 'Intor'gan'sll' bawled Hiram. 'Back the torps'll Down staysail and flying jib ! Up main tack ! She's been sweated enough.' The men sprang about, those who would have remonstrated smothering up their objections, and presently . the schooner was lying without headway upon her, bowing the long steady rolling sea with a regular rhythmical swing of stem and stem, everything quiet aloft, and the crew looking over the lee-rail at the steamer that, seeing the action of the schooner, had reduced canvas down to bare poles and was heading for the weather quarter of the Golden Hope, flinging the billows aft hi spray over her as her screw drove her headlong through them. About a quarter of an hour after the schooner had been hove to the sudden dropping of the wind was like the weather's confirmation of the wisdom of Hiram in bringing his vessel to -a stand. It was certain it rendered the men mCTO satisfied with what had been done, more particularly when they noticed as the steamer grew upon the sea the superb etateliness of her hull, her dominant shearing of the lessening surge rising white to each cathead, the rake of spar whose suggestion of speed was accentuated by the sviffe pouring of smoke from the leading funnel, and the inimitable anima tion cf the naked fabric as expressed in the pulsation of bluish light in her wet sides, her shining leaps from brow to brow with the tricolor streaming at the gaff end, where it might now plainly be seen ; and as old Stone could mark ere long through the glass, the glittering of uniforms oh the bridge. The breeze bad Bettled south-east again, with something of the steadiness of the trade wind in it, when the Frenchman, as the steamer was now by all hands agreed to be, was about half a mile distant. Her approach was watched with an anxiety that became a kind of fever in the more nervous. Hiram stood with one hand gripping the other bloodless, Stone with folded arms, Breeches sour, but with the English sailor's doggedness hi his face, Goldsmith with that anticlpative leer which, aa a prophetic expression, is good for whatever may happen, and so on. Mr. Fortescue, holding Agatha's hand, thought to himself, 'Suppose Hiram Is right — that there is war between England and France and we are taken prisoners ?' and you could have guessed what was passing in his mind by the face he would turn from the steamer to his love. On the other hand the girl asked no questions. Ib seemed to T-i*^ as if her im perfect grasp of what was happening re strained her from interrogating him by the sensitiveness that springs from one's knowledge of one's ignorance. He would see her straining her eyes at the coming vessel, then glancing from his to the faces of the men, with a contraction as of ear nest thought in her fair brow, followed by a side peep of wistfulness at him, which whenever she caught him notice it she'd endeavor, hi a manner most affecting to him, to charge with a meaning he knew it did not possess by uttering some common place as to the failure of the wind, the deadness of the blue water brimming foam lees past the bends of the stationary schooner, and the like. The steamer ranged alongside to wind ward within easy speaking distance. Her engines stopped, she came to a halt, and lay rolling upon the sea, showing a broad white deck with every leeward heave, a few carronades, a long gun in the bows, and whole masses of seamen, whose pos tures, motions, figures, dress, would have bespoken her origin and character though she had come along with the red cross at all three mastheads and the most farpl'aT ship's name in the English tongue writ large on each bow. ' O, ze schoonaire eh-hy ?' shouted a man, twinkling in buttons, from the bridge. ' Hallo !' roared Hiram. ' Vere you boun' ?' ' Hingland 1' shrieked Hiram. ' Ye veel send a boat 1' bawled the little chap. ' What for, sir ?' cried Hiram. ' Ye have a leetel babee heere, an' ve ask you to take heem.' Hiram looked, at Mr. Fortescue with a face from which all human expression ap peared to have vanished — answering purely to Jack's illustration, ' As long as a wet swab 1' ' Well, I'm jiggered 1' he rapped out, bringing his open hand smartly against his leg; 'to think we crew of Plpglfah men should ha' been running away all mornin' from — from a little baby I' Chapter XXXVII. — A New Passenger. A shout of laughter followed Hiram's exclamation. It was like all hands letting out their breath in a cry of relief and de light. Indeed the incident seemed a thing Incredible after the strain of the ex citement all the morning. Was the request a sincere one? Was it to mask some manoeuvre to catch the schooner un awares ? The fancy seized old Breeches' mind, and he whispered it quickly to those nearest him, in a way to pub such faces upon them as would have satisfied any man that if there was to be more laughter from the crew there were three or four who would not join in it. ** Well, Mr. Fortescue, and what am I to tell 'em, sir f said Tl train, addressing the clergyman, after a long pause full of hard breathingand rolling chuckles, during which something resembling the skipper's habitual expression of countenance had slowly filtered into his face. 'A baby?' exclaimed Fortescue. 'Surely a most extraordinary request. Do you think it was ' baby' he said 2 Is there -anything else like that word in a Frenchman's mouth he could mean?' ' He said 6o-bee right enough ; oo-bee. And what's that word goin' to Binnlfy if it don't answer to what it sounds like ?' said THram, looking at Stone. 'Well, no use botherin' over what's hinte&ded;, for they mean to explain it themselves,' exclaimed Stone. . As he spoke, a fine ten-oared boat was swung through the davits of the steamer, and with tolerable smartness she was pre sently heading for the schooner, with oars quickly -rising and falling, and a little glittering man sitting aft, conspicuous, even at a distance, by an enormous mous tache. In true Ttpglfah merchant fashion the crew of the Golden Hope leaned over the side watching the boat, with their chins upon their bare arms, their faces half sullen, half inquisitive. In voices rendered gloomy by the hoarseness of their subdued notes, they criticised the dress of the French seamen, their manner of rowing, and other matters, which gratified them as contrasts highly favor able to the marine sons of Britannia, the pride of the ocean. 'Truth is,' muttered Goldsmith, ' 'taint in the nature of Frenchmen to make sailors. They never take to the sea nat'rally— they're forced to it, and .when sailors'- clothes is give 'em they don't know how to put 'em on. And how d'ye think they're fed ? Why, on soup 1 and they has a thin red wine sarved oub t'em ; and I tell ye what, mates, nothen oomes handy to 'em to lay hold of but a musket. The're never comfortable hi their minds till they're put to marchin1 up and down like soldiers.' Yet he and the rest were willing to own that the steamer was a beautiful vessel. Indeed she looked so, as she lay broadside on to windward, regularly showing her white decks with every roll, ail that was blight hi her— glass, and brass, and varnish, and the like— flashing out inter mittently a thousand fiery stars, lifting her shapeliness with coquettish grace to every brow, like some living thing In viting the eye to her charms, gathering a particular richness from the glossy black of her sides, rising with a palpitation of light throughout the length of it to the dark green draining away hi yeast from the plunging yet stately recoil, groups of men, picturesque through distance, in large straw hats, and the spars of her soaring heights in true correspondence with her tonnage aB a sailer, carrying their taut, exquisite tracery to where the reddish gleams of the gilt trucks defined the full altitude, with bodies of clouds from the north-east sailing up over her, and breaks of blue shining serene among the squares of the ratlines and between the masts* The boat drew alongside and hooked on, the gangway was unshipped, Bteps thrown over, and the French lieutenant came on board. At the sight of Agatha he pulled off his hat with such a flourish as he would have made on one of his boulevards, and though there was tact in his first manner of looking, he could not conceal his surprise and admiration. In truth, this monsieur might have spent his life in travelling over the world with out encountering in any woman the sur prising charms, the wild graces Agatha offered to his eyes, with her 'b-'r trembling to the wind, and ita auburn full of glory when the sun streamed oat upon it, her loose apparel that yet revealed the beauty of her shape, her buoyant swayhgs to the move ment of the schooner; nor eould he fail to notice in the expression of her faee the lack of something Fortescue could have found him a name for,, but which would to an extent increase the fascination of her beauty by filling her brilliant yet soft and pensive stare and the troubled gather Ing of her fair brows, with child- like marvelling and an incomparable naivete. 'Veech,' said the little Frenchman, smiling, and glancingaround, after another look at the girl over his great spiked moustache, ' is ze eapitaine ?' ' 1 am, sir,' said Hiram, now quite satisfied that there was nothing hostile in this business, 'I beg pardon,' said the lieutenant, bowing. ' Your language I speak bad ; dere is no one here talk French 1' Fortescue turned to Agatha. She used to speak it fluently ; it would test her memory, too. But to his first) words she colored deeply, and turned her face aside with an air of distress, to cover which Fortescue said quickly, 'lam afxaid, sir, we shall be unable to converse with you except in. our own tongue. But your accent is excellent).' A profound bow and an overwhelming smile repaid this compliment: Breeches, standing amidst the tiptoeing, shoving, conBumedly-curious crew, growled oub, 'Why the blazes don't he say what he wants ? Has he brought us to jest to bow and cut capers hay-la-mode frogee ?' 'Messieurs,' said the Frenchman, ' den I moat do my best. Fairst, I veel ask why you ron away ¥' _ ' 'Cause we didn't like your appearance, sir , didn't onderstand your chasing of us ; couldn't see what you might be want in' In these here waters,' said Hiram. ' Ha !' exclaimed the lieutenant, to whom this reply was barely intelligible, hi spite of Hiram's shouting at the top of his voice, after the custom of the English, who evidently believe that the only way of making a foreigner understand Is to start with the assumption that he is deaf, 've did see you airlee dis morn from zee mast,' pointing aloft; 'and as you go fast we raise de steam, but you ron away, which we did not like, because we know if we lose you anodalre we might not find, and we discharge two gon. Our want is dis. We are on an excursion geographic, exploratif, for ze government of ze French nation, and ve sail be long among de islands here and odaire places. Now, messieurs, it is four days pass dat we meet wid a boat, aud hi it a spectacle distress ing ; two dead men and von dead voman, and a leetel babee dat was alive. We keep de babee, and ze odaires we sink in de sea. I cannot tell ze nation dey belong to. Name dere was none on ze boat, no tings in dere pockets, no papaire ; von knife, a— vot you call dat ze door open wid ?' ' Key,' said Fortescue. ' Yes, key, a vatch, dat is all. Dese tings ve hove. Yell, vot ve do wid dis leetel babee? Ye hov no voman— no laday. All are men. But dab, messieurs, Is not all. If presently ve should be going to some port, den ve might keep de babee ; but ve are here for veek and veekj pbssib ve might nob see a sheep for day and day ; dis vos our imagination ven ve sight you, and so ve give ze chase; ve vould have de leetel babee taken avay by some- sheep .dat Is Bailing to port. Yeel you take it ? Ze laday vill not refuse ;' and as he said this, again, to the amuse ment of the crew, the French lieutenant pulled off his hat and gave Agatha a bow, perhaps accompanying it with a leer ; for what Frenchman can resist the impulses of his profound self-belief in his killing graces? 'A rum yarn, sir,' said Hiram to Fortescue. 'I see their difficulty,' answered the clergyman. ' They will spend weeks in cruising about these seas and In parts where they are not likely to fall in with ships. I think we should relieve them of their care ; the little waif may die in their hands — only what sort of nursing can we give ib? Hjb eye wandered to Agatha, who was looking at the steamer, whilst the Frenchman stroked the spikes of his moustache, his arm across his breast, examining the girl through his eyelashes with his face bowed. ' I'm not a man to object to babies myself,' said Stone ; 'but seein' that ye've got a hobligation big enough for two arm fulls standln' close beside ye, sir,' he looked at Agatha, ' I'd consider well if I was you afore burdenin' myself with the charge of a hinfant.' ' There's nothen onlucky, I suppose, hi comln' across a baby at sea ?' said Hiram doubtfully and Interrogatively, and In a loud voice so that he might be heard by the men. Breeches would have been glad to answer this; bub as he was unable to recollect any superstition under the par ticular head of babies, he contented him self with looking as If his mind held several dark recollections, bub that he would rather not mention them. 'How old is the child, sir?' asked Fortescue of the lieutenant. ' About feefteen munt, monsieur.' 'Girl or boy?' 'Leetel boy.' The clergyman fell into deep thought. Nothing could ever happen but that he would accept it as an expression of God's meaning with him, which whether Intel ligible or nob, was to be thought of in reference only to his Maker's love and mercy. What wonderful purpose lay hi this strange encountering of a tiny bairn in the mighty heart of the ocean? He felt a superstition come Into him out of the thing. It was not so much that his heart was moved by thought of the help lessness and littleness of the motherless creature plucked from the edge of a sea grave, as that he was influenced by some monitory motion of his spirit urging him to quick decision, as though there were in him a vision deeper than his own soul knew of, that saw beyond what had come and was rendering Instinct imperious. 'Forgive me for detaining you,' he said to the lieutenant, 'I wiBh first to consult with this lady.' The Frenchman bowed, and Stone and Hiram seeing by the curate's manner that however he decided it would be without reference to them, dropped their eager aspect as of men ready to give an opinion, and settled themselves into a cool posture of waiting, with many glances from the lieutenant to his steamer. 'Agatha, my darlhig,' he said, 'do you understand what has passed?' ' Oh, yes.' ' If we receive the little baby will you see to it, attend to it, care for it ?' ' I should love to do so,' she answered gently, speaking with a singular tender* ness in her eyes. ' Ib will find me occu pation, and there will be always some* thing to think of. I need that. It is cruel to find nothing to fix the thoughts upon.' 'It will give you trouble, Agatha: it is a very young baby— fifteen months old. only.' 'Poor darling!' ' B will have to sleep in your cabin ; it will require your constant attention,' ' It is that I need,' she exclaimed, with a tremble in her voice and a look like sorrow in one who Is dumb passing over her face. ' Be it so,' he exclaimed. ' The hand of God is in this,' and he paused with a hope or fancy hi him that made him tremble as It' it were a dim revealment, though in an instant he perceived it was one of those pious impositions the brain deceives the heart with, when desire is passionate and ever searching for auguries. He turned to the Frenchman, who con turned; to ; stroke his moustache and to furtively study Agatha. ' Sir,' said he, ' we shall be v?lad to re ceive the child. Another grumbling sort of chuckle rose behind the little Frenchman from the crew as he stooped low with his hat to the deck almost. 'You are ver good, saire,' he ex clamed, and running to the side he called out to his boat's erew, ' Go, my infante, and fetch U petit. I stop here till you re turn.' He may have added something else — perhaps winked or made a knowing grimace behind his spikes — for ' his infanta' as he called the swarthy, un couth, untidy boat's crew, shoved off in a violent hurry, and pulled away to wind ward as if rowing fora wager. Fortescue asked him into the cabin to take wine, but he declined with a very police face, all the while looking about nim with great cariosity, more especially at Agatha, by whom he seemed both be wildered and fascinated. ' You have ver nice leetel sheep here, Baire, said he to Fortescue, whom he guessed to be the owner, by his having for himself decided about the baby, and approaching him that he might also draw closer to Agatha. ? « You are takin' your plaisaire hi her ? And ze lady ?' 'The lady was shipwrecked j we searched for and have found her, and are conveying her home,' answered For te&cue.; 'Aha!' cried the lieutenant, with a long breath that whistled through his teeth, 'den all explain himself. Dab why you here. My eapitaine say, - what dab leetle sheep do here, hein? Now I can explain him. Sheepwreck ! ha, ha ! I hope, mam'selle, your soflerin* vos not very great ?' giving her a bow. It might have been the little creature's stature, or the vanity and self-asBuranca expressed hi his face, with the ends of hia moustache standing oub past his cheeks like marlinspikes — and there was nothing more nautical than that to be found hi this vulgar ornamentation of a sailor — oc the grins of the men which wrinkled their chocolate Bkina to every bow or grimace this lieutenant made — indeed, they might have passed for a street mob watching a monkey — that broke In upon Agatha'a gravity ; she burst into a laugh, and then nervousness mastering her, she continued to laugh with a note of hysteria in her mirth, blushing for her merriment, too, and with a look of helpless shame, amid the sparkling in her eyes, that did un doubtedly make her face a lovely puzzle to monsieur's surprised and somewhat In dignant stare. ' Saire,' said he, turning to Fortescue,' ' I am happee to know by ze layday's amusement dat her sofferln have not been ver greab,'- and with that he folded hia arms after the Bbyle of the greab Napoleon, and fixed a scowling gaze upon the steamer. It was not a tiling to bother over ; and Fortescue was hi no mood to relate to this stranger the story of Agatha's shipwreck and the mental blow that had befallen her, which any approach to an apology for her laughter would have involved. Perhaps he wondered that the little lieutenant bad not eyes for the truth ; but a life spent in the cure of village souls must necessarily leave a man's theory of human conceit imperfect, spite of neighboring squires and here and there a parson's wife. Hiram, however, on the other hand, grew nervous. 'Bill,' he muttered to old Stone,* ' 'twont do to let the little chap sulk. Suppose when he goes back he should tell 'em he's been Insulted? Them there Frenchies are like what they make grog of— Bplrits o' wine. Fire 'em, and they're alight all over.' * So saying, he convulsed his gaunt and yellow face into a smile, and Btepped up to the Frenchman. ' Beg pardon, mounseer; that there's a fine craft o' yours, air.' 'Yaree.' ' Long from home, sir?' ' Four monts,' 'Ah, then you'll have no morenooa' than we have. Fine country yours, sir. I knowB Blong and I knows Cally, an' I was once ashore off Cape Devi, and pretty nigh drownded.' The Frenchman said 'Hum,' not under standing ; then, screwing up his eyes at Hiram, he said, 'You are captalne, eh ?' 'Yes, sir.' 'Eesittrue dat lady dere was sheep wreck?' Hiram nodded, 'Anglian?' Hiram nodded again. ' Yy she laugh at me?' enquired the; Frenchman, stroking one of his atrocioua spikes, and rearing his little figure whilst he looked up into Hiram's face in a man ner to remind one of the sketch of tha cock threatening to spring at the horse fon having tossed his nosebag. ' Why,' said Hiram in a whisper, 'aha ain't quite right hi her mind— she's lost: what they calls a faculty' — and he grinned hi sympathy with the start the littla Frenchman gave, and the look of relieved conceit that softened down his scowl. 'Hal' exclaimed the lieutenant, 'I am gladt. For me,' smiting his littla bosom with his little fist, ' I do nob like ze ridicule,' and that he had forgiven Agatha on the spot it was easy for Hiram to see by the ogling and leering glance tha pmnnflrin levelled at her. Weeks wanted nothing better. His apprehension of tha little Frenchman's resentment faded, and with it bis fear of the consequences which he had gone so far as to suppose might take the shape of a parting cannon ball when the schooners shifted their helm for their separate courses, and a started hull such as had sent old Stone's snow to the bottom, . and which might force them into some barbarous port with all hands half dead with pumping. It would ba suspected that Hiram was imaginative, irt reality he was only practical ; very anxious to get home, and oppressed with the old maritime conviction that all foreigners ara cowards at sea, and capable of the lowest meanness. ? (To he continued.) ? 