WHATOTHER PAPERS THINK [ Under this heading are given quotations from fySei leading diilietys 'of V thelatest issues of our contemporaries.] ■ The Wallaroo Tfytet- adduce? ,evldeuco;to prove tliat Mr. <Tenldhi Coles is not in favor of a property tar after all. The country's pronunciation against it is too-marked. The Border Watch thinks all three candi dates for Victoria " men of the right stamp —able. congcieutious, and willing to -do the colony some service." It urges, however, that it would pe a distii.ct gatn to give one seat to Sfr. Symon.' The Areas Express says the Advertiser is always listening open-mouthed to war rumors, and is ever eager to build upon tliein a monstrous pile of ignorance and assumption. The Gawler Rungip considers it important that a'Mining on Private Property Bill should be introduced' and passed without delay. The. Gawler Bungip is certain that Payment of Members Bill will be carried Immediately Parliament meets. The Burra Record hopes Parliament will not entertain the Government proposition to lease ^0,000 acres 111 the Ninety-mile Desert for wattle- farming. The' Sentinel traverses statements made by Biwhop 'Reynolds concerning' the drinking liabit^dfAgstrslia. The KapgjjdniJ&roW; says " In Ireland the rich lands areswt-ptof men and given over to ehecp and'cittle," snd'itcries opt in indigna tion at the unjust treatment the Irish are flsov receiving. . . 1 < ; k /! The pepo wie EnfemiifejiBi rins that '-' murti ■tsipnl-govefnirienVis the moke beneficial for the general good of any community. The Argus (Glare) writes; " Our future prosperity will largely depend on the wisdom of our legislators in connection with the leasehold land> nut only with that wliieh is to be resumed in 1888, but also with the area still unoccupied." The Port Adelaide A ems promises . to keep on eye on Mr.Hopkius, M P. The Norwood Rree Press'has given up the ghost. This is the second paper that has found that suburb unsympathetic. Our Commonwealth. Informs its readers that. Unless they extend more support to it, next week will see its Inst issue. Our Commonwealth wishes Br. Cockburn success at Mount Barker. The Trades Unionist regrets the severance of the Port Adelaide Working Men's Asso ciation and,the Trades and Labour Council. The Advertiser (Jloonta) approves of a grant to private schools for every child passing the compulsory standard. . The Northern Argtw approves of the agree ment about to be made for leasing 30,000 •eras of land in the South Bust for wattle cultivu^r: : The Port Adelaide Eews regrels that iii the hour of-eucgess Mr. Mattinsou -could pot \- <affordto.be generous to Mr. Bower. "Great- ! tiess and generosity," it says, " are intimately ] blended."' 