SUICIDE OF MR. JOSHUA DUFFETT. Y ,t rdiay morning (yavs the Melbourne Argus at the 17th instant) Mr. Joshua Dnffett, the eon of Mr. J. G. uLtfftt, of the firm of Messrs. Duffltt sad H'. s itu. esiitors. Melbourne, c mmitted unicide n d.:r t?ry sad circumstances. Mr.: Duffett, who to .!llknlo?tln in aporting circ'e., resided at Base. *:Jure-lroad. Caulfield. He went ti Warr?li4b..t week to ,tperintend the remorel of a numberof-_ e ltt I., ?,u t.d by his father. lHe rt.arned from there, a 11. ,,, ' " lay afternoon, he '.".at to Dandenong. II. o. s. wed a doub!e-barre!l 1, gun from a black. ritdt at DJttdenong, named Green, on the ,pretext that he wanted it for the purpose of shooting a horse. The gun was loaded in each, baorr with a bullet, at Mr. Duffett's request. Itr is rumoured that the bullets were case for hits hr the blacksmith, but the statement requires confirmation. Thus equipped, he proceeded es horseback to Ureo's Hotel. which is abotthree miles from Dandenong, on theBerwick-road. He remanied at the hotel during the night. He appeared to be in his usual condition of health. and gave no eldenme whatever of any intention which he might likes formed to put an end to his life. He rose at 8I o'clock yesterday morning. He partook of a glis' of brandy and lemonade, and told the manoa charge of the bar that he would take his gun and "have a shot before breakfast." His action caused no nsue prise. No auspicion was excited as to his intntiooes, and it was not known what direction he took when he left the house. The tragic incident which fol. lowed showed that he deliberately determiqed to commit suicide according to a preconceived ,plan. He appears to have walked direct tp an Uninhabited cottage, described as being little better thanu hut, about a third of a mile from the hotel, near the Hallam-road railway station. In the cottagethere was an old stretcher. To this he appears to have tied the trigger of the gun in such a way that he r?uld manipulate it with fatal effect to himself. He directed the barrel at his owh body, and by lpllin the gun exploded the charge in one of the barrels. The bullet passed through his body on the left side, penetrating the lungs and causing profuse bleading. There was no witness of the occurrence, and what was the" immediate effect of the wound is not at present known. If it rendered him unconosioio, jt must have been only for a short.time. He mansh have sufferrd great pain, but in spite of this, he left the hut, and walked or crawled the whole diestnc: back to the hotel, climbing on the way over a three.railed fence, still bleelieg: profasely from the wound, and in a dying condition.. During this terrible walk, the strain upon the system of the injured ooan must have been very great, and his sueffring intense. However, by some meansshe reached the hotel. and, at 9 o'clockl after so habence .f an hnor. ,luring which time nothing had beg h-ard of him, he was soon clinging, in evident dh@ tease, to the gate leading to the yard at the rearsf., the house. A man employsd in the ,ard was th flot to discover him. Hieclothes were coveted with blood, and, his condition being scertained, he was placed at once in bed in the hotel, ansdl; ?ediilas. saitance sent for. Dr. Moore of Dandenong, arrived shuortly afterwards. He examined and dressed the large and gspi ic wound id Mr. Duffett's side, butat once p-onouno d his case to he hopeless. 'AtLerdlr was subsequently despatched to 'Mr.:: d nets' parents, in Melboorne, and they ?ent losvsago Dandouong, accoimpnied by Mr. Girdltatoes, uar. geon, whose serveces they had obtaided: Mr, Duffett revived after his wound was"dressed, and was aise to converse with those who attedeBd him. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, however,lhe became unconscious. He then sank rapidly, and, at 7 o'clock in the evening. he died from lsmnotdhage of the lungs, the result of the self-inflicted wound, The as'e was for a time surrounded by some mysters. Mr. Duffett was not known atthe hotel and, when he returned with the fatal wouid- Anls side, he stated that he had slipped aiud acidentally shot himself. Sulbequently, inqciriesipd to the die. covery of the gun sn the uniohabited cottage near the Hallaim's road r.ilway station, with the trigger still fastened to the stretcher, and then information was obtained which made it evident that the case was one of deliberate fsicide. The parents, who ree ttlrned to their residenco at Riversdale-.rad, :Haw.l thorn, lost evening, had not anticipated any suoh-. act of self-de tru?tiou ino the part of theirson. They state that about ten years ago Mr. Duffett met with an accident in the hunting field, which cansedeeri..s ous injury to his head. He reouvered,. butsh?ioe then lie has been eslhj -ct to severe neuralgia, -which recurred with distressing regularity during the cold weather of the winter months. He could btai ao,. remedy for hie ailment. When the.pain was great, lie often walked about his roolm at night unable to rest, and it is supposed that his sufferings from this cause produced the depression of mind which in. duced him to commit suicide. It is expected'atbi% an inquest will be held today. Mr. Duffett was thirty three yearsof age. He wai unmarried, and wao well known in sporting circles, priunciplly in conneution with racing. For seven or eight yeiars he had trained horses at Canlfield, and run them under the assumed nameof Mr. J. G. Heid. His principal success was achieved two years ago r with Grace Darling. in the race for the Caulfeld Cup, which she won, and the same mare eubise.' qne..tly was beaten by a heal onuly forthe Melboarne, ; C;up won by Sheet Anchor. The Ghost and Gadfly, both wisni.rs ,of the V.A.T.C. Ladies' Trophy. were amongt others of his winning horses. For some time pist, however, Mr. Duffett's racing operations have ut beeu attended by success, and several of his her~va i.ncludine Grace Darling, were recently sold by public auction. 