Fepe'sSIiroBid. A GBATÈYABD STOBT. Pepe Mnrhua was perhaps the. most popu- lar yoong man in San Felipe. He waa a singularly cheery lad, and to" his unfailing good spirits, no doubt, owed much of his popularity, rather than to his many qualities of greater sterling worth. But the trait which excited most interest among his compeers of his cwa age and sex was his dauntless, dar- ing courage. None so reckless os Pepe when the amateurs took the bull-ring tor some función whose funds wera devoted to chari- table or patriotic purposes ; none pushed his horse to such strenuous efforts, nor elong so persistently to the game at the coleadero when the young bloods of the community pitted their strength one against another in " tail- ing the bull." And bram he was, too, in emergen des in which the soul is leas highly keyed to heroism than in such stimulating phases of dash and enthusiasm. Facing calmly and in cold blood men maddened by drink or passion, or else turning a bold, de- fiant front to the lawless gentry infesting, in his day, the district, Pepe demonstrated ever his self-possession and courageous spirit. A group of Pepe's friends had hsd bia attri- butes under discussion, one flawy, flighty Sunday afternoon, when the sudden inter- mittent gusts of rain and the dusty wind had driven them to shelter from the rather bleak alameda, where to-day no carriages dashed under the garrulous cottonwoods, ncr demure dark-eyed maidens paced the gravelled ways or perched, like gay birds, upon the massive stucco benches. The coterie had betaken themselves to the house of Don Enrique Soto, at the instance of Federico, his son, who sat brimming their glasses with the cordial wine ot Parras-to the disdain, be it admitted, oi divers supercilious spirits, who would have been vastly better contented with any poor, thin liquor, so only that it should bear a foreign label. UI tell yon, comrades ail," cried Pable Nunez, "this fine fellow Peps gets credit foi valor he does not know, ra all these feats ol strength that he performs ke knows he ia al an advantage by virtue of his limber built and strong muscles. Bot the true test oi eourage wUl be a ease where he is on equalit] with others-with all the world. How woulc ba behave during an earthquake, when hit tremendous strength would avail him no thing? How long wooJd he stand np befon an intangible shape-a phantom?!'-,,.:. At that a shouted chorus of laughter as tended from the circle of young men.' ' " POT Din I Pablo, doest thou believe ii phantom*! ? Bot whas ghosts hast thou seen Come, tell na a tala a story-a legend, j pretty burmese fins-that Pablo bas grow credulous ot ghosts ba who was wont to seo at aught that he contd not touch, regardin the doctrines of the church even as the supei ?titians dreams of ignorant women. Hi Papa 1 " cried the merry crew, deridingly the favourite came to the door "here is mei for thy mirth! Hoe ia Pablo grown supe SÜtious ! " Pepe smiled when the babbling spirits ei plained the situation, not failing, either, t mark the point that the question had arise through Nunez's doubt ot Pepe's valor. Bi smile though fae did, Pepe looked aeriou too. " Bemember, mates," he said, " that Pähl ia front the Sierra, and in the mountains oi grows np more inclined to benet in unearth] things the very influenees of Nature, m changad by the arts of mao, tend that way.' "By! Pepe to the defence!'' MWen,yes,thea,* said Pepe; "and I i think, moreover, that deep down ia evei haman heart there lurks belief, of less < greater «tr-mgU», ia thc »uatoraL Son stake their faith cn dreams, and some c signs and tokens. Thou, Correrá, didst shiv aad leave off playing mallila, oae night la week, bécasse Joan Luna 'looked over yoi ahoolder with his grossed eyes. How mai of you will join mo to-morrow in a dinner wUl give to twelve? Come, speak op, hoyt You shall have the fullest spread the toi affords, and French wines all. What 1 a yon bashful ? " Ko man made exuberant haste to aeee Karbua's offer to make one of the thirtea rather, tba yoong feUowi looked abashed ai gouty. ' " Aja ! " cried Pablo Nunez, "I told th« you'd waar tba white plumean someebarg How, sss, Pepe, yon raak as tba pluckiest f low in town; will yon go to Campo Sn tiona at night?" " I don't think I am the pluckiest," si Pepe; " there's Joan Carrasco, who faced a threw a mad boll that was charging a ero in the market-place ; and Tito Bedons, w OTtwama ead tied crazy Sanchez, the botet over the dead body of the maniac's soe, tl be had just murdered." " So you want to dodge the trial by ah! ¡ag the honours?" said Nunez, taunting "These are all eases where tim danger v ejaar and definite. Yon wffl not go to I graveyard?" ' " Oh, yes," said Pepe, "I am not given dodging; I win go. Now, mind yon, I afraid. Yea, comrades, it is true. Thai known is always the thing fullest of horn ana l fina aa awnu «error in the thoo . that, as a bare possibility, even, somew that is gruesome and fearful might bel But to my mind the truest courage lies, ia our reckless, foolhardy exploits, bal fearing a thing and facing it all the sa Come, what do you wish me to do f wLst us go BOW to Campo Seato, and what aban be the test;" aad at the a they trooped oat and np the street to dreary graveyard, facing on a forlorn, en square above the alameda, a spot so deao and forbidding that ita mers contemplai woold make world-weary humanity wu to cling to life rather than face the desi of lying in such repellent eonnnos. De the Beeper, bad garnered ample harvest San Felipe ; his granary was full to o veri ing. The long, whitewashed facade topped by a cross above the great porti the saman, inrrplicably wide, since no nage not Matt of barden erec éraseos tba threshold. In 'the long, narrow vestibule, oz porch, a chapel waa arranged, where, night and day, a lamp barned before a pictured Holy Family, and ita flame threw uncanny reff actione upon a row of gleanuag ashen, white skulls ranged below. Passing through this species of atrium the young men, sobered by their surroundings, entered the city of tba dead. The graves lay thick aa grass-blades, literally overlapping, and almost without ex caption facing westward. No shrubs, no flowers or trees enhrened |tbe scene ; only the debris of dried bouquets [from tba annual devotion on AU Souls' Day, which had fallen a fort- night previous, and hera and there a harsh, glaring wreath ot yellow and black immor- telles. Some of the monuments were stately and handsome, bot the majority were flat, low-lying atones, carved with no ptTt^W akQl or tarte, and often defectiTa authography. Some of the bumbler sort were built of ma- sonry, and painted in crudest, vividest tones of hine or green, picked out with weather tarnished gilding. A fair production of the monuments bore the letters "D. P,." which indicated the right of the tenants to slumber there undisturbed in perpetuity, instead of suffering exhumation like the less-favored, whose mouldering bones at .tba end of four or five years would bs unearthed and thrown into tba common receptacle of the kuesario. I So depressing waa the place that the visi I tors, as with one accord, and an instinct of setf-defence, lighted fresh cigarettes, and puffed vigorously, until they created a cloud i ot fragrant blue smoke to mingle with tba I murky atmosphere. They picked their way with what reverence ot tread they might to a ssotion of the northern wau, where the plaster was erunibüag away from the brown I 55 ' abodes, while here and there io the scaned > expanse were tablets hearing, besides same r and date," the legend, "Slain by the Savages," in mournful suggestion of the days, not so long gone by, when the Indians had been wont to swoop in fieros raids into she city's very atrests. Then Nunez, still acting as spokesman, turned to Pepe, "Wilt thoa como here at midnight and drive a nail into that wall}" . . "I will do it," answered Pepe, "bot with reluctance, as yon know." Then, after the inevitable chatter and chaff, the crowd lounged homeward. It was perhaps ten o'clock when they re- assembled at Pablo Nunez's office, fr»»ni"»g it indiscreet to start such an undertaking from tho salon de hillier or any mon publie point. Pepe looked a little pale and eerie, but lever theless came gallantly forward, at the last, Clemente Allende, Pebe's bosom friend, tried to dissuade him from the enterprise. "'Tis a rash and useless thing, hombre. Gin it up. If ought wen to be gained by the going, royal Bat to gratify the jealous malice of an envious soul like Paplo, why ahouldst thou risk thy life ? For at night the exhalations from the naves an mon than ever noxious, and thoa mayest get typhus or heavens knows what from breath- ing them. v The plea was potent with Pete, who had aQ I the usual horror which Mexicans feel for tba air of night, never stirring abroad after dusk without muffling his mouth and nostrils in the folds ot a Büken hankerchief, through I which he breathed. "Bot I cannot recada now," be said; "cease to dissuade me, Cle- mente. It may be that the example wiD be salutary. Seeing that I undertake, for the sake of nason and courage, a thing I dislike and fear, the boya may perhaps be impelled to set with lesa absolute obedience to their own preferences. We Mexicans ot the younger generation an a selfish lot. Gin me tba hammer," be added, turning back to the others, aa he threw the point ot his cloak over bis shoulder. This wnp of Pepe's was oae ot his whims-an affectation, said tba malicious. But it waa not that. The intense patriotism of the young fellow made him cling to tba loag Spanish cape ot his fore- fathers-surely the most graceful garment a maa caa wear-while his comrades disported themselves in coats or nisten of the latest French or English eat. Throwing then over his shoulder one long end ot bis capa, and tucking under ita droop- ing folds the hammer and the big clumsy spike. Pepe stepped away m the darkness, up the gloomy streets between the low bouses, whees dark and forbidding lascadas gan BO jBroBBaa of hospitality to be found with "He is gone," said Clemente Alisada, re- entering the house. "I nw bim tara the corner of the ' Green Devil " Toa should not han watched him oat of aight," said one of the yoong men, u that bring« evil fortune." " Now croak, yon 1" snapped (tenante vici- ously, in the stress of bis nervous forebod- ings, and went oat to stand sloss in tbs àûûed patio, mon ead more displacing Pepe's undertaking. « Aad I might han prevented it, if I had not been a tool," he nattered, .' what wen easier than to ban sent a hint to the Jefatura, and the pertest would han BO moved that the guard of the gmveyard weald han missed his stolen key, aad watch would han been kept. Better that Pepi should pay a mutta, ot even take a turn ia the lock-up, rather that get diptheria, os typhus ia the miasmas among the gnvnl" Thea the others came ont langhing, ead dragged bim to the card-table, when still he would not play, bat sat gmwering at thc same. Aa hoar omni hy. another tWO hoOTS. and Allande could bear it no longer, bal sprang to his feet with aa oath ot disturb- ance. " Two hoon, sad Peps not bent Some evil has assailed him I We must go to hil relief." "And find bim snugly in bed," sneered Pablo Nunez ; "he bas been borne aa hoar, or-quien, sabe?-perhaps he waa not sc scrupulous aa to go to the graveyard a) ear " It does not particularly become jon Nunez, to sneer and throw aspersions or Pepe's courage, when it is at your instiga tion he baa gone into the absurd and uselest adventure. It might be interesting to seel . cause for your pique against bira I" " Ona need not go far for that," mamaree another of the young men, "only down to tm corner of Guadalupe, when Aurelia Min montez lives." « At all erents," said Clemente, "I ehalt go to Pepe. Toa who wEl may come. How- ever, I have no faith in ghosts, and I ern go alone." Bat tlie crowd were fairly shamed by Al« Iande'a spirit, and, moved by self reproach, and, also, no doubt, by curiosity, they trooped out with bim, barring only Nunez, who slunk away to his bed. The graveyard paths were dismal in their stark bareness, that left the palpable darkness unrelieved and pressing like material substance on tba pil- grims. Tba leader st<mpeA short taha rounded a tall and massive monumant that eon osais d tba particular space ot tba. watt where thais quest lay. Something undoubtedly waa there, a denser ooncrete shape against the formless blankness of the night and the shadows from the wan. Something, too, in human sem- blance, and in the uncertain light shed by tba lantern's flame, flickering and waving in tba riotous gale, it seemed to straggle and writhe, aa if in mortal throes, or elsa ia tba strain of cambat. Clemente dashed toward with a wild cry. "Pepe! oh, Pepe ! To the rescue I" He reached the spot and bat one figure was there; bowing and swaying, beading ead reeling in fantastic movement, as if wrestling with its own shadow, projected in grotesque, unearthly proportions opon the wall. Clemente threw his arms about the other's waist, and strove to restrain and to drag him aside. A passive and inert bot powerful re- sistance was the result. By this time the other's had gathered around^and one of them threw the lantern's rays foll on Pepe Mur hua's face. Then a cry of fear and horror went up from all throats, so ghastly was that pallid countenance, set in the rigid lines of mortal agony and despair. "WAI yon not help to free him?" cried demente. M Are you alTparalysed Î Come, see what bolds him, so I can lay bim down I I think he is grasping something on the watt." But none ot the panic-stricken crew would move, and Clemente himself, stu! supporting the other, sought to reach along the rigid arms, to detach them from their hold. Both arma hung free ; one stiffened hand still held the heavy hammer. Then, with a sudden light breaking on his mind, the faithful Clemente caught at the folds of the ample Spanish cape, flapping and waving airily in the wind, and tried to tear them away from the form of bia friend. The resistance which he encountered confirmed this belief, that bad taken shape tardily, thanks to the dim and shifting, uneven light. With a few words of explanation which de- prived the incident of ita supernatural sapees, he rallied his stiffened companions, prompt enough to act where only material torees were concerned. The nature ot the occur- rence was plain. Blown by the fitful wind, the folds of Pepe's cloak had been pierced by the heavy spike, whose broad, flat bead had effectually held the strong doth and pinned the young man to the walL Alone there ia the night,with such awesome cjrenmwtanoa od limn and jinn, the munitions had nnhslanoail his jadgment when ha bad sssoisdtofladhñ» selt in the grasp et smnstbing, tmsesa, am known. Sot hid tb« poor lsd succumbed to fear alon«. Tha family physician of the Mu r boas had long ago diagnosed a weakneea of tba haart, brought on or aggravated by Fepe'a prower* in Said aporta, and any excels of mental or spiritual emotion mast bara re salted fatally. Tba knowledge of his condi- tion had been kept from Pepe, with a view to .verting the fate that enlightment might have spared him. He was boned near the spot where death had met him, bot his name is not forgotten. The graceful fashion of the Spanish cloak ia coming into favor again in Mexico, but never ean bs found a youth ot San Felippe who will don the garment that ia known aa "tba abroad of Pepe Marhaa." Ambition--Ambition when not allowed to become a ruling passion, isa good thing to possess. It ia an incentive to many a noble deed. It is closely allied to bravery also, for a coward is without the quality, and weald rather slink to the rear than rush to tba front to taos the enemies' guns for the ébanos of honor or fame. He would sooner save himself from a threatened danger than have the glory ot helping a friend toavoid it. Many ecus are made on ita followers by am- bition, and a devotion to it results sometimes in sorrow and care, instead ot tho anticipated pleasure and happiness. There is "the vaulting ambition which o'erleaps itself,"and leaves the devotee in the lurch. The man who acta himself to gather riches and make for himself a name, often draws the coveted prize and reaps the reward for which he bas striven. Bot at what a cost ! At the sacri- fice of his best years ; the denial of all soft i cuing love and domestic happiness ; tba ; fresh, innocent impulses of youth suppressed, j and all tho higher and nobler feelings gradu- ally deadened, till he finds he is at last a soe i eesafuL great, but an intensely solitary man. His ambition, however, is gratified, and tba gaol for which be aimed is won, and with that ha must bo contented. The ease long looked for never comes, and as he has sown so most be reap, his heart closed to those in- fluences which make old age bearable and the coveted riches like Dead Sea ashes. The aspirant never masters tba shibboleth of the sat he affects, and the thousand little dagger-like thrusts and snobs unconsciously dealt by those born in the purple are aa bitter things, suffered in uncomplaining ai lenee and secrecy, but ever sinking deseas and deeper, ending at last in utter denutaS sation, for tba inner magie cítele ie notar truly broken to admit aa outsider. 