A FAREWELL TO ALCOHOL. , (By Frank Hutchinson.) Spirit of all most evil ; Spirit called fitly devil ; Hear me, thy bond-slave, defy thee, denounce thee, Breaking thy fetters, for ever renounce thee ! Oh ! I grant your ancient right, Goddess-born — when gods got tight. (Fairer then your! form than now, Only vine-lea.ves round your brow.) Yet I rather think you came From some nether-realm qc flame, Brewed by super-demon skill In Beelzebub's own still, Out of all the tears find doles Of accurst, yet cursing soula, That to swell his horrid hosts, Ne'er might lack despairing ghosts, Mnking for old earth a worse Even than the primal curse. u Nectar of the Gods/' forsooth J There's another name, ' Heirs-broth,' Holds, methinks, a truer sound, As the rolling years go round;, Rolling, rolling^rolling, rolling, Ever thy glad death-peal tolling, Toiling1 for the young, the old, Wise and witty, brave and bold, Genius, beauty, as the sea Slays its victims, slain by thee. As the sea ! Ah ! kinder far Fate of wildest waters' war, Than the fiery flood which sweeps Into its insatiate deeps — Deeps no depths insidious Hide shapes half so hideous — Sweeter things than sweetest'life, Dearer things than child or wife — Love the truest, friendship tried, Youth's fair promise, manhood's pride, Age's honour, name and fame, Sunk in foulest pits of shame. Yes, I know your seeming fair ; Spirit gay and debonair ! And thelgenerous disguise, Promise of your laughing eyes ; And the glamour of your tongue- Softer than e'erjjCirce flung; And the magic of your touch Giving strength and courage (Duteli) E'en to cowards, and each wile Of your dimple- beaded smile, Lending — flattering, fond pretence Wit to dulness, blockheads sense, Fair to foul, or, as they say, Turning midnight into day ; Masking all, but most yourself, Seeming but a sprightly elf, Born^of sun-beams and the flow'ra, Sent to charm the weary hours. Yes, I grant your fairy claim ; But such sun-beams as, aflame, On the blasted desert fall, And the flowers, poison all. So a long, a last farewell, Spirit of the deepest hell ! ' Think, the pleasant hours we've known \' Pleasure bought with sigh and groan. ' Visions, too, so fair and bright 5' Turned to horrors the next night. ' All your troubles, cares forgot \' But to make a bigger blot. ' And your friends, that jovial crew I' Grateful legacy to you. ' Still, at last, at last, there's peaoe \' Cease, false, filthy tempter, cease. That, the worst of ail thy wiles ; Grinning Death behind thee smiles. Nought contents thee but the whole ; First the body, then the soul. But, by all my hopes divine, Thou shalt have no soul of mine. Backed and ruined, thro3 each joint Piereeth thy infernal point, But the soul thou shalt not kill, Fallen it defies thee still. E'en the ruin thou hast wrought Shall not cost another thought, Save for those that; ruin shared, Faithful hearts we neither spared. Ah ! 'tis there thine arrow sticks ; Where is rest when memory pricks ? But for this, I'd almost bid theo Go in peace, so I be rid fchee. Demon, thou hast done thy worst, Yet for this be aye accurst. Spirit of all most evil ; Spirit called fitly devil ; Hear me, thy bond-slave, defy thee, denounce thee, Breaking thy fetters, for ever renounce thee I An Exposure. — We direct attention to the report elsewhere of an alleged exposure of the authorship of the forged Paraell letter in the Times. The exposure is made by gentlemen in. the highest commercial positions in an important American city. Wn republish this week verges, entitled ' A Ballad of the Boyne,' which appeared in Uiiited Ireland . of the Litest date to hand. The sentiments are noble and beautifully expressed, while the ballad is set to the exquisite, air of ' The Kerry Dance.' 