The Rev. C H. Spurgeon. HIS: WITHDRAW ATj FROM THE BAPTIST ; TTNION. 'LoNDOtf, October 27 — 'The Eev C. H. Spurgeon, the celebrated minis ter of the london Tabernacle, has determined to withdraw from the Baptist Union, in consequence of divergence of views in doctrinal ques . tions. He refuses to continue in the TTYiinn of. tVlA OTnnnan Or rriuinor lin Ilia belief in the doctrine of the atono , mont of Christ and in the personality ; of the Holy Ghost. He justifies his belief in salvation by faith, and in the ' , doctrine of eternal punishment, which some members deny.' This cablegram, recently published (says the Mel \- lourne Telegraph, has created a pro . found sensation amongst all denomina tions of the religious world, but more particularly among the body with ?which Mr. Spurgeon has been so long identified. In a conversation which a representative of this paper had yea ..-??' terday with the Eev. Allan W. Webb, the pastor of tho Albert street Baptist Church, and. one of the leading clergy men of the city, that gentleman spoke in this way of the matter : — Tho Baptist Union is a Union of ?' the Evangelistic Baptist Church, not ' ' necessarily Calvinistic, for they are ?'?'.. Calvinistic and Armenian in one, and ? ' neither aro regarded in any case as :;'-! 'qualifying to anyone to become ' '' member, but on the question of th . ? . atonement tho union ia unanimous, and it is impossible that Mr. Spur geon should have pevered himself on account of this. I will tell you what /I think it means. Mr. Spurgeon re ''-*??--?, ceii'lv, in a mag.r/.ino recently pub iiud and edited by himself, 'The ?yord and tho Trowel,' has writteao series of articles which he calls 'On tho Down Grade,' and in which he endea vours to shj\v that tho tendency of the Nonconformists of tho presont clay is to depart from the tenets of the Evangelical religion, and accept the broad teaching of Congregationalists. Amongst the Baptists there are a few who manifest the same tendency, who deny tho vicariousuess of Christ's punishment, belief in eternal punish ment, and the personality of tho Holy Spirit. But on this point Dr. Tres trail, an eminent English authority, says that he could count theao men who have departed from the original belief on his finger*. My impression is something like this. The meetings of the Baptist Union are being held at this tirua in Sheffield, and I expect Mr. Spurgeon has sought to have some emphatic pronunciation on the part of fctte uatoa which would exclude these : fev mea, ami ia ail probability this 1 fara becta refused, the union declining toi Wv«.« rtietji as its rules in order to sufcit*^ )fc. Syaaww. so he has with ' cfetMet few* &.. ^T&f; TSapJists an\ a* a !$ihi(ft&fi-iUMK;& so *« to c-i* hsrvUr psr I Iffinft 3fe. S&-rrs«ffl -xGfesp?*wd ! tarring * Snt sfctaS ?a 55-s ssusw nay I tbc iioiigsc otte yi-s 5,-fewnic extracts ? mmis Swan nibs £ra of £js articles an [ 'i&ttrafcsr; 'WVcS Ctocwraiaar lie Down ;? ©ssBjv* :s *I&s; Srerd sdd Trowel.' ;'25ja?s » ays: — *Xo lorer of the ; Gc«ps! «.a coaceal from himself the »rS tist tie d»ys sre evil. -Ve sre willing ro mike a discount from our appreie3sk)ns on the score of natural liaidity, the caution of age, and the weakness produced by pain ; but yet oar solemn conviction is that things are much worse in many ehurches than they seem to be, and are rapidly tending downward. Kead those news papers which represent the broad school of dissent, and ask yourself how much farther could ihey go ? What doc trine remains to be abandoned ? 'What other truth to be the object of con tempt? A new religion has been initiated which is no more Christianity than chalk is cheese, and this religion, beingdestitute of moral honesty, palms itself off as the old faith, with slight improvements, and on this plea usurps pulpits which were erected for gospel preaching. The atonement is scouted, the inspiration of scripture is derided, the holy Bpirit is degraded into an influence, the punishment of Bin is turned into fiction, and the resurrection into a myth, and yet these enemies of our faith expect us to call them brethren, and maintain a confederacy with them ! ' In another place he says — ' The fact is, many would like to unite the church and stage, cards and prayer, dancing and sacraments. If we are powerless to stem this torrent we can at least warn men of its existence, and entreat them to keep out of it. When cold faith is gone and enthusiasm for Gospel is extinct, it is no wonder that people seek something else in the way of AaMtrhh T,nnTrincr Hwarl fcllATT T«prJ nn ashes ; rejecting the way of the Lord, they run greedily in the path of folly.' Further on, he writes in this forcible style — ' The case is mournful. Certain ministers are making infidels. Avowed atheists are not a tenth as dangerous as those preachers who scatter doubt and stab at faith. A plain man told us the other day that two ministers had de rided him because he thought we should pray for rain. A gracious woman be moaned in my presence, that a precious promise in Isaiah which had comforted her had been declared by her minister to be uninspired. It is a common thing to hear working men excuse their wickedness by the statement that there is no Hell — ' the parson says so.1 But we need not prolong our mention of painful facta. Germany was made un believing by her preachers, and England is following in her track. Attendance at places of worship is declining, and reverence for holv things is vanishing, and we solemnly believe this to be largely attributable to the scepticism which has flashed from the nulnit and spread among the people. Possibly the men who uttered the doubt never in tended it . to go so far, but none the less they have done the ill and c&nnot; undo it. Then our observations ought to teach them better. Have these ad vanced thinkers filled their own chapels ? Havo they, after all, prospered through discarding tho old methods ? Possibly in a few cases genius and tact have carried these gentry over the distinctive results of their ministry, but in many cases their pretty new theology ban scattered their congregations. In meet in' houses, holding 1,000 or 1,200 or 1,500, places once packed to the ceiling with ardent hearers, how small are the numbers now ? We would mention in stances, but we forbear. Tho places which the Gospel filled the new non sense has emptied, and will keep empty.' Towards the conclusion he speaks in this way : — ' It now becomes a serious question how far those who abide by the faith once delivered to the saints should fraternise with those who have turned aside to another gospel. Christian love has its claims, aad divisions are to be shunned as grievous evils, but how far are we justified in being in confederacy with those who aro departing from tho truth 1 It is a difficult question to answer so as to keep the balance of tho dutioB. It is one thing to overleap all boundaries of denominational restriction for iho truth's sake; this we hope all godly men will do more and more. It is quite anothor policy which would urgo ub to subordinate the maintenance of truth to denominational prosperity and unity. Numbers of easy-minded people wink at error so long as it is committed by a clover man and a good natured brother, who has so many fino points about him. Let each believer ^ udge for himsolf ; but for our part we have put fresh bolts to our door, and we have given orders to keep the chain up, for under colour of begging the friendship of the servant, there are those about who aim at robbing the Master.' ' Wo fear it is hopeless ever to form a society which can keep out men base enough to profoss one thing and believe another, but it might be possible to make an informal alliance among oil who hold tho Christianity of their fathers. Little as they might be able to do, they could at least protest, and as far as possible free themselves of that complicity which will be in volved in a conspiracy of silence. If for ;i while the evangelicals are doomed to go down, let them die fighting, and in the full assurance that their Gospel will have a resurrection when the in inventions of ' modern thought ' shall be burned with fire unquenchable.' In the light of the above it is easy to understand Mr. Spurgeon's action. The probable outcome of it will, it is feared, be the formation of a new denomination, and in that case the rev. gentleman would have many followers, for it is stated that quite one-third of the Baptist ministers of England and Wales have been trained in his college, and would naturally throw in their lot with him. 