fptetae. A FAIR CRUSADER A STORY OF TO-DAY. BY WILLIAM WESTALL, Author of ' The Thantom City,' ' Rei By vinpton,''' Two Pinches of Snuff,' 'The Old Factory,' &c;, &c.; [Published fov special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved] Chaptee XXIV.— Liver ok Love ? An hour later Edward Brandon was at Wild Hoses, telling his Aunt Mary his errand. She seemed almost stupefied. ' George ill 1' she exclaimed, ' not able to eat ! I can hardly believe it. Why, he is the strongest and healthiest man I ever knew. Of course, he most have a doctor, and though I did say ? But sever mwa snat, a wm go w j? airuueau this very afternoon. No wonder we have seen nothing of him lately. But why didn't somebody write to me ?' ' That 1b inore than I can tell yon. I only got home last night. You will come Immediately, then ? It is very desirable you should.' 'Immediately ! T will ask Mrs. Pein betton to let me have the phaeton, aad I am sure Lucy will drive me over.'' This proposal was acted on forthwith, and Ked rode with the ladies to Fairmead, keeping mostly on Miss Pemberton's side of the carriage, perhaps because. his aunt seemed indisposed for conversation, as-in truth she was, her mind being much exercised about her brother. Ned's account of him had alarmed her. Her Jife, moreover, had been «o full of sorrow and disappointment that she was always disposed to expect the worst. 'Poor George!' she thought. 'If anything happens to him it will be just like my luck. . . The only relative or friend who cares for me ? What can it be ? Surely not love ! No ! George Brandon is not the sort of man to die of love. Did any man ever die of love ? I doubt it ; they haven't it in them. Still there is something ? I read it in his face the last time I saw him, — when he was at Wild jRoses. It may have been liver, bat it lookedagood deal more like love ? I/ucy ? No. Lucy admires him and, I daresay, would have him if he asked her. All the same, she is heart-whole — yet. There would be no cause for him to pine about her. It must be other then. She seemed very quiet and low after he was gone, and on the following day went off to London. Yes, that would explain a great many things. He didn't deny it either, only said something about the absurdity of supposing he could fall in love with armarried woman, and so threw him off the scent. Absurd perhaps, bub unfor tunately not impossible, and never was if the decalogue is anything to go by. Oh, it is just like a male creature to go and losejhis heart£to another man's wife — above all a convict's wife — when he has a whole -world of single women to pick and choose, from ! If it is so, something must be done, or there will be further trouble. But, after all, that cannot be the cause of his illness. George is too much of a man to lose his appetite for any woman. I musb see him and hear what the dostor says, and then I shall have to pat on my considering cap.' She did see him, and was appalled to find what a portentous change a few days had ?wrought in her brother's appearance. His limbs were visibly shrunken, his cheeks hollow, and his voice was weak and Bhaky. 'Not see a doctor 2' she exclaimed. * ' Only a temporary loss of appetite 1 You will be all right in a few days ! Yon mean, I suppose, that yon will be in your cofliu. Don't you see, you foolish boy, that this inability to eat is an effect not a cause, probably the effect of a very simple cause. A doctor worth his salt would tell you what it is in five minutes, and cure you in as many days. I suppose you don't want to die ?' George laughed faintly, and admitted that he had no particular wish to join the great majority just yet. ' Well, then, you must have a doctor at once. Which shall it be ? There are two at Fairmead. Doctor Sandford, a practitioner of the old school, intensely respectable, prosy, and orthodox, and ex tremely popular with nursing mothers and little babies. The other, Doctor Mostyn, is a young fellow almost .fresh from college, but very scientific and that, and he has the reputation of being clever.' ' I give in, Mary ; no use trying to re sist you,' said George, with a sigh. ' It is very kind of you, I am sure, to give me a choice of masters, for when you once call in a doctor your liberty Is gone. Send for the young fellow by all means. He is on Ms promotion, and will doubtless do his level best to pull me round as soon as possible ; and that prosy, pompous chap 1 am cure I cannot abide. He came when I hurt my ankle.' ' Yon are right. Ladies' doctors are xny abomination^ they are too glib, smooth, and oily to be clever. If my poor boy were only here and in his right mind ! For whatever may be his faults of conduct, nobody can deny that he is clever. I shall send Ali for Doctor Mostyn then f' ' Do. He will no doubt want to look at my tongue, ausculate my heart, sound my liver, and all that sort of nonsense, besides asking me no end of ridiculous questions, and the sooner I get it over the better.' Ali was sent off forthwith — nothing loath — and found the doctor at horns, who, as George had suggested, being on hiB promotion and keenly solicitous for patients, lost no time in responding to the summons. . A young man he was, but rather portly withal, and affecting a gravity of manner more befitting 50 or 60 years than the six or Beven:and-twen^y he had actually attained, yet possessing in full measure two qualities without which a physician, however learned in theory, is of very little use In practice — sympathy and faculty of quick observation. ' Yon are Buffering from dyspepsia,' he said, after asking his patient a few ques tions. 'That is quite clear. There is also considerable nervous disturbance. I cannot say as much for the cause, though. Your liver seems quite healthy, and there is notliing in your habits ? . Did you ever have anything of the sorb before?' 'Never been off my feed or unable to sleep at nights in my life before, and the last night or two I have hardly slept a wink.' 'Never knew you had either stomach or nerves, In fact,' said Mostyn, with a smile. 'Strange! Dyspepsia generally comes on gradually, and gives a man ample warning before it assumes eo severe a form. However, I think we shall soon have you all right— always provided you strictly follow my injunctions.' ' Tell me what to do, and I will do it,' said George, resignedly. ' I am in your hands.' 'Well, in the first place you must knock off your morniDg tea. I shall allow you neither tea nor coffee. Take instead a glass or two of new milk, as early as you like ; then, an hour later, a freshly laid egg beaten up with two teaspoonfuls of old brandy. Never mind whether you like it or not — swallow it. At noon another glass or two of milk and a slice or two of cold toast. Wash it down with the milk if the dryness of your mouth pre vents you from swallowing. I shall also send you a mixture which you must take as directed, and about the middle of the day I will see you again. For supper to night the yolk — mind, only the yolk — of a lightly- boiled egg. I mean that you must make yourself take it, however disagree able it may be — as if it were medicine, in fact.' 'So it will be,' said George wearily. 'That is the strange part of it. I have no desire for food whatever — the mere smell of it nauseates me, and eating is a painful operation. However, I will follow your directions to the letter, and Eee what comes of it. But it will be a trial, going without iny tea. It is the only thing I care for.' Mre. Minton, who had been anxiously waiting to hear the result of the examina tion, waylaid the doctor as he was leaving the house. 'Well,' she said, 'what do you think ? Is he as ill as he looks — dange- rously ill, I mean — or la it juat a severe attack of indigestion ?' ' I do not think your brother is in any immediate danger,' answered Doctor Mosfcyn gravely and cautiously, ' bub I cannot say there is no cause for anxiety. If the malady had been allowed to go on a few days longer unchecked — if you had not called anybody in, I mean — the con sequence might have been very serious.' **' Bat yon think now ? 2' ' I think now that with care we may have him all right in a few days. But I am not infallible, you know, and it is a queer, and in seme respects, rather a mysterious case.' ' Queer and mysterious ?' ' I mean that though, the diagnosis pre sents no particular difficulty the cause of your brother's illnesB is decidedly obscure. I was remarking only the other day that I hardly ever saw a man of more splendid vitality or with an apparently sounder constitution. His habits too seem to have been most regular, and he never had dyspepsia in his life before ; yet this at tack comes on, so far as 1 can learn, with out any preliminary symptom or assignable cause. I can only suppose that he has eaten, without knowing it, something ex tremely indigestible — perhaps gone on eating it for several days. However' — smiling — 'the cause is a secondary matter ; our present concern is to cure him. 'Who looks after frim 1' 'My sister-in-law, Mrs. Brandon, exercises a sort of general superinten dence, I believe. She is in town to-day. But Ali, my brother's Indian servant, is really his nurse, and takes better caxe of him than any woman, or at any rate, any woman in this house, could or would do.' ' Good J It is to Ali I must give my directions, then. Shall I have the pleasure of seeing you here to-morrow, Mrs. Minton ?' ' Very likely. I shall certainly come every day until my brother is better, whether Mrs. Brandon likes it or not.' Dr. Mostyn looked surprised, but he was too discreet to aek questions which concerned neither himself nor his patient, and shortly afterwards he went his way. Mary was not long in following his ex ample. She bad no particular wish to see Rufine, who might now be back at any moment, and her conscience rather pricked her for keeping Lucy Pemberton waiting eo unconscionable a time. But Mary's misgivings on thiB score were quite un necessary, that young woman having passed a very pleasant hour with Ned in the billiard- room and garden. The drive home was rather slow — In more senses than one, for the old cob never went at a very tearing pace — and Mary was too much occupied with her thoughts to care about talking ; and Lucy, guessing her friend's wishes, did not ply her with many questions. TO hen they were about a mile from Wild Roses, and in a part of the forest where the trees, meeting overhead, lend to the scene, especially when the sun is low or the day gloomy, a weird and melancholy aspect, a man came out of the thicket, some fifty yards lower down, and after pausing a few seconds in the middle of the road, glided again into the wood. ' Good heavens 5' exclaimed Mary clutching her companion 's^-arm. 'That man — did you — did you see ? ¥' ' Yes, I saw a man. Nothing alarming in that 1 hope ? He was clothed, and no doubt in his right mind, and vanished as suddenly as he appeared.' ' That man, Lucy, is my poor boy— my husband, I mean — or his ghost. I saw the face distinctly.' Chapter XXV.— A Rasdom Shot. When Mrs. Brandon returned from town, about an hour after Mrs. Minton had left Fairmead, she did not seem at all pleased with the turn which things had taken during her absence. 'You might have waited till I came back,''' she said to Ned. 'Excuse me, mater, but I really don't see why. And as both my father and yourself thought somebody should be called in, and as I could not prevail on George myaelf, I went for Aunt Mary. Everybody knows she has more influence over him than anybody else.' ' Ah, you think so,' said Bufine, with an ill-concealed sneer. ' I am sure. The proof of the padding is in the eating. Aunt Mary came and the doctor has been.' ' What doctor ? I wanted to see him myself. Your ancle is in my charge, re member. You sent for Dr. Sandford, of course ¥' 'I sent for nobody; bub Ali, I pre sume by hiB master's orders, fetched Mostyn, and Mostyn came, and will no doubt come again,' answered Ned wwmly; for his step-mother's manner was even more offensive than her matter, j She Beemed to be in a state of great j nervous irritation. ' They should have sent for Sandford. Why didn't they Herid for Sandford ?' ' Probably because George considers Sandford an old woman — and he is quite right. I wouldn't let him doctor a con sumptive cat — unless I wanted it to die.' 'That is what you think. And this other man, Dr. Mostyn, what does he say?' 'That George is suffering from a severe bout of dyspepsia and some nervous derangement; but that he will have him right in a few days.' 'Oh! he saya that, does he? Well, let me tell you that he is wrong, this clever doctor of yours. He does not understand the case. I tell you George Brandon will not get better in a few days — perhaps never.' ' You did not Bay so this morning. You seemed to think there was not much the matter with Mm. Perhaps you don't want him to get better.' A random shot, but It told. Rufiae' drew in her horns immediately. ' I spoke hastily,' she answered. ' I was so excited at the idea of poor George being improperly treated that I knew not what I was saying. How can you be so cruel? Not want George to get better. Why I would almost give my life for him. Next to your father there is no one I so much respect. That is why I am so vexed that they sent for this very young man, in whom, I frankly admit, I have no confidence.' ' Young. Why, he is eight and twenty if he is a day, and serious enough for seventy.' 'Well, twenty-eight is young for a doctor. However,, if I am wrong, tant mieux. It will be-all the better for poor dear George. Time will show who is right, and I shall be only too glad if I am wrong.' It seemed as if Rufine was likely to have abundant reasons for gladness. When Dr. Mostyn catne on the following day he found a decided improvement in his patient's condition. George had taken his mixture, drunk hia milk, eaten four eggs instead of two, and two slices of toast instead of one, and was now anxiously waiting to know what else he might eat ; and feeling, as he said, ready to tackle a beef steak or even a small leg of mutton. The young doctor looked pleased ; the correctness of his diagnosis was being proved by the Buccess of his treatment. 'It is as I thought,' he said, with a grave satisfaction, in almost ludicrous constrast with his years. ' You were suffering quite as much from inanition as from dyspepsia. You were sick and sleep less because your stomach had nothing to do. There are occasions when it is neces sary to force oneself to eat. But I don't ; think I can allow you to eat a leg of mutton at a sitting just yet; you are still very weak, and we must proceed cautiously, or your second condition will be worse than your first.' And then he gave such further directions as he thought necessary. One was to continue taking the mixture, which it may be as well to mention Dr. Mostyn prepared in his own Burgery. ' I suppose I may go out for an hour or two ?' asked George. 'Certainly not — at any rate to-day. The quieter you remain for the present the better. I don't think you have any idea how weak you are. You could no more walk downstairs than you could fly to the moon. A few days more and you would have been unable to rise from your bed, and your recovery might have been an affair of weeks. ' ' Can you account for it yet ?' ' Not altogether. Even if you have unwittingly eaten something extremely indigestible, that would not sufficiently explain all your symptoms. Have you had any severe mental shock, or serious anxiety — about business, for instance Vs 'Yes. I have had both, though the cause in quite unconnected with business. Still, I don't think — 1 mean, if I may speak frankly, that I am not the sorb of man — that I have too much common sense and savoirfaire to let myself be physically prostrated by a disappointment, however great.' ' No, you do not look like a man who is much given to despondency. The dis appointment might bs a contributory cause, but it could hardly be the efficient cause.' ' Very slightly the cause, I should say j for it exists yet — the anxiety, I mean ; but, as you see, I am better, thanks to your treatment.' 'Yes. After all the cause must be mainly physical, and it cannot be wroEg to go on as we have begun. Continue the milk and eggs ; eat also some fruit, and you may have a mutton chop or some roast fowl for dinner, but whatever you do, keep quiet, aad worry yourself as little as may be.' ChapiebXXVI, — A Letter from Lewis. 'Not worry myself,' soliloquised George, when the doctor was gone ; 'all veTy fine, but how am I to help worrying ? And the quieter I keep the worse I am. He may say what he likes, but if I feel as much better to-morrow as I feel to-day, I will have either a drive or a ride before the week is over.' Nevertheless, George could not help feeling that he had not been quite as candid with Dr. Mostyn as he ought to have been. The disappointment, as he called it, lay heavier on George's soul than he liked to own. Since his memor able interview with Evelyn In the forest he had hardly known a moment's peace. His moods varied from the extremity of depression to paroxysms of rage. He had a ehrewd suspicion that, after all, the cause of his illness was more moral and mental than physical, though he did not want anybody to think so, and he was glad that Mostyn had not questioned him more closely. His disquiet and anxiety were aggravated by Evelyn's silence. There was no particular reason why she should write to him, there were perhaps good reasons why she Bhould not write to him, for albeit he had asked her to be his mistress, and was by no means resolved that he should not ask her again. He had a morbid dread of injuring her reputation, or doing anything that might compromise her with her friends. 'How could I look Somsrs la fche face?:5hethotign.t. 'How teU them in India ? If .... We would go to some foreign country and never set foot in Eng land again. Curse that fellow. I wish I had him by the throat. No, it wouldn't be murder. But there is no chan.ee of that. I see no way out of it, no gleam of light any where. . . Had I not better give it all up and go back to India before woree happens ?' He knew quite well that he should do nothing of the sort, that he could not give Evelyn up if he would, and would not if he could. But whatever might be the cause, he was in a condition of extreme nervous agitation, the weakness of his body seemed to have a reflex action on his mind, and he who had never before known what it was to halt between two opinions, resolved one hour only to rue the next. His irresolution extended even to the merest trifles. It was with the greatest difficulty that he could decide whether he would lunch on a mutton chop or roast fowl, and he ended by ordering both, deferring his final decision until he ehould see them both before him on the table. Bather to his surprise he eucceeded in demolishing one and part of the other, and feeling thereafter better in body and much less miserable in mind, he thought he would read his letters. He had glanced at their outsides earlier in the day, but not seeing any handwriting that looked like Evelyn's, did not take the trouble to open them. The first he took op was from General Somers, asking him to dinner on the following Monday. ' I'll go, of course,' mnngasred George, 'if only on the off-chance of seeing i Evelyn or hearing something about her.' There were two other invitations, one to dinner from an old Bombay acquaint ance who lived at the West Eud, and a third to a garden party at Barnet. George laughed. ' A nice figurei should cat at a garden party, 'he thought, as he took up a third letter. 'Why I look like a scarecrow and totter as I walk. £ should frighten them all. Who w this from, I wonder? Never had a letter from this chap before. Ah] Lewin .... Gad! — Can it be true ? Have I read it aright 1' Then, after reading the letter through again, and still again, until every word of it was burnt into his brain, he uttered a cry of exultation and sprung to his feet, but unable to stand from weakness and excitement, he sank back trembling into his chair, bent his head and for the first time since his childhood wept. His ten days illness bad not only paralysed Ms will but weli- nigh. reduced him to the con dition of a hysterical woaiau. The letter ran thus : — ' Dear sir— I have recelvadeome highly important news concerning the convict Conroy, which I hasten to communicate to you. As I hinted when I had the pleasure of seeing you here the other day, I have a powerful friend at the Home Office, upon whom I can always depend to procure for me, without delay, fall information about prisoners in whom any of my clients may be interested. The very day after your visit I put forward an enquiry about Conroy, the answer to which I have just received . The communication in question being strictly confidential and from the official point of view, highly irregular, I am not at liberty either to send you the original duenment or a copy thereof, but if you call here I shall be glad io shosr j you my friend's letter — always excepting the signature — which for obvious reasons I am under a pledge not to disclose. I can, however, state the purport of it in a few words. Conroy is sick and like to die. ) The medical officer at Dartmoor reports that he is in an advanced state of con sumption, and has not long to live. ' It would thus appear that there is every likelihood of Miss Waters being relieved from her bonds without the help of the law, and from that quarter, so far j as I have been able to ascertain, there was nothing whatever to be hoped. The mar riage is unquestionably valid.' 'I have arranged with my friend to i keep me regularly informed as to the pro i gress of Conroy's malady ; and when I i hear from him again I shall not fail to let { you know. So far as Coaroy himaelf is j concerned, death would bs a happy release, j for a man of education such as ha, who has j played a part in the world and occupied a good position in society, penal servi tude is a punishment leally worse than j hanging. ' I am, dear sir, ' Your obedient servant, Jeremiah Lewis.' (To be continued). 