IÇalcsl ¿Jail feit's. A largely attended meeting was held in Brisbane on August 3, to promote State- aided agricultural village settle- ment* Resolutions were unanimously passed : " That facilities are required to ¡ enable persons without- capital to settle I on the lauds of the colony, and the ' state-aided village settlement scheme commends itself as a fit means of accom- plishing that object'' ; and, " That pre- sent system of state-aided immigration being ine.fi'ective as an aid to land settle- ment, and detrimental to welfare of colony, the Government be requested to cease entirely assisting immigration of labour except for agricultural purposes." John Willis Smith, herbalist, of Syd- ney, has been committed to stand his trial for murder, for causing the death of a woman named Bradshaw through administering poisonous drugs with the object of procuring abortion. On the arrival of the Chinese Com- missioners at Cairns, Queensland, they i were accorded the customary entertain1 ment by the boss celestials. The only European present was the Mayor of the town, who delighted the company by discarding knife anti fork and feeding himself by means of the national chop- sticks. A deputation of the local resi- dents also waited on the Commissioners with a plan of the town, and 'made an unsuccessful attempt to induce their Excellencies to invest in some cheap building sites. A powerful Railway League has just been formed at Normanton, with a branch at Croydon, and it is hoped that the united elibrts of both places will soon result in the construction of a connecting railway. A singular case wa3 heard at the Sydney Police Court on August 2. A middle- aged woman was chaarged with being without sufficient means of sup- port. She appeared elaborately dressed, bedecked with ostrich feathers, lace, velvet, jewellery, tte, and as she proved most conclusively that she had various sums at her credit amounting to some hundreds of pounds, she was forthwith discharger!. J The question of employment of j Chinese in tiie Sandhurst mines has j been brought on for discussion in the Victorian Legislative Assembly. A tragedy occurred on the north-west pearling grounds recently, on board tins cutter Mary, when a white mau named Arthur Bell was stabbed in the chest and stomach by a Manilla mau, and died shortly afterwards. His assailant tried to escape by jumping overboard and swimming for the- shore, but was oursued in a boat and captured after au exciting chase. Tlie following is au extract from an article entitled *' Our Mercantile Marine j and Foreign Competition" in the 'Marine j Engineer,' London:-"As regards the ! adjoining dimitry Belgium, the last j published report of the doini Cockerill j Company, the principal shipbuilding and j engineeri.tg linn there, shows that at j the commencement of October, 1880, the ! company had work in hand to the value of nearly Xüüü.Oüü, and that their turn- over in the preceding twelve months was .£1,321,000, with a gross profit of | nearly £i00,000. This "establishment : employs over hm thousand men, and it certainly alfords subject for reflection that, while our own yards and engine shops are in so depressed a condition, and so many or our shipwrights and engineer workmen are unemployed, this German firm should give evidence of advancement in most of the various branches of work which they undertake. ! Te Whiti, the famous New Zealand fighting chief, has been arrested by a regiment of the Permanent Defence Force on a charge of sly grog selling, j A severe struggle took place between j the police and the natives, four hundred ! of the. latter being present, and the Permanent Foiv.e had to fix bayonets i und ai I vance to the relief of the former ¡ before the arrest could be effected. ; Several of the police were, rather badly j injured. I A Paris telegram states that a duel j was recently ai ranged between M. Jules j Ferry and General Boulanger, but tul 1 lapsed owing to the former's seconds ' ri'tüoing to agree to more than one shot j In a Melbourne train r-.-c-mtly, in : carnage, in which were two lady passen j ¿ero, a »Swede, a yoong niau, sudden y j drew forth a pocket pistol, aud opening j h's mouth fired a shot down his throat, j Though he hied profusely, and was cou veyed to the hospital ia a seemingly dying condition, he coughed up tho bullet a day or tw.o afterwards and is now eui ireh recovered. Considerable excitement was caused I in London the latter end of la^t month by the circulation of a rumour lita: t.:e i Prince of Wales was dead. I Commenting on the report of the pro ' Goodings at the recent Imperial C ai ! f eren ce, the Loudon " MOIMI.ig i*.;-, ' ! demands the immediate fortification ui Thursday Island. À Chinaman in sydney recently attempted to commit suicide by disem- bowelling himself, ile Í!i:ü:t'.-.'¡ a wo-nid two and a hair inches m length, from winch some of the abdominal vir, <r,n protruded, and had cut out u handful of fat. During a recent fracas at Foley's White Morse Hotel, thy well-known pugilistic landlord received a tun.'-.' injury to his arm fio:n a Hying tumbler. A recent trial of the Brennan torpedo is said to have been a wonderful !>ucci- si. A swift vessel cruising about at- top speed was repeatedly struck with un- erring accuracy ; the invention is con- sidered invaluable for defence p irpos s. j Herr Krupp, the celebrate.! cannon manufacturer and metal founder of Essen, is dead. Twenty-two regiments are being added to the French army. Irish National Press deli -s the Go- vernment to suppl ess the National Li-ague or enforce the Crimes Act. M. de Lesseps states that he estimates the Australian traffic via the Panama Canal will shortly reach 20 million lons per annum. Prince Ferdinand, newly elected io the Bulgarian throne, has already made himself very unpopular among the army and peasantry, and it is expected he wdl shortly be forced to abdicate. Australian Mutual Provident Society notifies by advertisement a bonus distri- bution for the year of £321,000. Duringa severe gale the freezing hulk in Wellington (N.Z.) harbour broie adrift and went ashore ; six men put oil in a boat to try and rescue her, but the boat capsized and four of the men wei o ilrnwtif'fb Serious encounters are reported be- tween the police and natives, in Auck- land, New Zealand. Former resorted to their revolvers and the latter to tomahawks, and several on both sides were severely wounded. See that you obtain Wolfe's Schnapps. Wolfe's Schnapps has been forty years before the public. Look for £\ orders in large bottles of Wolfe's Schnapps. An Italian papsr announces a strange project, namely, that the Holy Land should be presented to the Pope under the guarantee of all the Catholic Powers -and that the Pope, bearing the titi« of King of Palestine, should continue to re-side in Rome, leaving the administn. tion of his kingdom tc a Vicar-U encrai. A rather startling discovery has been made by the police at Penrith, N.S. W. Several people were reported to have been nearly frightened to death in the neighbourhood by the appearance ol a ghost, and the police were sent to in- vestigate. Whilst searching far thc ghost they discovered a quanti-y of human bones, going to show that a f oul deed had been committed. It ii a strange coincidence that the remains were found close to the spot where the vision is reported to have been seen. A Jubilee fact to moralise upon (says an exchange) is the following, t'tmii&hrd; by Dr. Dawson Burns, that four thou- sand live hundred millions sterling have been spent in alcohol during tho reign of the Queen, surlicient to have blotted out the National Debt five times over. On the Croydon goldfield there is now a population of close on night thousand people, and fears are expressed by thc local papers that during thc coming wet season there will be a great deal ol distress, as even now the teams ou th« road can scarcely convey provisions tc the field fast enough to m ¿ot tim domuaJ. Cobb's extra coach ami others are con- stantly arriving crowded with passen- gers, and the rush continues ia fui! force and from all quarters. 'Mint machines are going, and four more art en route. Carriage from Normanton ;S £14 per ton. Notwithstanding the ap parent payability ot hundreds of reel's over a vast area of country, there is trouble looming ahead, owing to tin totally inadequate crashing pu .er at;t scarcity of water, the impossibility ol laying in sufficient stocks for next wei season, anti the immense numbers 01 people continuing to pour into a purclj reeling district. Use your intelligence and buy onlj Wolfe's Schnapps. A cordial the marvel and admirado, of the world-Wolfe's Schnapps. An Australian Republican Union lias beeu recently formed in Sydney, and already the roll of members numbers numbers some hundreds. Steps are being taken for the formation of branches throughout the colony. German Government has withdrawn its edict against the exportation of horses. M. de Lesseps intends to apply for a further loan of £'.}.G00,000 fm- che com ple.tion of tile Panama Canal. America intends taking part in the approaching Melbourne International Exhibition. It is stated that the B.l.S.N. Co.'s s.s Merkara recently landed at Thursday Island 500 ca^es of whisky and 500 cases of beer-the population is esti- mated at about 4 JU persons. News from Stanley, the explorer, states that he experienced gn at difficulty in victualling his forces in Central Africa in consequence <>f a famine, which was nearly the cause of a mutiny. The total amount spent by the. New South Wales Government in prosecuting the alleged wool invnL; was £3980, Mr. Salomons appropriating £2,152 lüs 6d and Mr. Wiso 1*701 5s (Jd. 