THE LAST MOMENT. - Mr Allison-Smith, iu tho course "of an inter# view tliia morning, stated that ha had n f doubt in his own mind, though ho hod not a ghost of proof, tliat thn causo of Iho engine-driver's and firoincn'H agitation was that tho President 01 thuir Association, nn onginu driver, recently overran his points. Ho was brought before a Board, whoso decision was ponding, and tho agitation was, Mr SniiLh was convinced, set afoot 111 order to affect tho decision that might ho given. Tlm man, added Mr Smith, had a bad record, this being tho fourth chatgu against him. There was a scone this morning in tho Now South Wales Legislative Aaflctnbly,. on tlio occasion of tho prorogration of that tody. Soma jiarticutars are given iu another column. Tho Nu. 9 diamond drill at RillaratEost has pierced a quartz reef 2 feet (J Indies thick at a depth of 1517 feet, but its vnliio Inn nob yet been ascertained. A sample of the quartz is on its way to tho Mining department, and it in hoped tho stuno will provo to hu gold- bearing. ' / Numerous complnints havo been mado of tho manner in whidi small reserves in country dis tricts havo toon disposed of tincc thn passing of the present Land Act. In tlio Assembly this evening Air M'Coll intends lo labia a motion for a return showing what reserves havo been sold in this way. A barmaid from Frank Clark's Hotel sued a young mnn of the masher type, named Wil liams, for £5, in tho District Court to-day. Sho said sho had lent him tlio muney, believing him to ho "a man of proncrtee." But " Hey, willow waly O," ho could not refund. Defen dant said ho was u commission agent, and had spent, in all, £150 in tho hotel. Plaintiff told him to drink, and sho would pay for it, nnd now ho wns served with a bill for tho amount, Hu had written to his solicitor to collect soma money owing him, and he-would then be will, ing to pay. A week's adjournment was granted, the plaintiff audibly expressing her opinion that Mr Williams "wanted kicking." Thcro The closing of tho Alexandra. State school by order of thu local Board of Health on account of its filthy state, which is referred to in this issue under the head of " Notes and Com ments," has been under tho consideration of tho Education department. Tho teacher has been communicated with, and told to have his schuol put into a proper stato ot sanita tion, but lie has declined. His refusal is of an insubordinate 'nature, and further steps will probably bo taken. A deputation from tho Trades' Hall waited upon tiio Chief Secretary this morning 111 rc- fcrcnco to tho inspection of stoatii boilers. Tlio deputation hod not any definite proposal, bub several members spoko of tho great danger thcrowasiuboilersuotboinginspcctcd periodi- . cnlly, and pointed out that many boiler accidents occurred. Mr Drakin pointed oub that tho subject would havo keen dealt with in tho Factories Act, .but private legislation was being brought in at tho same time, and tho promoters of theso private bills complained of their work being interfered with. ' The clauses dealing with boilers wero therefore struck out and tho private legislation did nob meet tho - point, ilo thought buffers ought to bo in spected, and ho asked the deputation to read tho now Bill on tho subject, and make suggca- : tions. .Iu tho County Court this morning an action - was brought by a carpenter named Pixton, for the balance due on a contract that ho had made with Gormley, of .tho British Lion Hotel, to make somu alterations. Tho defence was that the work was performed in an unworkmanlike manner. Tho plaintiff, in a very forcible ! 1 manner, . refused io complete the job. Ib was alleged by Mr Leon, for tho defence, that tho plaintiff had in dulged iu a " big drunk " whilo work was proceeding and had put the bricks together with sand thus beating tlio old Hebraic record in tlio Egyptian era. One of tho witnesses for' tho dcfcnco wKcn asked what condition the plain tiff was in at various times when on tho job, said In a nonchalant way, "Why, wo wns all merry all the way through. We had a high old time, anil ono . on us used to lio down , to it." ; Tlm result of the Job performed under theso circumstances was summed >up hy his Honor Judgo Molesworth giving a verdict for the defendaut. The Customs authorities stato that there is not the slightest truth in the-rumors that the position of Inspector ot Fisheries made vacant by -the death of Captain MaudeviUe is about to be filled up. As we previouly stated the wholo question of fisheries will be carefully considered, and a scheme formulated for their management beforo anything is. done in the way 6f appointments. Tho ' position lias not bccu offered to any ono either in the , department or outside it. A letter appears in the columns of a con temporary this mornimr licaring the signature of "Fred P. Sncwin, master of thcs.s. Titus," '<. in which he makes a couiptaiut against the Melbourne Hospital. Captain Suawiu states . that ou the 29th ulc a . man ' employed on board his vessel, John ' M'iOnzio by name, fell down tho huld, and ' sustained some injuries, and was removed to - tiie Meltourno Hospital, into which ho was ad- initted, but although kept in the institution . for twenty-four hours, was discharged without having his wounds dressed or receiving " any attention. The explanation' given by thu hospital authorities is that- nn being taken there, M'Kcnriu was seen by DrLewellin, the medical superintendent, who examined him, but failed to find any injuries beyoud a few slight abrasions on the face. In view of the fact that the man had fallen down ahold, he was admitted for tlio purpose of observation in case ho should develop any fresh symptoms. After a lapse of about IM hours hu was again examined, and found to be in tbc sauiu condition as on adtuissiuu, and was consequently discharged. It is denied that he had anything thu matter with him be yond the slight abrasions referred to, which did not require treatment. The Cornish mine at Davlesford is one that received ssmo nssistance from tho Prot>i>ecting vote, and it is satisfactory to note that in sinking tin; shaft several gold-bearing quarto veins have bcon paused through. The manager ' reports that there is a strong hope of attaining the abject tlmt induced the company to sink the shaft. The Bulumwnal prospecting party in North Gippstaml reports having prospected Ruverat tributaries of the upper Sandy Creek. A little gold was found, but nothing, payable was dis covered. A deputation of farmers in the district ' passed through waited upon tho Treasurer to day and presented a petition praying to bo excised from the area to be rated for tbo construction of tlio proposed Kerang aud Koomlrook Tramway. TJiia brought up the.' question which arose in connection with water supply ; the works arc wanted, but tho ratepayers da 'not want to (>ay. Mr Gillies, ' in reply, said hu would inform the Kcrang Council of what they Ktatcd aud. then hear what that body bad to nay before arriving at a decision. Frank Johnson, the man who was admitted to tho Alfted Hospital, suffering from a 1 dangerous wound alleged to havo been iuflicted ou him witli au axo by a wood cutter, named Dqefcll, at .Daiidcnuug, is getting oil nicely at tiie institution. A sad case camo beforo the Brunswick Court this morning when nn old man, miserably ', clad, named James Stanley, .was proceeded ' agniuut on n charge of vagrancy. Sergeant Brown stated tlmt accused gavo himself up to > aconfitablu while ou duty in the Sydney Road. Wheu brought to thu watcbtouuc ho was offered a loaf of bread, and told that he . would be allowed to clear out if ho chose. Ho declined, however, and was accordingly placed in the watchhouse. Accused, who is an ' English solicitor, stated that ho bad been teaching at. a private school at Ballarat, but had not been working for the lost four mouths. Hu had been exposed to the heavy rain of Monday night, and only gave himself into custody for protection for the night, thinking ' he would be discharged tho following morning. Accused was discharged on tho understanding that he would leave the district. At tho Brunswick Court this morning 1 young named John Riley was charged with using a horse under circumstance involving' cruelty, and Wm. Riley with permitting tbo same to be used. Evidence was given by Constable Williams that on Wednesday last his attention was drawn to the horse in question, which was attach od to a dray leaded with lime, by a man on- (m . Sydney road. Upon examination it was found . to havo a. sore, the size of a crowd, on the shoulder, which was swollen ; and also a large ' «orc of about six inches, which was raw, the skin, having apparently knen chafed off. The first namou defendant said tlm homo had been paddocked for a week, ou nccountaf surcs 5 but- . when ho left homo nn tho day mcutioned it woe in good urder. Tho hoavy roods had caused : the chafing. He was fined 5a, with 7s fid cost, and tho charge against the owner was die- ' missed. The foreman of -tho- Insurance - Company's Fire Briliade, Daniel Loughridse, who woe . seriously injured by being thrown out of a can whilst proceeding to a fire at Strath Melbourne on Wednesday last, is able to get about agam. He left tho Melbcrarno Hospital to-day . 1 . The annual meeting of the Baptist Home Mission will be held in 'the To«n Hall to morrow eveniug. Tea will be on the at : six. o'clock. . ,V ! It is the intention of tlio Anglo-Australian Football Association to givo a complimentary ' dinner to the New South Wales team at the' CathodraV Hotel, Swanston street, in' Sotar- 1 day ovening next, after tbef. match on the Eash ; Molbourno Grouud. ; Tho Factories and Shops Act'eontaiha a pro vision compelling all drivers of engines, except , those who have been in charge of tbem for IS 1 montha previous to tho passing of the Act, to' - paesei» certificates from the Enginednras. Board. The olanae is, however, practically %, dead letter, and con only bo put in forco by ao amendment of the , measure in whicfi appears. 