AT WHAT A COST! aix eights beskrved. BY THE T.ATR HUGH CONWAY. Author of " Called Back," " Dask. Days," <fcc._ „ . It was late at night. The fire had gradually settled down until it became a steady glowing mass of red, giving plenty of beat but iittie flame. The shaded lamp from the edge of the table threw a circle of light, widening until it reached the floor, where it lay, a lamicooB drae mij left all outside in sombre gloom. He room was evidently a library, aa tall, cases of books loomed from each wall, and the massive table in the. centre waa strewn with pamphlets and writing materials. Oa a low chair, near .the fire, partly in light and partly in. dark ness, sat a woman. She might have been about forty-five years of age, and was still beautiful. Her hands, with tiie fingers interlaced, rested npon her lap;, and her head leant, wearily, against the side of the mantelpiece. Her attitude, even without the traces of recent tears npon her face, betokened extreme grief Well indeed might she grieve; for in the room above her lay a dead man. — her hnshand She had bade her household leave her and retire to rest, and hoar after hour sounded as she sat by tiie fire ana moarnea rn soutnae. True, the man who had died that day had not been her first love ; not the one she had once hoped was destined to llnt- his lot with hers. She had married him for esteem, friendship, respect, and many other admirable reasons; but her heart was with one who had died many years ago. Yet they had been man and wife for twenty years, and his unwavering love, his kindness, toe homage he had ever paid her, had earned, as with a woman they ever must; their reward ; and as wito sorrowful eyes she gazed into the fire, and lived again those twenty placid years, she felt that Death had that day decreed a void in her life, which would never again be filled. And yet the dead man had not been the most eheerfnl companion to a woman in the prime of health and beauty. Ho was ever sad, at times gloomy ; bnt no harsh words to her had ever crossed hie, lips even in his mostdreary moods. He had live a fair and noble life, doing in a secret way much good in the place hie life was spent; good, the extent of which she, perhaps, only knew. And as she thought of these things end of the poor white face upstairs, nnother flood of tears came to her relief She would see it once more, to-night ; and by the side of that motionless form fe—l down and say, ' If I have not loved yon as yonr heart wished, I have done all that I conld; all that I promised.' With this intention toe rose from her seat, and rising, an object on the mantelpiece attracted her attention. It was a small key; and that morning, even as he died, her hnshand, with feeble fingers, had placed it inker hand, whispering with a yearning look on his wan face, ' Read and forgive.' In the agitation of that terrible hoar she had taken little notice of those mysterious words — the last; indeed, he spoke — but now she remembered them and felt tbere was something be wished her to know. The key, she waa aware, gave access to a secretaire in which her husband kept Mb private papas. She raised the shade from the lamp, and its light, hitoato concentrated, spread over and illuminated the room, in one corner of which stood a black walnnt bureau with antique brass handles. She opened it, and after a few moment's search found what she knew intuitivelv was the document designed for her pauaaL It was a bulky packet, sealed and addressed : ' For my wife Private.' Wondering, even in her grief what it's contents could possibly be and why toe instructions to read it were coupled with that piteous appeal for forgiveness, she returned to her former seat, and after adjusting the light- broke-open— the seals and commenced ton perusal of the manu script. Womanlike, she tamed over several pages rapidly as. if. to catch some idea of the gencsal tenonr of the revela tion, and aa in toe enraoty glance she took she saw one name, a well-known name, written frequently, a fediugof fear thrilled her, and with a low cry ot pain and horror she set her lips fitmty and wito eager eyes devoured the closely- written lines. He message from tiie man who lay daad ran Aim ; My Wife, — When you read this I shall be dead, and yon wdh lheve little donbt, be still in the prime of womanhood. Whether thelove I have ever borne you; whether toe remembrance of those years spent, at least happify, under this roof together, will enable yon after reading. T4>i.i to think of me without cursing, my naren, Timnv not. Yet, X dine not die »nd malm do Kgn. I dare not let the grave cover the secret which Sb fretting my life out- — wMcb has twined for yeara around my heart like a snake, and which will at., last still, its beating — a secret rW even you in. voux wildest dreams never suspected. As you read these pages yoa. wfil weep, bnt not for me. Ysa will call foe one who can. never return, bnt the name, you utter will not be mine. . Widowed though you be, it is not' your hnsband you will mourn. Yet .when this is writ-, ten my mind will be more at., ease, although I know the : confession which may iightBn. zny remorse a Iittie lays a fewvy liui'ilcn on you.' - Atfeart fotpve me tins. HbwtoalLXjMgmJ Asrrit hereto- night,. prematurely aged man, I look back thrrra. tbedbng yeara — so long, so weary to me — and eee mysrif" in this same room, a.young maa of twenfy-five, with aU. tort conld make life pleasant at my command.- - Riches and friends- — .„d -hrnlili — and. as I ifondly hoped at.toat turn; love, tbst sooner or i«avt ireH fe mine. Here X sat, r favonrite oMiipaiiiona even- tigm; my books. Win .Lreadingui: aaX3ream- ingrffwhrtimttrbeXXicnnw.iBOfci'. My nimaiil Hiilnrnd aud handed-raa a cmd-t Gorinhfr-y toaff as yon read.tost niiiii Goralfl Gorikm: had be«roi»-ot my oorirest anddearest tofind hm-nnteanyxoof | to, irodfl;dbnlhtoB «tA England after some yeara' profitable work abroad. Afiairs had called him to Bfy neighbourhood, and npon hia return journey he had come a iittie out of -Ms way to pay me a visit for the saka of old times Ve were nnfrignpdly glad to meet, and, aa our- hands -clasped, many recol lections of happy, boyish days rose between us, and the pressing invitation I gave faim to stay some time with me was accepted as freeiy and heartily as it was given. For yon, Gertrude, least of all, need I paint his portrait'; but wis III ranember, as he sat with ma that night, Wiring at his handsome fees with' Hw. straight, clear cut features, bronzed by the south em sun ; his crisp, brown four and stalwart, manly frame, and thinking one of the greatest gifts, after all, was per sonal appearance. Our conversation after so Long., a separation, naturally consisted of ques tions and anawras of a personal nature, and I soon asked him: ' Have yon met yonr fide yet, Gerald F ' Been in love, I suppose you mean.!' he replied, laughing. ' Well, you see I have just come from parte where a fel low- must make love, or . pretend to, to get along at. all ; but. I cannot plead guilty to any grand passion, as yet' But how about you f he continued. ' Have any bright rnstic eyes came be tween you and your books F Fool that I was, not to open my heart to him then and there 1 Not to tell Mm I thought of one woman only 1 Yet I was shy and proud. I conld not even say that my love was viewed favourably. A withered flower, given half in jest — do you remember it ? A little preference, it might be, over my rivals, and that be stowed for toe sake of friendship, not love — this was all I had to show in return for. the love I had given and wMch I knew must ever give through life So L iangfaed as he questioned me and answered as in jest. 1 am heartwhole as yon, Gerald, and certainly in vulnerable against toe attacks of rustic maidens hereabouts.' ' I hoped and expected to be intro duced to yonr. future wife, iu the person of the oniy daughter of some neighbor ing squire ; and wonld have done you a good- turn by sonnding your praises whilst I admired his fat oxen ' ' Well, I will present you to all the eligible danshters hereabout, and you can praise their papas' oxen on your own account 'Hank, yon — although, seriously, I am tired of living alone and want a wife and a home ; so I am quite ready to meet my fate when and wherever she appears.' I do not hesitate, my wife to record these trivial words, for I know they will seem to you ss sweet echoes of a long- stilled voice. Gordon and I sat talking nearly all night, and parted at last, each happy to find-thB other's friendship the samB. as of old. He next day, wito. Iittie regret; I tossed my books aside and did all in my power to make, my guest's visit a pleas ant one. to him. We shot, drove, and rode together, and the short wintry days seemed even shorter witfo my light- hearted friend at my side. I took him to visit all my friends, save one ; I need, scarcely say toe reason for toat omis sion. Ho well I knew that; had. I been a girl, Gerald Gordon was toe man who might have won my beart had he <-inBwn Too weliX knew that if the eyes of love enchanced, they did not imagine your charms, and that Ms interest, at least, could scarcely fail to be aroused So I dreaded to bring abont a meeting between him and yon. It came at last. I would have shunned that gathering conld I have found a decent pretext; but the whole countryside were bidden to that ball and my absence from it would have been remarked. Besides, Gerald would have gone anyway. Hie waa very merry as we drove over, at toe expose of the imaginary persons we should meet ; bnt Isaui nothing. The moment we entered the room I saw his eyes npon yon. I saw his look of surprise, of admiration, as he comprehended your, regal beauty at one glance, and before the evening was over I felt that what I dreaded was a- foot, and that my friend wonld probably be- my rival. If his attentions to you that evening were no more than a man might properly pay to the must attrac tive woman in the assemblage, they were snffirient to make me fear the wont. Even aa I write tins I can see hia tail figure bending over you, and hear him- whispering words, which, spoken wito the easy self-confident manners of a man of. tiie. world, I knew intuitively must' have been BWeet to any yonnggirl's ears. At last, thai night; gay and enjoyable to all save me, raided. You bad de parted, and. after that it needed but little percussion on my- part to draw fferoid frrim rii« scram. We started on our drive home, wito the stars shining- pure and clear through the frosty skips. I was sullen and unhappy ; my com panion brimful of enriorify to learn all I conld. telL him concerning hia.late part ner. . 'Is Miss Howard a mend of yours I was Ms first question. I- have known her some years. Do you . admire heel Although. X used - BCarady uric," I added, bitterly. Admire bra 1 X. shonid-tMnk BO. X hars seen.some of tirn most beautiful women in- the- world, but never one I admiredmore. She . was not. very well dreeeed, ot raong jbufc . that is: only a ntainnnrVhimimSB.' So ha:talfad4«taiidL otr as we. drove that sixanfiesaofjroaitniBdinylieBrt sank witobrmeand I cooed "the friendship wimto t—d fod. ldmko visit me and fo- duced me to . press Mm_to prolong.; his i stays: Ha npake: of noti2hg. .but ; you, ringing yoar praises in various: keys, until: I relapsed into a sort of moody ntsneebr nhfo «nswnred his eulogistic remarks nil ' Tyjn, yremfally tired. 1 can see, Philip - so r T be mgcifid faHagiit mti irt'f iiijiV" «y J 1" ,T " "jF" mattered, jmtini ®eeqr'as X tndy mL dHB OHrSflfodnp for me toat agtoS 'fit f raon yon had made was no transient one. I tried to hide my feelings, and to answer hia playful remarks in the lib vein, but my efforts were of. little use. I felt-that his keen eye detected something amiss with me. He looked inquisitive, but said nothing for a while. After break fast, as we were discusrang our plans for the day, he asked : — ' Would it not be politenesB to ride over and enquire how Miss Howard ih after last night's diseioation F I started, and answered, . If yon wito it particularly we will do so ;' and, as I farced the words, my voice sounded strange and I felt that the colour had left my tomJr The manner of my assent most, I sup pose, have strengthened any suspicion he already felt as. to the true state of the case with me, for he crossed the room, placed his band on my ahonldets, and with his bright, searching eyes, looked deep into rnbip ' Tell ma truly, Philip — truly mind — is there anything like love between yon two I' Even then I might have told him, but I was too proud to say I loved without love in. return. Too proud to throw my self on his- mercy, aa it seemed to me such a confession must ; so I met his eyes without quailing, and answered firmly ' There is no love between us.' 'But you do love herF Demisted Gerald. ' I admire her for her great beamy ; that is alL' And even as I told the lie, I saw that he believed what he wished to believe; and I knew that my fate was sealed. 1 Then let ns go,' he said, quietly, as he moved his hands from my shoulders. We rode over to your home ; we saw yon, and my jealous eyes detected a hunt blush and lo of pleasnre on yonr face as you greeted as — a blush and a look such as my coming alone had never yet called forth. Gertrude, it is for you, not for me, to picture the events of the next few days. Sick at heart, I pleaded indisposition, and returned to my books ; sacrificing politeness, I left Gordon .free to follow his own devices. Well did I know whither hia steps turned every day, and clearly conld I read in the heightened expression of his ever bright face how well the suit he was urging prospered. So much bo, that it was with a feeling of dull despair, not surprise, I listened when one night he told me yoa had consented to be hia wife Lover-like he sat, hour after hoar, dilating upon the petfoctions of the prize he had won, and revelling in his visions of future happiness. And X who tared you as I believe no man ever yet loved woman, suffered torture on the rack of his raptures. I had. to listen to yonr praises from the lips of the one whom I had nov almost bronght myself to believe had robbed me of all I tanged for in the world. And there was to be no delay — no respite for me. He was wealthy, so what was there to wait for ! Within three months' time yon were to be married. ' How r bless toe day I came to see yoa, old fellow !' be cried once, in the effusion of Ms joy. ' Now yon shall complete yonr kindness by letting me stay wito yon until the happy time. Of canrsB.X.miist go away for a bit to see about a honse mid that sort of thing, bnt I mean to be here as moch as X can.' If I.had- followed myjtrue .impulse ns he spoke, I should have cursed him and bade Mm begone : bnt I was forced to restrain myself and tell him how welcome he was to imItb my boose Ma home as long as it pleased Mm. Yet I felt X dare not stay myself and witness his happiness. That night, as I lay in bed, casting about for an excuse plausible enough to enable me to leave my guest alone for the next month or two, I knew that in the depths of my heart I hated Gerald Gordon — I hated him as tiie one who had stolen my life's hope from me— I him for life animal spirits, hia good looks, his power of pleasing and winning the affection of man, woman, or child; so different from me — I even hated him because I knew you wonld be happy into him, for he had all the qualities to make a home happy — I hated him as Cain hated Abel, and for the same reason; had not Ms offering been accepted and mine rejected? And several days passed by ; each day the tortures I endured seemed greater ; each day my hatred grew more intense. In. a feverish sort of way I forced, myself to laagh and jest, and Qardoa, wito a lover's selfishness, never noticed now how unnatural my manner was, nor guessed how, by this time, I detested the sound of his voice, the dear ring, of bis laugh, or even his very presence. ' One thing pleases me more than I can say,? he placidly remarked, one even-' ing 1 It is toat what I once believed to be a fact waa only a creation of my own brain. I was aficud'I might be the rival of my old friend ; bnt Gertrude herself assures me toe only feeling that ever existed between you. two was one of pore friendship So l am happier, knowing yon will dance at my wedding wito a light heart.' Dance at Ms wedding ! I would rather dance on my mother's grave ! Gertrude, my wife, there is one day in every year which, is solemn and sad to both of us. A day when the choicest' ftaweis are laid. on a tomb, now growing grey with time. A. day, many horns of which, yon spend alone, holding a lock of hair and gazing on a miniature. And yet; if the love you bore another man is strong in your heart, upon that day you have ever seemed to draw, closer to me Bum at othrar timm. As your -eyes, sad with imfogottrajanmr, meet mine; yoa Brink, ' Our grief is from the sameaonrce — mine far love and his for friendship.' Ami witoonememaryiTetweeunsIknow for the. moment your heart grows nearra to nnne,. and I .realize . what life might have fetao-conld your love have crowned: jfe- Resdgt"ytoBfonto and kate me. Hrt day was toe hrst for a long time X had eprait ataoeuwith: Gerald Gordon. Youwere away ona visitr to soma friends at a distance.- The weather waa. fine,; ttamgh wintry, and as l felt I conld not. endnre the longjumra indocos, in.tiiB so ciety of tite maa X hatedI suggested takfog our gnnsi and. waikmg; dawu to the coast in the hope of shooting soma dnrira. GonfoB - leapt at the idaa.. 1 shall be gfed-torio abitof hard. wafting,' ST-' Bnrar rarairn T iairg only: fowXBvBmfcingaiM-tortxraijk.miicfc X£aafyxny. mmsdaaxnnBt :be: of'-'i'."-: I ' ' - An hour's walk brought as to the coast ; yon know it well For the dis tance of perhaps two miles, tons a turf covered, almost perpendicular cliff; then it shelves away gradually, and one can easily get down to the water's edge. ! Hrae was our destination. We intended to walk along the edge of the sea, shoot ing anything worth. powder and shot. The tide, when high, lashes the foot of the coast cliff;., when low, it leaves a strip of sand uncovered. He rock of which the cliff is composed is of crumb ling, unstable chalk, and has the habit of getting hallowed oat under the surface, leaving green cushions, firm, enough in appearance, but apt to breakaway as the unwary foot presses them. Adangerous cliff it is, from the edge of which one shrinks instinctively. We walked brfekiy along the green sward ; X was some paces in front of Gordon, not being mnch in thB hnmour to listen to hia inevitable rhapsodies on toe one theme. As he followed X could hear him Binging alove song. It was Mexican, I believe, and picked up some where ou his travels. Though toe lan guage was strange to me the words sounded soft and musical, and the repeti tion of toe passionate refrain almost maddened me, so well did I know to whom it was directed. Suddenly, the melody of the song changed to a sharp cry of despair — a cry that went through me like a knife — and, as I turned hastily ronnd, toe rent at the edge of the treach erous green sward told its tide, even be fore I heard the horrible, hopeless, dull thud on the sand below. Believe me, when I say, at that moment all thought of hatred and envy left me. Horror-stricken, I threw my self at full length-on toe grass and crept to the edge of the cliff, looking for what I dreaded to see — bis mangled body. The cliff at this spot overhung even mors than usual, and it waa wito a feel ing of hope I saw-tost Gordon had fallen clear of toe rock and lay npon ton sand. He was lying almost in a heap, ami mast have sustained fearful injuries ; but dead he was not; for I saw him, after making a few piteona struggles, succeed iu turning his face towards me. Gerald,'. I cried, ' are you mnch hurt? For God's sake try and answer me.' A faint. voice — the ghost of Mb usual voice — replied. 'I have broken one arm sod, I think, my thigh. Can yon yon come down to me F ' I cannot,' X said, ' without going along the coast for a mil or more. I am going now to get ropes and help. Try and bear up till I return.' And then, leaving my gun to mark the spot where he fell, I turned swiftly as I could, commenced running across country. I knew the part well The nearest honse was at least two nw'lwi away, so the poor fellow must lie in agony for some time before I conld bring faim the indispensable aid. Wito the remembrance of that helpless form lying on the sand before me, my thoughts were only how to rescue Mm with sb little loss of time as possible, ami for the first five minutes I ran at the top of my speed. Sheer exhaustion then compel led me to panBe and draw breath, and as I moderated, my pace the awful thought for the first time came to me. He tide! the tide ! I remember it was tiring — that it wsb about three-quarters flood — that Gordon was lying very near to the edge of the water, and X knew if I cottld not bear him aid before the eea covered that narrow strip of sand he was a dead man. And then the temptation began. Let no man say there is no devil, for I tell yon in that moment the devil was with me. He bronght yonr form wito all its beaufy before me ; yes, and with love for me sinning in your eyes. He sh&ned; the than&ht; in mv mind. ' It in for her, who might love yon, you are saving Mm. Is she not worth, toe siirF' And as the tempter prompted me, I said to myself, ' One half-hour's delay; a rest by the way ; a inability to pro- ceed farther ; a mistake — so easy to make- — in the road, and yon were free once more and might yet be mfrip. The price waa crime — loss of bono or, of self- respect, and all peace of mind ; but, you might be urine, and. what price was too heavy to pay for that.' And as thought after tonnght, each like a devil from hell, came to me I leant against a gate ; know ing as I did so that every moment I lingered risked a man's life The sud den temptation, the commencement of toe crime, the conseqoaicee to follow, the shame I felt, even then, bewildered me, and fist a time I was beside myself I seemed in a dream ; all around me was unreal ; the air seemed full of horrible forms and sounds. How long I wafted motionless, I cannot tell — wonld that I knew 1 — it might have been moments, minutes, or hours. At. inat it seemed as though I woke, and as I turned and ran like one pursued by wolves, I fended I ha.nl dip words, ' Too late ! too late !' shrieked aftor me in fanBdi glo As I ran, I believe I even ceased to think, and fell utterly exhausted at the door of the farmhouse, to which X mechanically directed my steps. In broken sentences I told .my tale: — I begged the men to hurry down wito the ropes — I offered large rewards should they reach, the coast in tune to avert what 1 now shnd- derad to think might happen. Hey started wito all possible despatch, and ami as.aoon as my strength returned to me I followed. Gertrude, . haw can: I pen the rest? I reached the fetal spot just-as toe men from., the farm lowered one of their party- over the edge of. the cliff, . and, aa. desk and. dizzy I leant over, T saw beneath me thehmeL waves dashing a darkform. against the crnriler rocks,., and "as one of the .men fanned to me ami said, ' Poor -chap! H ws had beena quarter of an hoar before, we might have raved, him,' I knew that tar toe eye of God I was as mnch a mnr- derer aa tfae ruffian who drives his knife through the heart of life victim: Little wander was h; as they bore hfir nravriras form to tile- top of the cIHff as I saw that pale -lace, s-aiaect liere ena ttiera wito.btaotL; the JitaB. eyas yet open, and ra X almart fancied, seeking my own, that XfrlLAs onB: dead- npon the grass suid was. borne away:, nmamnriaiiB as the man X haiLfatdlyrisin. WhatiuDiE rBmains to be said.? You know the.. reat-how toEniliieaB: that. frdtaweff :wBLAttiibatad. to the ehodkl meffbi Mae.mfisGisaL. Xwbple grarafifriiify imhfKnlhfcrincB: ysjii1y'?)li"'iisr''iifyj|lttiT ra -.arai .-stjtswvrt saw it ere I fell senseless on the cliff; that ever in my dreams I was running, it seemed to be from an image of yon, and that fieatfid tilings were striving, to : stop me. No one knew how often I went to the Bpot where Gordon fell, and timed, as nearly as I conld, the rising waters, to ascertain if it were poBsihle for a man to have compassed toe distance and brought, aid in time to rave him. Aliia I only learnt I waa a mnrderer in act as well as thought i X gained the prize that tempted me— bnt, at what a cost When, after some years, you gave me your hand I knew yonr heart could never be mine, but lay in Gerald's grave;. I knew that the thing which at last in duced yoa to accede to my repeated request was more the love you fended I bore him than the love you felt for me. And.bo, at the price of a life's remorse, I won a. woman wfanee love, in life, could never be mine, and who, after death, must hate my memory. Ah, Gerald Gordon, slain by toe waves at the bidding of your friend, just as the supreme joy of life was . yours ; your lot, after all, was happier than. mini 1 As she rod the last words Gertrude Blake dropped the manuscript; and bury ing her fees in her hands, cried, ' O, why did he tell me 1 Why did he tell me ? This is the word of all to bear. Hank God I have no children in whose feces I may see murderer written.' Then, wito bitter grief and hatred in her heart, she sat on and on through the weary night. And ever before ho- was tha. image of Gerald Gordon, with the hungry waters creeping round him, his poor maimed limbs battling iu vain, struggles to keep his life until the delayed help arrived. And her face was stern and cold : as she pictured it. If her husband's hopes of heaven rested ou her forgivenness, she felt she could not bring her lips to frame the words. She could scarcely credit the tale she had -read, at times she fended it mnsfr have been in a great part imagination. But his face, ever sad, even when others were gayest, came again and again to her mind, and she felt that strange sad ness stamped the confession wito truth. Yet in all else he had beat so noble, both in thought and. deed. He had loved her so ; and now wito his dreary secret bared before her, even through the bit terness of her mind passed the know ledge that he had been leading not only a life of remorae, but also of atonement, and as she grew more calm, she fell at last into a troubled.sleep wito wet tears upon her lashes. And, as toe slept she dreamed. They stood before her, she thought : her first and only love, Gerald, »"d her hnsband. The latter, not toe careworn prematurely old man of the.paet years, but young, gay and handsome as when he rode with Gerald to see her that morning in the winteE There was no sadness in his eyes now, and Gerald's arm round Mb neck : ' Sweet love,' Bhe heard him whisper, ' see, I have forgiveu — cannot yon, like wise F And then, striving to speak, she awoke. With the dream yet lingering in ha memory, she rose, and tearing the manu script to shreds, threw it upon the smouldering firs When every vestige of paper was consumed she sought her room, but, as she passed, the chamber of death, entered and, bending over the pale, cold, placid face, kissed it, whisper ing ; ' I forgive, as I hope to be for given.' The End. 