Epitome of General News. In consequence of the Bplendid prospects of the season, there is a perceptible revival in trade. A specimen of gold in stone, weighing 5 lbs., and worth £150, has been found near Mount Pleasant. Lady Brassey made a flying visit to Silverton and Broken Hill, leaving Adelaide on Wednesday and returning on Saturday. A man named Worden, of Gawler River, has been killed by the train when crossing the railway line. On Sunday morning last a free breakfast was given to 143 poor persons at the City Mission Hall. In Melbourne 10,000 Irishmen have protested against the Irish Crimes Bill now before the House of Commons. Considerable reforms are to be made in the management of the New South Wales Benevolent Institutions. At Singleton Abbey 40,000 Welsh Liberals processioned in honor of Mr. Gladstone. He afterwards addressed the multitude on Irish and Welsh questions. Lord Randolf Churchill calls loudly for reforms both in the Army and Navy, and says England is unprepared for war. Seven cases of child murder have occurred in Sydney during the past fortnight. The Geelong to Melbourne train ran into a flock of goats,and cut six to pieces. This was surely dangerous, unnecessary, and inhuman. A federation bell, made on Victorian soil, of Sydney copper and Tasmanian tin, smelted with New Zealand coke, and cast by English, Irish, and Scotch men under an Adelaide boy, will be exhibited at Adelaide. A boundary rider paid £5 for a sixteenth share in the Broken Hill Silver Mine ; is now worth £100,000. Joseph Cook says Beecher would have lived longer if he had died sooner. The Order of St. Michael and St. George now numbers 65 G.C.M.G.'s,- 200 K.C.M.G.'s, and 342 C.M.G.'s. Mr. J. F. Procter has been appointed manager of the Union Bank. At Emu Flat 6,000 acres have been prepared for wattle planting. Vines, fruit trees, vegetables, asid grasses have also been planted. Melbourne telegrams state that four men of war, nationality unknown, were off Cape Otway on Sunday last. Mr. Kirkham Evans, by personal examination, has arrived at the conclusion that the Cradock ghost is a fraud, and that the noises are made by the girl herself. Lady Brassey addressed the Ambulance Association on "First Aid to the Wounded," and distributed prizes and certificates. To facilitate preparations for opening, the Exhibition Building is to be lighted at once with the electrie light. The Victorian Parliament was opened on Tuesday last. On Tuesday, Mr. Playford rmjved a "Want of Confidence in the present ministry. The debate was continued on Wednesday. Lady Brassey left Adelaide on Tuesday, to proceed to Melbourne overland. Fruit trees are being extensively planted in portions of the North. The Adelaide Football team now in Melbourne, defeated a Suburban team, and played a draw n game with Geelong. The Central Relief fund amounts to £27,000. Seven fatherless children have been born since the accident. The Farmers on the Beetaloo Pipe track protest against the water rates as excessive. We do think 5s per 1,000 gallons is excessive. The Hon. S. Tomkinson very properly objects to the large sums Bpent by parliament in printing useless documents amounting so £100 per member last session. The new Professor of Agriculture gets £700 per *nnum. The Register has attained its Jubilee and boasts an unbroken file for fifty years, In spite of the asserted exodus of population the attendance at the public schools has increased during the year from 49,664 to 49,922. Mr. Copley has refrained from contesting the return of Mr. E. Ward to Parliament. Lord Brassey with the Sunbeam has sailed for Melbourne. Lady Brassey follows overland. Rabbit Bkins in the Adelaide market are worth Is. per lb. Kangaroo skins are fetching 3B, per lb., and Opposum skins 7s, 6d. per dozen. It transpires that under the provisions of the present Education Act the Bible is read in 93 of the public #ehools. The death is announced of Mr. J. A. Holden at the early age of 53. The will of the late F. C. Singletoa has been proved at £37,000, Who would not be clerk of the Legislative uncil ? The new carriage drive in the rear of the Exhibition building, skirting the river, was opened by the Mayor on Thursday last and called the Victoria Drive. The Government propose to increase taxation both on landed and peisonal property. Bills are also promised to amend the Education and iceas«d Victuallers' Acte. The Government intend to sell land for cash to pay off the deficit, to place the railways under a board of management, and to appoint a Civil Service Board. It has been resolved to form a National Union for this colony consisting of Australian natives, During last month the increase of depositors in the Savings Bank was 310 and of deposits £4,011. The Grange Railway has been bought by the residents who are now running the trains again. Sir Charles Dilke advises France to secure New Caledonia by yielding to the wishes of Australia in regard to the New Hebrides and other Pacific islands. Sir Charles is of opinion that Australia will eventually secure control of all the adjacent islands. Mr. Gladstone has paid a visit to Wales where he has been enthusiastically received. Last month New South Wales spent £15,000 in providing work for the unemployed. The proposition to have a Childrens' Jubilee fete in Sydney has been defeated at a public meeting by a large majority. Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Davies, of Toorak, Victoria, have made a Jubilee gift of £10,000 to be devoted to various charities. The Downer Ministry has been defeated by a majority of 13 votes. Messrs. Playford, Baker, Kingston," Coles, Johnson and Homburg are 6poken of as being likely to compose the new administration. Nominations for the Legislative Council for two members for the Central District and one member for the Northern District will be made on June 22. Informations have been laid against the Handorf family for tkeir attempts to impose upon the police and others by means of what is known as the Cradock gho6t scare. Twenty Australian gold mines have been floated in England for a total capital of £3.670,000. Mr. Justice Windeyer, of New South Wales, has received the degree of L.L.D. from the University of Cambridge. Caaptain Pearce, of the steamer Chelydra, has been fined £1,000 in Sj-dney, for carrying Chinese passengers in excess of the number prescribed by law. 