V.R.C. NEW YEAR'S DAY MEETING. [BY TELEGRAPH.] MELBOURNE, January 1. The New Year's Day meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was celebrated amidst splendid weather. There was a large attendance of spectators. The racing was fine and unusually attractive. Tho ring had a severe afternoon owing to tho continued wins of the favourites. Tho Bagot Haudicap was one of the finest races over witnessed on the course, the hones being literally packed together while contesting the race. All Gold's victory was very popular. - The Btandish Handicap, a sweepstakes of 5 soys. each with 300 addedjßecondhorfle to receive 100 soys. out of the stakes; for tnrec-year-olds and upwards; | mile. (Closed with eighty-five subs.) 8\. NullevV William Tell, 9Ht. 6lb (Olds) 1 8\. Martin's Hogmanay, Bst. slb (Power) 2 H.Hunt'sKohai,7Bt.9lb... ... (Trahan) 3 The other starters were Sheet Anchor, Coronet, Pocahontas, Quintin Mat«oys,The Ghost,Xantippe, Don Giovanni, Straight Shot, Marie Louise, Sedition, Louise, Bertha, Moxoney, Lara, Menoth, Harvester, Maroondah, St. Louis, and Retort. Betting: William Tell, sto 1; Hogmanay, 6to 1>; Koharjto 1; Sraight Shot and Harvester 10 to A good start was effected; William Tell, Sedition, and the Ghost were the first to show in front, and crossing the tan Harvester joined the leaders, but William Tell came away at the distance ana won easily from Hogmanay and Kohai, Harvester fourth, Coronet fifth. Time, lmin. 15} sec. The Nokmahby Stake*, a sweepstake* of 10 soys. each, with 400 soys. added; for two-year-olds; the second hone to receive 60 soys., and the third 35 soys. <mt of the stake; 5 furlongs. (Closed with eighty sub scribers). C. L. M'Donald's Hortense, 9st. 71b. ... (Campbell 1 E.Mitchellson's Escutcheon, Sat. 101b.... (Ivemy) 8 Hon. W. Pearson's Bedouin, Bst. 101b.... (Wood) 3 The other starters were Perhaps, Lord Alien, Loyalist, and Liedertafel. Betting: 5t04 on Hoi- tense, 3 to 1 v. Escut cheon, 6 to 1 Bedouin, 8 to 1 Leidertofel. This was also a good start. Liedertafel, Hor tense, and Perhaps were first away, with Loyalist and Eecutcheon next. This order was maintained over the tan. At the course proper, Perhaps led from Hortense, with Bedouin on his quarter, but at the distance Hortense drew away, and though Escutcheon camo very fast during .the last 100 yards the mare won by two lengths from the colt, Bedouin being a length away, third, Perhaps fourth, and Loyalist last. Time, lmin. 4£sec. Hurdle Rack ; a handicap sweepstakes of 6 soys each, with 900 added; second horao to receive 60 son. out of the stake ; about 2 miles. J. Soobie's Blue Mountain, list. 31b. ... (Soobie) 1 J. B. GUl's "Whalebone, 9st (Willianw) 2 T. Jones's Goodwood, 9st. 9lb. ... (Anderson) 3 The other starters were—The Agent, Bonnie Lad, Revenge, Louis, and Moolgai. Betting: 5t04 on Blue Mountain, 4 to 1 v. Goodwood, 6 to 1 Bonnie Lad, 7 to 1 The Agent and Revenge. Louis and Blue Mountain took first position at the start from Revenge and Bonnie Lad. Round ing the bend the favourite dropped back fifth from Whalebone, Bonnie Lad, The Agent, and Louis. The paco was very slow until at the back of the course, where Blue Mountain resumed the lead from The Agent, Bonnie Lad, Louis, and Goodwood. The same order was maintained past the post, but at the abattoirs Blue Mountain was still first, and going at a rattling pace over the last hurdle, was never headed, Whalebone on the outside being one and a-half length behind, second, Goodwood a head away, third. Time, 4min. 30Jsec. The Baoot Handicap.—A sweepstakes of 10 soys. each, with 1000 added; second hone to receive 200 soys., and the third 100 soys. out of the stakes: for three-year-olcU and upwards; 1} mile and a furlong. (Closed with 50 subs.) 8\. Martin's All Gold, 7st (Gorry) 1 R. Or/a Recall, 7st. 71b (Power) S J. Cripp's Duration, Bat. 91b (Brown) 3 The other starters were Commotion, Sardiua, Grace Darling, Silvermine, Britisher, Meteor, Rufus, Lord Wilton, Boolka, Claptrap, Came rine, The Nun, Tho Levite, Metal, Fish o' Silver, Harvester, Impulse, and Shark. Betting: 3tol v. All Gold, oto 1 Silvermine, 8 to 1 Lord Wilton and The Nun, 10 to 1 Grace Darling. Commotion, Camerine, and Recall, 12 to 1 Claptrap and Duration. Boolka, Recall, Camerine, and All Gold made the pace at the start from Lord Wilton, who was in the centre, with Britisher and The Nun next, the last two being Shark and The Levite. Tho lot were packed put the stand, where Camtrine was waited on by All Gold, but at the river Harvester went to the front of her by a length, Lord Wilton, All Gold, Britishor and The Nun leading the remainder. At the abattoirs Harvester gave way to The Levite, who was chased by Recall, The Levite with Duration heading the second rank. Britisher and Lord Wilton were also prominent. Meteor drew up third at the half-mile, and at the distance Duration was showing in front from All Gold, Meteor, Lord Wilton, Britisher, and Clap trap. The whole of the horses were almost abreast at tho half -distance; Duration then fell back, and AH Gold responding gamely won by half-a-length from Recall, Duration being third, a head away from Camerine, Grace Darlingand Claptrap being abreast, the last four being The Levite, Sardius, Bufus, and Shark. Time, 2min. 53£ sec. Steeplkciusk.—A handicap sweepstakes of 5 •ovs. each, with 800 added. The seoond hone to receive 60 soys, and the third 26 sots, out of the stakes : about 2J miles. F. Martin's Luette, 12st. lib (Batty) 1 J. M'Grade's Moonlight art. 18lb .. J Hon. W. Pearson's Lady Aahton, 12st. 81b. (M'Leod) 8 The other starters wore Contingent, Lotitia, Curiosity, and Salesman. Betting: 2tol v. Lady Ashton, 3to 1 Lizette, 5 to 1 Letitia. Lady Ashton was leading a long distance from Curiosity, when she fell at the stone wall, letting in Lizette, who was never headed, and won by 200 yards. Time, smin. 18Jsec. Tiik Cbitbbion Stakes, a handicap sweepatakei of 6 Boys., with 150 added, for two-year-olda; J mile. E. Mitchelson'a Escutcheon, 7st (Irany) 1 8\. Miller's PinjraM,7nt. 21b (Turner) 2 Hon. L. L. Smith's Epiourean, Bt»t. 101b 8 The other starters were Albert, Loddon, Or monde, St. Michael, Citadol, and Loyalist. Betting: 2 to 1 v. Escutcheon, 4to 1 Pingara and Epicurean. Won easily in a canter. Tune, lmin. 20} sec. 