THE object of the meeting which is to be held in the Alfred Hall this even- ing is one that should have the sym- pathy of every lover of sound Govern- ment and fair play. The more imme- diate purpose of the promoters is to re- cord an emphatic protest against the manufacture of rolling stock at the Newport railway workshops, and against the “renewals,” which are only manufactures in disguise. We hardly need point out that the question con- cerns not only the class of mechanics or private manufacturers whose business is directly interfered with, but has a very serious bearing upon the whole of the extra metropolitan population of the colony. And we think it would be unwise, as well as unfair, to leave the trades immediately interested to fight this battle alone. The somewhat cumbrous title of Anti-Government Manufacturing League is only an alias for decentralisation, and if the people of Victoria were wise they would form a league on a much broader basis which should wage constant war against not only this, but every other form of centralisation which is slowly but surely demoralis- ing our whole social system, and grossly infringing the proper rights and privileges of the bulk of our population. Perhaps, however, those who organised the local league remem- bered that it would not be easy to excite active sympathy for a principle of equitable Government, and wisely confined their efforts to one tangible and flagrant instance of active mis- doing. It is absurd to any longer keep up the pretence that the Newport work- shops are intended for repairs only. The action of the proposers and defenders of the erection of that vast pile of buildings has been, all through, quite inconsistent with that idea, and Parliament should have known that the bulk of railway work, whether in construction or repairs, was intended to be concentrated there. It will be well for the residents of Victoria to ponder over the fact that the Newport workshops have been persisted in against the expressed wish of the country, in entire contraven- tion of our supposed democracy, and in contempt of fair and straight- forward dealing. Whether hon. members of the Legislative As- sembly have been cajoled or coerced matters but little. It were absurd to mince matters in a question of this kind. In theory we are governed “by the people for the people,” but in practice we place our liberties and our rights in the hands of elected representatives who in effect hand them bodily over to the tender mercies of Ministers of the Crown. Instead of being governed by the people, we are tyrannised over by a political ring. The normal con- ditions of Parliamentary Government are reversed with us. Intead of the Government being the reflex and the interpreter of the will of the majority of hon. members, it imposes its will upon that majority, whether by ca- jolery or coercion it is needless to enquire. The meeting to-night ought to be a large one, and it should be both earnest and unanimous. It were well to cast to the winds any word- splitting about the distinction between “renewals” and “manufactures.” The thing is the same by whatever name it is called, and in this case it is an unjus- tifiable interference with private enter- prise, a flagrant betrayal of the interests of the people, and a still further aggrega- tion of that enormous bureaucracy which already and everywhere disturbs the natural course of individual and associated industry, and the shadow of which falls like a blight upon our rising youth. By all means let us protest against the injustice of centralisation. Such protests are healthy exercise for the taxpayers’ minds. Meantime it may be that a truism, which is not a truth will be thrown in our faces, and we may be told that Governments exist by the will of the House, and that the House is what the people make it, and that, therefore, the action of the Government is the will of the people. This is a plausible but dangerous untruth. No doubt the electors are much to blame in not exercising greater care in the choice of representatives, but in all cases there is an understanding that country interests will be fairly looked after. How is it then that with a Chamber where country mem- bers are in a large majority, the curse of centralisation is allowed to over- spread the land? Such a House is not what the country intended to make, and it is an abuse of terms to call it representative. We want a fair understanding about these Newport workshops, and a guarantee that they shall be limited to the pur- pose for which they were proposed. But this particular practical evil of centralisation is, after all, only one, and that not the worst. We want local affairs committed wholly to local control and the work of the National Parliament limited to national questions only. We want to have the spending of the money raised from us by taxation, less the necessary expenses of the central Government. We want, as far as may be, to remove from members of the Assembly the temptation to pledge their votes to the Government of the day in return for such concessions as will conciliate their wealthy or influen- tial constituents. We want to put a stop to log-rolling amongst members at the expense of the unfortunate tax- payers. In a word, we want men who will represent the electors honestly and fearlessly, and if the people are really desirous of reform we may get them at the next election. Mining operations in Ballarat and adjacent districts are proceeding steadily, and the outlook is fairly promising. The aspect of affairs at the Band and Albion, Star of the East, Sir Henry Loch, North Band and Barton, and most of all the other mines in that direction gives investors a reasonable assurance of a fair reward in the future ; and in view of the con- tinued success of the Sulieman Pasha and the improvement in the leading Bal- larat East mines, as also the confidence reposed in the new ventures, a hopeful reliance may likewise be placed on the mining industry in that quarter. The great development that has taken place along the Redan and Plateau lines was anticipated by hundreds of people who knew the locality well; but it is ques- tionable whether many anticipated seeing so soon such an immense increase in mining enterprise in Ballarat East, Little Bendigo, the White Horse Ranges, and other localities on the same lines. In several other districts mining operations are also being car- ried on with great vigor. Business in the share market last week, however, showed a slight falling off, although most of the stocks maintained their position, and a few advanced a little. The Australasian group had not much attention. The Berry group furnished a considerable amount of business, but they did not sustain the hopes they raised a few week’s ago, being obtainable at easier rates at the close of the week. Still, Berry Con- sols on Saturday realised 171s, and Berry No. 1 62s 6d. Madame Berry were in good demand in the early part of the week, but suffered a little in the dulness in Saturday’s market. The Hepburn group had occasional transac- tions at current rates during the week, but on Saturday the stocks were quiet, save Hepburn Rocky Lead, which sold at 13s 3d and closed with buyers at 14s 3d, and no shares offering. Earl Beaconsfield have occasional sales, and are now held for 80s. Lord Harry on Friday closed with buyers at 71s and sellers at 74s, but they had no enquiries on Saturday. The Midas group furnished a little business at current rates. The Chalks’ group had not an extensive business last week, being at times comparatively quiet; but on the whole they main- tained their market value. The Duke group eased a little from Monday’s rates, when there was business in Duke at 49s, sales on Saturday being made from 46s to 43s 6d. Duke No. 1 also weakened, having sales on Saturday at 8s 2d and 8s. Duke West were steady, but were quiet at the close of the week. The Napier group had occasional trans- actions with not much alteration in rates. New Kong Meng on Monday sold as high as 75s, but were only mar- ketable at 72s on Saturday. The rest of the Kong group had a pretty fair amount of attention during the week at steady rates, but only Kong Extended were in demand on Saturday, and they changed hands at 9s. The M'Farlane’s group and Stewart’s Freehold furnished a good many transactions during the week at fairly steady rates. Band and Albion closed on Saturday with sellers at 70s, and Sir Henry Loch had increased business, with a sale as high as 11s 3d. Star of the East kept firm all the week, though not in very brisk demand; still, on Saturday they changed hands at 89s and 90s, closing strong. The rest of the Redan and Plateau stocks were fairly steady, with the ordinary amount of business. Sulieman Pasha had a moderately good business during the week, closing with exchange on Saturday at 44s. We are glad to notice from the manager’s report that the mine con- tinues to look well, as such a satis- factory account cannot fail to en- courage enterprise along the line. The rest of the Ballarat East stocks had a little attention, with occasional trans- actions at current rates. Egerton had a good deal of business during the week, and sold on Saturday at 23s 6d and 23s, closing firm; but Black Horse weakened, being now marketable at 16s. Parker’s United at times during the week were very lively, with sales as high as 5s 1d, and on Saturday, though a little weaker, they still realised 4s 10d. South Clunes United and South Clunes Extended were marketable at upward rates, but not in much demand. In the other stocks there were no alterations of any con- sequence. During the past week the following dividends were declared:— Majorca Leads Estate, 15s; New Aus- tralasian, 1s. The public meeting under the auspices of the Anti-Government Manufacturing League will be held this evening at the Alfred Hall, to protest against the manufacture of rail- way rolling stock, &c.;, by the Government. Doubtless the meeting will be largely attended. The Tramway Company are now making very tangible progress, having got success- fully over the preliminaries. The stables, cottages, and sheds are rapidly approaching completion, and the red-gum sleepers on which the rails are to be laid have been put into position in the gardens and around a portion of the lake. On Saturday the pat- tern car, built by Mr L. Fraser, of Adelaide, was exhibited on a lorry in Sturt street, and was the centre of attraction during the after- noon, many hundreds of persons staying to admire it. It is a light, roomy, and com- fortable-looking vehicle, the only fault found with it by any person being that it was some- what small. The financial agent for the company (Mr Moore), however, informs us that the ordinary cars will be much larger, and will be capable of accommodating 50 persons. The rails are expected to arrive shortly, and no time will then be lost in pro- ceeding with the actual work of construc- tion. The line round the lake and gardens, Mr Moore states, will be definitely ready for traffic by the second week in December, and the Sebastopol line will be completed by March. Sometime on Friday night, or early on Saturday morning, the drapery establish- ment of Mr Harry Davies, in Sturt street, was burglariously entered. The intending thief or thieves effected an entrance by means of a skylight in a skillion at the rear of the shop, and from thence proceeded up- stairs. They would appear, however, to have been disturbed, probably by an em- ployee, who had occasion to return to the shop at about half-past 9 o’clock, as they made no attempt to enter the main part of the establishment, or to rifle the safe. It is questionable, however, whether they would have succeeded in their designs had they tried, as the doors are of solid iron. So far, no goods have been missed, though with such a large stock as Mr Davies keeps, it is quite possible that something may have been abstracted. The matter was reported to the police first thing on Saturday morning, bu up to late last night no arrests had been made. It is thought that the attempt was made by some of the Melbourne visitors. Dr Maconochie has been served by Messrs Pearson and Mann, solicitors, acting on be- half of the Rev. D. Devane, Roman Catholic clergyman, with a notice requiring him to retract certain statements made by him con- cerning Father Devane in connection with Mrs Maconochie’s case. The doctor was given until 1 o’clock on Saturday to comply with the offer, and n the event of his not doing so, legal proceedings were threatened. We are informed on reliable authority that Dr Maconochie has refused to apologise or retract his statements, and states that he is prepared to meet any action that may be taken against him by the clergyman referred to. Messrs Purves, Q.C., and Finlayson have, we are informed, been retained for the complainant. The many friends of the Hon. Joseph Jones will regret to learn that he is at present lying seriously ill at his residence in Lyons street from blood- poisoning. The patient is under the care of Dr Ochiltree. We notice by the Melbourne papers that the East Melbourne Cricket Club is adver- tising for a secretary, at a salary of £200 per year, with a conditional bonus of £25. It is reported that amongst the list of candi- dates for the office the name of the present B.C.C. secretary will probably be found. With burglars and other criminals in Bal- larat, it would he well if the Town Council authorities were to place a light of some kind in the long arch leading to the Eastern Oval. At night the interior of the arch is as dark as an underground tunnel, and persons for weeks past have been afraid to pass through the place. Not long ago a man, when proceeding through this arch, was knocked down and robbed. Perhaps the mayor and the works committee of the Town Council will supply the much required illumination pending an arrangement with the Railway Department by Mr Russell, M.L.A. As the arch at present stands, it is at night time a cover for robbers and other dangerous characters. The Railway Commissioners, Messrs Speight, Agg, and Ford, accompanied by Mr Darbyshire, engineer of existing lines, arrived in Ballarat on Friday night, after in- specting the lines in the Wimmera district. They left again for Melbourne by the first train on Saturday morning. To-morrow morning, at St. Patrick’s Cathedral, the daughter of an old and highly respected resident of Ballarat will be married to a young gentleman well known in the city. That the Earl and Countess of Aberdeen were delighted with the appearance of Bal- larat and suburbs during their late visit to the district, is shown by the fact that the Earl has, by letter from Europe, instructed Mr G. Willetts, the well-known proprietor of the Elite Studios, to execute a number of views, including portraits of Lake Wen- douree, the Botanical Gardens, the streets of the city and town, and landscapes of the suburbs. When finished the views will be forwarded to the Earl and Countess of Aberdeen, who will place the collection in their art gallery. We understand that another “ghost” has made its appearance in Ballarat—this time in the vicinity of the Benevolent Asylum. The “apparition” was seen a few nights ago by two young ladies, who were natu- rally alarmed at it. We are also informed that the Soldiers Hill “spirit” has added to his senseless and cowardly behaviour a spice of criminality. The Jewish new year commenced last evening at sunset. Services in connection with the holidays were held last night in the synagogue, Barkly street, in the presence of a large congregation, who included a num- ber of residents of up-country districts. To- day and to-morrow will be observed as a close holiday by our Jewish fellow-citizens, and services will be conducted both morning and evening in the synagogue. Mr Russell, M.L.A., J.P., has evidently a high opinion of the “thief catching” capa- bilities of the Ballarat police. Addressing Inspector Parkinson from the chair at the Town Court on Saturday morning, Mr Rus- sell said, “I told Mr Deakin, the Chief Secretary, in the House a day or two ago that he might rest assured that if burglars or criminals came to Ballarat they would be very quickly run into gaol by the police here. Here are my words come true.” Mr Parkin- son acknowledged the compliment on behalf of his men. On Saturday morning the in- terior of the Town Police Court presented the appearance of a “Johnny All Sorts’ shop.” Among the stolen goods displayed were ladies’ bracelets, lockets, watches, and a number of articles of men’s wearing ap- parel. Senior-constable Nedwell and Con- stable M'Leod arrested the last robber, who made the fourth brought within the clutches of the law during the week. Saturday's Town Court proceedings will be found re- ported in our “Police Intelligence.” The Salvation Army services were well attended yesterday, and the addreses de- livered at each were impressive, coming, as they did, from persons who professed to have benefited by the preaching of the Gospel. In the afternoon the “soldiers” paraded the streets of the town, headed by their band and banner, and the procession was followed by many who subsequently attended the meeting in the barracks. The evening service was held in the Alfred Hall, and here a number of “testimonies” were given. We are informed that the trustees of St. Andrew’s Kirk intend to build a manse in the church reserve. At present the pastor, the Rev. T. R. Cairns, is living in a rented cottage, and it is intended to build a par- sonage worthy of the church and congrega- tion. The news of the death in Scotland of Mr W. B. Dick, late of Coghill’s Creek, has caused much regret in that district, where deceased was highly respected. Mr Dick died on the 31st August, at his residence, Lochgelly, Fifeshire, at the age of 59. A five-guinea trophy, presented by Mr W. P. Jones, will be competed for under the auspices of the Ballarat Yacht Club during the ensuing season. The young man Henry Douglass, who was on two charges sentenced to 18 mouths’ im- prisonment at the Town Police Court on Saturday, was at one time an officer in the 11th Hussars, and on selling his commission he sqandered the proceeds in dissipation and riotous living. He speaks five languages, and has a good address. Since his arrival in Australia he has, to use a familiar phrase, gone from bad to worse, and his name is now on nearly every police record in the colony. Addressing the Town bench on Saturday, Mr Inspector Parkinson pointed out that his long experience and handling of the criminal class showed that of all offenders those with a good education were the most dangerous to society, as they were able to pass as gentle- men, and to use the pen in forgery and other crimes. Although Douglass had pleaded guilty to two robberies at the residence of Mr J. Adair, Humffray street, as well as ad- mitted to having secreted himself under a bed in one of the rooms in the dwelling, the bench, urged Inspector Parkinson, should nevertheless exercise their full authority, as the police had quite enough to do in coping with local criminals, without watching bur- glars and housebreakers from other parts of the colony. The magistrates (Messrs Russell, Ham, Fitzgerald, and Walker, J’s.P.) saw the force of Mr Parkinson’s remarks, and sentenced the prisoner to 18 months’ im- prisonment with hard labor. This evening the winter competition in connection with the Ballarat Fire Brigade takes place at the station, Ballarat East. Great interest has been taken in the events, and it is expected the contests will be very close. The adjourned meeting of drapers and others interested in the action of the authori- ties in prohibiting goods to be exhibited outside their premises will be held to-morrow (Tuesday) evening at 8 o’clock, when a full attendance is requested. The offer made some time since by Miss Bella Guerin to give a prize of £5 (gold medal or books to that value) for the best original essay on Her Majesty’s Jubilee written by a student of the School of Mines, has been formally accepted by the council of that institution, and the conditions to be observed by intending competitors appear in our adver- tising columns. Mr J. G. R. Duffet, a gentleman well known in sporting circles, has committed suicide. The Rev. J. Walker, late pastor of the Dawson street Congregational Church, preached in that church yesterday morning. The building was crowded, amongst those present being a large sprinkling of Mr Walker’s friends belonging to other denomi- nations. The subject of his discourse was family feeling amongst Christian people, the text being, "The whole family in heaven and in earth,” taken from St. Paul’s epistle to the Ephesians. The preacher referred to the many changes which he had observed in the congregation and the community gene- rally since he was last here. There were old friends who had passed, but the precious hope of the Christian enabled him to look forward to the happy reunion of the whole family where parting would be no more. The preacher dwelt with great earnestness of feeling upon the necessity of cultivating brotherly love amidst all the differences on minor grounds, remarking that great as was the gift of faith the greatest of all was charity. A large number of the congrega- tion remained after the service to exchange a few words with the Rev. J. and Mrs Walker. There was a fair muster of the local bat- talion on Saturday afternoon, and Major Greenfield was in command. The first part of the afternoon was devoted to company drill under Sergeant- Major Carey, with Cap- tain Hayes in charge and Lieutenants Wil- liams and Buley as guides. During the latter part of the drill, Major Greenfield exercised the battalion in the revised form of attack, detailing each part, and an instruc- tive and interesting drill was gone through. Major Williams was second in command. There was a large muster of B Company at the butts, under Captain Garbutt, and good progress was made with the musketry course. No fewer than 60 non-commissioned officers and men were exercised on Friday and Satur- day. The signalling class, which is pro- gressing rapidly under Sergeant Major Bur- row and Lieutenant Hennah did a good afternoon’s work sending messages from the Orderly Roorn to the butts and back. The concert to be given by the members of the local Battalion for the purpose of raising funds towards the purchase of a piano, takes place on Friday next, and extensive prepara- tions are going on to make the undertaking a pronounced success. Active practice has been entered into during the past week by the competitors in the melee and bayonet contests, for which Major Williams and Captain Garbutt have kindly presented trophies. A leading feature during the evening will be an exhibition of bayonet exercise by the Cadets from No. 33 School, who were the winners of that event at the last Jubilee Tournament. As this will be their first appearance in public, the exercises will, no doubt, be watched with interest. By the programme published in this issue it will be seen that a varied entertainment is being prepared, and as the whole of the stage (50 feet x 30 feet) has been erected, ample room for the competition has been provided, and the introduction of seats will enable all to obtain a good view of the per- formance. A well-known character named Jane Ross, who was misbehaving herself in a gross manner in Mair street on Saturday night, was arrested by Constable Gorin on a charge of insulting behavior, and lodged in the City lock-up. Dr J. B. Hayes has been appointed public vaccinator for Smythesdale, vice Dr Stewart, deceased. The fortnightly meeting of the City Coun- cil will be held this afternoon. The general committee of the Benevolent Asylum meet this evening. The monthly meeting of the Bungareeshire Council takes place to-day, at the usual hour. Yesterday the children attending the Hebrew school, next the Synagogue, pre- sented the head master (the Rev. Mr Gold- reich) with a New Year’s gift. The presenta- tion was made by Master Elias Cohen and his sister, Miss Rachael, respectively in the names of the boys and girls, who made well- timed little speeches. The reverend gentle- man thanked the pupils in appropriate re- marks, concluding by wishing them in the customary Hebrew phrase at this time of the year, “The compliments of the season.” The present, which was subscribed by the pupils, consisted of a butter-cooler and pair of vases. One inebriate was fined 10s or three days’ imprisonment at the Buninyong Police Court on Saturday. Messrs Hedrick and Newman, J’s.P., adjudicated. A matting wicket will be laid down at the Oval on Tuesday next, for the convenience of those B.C.C. members who wish to get into form. Fine genial weather prevailed yesterday, and was the means of inducing a large num- ber of persons to visit the lake, gardens, and other popular places of resort. The willow and other trees in the botanical and other gardens are budding, and all round there are signs of spring. The Y.M.C.A. sale of gifts and Bruce auction were brought to a close on Saturday night. In a few days the result of the undertaking will be made known. The sale was well patronised on Saturday night. While giving a horse “a trial” in Sturt street on Saturday afternoon, an accident oc- curred which might have proved more serious than was the case. The horse was giving proof of his pulling capabilities in a dray heavily laden with blue metal, and when opposite the Unicorn hotel it suddenly swerved around, and run the dray on to the footpath, but, fortunately, between two of the supports of the balcony of the publichouse, otherwise the structure might have collapsed. The horse fell under its load, but was not injured. Earlier in the day a horse yoked to a spring cart belonging to Messrs Heinz Bros. bolted from Curtis street into Grenville street, and was captured near the Gasworks. The wheel of the vehicle was chained, and the man in charge was not to blame for the run- away. The very handsome and tastefully illumi- nated address, executed by Mr W. N. Lansley, for presentation to the Queensclilf lifeboat crew, was on Saturday exhibited at Messrs Snow and Room’s drapery establish- ment, in Sturt street, where it will be on view for two or three days. The address is in Mr Lansley’s best style, and is well worthy of inspection. A miner named John Middleton, residing in Wainwright street, met with an accident on Saturday at a shallow shaft near the Speedwell claim, on the White Horse Ranges. Middleton was engaged on the surface, when he accidentally fell down the shaft, a depth of about 20 feet. Fortunately, he escaped with no more serious injuries thau a number of severe bruises about the hip and body. He was admitted to the Hospital. A young man named James Martin, resid- ing in Wood street, attended at the Hos- pital on Saturday, suffering from severe bruises on the foot. The injuries were sus- tained by a piece of iron falling on it at the Union Foundry. The number of outdoor recipients of re- lief from the Benevolent Asylum last week was 695. There are 271 inmates at present in the Asylum. The Hospital collector desires to acknow- ledge with thanks the receipt of £8 from Mr D. C. M’Lelland, proceeds of entertainment at Garibaldi State school 2173 on behalf of the Ballarat Hospital. During the past week 75 in-patients and 237 out-patients received treatment at the Ballarat Hospital. Dr Woinarski is the hon. medical officer and Dr Bradford the hon. surgical officer for the present week. Information has been received that the R.M.S. Clyde arrived at Albany yesterday, at 8 a.m. Mr Warden Thomson gave his reserved decision on Saturday in the eases of Hill and others v Seatherd and party, and Hill and others v Lugg and party, for trespass. Mr Gaunt, instructed by Mr Hardy, appeared for the complainants, and Mr Finlayson for defendants. The warden gave his decision in favor of complainants in both parties. Mr Finlayson, for defendants, gave notice of appeal, and seven days were allowed in which to state the cases. The interior of All Saints’ Church, Drum- mond street, has just undergone complete renovation and decoration. The work has been carried out by Mr J. Donaldson, painter and decorator, Sturt street. All the walls have been re-painted, and above the windows and chancel have been placed suit- able scriptural texts on a kind of scroll-work. The effect of the decorations has been increased by some neatly-executed stencil work. The whole of the improvements have been made in a form suitable to the general style of the building, the interior of which now presents a very pretty appearance. The Sunday school building has also been attended to, and additional class rooms provided. About £100 has been laid out in the improvements, and that amount has been appropriately ex- pended. The ordinary committee meeting of the Buninyong Miners’ Association was held on Saturday last, at the Buninyong hotel. Pre- sent—Mr D. Kerr, vice- president, in the chair; and Messrs Hanley, Fitzgerald, Hochetoo. Lippiatt, Delehunty, Brown, Hickey, Heath, and the secretary. Corre- spondence.—From Mr D. M. Davies, M.L.A., regarding the prospecting vote in reference to the Buninyong Estate Company.—Received with thanks. From secretary A.M.A., for- warding report regarding the affairs at St. Arnaud, stating that three fatal accidents to members had occurred, and that attempts were being made to get auriferous lands alienated in different parts of the goldfields; also recommending branches to keep a careful watch on all leased land in their respective districts. From the Secretary for Mines, forwarding mining report for quarter ending 30th June, 1887. —Received with thanks. From E. Collas, regarding contributions. — The secretary was instructed to see him and explain. A conference of representatives of the Talbot Water Trust and Majorca and Caris- brook Borough Councils, with reference to the proposed extension of the Talbot water scheme for the supply of Majorca and Caris- brook, was held in the Town Hall, Caris- brook, on Friday last. The mayor of Carisbrook presided. The Majorca and Carisbrook delegates decided on behalf of their respective municipalities to accept the terms of the Talbot trust, and take the necessary steps for floating a loan to carry out the entire extension. A meeting has been held at Warrnambool to consider the advisability of starting a dis- tillery for the purpose of distilling silent spirit from potatoes. There was not a large attendance, but it was resolved to ascertain the chances of launching a company with a capital of £12,000. A man named Benjamin Chandler, a resi- dent of Healesville, has been found drowned in a creek near Yarra Grange. Deceased has left a widow and nine children. A Sydney telegram published in the Herald says:—"A child named O'Keefe, aged three years, who was crossing Belmore Park on Saturday morning with his brother and sister, was struck by a motor, the wheels of which passed over him, entirely severing his head from his body." A young man named William Lamond, a resident of Castlemaine, who for some time had been the representative of Messrs Dillon and Burrows, confectioners, of Melbourne, committed suicide on Friday evening, by shooting himself. It appears that the de- ceased, who leaves a widow and one child, had heard that one of the representatives of the Melbourne firm had arrived to take stock, and, instead of meeting him, the de- ceased went to Dean’s ironmongery store and obtained a revolver, which he had left a day before, together with some cartridges, and then proceeded to the Mount Alexander hotel. Having partaken of a glass of schnapps at about half-past 10 a.m., he re- tired to a room at the rear and committed self-destruction. There is, it is stated, no evidence to prove that deceased was in pecuniary difficulties, and his reason for committing suicide is, so far, unexplained. The deceased, it is said, had his life insured for £500 in the National Mutual Life Assur- ance Company. An Auckland telegram published in the Argus says:—“The Victorian Government have submitted the views of the various authorities consulted on the question of the defence of Port Phillip to Sir W. Jervois. He adheres to the opinion previously ex- pressed by him regarding the superiority of an inner line of defence.” A Hobart telegram published in the Argus says: —“To-day the hospital board were served with a writ for £2000 damages by a man who when under treatment had a por- tion of an instrument left in his body. The board have referred the matter to the Government.” An Adelaide telegram published in the Argus says:—“The young English clergy- man Radcliffe made a third appearance be- fore the police court this afternoon. George Sturmer, a detective from Christchurch, arrived in Adelaide this morning, and Rad- cliffe immediately gave himself up. He was again charged with leaving New Zealand within four months of being adjudicated bankrupt, with more than £20 in his posses- sion. The accused conducted his own case, urging that, having made provision for the payment of his debts, and not having con- cealed his intention to leave, he had been harshly treated. He was remanded to New Zealand, but gave notice of appeal.” A case of accidental shooting took place in Hyde street, Footscray, about a quarter-past 5 o’clock on Friday afternoon, by which a married woman named Fraser was seriously wounded. It appears that a young man named Copplestone, aged 21, incautiously proceeded to try the carbine of a younger brother, who is a school cadet, and who had just returned from practice at the Williams- town ranges. The elder brother had placed a tin on a fence at the end of an empty allot- ment, and fired three shots from a hen house at a distance of about 150 yards. It seems that Mrs Fraser, led by curiosity to know the reason of the shooting, came out of her house, and immediately received a bullet, which perforated her wrist and then lodged in her right breast. She was assisted inside, and Dr Anderson sent for. He found the woman bleeding freely, but could not trace the whole course of the bullet, which had lodged apparently behind the right lung. Copplestone states that he was unaware that there was any risk of accident, as he thought the weapon would not carry a bullet beyond what would have been a perfectly safe dis- tance. As a matter of fact, a carbine will carry over 1000 yards. Mrs Fraser’s injuries (says the Age) are considered to be of a very serious character. 