POINTS. r ' Whetie They' Sh'onk— Our:criol-oters at the luncheon yesterday. A'PnzzLE.— How was it so mmjr, duffers were chosen to represent Queensland?* Bowled WELL.^-Conninjrham yesterday. Sent in some teazors to:tho Englishmen. JoriLANT. — Soorotiiry Smith,' at hnving pro vided such a first-class orickofc field.: 'Sf- Poon. — Tho display of batting by; tho Eng lishmen yesterday. ? ' '!-..-if:i Ova Willie.— Should have, kept, off tho bench that day. : ....?;.'..'/ ?S Genehal Resionation. — In Paris. 'No, it is not resignation ; anything bat that.. _, The Fiskb. — Are still a-rolling/,through an. unfriendly world inMelbourne.: : .-) 3 Chkietmas NuMBEri. — Of tho' 7F««ijwiU con tain thrilling stories, piotoriuls,'&o.;,'.&'c.v Fifty six pages for 3d. - :~- Cekteal Boakd of, Health.— Had to deal with somo matters anything but healthy. Moro tofollow. ''''''. Hard to Please.— Somo sailing men. No thing short of a disqualification of tho Vendetta would pleaso some of them. : - \ ? ;? ENTirnsiASTic. — The Anniversary 'Regatta, Committee. Tho regatta is bound to be a buc ccsb. ? ' . ; .- Objectionable.— For boys to be sent from solicitors' offices to instruct counsel ;,'at tho Supreme Court. ''?'?''. Mil. Mactahlane. — Wunts to try the Greot ham case again. 'No, thank you, '.'..says tho C.S. ; ' it is deadr— bury it.' V\ PnoTOGiuriiED. — Tho local team of cricketers yesterday. Thoso who mado 'duck eggs' should have a big ono in front of thorn. 'We ahe 3evkn.'— The expression used by those batsmen who failed to muko any runs yesterday. An Innovation. — Thero will bo two canoo races at the regatta on Separation Day, a, pulling and a sailing race. . : Too Close. — The boundary line at tho cricket field. It should bo tho fence, not tho end of the turf. Bold Goeciien.— Says that they havo been saving money in the navul department. Aboub time. Queensland Chicketeiis. — Every tune thoy had to field a smart ball from tho Englishmen yesterday, it was level money it knocked the fielder down. . . ; If They Like It. — There is no reason why the people of Victoria should not vote inonoy to enable Governor Loch to entertain strangers. But why make tho Governor their almoner ? The Hon. John.— Says that ho never wanted the situation. How is it that he allowed his friends to point out and dwell upon his fitness for it and to call him ' His Excellency' ? As Good as His Wobd — Mr. Wraggo gayo the cricketers fine weather yesterday, and will do the same to-day. Had to let it rain last night, though. To Advehtisehs.— If you want to got value for your money tho proprietors of tho Week guarantee a circulation of 10,000 for Christmas number. ' IciiAiioD.' — Scotch wifo (to gos3ip) : 'Ah. dinna ken what's come over tho kirk. Ah.' canna bide to seo our menester spankin' aboot on yon cyclopHjdy.' — I'uneh. Up to Snuff. — Rintel's 'dynamita' snuff ?will clear the hardest and thickest head of all deflexions. Beats Scotch guupowelcr all te- stmff. Pohce op IIakit. — Cox must havo thought hu wns playing football yesterday instead oE cricket. Onlookers said the ball could not pass him if ho used his foot. Hoirnon.— Someono in London (Sladen I think his name is) suggests that Now South Wales bo culled 'Aurora,' or 'Auroria.' Rory O'More would sound better. Nnw Style op Ceicket. — Some o£ tho Queenslunders trying to stop tho ball with thoir feet. Wanted to be a size larger. Why diel they not open their mouths ? An Anxiety.— Aunty: ' Why, Laurie, you seem to bo growing every day.' ' Laurie (whose 0110 idea is Mb birthelay next week): 'Yes, aunty ; I'm afruid I bIiuII bo six before my birthday. ' ' — l'mich . All Sehene. — M. Jules Ferry, speaking at Epinul, tho other day, mado somo important remarks regarding tho Orlcanist manifesto. Ho s-nid thero was no novelty in it dangerous to the Republic. ???????.: Wich Them Ltick.— Tho treatment of iron to pi event rust, to abolish the ircquont use of paint and vurnishcB to make it rustless, is at the present time attracting the attention of architects, engineers, and others who are in terested in this matter. Fair Play. — Lady: 'And so you left your' lust situation through having words with your mistress.' Swell cook : .' Well, 'm, not words — not adzactly what you might call words, 'm, I on'y f-poko to 'er as one lady might to another.' Cast-ieon Peopelleiis. — It is stated that 95 per cent, of the sea-going iron steamships registered in New South Wales are fitted with, cast-iron propellers, und that theso propellers; are considered to be as safe as those made of bronze or other material. ' Who Cauks?— Accounts from Russia agree in stating that the present situation there bears much, resemblance to that immediately preced ing the Crimean war. The watchword all ovtr Russia now, as then, is ' Ono Tongue, one Faith, ono Law.' Good Riddance.— The Archduke ; John of Austria, who. is staying in Paris for a short timo before coming to England, hus, says tho World, fallen into disgrace at tho Court of Vienna; and he has sold all his estates in Austria und intenda to remain in exilo for an. indefinite period. . ; Wkhes It Webe So. — Count Herbert Bis marck will, says a contemporary, pay a short visit to England this month ; but no political significance is to be attached to it, neither aro certain German papers correct iu their suppo sition that tho count's visit has a matrimonial object. . . ?? A Question.— Somo Parisian officials ac cepted presonts of purses mado from Franzini's shin. When detected, they gavo them up. ' If Mr. Parnell was shot, and a Unionist Bormondsey tanner converted his skin into a. pretty writing pad, and presented it to tho editor of tho Times, would it bo returned f' Sx'EAeino to Dad. — Ponsonby — 'I have come to request tho honour of your daughter's, hnnd in marriage.' Poinpauo — 'Impossible!. Never will give my consent.' Ponsonby (anxiously)— '1b your decision final— irrevo-. cable f' Pompano (firmly) — 'It is.' Pon Eonby (much relieved) — 'Thanks, awfully.. Nellie has been pestering mo to ask you, and I; did it just to oblige her. Wobthy Tmdute.— The monument ereoteel to tho lttto Professor Fawcett in Westminster Abbey ib very beautiful. It has been placed against the south wull of the baptistry, and is. in .tablet form, with figures in high relief, sur mounted by tho portrait head in green bronze,, set modnllion-wiso, upon a gold ground. Below the portrait there iB a row of seven small, figures in bronze, plated over with gold and. silver ; each figure is meant to represent some, characteristic of Mr. Fawcett. Tho control, figure is fortitude, shown as an armed warrior tuirying a standard. On tho left are sym-. pnihy, industry, nud brotherhood ; on tho, light, justico, zt-al, and brotherhood again. Pious Man.— In an Italian Catholio church; in New York city they wero having a celebra-. tion, and tho congregation was worked up to a. pitch of enthusiasm. Shouts of 'Viva, JeBu,' 'Viva, Maria,' 'Viva, GuiBoppi,' ' Viva, St.. Maria Maddelena,' and so on, rang through tho church. Just then a joyous Hibernian, wandered in and reverently listened for awhile. Ho stood it for a few moments until he grasped, tho spirit (if tho occasion, and then evidently thinking tho honours not equitably bestowed,, culled out in fitontorinn tones) ; 'Threo cheers for the Holy Ghost I' ? 