MYSTERIOUS DEATH OF MR. JOSEPH DUFFETT. A FATAL GUNSHOT WOUND. The news of the sad death of Mr. Joseph Duffett, well known in racing circles, which took place at Hallam's-road, Dandenong, yes- terday, caused very great surprise and regret amongst his numerous friends and acquaint- ances in Melbourne. A telegram reached his parents about midday to the effect that he had been found lying prostrate at the rear of Uren's Hotel, Hallam's-road, at 9 o'clock in the morning, and that very little hope of his recovery was entertained. His father Mr. J. G. Duffett, of the firm of Duffett and Manton, solicitors, and also his mother left Melbourne by the afternoon train, together with Mr. Girdlestone, surgeon, and some immediate friends; but before their arrival the unfortunate young man had died. The information to hand concerning Mr. Duffett's death is very meagre, and there is no definite information as to how the fatal gunshot wound was inflicted. Mr. Duffett had been in the country for some weeks past, and beyond the fact that he was on a shooting expedition nothing was known of his whereabouts by his relations until they heard the sad news of yesterday. Mr. Duffett was discovered by a companion in an almost unconscious condition some distance from the hotel, with a fearful wound which pierced the left side immediately under the heart. The wound was caused by a medium sized bullet, which passed completely through the body, The place being some distance beyond Dan- denong, considerable time was lost before medical aid could be obtained for the sufferer, who died shortly before 6 o'clock. The deceased gentleman was known in the racing world under the name of Mr. J. G. Reid, and was the trainer of Grace Darling, the win- ner of the Caulfied Cup of 1883—the memor- able race in which the light weight jockey Donald Nicholson was killed, and a number of riders and horses injured through the accident at the turn into the straight. Grace Darling ran second to Sheet Anchor for the following Melbourne Cup, and was only beaten by a short head in the fastest race ever run in this country. The Ghost, Gadfly, Hot Iron and a number of other well known racers were trained by the deceased, who was also part owner of the animals. An inquest will be held to-day at Uren's Hotel. 