3 wins or sews. New Zealand. — A Beater's -wire from Wellington states that an official an nouncement in connection with the antici pated general elections throughout New Zealand has been made. The elections an to take place on Monday, the 26th of September, and the new Parliament will assemble on the 6th of October. A Heavy Fleece. — The champion Gibson ram of 1886, at present owned by Messrs. Peterson and Sarcood, has been shorn at Wnnnamnrra, and cat 21 lbs. for eleven months growth: The ram has been grass- fed. It is stated that the fleece taken from the animal last year was scoured, and yielded nearly 12 lbs. of wool fit for manu facture. A Giant Locust. — Miss Mabel Laidlaw, daughter of Mr. David Laidlaw of this town, recently returned from a visit to Baranya, near Hughenden, Queensland, and brought with her a natural cariosity in the shape of an immense locust, said to be a fair specimen of the pest whieh at certain seasons of tire year infest the northern colony. This huge member of the great family, which our readers «an scarcdy fail to know are of the order OrthopUxia, and .section SaJtutoria, is just four inches in length, and over two inches round the thickest part of the body. The hind legs of the insect— we hadalmost said bird— mo three and a-half inches long, . and the portion of the leg above the first joint thick and Indicative of great strength. Below the joint the leg' somewhat resembles a saw, and it has been suggested to as that' it is nsed by the Ideust for catting posts and . rails wherewith to fence in the paddocks from which ft has successfully dnvor that uiriortnimte creature man.' The wings are correspondingly large, and the wing covers of(a brownish fane, -peculiar to the toaestra rmgwtaria. We mention the latter fact to impress the leader' with' onr knowledge of natural history,' The interesting import will remain forexhibition at the ' Spectator Office forw.Se w - dan after -whlchit will he added to Mr. Wall's innseumat the- Hamilton " y - ; j 1 HAOTTTON" PoiaCT: CoTTaTMTO 1 F.-K. Qrme,'P,M.," J: fr Archer end Jas. raW-SSgnpied the BebdhStthls Cou&. yeiiztxlay. An inebnale was -fined PTOeedeajegafjHrKscher torSoover yat 7d for goodseoW and delivered. MtMel-' mmmzMszss Hotel, and A. Baudinstfce/lioensee of the Bochara Tim, for not having lamps outside their respective hostelries, as required by section 87 of tfee licensing Act. The offences were admitted, and a fine of 5s, with 6s W costs, was inflicted in each case. Garners licenses were granted to R Iidwill, bun- keld. and G. field, Victoria Valley, after which the Court adjourned. Treasury Accounts. — The paymas ter at Hamilton has requested us topublisli the following announcement for public infor mation : — Accounts for the undermentioned persons are awaiting payment at the local Treasury, and if not drawn on or before the 81st inst. will be returned to the head office for examination : — J. Best, P. Bslkin, A. Black, B. Bryant, A. Cameron, W. Crnick- shank, J. Dqggan, II. Duncan, W. Dunton, E. H. Eagland, Fan-oil and Son, J. Fulford, F. Grey, E. Gibson, F. Hoggins, K. Horan, fL Hustler, C. C. Hughes and Co., P. Nelly, W. Lord, L. M"Gann, D.M'Donald, M. O'Neil, B. Bobertson, J. Boss, S. Samuel, J. Shaw, M. M. Silberberg, G. Spong, E. Tim mo. M. A. Tornbull, W. S. B. Wood- forde. Hoaxing an Editor. — In the course of his duties, the enterprising editor of the Sportsman deemed it in the interests of his readers advisable to have a little chat with Mr. Scobie about Blue Mountain, the V.A.T.C. Grand National winner._ Those who know Scobie can imagine his quiet smile of satisfaction when he told the repre sentative of the sporting paper that he was impressed with the gameness of Mountain Maid when a boy at Hamilton, that when he had arrived at manhood some years after and sold her son Blue Mountain, then a yearling, he did not hesitate to give one hundred and "fifty guineas for him, and now a thousand would not tempt him to part with toehorse. The writer of the article thinks one hundred and fifty guineas was a big price to give for a yearling, and, doubtless, others will agree with him. Western district men are inclined to wonder whether Blue Mountain is the Blue Mountain bred by Mr. N. D'O. Willia from Mountain Maid, his sire .bong Croagh Patrick, -trained by Mr. Scobie, re turned to Mr. Willis, because, in Mr. Scobie's opinion, be was not much good, and subse quently purchased by Mr. Scobie from Mr. Willis for something like £30 ! Interrogatories. — As previously reported in the Spectator , the executors of the late Mr. E. S. Parkes, superintendent of the Bank of Australasia, who was killed in the Windsor railway accident, have com menced an action against the Railway Com missioners for the recovery of £39,789, by way of compensation. Mr. Hodges, on behalf of the defendants, has applied for and obtained leave to administer a number of interrogatories to the plaintiffs. The latter will be required to answer questions which are in effect as follow : — What were the an nual personal and household expenses of the deceased, including gifts to charities, for each of the three years preceding his death; what was the amount of premiums paid or payable by -deceased on his life assurance policies ; what amount of pecuniary assist ance did the persons on whose behalf the action was brought receive from deceased during the -three years preceding his death ; what amount has been or -was to be received from the Bank of Australasia ; did deceased subscribe to an employes' fund in connection with the bank, and if so, what amount were the executors entitled to get therefrom? The Natistuk Railway. — The newly- constructed railway line from Hor sham to Natimuk and Noradjuha was officially opened on Wednesday, when Messrs. W. Madden and B, Baker, members for the Wimmera, were the only Parlia mentary representatives present. . The new line ends about a mile and a-half from Nati- mnk, and a deputation of the residents urged the members to endeavor to get the line extended to the township before next harvest. The members did not think that could be done until another Railway Bill was prepared, and advised the deputation to go in for a tramway. At Noradjuha a deputation, concerning which onr Karnah correspondent had something to say in a recent issue of the Spectator, waited upon the members and urged the construction of a vermin-proof fence between Karnak and Kalingar, a dis tance of eight miles along the fringe of the Mallee. The members promised to bring the matter nnder the notice of Ministers and nrge that something should be done to protect the settlers from the ravages of rabbits and wild dogs. A num ber of other deputations interviewed the visitors, the desirability of railway exten sion being made from Noradjuha to Salt lakes, and from Natimuk to Goroke, being forcibly urged. The members were further asked to secure the extension to Karnak of the mail service between Horsham and Harrow, also to request the Government to take over the gravel pits at Noradjuha. A banquet held in honor of the occasion was well attended and passed off very success fully. Dreadful Cant. — Some time ago the celebrated Australian prima donna, Miss Amy Sherwin, offered to devote a portion of : the proceeds of one of her entertainments "to a charitable object, but the offer was refused by a lady who took an active part in the management of the charity in question. This is how the Day Star , a Tasmanian religions paper, alludes to the talented cantatrice ; — " Her career has been highly credit able to herself all through. But is she doing right ? Shonld not that charming gift of song be consecrated to Him from whom it came ? Alas ! this applause that rings in her ears to-day, what comfort will it bring when the dying honr has come? There will be sweeter voices Yonder than Amy Sherwin 's now. What if she finds herself ont of tune, and unable to join in the melody of Heaven ?" Anlns in the Australasian commenting on the above says : — " What, indeed ! However, I am glad that the writer seems to give her an implied chance of being present, even as one of the audience. Let us hope that she will have a reserved place, and also that the writer in the Day Star will be there too, and won't ' lie howling ' in some place else." Coursing. — As some misunderstand ing appears to have arisen in regard to the qualification to nominate a dog for the forth coming Mount Gambler coursing meeting, it may be explained (says the Star) that any fall member of the clab can nominate with out farther charge, bat non-members mast pay the qualification fee of 10s 6d. At past meetings, owners of dogs have not infre quently entered their nominations in the name of a member of the dob to avoid pay ment of the qualification fee, which is not considered a just course of procedure, so "to avoid this in future the club have decided that where a member nominates a dog not his own bona Jide property, he shall pay the nomination foe on each such nomination. This rule will, we understand, be strictly enforced, and a breach of it will entail the loss of any stake won by such nomination: The rule is a good one, and as it prevents the penurious from running their dogs at other peopleh expense; so far as the qualifi cation fee is concerned, and thus protects the interests of theclub. What They Deserve.— In the divorce court, Sydney, on Thursday (says an Argus telegram) Frances Smith, daughter of Mr. Martin Simonsen, theatrical manager, was granted a decree nisi for dissolution of marriage with John S. Smith, theatrical agent, the rule to he made absolute in six months. An order for costs was made against the defendant, who was held to have neen. guilty of cruelty and adultery on various occasions. - The parties were married In Honart in 1881, the petitioner being then 16 yqttrs old, And she alleged that the respon dent treated her cruelly Very shortly after the marriage and up to the commencement of 1883, when the petitioner left him. In connection with this case the Chief Justice referred towhat he regarded as a defeet in the divorce law. Three cases, he raid, had come before him this week which showed that the law wra not strong enough tb do C0!JlJnce- Merely granting folief to a petitioner was not doing justice in 'raises whefo men ill-treated their wives, lived on them and their relatives, And deserted them. The only penalty which the Court conMra- ffict unoffending patties was to make them pay the costs; but if imprisonment for mi-1 monUmwrffi hard lsbonr oopfal be brought' about, jnsticewquld he done J» the public : J Railway Aocident.— A mixed tranv Servicefam) day/and thdpss- smAgnmaihad wi&w; eseaptf Whilethetrain.waA goingat toerafeoMB damaged, frit ho -ot£u- Gold and Silver. — A Heuters wire from Wellington received yesterday states that a rich&nd; of gold is reported in the Thames district (North Island), New Zea land. Atom of quartz taken from a reef at assayed 136 ozs. of gold and 2500 ozs. of silver. Let as hope the miners were not inconvenienced by the silver. Mark Twain we think it is who t&Us; of a place in California where the miners were very much discouraged at having to dig through a couple of feet of solid silver in order to get at the gold. Football. — A match will be played .to-day on the Friendly Societies' Reserve, between teams representing the Hamilton and Penshurst Clubs, play to commence at 2.30 p.m. The team to represent Hamilton will be chosen from the following : — Ah earn, Barker, Brewis, BromeU, Cameron, Camp bell, CaQard, Greed, Hes, Kennedy, Moore, M'LeUan, Rippon, Sandison, Tulloh and Wyatt. Reynabd Again. — Following close after the report, published in onr last issue, that a fox had been killed at Vfarrabkook comes the intelligence that a large fox was destroyed a few d&yB; ago in Victoria Valley. It appears that Mr. B&pley; disturbed Master Reynard in the act of killing a sheep and two dogs that B&pley; had with him at once went?' for the thief. After a short chase the fox was ran down and killed. The skin of the brute was yesterday bronght into Hamilton by Mr. W. O'Halloran, who has jpifrfrAftfj a subscription in order to reward Bapley and encourage turn to be on the qui vive for the pests in the fntore. Every encouragement shonld certainly be afforded to those who have special opportunities for destroying such vermin and thus prevent the extension of an evil which may reach disastrous proportions if not promptly checked. Dunkjeld Petit Sessions. — The monthly sitting of this Court was held on Thursday before Mr. F. K. Orme, P.M. Thomas Lynch summoned Thomas Sandison, and his son, Thomas Sandison, jnn., for driving sheep through complainant's land at Victoria Valley without .giving the proper notice in writing. The elder Sandison had a cross case against Lynch for setting on a dog to worry sheep. After some time had been occupied in examining a couple of wit nesses, the several litigants accepted a sug gestion from the Bench and withdrew all their cases. Bible Society. — On Tuesday last a meeting of the Committee of the Hamilton Bible Society was held in the vestry of the Presbyterian Church. The meeting was a representative one. The Secretary (the Rev. J. C. Macdongall) stated that the Rev. E. W. Robinson, the agent of the Parent Society, would visit the Western District during the second week in October. It was resolved to hold the Annual Meeting on Monday evening, October 16th, in the Tem perance Hall. The Secretary reported that two of the five districts into which the town is divided had not been canvassed for sub scriptions, and also that the surplus copies of the Queen's Jubilee New Testament were for sale at the Bible Depot (Mr. Bacon's), Thomson street. Those who desire to secure a copy of this Jubilee Testament must be prompt in the matter, as. no doubt the surplus copies will soon be disposed of. A Four-Mile Steeplechase.— A Melbourne correspondent writes : — " The Victoria Amateur Turf Club on Saturday last introduced us to a new departure in the way of racing in the shape of a four- mile steeplechase. Lately owners have shown a decided inclination to -cut down the distance of races rather than increase them, and the action of the V.A.T.C. in including in their August programme a four-mile event was certainly a bold step. -It was announced on all hands that owners would not enter for each an event, bat ' the prize was fired at 300 so vs. and owners did' enter. Most of the celebrated cross-country horses were nominated, and ont of thirteen acceptors twelve faced the starter. These furnished the best steeplechase ever seen over Caul- field, and the . success of the new departure was so pronounced that owners of jumpers had better start training for long distances without delay, as the two and two and-a- half m3e races are now certainly doomed." Is Confidence Restored? — It lias been said by a waggish observer of hnman nature that a necessary condition to the thorough enjoyment of the Inscious sausage is the possession of perfect confidence in one's fellow' man. Dr. L. Henry made a statement recently which was well calcu lated to disturb the minds of the most con fiding, and to suggest misgivings of the gravest nature. He said that in the estab lishments where Fritz sausages are manu factured, putrid and flukey meat, including bad pork, are nsed np in the preparation of the Fritz delicacy, nothing being too bad to reject. Tbe city market inspector has made a special report on theae allegations to the Central Board, of Health, and the food con sumers of the Fritz "bags of mystery" are informed that it is not possible to put had meat into sausages without causing them to ferment and so become uneatable. Whether Dr. Henry will have anything more to say on the subject remains to be seen. Meanwhile, notwithstanding the inspector's denial, an un qualified condemnation coming from a pro- fecssional man has engendered a nasty sus picion with . regard to Fritz sansages, from which the public who noticed Dr. Henry's remarks may take a longtime to recover. Too Forcible. — Mr. S. Nathan, a Melbourne solicitor, has received a legal lesson from a billiard-marker. It appears that the latter considered himself entitled to his expenses as a witness in a case conducted by Mr. Nathan, and attempted to collect the money in person. A squabble took place in tile lawyer's office, in the course of which Mr. Nathan hit his visitor on the head with a ruler. For this departure from the practise of the profession a Supreme Court jury have formed the opinion that Mr. Nathan shonld pay the billiard-marker £71 by way of com pensation for the injuries, and a verdict to that effect is placed on record. With all the resources of the law at cost price at his com mand wherewith to destroy his antagonist, it is singular that Mr. Nathan should have resolved to such a vulgar proceeding as that lor wnxen the jury elected to punish uim. The lawyer says, however, that his visitor brandished a chair and otherwise threatened him, therefore he only acted in self-defence when he tupped the billiard-marker on the cranium. That the jury would not accept that view of the case is Mr. Nathan's mis fortune. Collision at Sea. — The large clipper ship, Persian Empire, came into collision with . another large vessel, the Victoria Begina, about five miles and a-hali west of Hogan's Island on the 23rd inst. The collision took place in broad daylight, shortly before 5 o'clock in the evening. The Victoria Begina struck tbe Persian Empire on the port side immediately abreast of the main hatch, cutting clean through three and partially through a fourth plate of the latter vesseL The jibboom of the Victoria Begina Stretched right across the deck of the Persian Empire and did considerable, damage to her rigging. The fades in the Persian Empire were plugged upas well as could be done under the circumstances, and the weather being fortunately fine- she was got safely bed: to Hobson's. Bay, from whence she had sailed on the previous day. The Victoria Begina was also damaged ; the Persian Em pire was picked up by the tog Albatross off Cape Schanck and towed into the Bay in safety. , \- The Rabbit Act. — A conference of delegates from a number of Shires interested in the working of the Babbit Act was held in the National Agricultural Society's rooms, Melbourne, during the present week. Warr- nambooland Stawdl .were represented, but .there were no delegates from the Wimmera, Kowree, Dpndas, Wannon, Lowan, Glenelg, or Mjnhamite Shires, ail of which are taxed more or less by the rabbit plague. A number -otresolntions agreed to at a meeting held at Bacchus Marsh: were considered at the con ference, and rejected by si motion which .rpads as f<ffipw'fe"That ti» reeommenda- tions of ihb'qbhforehce lield at Bacchus Miush be idisagreed with as nnsatiafactoiy, in so farthattheyjo not affirm the principle that . the Government -should be solely re- -apbnrible.forthb cost and administration of thi Act." ' A propotition to the effect that .1fah Government be requested to place acom- me&bl; valnc rin aMna,'as a , means of pro- motini; the dcfctractibh hf rabbits, was sub- , b'nt wiis not agreed , jRASaWMUItSE iPRmLBGKS. — At half pasttwo ifais aftemoon, iMr. S., Stretch will fprBtiete the Victoria Hotel, the cater- WvflefriewMctitmwith the North ;fi£naringpiiffinii»ting to be held an :toil?S«SS.gralimpreasion be a very large attendance Mlhe xaoes. The Intercolonial Rifle Matches. —The Jubilee meeting of the South Aus tralian Rifle Association has bran continued during the week. We observe that Private M' Donald, of Merino, was a prize-taker in a match for the Secretary's Silver Cnp. Tbe Ladies Match, 600 yards, was won by Private Baley _ of this colony, Private M' Donald obtaining second place. Sergt. ilawson's name appears among those of the minor prizs-takers. That Hammering. — Mr. T. E. Dakin, the contractor whose hammering dis turbs the business of the Law Courts in Melbourne, appeared before his Honor tbe Chief Justice on Thursday to show cause why he should not be committed to prison for contempt of Court. Mr. Box, on the coutractor's behalf, took objection to the legality of the order made by the Chief Justice, in which Mr, Dakin was commanded to stop the hammering in the yard adjoining the Court. He claimed that the Court had no jurisdiction, and liis Honor offered to note an appeal on that point to the Foil Court. In conclusion, Mr. Box said that counsel had not had time to prepare the de fence, and asked for an adjournment until Thursday, which was granted. Mr. Dakin undertook that the hammering, which was proceeding as vigorously as usnal while the case was under investigation, would be stopped in the meantime. Lecture at Btaduk. — Tlie Rev. J. C. M&cdoug;&U; is announced to deliver a lecture in the Wesleyan Church, Byaduk, ou next Thursday, tbe 1st prox., on the subject of "Abraham Lincoln, The Mar tyred President. " The proceeds are to be devoted to the circuit funds. Mr. Mac- dougall's powers as a platform speaker are well known in this district, and we under stand his lecture on Lincoln is one of his best efforts. There should be a large gather- ing to hear the reverend gentleman, who will, wo doubt not, most ably treat a highly interesting enbject. The Hated Mongolian John Chinaman is likely to come to grief before long. Some short time since a meeting of the unemployed denounced him aa a cabinet- maker, and suggested that the poll-tax to be paid by Chinese entering the colony should be raised to £100. This week a meeting of market gardeners reviled the unfortunate Celestial as a cabbage-grower, and nassed a resolution that not only should a poll-tax of £100 be imposed, bat also a farther annual charge of £10 pel- head. More than this, John is to be boycotted. Many of the Chinese vegetable hawkers attend tbe mar ket on each market day, and bny from European growers such stock as their custom may warrant, but the recent meeting agreed that under no circumstances should garden Sroduee hereafter be sold to Chinese, so oli ii must now grow all his own vege tables. Presence of Mind. — a robbery whioh was effected at Woods' Hotel, Spencer-street, Melbourne, on Wednesday evening, was attended by some noteworthy circnmstances. It appears that Mrs. Woods, the landlady, had occasion to go to her bed room, which was on the first floor of tbe hotel, immediately over tbe bar, when she observed a man who was endeavouring to get under tbe bed. On being promptly chal lenged by the lady the man said he had mis- taken the room for bis own, at the same time rushing for the door, which he closed and locked, the key being on the outside, leaving Mrs. Woods imprisoned inthe room. The lady raised an outcry which attracted her son, who ran np stairs and met the thief coming down. The latter coolly remarked, " Look sharp, there's a fire upstairs," and passed on. The barmaid met him in the passage ; to her he said, " Ring the bell, please, there's a fire upstairs," ana with that he gained tbe street and disappeared. Mrs. Woods was liberated by her son, and it was found that the audacious visitor had stolen a fold watch, some money and jewellery, is haul being valued at £26. The police are " making inquiries." Consecration of a Bishop. — A solemn ceremony took place on Thursday iu. St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, St. Kilda, when Dr. Corbett was consecrated a Bishop. Dr. Corbett has for many years been parish priest of St. Kflda, and is well- koown as one of the leading members of the Catholic clergy in this colony. The cere mony of consecration was performed by Dr. Carr. Archbishop of Melbourne, who was assisted by the following prelates : — Dr. Reynolds, Archbishop of Adelaide ; Dr. Murray, Bishop of M&itland;, (N.S.W.); Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Tasmania ; Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballar&t; ; and Dr. Neville, Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst. The cere monies were carried out under the direction of the Rev. Dean Donagby. There was a large gathering of tbe Catholic clergy and laity on the oc casion, and a fall choir, under the direction of Mr. Maver, rendered suitable music. The proceedings opened with a pro cession of the clergy, after which the Bishop designate was clothed in the vestments pre scribed for such occasions. The Rev. J. L. F. Heg&rty; read the episcopal mandate from the Pope, and Dr. Corbett made his con fession of faith and loyalty to the Church. Mass was Then commenced, and daring its progress the ceremony of consecration was performed. An appropriate sermon was preached by the Rev. Father OTarrell, one of the Redemptionist Fathers, of the War&tah; Monastery, N.S.W. The rev. gentleman took for his text the 18th, 19 th and 20th verses of the 2Sth chapter of Matthew : — " And Jesus, advancing, said unto them, ' All power is given to me in heaven and on earth. Go ye, therefore, teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, instrnctiug them to observe ail that I have commanded yon ; and. behold I am with yoa ell days, even, to the consum mation of the world.' n Dr. Corbett hA8 been appointed to the newly -created diocese of Sale. Nine Persons Killed by Light- yiNG. — The funeral of a negress was being conducted recently in a graveyard at Mount Pleasant, sixty miles south of Nash ville, Tennessee, when a storm came on, and the crowd ran for shelter under the trees. Nine persons stood under a large oak, which the lightning struck, every one in- stantly, including three clergymen and the mother and two sisters of the girl who had been buried The Rezult of Eating Bad Meat. — The Paris correspondent of the Daily Hews telegraphs : — " A death is reported of a grazier named Pomarede from eating a steak taken from an ox belonging to mm which had died of blood-poisoning from the sting of a venomous By. Pomarede had a grass farm at Fonrque, near La Scire. He | died six hoars after having eaten the steak. Decomposition was so rapid that the mayor of his commune judged well to authorise his burial within the time prescribed by law." Duelling in Gebhany.— A certain Major HIntze, a German officer who bad re tired .from the army, appears (gays the Broad Arrow) to have entered on the field - of politics, and having been .abased and : slandered by an oponent, prosecuted him in a court of law ana had him punished. Most reasonable people would think that this was not only sufficient, bnt the proper coarse to pursue. In Germany, however, there ap pears to exist In tie Army a Court of Honour, before which Major Hintze's case was also brought, and this court having in vestigated it, has deprived Major Hintze of his title and his right to wear hie uniform in fntnre. The civil law in Germany directs tbat anyone challenging to n duel with deadly weapons is liable to dz months' Imprison ment ; and Major Hintze, for complying with this law and not challenging a politics! firebrand, who is probably not worth powder and allot, bra been degraded by the Court of Honour, end the sentence has been approved; by the Emperor. In Germany, therefore, duelling is recognised by the military code, while the civil Jaw forbids it, and "the un written milituy law would appear to over- ; ride the civfl. With us happily the reverse j is the case, as military law must give ; way to civil. H'the German system were to be applied in the House of pJommone when ( some members make disparaging and abusive . remarks of those "who 'drffer from fhem, we fancy there wbuld, be" some lively moriiiiige at Wormwood Scrubs. " : . U . , Cake and arbon faiil-rJBir ad-: vertisement it U announeled that a "<3ake and Apron Fafo,', Jwhatevra flint; may raeah, > is to lbe held daring the Sho w "week in the local Temperance HSsH ill aid of the-fondsbf, the Hamilton Wetieya&phBRh.; of -eame months past the iadieirbf th£ ieraJjatoatiim have been «t wnrir'inHhirfflton.-ySyndiik, ; and Macarthncahd.bave'atherea -T,wery choice selection df pseM and fency wticles for this fair. HnsfoaTeM btiier erirto0918 HI be pwsHefl). V/ j J A Question of Discipline. — -The case of breach of etiquette which led Lord Gnarles Beresford to recently tender his re signation is described as follows by the San Francisco correspondent of the Argus Lord Charles Beresford, Junior Lord of toe Admiralty, has resigned his position, ine cause of this step was a minor breach of etiquette at the naval review. While the Queen was receiving the captains of the fleet u tbe saloon of the Royal yacht Victoria and Albert, Lord Charles Beresford signalled to « m ' ??b'ress« "hoard which his wife was Tell Lady Charles to go immediately aboard tiie yacht Lancashire Witch, where 1 will join her. The captain of the Enchant ress, when the signal was given, thought, of course, it was a Royal Command, and felt greatfo enraged when the message was spelled out. He complained privately to his friends, and in some way the Times got hold of the ooroent and published the whole story. Lord Charles had then no option bnt to re- ®ign. The Queen, however, refused to re ceive tbe resignation." Where was He ? — A venerable lady who got on the spree on Wednesday was given a conundrum by the Ballarat Town Police Court Bench on Thursday reports the Courier. The magistrate enquired, "Are you married?" to which she replied, "Snre I've been a widow for fourteen years." A titter of laughter ran through the Court as the absent minded magistrate immediately asked, " Well, where's your husband ?" Before she bad time to reply to the awkward question, the sergeant reminded the magistrate that she was a widow. The old lady, after the Court was over, expressed indignation at being asked such a question, and she re marked to a by-stander that " if his Honor wanted to know where her late husband was, ahe would tell him that he was out of purgatory many a long year ago, and was now living in the blessed Heaven with the holy angels." Important Sheep Sale. — It is an nounced _ in onr advertising columns that a bl1; high class pore merino ewes and rams will be conducted by Messrs. Fisken, Valen tine and Co., at Yallum Park, near Penola, on Thursday the 22nd prox. This is Mr. John Riddora's second annual sale, and the selection _of sheep he is able to offer for public competition is so good that a large number of Western District breeders will probably hp ttHmpfpil fn flin rattles A huge fox was killed at Warrenheip on Tuesday. h man, name unknown, was run over and killed by.the train near Benalia on Tuesday night. The Chief Secretary is making vigorous efforts to bring the workshops of the Chinese in the metropolis within the operation of the Factories Act. A competitive international exhibition is to be held in Brussels next year, and the Victorian Government have been asked to co-operate. Messrs. Laidlaw and Fenton desire to draw attention to the leasing by auction of the Deerhnrst Park Estate, at their rooms to-day, at 3 o'clock p. m., sharp. It is intimated in our advertising columns i that entries for the Grand Nifiooal Show, to ' be held at Horsham next month, close on the 14th prox. The licensed victuallers of Echuca have formed themselves into an election com mittee ' with the object of securing proper representation. " A lad named O'Brien was thrown from a baker's cart at Woodend oa Tuesday and ' killed. The accident was caused by the horse succeeding in rubbing off his winkers. The taxation proposals of the Tramanian Government are considered so unsatisfactory that they are only likely to pass through the Assembly in a materially modified form. A leading metropolitan paper describes the deputation of Western District sheep- breeders that waited upon Mr. Dow on Wednesday as a deputation from the " Hamilton Shire Council." Judge Worthington has punished a pre varicating insolvent named Mailer by com mitting him to prison for three days. The delioquent, like others of bis genus, had a defective memory. The funeral of Mr. Miles, Minister of Pub lic Works for Queensland, took place in Brisbane on Wednesday, and was attended by numerous representatives of both Houses of Parliament. A chess match with Bring pieces was recently played at Kapnnda (S.A)in aid of the local Institute funds, and proved most successful. Here is an idea for local seekers after novelty. Entries have been made for the Ballarat Grand Champion Sheep Show on the 1st and 2nd September next, as follows : — Merinos, 222 ; Iongwools, 90; fat sheep, 24 ; total, 336. . The stationmaster Gedge, of Windsor rail way notoriety, refnses to aceept dismissal from the Victorian Railway Commissioners, and contends that he is still in the service and entitled to his pay. The Juries Statute Amendment Bill, which passed through the Assembly on Wednes day night, proposes an increase in the foes pud to common jurors from 5s to 10s a day, the amonnt now paid to special jurors. Mr. Young is to ask in the Assembly on next Tuesday whether the Government ap prove of the action taken by the Chief Jns- tice relative to Mr. Dakin, the contractor whose hammering disturbs the law Courts. Mr. S. Stretch desires us to direct the attention of intending vendors to an ad vertisement in another column, announcing his intention to hold an anction sale at Condah on Thursday next, 1st September. Dne to the bending of the aide rods an en gine broke down on the Mnryborongh line on Wednesday. There seemB to be a sort of epidemic prevailing among the engines of the Victorian Railway Department jnst now. The Government steamer Lady Loch haa bran despatched to search the Bass Struts for a schooner called the Magnolia, which left Melbourne for Baimsdale, Gippsland, on July tire 14th, and bra not since been heard of. At a meeting held this week, the commit tee of the Coleratee Pastoral and Agricul tural Society derided to support the candi dature of Mr. Anderson, M.L.A., for the vacancy in the Council of Agricultural Edu cation. At Christ Church, Hamilton, .to-morrow morning. Archdeacon Gooper will preach on the enbject of "Contentment." In the evening the subject of the sermon — the fifth of a course to young men— is "Bocks Ahead." . Alittle boy, son of Mr. C. Phillips, State school teacher, living near Creswick, was choked last week by a piece of cocoanut he was eating slipping into his windpipe. The little fellow straggled four hoars before death put an end to his Bufferings. A woman named Peaty alleges tbat she wss the enbject of an attempted outrage near VTarragul on Wednesday evening. She describes a .straggle, no trace of which can' be discovered by the police, who discredit the women's story. Writers in the metropolitan press . are denyinp that Mr. Locihart Morton, who claims a royalty on swing-gates, is the in- ventor of that convenience. A correspon dent says that the gate was in use in -Eng land something like 100 years ego. .. Mr. Fletcher, for over three year editor of the Horsham Times,1 is . to migrate, to Stawell, where he takes charge of the Ohsronide. A Horsham paper sayB tbat Mr. Fletcher " does not leave so enemy behind him" in that town.' An - editor without enemies? Have we "reached the miileninm? Tbe Roeidans, the. leading amateur ' dra matic clnb of tiie city, gave performances at the Theatre Royal tbia week in aid of .the Melbourne charities. The Boacians played Macbeth to crowded houses, Mr. P. J. Dng- gia aranming the principal raU, rath. Miss Louise Davenport as Jjady Maobefh. The members for the Wimmera, Messrs.. Madden and Baker, who did. tiro railway- opening at Natimnk -on Wednesday, had no sinecure. Ho fewer than five depntations waited upon tbem to urge, local wants and give the members an appetite for., tiie ban- tlftet. ' - - - Two men who were smJgned Jhis week in the Central Criminal Court on a charge at aseanlt wjthlntefitfo rob were fonna gollty of rammonhSsauft. - At tiie, request or the" tirieoners' " ifojuwel 5#heTChlef. Justice Son- sented "to bbateTa Tprae asto' wbstiiri'ti16 prisoners -cbnld '.he '/convicted of n ;mis- demeanor, when Ahey were presehtea Joria tilonypT- "< \- 1"- -r. -- - . j- l The eflEedtehf jfocd Ixrftns, date Go vernor; dfifoweonih. WMe«vimraJwraraIdi>y.»iic- tion mSydheyfortheiieiiefit of his creditors. Inrinded anamRtiie -artiries abld waa apre-. hearingitiie .JutowmgjaiM«ajp4— Pre. Yieniia. . jPMaribgft 