West Maitland Borough Council. irt&fSk; ?*. BPecial meeting of the WeBt Maitland Borough ípíPlH3auncil was held in the Council Chamber, on Tues ,1 day evening for the purpose of discussing the desirableness of joiuing with the townspeople in appointing a deputation to interview tho Minister of Justice on the subject of the site for a Town Hall. There were present : The Mayor (Dr. Pierce) Aldermen Crothers, Gillies, Relton, Birkenhead, Young, Pulbrook, and Cracknell. Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and at the instance of Alderman Relton an addition was made to the record, after which the minutes were confirmed. The Mayor explained the purpose for which the Council bad assembled. In response to a requisition addressed to him from several townsmen ho bad con. vaned a public meeting on the previous Wednesday \- evening. At that meeting, over which he presided as Mayor, it was decided, after the matter had been fully discussed, that a deputation consisting of Messrs John L. Lee, H. H. Capper, W. T- Poulton, N. D. Cohen, and Jas. Main be appointed to co-operate with a deputation of the aldermen, to be appointed by the Council, for the purpose of interviewing the Minister of Justice on the 16th instant, to know definitely whether the Government will hand over fa the Council the Justice Hotel site for the pur- pose of erecting thereon â town hall and municipal offices. A second resolution affirmed that the deci- sion of the meeting be made known to the Council, with a request that the aldermen would appoint a deputation from their number to co-operate with the townspeople. He did not propose to enter into any discussion of the question. The Council had til along shown a desire to co-operato with the townspeople in the matter of the proposed town hall, and it could could not be said of that body that it had not done the best it could to further the movement. Alderman Crothers moved that Alderman Gil- lios, Relton, Pulbrook, and Browne be appointed to accompany the deputation, chosen by the towns- people at a recent public meeting, to Sydney to interview the Minister of Justice for the purpose of .Waining from him a definite answer in the matter «Í Council's application for the Justice Hotel site j for the erection of a town hall and offices. Alderman Relton said it was customary for the mover of a resolution to add his own name. Alderman Crothers said he had no objection. He was not sure, however, that he would be able to go to Sydney on Thursday night. The resolution was seconded by Alderman Cracknell. In reply to Alderman Relton, Alderman Gillies said that the Minister of Justice, whon in Maitland, some few weekB eiuce, recommended that a special meeting of the Council be held, and application made to him in writing on behalf of the Council for the Justice Hotel site for the purpose indicated. He then learned from the Minister that the land was not to be used for the purpose for which it was acquired. Mr. Clarke further said that a deputa- tion would waste time, and a letter would be better in the circumstances. 0 Alderman Birkenhead said he was in favor of H the proposal to appoint a deputation, if for no ? other reason than that it would tend to bring the H matter to some final conclusion. The official letter H received in reply to the Council's application was H that the latter would receive due consideration. H They knew what that probably meant : that it H would be considered at some indefinite period. If fl_ the Minister gave the deputation a reply in the J5|&«egative, then the Council could proceed to discuss ?p*-the recommendation made by the Town Hall Site Committee. Alderman Young said that for the Council to appoint gentlemen on a deputation who had no intention of accepting the position was a farcical proceeding, and would tend to bring the Council into ridicule. They should first ascertain if the gentlemen named were prepared to act on the deputation. For his part he thought, after what ho had heard Alderman Gillies say, that it was use- less to appoint a deputation. When Alderman Gillies introduced the matter, he said that the Minister of Justice remarked that a letter would I have as much effect as a deputation. In the face of that statement what was the use of taking the course they now proposed. He believed no good would be done. On the previous night another Minister-Mr. Inglis-said he did not believe in people going cap in hand to the Government for .verything they wanted. Alderman Pulbrook said that the matter was a very important one to the residents of West Mait- land, and he would like to see it settled one way or another. Alderman Relton was decidedly in favor, as he said in that Chamber the other night, of getting what they could from the Government, even though it was only a small piece of ground on which to erect a town hall, and if they succeeded in getting the Justice Hotel site, he would not be one to object, if they got it unconditionally. [Hear, hear. Alderman Crothers: No conditions.] He was certainly not in favor nor did he intend to .upport the resolution which was before the meeting. He would tell them why he waB not in favour of the resolution. Until the public meeting waa held last week the Council did not canceive it to be any part of its duty to take the atep which was now suggeated. The gentleman who first introduced the matter Baid that the Minister of Justice was decidedly opposed to a deputation, and that a letter would answer all purposes. Alder- men Gillies and Pulbrook both stated in that room that the Minister had said that if the Council caused a letter to be written to him that the matter would have his closest attention, and suggeated that a special meeting be called to consider the question of sending a written application for the Justice Hotel site. Why on earth should they now send a deputation ? What had occurred since the statement was made by Aldermen Gillies and Pul- brook to cause them to appoint a deputation? There had been no unnecessary delay in the matter np to the present, for it was only four weeks since it was introduced. They had had matters hanging ?on for over two years, and they had only received a definite reply in regard to one the other day, Those matters were quite as pressing as the pro- posed town hall. Ho would tell them candidly that it was utterly impossible for him to go to Sydney with the deputation, as ho had more important business to attend to in connexion with his private affairs, and he did not intend to neglect his private business for what ho did not consider to be a public duty which devolved upon him. He thought the deputation laid themselves open to a public snub- bing, to put it in as plain words as he could. He had always received the greatest courtesy from Ministers whom he had interviewed as a mem- ber of deputations, though they did not . always get what they asked for; but he «d no desire to be represented on the de jtiou to be appointed. If they took the matter /they had no new business to lay before the Go- vernment. Every member of the Ministry had as auch as he was able to do with regard to the finances of the colony. Was it fair for them " to go and press that matter, which was unimportant so far as the Government was concerned, though it was ne doubt important to tho Council, while the Government had moro urgent business to attend to. By all means take the land if they could get it. If he thought they would obtain it he would forego his private affairs and go to Sydeny with them, but he did not think they had a ghost of a show of getting the land, but they were more liable to get a public snubbing. He was opposed to the course which had been proposed with regard to the deputation, and he told the public meeting so pretty plainly the other night, though he did not get the benefit of his remarks in the local paper. He liked to be consistent, and he was not to be moved by a few people. He would not be dictated to by any ratepayers. While he was in the Council he would stand up for its dignity, as he had always done. If the Council, appointed a depuiation it would do an inconsistent act, and he was opposed toit. Alderman Gillies thought it was unnecessary for him to say that having been nominated for the post he would form a member of the deputation which it was proposed to appoint to co-operate with the townspeople. When he was chosen to perform such a duty he did not shirk the responsibility, whether his expenses to Sydney were paid or not. He had been on several deputations since he had been connected with the council, and in no instance had he received any remuneration to recoup him for the expense which he had incurred. He was sorry to cay, however, that some aldermen who had been foremost in accepting the position when a sum of money was allowed for expenses were the last to offer their services now that the system of paying deputations was disallowed. [Alderman Crothers : The three guinea touch.] He promised the rate- payers of West Maitltnd-[Alderman Crothbbb i Our masters]-by whom he had elected to serve in the council to discharge the duties of the office to the lest of his ability. At the public meeting held on Wednesday, the resolutions which had been laid before the Council that evening were almost unanimously approved. One of these resolutions affirmed that the Council be aßked to appoint a deputation to act with the deputation chosen at the meeting, for the purpose of interviewing the Minister of Justice on a day stated, to obtain from him a definite reply with respect to the Council's application. There- fore, he considered it to be the duty of the alder- men who were nominated to accompany the deputation of townspeople to Sydney, if possible. He knew that Alderman Crothers, who, if he made a promise would carry it out no matter at what cost, was not able to go. Alderman Relton referred to the statement which he and Alderman Pul- brook made to the Council three or four weeks since. To the best of his recollection the Minister said that a letter would do more good, as it would expedite matters, and would have as much effect as a deputation. But what did they find? The member for West Maitland had in- terviewed the Minister two or three times, and received no definite answer; and the Council had written to Mr. Clarke with the same result. Impatient of waiting the townspeople stepped in and said that such an important matter should not hang over so long, and asked the Coun- cil to unite with them in sending a deputation to Sydney. That was the course they now proposed to take, and all they needed was a definite answer from the Minister. He would scorn to ap- proach the Government to ask, cap in hand, as had been imputed, for what they con- sidered was unreasonable. Two years ago the building known as the Justice Hotel was acquired by the Government at a cost of .£2,500 for the erection of a courthouse. During that time the land had been idle, and was not returning the Government one shilling. Apart from that, how- ever it was an eyesore to the people, and a disfigure ' ment to the chief street of the town. Seeing that the land was not to be used for the purpose for which it was purchased, the Council, de- sirous that the tumble-down building now on the ground, should give place to a more sightly structure, made application for the site on which to erect a town hall, and they were acting in what they believed to be the interests of the ratepayers. Alderman Relton had said he be- lieved the deputation would get a public snubbing. No gentleman would snub any body of gentlemen, and he had no fear that the deputation which was to approach the Minister would be treated in any such way. And he might tell them that he for one would not take a public or a private snubbing from a minister or anyone else. He was able to take his part, and defend the ratepayers, who sent him there, from insult. Their desire was that the matter should be settled once for all. There must be some finality to - some settlement of, the question one way or another. If they received an unfavorable reply, then let them turn their attention to the site recommended in the report of the committee. He did not care where the hall was raised so long as it would be an advantage and ornament to the town. It was the bounden duty of the Council, in order to prevent further delay, to ascertain from the Minister the decision of the Cabinet in the matter. He had much pleasure in supporting the resolution, and thongh he would go to Sydney at considerable per- sonal inconvenience he considered it to be his duty to do so in view of the promise he made to the ratepayers on the occasion of his election-that he would carry out the duties of the office to the best of his ability. If he failed in any matter he had the satisfaction of knowing that he had striven'to do his duty, and that his aim had been to advance the best interests of the ratepayers. Alderman Relton explained that what he said was that the deputation laid itself open to a snubbing. Alderman Crothers, in reply, Baid that when he came to the Chamber he had no intention of moving the resolution. He had submitted the motion by request. If it was possible for him to, be in Sydney on Friday ho would join the deputation. They had been asked by rate- payers-their masters-to appoint a deputation, and they had a right to accede to the request. As Alderman Gillies had said when three guineas were allowed to members of deputations some aldermen were very ready to go, but now some of them shirked the responsibility. [Alderman Relton: Why not speak out straight, and name the alder- men.] Alderman Relton was one. The resolution, from which Alderman Relton's name was omitted, was carried, and the Council rose. In the north of Ireland a boar pig was in the habit every morning of going to the basket where a blind kitten of about six weeks old was kept, allowing the little thing to creep on his back, and then taking it about and caring for it during the day. The kitten got its food at the same time as the rp. and at the Bame trough. In the evening the^ I "J^hp saw to the animals used to carry the kitv*\i\\\\['-j> the basket to pass the night. T>yf T "'st lady in Baltimore is Mrs. G. M. Hut H^jiter of Thomas Williams. When sho wishes to'*' snd 50,000,000 dollars on a new-bonnet i she can do so. 