ItSHIOP GOE'S 'FAhRtDE[ELL '2lO 11ii PAIIhlS[1ONER? -" "Partingg Wordi;"'is- the" title of a. ipamphlet conttinitig; tliitoto firewell. osermons delivered lhy Iijlliop Gd~, ia the purish hi chi of Sr. C o",, Blooms- bury, where hIns ithoirtbnit l for 'tho last ten.yeart. 'hny:hrp full.of affec tiobitie retntthnbrance of tlifit'rlatiionitlip in which I lihe as stood towards hia peoplu, withla did epf'lling of the res ponsibility, of the sunt whliprof -ses to enlighten others on the obljects o faith iand;Lhe condudt ,ofifenb, -ant w t;; htl a earnest Xhoriiotti}ttr to Iis ?liearer to clint,firmly.to" tlii. prtplei;u qf Chris tisttty wlhch tltey hos e rutcettel -Thte Victoritas, not only Ittouso they reT ipreost th eutotmtugnc up of 0toinco siderahle portion of: tlh Bislihp;tea?ef ing ln.d :lie, biut slio because they ifford ant, idicatibo? of the tottei?'lhiihe?wilt btring to thit colonial church,; andbf the beliefs whihliei will fe~el hlimiself:ibnud to suipport; Dr. Got, it'need liardly be said, is oi'the Evangelical school: Its special phraseology, its metaphlors, its hopes,. its form of appeal to the feelings of an audience, are all visible in:every line. His preaching abounds int ther old pictnresof the future, which have alw.tys a power and meuaniig even, to the muii;da of those who have 'depaorted .furth'st from the oeaten pathwale : of the fsilth of'centuries. But' ihfully re ,cocnises at:the same time th. value of the other forns 'which the spirit:of reli gion assumes. ', Divine truth;";le'saye i" is a vast circle so ample in its sweep .that a finite mind can grasp a segment of it here alltthere, but'not" the whole; Our knowledge of'trtli is fragmentary ; i now we, know it in part.' It isn not given to any one man, nor even to any one sectiorn.of the Church, to discern truth in; its entirety, nor to assign to each particular truth its just prpbortion in relation to other truths." His' view of religious differoecesis that best suited to the episcopal mind, if episcopacy, .with its concentration of governhment, is,.to preserve the independeitoe. ,'Every man wh . has been moved by ,the Holy Ghost to take upon him. this otfice and ministry has its own message ,to deliver-a nmessage which he, only can give." Bishop Goe appears to be ei.dowed with the inestimable gift' of a large common sense, and with a faculty of putting the highest truth in the 'nost practical way. His eloquenea is not thcel loqueuec of the schools, bs'tratlter of the man wilio is deeply convintcd of£ tlheoimportanee of lthe message which he is calledi upoi?: ti tlelive r, a-- tidleppuaks earnestly fronr tlioeheart. His style iand:doctrine may be gauged ly the fol lowing extract, wliich fortsis tlie con- "olusono of one of. the sermonso :" If iwe, then,.would realise lie itisinifesta tion of the power of God iit keeplini our ,feet withouti slipping; as wo pursued our pilgriitnage hro .below, o iid in' present-, ing us:faultleare bfore the presli ancooft 'His glory, ,ithu e:ceedii'g joyi`ot the day, of His ppearig'i away" willh in- belief,'iforitis our gr-atest nem ;,it. is the most fatal hindrance' to our sal. vation.. Cltikate a simple, earnest,. childlike confidence ini your Heavenly Father's power;j cast youreel-es wholly" on His previous promises whichl ar firm and unchangeable as tlde, ?velast ing hills; and you shall kinow. h'ere int part, more fully. hereafter, that He is-' faithful that caileth y?o : :u 