THE STORY-TELLER. THE LEGEND OF GLEN- PEAN. [By CLAVERLEY. ] Author of " The Secret of Arnsdale," " By and-bye," " Out of the Mist," " Three Kisses," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER l. AT HOME. " And this ib our home 1 You like it, Therese ? my wife I my darling 1" said a tall, well-built man of thirty or thereabouts, as he drew his wife nearer to his side, and gazed down prondly and fondly into her beautiful upturned face. " Like it!" she exclaimed, as with a smile her eyeB met his, " how could any one help loving such a place 1 each a home 1 £ can scarcely realize that it is really my own home; mine foi; always; it seems so tar too good, and 1 am so happy, that sometimes I feel almost frightened at my own happiness," and she laid her hand upon his arm caress ingly, as if seeking his strong protection, believing that no possible harm could oome to her while he was by her side. "No harm can come near you now, my darling," he returned; " the old troubles are over; they were hard enough while they lasted, we both know, but we surmounted them, and now have nothing to do but to look forward to a life of perfect happiness together." " But don't yon think, Hubert, that people may be even too happy?" she questioned, while a far away dreamy look fitted her eyes; " don't you think that trouble often follows in the wake of great happiness, and when people love each other very, very dearly?" " No," he answered laughing, as he looked into her tear-dimmed eyes, aud then con tinued, "what, tears, darling? I thought we had left the tears behind; I thought that they were buried in the past, before you be came my wife ?" "I fear you are tired with your journey," he continued presently, as he placed himself by her side upon the broad-cushioned seat of a deep recessed window that looked forth upon a wide expanse of oonntry; "sad tnonghts will vanish, you know, after you are rested." "I hope so," she reponded, as her eyes wandered over the glorious view. l'he lady and gentleman to whom I have thus introduced my readers were Lord and Lady Glenpean, and they had just reached their Scottish home from the Continent. A beautiful home it was, too; for the Castle of Glenpean stood high up upon one of the 'mountains of North Britain, and behind it rose, in still towering grandeur, the well-wooded mountain upon which its strong masonry was ereoted—not such masonry as we have nowadays were the castle walls composed of, but of solid flint and stone, cemented together with the ground flint and mortar that was so prevalently used in the Norman and subsequent periods. "The walls oi the caBtle were several feet in thiokness, and the great mullioned windows stood in deep recesses of the walls, that even at the time m which my story opens wero guarded fay etrong iron bars, that had been eo needful for safety and security in the troub lous timesefyore, when the different Scottish clans were warring with each other, or were contending with other powers for the rights of their king and country. And it was from one of the windows of this grand old Scottish home that Lady Glenpean looked forth as the fast setting sua glinted upon the dancing foam and spray of a distant waterfall that sprang and murmured from rock to rook, twining down the face of the cliff like a bluish silver ribbou. At the top of the oliffs, where the water first made its appearance and leapt forward, bounding and tumbling into the space below, catching and resting for a moment upon the outjutting rocks that intercepted its precipi tous headlong coarse, were fir and other treeB, forming quite a woodland high up in the air; and amoDgst the tall, straight trunks oi these trees, and across the turbulent rushing fall of water, was flung a rnstio bridge, which gave access from one part of the wood to the other, whereon the climbers to that dizzy height could stand and view the lake beyond, in which the waterfall had its birth; and could also watch its downward descent until it reached level ground, where, after a little singing and gurgling, it wandered placidly along the smooth meadow lands until it reached the river, and added its complement of water to the enlarging of the stream that in its course soon reached the mighty ocean, not so far away but that its heaving billowy surface could be distinctly seen from more than one of the Castle windows. " We will go there, Hubert," said Lady Glenpean, as she pointed to the picturesque Bcene; " it is very beautiful, and it is ours, too, is it not?" " Yes, it is oars," returned Loid Glenpean; " it is in the estate—and, yes, we will go there; we will go everywhere now that we are home; and you will love the dear old place for my sake, for it is all very dear to me." "I love it all for itself," she returned, thoughtfully: *' but it is dearer far because it is yours, 1 learned to love it all before I ever saw it, when yon used to describe it to me. 1 seemed then to know almost every room and outlook that belonged to the long, brave line of the GlenpeanB. " Yes," he responded, meditatively, " but I never told you all about the old place: I could not; it would fill volumes, ana besides there are many things to be told which re quire telling upon the spot where the deeds were enacted long ago. It then brings it home more vivialy to the imagination." "I suppose there are many weird legends connected with the Castle?" she eaid pre sently, as her white, jewelled hands lay clasped upon his arm. " Yes, dear, many—very many, and those that are the most strange are withal the most true. "Come to this window," he oontinued, rising, and leading the way across the room tp another wide, deep-seated outlook. "You see that lake?" he asked, as she seated herself upon the soft crimson cushions that filled the recess. " Yes," she responded, gazing in the direc tion that he indioated ; " and I sec the island beyond, with the old ruined Church, whose masonry is encircled almost everywhere with ivy. It looks in a most dilapidated condition; it seemB quite a pity that it should be so neglected. See there, where the sun is just shedding its lurid gleams through that per fectly formed, though glasslesB, window. It makee me imagine that the aperture is filled with fire, or crimson glass, or—oh! I will not say what else, the very thought makes me shudder; bat it would make a lovely stud; for an artist, would it not?" "Don't look, darling," exclaimed Lord Glenpean, Budaenly, as he drew net back from the sight of the crimson light that for a second appeared to be shooting out towards her, casting itB red shadow over her pure white face, and with an uncomfortable ex pression upon his fine honest facs, he co vered her eyes with his hands, until a few nuau;ss later the golden orb of day had sunk behind a distant hiikand left the rained church in .deep dark shadow once more. " What is it, Hubert T' she asked, tremb ling, as he uncovered her eyeB, and she saw the beautiful landscape was already draped in dewy grey shadows. " It is not mnch," he returned with a smile, as she again sank upon the cushioned seat, "but,although I am not superstitious, I did not wish even the ghost of ill luck to cro3a your path." "And is that a bad omen?" Bhe queried. " That beautiful bit of landscape and ruined scenery lighted up so vividly by the crimson and golden sunset ? "1 really can't believe that, Hubert," she went on, with a laugh, "and, besides, I'm not going to think that any harm can possibly reach me while I have you. I feel quite, quite safe and secure." '* YeB, I hope you are safe," he returned. "1 hope I shall always be able to preserve you from harm or any approach to harm," and he still gazed musingly at the old Church on the island in the lake. "But tell me, Hubert," she pleaded, "what is the legend of the old rums, and why bad luck follows those who look at it in the sunset; I'll promise not to be the least bit frightened, for I've done with fear now for always." " Well, dear," he began, "you must know that long years ago that old Church was the place of worship for all the lords of Glenpean and their retainers, and in those times there was a bridge aoross the narrow part of the lake for the accommodation of devont worshippers. "I believe that.at that time the lake itself was much narrower—indeed, of much less extent altogether than in later times. "I have read," he continued, "in some of the manuscripts conosrning our race that there were upon more than one occasion some tremendous storms, and that such quantities of rain fell that the confse of several streams were altered, and, in fact, the one that forms the waterfall was then first observed, and as all this extra water flowed down into the lake in its course to the sea the immense volume of water carried away great quantities of the banks, thereby leaving a muoh larger receptacle for the draining of the higher grounds to flow into." "Bat what oould aocount for this ?" ques tioned Lady Glenpean. "Ob," he responded, "I expect the real state of the case was that some of the boulders in the hills were undermined with the force of the water that desoended against them, and that they must have rolled out of place and thereby blocked up the usual watercourses, and (that then these had to force another passage to the lower grounds ; but the authorB of the manuscripts from which I gained my information are not at all explicit in their relation of how things really did happen. t " Certain it is, however, that the waterfall never did exist at one tithe, and quite as cer tain is it that the lake was considerably smaller ; in faet, it was only a sort of orna mental water that a small bridge could span for the purpose of giving acceBB to the island. "Then, too, before this change of things j which Dame Nature ordered, the burial ground of the Glenpeans and their clan was also upon the island. "Thereare fine monuments there, then?" said Lady Glenpean. "Yes," he responded, "many of the old monuments, now quite defaced by time and its ravages', are still standing, the most notable among them being one within the precincts of the Church, -where the ohanoel was in days of yore, and this is formed of great slabs of stone. " That wiadow, whose masonry is still in such wonderful preservation, and which you remarked upon just now, is the old chancel | window. " In those dreadful times of storms and floods," be continued, " many of the graveB , were undermined and their occupants carried out to sea; only those within the walls of | the Church escaped, and even some of these, where the walls were not strong enough to hold their own against the buffeting waters, were washed away and shared the same fate as those of their poorer neighbours outside. " Before all these changes in the aspect of things there is said to have been a subter ranean passage upon the island that com municated with the sea; and it is also said that, upon many oocasions when in imminent peril, the heads, or those in danger, of the Bonse of Glenpean escaped from the evil that j threatened them by its means." " How did they reach this passage, then V questioned Lady Glenpean. " It was entered by means of some cieverly oontrived doorway in one of the monuments or walls, but the papers ooncerning its whereabouts have not been handed down to my time; at least, I have never been able to discover them, and I have searched almost every place, both likely and unlikely, " They ought to be somewhere, too, for it is said that one Lord of Glenpean who did net wish the secret of escape to pass to any one ' bat the direct lines hia the papers in a secure spot, and that subsequently the secret was told by each father to his eldest son, the latter swearing never to divulge it but in the same manner except under most exceptional circumstances, and then whoever was com pelled to use this means of exit was con ducted through the seoret passage by the lord of the house after flrBt submitiug to be blindfolded." "And there is some strange story oonuected with this passage?" said Glenpean. " Yes," he responded; " before the catastrophe happened that enlarged the lake, and oaused so many of the Glenpeans to find their graves in the ocean, a Lord Glen pean, it appears, offended a gang of smugglers or gipsies; I believe they were Both. "You understand that the ancient laws of the land were very severe concerning game, especially abont deer. "Now, in the olden time our lands abounded in deer, wild boars, and wild cattle that are now almost or quite extinct; and as the Glenpeans bad been very much engaged in various battles and skirmishes they did not trouble themselves particularly about their animal possessions, except to have them killed occasionally for provender; and their neglect caused many people to help themselves to what their owners neglected without permission and without fear of punishment. " But the country had grown less troublous when Robert, Lord Glenpean, took the reins of rule; and it_ caused him considerable annoyance to continually hear the report of firearms, or to see a wounded dear rush past him with an arrow still sticking in it; besides, the estate wbb gradually decreasing in value owing to the havoc that had been wrought among the deer and wild animals. " Thus he felt himself compelled to take a decided Btep and put a stop to what was going on, and he thereupon published a state ment notifying that no would punish all trespassers upon his lauds, and all who were found hurting or killing the game." " What did the people say and do then?' asked Lady GLnpeau. "Ob, they murmured loudly," he returned, " for they bad began to look upon the Glen pean cattle as their own. "They gave vent to their resentment by prophesying all sorts of ill-luck for Robert, Lord Glenpean, and stated that the evil that would fall upon him would also desoend to his posterity, if he did not repeal the decree that-had -gone forth. "Decrepid old men and women visited him, and in witch-like style denounced both himself and his family, "They even quoted the 'Red King' of England, telling him how the evil had oome home to him for the strict forest laws that his father had instituted, and which he had carried on." " But the laws were not so severe as in the Norman time, were they," asked Lady tiien pean. '* No; for instance, the killing of a deer was not punishable by the putting out of the trespassers' eyes, or things of that sort; but they were severe enough, and the people were evidently afraid to disobey Lord Glen pean'e prohibition. " So, you see, they tried to frighten him, and some of his strange visitors informed him that 'a spotted calf had been born amongst his wild cattle, and each an unusual occurrence boded ill to all those upon the estate; and this evil omen had never been known to fail of produoing results. Then, too, a curious and strange fish had been taken in the waters of the lake, and that was another forewarning of evil. " Did he not know the legend of the St. Clalra of the Isles," one asked, " and how, when any harm was about to happen to the family, strange lights appeared in the Gothic chapel? "Well, lights—strange, fitful, and lurid lights—had been seen in his chapel on the island, and so he had better take the warning and not take from the poor and needy that which they had considered their own for so loop." lere Lord Glenpean paused in his narra tion as a servant entered the apartment to aunonnce dinner, and as both Lord and Lady Glenpean rose to repair to the dining-room the latter observed, " You will go on with the tale presently, will you not, Hubert ? The moon is rising, see, and we oan sit and look at the old Church in the moonlight while you talk," 