A MAN FOR ALL THAT. A great public meeting was held in New York on Sunday, July 10, at which Father M'Glynn defied tbe Papal ex communication, »nd said: — 'I learned under tbe very shadow of tbe Vatican that the man who sins against his con science sins against tbe Holy Ghost, and if any power on eartb, even though it be him who sits enthroned in the Vatican, commands a man to do or say aught against his conscience, to obey even that power were to sin against tbe Holy Ghost. If it were in their power as it was once — thank God it is no longer — they would imprison the truth in dun geons and martyr it at the stake in the persons of those who through no fault of their own read God's truth in the facts of societv, In tbe strata of tbe eartb, and upon the skies. It is a notorious fact that religion is vanishing in every part of the world. Men are being alienated from the ?Church, particularly from the Catholic Ohuroh. Nowhere is the Cburch more hated than in the so-called Catholic -countries. The eSort to obtain a Papil representative at Washington is quite in lraonintr with the same Dolicv that has led the Pope to send two Italian prelates ito Ireland. An English noodle of a Catholic lord, the Earl of Denbigh— and -you may always mistrust English Catho lics,, especially an Euglish Catholic Earl, to outdo any Protestant in his hatred of Catholic Ireland— says that the Pope told bim not merely of his great esteem and affection for England, which is well enough, but of hi- great desire to be of ,lse to England. Of course be could be of „r »At use to England if poor Paddy would bnaiibmissive and obey the Pope's bidding in cortical matters. Why. an all.anw between the Pope :wd tbe English capi talists Would be worth millions to the latter lT would be money io their pockets if tt'ey were to buy - the Italian nrnlatesof the P'- Pe even at 'WMlUU a head The best way to get anything from the Roman macbin* is ^ yonr teeth rather tlran ,bJ. '^r Xder Prince Bismarck and the ^ar umler stand this. Tlui Pope s delighted at a little concession from tLww- *? ' Pf has actually fallen in l^e ^'to Princf BiBmarck. Prince Bismsrflk fefl'rt'ng» little with the Pope. Tbey 'l^eotas far as exchanging pictures. Men have fought for Catholicism have been slapped in the face by the Pope to please Prince Bismarck. So longaetheCfttho lics letthe Roman machine, -ot which the Pope is tbe mere puppet, do this, that machine will use Paddyin Iw'and a^d Ui.. German Paddy and American Paddy as pawns.on the political o^^ari.to be sold out at any time for what they can ? get iq return.' 