SALE \-------0--- (F'IOMll Oul oWN. co0lRESPONDENT.) June 25. The Jubilee excitemlent is now over, and we are all about settled' down to oui'every day avocations again. Tihe Jubilee mnlning in Sale, which had beoen looked fr ward to with anlicipa tiolns of pleasure by those who did not intend'ol oking the lhigher pleasurio of witnessing the grind jubilee celebra tions in Melbournle, opened out'cold'and showCery, tiad tlih streets sl'ppy amid very uinvliting, foir. a procession.. Nevet,. theless these odisadvantagesc (lid not Schlck our enthuiniasl, its about one o'clock the school childreit,; preceded by,the Boroughllan1 i, marched through the principal streeis, en route for thei lmarket squanre, whert on arrivilng, the Natiolnal Antliheln was sung with soul stirring Strails iy about one tliouonild thrilling yooung voices which I hope aniy over riaoin loyal to their Quoeen and her descellndats. Sports of, every descriptioni were fterwuirds thle uirr'er ot tIh, dlcay, nd fromll whalt I could judge tLe yoiung peopluseeSIed to thloroughly Ienjoy tlleImIelhes. tooks 11a111 toys were lilernall distributled for tlIv oporen competition, which meleiutovs will In highly prized by the receipants in Ihonor, of the occasionl. Rleft'eslhIIenttuS,-- hlucl as ten, and a variety of awleatiitLutt Iere. plentifully distributied -ammnl,gt r the younllg people. The Ialnd athled very ilmntrially to tihe enlivening of the iday's procePiediing. A lmonster oneilire on the squar, il tihe eveniing, with a fihe display of firVeworks driew' a:lal'ge gathering. Tihe State 'selionlr'iin tile I same groundsn preselnted a-very.-pl.ertty appearance with Cliii:ese lanterns hang ing all round the building.l. The post oilice and soeveralbusinesn.. places were t very nioely illuminatetd.. MIr.. Bowen's shop, binog, thi principal. attraction. I Iounht very lucIh, wereo it not for tile exeo;tions of Messrs Tracy and'Abbott, if our young population would have inythiilg'to remoind thenl of thn'jubilee' of our mostGpacious Queen Victoria. While on te .topic of Jubilee, I was quite astounded at the avaraiciousness (I can't call:it aiything else) of our oldest jourtihl.tlle " Gippaland'TimiLee"' The " Moroury"'as well as' all:: the other journals iOGippsluand' which ap penr tri-w.eeklyor li:.wookly, topRped an t iosue,. to. enablertheir. employees to li"ive 'isaslight- relaxation from; their weary toil in honor of Her Majesty's Jubilee. But not so with the"TTin'es,? it atppsared as usual, lesta ' fe' paltry adivertiseniosts might healost:-Tho' ma jority of tha' "Times" sub'scribers from what I can learn,, wonul far rather: see the proprietor loyal than receive their paper on that iorniig. I oain, get no better simile for the :action,. than if' there ,wered, two storekeepers in' one town, and on. a, general holiday,, one closed,' iiuid thl other, to catch' the pennies' that worn going, '?ept bop'iti, and we ill Inow what would be thought of such a man ; so has it been on this oceasion-between- the, two newspaper ofliCOn. Tlhe action is enough to make the'ghost of.the onco popular proprietor, Mr. George Gellatly,' rise out of his grave.?: A moan action could. tiever he brought ,hons., to hlis .door, but ihequiiscot in pace. STirlkigigf iievspapers? your contem- tin portary;'th?e "Merrury," in its enden. 'ours to:be.extra loyal and over-jubi laniti a, .re. iular fihsoco of, theoir Jubileo edition. The editor endeavour 'ed to combe outiti "True Blue" colorsi' bi t.instead.of. getting his " devil" to do the work it his usual Blackanmon style, it is sur!nised he got the assistance of our local painter.,.who.had beent ont. a carouse during the night. As welhave just passed through heoll day times there is very litte of inpot tance to-writo about. The only topics creating ainy little excitemlent are the letters in the local papers ro Iaffira to Bringolong railway line, and MIr. IHan per's resignatioln from thoI orth Gilps hlad Agricultural Society If miy id vice had been taken the mtatter would have been let drop at the outset and a kindlier froliong would have been, al lowed to exist hbgween theo two districts Of course to Sale people, thle railway matter is of far greater consequence, and if thlis line is lost to us, I hope to oee a stir nialdo in procuring a line from Sale' to Mualira. 