SATURDAY, JANUARY 1, 1887. Yesterday we were casting up our accounts, moral or material, with the past year ; to-day our thoughts more naturally turn towards that which is to come. Whether with hope or apprehension, we look forward ; we begin to recognise that the year 1887 is of much more importance to us now than the year 1886 can ever be again ; the latter is fairly dead, and has been decently buried ; and as we come away from the funeral we feel that it is time that we should think of something else. Very likely the ghost of it may rise up again from time to time to haunt us ; but according to the best tradition even ghosts allow days of grace, and for the present we shall be con- cerned rather with prospect than with re- trospect. It is perhaps a little singular that we should pay so much regard to occa- sions of this kind. The dullest of man- kind has probably some ideas which are particularly associated with New Year's Day aud can hardly let it pass by him with com- plete indifference. His aspirations may be of the meanest order, but still he can hardly fail to have some kind of aspirations. He may have no wish that the end of the coming year shall see him elevated in his moral standard, or living more nearly up to that which he has to-day ; but he is sure to at least desire to see tokens of improve- ment in his bank- balance, and to observe a higher tone to prevail amongst his invest- ments, if not in his own sentiments and aims. Everybody has his desires, expressed or un- expressed, vague or definite, which he uncon- sciously or consciously refers to the commence- ment of another year; his problems which he believes that it will solve ; and he cannot but be stirred to some extent by the initiation of that period from which, ho hopes to obtain the satisfaction of the one or the comfortable solution of the other. And yet, when we come to consider the matter, there is little enough to distinguish from other days this day, which we are apt to think of as pos- sessed of some peculiar virtues of its own. Of the change from one month to another we think nothing ; of the alteration of a numeral we think a great deal more. Yet beyond this purely artificial incident there is nothing to distinguish the first day of January from the first day of March, beyond the fact that the one is the probable beginning and the other the probable end of the most unpleasant period of the year. There is a visible difference between the hours of the day, and an obvious change as we pass from season to season ; but when the weather is in its normal condition there is no appreciable difference between the last day in December and the first day in January, and yet when 12 o'clock strikes, and we know that we shall never more attach the date 1886 to cheque, or bill, or it may be love-letter, we are moved to ring bells and to indicate in other ways that something remarkable has taken place ; we feel as if we had suddenly entered upon a new era ; and it seems to us as though the world, and we with it, had unaccountably grown a year older in that minute and a half which represents the difference or the approximation to the moment of midnight which is always found to exist among the watches of the company. And yet every day that breaks and every night that falls bring the commencement of another year equally ; but they carry with them no recog- nition of the aging decade which at this season impresses us so strongly ; and the advance which Time seems to make at this season seems considerable, because he has been mowing his field whilst our imaginations have been quietly asleep under the shadow of the hedge. When he seems to stop for a moment to sharpen his scythe to the tune of the New Year's bells, we awake to a sense of the progress which he has been making. There is one section of the community to whom the present day is one of especial trial. To the weak-minded and morally backbone- less man there is always a magic air about periods. He believes that a life may be divided into sections — that one part of it may be characterised by helpless weakness, and that another may be marked by sterling resolution. The last few days have probably been to him days, of consolation; bad habits have been about to be reformed, and thriftless ways to be departed from — at the new year. In the meantime they have been allowed to take their usual course in the full conviction that a day or two of extra indulgence was not only harmless, but pardonable in consideration of the extent of the sacrifice about to be made. It is to be feared that these expecta- tions, however pleasing, are worse than delu- sive. Determination is the result of growth, not simply of impulse ; and the man who has to depend for support upon these spas- modic resolutions is too likely to slide back into old habits as soon as the practice of his new ones has lost the charm of novelty. Moral, just as much as physical, strength requires exercise and training, and a man might as well hope to be- come an accomplished oarsman on a certain date by a more effort of volition as to acquire a strong will by the same simple and comfortable means. As long as he retains the delusion he will be far from attaining the end of his desires. It is only when the idea of progress by leaps and bounds is frankly cast aside that there is any hope that progress will be genuine or considerable. But if we leave the individual aspect of the day, and glance for a moment at that which lies before us as a nation, we shall find that the present time is one when it is more than usually difficult to make any forecast. As to our probable material prosperity, we may be to some extent re-assured. With the breaking-up of the long drought, we may hope that we are at last on the point of taking a new departure. The effects of it will not be very important, perhaps, just yet. The losses of the past are not to be repaired in a day. But even the renewal of confidence will do much to cause an expansion of enter- prise ; and we may at least hope everything reasonable. But our first wish must be for an improvement in Parliamentary conditions ; for some reasonable division of public men upon lines which will ensure a strong Government of some kind, under which the desired expansion may go forward se- curely. It is highly desirable that the relative advantages of free trade and pro- tection should be amply discussed ; but it is absolutely necessary that we should know under which system we are to work and live. We can hardly hope that the discussion will be settled immediately ; but we must all desire to see conditions which would permit of its early settle- ment ; and those whoso conclusions agree with our own can hardly wish less than the most ardent of the protectionist party to see the question brought to the point of final de- termination. It is likely that the coming year may witness the issue of the struggle the fate of the deficit, and several other matters which now engage public attention. Meanwhile, we may have to watch events in Europe of graver importance than any which recent years have seemed to forebode ; and our interest will be intensified by the know- ledge that, as the world is constituted, they can hardly fail to seriously affect ourselves. The Government has done right in not pro- claiming Monday as a public holiday. There were two things to be considered — the wishes of those who wanted an extra day for merry-making, and the interests of those who would have suffered if Monday had been devoted to amuse- ment instead of work. Those who asked for the holiday had a good point to urge. New Year's Day falls this year on a Saturday, and to many people Saturday is always a half-holiday. New Year's Day, 1887, is therefore not really a whole holiday ; nominally it is so, but practically it counts ns only half a day. It was a perfectly fair argument to put forward that if Monday was not observed as a holiday people would lose some of the advantage which the New Year is supposed to bring. But there was an equally fair answer to make. The people were allowed an extra holiday last Tuesday, and thus obtained freedom from work for four consecutive days. It was a good thing that they should have had this privilege, but it does not follow that what was done at Christmas should be repeated at the new year. It suits some members of the commu- nity, no doubt, to have as many holidays as they can get, but to others, enforced leisure is a hardship. Men who are paid by the day are losers by public holidays, and the interests of this class have to be considered. Then there is the commercial question. Holidays in reason are well enough, but if there s a danger that business may be interfered with unduly, the Government has no right to go out of its way to multiply holidays. There is also the moral aspect of the question. The saying about all work and no play being in- jurious to the mental constitution is not to be disputed ; but all play and no work would be more harmful still. Finally, we are pretty sure that if a vote could have been taken on the ques- tion the decision would have been against the extra holiday, and therefore in whatever light the subject is regarded the course the Government has takon must meet with approval. "What's in a name?" The question is sug- gested by the curious little controversy respecting the advertisement convening the meeting about the Mount Rennie case. The advertisement appeared with the name of the MAYOR attached to, it as the convener of the meeting. As a matter if fact, the MAYOR did not either sign the notice or convene the meeting. Nothing could be more natural, under the circumstances, than that he should without delay enter a protest against the liberty taken with his name. But this was not the whole case. The MAYOR, who was out of town at the time, had not only not con- vened the meeting, but he had telegraphed to the Rev. Mr. CURTIS, who appears to have published the advertisement, telling him that he must convene the meeting on his own responsibility. There is no dispute about the re- ceipt of this telegram. It was received on the 24th December, by acknowledgment. The adver- tisement published in the teeth of it appeared on tits 29th. The explanation offered by Mr. CURTIS is that at a later hour on the 24th he received a telegram from the ACTING-TOWN CLERK informing him that a paper convening the meeting was at Mr. GANNON'S office. Next day he obtained that paper, which purported to bear the MAYOR'S signature. The document had been written by the ACTING-TOWN CLERK without authority and under a mistake ; and on the strength of that the advertisement was published. Under the circum- stances the MAYOR was justified in his action ; but Mr. CURTIS was not. The latter, with direct instructions from the MAYOR in his pocket, had no right to disregard them upon the authority of con- flicting information from a third party. He should have known that the paper at Mr. GANNON'S could not have passed the MAYOR'S telegram on the road, and therefore, if it had been signed by the MAYOR, must have been of earlier date. He should have assumed that had the MAYOR changed his mind after sending the caution, he would have communicated with him direct. The cautionary telegram from the MAYOR should have been held authoritative when the question was the use of the MAYOR'S name, at any rate until direct com- munication had been resorted to for the purpose of clearing up the discrepancy. There was plenty of time for that. But instead of that the adver- tisement was published either thoughtlessly or with an unwarrantable determination to give the proceedings the benefit of the MAYOR'S name, and to let the owner of it set himself right, if he thought fit, afterwards. The MAYOR has set himself right, and Mr. DANIELS and Mr. CURTIS, upon whom the responsibility for unauthorised action rests, will perhaps learn to use more caution and consideration in such matters in the future. It may be remarked that Mr. CURTIS'S description of the ACTING-TOWN CLERK'S telegram published to-day differs from the copy of the telegram pub- lished on Thursday last, as above referred to. We published on Thursday an extract from the British Prisons' Report for 1885-6, which will amply repay perusal. Prison information is, as a rule, anything but attractive reading ; but this document is a striking exception. Its figures will be a revelation to those who have been insist- ing that British society is going head- long to destruction. The comparison between last year's figures and those of a quarter of a century ago must convince the most sceptical that substantial improvement has been made. During the last twenty years the population of England and Wales has increased from 19½ to 27½ millions, but the number of sentences to penal servitude has fallen, from 2589 in 1857 to 1027 last year. That is to say an increase of nearly 50 percent. in the population, and a reduction of 61 per cent. in the number of sentences to penal servitude. Satis- factory as the general view of the diminution of serious crimes must be, there is one feature which affords special gratification, and that is the greater percentage of reduction amongst female prisoners. In all the gaols in England and Wales there were only 821 females under sentences of penal ser- vitude at the beginning of this year — a falling off within the last ten years of about 50 per cent. It does not always follow that a reduction in the work of a Government department secures a cor- responding reduction of officers and expenditure. But in the case of British gaols this desirable fea- ture is also found. Within the last four years the number of gaol officials has been re- duced by 245, or 14 per cent., and within the same period the gross annual expenditure has fallen from £340,632 to £299,876. The report also gives interesting information respecting two elaborate experiments in gaol discipline Penton- ville prison was specially constructed for an experi- ment in the isolation of prisoners. At first this system was tried for long periods, and was attended with the worst results. After a time the isolated prisoners became enfeebled in mind. But when shorter periods, not extending beyond nine months, were tried, the system was found to serve admirably. The other experi- ment was the classification of prisoners, so that persons under a first conviction, and not previously identified with the vicious class, might be kept apart from the contaminating influences of hardened criminals. The results of this system, after experiments extending over five years, are certainly encouraging. Some 455 prisoners have already been discharged under it, and so far only one of them has been re-convicted. This report as a whole should be helpful to those who have to deal with prison questions here. Two of the most anxious and most unsatisfactory discussions of last Parliamentary session concerned the necessity for relieving our over-crowded gaols, and pro- viding reformatories for juvenile offenders. In some respects we are differently circumstanced from the older and more fully developed and organised communities of England and Wales. But the principles of prison management and discipline, which underlie the success recorded in this report, must be the right ones for us, however much our differing circumstances may require the application of those prin- ciples to be modified here. Amelioration of general morals by educational and religious in- fluences is, perhaps, as earnestly, if not as effi- ciently laboured for here ns in England. We must, therefore, look chiefly to methods for the reformation of juvenile offenders, and for prevent- ing the contaminating influences of hardened criminals, if we are to make up the leeway be- tween our prison figures and those of this report. NEWS OF THE DAY. TO-DAY, being a public holiday, tho following ar- rangements will be observed in the mail branch of the General Post Office: — The various offices of that branch will be open from 8.80 till 10 a.m. only, and the 8 am. delivery only will be effected by letter- carriers. The country mails, usually despatched in the afternoon and evening, also the coastwise, inter- colonial, and foreign mails, will close at 9 a.m. The iron-pillar receivers and receivers at suburban post offices will only be cleared at the first usual hour. THE departure of the old and the advent of the new year was marked, perhaps, with loss demonstration this morning than is usual on such an occasion ; but, although the English traditions as to the manner in which the passing year should be turned out and its successor welcomed may not have been very closely followed so far as the general community are concerned, the usual reli- gious ceremonies were observed, and no sooner had midnight struck than the chimes rang out from various churches, and the bells merrily greeted the new year. Between 12 and 1 o'clock very few persons were to be seen in the principal thoroughfares of the city, and discordant bands were fortunately the exception. As might have been expected, howevor, numbers of people, including not a few of the genus larrikin, wan- dered round the city and suburbs until the small hours, and disturbed the peace of those who, having quietly seen the new year in, were content to rest WITH regard to the intended new appointments to the Upper House we are informed that the list of names cannot be ready for publication before Tuesday next. It is probable that on that day the list will be submitted to the Executive Council. MINISTERS met in Cabinet again yesterday, and sat for several hours, the business under consideration being a revision of the list of magistrates with a view to the issue of a new list containing the new appoint- ments. The work of revising the list occupies a great deal of time, and it will probably again engage the at- tention of the Cabinet before the revision can be con- sidered complete. It is hoped that the revised list, will be ready for the approval of the Executive Council on Tuesday next. THE inquiry which for several days past has been carried on at the Colonial Secretary's Office into matters connected with the Mount Rennie outrage was con- tinued yesterday before Mr. Dibbs, Mr. Lyne, Mr. Copeland, Dr. Renwick, and Mr. Sutton. Several persons were examined, including some members of the police force. As will be seen from information published in another column, the Minister for Lands and the Minister for Works have issued notices to the officers in their departments, intimating to them that it is not unlikely that reductions will shortly be made in salaries and allowances, and in the number of poisons employed. In the case of the Lands Department, the reduction in the staff will principally affect the draftsmen in the Survey Office, but it will probably extend to the officers employed through the department temporarily. The Minister for Works has caused the notices to be issued not as an intimation that a reduction in all salaries or in the number of officers must of necessity be made, but in order that he may, after fair warning to the officers throughout the department, be able to carry into effect whatever course is, after proper in- quiry, found to be desirable. All reductions decided upon will be submitted to the Cabinet for approval. A LETTER has been received by Mr. W. J. Fer- gusson, M.L.A., from Mr. W. E. Plunkett, Under- Secretary for Justice, intimating, in reply to a com- munication received from Mr. Fergusson, dated the 28th ultimo, regarding the appointment of a Royal Commission to inquire into the working of the Supreme Court, that the matter had been engaging the attention of the Minister for Justice, but, in consequence of the death ol the late Chief Justice, Sir James Martin who had been asked to accept the presidency of the commission, unavoidable delay had been caused, and also owing to the difficulty experienced in obtaining the services of the most competent persons to under- take so important an inquiry. MR. J. B. CARROL and Mr. Hammond interviewed Mr. Goodchap, Commissioner for Railways, yesterday with reference to one or two matters affecting the wel- fare of Kogarah and its neighbournood. In regard to the new Carlton station. Mr. Goodchap gave instruc- tions that the work should be finished without fail within a fortnight. That work includes the erection of weatherboards. In the meantime, he intimated, the gentlemen interested would be expected to take up 40 guaranteed yearly season tickets, and the company owning the land on the Kogarah Bay of the plat- form would be expected to complete the transfer to the Government. With regard to the tramway line from Kogarah station to Sans Souci and Sandringham, Mr. Goodchap informed Mr. Carrol and Mr. Hammond that £6000 had been paid over, as required, and that the Government were now only waiting for the gentle- men who had promised the land for the widening of the road to make the necessary transfer. Upon that being done the work will be proceeded with, either by tender or in the shape of work to the unemployed, on the 10th of January next. WE learn that the Hon. E. Barton, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, has nominated Mr. George Knox to fill the vacancy in the Senate of the University of Sydney caused by the retirement of the Rev. Canon Allwood. IN accordance with our custom we publish to-day a chronicle of the principal events which have occurred during the past 12 months, the record embracing nearly every day of the year. AT the Treasury yesterday there was a scene of great activity, and the gentlemen connected with the revenue and account branches were engaged at their duties until a very early hour this morning. Yester- day, being the last day of the year, was the day on which the revenue derivable from pastoral leases of various kinds, auctioneers' licenses, billard licenses, and other sources of income is collected. The total amount of the money received could not be ascertained last night; it will be made known, in all probability, early next week. A COMPARATIVE return has been prepared by the Post Office authorities showing the number of lettors delivered by the letter-carriers attached to the head oflice, Sydney, during the three days pre- ceding Christmas, on Christmas Day, Boxing Day, and the day after Boxing Day, respectively, for the years 1885 and 1880. The numbers were as follows: — In the year 1885: Three days before Christmas, 136,177; Christmas Day, 51,080; Boxing Day, 25,117; day after Boxing Day, 21,704. Total, 234,078. In 1886: Three days before Christmas. 161,107; Christmas Day, 50,582; Boxing Day, no delivery; the day after Boxing Day, 34,121. Total, 254,813. The figures show an increase of 20,785 letters for the Christmastide of 1886. YESTERDAY the Marine Board gave their decision in connection with the collision between the Keilawarra and the Helen Nicoll. They found that the accident was caused by Captain Buttroy, of the Keilawarra, recklessly navigating his vessel by continuing to proceed at full speed after smoke was reported ahead, and for porting his helm, and thus throwing the Keilawarra across the bows of the Helen Nicoll, when he could see no lights, and could not tell the direction in which that vessel was proceeding. They were also of opinion that the third officer of the Helen Nicoll was guilty of default for not stopping his vessel after a light, which was reported on his starboard bow, became, obscured by smoke, and its position could not be ascertained, and for not calling his captain immediately the light became obscured. The Board also regretted that some of the crews of both vessels did not promptly assist their respective officers in getting boats out ; and they thought that had the men done this the loss of life would not have been so great as it unfortunately was. Finally, they cited the third officer to appear before them on Tuesday next, to show cause why his certificate should not be cancelled or suspended. The Board have suspended for three months the certificate of a man named Carroll, third engineer of a Watson's Bay steamer, who was found to have been drunk on the night of the 16th ultimo. THE Marino Board have arranged with Admiral Tryon for the removal of the moorings of H. M. S. Nelson from their present position to a point 300 feet to the south-west. This will very largely increase the width of the fairway. On Tuesday the Nelson will proceed to sea for gun practice, and the removal of the moorings will take place during her absence. THE Board of Technical Education has engaged Mr. G. E. Webster to deliver a course of lectures in the Technical Hall on the important subject of the "Manufacture of Iron and Steel," for the benefit of candidates for the Technological Examinations of the City and Guilds of London Institute for the advance- ment of Technical Education, to be held in this colony in April next. Intending competitors for examination in the following subjects should notify their intention to the secretary of the Board of Technical Education at once, in order that the necessary papers may be pro- cured from England:— Alkali and allied branches — (a) Salt manufacture; (b) Alkali manufacture; (c) Soap manufacture; 2. Bread-making ; 3, (a) Brow- ing, (b) Spirit manufacture; 4, Coal-tar products ; 5, Sugar manufacture ; 6, Fuel ; 7, Oils, Painters' Colours and Varnishes, manufacture of; 8, Oils and Fats, in- cluding candle manufacture; 9, Gas manufacture ; 10, Iron and steel manufacture ; 11, Paper manufacture ; 12, Pottery and Porcelain manufacture; 13. Glass manufacture; 14, Dying — (a) Silk, (b) Wool ; 15, Bleaching — dyeing and printing of calico or linen ; 16, Leather — (a) Tanning Leather, (b) Boot and Shoe manufacture; 17, Photography; 18, Electro- metelurgy; 19, Textile Fabrics — (a) Manufac- ture of Cloth, (b) Cotton, (c) Linen, (d) Silk, and (e) Juto; 20. — (a) Lace manufacture, (b) Framework knitting; 21, Weaving and Pattern designing ; 22, Electrical Engineering — (a) Telegraphy, (b) Electric Lighting and transmission of power, (c) Electrical In- strument making ; 23, Metal Plate working ; 24, Plumbing ; 25, Silver-smithing; 26, Watch and Clock making; 27, Tools — (a) Wood-working; (b) Metal- working ; 28, Mechanical Engineering ; 20, Carriage- building; 30, Printing — (a) Typography, (b) Litho- graphy, & c ; 31, Ores, raising and preparation of ; 32, Mine Surveying; 33, Milling — Flour manufacture; 34, Carpentry and Joinery; 85, Brickwork and Masonry WITH reference to the bones found in the Welling- ton Caves, which have been identified by Professor Owen as being the remains of the extinct Australian lion, Mr. L. E. Harcus writes to say that about September, 1881, he accompanied the late Professor Denton to the caves in question, and at that time, as reported in the Herald, the hitherto debated question as to the identity of the bones was settled by Mr. E. P. Ramsay, of the Australian Museum, who was then at work in the caves, from information gained by him during his researches. WE have received from Messrs. Hill, Clark, and Co. a copy of their pictorial almanac, which contains, in addition to other information, the rates for the con- veyance of cattle and sheep from the various railway stations on the Southern and Western lines to Home- bush, as well as the sale days of produce, &c.; Also, from Messrs Batson and Co., printers of Clarence-street, an exceedingly neat card almanac, which can either be hung upon the wall, or placed upon the office desk or table ready for reference. AT the conclusion of the business in the St. Leonards Police Court on Thursday last, Mr. G. W. F. Addison, S.M., said: — " I now take the opportunity of stating that, in all probability. Mr. Stephen Murphy, the C.P.S., has made his last appearance in court this morn- ing owing to his having been promoted to a like position at Orange. I desire, on behalf of my brother magistrates and myself to mention the extreme satisfaction with which we have always viewed the manner in which Mr. Murphy has performed his duties. I may add that this opinion is amply supported by the public and the members of the legal profession. Since the establishment of this Court the proceedings have gone on without a single hitch, and I wish him every possible success in his new sphere. I sincerely trust that his successor may be as good an officer." Mr. Dargin solicitor, shortly expressed his entire concurrence with the views of his Worship, and remarked, " Our loss will be the gain of the people at Orange." Mr. Murphy briefly and grace- fully replied to the compliments passed upon him, and the Court then adjourned. A CONSIDERABLE number of the members of the Sydney Rowing Club proceeded to the club branch on the Parramatta River on Thursday evening, the occa- sion a dinner given by the members to Mr. P. J. Clark, a very old member of the club and an enthusiast in rowing, on the occasion of his proceeding in the R.M.S. Clyde to take a short holiday trip to Europe Mr. Q. L. Deloitte occupied the chair, and Mr. O. P. Simpson the vice-chair. The chairman, is proposing the feast of the evening stated that they had met together to show their appreciation of Mr. Clark for the very many services he had rendered not only to the club but to rowing generally — for he was a man who had been identified with the club for very many years, and at all times was to the fore in lending his aid in the advance of its interests. The toast was most enthusiastically received. Mr. Clark responded in suitable terms, his remarks meeting with much applause. The chairman's health was the only other toast proposed ; but the re- mainder of a quiet and social evening was spent in songs and music, after which the party returned to town. AT St. Andrew's Cathedral a special sermon will be preached to-morrow evening at the 7.30 service by the Primate on "The Old Year's lessons and the New Year's hopes." A VERY largely attended midnight service was held at St. Andrew's Cathedral yesterday, to mark the in- coming of 1887. A special order of hymnal and other services were arranged, and the Primate officiated. The opening hymn was the familiar one com- mencing, " A few more years shall roll, a few more seasons wane, and we shall be with those that rest, till Christ shall come again." The remaining portion of the service included Psalms xc, c., cxiii. ; lesson, 1 Thess. v., the Creo=ed, and the hymn " O, God, our help in ages past; " subsequent to which, before midnight, the Rev. E. C. Beck, A.K.C., gave an address. The " Te Deum Laudanum " was chanted as the new year was ushered in, and the Primate delivered a brief but an eloquoet address. The hymn, "The Lord is King! Lift up your voice, O Earth, and all ye Heavens rejoice," was sung, and at about 12.25 a.m. the benediction was pronounced by Bishop Barry. A SALE of work and fancy articles in aid of the organ fund of Christ Church, St. Laurence, was opened on Thursday afternoon in the schoolroom by the Rev. C. E. Garnsey. The display of articles, both of a useful and an ornamental character, is an attractive one. The bazaar was continued yesterday, and a fair amount of business was done. It will remain open to- day from 2 o'clock until 10 o'clock to-night. THE Rev. H. T. Robjohns, B.A., agent of the British and Foreign Bible Soceity in New South Wales and Queensland, has, by a recent decision of the parent committee, been placed in charge of the interests of the society in New Zealand also. Mr. Robjohns' co- adjutor, the Rev. E. Wilfrid Robinson, will henceforth be agent of the society for Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania, Mr. Robjohns, under the new arrangement, having been relieved of the eastern half of Victoria. AT the annual election of office-bearers connection with the Sydney Women's Prayer Union, which took place in the Temperance Hall on Thursday, the following ladies were elected:— Committee — Mesdames Avery, Griffiths, Turner Robinson, Mulholland, Beach, Ardill, Ficinus, Croft, Abrams, and Peters; Mrs. C. Ward was re-elected hon. secretary, and Mrs. Chis- holm hon. treasurer, for the ensuing year. It was announced that a question session would take place on January 6, 1887, and ladies were invited to send in questions for discussion. THE mission schooner Dayspring returned from her usual cruise among the New Hebrides Group yester- day. Captain Braithwaite brings no news of import- ance, with the exception that the weather has been very hot, with a great deal of rain among the islands, and that the number of French soldiers has been reduced to about 50 men, inclusive of officers, owing, it is believed, to the unhealthiness of the climate. PURSUANT to notice a special general meeting of the shareholders of the Australian Steam Navigation Company was held yesterday afternoon at the offices of the Company, in George-street. Mr. James Ewan, Chairman of the Board of Directors, presided. There was a good attendance, nearly 11,000 shares being represented at the meeting by the shareholders themselves or their proxies. The object of calling the shareholders together was to confider the advisableness of carrying into effect a resolution previously recom- mended by the Board of Directors, that the company be dissolved. On being put to the meeting the recommen- dation mentioned was carried unanimously. It will now be necessary to convene another meeting in accordance with the deed of settlement on the 17th instant for the purpose of confirming the resolution carried yesterday. It is considered fair to assume that the measure will be confirmed without opposition. In that case the company will be formally dissolved, and the fleet handed over to the Queensland Steam understand that the present clerical staff of the com- pany will sever their connection on the 31st instant. Navigation Company on the following day. A MASS meeting with regard to the Mount Rennie outrage, but which was neither large nor enthusiastic, was held at the Queen's statue pedestal last night. The resolution submitted by the promoter of the meeting for the commutation of the sentence passed against the prisoners under sentence of death was negatived, the feeling of the meeting being markedly opposed to the sentiments of the chairman and his following. A report will be found in another column. WE are requested to draw the attention of dairy- men and milk vendors to the terms of the Dairies Supervision Act. 50 Vic, No. 17. This Act comes into force to day within the limit of the Metropolitan police district, and no unregistered dairyman or milk vendor can follow such calling without being liable to prosecu- tion. Any breach of the Act may result in a fine of £20 for each offence Any appearance of infectious disease in a dairy or a milk store must be immediately reported by the householder, occupier, or owner to the proper authorities who are — 1. within the boundaries of the city of Sydney, the Municipal Council thereof; 2, within the limits of any other municipality, or portion thereof, the council thereof; 3, in case there is no municipality, then the police magistrate or the senior police officer of the district AT the fourth quarterly meeting of the Carrington Tent, No. 18, L. O. R. Parramatta, held on Tuesday evening, office-bearers for the current term were elected as follows: — C. R. Bro. H. Kennedy.; . D.R.. Bro. C. F. Bailey ; Secretary, Bro. J. Button ; Treasurer, Bro. P. Morgan; M.S., Bro. Westcott ; W.S., Bro. A Whit- ford; Lovite, Bro. S. Pickard; Guardian, Bro. John Pickering; P. C.R., Bro. R.A Withers; Auditors, Bros. G. B. Davey and Westcott ; Judicial Committee, Bros. Baxter, Bewick, Pickering, Withers, Whitcford, Westcott, Button, and P. Morgan, ON Thursday evening a meeting was held at the Carrington Hall, Woodville-road, for the purpose of formally instituting the branch of the Prospect and Sherwood Ratepayers' Association, which it was de- cided a week previously to form Delegates were present from the parent branch at Sherwood Heights, and Mr. G. A. Gee occupied the chair until after the election of oflicers. Mr. Godding was elected president, Mr. Moloney secretary, Mr. Holmes treasurer, and Messrs. J. Taylor, Bellman, Cantwell, and Purdine were chosen a committee with power to add to their number. It was decided that the meetings of the branch should be held every Thursday evening, and the proceedings concluded with the customary votes of thanks. SOME of the old men located in the George-street Asylum, Parramatta, gave an entertainment for the benefit of one of their comrades, in one of the wards of the institution, on Thursday evening, which passed off very successfully, the old fellows appearing to enjoy the affair very much. During the evening Mrs. Dennis, the matron superintendent of the institution, was pre- tented with a very flattering address and a worktable, on behalf of the inmates: and her two daughters also received presents of workboxes at their hands. The address, table, and boxes were prepared on the premises by some of the inmates, and therefore additional value attaches to them. The presentation was made by the head wardsman, and Mr. James Dennis responded on behalf ot the recipients. WE have been informed that from and after this date the office of the Asylum for Infirm and Destitute Persons will be removed from 407 Pitt-street, to the premises recently occupied as Vaccine offices in King- street, and will be open on all lawful days from 11 to 12 o'clock in the mornings. WE have received from the Rev. T. J. Curtis a letter which, in addition to some imputations it is not necessary to publish, contains the following ex- planation about the convening of the publie meet- ing at the Town Hall last Wednesday evening:— "The simple facts of the case are these: All I know when I saw the acting-Town Clerk with reference to the meeting, was that Mr. Young had referred me to Mr. Riley, and that Mr. Riley had referred me back to Mr. Young. Learning my business, Mr. Daniels volunteered to send a telegram for me to the Mayor at Katoomba. Later in the day I received Mr. Young's reply, informing me for the first time that he would not take the responsibility of convening the meeting ; and still later I received the acting-Town Clerk's telegram telling me the Mayor had convened the meeting. I am innocent of the slightest duplicity or misrepresentation in this, matter." A CORRESPONDENT desires to draw the attention of the police to the disgraceful scenes enacted on and around tho Camperdown Park on Sundays and on Christmas Day. He states that larrikins of the lowest class congregate there, and make use of the most filthy language. On Thursday, he says, the ranger was assaulted by one of these roughs. Outside the park gambling goes on, and conduct of the most indecent description. A CORRESPONDENT signing himself Edw. P. writes in refutation of the opinion that the Renaissance style of architecture, with domo and cupola, is not suited to this climate. He asks if the Garden Palace was con- sidered unsuitable, and says he always regretted to see that the Gothic style, which is suitable for cold and snowy countries, is almost the only one selected for churches in this colony. WE have received a letter from a correspondent signing himself "Torpedo" upon the subject of the despatch of a contingent to be selected from the defence forces of the colonies to the old country, in order that Australia may be represented in the great military review, which is to take place at Aldershot, in honour of the Queen's Jubilee. The writer is of opinion that the movement would be warmly supported by the colonists, who are over ready, he says, to attest their loyalty to the mother country. He further states that if the contingent was composed of men belonging to the different branches of the service, they may, perhaps, be attached to corps similar to their own during their stay in the great military encampment, and thus be enabled to acquire much valuable informa- tion which would be useful to Australians. With regard to the question of expense, he thinks the Government may perhaps feel disposed to bear the cost of sending the men to England, and failing this, sub- scribers to the Patriotic Fund may be inclined to contribute towards the cost of despatching a representa- tive military forçe from these shores to the old land on such an eventful occasion. MR. THOMAN CAMPBELL, of Jameson-street, writes as follows: — "Yesterday evening I was standing talking to a gentleman at the corner of Castlereagh and Market streets, when a boy on a grey pony dashed past, knock- ing down a sober, venerable-looking old man. I rushed to pick up the old gentleman, who was sense- less, and bleeding from a cut on the forehead. At the same time I called to a cabman on the opposite side of the road to take the injured man to the hospital. The cabman repied , " Yes, if you pay me." I told him he was not a Christian, and he came over, when, with same assistance, th old gentle- man was placed in the cab and driven off to the hos- pital, where I gave the cabman 1s., which was all the money I had. A man in a buggy came on the scene of the accident, but turned his head away when I appealed to him. Does it require the law to force to make us act like Christian men? There are good cabmen in this city but the bad ones ruin their name." A SMART seizure of spurious bank notes was made last evening by Detectives Greaves and Hinds, who, while in front of the Royal Hotel in George-street, came upon a man for whom they had lately been seeking day and night. The arrest occurred at about 9 o'clock. Upon the detectives putting some questions to the man, ho became excited. They then asked him what he had about him, and he at once put his hands to his coat pockets as if with a desire to throw some- thing away. He was then handcuffed, and, on his pockets being searched, 20 spurious one-pound notes on the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney were found in his possession. His explanation was that he had won them in a Chinese gaming-house. The notes all bore the No. 282,308. In the man's pockets was also found silver to the amount of over £4. He was taken to the Central Police Station, and was charged with having several forged notes in his possession. The accused is John Rodgers Barrett, and he gives his age at 26 years, though he looks considerably older. He will be brought before the Bench at the Central Police Court. YESTERDAY evening Mr. Alderman Lane, captain of the Newtown Volunteer Fire Brigade, was found by some members of his family lying on the floor, at his residence, Newtown, in an insensible condition. Help was at once procured, and medical assistance called in, but up to a late hour consciousness had not been re- stored. Mr. Lane has recently had a large amount of labour devolving upon him in connection with the Fire Brigades Demonstration, and he has also been very active in regard to the management of other public bodies, and it is feared that his exertions have been more than his constitution could stand. A DOMESTIC servant, named Mary Lucre, 16 years of age, residing at No.65, Liverpool-street, had her foot badly crushed in a lift yesterday. She was taken to thr Sydney Hospital, where Dr. Westrum amputated an injured toe. Two children named Charles Mullins and William Kitchen, each three years of age, and residing in Goulharn-street, were knocked down and run over in that thoroughfare last evening by a horse and cart. Both the little ones were immediately conveyed to the Sydney Hospital. It was found that they had re- ceived severeal lacerated wounds. The former also ex- hibited symptoms of concussion of the brain, while the latter was evidently suffering from this infliction. AN unseemly disturbance took place last evening at the entrance in King-street to the Theatre Royal. It seems that a misunderstanding arose between a check- taker, employed at the theatre and two men who were standing close to the entrance doors, but who had not paid for admission. In the course of a fracas which ensured the check-taker, Phillip Dwyer, was dealt a very severe blow over the right eye with a stick. Both the men with whom it is alleged he was in conflict will appear in the Water Police Court to answer a charge of assault. AN injury of a very dangerous character was suffered yesterday afternoon at the Australian Gas Light Com- pany's Works, situate off Kent-street, by a storeman named William Wrigley, residing at 100, Palmer- street, Woolloomooloo. A motor fell a distance of about 30 feet on to his forehead, causing a deep lace- rated wound, and also fracturing the frontal bone. The man lies in a very precarious condition, and very slight hopes only are entertained of his recovery. In our Thursday's issue the amount of gas stated to be capable of being contained in the Mortlake gas-holder of the Australian Gaslight Company's works was 270,090 cubic feet. The figures should have been 2,750,000 cubic feet. THE eleventh annual meeting of the Church of England Lay Readers' Association will be held at the Chapter- house, Bathurst-street, on Thursday evening next, as will be seen by advertisement elsewhere. The Primate ex- pected to preside. THE Rev. T. J. Curtis is announced to deliver a lecture at the New Masonic Hall, Castlereagh-street South, to- morrow afternoon, at 3 o'clock, on the " Religious, Moral, Social, and Political Aspects of the Mount Rennie Outrage, and the Sentence." Mr. John Davies, C.M.G., M.L.A., is to take the chair. THE following is the report of the Benevolent Asylum for the week ended 20th December: —Admitted, 6 women, 6 children; births 3; discharged, 4 women, 4 children; remaining in the house, 86 women, 119 children : total, 205\. Provisions distributed: 1687 loaves of bread, 1184lb. flour, 4641b. meat, 372lb. sugar, 110½lb. tea, 64lb. sago, 132lb. rice, 21b. arrowroot, 62lb. oatmeal. Total number of cases relieved, 450; fresh applications for relief, 6. THE number of week-day visitors at the National Art Gallery for December was 11,208, an average for 26 days of 431 per day ; Sunday visitors, 5016, an average for four Sundays of 1254 per day: total for the month, 16,224. AN anonymous correspondent has sent us the sum of £2 for the benefit of the wife of Mr. John H. Jenkins. WE have received from Mr. James Anderson, hon. treasurer of the Philharmonic Society, a letter in reply to the communication of Mr. Otton, published in our issue of yesterday. Mr. Anderson traverses the statements of Mr. Otton generally, and brings the question entirely to a per- sonal one between himself and the other gentleman. 