IJJiteratae. ALLAN OUATERMAIN : BEING AN ACCOUNT OF HIS OTTOTHEB ADVENTUBES AND DISCOVERIES IN COMPANY WITH SIE HENKY CURTIS, BART., COMMANDER JOHN GOOD, B.N., AND ONE TOISLOPOGAAS. By H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of 'She,' 'King Solomon's Mines,' &c.; Ex Africa semper aliquid novL ^Published by special arrangement with the author. All lights reserved.] Chapter I. — The Consul's Yar:st.— t {continued). Fortunately there were at Lamu at this time a party of Wakwafi Aakari (soldiers). The Wakwafi, who are a cross between the Masai and the Wataveta, are a fine manly race, possessing many of the good qualities of the Zulu, and a greater capacity for civilisation. They are also .great hunters. As it happened, these particular men had recently been a long trip with an Englishman named Jutson, -who had started for Mombasa, a port .about 150 miles below Lamu, and journeyed right round Kilimanjaro), one of the highest known mountains in Africa Poor fellow, he had died of fever when on his return journey, and within a day's inarch of Mombasa. It does seem hard that he should have gone off thus when -within a few hours of safety, and after having survived so many perils, but so it -was. His hunters buried him, and then came on to Lamu in a dhow. Our friend the consul suggested to us that we had tetter try and hire these men, and ac cordingly on the following morning we started to interview the party, accompanied by an interpreter. In due course we found them in a mud laxA on the outskirts ot the town. Three of the men were sitting outside the hut, and fine frank-looking fellows they were, .having a more or less civilised appearance. To them we cautiously opened the object of our visit, at first with very scant suc cess. They declared that they could not entertain any such idea, that they were -worn and -weary with long travelling, and that their hearts were sore at the loss of their master. They meant to go back to their homes and rest awhile. This did not sound very promising, so by way of effecting a diversion I asked where the remainder of them were. I was told there were six, and I saw but three. One of the men eaid that they slept in the hut, and were yet resting after their labors — *? sleep weighed down their eyelids, and sorrow made their hearts as lead ; it was test to sleep, for with sleep came forget fulnees. But the men should be awakened.' Presently they came out of the hut, yawning — the first two men being evi dently of tiie same race and style as those already before us ; but the appearance of the third and last nearly made me jump out of my skin. He was a very tall, broad man, quite sis foot three, I should say, but gaunt, with lean, wiry-looking limbs. My first glance at him told me that he was no Wakwafi ; he was a pure bred Zulu. He came out with his thin aristocratic-looking hand placed before his face to hide a yawn, so I could only see that he was a ' Keshla,' or ringed man, and that he had a great three cornered hole In his forehead. Among the Zulus a man assumes the ring, which is made. of a species of black gum twisted in with -the hair, and polished a brilliant blacky when he has reached a certain dignity and age, or is the husband of a sufficient nnmber of wives. Till he is in a position to wear a ring he is looked on as a boy, though he may be 35 years of age, or even more. In another second he removed his hand, revealing a powerful - looking Zulu face, with a humorous mouth, a short woolly beard tinged with grey, and a pair of brown eyes keen as hawks. I knew my man at once although I had not seen him for 12 years. ' How do you do, Umslopogaas ?' I said quietly in Zulu. The tall man (who among his own people was commonly known as the ' Woodpecker,' and also as the ' Slaugh terer') started, and almost let the long handled battle-axe he held in his hand fall in his astonishment. Next second he had recognised me, and was saluting me in an outburst of sonorous language which made his companions the Wakwafi stare. 'Koos' (chief), he began, 'Koos-y- PagateJ Eoos- y-urncool (chief from of old — mighty chief) ! Koos ! Baba (father) ! Macuniazahn, old hunter, slayer of ele phant, eater-up of lions, clever one, watchful one 1 brave one ! quick one ! whose shot never misses, who strikes straight home, who grasps a hand and holds it to the death (i.e., is a true friend) ! Koos ! Baba ! Wise is the voice of our people that says ' Mountain never meets with mountain, but at day break or at even man shall meet again with man.' Behold! a messenger came up from Natal, ' Macumazahn is dead !' cried he. ' The land knows Macuma zahn no more.' That is years ago. And now, behold, now in this strange place of stinks I find Macumazahn, my friend. There is no room for doubt, the brash of the old fox has gone a little grey ; but is not his eye as keen, and are not his teeth as sharp? Ha ! ha ! Macuma zahn, mindest thou how thou didst plant the ball in the eve of the charging buffalo — mindest thou — ' I had let him run on thus because I saw that this enthusiasm was producing a marked effect upon the minds of the five Wakwafi, who appeared to understand something of his talk ; but now I thought it time to put a stop to it, for there it nothing that I hate so much as this Zulu system of extravagant praising — 'bonger- ing,' as they call it. ' Silence,' I said. ' Has all thy noisy talk been stopped up since last I saw thee that it breaks out thus, and sweeps us away ? What doest thou here with these men — thou whom I left a chief in Zululand ? How is it that thou art far from thine own place, and gathered together with strangers ? Umslopogaas leant himself upon the head of his long battle-axe (which was nothing else but a pole-axe, with a beau tiful handle of rhinoceros horn), and his grim face grew sad. ' My father,' he answered, ' I have a word to tell thee, but I cannot speak it before these low people (umfagozana), and he glanced at the Wakwafi askari ; ' it is for thine own ear. My father, this will I say,' and here his face grew stern again, ' a woman betrayed me to the death, and covered my name with shame — ay, my own wife, a round-faced girl, betrayed me, but I escaped from death; ay, 1 broke from the very hands of those who came to slay me. I struck but three blows with this mine axe Inkosikaasi— surely my father will remember it — one to the right, one to the left, and one hi front, and yet I left three men dead. And then I fled, and as my father knows, even now that I am old, my feet are as the feet of the Sassaby [a fleet antelope], and there breathes not the man who, by running, can touch me again when once I have bounded from his side. On I sped, and after me came the mes sengers of death, and their voice was as the voice of dogs that hunt. From my own kraal I flew, and, as I passed, she who had betrayed me was drawing water from the spring. I fleeted by her like the shadow of death, andaslwent I smote with mine axe, and lo ! her head fell ; it fell into the water pan. Then I fled north. Day after day I journeyed on j for three moons 1 journeyed, resting not, stopping not, but running on towards forgetfulness, till I met the party of the white hunter who is now dead, and am come hitter with his servants. And nought have I brought with me. I who was high-born, ay, of the blood of Chaka, the great king — a chief, and a captain of the regi ment of the Nkomabakosi — am a wan derer in strange places, a man without a kraal. Noughthavelbroughtsavethismine axe; of all my belongings this remains alone. They have divided my cattle ; they have taken my wives ; and my chil dren know my face no more. Yet with this axe' — and he swung the formidable weapon round his head, making the air hiss as he clove it — 'will I carve another path to fortune. I have spoken.' I shook my head at him. ' Umslopa gaas,' I said, ' I know thee from of old. Ever ambitious, ever plotting to be great, I fear me that thou hast over-reached thyself at last. Years ago, when thou wouldsthave plotted against Cetywayo, son of Panda, I warned thee, and thou didst listen. But now, when I was not by thee to stay thy hand, thou hast dug a pit for thine own feet to fall in. Is it not so? But what is done is done. Who can make the dead tree green, or gaze again upon last year's sun 1 Who can recall the spoken word, or bring back the spirit of the slain ? That which Time swallows comes not up again. Let it be forgotten ! 'And now, behold, Umslopogaas, I know thee for a great warrior and a brave man , faithful to the death. Even in Zulu land, where all the men are brave, they called thee the ' Slaughterer,9 and at night told stories round the fire of thy strength and deeds. Hear me now. Thou seest this great man, my friend' — and I pointed to Sir Henry ; 'he also is a war rior as great as thou, and strong as thoa art ; he could throw thee over his shoul der. Incuba is his name. And thou seest this one also ; him with the round stomach, the shining eye, and the plea sant face. Bougvran (glass eye) is his name, and a good man is he and a true, being of a curious people, who pass their life upon the water, and live iu floating kraals. 'Well, we three whom thou seesfc would travel inland past Dongo Egere, the great white mountain (Mount Kenia), and far into the unknown beyond. We know not what we shall find there ; we go to hunt and seek adventures, and new places, being tired of sitting still, with the same old thugs around us. Wilt thou come with us ? To thee shall be given command of all our servants ; but what shall befall thee, that 1 know not. Once before we three journeyed thus in search of adventure, and we took with us a man auch as thou— one Umbopa ; and, behold, we left him the king of a great country, with twenty impis (regiments), each of 3,000 plumed warriors, waiting on his word. How it shall go with thee, I know not ; mayhap death awaits thee and us. Wilt thou throw thyself to fortune and come, or fearest thou, Umslopogaas?' The great man smiled. ( ( Thou art not altogether right, Macumazahn/' he said ; ' I have plotted in my time, but it was not ambition that led me to my fall ; but ehame on me that I should have to say it, a fair woman's face. Let it pass. So we are going to see something like the old timesagain, Macumazahn, when we fought and hunted in Zululand ? Ay, I will come. Come life, come death, what care I, so that the blows fall fast and the blood runs red ? I grow old, I grow old, and I have not fought enough! And yet am I a warrior among warriors ; see my scars' — and he pointed to countless cicatrices, stabs and cuts, that marked the skin of his chest and legs and arms. ' See the hole in my head ; the brains gushed out therefrom, yet did 1 slay him who emote, and live. KnoweBt thou how many men I have slain, in fair hand-to-haad combat, Macumazahn? See, here is the tale of them' — and he pointed to long cows of nich.es cut In the rhinoceros-horn handle of his axe. *(N umber them, Macumazahn — one hundred and three — and I have never counted but those whom I have ripped open, nor have I reckoned those whom another man had struck.' ' Be silent,' I said, for 1 saw that he was getting the blood-fever on him ; 'be silent;. well art thou called the 'Slaughterer.' We would not hear of thy deeds of blood. Remember, if thou comest with us we fight not save in self defence. Listen, we need servants. These men,' and I pointed to the Wakvrafi, who had retired a little way during our ' in daba' (talk) 'aay they will not come.' 'Will not come!' shouted Umslo pogaas ; ' where is the dog who says he will not come when my father orders ? Here, thou '—and with a single bound he sprung upon the Wakwafi with whom I bad first spokeD, and, seizing him by the arm, dragged him towards us. ' Thou dog !' he said, giving the terrified man a shake, 'didst thou say that thou wouldst not go with my father*? Say it once more and I will choke thee'' — and his long fiiigers closed round his throat as he said it — ' thee, and those with thee. Hast tbou forgotten how I served thy brother ?' 'Nay, we will come with the white man,' gasped the man. ' White man !' went on Umslopogaas, in simulated fury, which a very little pro vocation would have made real enough, ' of whom speakest thou, insolent dog 2' 'Nay, we will go with the great chief.' ' So !' said Umslopogaas in a quiet voice, as he suddenly released his hold so that the man fell backward. 'I thought you would.' *' That man Umslopogaas seems to have a curious moral ascendancy over his com panions,' Good afterwards remarked thoughtfully. Chapter II. — The Black Haxd. In due course we left for Lamu, and 10 days afterwards we found ourselves at a spot called Charra, on the Tana River, having gone through many adventures which need not be recorded here. Amongst other things we visited a ruined city, of which there are many on this coast, and which must once, to judge from their extent and the numerous re mains of mosques and stone houses, have been very populous places. These ruined cities are immeasurably ancient, having, I believe, been places of wealth and im portance as tar back as the Old Testa ment times, when they we centres of trade with India and elsewhere. But their glory has departed now — the slave trade has finished them — and where once wealthy merchants from all partis of the then civilised world stood and bargained in the crowded market places, the lion holds his court at night, and instead of the chattering of slaves and the eager voices of the bidders, his awful note goes echoing down the ruined corridors. At this particular place we discovered on a mound, covered up with rank growth and rubbish, two of the most beautiful stone doorways that it is possible to conceive. The carving on them was simply exquisite, and I only regret that we had no means of getting them away. No doubt they had once been the entrances to a palace, of which, however, no traces were now to be seen, though probably its ruins lay under the rising mound. Gone ! quite gone ! the way that every thing must go. Like the nobles and the ladies who lived within their 'gates, these cities have had their day, and now they are as Babylon and Nineveh, and as London and Paris will one day be. Nothing may endure. That is the inexorable law. Men and women, empires and cities, thrones, principalities, and powers, mountains, rivers, and un fathomed seas, worlds, spaces, and uni verses all have their day, and all must go. In this ruined and forgotten place the moralist may behold a symbol of the uni ; vereal destiny. For this system of ours allows no room for standing still — nothing can loiter on the road and check the pro gress of things upwards towards life, or the rush of things downwards towards death. The. stern policeman Fate moves us and them on, on, uphill and downhill, and across the level ; there is no resting place for the weary feet, till at last the abyss swallows us, and from the shores of the transitory we are hurled into the sea of the eternal. At Charra we had a violent quarrel with the head man of the bearers we had hired to go as far as this, and who now wished to extort large extra payment from us. In the result he threatened to set the Masai — about whom more anon— on to us. That night he, with all our hired bearers, bolted, stealing most of the goods which had been entrusted to them to carry. Luckily, however, they had not happened to steal our rifles, ammunition, and per sonal effects ; not because of any delicacy of feeling on their part, but owing to the fact that they chanced to be in the charge of the five Wakwafis. After that, it was clear to us that we had had enough of caravans and of bearers. Indeed, we had not much left for a caravan to carry. And yet, how we were to get on ? It was Good who solved the question. ' Here is water,' he said, pointing to the Tana River ; ' and yesterday I saw a party of natives hunting hippopotami in canoes. I understand that Mr. Mackenzie's mission station is on the Tana River. Why not get into canoes and paddle up to it ?' This brilliant suggestion was, needless to say, received with acclamation, and I instantly set to work to buy suitable canoes from the surrounding natives. I succeeded after a delay of three days in obtaining two large ones, each hollowed out of a single log of some light wood, and capable of holding six people and baggage. For these two canoes we had to pay nearly all our remaining cloth, and also many other articles. On the day following our purchase of the two canoes we effected a start. In the first canoe were Good, Sir Henry, and three of our Wakwafi followers ; id the second myself, Umslopogaas, and the other two Wakwafis. As our course lay up stream we had to keep four paddles at work in each canoe, which meant that the whole lot of us, except Good, had to row away like galley-slaves; and very ex hausting work it was. I say. except Good, for of course the moment that Good got into a boat his foot was on his native heath, and he took command of the party. And oh, my word, didn't he work us. On shore Good is a gentle, mild manneredjnan, and given to jocosity; but, as we found to our cost, Good in a boat was a perfect demon. To begin with, he knew all about it, and we didn't. On all nautical subjects, from the torpedo fittings of a man-of-war down to the best way of handling the paddle of an African canoe, he was a perfect mine of informa tion, which, to say the least of it, we were not. ' AIeo his ideas of discipline were of the sternest, and in short, he came the royal naval officer over us pretty consider ably, and paid us out amply for all the chaff we were wont to treat him to on land ; but on the other hand I am bound to say that he managed the boats admirably. After the first day Good succeeded, with the help of some cloth and a couple of poles, in rigging up a sail in each canoe, which lightened our labors not a little. But the current ran very strong against us, and at the best we were not able to make more than 20 miles a day. Our plan was to start at dawn, and paddle along till about half-past 10, by which time the sun got too hot to allow of further exertion. Then we moored our canoes to the bank, and ate our frugal meal ; after which we slept or otherwise amustd ourselves till about 3 o'clock, when we again Btarted, and rowed till within an hour of sundown, when we called a halt for the night. On landing in the evening, Good would at once set to work, with the help of the Askari, to build a little 'scherm,' or small en closure, fenced, with thorn bushes, to light a fire. I, with ,SiV Henry and UmBlopogaas, would go out *9 shoot something for the pot. Generally* this was an easy task, for all sorts of ga£ie abounded on the banks of the Tana. One night Sir Henry shot a young cow- giraffe, of which the marrowbones wera excellent ; on another I got a couple of waterbuck right and left ; and once, to his intense satisfaction, Umslopogaas (who, like most Zulus, was a vile shot with a rifle) managed to kill a fine fat eland with a Martini I had lent 'him. Sometimes we varied our food by shooting some guinea fowl, or bush- bustard (paau) — both of which were numerous — with a shot-gun, or by catching a supply of beautiful yellow fish, with which the waters of the Tana swarmed, and which form, I believe, one of the chief food supplies of the croco dile?. Three days after our start an ominous icci'dent occurred. We were just drawing in to the bank to make our camp as U3iial for the night, when we caught sight of a figure standing on a little knoll not forty yards away, and intently watchirg our approach. One glance was sufficient — although I was personally un acquainted with the tribe — to tell me that he was a Masai Elmoran, or young warrior. Indeed, had 1 had any doubts, they would have quickly been dispelled by the terrified ejaculation of 'Masai!' that burst simultaneously from the lips of our Wak wafi followers, who are, as I think I have said, themselves bastard Masai. And what a figure he presented as he stood there in hfs savage war gear. Accustomed as I have been to savages all my life, I do not think that I have ever before seen anything quite so ferocious or awe-inspiring. To begin with, the man was enormously tall, quite as tall as Umalopo gaas I should say, and beautifully though somewhat slightly shaped,; but with the face of a devil. In his right hand he held a spear about five and a half feet long, the blade being two and a half feet in length, 'by nearly three inches in width, and having an iron spike at the end of the handle that measured more than a foot. On his left arm was a large and well made elliptical shield of buffalo hide, on . which were painted strange heraldic looking devices. On his shoulders was a huge cape of hawk's feathers, and round his neck was a 'naibere,' or strip of cotton, about 17 feet long, by one and a half broad, with a stripe of color running down the middle of it. The tanned goatskin robe, which formed his ordinary attire in times of peace, was tied lightly round his wa|st, sd as to serve the purposes of a Beit, and through it were stuck, on tlie right: and left sides respec tively, his' Short \\\ peaj-shaped sime, or sword, which' \x made of a single piece of steel, . and carried in a wooden sheathj and an enormous knobkerrle. ' But Jferhapa the most re markable feature olfhis attire consisted of a headdress of ostnen feathers, which was fixed on the chin, and passed in front of the ears to the forehead, and, being shaped like an ellipse, completely framed the face, so that the diabolical coun tenance appeared to project from a sort of feather firescreen. Round the ankles he wore black fringes of hair, and, project ing from the upper portion of tlie calves, to which they were attached, were long spurs like spikes, from which, flowed down, tufts of the beautiful black and waving hair of the Colobus monkey. Such was the elaborate array of the Masai Elmoran who stood watching the approach of our two canoes, but it is one which, to be ap preciated, must be seen ; only those who see it do not often live to describe it. Of course I could not make out all these de tails of his full dress on the occasion of this my first introduction, being indeed, amply taken up with the con sideration of the general effest, but I had plenty of subsequent opportunities of be coming acquainted with the items that went to make it up. . - Whilst we were hesitating what to do the Masai warrior drew himself up in a dignified fashion, shook his huge spear at us, and turning vanished on the further side of the slope. 'Hulloa !' holloaed Sir Henry from the other boat, 'our friend the caravan leader has been as good as his word, and set the Masai after us. IJo you think it will be safe to go ashore ?' I did not think it would be at all safe, but on the other hand we %ad no means of cooking in the canoes, and nothing that we could eat raw, so it jnras difficult to know what to do. At. iasjb Umslopogaas simplified matters by volunteering to go and reconnoitre, which he did, creeping off into the bush like a snake', whilst we hung ._ off in the stream waiting for him. In half an hour he returned and told us that there was not a Masai to be 'seen anywhere . about, but that he had discovered a spot where they had recently been encamped, and that from various indications he judged that they must have moved on an hour or so before ; the man we saw having no doubt been left to report upon our movements. Thereupon we landed^ and, having posted a sentry, proceeded^ to cook and eat our evening meal. This done, we took the situation into our serious consideration. Of course it was possible that the apparation of the Masai warrior had nothing to do with us, that he was merely one of a band bent upon some marauding and murdering expedition against another tribe. Our friend the consul had told us that such expeditions were' about. But when we recalled the threat of the caravan leader, and reflected on the ominous way in which' the warrior had shaken his spear at us, this did not appear very probable. On the contrary, what did seem probable was that the party was after us and awaiting a favorable opportunity to attack us. This being so, there were two things that we . could do — one of which was to go on, and , the other to go back. The latter idea was, however, rejected at once, it being obvious that we should encounter as many dangers in retreat as in advance ;.and, besides, we had made up our minds to journey onwards at any price: Under these cir cumstances, however, we did not consider it safe to sleep ashore, so we got into our canoes, and paddling out into the middle of the stream, which was not very wide here, managed to anchor them by means of big stones fastened to ropes made ~ of cocoanut- fibre, of which there were several fathoms in each canoe. Here the mosquitoes nearly ate- U3 up alive, and this, combined with anxiety as to our position, effectually prevented me from sleeping as the others were doing,iiot withstanding the attacks of the aforesaid Tana mosquitoes. And so I lay awake smoking and reflecting on many things, but being of a practical turn of mind, chiefly on how we were to give those Masai villians the slip. It was a beauti ful moonlight night, and ^notwithstanding the mosquitoes and the great risk we were running from fever from sleeping in such a spot, and forgetting that I had the cramp very badly in my right leg from squatting in a constrained position in the canoe, and that the Wakwafi who was sleeping by me smelt horrible, I really began to enjoy myself. The moonbeams played upon the surface of the running water chat speeded unceasingly past us towards the sea like men's lives towards the grave, till it glittered like a wide sheet of silver in the open where the trees threw no shadows. Rear the banks, however, it was very dark, and the night wind sighed sadly in the reeds. To our left, on the further ' aide of the river, was a little sandy bay which was clear of trees, and here I could make out formB of numerous antelopes advancing to the water, till suddenly there came an ominous roar, whereupon they all made off hurriedly. Then after a pause I caught sight of the massive form of his majesty the lion, coming down to drink his fill after meat. Presently he moved on, then came a clashing of the reeds about fifty yards above us, and a few minutes later a huge black mass rose out of the water, about twenty y aids fonj me, and ignored,. It was ?a the head of a hippopotamus. Down it wSBv without a sound, only to rise again within fiveyardsof where Isat. Thiswas decidedly too near to be comfortable, more especially as_ the hippopotamus was evidently animated by intense curiosity to know what on earth our canoes were. He opened his great mouth, to yawn, I sup pose, and gave me an excellent view of his ivories ; and I could not help reflect ing how easily he cculd crunch up our frail canoe with a single bite. Indeed, I had half a mind to give him a ball from my eight bore, but on reflection de termined to let him alone unless he actually made for the boat. Presently he sank again as noiselessly as before, and I saw no more of him. Just then, on look ing towards the bank on our right, I fancied that I caught sight of a dark figure flitting between the tree trunks. I have very keen sight, and I was almost sure that I saw something, but whether it was bird, beast, or man I could not say. At the moment, however, a dark cloud passed over the moon, and I saw no more of it. Just then, too, although all the other sounds of the forest had ceased, a species of honied owl with which I was well acquainted began to hoot with great persistency. After that, save for the rustling of trees and reeds when the wind caught them, there was complete silence. But somehow, in the most unaccount able way, I had suddenly become ner vous. There was no particular reason why I should be, beyond the ordinary reasons which surround the Central African traveller, and yet I undoubtedly was. If there is one thing more than another of which I have the most com plete and entire scorn and disbelief it is of presentiments, and yet here I was all of a sudden filled, with and possessed by a most undoubted presentiment of approach ing evil. I would not give way to it, how ever, although I felt the cold perspira tion stand out upon my forehead. I would not arouse the others. Worse and worse I grew, my pulse fluttered like a dying man's, my nerves thrilled with the horrible sense of impotent terror, which anybody who is subject to nightmare will be familiar with, but atill my will triumphed over my fears, and I lay quiet (for I was half sitting, half lying, in the bow of the canoe), only turning my face so as to command a view of Umslopogaas and the two Wakwafi who were sleeping alongside of and beyond me. In the distance I heard a hippopotamus splash faintly, then the owl hooted again in a kind of unnatural screaming note, ard the wind began to moan plaintively through the trees, making a heart-chilling music. Above was the black bosom' of the cloud, and beneath me swept the black flood of the water, and I felt as though I and death were utterly alone between them. It was very desolate. Suddenly my blood seemed to freeze in my viens, and my heart to stand still. Was it fancy, or were we moving? I turned my eyes to look for the other canoe which should be alongside of us. I could not see it, but instead I saw a lean and clutching black hand lifting itself above the gunwale of the little boat. Surely it was a nightmare ! At the same instant a dim' but devilish-looking face appeared to rise out of the water, and then came a lurch of the canoe, the quick flash of a knife, and an awful yell from the Wakwafi who was sleeping by my side (the same poor fellow whose odor had been annoying me), and some thing warm spurted into my face. In an instant the spell was broken ; I knew that it was no nightmare, but that we were attacked by swimming Masai. Snatching at the first weapon that came to hand, which happened to be Umslopo gaas's battle-axe, 1 struck with all my force in the direction in which I had seen the flash of the knife. The blow fell upon a man's arm, and catching it against the thick wooden gunwale of the canoe com pletely severed it from the body just above the wrist. As for its owner, he uttered no sound or cry. Like a ghost he came, and like a ghost he went, leav ing behind him a bloody hand still grip ping a great knife, or rather a short sword, that was buried in the heart of our poor servant. Instantly there arose a hubbub and con fusion, and I fancied, rightly or wrongly, that I made out several dark heads gliding away towards the right-hand bank, whither we were rapidly drifting, for the rope by which we were moored had been severed with a knife. As soon as I had realised this fact I also realised that the scheme had been to cut the boat loose so. that it should drift on to the right bank (as it would have done with the natural swing of the current), where no doubt a party of Masai were waiting to dig their Bhovel-headed .spears into us. Seizing one paddle myself, I told Umslopogaas to take another (for the remaining Askari was teo frightened and bewildered to be of any use), and together we rowed vigorously out towards the middle of the stream ; and not an instant too soon, for in another minute we should have been aground, and then there would have been an end of us. As soon as we were well out we set to work to paddle the canoe up stream again to where the other was moored ; and very hard and dangerous work it was in the dark, and with nothing but the notes of Good's stentorian shouts, which he kept firing off at intervals like a fog- horn to guide us. But at last we fetched up, and were thankful to find that they had not been molested at all. No doubt the owner of the same hand that severed our rope, should have severed theirs also, but was led away from his purpose by an irresistible inclination to murder when he got the chance, which, whilst it cost us a man and him his hand, undoubtedly saved all the rest of us from massacre. Had it not been for that ghastly apparition over the side of the boat — an apparition that I shall never forget till my dying hour— the canoe would undoubtedly have drifted ashore before I realised what had hap pened, and this history would never have been written by me. (To he continued.) 