THE CRADOOK GHOST. FFrotn our own Corresnondent.! rjradoek. Mav 17. Un Saturday, May 14, Mr. A. Miteheu, accompanied by Mr. C. K. Richardsoa, pro ceeded from Cradock to Yanyame deter mined as far as was possible to investigate 1,110 iuy rueiy ui mo jucuu,mu BJiuutuugp roveauy and still heard at fiamdorf'a, respecting which very contradictory reports have atf different times appeared in the Press. They found the family had removed (as previously intimated) to an unoccupied hut belonging to a Mr.' Ford, ahont S miles distant from, the former place, where the sounds were fust heard. Mr. Hamdorf was absent, but the rest of the family were at' home, also Schulz, the little gixTs father, and hia brother. On introducing themselves to Mrs. Hamdorf with a request to be allowed to Investigate the matter, which was readily granted* they entered, and by conversation learned that the knockings had been heard as re cently as the previous night, within a few minutes after the arrival of Mr. Scnulz, who had come from Teetulpa in consequence of his daughter's connection with the phe nomenon. The Hamdorfs expressed great indignation at the statement** made by Trooper Shegog, which they characterize as being untrue. Mr. Schulz informed them that the knockings had been heard the pre vious night without otter darkness, so at about a quarter to 7 p.m. the lamp was turned down, bat the fire allowed to burn brightly. The little girl called Sissy was then placed at the end of the table beside Mr. Mitchell. After standing there about six minutes she said, 'It is coming,' and sighed very heavily, which, in fact, she had done several times while standing waiting. Mrs. H. said, 'Can you hear.it, Sissy 1' to which the child replied, ' Yes, it is in thia corner of the wall ; it will eoon be here.' Mr. Mitchell listened attentively, but could hear nothing for at least two minutes, although Mrs. Hamdorf and those who were accustomed to the rapping professed to hear it earlier, bat very indistinctly. He then distinguished a alight tapping, which Mr. Richardson also heard, from the middle of the room. Mr. Mitchell was standing with the child Sissy at the end of a table at one side of the room, but in front of the fireplace. The tapping became audible in the flags of the floor, between the child and the wall. The father (Schulz) then said that it appeared to him the knocking followed the child, and suggested that the child should be set : on the veritable box on which the alleged fraud was so cleverly discovered by Mr. Shegog, which was done, placed in the centre of the floor. Mr. Richardson sat on the child's right hand, and Mr. Mitchell at her left on the box, Mr. Mitchell placing his arms around the child, Mr. Richardson holding her feet, though each was so intent' on his own part of the se*aace that neither knew the precaution taken by the other until later. The child seemed inwardly disquieted. Mitchell asked her if she was not well, she replied 'Yes.' He asked, 'Then what makes you sigh. Sissy?' She replied she didn't know. ' Is anything troubling you ?' ' No.' ' Do yon feel very tired or sleepy !' 'Yes.' They then sat in Bilence, and in. about half a minute the tapping was heard right under their faces (which were all three turned towards each other, bend ing down) in the flags. After the knocking it was heard immediately behind the box (still In the flags of the floor). As the child appeared weary Mrs. Hamdorf then put her to bed, which was on a mattress on the floor, partially in a receaa formed by the fireplace, bat not touching any walL In a few minutes the child fell asleep. Very shoitly after dropping asleep her head began to roll slightly irotn side to side. Mr. Mit chell then knelt beside her and carefully examined her and the immediate surroand ings with a lamp. Her pulse was rather fall, hands normally warm, cheeks and ears rather cold, region of the brain rather hot. On touching any part of the head a tremor passed through her entire frame, and during the whole Beance the child appeared to be under a powerful influence as of mesmerism, A rr-n.i*n fno fcm ri/VLrtn o- ironAmn-iD-n/ui^ In ttia wall. Mr. bchulz asked Mitchell to question the spirit and endeavour to elicit informa tion. Mr. Mitchell then put queries and re ceived answers to the following effect:— Ihe spirit stated that its visit was to Sissy that night, as she was the spirit of her mother, and was distressed on her account. Her visit would not do Sissy any harm. Mrs. Hamdorf was kind to Si&sy.; The spirit loved Sissy, and not her little boy. She wished Sissy to be removed to her friends at Blackrock to bs educated [n the Christian faith. The spirit would not show herself to the questioner, not even in a dark room, because of its inability to do bo. Sissy had seen the spirit of her mother, and was not frightened. The child, however, did not know her. The mother longed for Sissy's presence, but would wait patiently until her time came. Sissy wouldlive till she attained to the age of 27. She is now 9 years old. The mother, who has been five years a spirit, is named Rebecca Schulz. The questioner asked if he should forward Sissy's hair string to Mr. Dobbie, and the spirit replied 'Yes, as he would be able to reveal something.' She would appear to Mr. Schnlz in; that room at 12 o'clock if all bat he and| Mrs. Hamdrof left it. The room must be in darkness. The rappings ceased about 8.35 after one hour and forty minutes' con tinuous knocking and answering of questions. I may also add that on Sunday evening some other visitors from Cradock experienced an even more interesting stance (or by what ever name the phenomenon Bhould be called). The same mysterious influence ap peared to enthrall the child even more com pletely, for oa one touching her forehead she gave a great spring in bed, at the same time a thrill aa or electricity was felt up his arm by the person touching ; but the girl was all unconscious, and after another hour and forty minutes' visit the visitor appeared to audibly leave, the little one soon regaining calmness, and those touching her found the influence gone. One of the visitors who is gifted with the faculty of thought or mind reading endeavoured to elicit informa tion by communication, but though a strong tremor passed from one to the other there was no manifestation, only darkness. Shortly after the knocking ceased the same person said to those present, ' The spirit has gone ; I feel its presence passed off,' I make no comment on the foregoing, bat write at Mr. Mitchell's dictation, and may say that his statements are borne out in every particular by Messrs. Thomas Reed, C. R. RichardfiOD, 6. J. Gadd, and many other strictly truthful and Intelligent people, and in consequence of their statements I drove to the place and witnessed the same pheno menon myself in company with some twenty others. The child avers that on Thursday night week she saw by the light of the moon a figure, closely veiled, appear from a door at the end of the room and move up and down the room several times. Sne called Mrs. Hamdorf three or four times, and at the last callinglouder the apparition vanished through the same opening. 