TIic Clarcmont Ghost. The adjourned inquiry on ihc bones recently found .it Claremont look place on Monday Just, before the Coroner iJJr. J. K. ^Lethbrid^e) and jury. / The Coroner, iu addressing the jury, after "" thoy had boon duly sworn, said that he had, after the lust adjournment, sent a telegram asking the medical gentlemen in Sydney who had sent a report on tho remains to attend that day and give ovideuce. Ho did not receive a reply till Saturday, and that was to tho effect that neither of tho gentle men named (Drs. McLaxtrin and Anderson Stuart) could attend without considerable public inconvenience, stating, however, that the Coroner had better consult tho Govern ment medical officer, wilh a view of procuring inorb local medical ovidence. This, he said, had been done, and Dr. J. Cappic Shand had been called in. It would be now for. tho jury to decide whetheu he should sum mons the Sydney medical gentlemen—as that appeared tho ouly means of bringing them—or whether they would hoar the other local evidence and then decido. Tlio jury decided to hear what additional evidence would bo given. Dr. 0. 0. Brady gave furthor ovidenco, as follows: I hftvo mado a further and more careful examination of tho bones, and have no occasion to rovcrso my previous opinion as to the bones produced being portions of human bone; tho bones were so burned and broken that I could not swear positively to them, but I could come to no other conclu than that thoy wore human bones. Dr. J. Cappie Shand deposed: I am' a duly-qualjfied medical practitioner practising : in and/residing at Penrith ; at the invitation of Sergeant'Dove, I oxamined certain bones, alleged :to bo portions of human bones, found at Claremont; tho bones now pro duced arc those which I examined, and I recognised portions'of human bones amongst ' them ; the bones are so small and so incin ■ ei'ated by tho fire-that it is almost im possible for any one to'bo positive as to their : exact position in the human framo;. in packet marked B we have principally to do with portions of long bones ; I have en deavoured .to connect the fragments suffi ciently- to be able,to comparo them with other bones, but . have not had sufficient timo; if you (tho coroner) will kindly,allow,mo to liavo tho bones, for a time I will tako more pains in tiding to connect them ; in packet CI noticed some;fangs,of; teeth, which corro spond withhuman, tqetli in ovory respect; I have novel- taken.myicli notice of tho action of fire upon b'ohes, but it is very ovident the fire would^spoiirt'ako all tlio organic substance out of a bond, tlion it'AVould shrink up and beepmo very brittlo, and that would cause them to'break'up into almost unrecognisable pieces'?'parcel':D contained a'piece of bone which •had'1 a Very stroiig resomblance to a part of the margin of the eye, and tho same' bone also, had'a rosbihblanco to a portion of • 'the ribparcel E ; contained fiovoral buttons1! —two trouser buttons, ono'sliirt button, and dnb'vest button-—one of the trousers buttons' was made of brass, tho other of iron. By. the Coroner: Aftor a careful oxami 'nation of' tho various bones, I' lean- to tlio opinion that1 they are liimian bones.. ; • : The Corbiiei" briefly 'addressed the jury, touching'upon each feature of tlie'evidence, and expressed a hope that they would make it an open verdict, so that tho police would, have a chance to more fully sift the matter out, as-lio was fully convinced there was foul play in tho matter; .-•••1'«•• , Tlio jiiry -rbtired-'for-a-few minutes only and retiirned . with1 the-'following vordict: "That in our opinion'tlioro lias not boon sufficient- ovidenco for us to say wliothor tho bones aro lnnuan bonos or not," and added a'a!a'rider "It.isour'opinion that the Sydney doctors shdulds'bo is'evoroly censured for'not, coming forward, to give their evidenco.'^"] • 