A HORRIBLE MURDER IN FRANCE, rrhnce is becoming the land of sensational murder. Every week some new crime is repor ted more horrible than the one that went before It. The culmination of horror will accordingly be found in the case which has just terminated at Blois. Every rtsonrce of invention in this diabolical art seemed to have been exhausted when a man lately cut off a woman's head, and flourished it at the window before an affrighted crowd. DBut the two brothers Lebon and the woman Thomas and her husband, peasants of the Bologne, have left his exploit fa in the shade. These monsters combined to born an old woman to death, and the woman was the dother of the two Lebons and of Madanrd Thomas. The whole family was engaged in the crime, for the woman led her husband into it, and, according to ons report, it was done at her instigation. The motive is varioausly attributed to cupidity and superetition. The poor old creature was bed ridden; she was too infirm "evenlto weed in the gardoe., and, beside that she was the possessor tof a sum equtvilent to about £10. The longer she lived the less of this money might remain for division at her death so it was determined at a sort of family council to get her out of the way. Superstition certainly had its share in this resolve. The old woman squinted, and her hair, moreover, was of a colour that denoted communicatio ns with the unaden world. She was doomed, therefore, to die the death of a witch by eling burned alive. The murder appears to have been decided on "in pri. ciple" some time before its execttion. It Is raid to have l nee lhostened by the fears of one of the brothers who lived at a dis tance, that if it was committed in his absence the other accomplices might deprive him of his share of the pecniaery benefit. The manner of the crime was pre-determined with equal care. The old woman was to be smeared all over withl petroleum, then thrust into the large fireplaco of her laughter's cottage, and held there till she was roasted to death. A declaration was after wards to be miadelo at the mayor's umce to the effect that she lead fallen into the lire by acci dent, and had perished there during the absence of the faminly. All this was exactly carried out. The son who lived at a distance "called to see his mother" on a certain day, and towards nightfall sat down to dinner with his brother and sister and the sisters husband. The dinner was pparently one long council on tihe deed of blood the destined victim meanwhile lying helpless on her bed in the corner Suddenly they all started up though the order of their rising is varioenly given in the different pleadings, seized the old wonman, and dragged her towarlds the fire. The brother who lived at a distance declared that he was threatened into parti cipatIon by his sister and her usnband; but it i. certain that he hlelpel to carry his mother to her doom. By this time the wretched creature know perfectly well what fate awaited her, and she begged for nmercy Ic piteous accents. and struggled to get free. The murderers meanwhile saturated her clothes with petrolenm, and made au wisp of straw with which to set her on fire. This done, the torch was applied to ler, aed at the same time aile war s thrust nluto the fire. her screams and her struggles were what may b?e imagined, acnd old aned feeble as she was, she mhrade a desperate tight for life. Bunt one of the monsters held er in her place ore te lire with ia hay rake, and another pressed his foot upon her chest. Her three little grandlchildren, who had witnessed the pre lpruations for the crime, crept in terror into a clothes press while it was going forwardn and lwhile they were cowering there the murderers told them to pray for the old woman's soul. The sralte awful confusion of ideas as between religion andl sperstition hatd clharecterised all their preparations for the muncer. They took care to hlave the old womanr duilly absolvied aIt fewr darys before they killed er, and their confessions to the priest where lado long before their confes sion to the judge. The priest showed his horror of the crimp by laying the heaviest possible penance eon the perpetrator, but his lips were seeled. They eall attendeid mass in the moriulg after the murder, and on their way they borght some yards of ribbon which they brought to the priest to bless. After the service the womana remained kneeling on the floor, trembling as if in a palsy, crying 5mea culpa, beating her breast. Their reanorse, however, know how to discri hrinato betweene the temporal and the spiritual arm. They mado their declaration as to the alleged accident on the very night of the crime, but it at once excited suspicion. A gendarme was sent to the hoese to view the ceharred blody his report was followed by their arrest, and their arrest by the confession of the ehole fainily, children and all. The woman and her hushnend nvo been sen tonced to death, rand the two brothers to penal servitude. H. Gruvy, is to be hoped aend believed, will hardly interfere between these wretches andl the executioner, in spite of his well-known aversion to capital punishneont. No case invented by the more wit of man could be so absolutely free from every extenuating cir cumstance. Languageo entirely falls to do justice to the horror of it, and the simplest recital of its circnumstances is the nmost effective for all purposes; including, even, that of the moralist. The reflections it suggests can hardly have any personal reference to tihe worse thran brutes principally concerned. There is no moral in such an awful recital against indlividulals, cgainst society, or against a nation. France hapens, by an unfortunate accident to have our of the worst monsters of the timne that is all we can say about it. They are mon sters by the lacw of their being; and the acci dent of their birth in any other state of society could have varied the circumstances of their infamy only, and not its character. The pecu liar repulsiveness of some of the details of their crime may be taken to have some connection, as of cause and effect, with the sorulid life of their caste. With the worst kind of French peasant greed is often a positive malady. His mind is so narrow that when once avarice has effected a lodgment in it, there is no rooms for any re deeming idea as to the dignity and the uses of life. FUItTlRRs PAtTICUr4An5, The unfortunate woman, having fallen into a second childhood, had become irksome to her children, and they could not utilise her in any rway she, as one of them saidl, not having as muech strength and intelligence left as would ernable her to weed the garden. An attempt was made bIy passing her off as a mad woman to get her into the lunatic asylum at Blois; but the doctor on ascertaining that she was merely in her dotage, refusead to take her in. From the day .he did so, she was cruelly treated, and the moment the neigh bours heard of her death they suspected her children. The cause of her deati, the sondin-iaw stated In' the nmayoralty, whero with her eons he went to declare it, was her having, when all the family were en gaged in the fields, fallen into the fire, where her body was found in charred, state. This declaration was made after nightfall. The mayor ordered an inquiry. A gendarme was sent to make a report on the state of the body. Ie found the corbonteed remains on the hearth. The head alone was not burned up. According to the grndarms the.legoa stood out from the rest of the body like a piher of bleck crutches, and the right aren, which was parched up and twisted, was fonedhback around the neck, just like thenlegof atrussed fowl, The giendarme ferther observcit that the differont members of the family contradicted each other acd appeared ill at cnse, bhut neither horrifed or grieved at tho sunferungs the poor old womare must have on being hard pressed accused each other. They were arrested, and the evidence of the old woman's gandchild, so intelligent little gir of a ght justod the mayor in ordering them to be locked up at the fetchdi. The grandchild stateul that as they were all at dinner in the evening her mo ther said - " We muist get rid of the hag." The child's uncle Alexansder, who had arrived in the daytime from tho place where he lived, some miles off, then rushed to the bed where the old woman was, and seining her by the feet, dragged her towards law, and sister had piled op on the cottage hoarth. The old woman cried and screamed, little brothers confirmed what the girl asia. They were all so frightened they crept into the bottom of a preas, and remained crouching there while the old woman was burned. The children also told how, when she was on the floor, petro learn was poured on her clothes, and that she was then pnshed over with a long hay rake to the fire. The traces of mineral oil on her night cap bore out what the grandchildren saw. Cupidity was the motive which urged on the four peasants to commit this crime. They wanted to get hold of about £40 which she had saved, and not to be at the cost of feeding her. It appears also that the sons of the widow Lebon were afraid their sister would get hold of the sum if their mother died a natural death, and that as they both lived in a distant village of the Sologne, they agreed to prevent that bya amurder, the idea of which the sister acceded.to at once. The theory of the defence was tihat they burned the old woman because they thought her a witchl In the Sologne, witches, ghosts, and goblins are still believed in. The widow Leben in youth, had had red hair and squinted, so that she was un lucky, and to have an evil eye. She had, when loft a widow,' to emigrate to Blois to avoid the contumely attached to her in her village as a sorceress, and was supposed to have caused cows .to run dry and pigs to be attacked with mensels. One of the sons admitted that he not only helped to carry his mother to the fire, but trampled on her chest to hold her well in it. Alexander the most humane of the lot, but a weak-minded, superstitions fellow, said that he houl come on the day of the crime to his sister's house to see his mother entirely from a sense of duty, becuse he heard that shelo was ill, and that when he was smoking a cigar in the garden of his brother-in-law, he was told how she was toub burned he became too sick and miserable to eat any dinner. The following dialogue was held between him and the presiding judge: Judge: What took place when you sat down to table ? Answer : My sister shut the outer door, and said, "You just sttia there. We must burn the old witch; if you don't help, we shall-burn you." She 'and her hIsabanl who held a knife in his hand, then rose amn pushed me towards the bed. ('Here the accused wept bitterly). The Judge: And you helped to carry your mother to the tire made ready for her? Answer: I did not know, I was so frightened, what I was doing. Judge: Why did you not break the window and call out" Murder." An swor: MIy brother-in-law held lp ai knife before me, and told me that he would settle me if I hung back. Judgo: Apt I to understand that your brother-in-law did slothingels hbut menace you? Answer: No, it wvas he who lighted the lire and made ready tha'wisp of straw which was to act as a match. He also, when the old woman writhed and twisted, got a rake to hold her in the fire. He was carried away by his excite ment to do this. 31y doter criedl out, "y11 poor husband, you or aa lost man I You should have let the others do the work, and not have act or partiin it yourself." Jtdge: What did he say? All right, don't be uteasy." 