THE GOLDEN' HOPE.' A ROM&NCE; OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream that wau not all a dresm.' BY W. Ct.Aax RUsMELL. CaaPTEr XX.-& FOK'sLC DrsCSoosso. They had no sooner left the cabin than a head with a grime pale face on it and disor* daered hair and reddish eyelashes popped out of a spare bank on the port aide, and after taking a quick glance around, was followed by the body and legs of Johnny, the ' boy.' This youth was about seventeen years old,' stnuid, but willing, and he was useful as one of the ahip's company, because though he hardly knew how to make a long splice, he could help to roll up a sail, and was a very good servant for the cabin, besides being sear viceable as a sort of cook's mate. He had ' all night in' because he was kept at work all day, but feeling tired after breakfast and guessing he would not be missed for a quarter of an hour or so, he had sneaked into the spare cabin bank, that was in reality a hole in the side, such as you see in smacks, with the intention of merely restine his limbs, but had fallen fast asleep. He was awakened by the entrance of Mr. Forteecue and the two men; when. realistngihie situa tion, and the rope'e.euding that mihIt, follow his detection, he lay hbreathles, lie. tening to all that was said. When the mate left the cabin and Hiram entered his berth, Johnny tumbled out of his bunk and went to see after the cabin dinner. The cook was a man named Micky Anion, a fat ignorant person irritatle like moot sea cooks, Hie temper aboard the Golden Hope had not been improved by the smallness of the galley, the want of elbowroom, and the wild and lively motion of the schooner daring the bad weather, when on one occasion he had been washed out of the caboose hby a set. and when be had been sev-r-r times scalded by cansized saucepans. Whether, but for the cook's temper, Johnny would ever have repeated a word of what he had heard in the cabin, cannot be imagined; but on being angrily assailed by Anson for 'lnafing' and neglecting to do his ' bit' and the like the lad eaid, ' Micky s'elp me as I stand, I'd been here if it warn't for a ghost etory. I heerd it in thecabin. I'd laid down in the spare bank. an' I fell asleep and was woke up by the ole man and the mats and the parson comin' below; the parson he tarne. to and give'ema yarn about a koasc. Micky, e'elp me, it war enough to make a man's hair feel as it it wur stiff with fat. He war a long while ?arnin', and then they cleared out and aft! come' S esayin.g, he sein.t hold of some plates that were to he cleanes and hegan to make a mighty rattle with them in a metal pall utll of w.t. ' Ah,' cried the cook, 'of course yon was lavin' down. You're always a lacin' down. It's gutter jumpers arrer your pattern as are makin' sailors the laughing'stock of the world. Good mind to round on ye to the ole man,' he exclaimed, opening the oven door to scowl at a meat pie. ' It's your thick skin what makes you insensible to nautical feelings, and you'll never feel like a seafarint man till that there skin has b-en thinned by a course of ridin' down. Ghosts! If there was e'er a thing of the kind in this schooner, damme if I wouldn't be at the cost of making him a preset of the sharpest fork on that shelf there on the nndersthndin' that he hann'ed ye about with it and kept all on j tbbing of you till I told him to stop.' ' Micky,' cried the Is4. who was now red in the f.ce with the exertion, he was putting into his task of cleaning atnd rubbing, 's'elp me if the parlonl'e yarn warn'? enough to make me wish I was home agin. Why, this wovage ain't a woyage at all. We're sailing in search of a ghost; ye should have heard the mate grant when he was told it, and th' ole man kep'ot saying. ' Well, this is a start? Tois do beat my timel' and wh.en the parson was sone the skipper aske the mate what he thinks, and the mate he save it must be all teas 'oa the parson's too pious to tella lie.' 'Wha'e a ll true? What are you jawin' about? Who' goin' to bear yea whilsa you makes that bioomil' noise?" cried the cook "whose curiosity was now exoit?d. What' all trn- ?. Why,. what thi pairse told the skioner and the mate,' reppied Johnny. ' He says there's a female shoet situated on an island in the Tindiar OOsean habllshed by spstalmcsassaest awt as anlher, and this voyage is to.fetch her.' tne Cook ti.,rished a fryingpan. whilst Johnny, cower. inug and dodging behind his uplifted arm, romred out. 'S'elp me the Lord, it'e true.. Micky. The ghost came to the parson and says, I'm on the island what Mr. Scone's'got the calculations of,' and she writ down a likeness of the island, and pretended that the parson had done it; and then the parson he sees the drawin' and likewise the ghost a-stretchin' out of her arms to him, and so he makes up his mind to go and fetch her, and here we are a-going !' The cook looked attentively at the lad, and knowing him to be too much of a fool to be capable of inventing such a story as this. exclaimed, 'Just say that over agin, will yer?' The youth did so. ' Ye moan to say that the parson told the cap'n and mate that a female ghost wrote down the likeness of an island. and informed him that she was on it, and that this voyage was meant to fetch her?' said the cook, knitting his brows and looking at Johnny with an expression in his eyes that caused the lad to respoud with astonishe ing rapidity, ' Ay, Micky, and if it ain't true, may 1- ' And be hoped that all sorts of fearful physical afflictions would emite him. ' Well,' said the cook, beginning to bustle about afresh, but in rather an abstracted manner, ' if the parson's motive be what you say it is, then this here's a woyage I for one never signed articles for. But aft with yer now; get the cloth laid,' and he made as if hewiuld lift his foot, on which the youth ran out. If sailors in those days were livelier and heartier and better seamen than they are in these, it must be owned that they were also more ignorant. Notiignorantin the sense of ' lIving,' as they termed it, for as many ,onld read and write then an can road and rtir.,nw- boa so .hnao . a- n narrttiorn.. In oor ag th prosaic mechanical sairit of the engine room has entered the seafaring calling, and in the furnaces of the steamers most of the marine spectres and beliefs have been burned up never to appear again. But in the age of the Golden Hope, Friday was still an unlucky day ; a master would risk his spars to pick up a cat that had fallen over board; the Fin, as a native of Russian Fin land was termed, was a magician in the eyes of many sailors ; and though the Flying Dutchman was mentioned on the whole with incredulity, scores of superstitione much more absurd and much less poetical prevailed in ships' forecastles and 'tween-decke where Jack swung his hammock. 'rhe cook having obtained from Johnny a most perverted ver sion of the narrative Mr. Fortescue had related to the captain and Stone, very natu rally procured its conveyance forward in a manner that was formerly observable in sea cooks-as thus : It being the captain's watch on deck,"and consequently William Breeches's watch below, for William was in the mate's watch. Breeches came to the galley for a light for his piys. - { 'William,'sars the cook, 'what was id your head, mate, when youiaigned articles for this here woyage?' .I Breeches: surveys him- leisurely, a nd answers, 'Seventy bob a month, Micky.' S"' Ay.' says the cook. ' that's right enough ; but what was the destination given ye?' 'Why,' eaid Breeches leaning in: the door- I way, and taking a look at what the watch on i deck were doing, 'a hisland in the Indian' Ocean, warn't it? I've signed on for a ghod many woyages in my time, but somehow I've never canught myself taking notice of where we're bound till we gets there.' ' What d'ye say,' exclaims the cook, ' of the parson buying this here schooner to fetch a Chost. rf the island we're bound to?' : ' Git out,' said Breeches. ' Well,' says the cook, 'it's 'Johsny's yarn;' and here he relates how the lad came to overhear the ' conversation in the cabin, exaggerating the youth's version of couree. I and embellishebing it with several original I touches. tr.ue it' 'If it's true it's blazing queer,' says Breeches. , . IAh' says the cook, 'and the more you think of it. the likelier it is. What does a I parson want to sail to a hisland in the Indian i Ocean for, that's got no name, eh? Just ask t yourself that. William. It ain't for traffick ing; there's no barterin' 'rhames ballast. I anyways; no'fear of its being for slaving and t the likes of that. Parsons are all very well; but it's s~rtin their dealings is with what ye t can't see ; and if there's to be anything what r may be called speoritool like mucked up in this wovare unbeknown to us and not down in the articles, I, for one, shall want to know s what the capt'n has to avr upon it ' Well, of course, language of this kind ended r in makilg the two fellows look at each other a_.'"Tj..? ý ý.... ".?L awet..hammnck.,' to use the ,langages the sea ; and71whenr Breeahes had smoked his pipe out and do? csended into the forecastle, it was not to ' turn in,' but to repeat what he had beard to Martin'Goldsmitts and Henry Sawyer, who eat on their chests mending their clothes, the remaining man of the watch, Joe IIall, ordinary seaman, -being in his bunk and i loudly snoring there. It was the cousom of the watches to get s~pptr together, and shortly before four hells y (6 o'clockl) the men having finished the meal were on the forecastle; for the evening was beautiful, the wind warm, and the sun de- d scending in each splendour that you w sold a have thought yourself in parallels higher than the Shetlands to have seen the bright fl tmia A an hing out of the hazy crimson vortex and y the lines of ribbed clouds robed in -gold and s orange and.pink and scarlet, with toe sky a most delicate dim green between them, and ti the sea coming with a bright copperglare upon ti it out of the west, and sweeping with the c, heavens into dark blue into the easte There never was a more peaceful pinture than the B schooner made at that hour. Steeped in the t1 flowing western glary the full bosoms of bher canvas were tinged with orange, while in the h concavities which faced the east, whence the h wind was blowing as though the fevered breath of the African desert were mingled in , the freshness and sweetness it gathered from a the ocean in itsce flight-in those concavities the shadows lar like the blue dusk of evening, a{ thue furnishing an exquisite contrast to an eye so situated as to embrace both the con. i vexities and hollows of the sails. -Tnere was nothing in sight the wide waters round. Mr e: Fortescne and Hiram were drinking tea on a deck, Stone was below. In the bows were the Is crew. sitting on the windlass end or leaning , againet the weather rail, the cook and Johnny 4, in the midst of tnem. apparently yarning or as Hiram would sometimes fancy, argoing, A when he cast hinglance forward, but speaking It low, with askant looks aft. It was the first b dog-watch, and they had the second yet to go a through before they settled down to night , duty or repose. The whole length of the g schooner was between Weeks and his men; i but if this were not enough so to subdue the tl voices of the crew as to render their words in- a audible aft, there w '. the swinging of canvas d aloft as the Goldes, lope rolled, the sounds ci of water distuarbed and moving over the side, r small straining .s'ld chaffi?'s noises, and I, besides, Captain Hiram conversed with Mr Fortescue, thnough no reference was. made 6 between them to what had passed in the cabin. It was otherwiso on the forecastle, where the baccount that had been gien to the cook by Johnny was being'gravely disonused. ' Mates.' -aid Breelhee, feeling in his trousers pocketres for a pipe, ' wIn seems to f, ne tho qucerrcn plcc or this job ij that if that there Johnny's yarn is true, it's plain lhat the copt'u and the mate didn't know anr more nor us what was the motive of this 'Thats what strikes me as the ruasintet part, too,' said Tim Duck, a s?aucy-lo'kiog. E somewhat merry.faced seaman of thirtyr. ' The parson evidently got to windward of the c old man afore sailing, and now we're a fortr night out, and, the truths told, the skipper don't know what to do.' 'If he wants adwidn' I'm game for one,' remarked the cook. 'Who says he dunno what to do?' asked Martin Goldsmith. 'Hle don't look much disturbs i. I allow his face couldn't be much longer than it is, but if there's any hinward cipsiani in a mau oe're not going to see him smiling anrd appearing heasy like Hiram there, as if he'd got the young woman he's a courting on his knee.' tDmasav it's more acting' said young J?c fRall. ' 'There's too many skippers knockis' hbout ashore, bulliea. for Hiram to turn to and say he warn t goin' to sail the scho?aner to a haunted island.' 'Johnny,' aid Breeches in a severe voice. 'd're mean to ear that the parson told the i skipper and Bill that there was a ghoah on an islead in the Indian Ocean. and that we was hoaud oat to fetchit Jnust think. You're more'n half a fool recollect, ard. afore you , jumps down Ins throat with a sotreChirg "Y-e t' at uoverhanl what miudrou've got, and see if you ain't mistook.' ' Fool or no fool,' answered the boy, ' I'll tell per, it you was to hold ne over the rail ind say ye'd let go it I answered oe to what you've asked, 'd- say yes. Dye think I can't hear? S'rlo me, as. I'm, sitting, what the praeon, soid was a ghoas wrote down a hilanI I for hiu-a female ghast--,nd bays she was on is, and she opel,,t her ares tou the unaso., and the parson he makesup his midt to go to hbg. &At;' hre, we' qe are o ic)ui. ""lsat. o01y: Ibat paiL-se - W hob 5ItWj $pptyb. I skipper, he talked of a ghost as come to a ahip's wheel and made a chap there fetch a Bible, and next day he drops down dead. [haere was notben I didn't hear, fool or no fool. William.' 'Well,' said Henr Sawyer, with an on easy glance art at the clergyman and a kind of writhe on the biatch he was sithing on, 'if Johnny ain't blundering, the look out of this woyage is the oncomfortahlest a re spectable sailor could eign for. Why, eleving 'ud he better than ghost-hnnting, damme.' 'What's a ghost like?' said the cook. 'Anybody ever see a chost?' 'Did the parson tell the capt'n what the ghost wou like ?' inquired Goldsmith. 'No,' answer-d Jhbuny. 'It wor some thing as ant its arm out' ' Well.' said Dock, ' that's what ghosts do. I've seen 'em represented in the theayter. They comes up out of the holes under the stage, and points and talks with their arms. They never speake. There's no good in sayin', as Sam did, there ain't no ghosts ; 'cause if they'd never been wisible, how could they be drawed, and how could play.hactore dress up like 'em ?' 'What I said was that no man ever yet see a ghost,' exclaimed Sam Wilks, an ordinary seaman. 'A ghost's a man's soul, and my father believed that when souls was liberated they got blowed about till they brought up, but no man ever saw a sonul Why, if it was something re could look at, every time a chap died you'd eee his soul flying away.' r'ell yer what it is, mates,' said Gold smith. * You may ear it ought to be middlin' warm in these parts, but it's blasted cold to my notion.' * Light a pipe.' naid Duck. 'Jinmmy,' acid Breohen menanin ?,itta, who was t the helm. ' taid me thin strtr Snoon that he was shtpmates with a man who knew a sailor that had murdered a young person he was keepin' company with. lHe hid the body, and sailed away; hbut the girl went with him. If he jumped aloft she was on the foretop alongside of him. If he tooJc the wheel, she'd be holding. the lee spokes. If he looked over the side he'd see her in the water. When he came home she stepped on to the quay with him, and Jimmy said that his mate told him that when tt,e man stepped over the side the young person made him take a coach and go down to where her body was, and dig it up and look at it, which he did, and then she made him take the coach back again and go to the polite and tell 'em he had murdered her ' 'COnscience is: the name of that there ghost,' said Duck. ' Conscience te blowed !' cried Breeches. ' Mean to tell me a man as can murder a yourg woman's got any conscience ?' 'L;ok here,' said the cook, "what I'm thinking of is'thie-what's thie'here woyage about!' There was a short silence. Whether.' 'continued the cook. 'ehoats is to be believes in or' to be denied of, I don't meant to take a' hbnd in searching after them. If 'Johnny 'here ain't a liar, that parson :theres gone and bognht this hooker 'spressly to find onuta hisland on which. something that came to him when he was a-bed said it lived. I for one did not sign for a job of this kind, and my opinion is that we ought I to speak to the captain, and larn from the , captain hisself what his' motives are' At this moment Stone. who had been eating his supper in .the.cahbin-the last meal on board' ship is always called sunpper, tbohgh ashore it 'would be called tea-came on deck and took. a turn or two along the gangway, first casting a glance aloft, then running his eye round the sea till he came to the sinking sun that was then a truly glorious spectacle oa flame and colour1 ineo. much'that the mere reflection of it an the sea yielded a score of shining and exquisite tints from the burning red on the horizon to the delicate amber that came sifting through the water to the schooner's side, where it I died out and left the' senon the port beam a, rich violet. This the old sailor stood gazing , at for some moments with' the sort of reverence in his f.ace that the grandeurs and beauties of nature excite in plain'. and simple minds, after which his eye was taken by the crew talkinz together on the forecastle. It was immediately evident to him that they had got under weigh with some topic of more than usual interest, and ohserving that they all looked towards himt as if they had a mind to speak, he. quietly walk-d forward with a' 1 eareleas glance at. the foretoDosil, s.if his idea was to see that all was right that way, untsal ne came to the windlaireend,' wnere he stood lightly Ilaokinr round'him.. ' Mr. Stote,' euddenly exclaimed the cook, 'could you tell nan what this ,here woyage ia nniertnk-, for?" . S'-Uiderrakan ioe I' answered Ssone, ntartlatc .y theahen-p neaa of the qoeestin,-ansd also a a lose,- inaarnta i' not re bi i thimele rris'n-i exchai,ged glances*. . ' Why, .why, d'ye .mean to ayr you don'e remember wast ?oa signed for? ' ' ' Yes,' replied the cook; ' I signed for the woyage from the part of London to a hisland in the India,, ()O:ear end back. We was to go out and retunr' i hnatlkt, and I understood at war to be a uort of pleasure cruise, a kinder yarih?'io job.' 'Loa ?' it, Micky,' exclaimed Goldsmith, who of all the mes had apparently been ren dared the most uocomfortaOle by Johnny's story. ' Well,' 'cried Stone, 'and who's said it AIN'T to be a sort of pleasure crnise, a kinder yachtin' job as.you call it, 'h? What d'ye suppose the object is- piracl ? If THAT were r it you may' reckoo we'd need more muscle than what's to be got out o' the likes of that suet,' pointi'ig to the fat arms of the cook. ''Pell ye what it is, Mr. Stone,' said e Breeches. ' We've larnt that there's some. thing soopernat'ral, as the savin' is, in the parsau'a intentions, and though I don't believe in ghosts myself, I'm not agoinu to help in any job I can'o see daylight through.' ' Ghost?' cried old Stone; ' what are you talking aboau? Who's been a jawing to you hOutGH Son iM?' 1 ' Calian' Isaniee andr insulting of people ain't , answering quetrione,' said the cook viciously. ' Will you Aeasse tel as what this ere woyage is undertaken for ? 'rhe men again noticed the disconcerted expression in the old chap's face. He glanced aft, and observing that Mr. Forteecue had 1 left the deck, motioned to Hiram, who was watching the crew: as though he had now guessed that something more than mere yarning' was keeping the fellows together. As the captain walked forward in strides as i long as a tragedian's, the eye would have 1 been taken by the lovely sea piece of that moment, the airy splendour in the west, the velvet-like blue in the east, the ocean line going round in a soft sweep of indigon tillit met the dying glory where it was reflhcted, the sails of the schooner standing brilliant as white plumage against the pure windward dusk, the little crowd of men forward where the windlass was, and where the foremast rose yellow, with its black shrouds and snorw. like cloths, to the golden shining; and the eand.coloure4 deck aft tenanted by 8a solitary ;irnee at the tiller. W hat's the matter?' said Hiram, 'Why,' responded Stone, 'here's Bill Breeches aikia if there ain't something soopernatartl in this woyage; talkin' about •hists and the likes of such stuff; and here's Micky Aneon inquirin' what it 1. he signed ' Iknow whateI siuid for, csptir,' answered the nook, ' and I likewise know what c didn't nIg'n fur.' 'L3ok here,' interrupted Hiram; ' what's the ,na.tterl 'an.twhatt want ao know.' t Wsell.'tlyev what'n the manter" 'espoadsd ?t B'eeches; 'you an' the parson an' Mr Stoeae here had a private conversation in thu cabin at noon.' ' Well!' thundered Hiram. ' Well,' continued Breeches, easing down his defiant manner a hit, in the teeth of the skipper's resolute frowning stare, 'we onder stand that the paerson gave youn a varsion of his reason in buyrin' thie weasel and sailing of her to the Hindie Ocean that was as unbeknown to you and Mr. Stoneas it was toe s' ' aVel: !' sh3nted Hiram. ' WVll,' proceededa Breeches, 'what we are informed i that.a ghost appeared to the parson and wrote down a hiasland and said shie was upon it and she egEued of him to come by hopening her arms out to him, and ,hat's why he bought the schooner, I tell yer.' said the man, waxing defiant aain. asd seeking encouragement in the lookes.of the men aronad him. ' that I.don't believe in ghostse; I don't know ao'hen aboot"em. and don't want to; but we're agreed that parsons are people as may get hold ?' notions which plai'saeilora would rathen not help 'emr to cawy out, d'yesee, capth'a5 and it so he Hiram and Stone had bnen at?lin at each other. Tae former at thia unniyelled outn:: ' Who told you that we had a privatu con' verbatnion in tlea calin?' T'he cook said, '.ohnny.' ham stretched forth his long arm asad collared the ayouth, with fingere like steel h oks *'-ow di, yer know we had a private o anveratiln in the cabin ' he roared. T?n ld.t kntaese knoo'ed each other as he reulied: ' tL was a bit tired and I taruned into thit, aarse bai.k. an' when you as' the parson le thit srate core down, Ir lag ati-llnot 'choosin'-bein'" afeard-hi ! hi ll' It war bound to come, and for a lung minuteJQhnny was cutting wild capers to, and raising boie terous shoots over, a.reoular downright old fashioned ropesaending all of the olden time. The crew accepting this as a matter of course, waited with impatience for Hiram to recover his breath. The first words he said were: Breeches, you're an old fool,' 'What u'ye call me that for?' criedthe man. 'Oat of politeness, you old ecaramonch. Why, if was to give ye all the names you deserve, you'd have more titles than the Emperor of Chaney. To think of a man of your ao e talken' about rhoste? Why, what do you callyourself ? A SIA I' 'Woat's this lhere woyage about?' de manded the cook. 'About!' exclaimed Hiram. with extra ordinary scorn, 'about ?' Taink of a cook a ?oK--aeking nautical questions and ex recting answers s! Look here, my lads, and let Breecnes and Micky listen to me. The WVerulatt was a Heast Indieman; she was burnt in the Hindiau Ocean ;there was alady aboard of her as Mr. Forteecue was to marry.. He dreamt that the weaeol was burnt, and that the lady who was in one of the boats reached an island that Mr. Stone here was cast away upon He disbelieved his dream. till he heard that the ship had been burnt; and then when he comes to larn that the island he dreamt about was a real place and. that Stone knew it, hesaye to hi?melf, " This here wiaion may have come from- Heaven. Who known since what I dreamt was trae that the lady I see in my dream upon this island mayn't hactually be there ? I love her; she was to have beer, my wilfe; I'll spend what money I've got in a schooner and mit to thin here inttd, nd IL'tl torust to Almighty iGod. it ro be my dseam'u corect. thah we hb n't be toolate to preserve her lite.": Mr Slaids, what's onreasonable in this ?' l'he crimson gloom that was now upon the sea and ekr was a good liyht to study the faces of the men in as they listened to Hiram for it deepened every line and added another' shade to tihe bronze on the cheek, though ig had its millowine influence, too, specially noticeable in old Stone's face, whose. earnest ness was softened into pathos by it. ' rhere are husbands amon ye, Idaresay,' continued Hiram, ' and some I doubt not has sweethearts; besides, ye're allt English; ay,_ even Micky Anson's English, and if there's any man here as considers Mr. Fortesuene's de tarmination te see if the end of his dream ain't as true as the'beginning proved to be-if there's any man here as can seee anythioi soopernatural and notonderetandable in the reoten seekis' of his love, where he believes her to be cast away, then all I can say is, he most be the onnaturalist character and the worst ecowbanker as ever signed articles for a lovely ship and a beautiful woyage.' SThus speaking he ran his eyes over the men with a ctallenge stare at each.. Then ye mean to say,' observed Breeches, Sthat what Johnny took and brought for ward'salie !' ' Yes-a lie as big as hee i; a lie as big eas yon and him and the cook is,' cried Stone. ' What's your idea of the clergyman's hintel lect that you should rupoose he's capiable .of goin' a ghost hnntin' ? D'ye sueppose that .am educated man like him, a man that Sunday after Suntday teaches folks with'ten times more brains than you, thinks that they don3t know notheu about-d'ye imagine he's to be. set right by the likes of you ?' .' Tere was nothing mentioned about our seekin' the island for the purpose of takin" the parson's young woman off it, exclaimed Dock.; ' there was nothing said about it it the articles too en atcomns.) 