2 T H E GAVEROCKS. s A TALE OF THE CORNISH COAST. [By the Author of " J olin Herring," "Mehalah," "Court Koyal," CHAPTER L. AS ArPARITIOX. Squire Gaverock, Gerans, and Rose were in the room called the study, in which, however, so study was ever undertaken. They -were all dressed ia deep mourning. Mrs. <Javt rock was dead and had that day been *»ned. A rt»k® had fallen oa her shortly after the departure of Loveday, which had greatly affected her. and this was followed by another, from which she did not rally. Her departure had been without pun. she had faded away in sleep. How far the Squire had felt hiB wife's loss none could say. He was not accustomed to eho v his emotion ; it is possible that he did not feel much, •It is, taken all in all," said he, "a happy release. She wasn't good for much of late, and no comfort to herself, let alone others. As for the maidens, ehe'd lost every mite of control over them. I do not know how it is with others ; but for my part, I'd be shot or drowned rather than die soaking in bed, dying by inches. But," he added, philosophically, "tastes differ, and there is no accounting for them." On this occasion he had a bundle of banknotes before hion, and a paper. "Here," said the Squire, "you sec what your mother's will was, Gerans. She had her money tied up to her; not much, but something, from eighty to a hundred a year, in tbe Three per Cents., and one or two other little matters. You see she had left everything to Constantine, but as he ia deid she revoked, and by a codicil left all for life to Loveday; and I was to dispose of some shares she had in the Bridgewater Canal at once, and pay over the proceeds to Loveday for her immediate necessities. Here is the money, but where is Loveday ? She executed a deed of attorney ju6t before the second lit she had to enable the sale at once, and so it was effected before Bhe died, but I have only got the money to-day. Now it is at Loveday's disposal, if I could had her. All the rest of your mother's money—that is, the money in Consols—will come to you after Loveday's death. It won't go oat of the family. I have nothing against what your mother did. Constantine made an ass of himself, and you must suffer. Eighty pounds a year would have been something to you; but, after all, you are well off, more comfortable than ever I was with your mother. She, when squeezed as tight as you could, was net worth quite a hundred, and Rose is * worth four without squeezing." "Dennis—I mean Mr. Penhalligan," said Bose, "has gone to Exeter to make enquiries. She has not written, and nothing has been beard concerning her. When he reached Launceston he could learn no news; she had spent the night at the King's Arms and gone on by coach next day, but by which coach and whither no one had noticed." " How did you hear that?" asked GeranB. *' Mr. Penhalligan wrote to me," she xeplied, colouring. "He knew I was very anxious, and promised to send me news the first opportunity." Gerans nodded. He was not surprised nor suspicious. Nothing more natural than that Hose should desire tidings of her friend and sister-in-law, nothing more proper than that Dennis should report progress. "My old friend, Ennoder Hocking," said the Squire, "when he was dying was asked whether he would prefer to be buried in the old churchyard or in the new cemetery, and he replied that he ™ u l d c e ^ new ground,, because it lay on gravel and was Wealthier, whereas the old graveyard was on elay, ana a "rheumaticky place." As for myself, I don't care a farthing where I am buried, but I do care how I die. Bless my soul 1 what inconvenience and expense there is in a deathbed, and how quick and economical is an accident; no long drawn-out sickness for me, if I may have my choice. .But this is neither here nor there, only this I will say, Constantine showed his good sense ' and good taste in going out of this world in the way he did. No nursing, no doctor's bill, no funeral expenses. I hope it will be the same with myself." Hose uttered a cry of terror. She was seated facing the window, and she saw a pale face looking in. The others, startled, turned in the same direction, but observed nothing; they asked her what was the occasion of her alarm. "I thought—I thought!" she said,in trepidation, " that I saw Gerans out there looking deathly white. He looked in through the windowglaes and fixed hiB eyes on me." '.'That," said Gerans, "is impossible, for bere £ am in the flesh and in the solid, not Tery pallid, but freeh in colour." Even as he spoke the door behind him opened, and framed in the entrance stood Constantine, so like Gerans, but paler, that all who saw him were silent, startled, not knowing what to think—whether they had before them the ghost of Constantine or the "double" of Gerans. w " Well!" exclaimed uonstantine, " what Sbhsoc are you all staring at me for in that mazed manner? Do you take me for a spectre? Mot impossible, you have been eager enough to Teckon me amoog the dead, not au effort did you make to discover whether I were alive. Don't you know me again, father; or bas disappointment taken the breath out of your lungs? Gerans, here I am to trouble s yon again." wcbsbdtg " Good heavens!" exclaimed Gerans, springing up and rushing to his brother with open [arms. " Constantine, old fellow ! Is this really you? Oh, my God! how glad I am." He clasped his hand aud shook it, then caught his brother in his arms, and bugged him. " I am rejoiced ! Whoever would have expected this!" What, Constantine thrown up the sea,?" exclaimed the Squire. " Humph ! come forward, and let me have a look at you." Rose gazed on the restored brother with amazement, fle was extraordinarily like her husband. Of late Gerans had lost much of his cheerfulness, and this brought him into closer resemblroce to the pale, depressed man who stood before them. " So you are Constantine," said old G ivcrock, without manifesting any exuberant delight at the recognition. "Always too late for everything. Look here." He spread out the bank-notes on the table. " Here are four hundred pounds, the proceeds of the sale of the Bridgewater Canal shares; but they are not for you. There are two thousand six hundred in the Three per Cents., but they are not for you. Just returned too late for . the plunder." j " What do you mean, father ?" asked Constantine, whilst his eyes rested eagerly, greedily on the money. . " 1 mean this, that your mother is no more. 1 And as you chose to keep away and shatn dead, she has left her money to Loveday instead. And now we do not know what has become of her. Yon do not, I suppose ?" " I—how should I know ?" j His father looked at him from head to foot. ; He had been in his boat for some time rowing, ^ had not been able to get much to eat, had been wet and exhausted, and had no appearance of prosperity about him. ! "Do you see this?" asked old Gaverock. " Four hundred pounds in notes, and some small gold and silver over. You don't look to me as if you had had the handling of this sort of thing where you have been." j "No," laughed Constantine, contemptuously. "Where I have been I have not fingered much money." "I can believe that," said Gaverock; and .he put the notes away in a pocketbook and the coin in a purse, thrust, them into his library table drawer, locked it, and put the key in his pocket. "But this might have been yours had you not been hiding and made us believe you were dead. Now, your best way is to find your wife, and aek her to provide you with a shilling or two for clean linen." "Con," said Gerans, "look at Rose. She is my wife now, and ycur sister-in-law." Constantine held out his hand, but Rose accepted it without alacrity. His close xesemblance to her husband was strange to her. "You have come from a distance," she said. "You are hungry and tired. I will hasten supper." " Ah!" said he, " do so.. I have not eaten anything since early morning." " Sit down," said Hender Gaverock, pointngto a chair on the other side of the table. "Whence come you? From the bottom of the eea? The last I saw of youW&B; on the keel of the Mermaid, when a sea went over her. What have you been doing with yourself all this time ?" Constantine shrugged Ms shoulders. "One thing to-day, something else to-morrow— whatever offered." " Why did you not go bick to Nankivel; why did you not communicate with UB?" "Nankivel! I had had enough of a lawyer's office. I did not write, because I bad no pleasant news to tell." "That you have not done well is no wonder to me. You are not the man to make a fortune." " I'm not an eldest son, born with a gold spoon in his mouth, who gets the property and the heiress." His father brought his fast down on the table. " Whose fault iR it that you did not tret the heiress, Con? Your own—you married a ^Father," interposed Gerans. " What is the advantage of going back to the past. Con is here, alive, that suffices. He is welcome, and we are rejoiced to see him, if he is unlucky, home is the p!a;e for him, where his best friends will endeavour to comfort him. If he had been fortunate, we should have rrjoiced. Whether he returns to uj pryrvctvw or unfortunate ie liU; r ^•.v.i.n., Ioa$ as we have him again, risen from the dead. 1 ' "I want to know," said the old man, rapping on the table again, *' I want to know what he has been about all this while ? It ia getting on for two years since he disappeared. What has he been about? Where has he been hiding?" „ , "I telt you," answered Constantme, sullenly, " I have been in various places, trying my hand at various things. If I was picked up by an outward-bound vessel for the West Indies r— and went there and have now come enough f ™ 8un of the West Indies," said old /"-vcrnok ^ T f a ^ know nothing about the ££ y0u suppose that one can return ' - - - 3 • 1 — • ^ — -> =— , . h,pn„h ,ace- oeaiueo J wave Z 0 bleaah rue Iace ' can see that." said Gerans. "Do not be unkind to him, father. Poor Con has been ill, and has suffered. Why, the father in the parable ran to meet his son when lie returned, and he was u prodigal. Con has not been that, and yoa are scarcely gracious to him." " Do not you meddle," said old Gaverock, angrily. " I know what I am abour. It is not for the yellow beaks to instruct the parent birds. I must (know all about you, Constantine, before I receive you cordially. The prodigal returned with a confession, and therefore was taken to his father's heart. You come back with evasion and equivocation; therefore I hold you at a distance, with the table between us." He continued rappiDg angrily on the board. His temper was rising. He stood up and paced the room with his usual huge strides, and with his hands in his pockets. Constantino's eyes followed him. Dusk had set in, and it was becoming dark in the room. " First of all, you married without my leave, and left me ia ignorance of the circumstance: then you were washed off the keel of the Mermaid, when I, the older by more than double your years, held on. Then you let us ' suppose you were dead ; and so your mother has left her money away to Loveday, for her , own irresponsible, private, and independent ' use. Then you come home, without a profession, without money, and, of course, want j j to be helped on to your feet." t Constantine looked askance at his father. " Yes," he said, " I do want help. I have i made up my mind to settle in the West ' Indies. I will have a sugar plantation there, and negroes to work for me; but land and slaves are not to be had for nothing. I have come bome to ask you to assiet me, and then I will trouble you no more." "Loveday is your wife. She has £400. You must settle matters with her. I suppose you intend to take her with you?' " You tell me that Loveday is lost." " Yes, but she will be found. Her brother is gone in search of her. People do not get lost for long in England." "I do not intend to take her out with me at first, till I have my estate and house; after that, I will write, or return for her." " Well, you must settle matters with her. I can give you nothing." " I cannot wait till she is found. I have to be off in a few days. I do not wish to meet Dennis Penhalligan." " Why not ? Are you a coward ?" "I do not wish to quarrel with him. We nigh came to blows before, and we are sure to come to an angry encounter now if we meet. He is my brother-in-law, and I do not want to hurt him. In a little while all will and^y be right. negr^T^d I shall have be my a Vriv^ sugar plantation a goo/ hon« ej Lo veday will be with me; and then Dennis may come out and doctor my blacks, if he cannot succeed with white people here. He is inclined to be my enemy now because I am down. But when I am up he will be amiable enough. No, I will not meet him. Why should you not give me the money, father? Loveday is sure to approve." "But supposing she does not, then I shall have to make it up to her. No, no." " Then let me have £500 to start with. I am your*son,"and^ you are bound to provide j for me." " Did I not pay a premium to Nankivel for you? Who forfeited that? I have no money to advance. I am always out of pocket. I can't sell without Gerans's consent, and if he consented i would not do it—not reduce the property for you." "Why not? I am your son. Why is Gerans to have everything and I nothing ?". " It is your own fault it you have nothing. Yon were put in a lawyer's office, and on the road to a livelihood, and that opportunity you threw away. I had an heiress for you worth £500 per annum, and you married Loveday on the sly, and threw that chance away. You were your mother's favourite son and heir to all her money, and you let her suppose you were dead, and so you have lost her money, which has gone to Loveday. Now you are dependent on your wife. Find her, and get her to advance you the £500. I ill tell you what I think, Constantine. ome men are like skittles, set up to be owled over. You may set them up a undred times, and they go over on thtir ides a hundred and cue times. You are one f these. You have no independence of haracter, no manliness of heart." "That is the fatheriv reception I get." neered Constantine. "Because I reurn ith empty pcckets I am unwelcome, had I ome back with a full purse I should have een made much of. 1 am not the prodigal on of the Gospel who returns snuilling and eseeching forgiveness. I came bick to emand my rights, and, by God! I will have hem ; ai^i, what is more, you'll be e?.ger to give me tne money to get me oil." Old Gaverock went hastily out of the room ; he .was so angry that he feared an expU)ti° D « and he had sufficient seaoe to avoid that on the night of hia lost son's return. *• Vou must not speak to father in tint maimer, Con," cautioned Gerans. "He is unaccustomed to it, and cannot bear it." " Pshaw exclaimed Constantine, " lis will hace to opeu his eyes wide before long to what I say, unless" he went to the locked drawer where the money was, "unless he furnishce me with this." i : ; j 