SOCIAL, THESTKDDAli, AND SPOBTIN& [From our SpetiaLCorrespondentJ London. January 11. 1887. The main object of the 'maahing- earl' in: visiting Australia and New Zealand is not, I am told, to ensnare witihiis manly beauty, the young affections of a wealthy squatter's daughter, butr-mark the mag* nitudeof the enterprise — to go a whaling* Lord Cairns must above all tbinss be unique. To do as other men do is his Abhorrence. He scorns lions, tigers, bison, and such small. ^game. When his lordBhip hunts it will be the mighty leviathan of all — the whale. Cetaceans are reputed to be, as the song says, 'all very fine And large' off the coast, of New Guinea, and thither' After 'doing the colonies' the noble lord will, it is said, make Ms way. Lady Colin Campbell is very wroth over the reports in the. papers about hex ' going on the stage,' winging at. music halls, Ac. Her ladyship quite overlooks tiie fact that she provokes them by forcing herself so continually -en-evidence. One day we read of 'Lady Colin Camp bell performing at an East-End charity,' the next that '* Lady Colin Campbell Bang hymns at Limehouse the previous even U3g,' and the next that Lady Colin Campbell was ' the cynosure of all eyes' at the private view of ihe Grosvenor Gal lery Exhibition. 'Cynosure of all eyes' is after all a very mild way of describing the way her ladyship was mobbed at the Grosvenor. Most women would have fled (at least I hope so) from such an ordeaL Lady Colin endured, if she didn't enjoy it, with the utmost composure. Her ladyship was, I am told, beautifully dressed and wore two diamond ear- rings (single drops) that must have cost some body a pretty penny. Mrs. Conover, the sprightly lessee of the Olympic Theatre, alarmed by the rumor that Lady Colin Campbell meant to become an actress, has sent around an epistle which will raise a pretty to do should any of the Bloods happen to hear of it. Mrs. C. protests against the stage becoming the happy hunting- ground of ladies who have committed social suicide, and suggests that professional actresses who respect themselves should refuse Jk- associate in Any shape or form with such female outlaws. (N.B. —'Female outlaws' is distinctly good.) The death of Serjeant Ballantine re calls the sensation which the announce ment some years back that he was going to publish a volume of reminiscences created. There never was a man more 'behind the scenes' of tile London criminal, social, and theatrical worlds than the Serjeant. When he chose to talk he could tell the most extraordinary stories, especially in connection with cer tain causes cdebre$- and. expectation naturally ran high with; regard to his autobiography. But the book proved' a disappointment in many Tespecta. It was interesting in a vapid sort of way, and (a* was inevitable) had a. gigmtic sale, but to those who knew what the Serjeant was capable of it seemed watery sort of stuff, According : to reportr he bis left behind, him material for a work of a vastly more entertaining, kiad^. though whether it will b& thought polioy ta publish the whole at present remains to be seen. In his 'Reminiscences'' the serjeantwasconspicnQUBly.refcicentaBtohia relations with the notorious.' Claimant.?' /A- large portion- of the.- ^i^nyrwnd^ he leaves have, I hear, reference to the Tichborne case, and also to two famous criminal trials in which he. was concerned. The late Anthony Trollope had a great belief in Ballantine as an advocate, and introduced him into several of his novels as 'Mr. Chaffunbraw.' He figures pro minently in 'Orley Farm,' if I re member rightly. The financial success of Ballantine'a first book induced him to publish another, describing a lecturing tour he took in the United States. It was a sad falling-off even from the ' Remi niscences ;' but he had lived hard, and for the last few years of his life suffered much. The most notable feature of the 'Era ' Almanac, published on Monday last, is a series of autograph letters (executed in fac-simile) fromfamous actors and actresses in answer to the editor's (Mr. Ledger's) question, ' What is tke most striking incident in your professional experience?' The Daily News quotes as follows some of the many interesting answers : — Mr* Irviog, whose humor it is to take the question in a matter-of-fact fashion, replies that the most striking incident he can remember was when 'the alote,' in **Faust,' 'struck him on the breast instead of carrying him up into the flies.' Mrs. Bancroft is reminded of how once she hurriedly directed a cabman to drive her down to 'The Prince of Wales's,' and being preoccupied and Anxious about a new piece then in rehearsal, never observed the route he was taking till she was deposited at thedoors of Marlborough House. Mr. Pinero, who dignifies all. . his abstract nouns with capital' initial letters, is fain to remember that he played' Salarino in ' The Merchant of Vfenice,' 'one of the most wretchedly depressing parts injfoe drama,' on 250 consecutive nights at the Lyceum Theatre. ' I addt' he continues, ' withPride that I aetedthe partwith-theBame Earnestness, Absorption, and Zeal on. the last as on the first night. Ail my intervening, perfor mances, however, were extremely care less.' Mr. Tenciss deseribes^-or ratiier assures us that he cannot describe — his feeliogs when one night while he was playing Laertes at the. iyceum he found himself, In some strange fit of abstraction, going out for a strolf in walking attire wholly oblivious -o£ the. fact that Laertes was wanted in the third scene just then commencing. The result of the catastrophe was that probably 'for the first time on any «tage' there was no Laertes to take part in the scene between Polonius and Ophelia, much to the sur prise of Mr. Howe and Miss Terry, and no doubt to that of the audience also. Miss Amy JJoselle'a anecdote relates to the mournful incident of the seksure of Mr. George Boney with' paralysis while he was playing his famous part of Ecdes . in 'Caste' at the Prince of Wales's. Miss Boselle, who relates the circum stances with a true, pathetic touch, was enacting the part of the heroine on the occasion. Mr. Alexander's story is oneof sudden darkness descending on stage and auditory by the extinction of lights at a jnost unfortunate mfuw^nt. ; while Mr. Bancroft, whoj like- Mr. Irving, is found in a prosaic mood, is reminded of being once struck on the head by the act drop at the Devonport Theatre, Mr. Gros smith follows with a tale of a sudden descent through a '* trap' while he was playing in 'The Sorcerer/' And Mr. Toole sends quite a little professional romance extendingto three .closely written pages.; These specimens must suffice of the 'striking incidents 'which receive further contributions from - Mr. Dibn Boucicault, Miss Marie Saker, Mr. Henry Neville, Miss Genevieve Ward, Mr Edward CJompton, Mi»Kate Rorke, and,: Mr. Edward Terry. ' The Pickpocket1' has reached the end of its tether at the Globe Theatea^and will be replaced next Saturday with a piece called 'The. Lodgers,' by Bxondon Thomas. On the same evening Mr. H. A, Jones's four actplayj 'HardHiV will follow 'Jim the Penman' at the Haymarket. The circuses at Covent Garden, Hengler's, and. Sanger's are : suffering seriously from the competition at' Olympis' of the Paris Hippodrome;. * ' Olympia' accommodates 9,000 persons easily, and isxrammed twice rdailys so you can, gaees the sort of bushiess they are doing. Even Drury-lane feels the «Sect. Tickets are- fat more easily obtainable than they were last year and the year, before. Notwithstanding, poor Archer's heavy losses last season I heat his personalty has been proved at over £200^009^ the bulk of which will go to his Httle daughter. The period of tiie champion jockey's death wAsparticularly unlucsf; for Charles Archer and anotfiar relative. ? When Fred made the wHl that is being acted on Charles Archer was very well off, conse quently: it seemed ' unnecessary to make . him a heavy legatee. Subsequehtb/, how ever, he got into trouble with the Jockey Club, lost Lord Ellesmere'a horses, and generally came down in the world: Fred . of course knew this,.and only a few days.: before his death had announced his in tention of altering his wilL in Charles's favor. The instructions had even been given to a solicitor, send the new wifl was being endorsed when poor Fred fell ill. There is no winter betting on the Derby nowadays, not a wagerhas beenlaid since Christmas, nor is any real business likely to be done till towards April. It seems . strange to read of the leviathan wagers kid in the old days twelve months before the race. Why, at Ascot in 1866 (so says an old file of Sett's Life I came across the other day) after Hermit and The Palmer (both two-year-olds) had won the Biennial and Maiden Plate respectively, Six Joseph Hawley laid Mr. Chaplin abet of £20,000 even on his colt v. Hermit for the Derby of the followingyear. When the event ful day came The Palmer stood at 6 to 1 in the betting and Hermit at 66 to 1. Nevertheless, as we all know, Hermit won, to the intense ^chagrin of Sir Joseph, who had not hedged a penny. 4 The Prince of Wales has asked for and has been presented with the spurs which poor Archer habitually used. Dr. Engel, the musical critic of the World, furnishes, some particulars of the new opera at the Savoy, the final re hearEak for which are now progressing. There is no overture. Perhaps there will be, though. That the piece is in reality a caricature on the old-fashioned melo drama) with the virtuous peasant-girl, the wicked baronet, &c;, you may take for granted. I am not allowed to say what the surprise will be, but I will tell you that the wicked baronet lias to be wicked in consequence of a curse which compels him to commit a crime every day or — to die. Now, Grossmith, the mild baronet, refuses the title under such conditions, and hides himself, leaving Barrington to | commit the obligatory crimes. He is, how ] ever, compelled to take his place, and there { isascenebetweenhimandthegalleryofhi3 ! ancestors, which is one of the most ! original effects known on the stage. The 1 predominant color ^-f the music is the old I English ; for instance, the first opening chorus of the bridesmaids in gavotte time (E flat), andthe sailors' song d la Dibdin. Then come a hornpipe and a madrigal, a sweetiy pretty thing most tastefully in vented, with a chaste And graceful accom paniment. Mr. Grossmitii's second song and the -end of the two finales belong to that Bame description. The score con tains, moreover, a graceful song in waltz time for soprano (Leonora Br«ham)i a dramatic legend for contralto, a most extiaordmaryandhighly amusing; patter trio, a very clever double choruft. (you know Sullivan's favorite device -of uniting two distmct subjects^- ar, very: tender little d«et, a real gem, for contralto and baritone, various: airs and duets; altogether no fewer. than 24 numb.fcr8v One of the principal numbers, tlie principal, in my -humble opinion, . is - ' the ghost scene above alluded to, serious, ; solid,* the treatment of the orchestra and chorus producing . a most weird And ; solemn effect. I wish to mention a «ongv in three versesj orchestrated in three different ways to give emphasis to ihe words in a most vivid manner. What wffi' fetch' the public is a duet in the second Act between Miss- Jessie Bond and Mr. Barrington, which yon must near to appreciate it, because to describe its: quaintness [is not easy. But if there is much serious music and more counter point than you would look for in a comic opera, there is much of a rollicking character, apparently written in the exuberance of high spirits. Now you want to know which is the air Tommy protests against. This he has confided to me in strict privacy, and I have shaken paws on keeping the secret, so you must excuse me. 