WHISPERS AT THE WINGS- Br "Q." Tiie big event on the week's amusement card was, of course, the oroduction of "Priu- cess Ida " at the Princess Theatre, on Satur day flight. In every nook and corner the house was crannned ; everybody who is any body was there; and the Governor, Lord Car- rington and myself were conspicuous natrons. Both in music and libretto the opera is about the weakest thing the twins have given us. The latter is liearier and less whimsical than Gilbert lias accustomed us to, and the music of AS.S. — who, it must be remembered, was ill when be was hurrying up the score — is in style and rhythm not far from being a rechauffe of 4 'The Sorcerer H and "Patience." In two things Gilbert has made a departure. Hitherto he luts been awfully severe about UU lines be ing strictly (iroper ; now we have the i»oram- bulator, mathematical and winking itouitR, which are a trifle spicy. Then again lie would not have girls iu tights ; now we have a buxom army of Amazons in full lengths. But, bless yon 1 it's all right; nothing wrong. One Ihiug, there is picturesqueucss 'n the piece, and the management have certainly mounted it in a m est complete manner. The settings arc shimmering and sunshiny, and the dresses possess the requisite contrast of the silvery and the sombre. Take it all round, I don't think we have ever had anything iu tbc comic line more attractively find amply staged than " Princess Ida but for alt that, I liavc a conviction that it will be leas popular, and have a shorter run than almost any of the Gilbert- Sullivan cycle. Mark my words. The scenic artists, the mechanists and the cos tumiers liavc done their work adnutably, and the stage manager has to be complimented for the precision with which Uis crowds perform their evolutions. I aui not enamoured of the the cast, however, and cannot rush into ecstasies over the uewchums. The brightest, bonniest, and best of the whole team is Mies Aggie Keltoo, who appears in a subordinate part of Lady Psyche, but she is a cheery, chirping,, capricious liule thing, who dis tinctly nestled -herself in the hearts of the audience. Sir Leuinane, the Halarion of ; tne piece, sings and acts with we, ' but there is something of the muffled business about his voice, and not a little of the pump- liandle about bis acting. Just you watch how be throws that right arm of his up and down. Mr. W. JClton mad an amusing King Gama ; bat he can't Bing >a?ter songs. There's nothing to' be said against Mr H. Vernon's y.'». nim.lkmiul and kfpn rijnlmm Grundy and Brennir are sufficiently robust as the three warrior scions of the house of Gama. I've mentioned Mm Kelton; and now I may say that graduating as she has in the only real and original school, Miss Alice Barnett6ings her music, speaks her lines, and makes her points in the most approved fashion. In more ways than one she stands head and shoulders above most of her compeers. Mua Colbourne- Babcr was somewhat disappointing. She did not appear to kuow very well wpat to' make of "Princess Ida," and although her voice has a certain sweetness, and her method is not conspicuously faulty/ her forte it, not the Gilbert-Sullivan heroines. It wasn i much, but what Miss Ida Osborne had to say and sing were accomplished satisfactorily. So -much fcr the cast. A word for the orchestra Sullivan is strong in instrumentation, espe cially with the reeds, and in " Princess Ida" there are some pretty jxissages. Symphonies aud accompaniments were played in that care ful, effective and subdued manner which lifts, and never drowns, the voices. The couductor has to be congratulated. Take ray tip— go and see " Princess Ida." "Oarder ! " Now all ye dukes and duchesses who like a light, lively and lyrical night's fun, rull up to the Opera House. There the lamp of Burlesque burns as brightly as ever,' and "Little Jack Sheppard" is as peculantly pleasing as before. Stephens and Yardley have really collaborated to some amusing our- pose. When Pottapher and Teddy Solomon laid their heads together it was put about at home that Gilbert and Sullivan were to be blown to smithereens; but "Billee Taylor," for which I have a sneaking liking, don't prove a torpedo, and "Claude Duval," in which there is some rather catchy music, scarcely turned out a penny cannon. However. Stephens has ideas, and can write a tat— have a glance at his weekly Topical Times — and Yardley, whose name must be familiar to you in connection with cricketing matters—has, in "Jack Sheppard," backed liim up well. So wc have a very enjoyable slut. There's some smart "whecses" in it, no end of fetching music, a sufficiency of fun, clever actmg,,loU.af comely girls, pretty dresses and bright bits of scenery. What could you wish for more in a burlesque? Miss Bobina would take a lot of beating in her particular line. Her great charm is the dis tinctness with which sbe speaks and sings her lines. Not a word is lost ; and while sbe has a pleasant voice, she trips it and generally roves about in a vivcacious, versatile way. If Mr Robert Broogb hasn't Lai's unction and breadth he doesn't come in a bad second, and you would have to look a. long time about before you got a more "<unoosin cuss" than bis Jolraathan Wild. By George? what a host of theatrical ghosts Mr. " Teddy" Royce conjures up hctcce me. What a change there is once his "An Ambassador from Below" days j but still he has all the old spirit and go, if not quite the former nunblcness. Of course his "Botany Bay"— what a satire 6am Co well's ditty is oa Australians !— is the roaxder" of the evening. Annie Taylor, wlio makes her first ap pearance in this company, and therot!iers oa the tall are en to the occasigaHand My, Stanislaus and his aiders ' and abettors "in the orchestra lend very material helping hands! As 1 mentioned last week -the next production atthiBhooBe is "Dick Whittington." They tell me that its Jakobooskfr opera of that name, and that -when it was produced at the London Globe Messrs. ir. H, Layc, W. Wflrte, and MtaskweiieeHateotirt, now -of the© jrnti Bcorpe, vm m the cast.' It-most "The £hsdowat5rcI»tyw,wMfit=rtutanitted 49 MfiWrwAdiooce, ami 31 « «ma 40 haven todeb t3|b £re«hnesf of novelty for » badiniu way. It U Cairly well courtrocted ond worked up, and there are two w three effective eteMtione in it. With tbc exception of thecase of Mr. and Jfcj. Williiuusoii. tiie casting of the charoctoro ia entiralf different from Oiat in previous re|>refientation.s. There i, no falling off in the'lliimor of the lady end gentleman ea.Tim and Biddy ; they .litfnp rf.t. the most .of tlinr ports, hlr. TitherodgeovcrffoKswitJ- virlucandtfaehcrotcs Tom Cooper. Mir. PtS Beckie, professioDaliy. ill his proper lilts ns the villain Benson ; and Mr. Anscc who is an artist to his ffnecr tifis, givf- in /acccnent diwacter ' sketdi of the roguish Jew. A very "sympathetic or.il iihe- able rendering of tbeheroine u gi ven iiy Miss Issbel Moms.' Otherwise the acting docs not impress one much. "Shadows of a Great City" flit across the stage tea few night onger, and then ."She Streets of .London" will Ire shown - - "BAmo£.BHis the novity this week at the® BijOU. TV-tntpnriim W9S -tOprodllCe tho opera on Saturday, Imt Redresses could, not poB&ibly; be got ready, «o'gte fitsterfoMmaacc was postponed until tast night. <(Bsbiole' is an adaptatioi; from tiie French ondcpntains a good deal of pretty u?usic, which has gained marked popularity at home f irhfle a lot'of fun is ruade of a muu who U inoou veii lent) 7 . shot, and some love complications. Mr. Hanson tells one that it has coat the management £800 to mount the opera, every thing taring new, and I'm sure I hope with Jiim flat it will "grip." Next week well compare notes «bvut the piece. ' The Miner's Daughter" is still running to fair business at the Alexandra, And crery- body's liapoy. On Situroay, iowerer/ a change takes place in the bill, mien ' tiie arid familiar, "Uncle Tom's Cabin," will be trotted out W allow Miss warn to give ta a touch of her "Topsy." Wliy.. doesn't sho produce "Jack-in-the-box" before she goes ? Professor Anderson has looked.-agti again, and is giving his show iu St. fobrpefa bHalL He's got a batch of new Ufokva&dhpcars; as if he was to do well during his briefistay. The gay aud festive Prank was hevhttoore attractively "at home" at the Victoria Hall thnn this week. He lias a h'gbill-ijn.. . - j Tlio C. IT. Taylor Called BackX5»tnpany are at Seymour to-night playing- "'Ooljed Back. " They go on to Xdgambfe and bj> Ibe Goulhurn Valley. Then their come' Icwri for a rest, and go on to GippslandL' The Bcough-Boucicauk comedyj .company open at the Sydney Criterion . Theatre on- Saturday iu the " PickpoidceP1 "'Vice .. . . Tho CoghUrm' whp Ate' doing big business at the Victoria Hall, Sydney, uiieu shortly at our St .. George's Hall. . . .Mr Xuscombo Searwle, with a muiic.il company,' was recently at Mauritius. , . . A sensationalism by a good old provincial actor, now manager. Prank Scudamorc, named " Rags and llobes," is 8 at the Sydney ' Standard. . - Girofle-Cirofla," u-itn Verdi uid ' Miss Ivonova iu the leading roles, .js the bill at the Sydney Gaiety. . . > - I7. J. Holtowayaud Essie Jenynsare. indulging the Brisbaners with comedy, and a corps "managed by Mr. I'. J , Kennedy and headed), by,- tiia Carry George are doiog " Tbe J3&tegmt;/\ ... The bimonson Opera Company have caught on at Adelaide. . ; TlWybeit Koeve, now in Tasmania, goes on to New 2ri- ; land. , . . The ilax Jiinkle Comedy Gthn- Pa"y at the Agricultural House, Dunediri.- and Mr. 1'oley. a Maccabe performer, ' IS ar the Opera House, where he will be followed by the Wdmotfc Comedy ;Com- Pa®y- . Johnnie Hall with his 4 bun on the Bristol" Company is still doing New Zealand. . . . The London Circus Company . and Hooper's Mastodon Mirror of the World are Nelson's amusements, the Lynch Family of Bellringere being at Wellington. ... General -Hile'. iuid - tho Circassian Youth are doing good business in Napier. . . . Mesers. Monro Mackay, and McLennan have been drawing great crowds at the Wellington Opera House. . » . Tiie original of Jim the Penmau L< — to hove been a certain barrister of the Middle Temple, whose penmanship procured him a free passage to Australia more than fifty years ago. . . " Jess, "a new play by the author of "My Sweetheart," will bo shortly produced in America. 