TURF NOTES. BY NIMROD. Goodna races came off on Saturday and were chiefly remarkable for three things—the absolute primitiveness of all arrangements, the want of control over the racing itself, and the success of Bachelor in the three races be ran in, though it seems to mo rather rough to mako a horse travel 4i miles for 40 soys. One curious afi'air amused me vastly, tho scales weighed 7^lb. short. Thero were no stewards or any of the usual officers, at least so far as I could boo, and the judge appeared, bar starting, to run tho whole thiug himself. By the way, there was one rule mo&t; rigidly onforcod—no jockey was allowed to leave the scales without paying up the entrance. In fact the judge (who also weighed themoutand in) almost forcibly detained them till the dollars were forthcoming. Tho running of Warkworth, referred to in my report of the meeting, was the real blot on tho whole day's amusement. A little laxity on a country course is all very well, but if men Of oustomed to metropolitan meetings think they oan throw dust in the eyes of the public becauso thoy are at a small meeting, they are very much mistaken. I nover iv my life saw a much plainer case of "not wanted." Only three started—Bachelor, Warkworth, and Metal—this last horse about equal to hack form. Yet Metal was with the others all the way, and finished close up third. Bachelor with a three-lengths lead sailed comfortably round till tho distance, when they all closed up, and, just to give an idea of a finish, Warkworth raced up to him and the pair camo easily home together. Neither was extended from start to finish; the wlip was never used on the gray, and bis rider had no spurs. Every,racing man saw what was done, the general verdict being that the " Nt.t.ve Boe" business was not as bad, cer tainly no worse. Of course the usual "Came too late" was given out, though no notice was taken of the matter by the authorities (if there wire any), und, us regards the "came too lata" business, the affair was done so clumsily that they nearly upset their own pot by the gray overdoing his part and coming too toon., I certainly think that the Q.T.C. should take Tiotice of tho matter, though the Goodna people let it pass: for what is the good of registering clubs (and this one only a few miles from town) if jockeys and traiuers can do as they please thero i* It'a man succeeds in his little games at Goodna he will soon start trying them ou at Eagle Farm. I must do the owner of the borne justice, however, by saying that I believe he was thrown over as well as the public. To turn to v more pleasant subject, the Ips wich racing folks aro to the fore again with a very good programme for the 20th and 27th December next, when 700 soys. are to be given f>r twelve races. And there is only one fault to be found with said programme, and that is, it is a littlo monotonous, for there are three races of a mile and a distance, and two of a mil-- and a furlong—only a difference of twenty yards ; and four over a distance of one mile. It would have been better to have had a bnrdle race in tho pro.-rarame, and a six-furlong flutter in place of ono of the mile races. The meeting will consist of the Trial Stakes, 45 soys.; boiling Race, 35 soys ; Railway Plate, 1} mile, 100 soys.; Bandanba Purse, 1 mile aud a furlong, 40 soys.; Farmers' and Miners' Cup, 20 soys.; and to wind up the first day the Flying Handioap, 1 mile, 70 soys. On the second day they commence with a Maiden Pluto, 50 soys., which would havo been hotter ou the first day; next comes the Corinthian Cup, 10 H-vd., open to amateurs and profes sionals, with tho usual allowance ; and then the big event, the Turf Cmb Handicap of 150 bdvs , li mile, nomination 1 soy., acceptance, 2 soys., and a third payment of 3 soys. at soulc, G soys in all. rather high for a possible 150 soys. prize ; but we must remember the club is n»t too wealthy at present. The Visitors' Plate of 45 soys., ll milo: another Selling Race, and then the Farewell Handioap of 70 hoys., to wind up with. For dates of nomina tion, &c;, Bee calendar. It is a pity we cannot obtain and retain some really good jumpers. As it is, as soon as we we get a Friotion, off he goes South. One thing, moat of the prizes here are so small and inducements co muoh greater in New South Wales or Victoria that we can expect nothing else. If greater stakes were given we might possibly get real jumpers here. Bar Bosun, we have nothing now; Bachelor is a fair second-rater, and Native Rose about the sirao; as for the rest tho less said the b-tter. But wh;> is to make a move in the business ': Owners arc reminded that entrios for Gatton handicaps close on Monday, 3rd October; general entries, 21st October. My Love aud Medusa are to go to the stud. Both, if well mated, should produce good stock, though as a rule a maro who has been through tho mill so often as My Love is not tho best t) brood from. Probably she may after a long spell bo all right for her future duties as stud nvitron. Bickers have received a severe blow through Isonomy breakitig down. Ho was instituted iirßt favourite for the Caulfield Cup only a day or so ago. Another warning to stand off the long prices and wait for shorter odds and certain starters was exemplified by tho scratching of Silvormino for the Metropolitan. I suppose, however, it will always Im tin- same. Mr. Andrew Town has sutt'.-md a severe loss in his Hoburtville establishment through the death of tho recently imported Moorthorpe, who had already got two good animals in Moorhouso aud Moorbauk, and whose death is a great loss to the Turf in general. About the best light weight in the colonies is now young Fiolder; he rodo three winnen and a second, inoluding Oardigau the Huwkes bury Grand Handicap winuor, at the recent meeting there. Southern papers all speak most highly of him and his prowess.- We oould do with a few like him in Brisbane. I see that tho sum total disbursed at the Hawkosbury meeting was 2059 soys. Not so very muoh moro (in faot only 9 soys.) than we give away at a meeting hero. Suroly with worse cattlo to meet it would pay the Southrons to give us a visit. But tho handi capping is the rub. I see from the Referee that tho firet progeny of Nordonfelt has mode her appearance into the world, a filly from Efiu. Rather inbred too, as Efin is hill sister to Martini—Henry. Only one of his (Nordenfolt's) mares ha* mis-kid, which is a great success for a horse in his first season. Abercorn has placed the A.J.C. Derby to Mr. White's credit onoe more; and, not content with winning the blue riband, that most fortunate of owners won two other raoes with Cariyon and the mighty Trident. Apppended is Abercorn's breeding, and it will be noticed that he combines the best blood for stoutness and speed in the oountry, having three strains of Sir Hercules, one of Weatherbit, and o»e of Stockwell. Breeding good enough for any thing and any oountry. In answer to the query, «• Why are our best horses sent to Australia to race r"' tho sporting writer of the Canterbury (N.Z.) Times replies as under: —" We daresay there are several reasons whioh induce New Zjoland owners to try their fortunes on the other side of the water; but the principal attraction is undoubtedly tho possibility of turning good horses to more profitable account. It does not follow, as our correspondent would probably wish us to con clude, that our system of racing is inferior to that followed in Australia; it is merely a question of numbers and wealth. If the population of New Zealand were numerically equal to that of Victoria and New South Wales, the racing here would be quite equal in every respect to that at Flemington and Randwiok. It is no idle boast, either, to say the thorough- breds raised in this colony are generally suporior to those produoed in Australia. Our horses, owing to climatic advantages, ure in advance of our racing, and it is no wouder that men who find themselves possessed of animals equal, or slightly superior, to those running in countries where better stakes are offered should join in competition for the richer prizos. Of course the strength of the Australian ring has an attraction for certain owners • but this, too, is supported by population, and, until we havo grown a littlo older and a little more wealthy, we must be content to lose annually one or two of our best performers. Tho English thoroughbred stallion Sword dance, which was purchased to the order of tho New Zealand Stud Company, has "arrived safely at Auckland. Theprioe paid for tho horse was 000 guineas. Friar's Balsam, the English crack two-year old, has had 10,000 guineas refuaed for him. The offer was made by an Indian Rajah. Tho Prince of Wales has given his two-year old oolt Falcon away to John Porter, the trainer. Though costing 500 guineas as a year ling, the oolt has turned out a complete failure. How do they do it? "They toil not, &o.;" Yet Mr. John Robinson, of Nottingham, a leading English bookmaker, has purchased Thurgarton Priory, one of the historical man sions in the county of Notts, for, it is said, €50,000. The estate comprises 1757 aores, and in July last was offered for sale iv London, and withdrawn at .£34,500. It is on record that a former owner of Thurgarton Priory lost £00,000 at cards to tho Marquis of Hastings, who hold tho title deeds, but subsequently returned them to the owner. Tho mansion house nt the timo of the sale was the residonoe of the Bishop of Southwell. A good story is told of Robert Peok, the great English trainer. He had an animal entered for a Queen's Plate of 500 soys., 2 mile-*, weight for age, thro© to start or no race. Well, out of a dozen or so entrios only three wore left in, Pock's hor.-co and two oth-r great dons tbat hal fright'-iic-downc-rHout of the race. Now each of the owners of the two hors.is left in was very anxious to havo the race run, as they had heavy side wagers on, and the 500 soys. was not to be ' sneozod at. Eich in turu went to Peck telliug hira they would give him £100 to start bis horse (that, by the way, had not a ghost of a show of winning), pay his entries, and give him besides half the stakes if their horse won. Robert the astute closed with eaoh offer, neither owner knowing about the other's bar- rain, and consequently tho race came off, Peok getting his money beforehand. Now ooinos the point. Theriderdof the two cracks were, of course, told not to bother about Peck's horse but to m-atch each other. Consequently Peck's animal established a long lead while the other two were waiting on eaoh other closely. Like a flash it came to Peok that with the lead his horse had, if ho could only stay it out, he could win ; so galloping down to the rails at the turn he shouted to his boy to go in and wiu, which ho did, the riders of the othor two after a most desperate finish boing beaten by a length. So the wily Pock got his 200 soys., his double acceptance, and tho stakes as well. Tbo progeny of Dollar, the sire of Rupee Sam of Spade Guinea), are coming to the front France. At the Amiens raoe meeting, held on 10th and 11th July, the principal events were secured by his stook; Mdlle. Byart, by Dollar from Jeune Premiere; Avrail, by Dollar from Printaniere ; and Urgenoe, by Dollar from Promise, being the most successful performsn. In the returns of Indian raoing by the last mail (says •• Augur" in the Australasian) I notioed that tho anoient Alt Abdoola was to the fore again, and winning raoes with Arabs. On the fourth day of the Bangalore meeting the English horse Charles Stuart, by Prince Charlie, again met some Australians in the Stewards' Cup, and as the distance was only a mile it was thought that the Britisher would win, but the Australian mare Signal carried 9st. 111b. to his Oat. 61b., and beat him easily by two lengths in lmin. 49see. In tho Agram Steeplechase the Australian Chatsworth carried 12st. 21b., giving lumps of weight to every thing, and won easily. At the Calcutta Sky races, the Arab pony Laddie beat a couple of colonial pernio**, but the Australian Fishwife won the Criterion and Australasian Stakes, and Pygmalion carried off the Hooghly Stakes. Tho St. Leger was won by Mr. J. M'Kenna's b.c. Kilwurluio, by Arbitrator—Hasty Girl, Mr. Abington's b.c. Merry Hampton being second, aud Mr. Manton's c.c. Timothy, by Hermit—Lady Massam, third. Doubtless the accident to Merry Hampton, of which we were apprised by cable, prevented the Derby winner from getting first past the post. Cap - a - pi« (imp.) Paraguay fimp.) Tue IJvmoukI |8ister to Cafctus 8 •o S I Sir Hercules Sir Hercules Paradigm Pr-itn AUy Boiu* Emigrant rirap.) Gulnurc (imp.) Birdi- atclier Uchidna Cassandra Tros limp.) Alieo Gray I- i 6 & J ». *£ Ol 5 Stockwell Ihe Bacon 1 9 **3 Ami trey Pocahontas Burkaway Leila Olcncoe Marpessa Economist Nabocklinhfllly Emilius Apollonia Wertherbit Child of the Mist " Fireworks Kelpie (imp.) 1 "a "3 O Oadight (imp.) Fisherman (imp.) Sir Hercules Factory Girl Heron .VCainbrace Touchstone Lancashire Witch Sylvia I Juliet fimp.-) Speculation (imp.. 8cipio Cautalnupe Sir Hercules Puraclium ■s 3 I Whilebone Parag-u:i} (inip.' Clove (imp.) Sweetmeat HybJa - i I - 