TITLES FOR BIBLES. " — ' ! As . is well known, different editions of the English version of the Bible freqnently have titles applied to them on account of some de- fioienoy, in the text, or for , other sufficient reasons. Thus the three quartos .of Tyndale's version, published in 1536, are sometimes called the Blank Stone, the J/o/e. and the En: yruotr's jtfnri editiona, by reason of the stone at the font of tha 'Anoriia Paul in the woodent being blank in one example, having the representation of a mole in the second, hud the initials of the engraver in the third. The Buyye Bibles art so-called from lbs rendering of a verse in tbe.nine- tieth'Psalm of Coverdsle'a version, " So Hist thou shalt not nede to be. afrayd for th ybug- gies by night;" the word ."buggie" mesne "bogie,", or ghost The lie and She Bibles are those reprinted from the first two issue of onr present Bible, in one of which Ruth iii. ' 15 reads, " He went into the city end the other ' i She went into the city." Tho Genevan ver- eionda called the Breeches Bible, from the word ing of Genesis iii., 7, where Adam and Bve an described as making themselves breeches. The first edition of the Genevan yerrioa' iffnlso called the 11% Bible, on account of one ot tha verses reading " Blessed are the place makers," the practice of place hunting being, wo pre sume, one of the favorite, occupations ot ths W'higs, or grast Liberal party in thiscountry. Taverner's and.aleo Coverdale's version read in the eighth chapter of Jeremiah, " For there is no more trescle in Gsissd ; " hence 1 these editions are known as Treacle Bibles. The early Roman Cfttholic. issues sre known as AW :: Bibles, becauso this same passage hss.the word "rosen" instead of "treacle." The Great Bible is sometimes called Cranmsr's, hot be cause that ecclesiastic had anything to do with its translation, hut simply because he wrote a prologue to the edition of April, 1540. ' We have even heard the term Leapfrog Bible ap plied to, those editions which contain tho.metri- cal version of tbs Psalms at tbe end. This metrical version was, as is well known, by Bternhold and Hopkins, "and some sages zed on the opportunity of making s disgraceful joke at the expense of the whole publication. Another Bible, printed by Mrs. Anderson, at Edinburgh, in 1698 and 1705, is such an abominable pro duction that all kinds of fearful names have been invented for it, some of whioh are highly blasphemous and others indecent. The fol lowing ia a specimen of hsr typography i- etiterlntoyek!ng<lomnrgo4wronc«yo ; , IhanbaTlngtwoiycs'.olxcsitltitoheklrs. In addition to the above is the well known "Vinegar" Bible, and also the "Wicked" Bible, ao called because some compositor set up tho text of the Commandments with the word " not" omitted where it should have been in serted, and nice vers t—Book l.ore. 