WEDNE8bIx7 Tw^B^W. Ihe battle is now almost over iand tbe victory is TirtusJIy won — ihe panas of Home Bole in Western A.nfitra)i» ' has *t last trinmpbed— the riglit of tbe coloniste to inaiwse their oim affairs has filially been xnnklf admit ted by the leader of tiie ConserraJawB parly in this prpvinee. The straggle has lasted lor many weary yean, dor iug which tiie vexed qnestum of Be Eponeible Governmeut has been dis cussed with a wearisome monotony that has had almost b pan seating effect upon the public mind. Bat this can at any rate be said abpnt the way in which die political warfare has been waged — personalities have been strictly avoided, and die discussion has been conducted in the most ad mirable temper thronghont on either side. Just as our .Legislature com pares more than favourably with the Parliaments of the other Australian Gokmieseo for as thegood behaviour of hon. members is concerned, bo no sec tion of tiie Press of Western Austra lia has never demeaned itself by mak* iug scnrriloos Attacks upon*Dy public men to whose political opinion any newspaper may hare beeu opposed. Tfarongfaont the conduct of the battle credit has been given by either side to their opponents acting only under the iuflneuceof strict conscientioni mo tive*. At one time — early in the'Bgbt for constitutional reform — it appeared as if the battle had been won almost without effort. A motion was carried iu the Legislature in favor of the im mediate adoption of Besponsibie 6ov erameut ; bat uothiag came «f it, and the struggle was prolonged lor many years. Latterly, however, the -people became dewurigbt sick of the uuduly prolouged delay ; and, being thorough ly disgusted with the existiag form of Government, seized every opportunity of expressing their opinion upon the burning question of the day with no uncertain voice. Thus atavery politi cal meeting that 'has recently been held in Western Australia the elec tors assembled passed resolutions in favonr of local Home Hole by over whelming majorities wheu they were j not unanimously adopted — auu every by-election that has taken place since the last general election' bas resulted -in the return of k representative pledged to support, and vote in favor of the immediate adoption of Respon sible Government. - ?^ The strongest opponent to the cause of constitutional reform bas been oar -Jity contemporary, at the head of -whose literary staff -was (and still is) a gentleman who represents in the legislative Council one of the most important and influential constituen cies in the Colony. Under the able editorial control of Sir Thoxas Cock ' jjuuh-Cajifbell pnr contemporary- has been a tonr of strength to the Con servative party, and has vigorously opposed the Reform movement — not becanse that in their opinion Respon sible ^Government w-fS acdesiraHe, bub solely .upon the ground th it tl:e time had not arrived to alter the existing; ' political coustirntou. But the battle js\not always to the strong, nor is the race *ven ever unto the swift — ! ^popular opinion cannot be ignored — nor ^ftn -the -voice of. the. JSSfite^be. U§£ lerbed nnpinihe r'ininft-)flbe^^&- ierra^ve party tbaVtbej were^b longer in touch with the feelings of the vast majority of the colonists, and . thereupon, their journalistic orgui saw fit to retreat from the indefensible -position it had so coorageonsly held since the date of its inception. To givft our contemporary its just due, the retreat has been conducted in the most admirably strategetical manner. 32tere was no sudden change of front \- — which might have exasperated its staunches! supporters, there was' no nhdeoent haste exhibited in going over ^ jtp the cause it had so long striven to ?defeat — which would have at once cov ered it with derision and contempt ; 'but about eight or twelve mouths ago . it suspended active hostilities and ?wisely chose to occupy a ' neutral ' position. Bat even that ground has now become untenable, and conse quently oar contemporary has wisely lesolved to bow its head before the storm of public opinion, and to give __ itB by no means despicable assistance ' towards carrying into effect that con stitutional reform the people of West ern Australia so much desire. At Albany, on Monday evening last Sir Thomas Cockbubn-Camfbell took lies 4»nstitaents into his confidence. from the telegraphic report we have deceived of the proceedings of the meeting we Jearn that Sir Thomas __ spoke to the following effect : — ' That ~~~~ thengh his views regarding Respon sible Government remained unchang ed, yet the political situation of. the Colony 'nad so altered, and the Re form members were now so largely in ibe majority that, under the circnm ?tauses, he considered it undesirable to turtfaer contest that view, and that in. his opinion the proper course for . ?fie Conservative party now to take was to units' with the moderate Re form party in striving to frame a sound constitution for the Colony npon the basis of Home Rule.' In expressing such an opinion Sir Vanitis without doubt acted as the mouthpiece of *h« party he has so long and so abiv represented, sot only as the niemb r for Plan i tagenet but also as Editor of the Con servative organ of journalism. We give him and his party every credit tor the sound and commonsecse view they hare taken of the situation, and for our part we accept their offer, : with gatude. The time for farther ticai warfare has now passed; the ;het is bnried, and the Reform parly rejoice that their former politi cal opponents are now ready to help them in re-organising the -present constitution. Their assistance will Indeed be most valuable, as in &U; probability they will act as a drag upon the wheel. By this we mean that the former Conservative party may help to prevent, the reformers from going too far. The important question of the immediate adoption of Responsible Government has now been virtually decided in the affirma tive— bnt even still more import* ut matters of detail have yet to be de termined, in the settlement of which our former opponents can render the most valuable assistance. But so long as the two formerly antagonistic parties now accept the situation and determine to pall together, there is no doubt that a settlement will be arrived at which will redound to the credit of the Colony and eusare the future prosperity of their adopted coaetry. Thb information received by telegraph lum of late been sporadic, uncertain, ftnfl unsatisfactory, aud shows that the political force, &ke; the , wind before a storm, veering and iiauling as a sailor might say, affords butceUghV indica tions of tbe ^narter from' winch the storm may oome. at last; yet never theless these are sufficient to direct us toAe contemplation of certain even-1 tualities, and to prepare us for them. The new ministry in France can only be considered as a temporary expedi ent to delay the coming into power of I the Extreme Left. Like all coalition ministries, this will be found to be I without any policy, and to bethel slave of expediency ; and though, on accession to office, it has had a large majority in the Chambers, it oau only, continue on sufferance. It remains to be seeu how long it will be suffered. So far. however, we may congratulate the French that peace is a necessity j for its existence, aud, on this account, I Prince Bismarck already oners it sap- 1 port* We know that Frenchmen j generally are almost as jealous of our occupation of £gypt as of that of Alsace-Lorraine by liermany, and that j the officials especially; afraid of fading such fair opportuuities of peculation as it has hitherto afforded them, are even more earnest ou that poii.t; and so the . German Chancellor, amiou6 auore all things to maintain the East ern frontier of his Imperial Germany, has,) it is slid, unibd with Russia in the demand, for the removal of bar troops from Egypt, tie would glad- 1 ly, as we have said, embroil Fraacej with England, even to the Advantage I of Russia in the east of Europe, to] keep the French oat of hie newly- j acquired proviuccs and delay Russian I interference in central Europe. But] then how will the people of Alsace Lorraine be satisfied, and what pos sible gain to France could accrue from a war with England? These are questions which Frenchmen will natu rally put to themselves, and the simple answer which presents itselt must readily occur to them. The army of France can be of no possible use against England, aud the French fleet is iuferior to the English. . In a war V«h Kugland, therefore, France must have allies if she would be successful, aud any alliance for such a purpose would incite others against her. -Nevertheless, as the French are easily satisfied with the name of glory, common sense may be now to them what Burns describes it as having been to Scottish- orthodoxy in his day. If France determines to attempt the expulsion of the jfingtish from Egypt by force she must have the aid of 'Russia, and this alliance, for any pur* pose, would embroil all Europe in war. All this would be nothing to the Dark Chancellor, if Germany could escape from such entanglement, but we may premise 'fUiatiiis jpresent object is to gain- time,- and, we the Ghost in Hamlet, he^g '.a worthy pioneer* Sbjl^caa wodciis well below as above-ground. ' Wanted by the betrayal of the French of the secrets of the fronjjer/ifoitfeesses' by^pme p£ his own officers; lie^Gann^t .^loubt that there are many, even in the German artnyV^r no means favourable to him, or Us policy eC pa. united 'Germany under.' the- domination of Prussia. The minor kingdoms aud States, and the Austrian Germans have no Prus skn^sjifepatfiies, and no one knows better than he does that a war with France might disintegrate, the nn horad&nous; moss. Moreover, fUooj^h he denfes;i»jid, officers^ satisfactorily to himswfj'offerSdispropf of the 'ac curacy oitbe despatches published by General Leflo, the rest of the world believes it, and Russia has not denied it. What therefore he can 'July hope to do i* tp tid^ver the. .^ime, imping for sgt&elhmg; to '* Ja%\fjpV ''^ud labouring to be prepared fur every passible eventuality. If the report is true, that Sir O. Wolff has at last ob tained from the Porte a satisfactory settlement of the Egyptian difncnlty, and that, iFit is not 'accepted by all the 1'owers, we are to remain iu occu pation, we may conclude with cer tainty that there is abundaut occu pation for diplomatists for some mouths to come, aud that, not impos sibly, Prince Bismarck may pull some fish out of the troubled waters. . It is a common-saying that everything is possible to those' who can wait, but at present allareasaitjug, -&»il Europe is kept year after year, so to speak; in hot water, to satisfy the nidfttid ambition of Prussia and Russia. It is satisfactory, however, to know that the- Bulgarian Regents have succeeded in negociatiug a loan, aud will not therefore be driven to desperation for want of means to carry on die Govern ment. It may be that the uew French administration may maintain itself during the present session of the Chambers, but the absence of XL Freycinet must prove, as we think, an almost fatal source of weakuess, and we may well doubt whether the army will be satisfied with General Ferrou superseding General Boulanger. The timid time-serving policy, if policy it may be called, common to all coa litions, has never yet resulted in any thing but an increase of strength to the opposition aud the ultimate down fall of it» promotei-s. Of this oar own Parliamentary history affords many examples, aud we think the patience of the Fr-*nch under stscb a Government has beau sufficiently tried already. In the meantime what ever may be its extension, the internal discordant agencies iu Europe will vibrato through the social system of all the nations, and their sound become more distinctly audible. It is this, as we have said, that keeps Frauce, Ger many, and Russia especially, each unwilling to strike the first blow. But iu Russia all now admit that M. Kat koff is dominant, aud we know well to what course he would direct tbe Emperor, as the only means of security against external. and internal enemies, and the. fulfilment of the destiny of the Gear himself, by the establishment of a Great Pan Sclavonic Empire. That such a result can buly be obtain ed by force of arms is of course under stood ; but, like all so-called true Rus sians, he believes that Holy Russia is not beyond nis calculations, or aLt-ci- spipF^pgthe #y in the fable, 1^* hid]^^|ig|yifiUBi?Dr object she Info proVj p^r j&e; JBecessity i»f 'a. Torklsb army bcinjfe mo&ihzed; on the easteiin froh^^^nd^Boprerenii the nec&SfM; incHp|puiifij^i of war, of tbe &W4;* sinc&pnlitad;: oot-%3 a probabb stepCfpi the Hc^nfttjon of Bnfearis, wd&pa.; brij#|igi»nt farces to *he rescufe if indfeBLM^wjbomp^nsationhas Bot-fcjw| alre^^«enarea«ad Salouika^O^^i as l Pu^rbakncetoConsJauitinjS^ rhl Ij^ub in which the people *K helfl are strained to the utmost, and for theirnin and desolation that may fol low, (Heir dismption two men appear to bemainly responsible. 