VOYAGE OF THE "ANGERTON." DIRECT STEAM WITH LONDON. On Thursday, 22nd September, the brig \- rigged steamer Angerton, arrived at Fre- mantle, after á passage of 40 days from Gravesend, having left there at 4 p.m. on Saturday the 6th August. The new arrival is a fine full powered steamship belonging to the well-known fleet of Messrs Watts, Milburn & Co. London and Newcastle-on-Tyne, and was built in 1884, by Messrs. W. Dobson & Co. and engined by the Wallsend Shipway Company, both of Newcastle-on-Tyne, and commanded by Captain H. Marria. The Angerton was chartered by the asso ciated firms of Messrs. Charles Bethell & Co. and Trinder Anderson & Co's in connexion with the conveyance of assisted passengers to this port and Albany for the railway works of Messrs. C. & E. Millar, the contractors for the West Australian Land Company. She also brought a few saloon and full paying forward passengers. The cargo for this port amounted to some 650 tons, and after dis charging this and landing her passengers, she proceeded to Albany, where the bulk of the single men for the railway were landed in terms of their agreement. The Angerton is 330 feet long, 38 feet beam with a depth of hold of 27 feet 5 inches. Her gross register tonnage is 2795, with a nominal horse power of 375. Her general passenger list amounts to 140, 24 married couples (48) with 13 children and 4 infants, 10 single women, 65 single men and a crew of 46 hands all told. The placés of birth of the passengers are England 74, Ireland 50, Scotland 9, Wales 4, Canada 1, Orkney 1, U.S. America, 2, Ger- many 1, Japan ,1. A few slight cases of ill- ness ooourred on the voyage and an infant named Doyle aged 11 months died on the 19 August from acute capillary bronchitis. * The Bargeon in charge, Dr. W. Maloney, en deared Jftmself to everybody on board-and it is,pleasant ,.to reoord the fact that the pas- sengers without exception speak in the high- est terms Of praise of the kindness of Captain Matris and hin officers during the passage outi Concerning the fpllowing detail of the voy- age out we are indebted to a passenger per Anaerton who has seen much of travel in all parts of the word. The saloon of ' the Angerton is much like any other saloon of a good steamship of her tonnage» But the generality of people are much more interested to know how the humbler class of passengers fare both as to acoommo daiiön and food'. We will therefore describe that of the Angerton as a fair average speci- men °f *he' vessels of the Weat Australian line.. The mairried couples with the young chüdrenandthe single women were comfort- ably located'pn the 'tween decks down the 44main" hatoh, the single men down the, "fóte" hatch. From the mailor hpper deck to (the sleeping berths aro two substantial stjolrwaya for each hatch, audaoapocioueeky h^t surrqunito^tee, opening.; The married people nave , of course separate, enclosed cabins whioh extended the breadth of the vessel. The'berths of the single then ore built an'two tiara, upper and lower. Each man has a. separate bartlu bBing divided from his neighbour by a low deal partition, The height from the floor, of the. cabin to the, deck above being 7ft'. Oin. it is evident! the current of Air was ample. In fact if j «mr-fliln.-/ the ventilation weis at'times too ap- - parant, butîthat it a splendid fault. Wooden ? tables, many of which could be elevated on their BUpporbng stanchions when not wanted, aatTottnded'the sleeping quarters. 'TbepassèngierB are divided into " messes " of'from five to ten" persons'each, and each atesabas it« particular oupboordwhere the re* qaisiteutenBils» of washing basins, brooms, water cons, and the like. Each'mess has its captain andas ?istañVor&eriy; men (or Women, sa the case may bB),'whose duties are to' superintend all tlw^rrangemeute for the remainder. They bri|% in tim freshwater supply In the morn- ing, tbey bring in the stores from the steward or the hot food from the cook's galley. The kit provided for the assisted emi l'raátaudpaid'forby the paying steerage, oon-1 eilte Of>;« really admirable mattress and pillow, a good .thick doable blanket or rug, a pair of ebeets, and all the neoessary meal requisites, 8uoh as a good enamelled plate, cup, knife, fork, Ac. This kit becomes the property «f the passenger on arrival. Order ia heaven's first low, and a passenger steamer without discipline would soon tend towards ) i jing a floating hell. Rightly, therefore, the v I'OB and regulations of the Board of Trode i J observance on vessels under the " Passen g j,1 ; AVt 'I were posted in conspicuous places > v r the Angerton. These are precise and ¡i icicular, bat more so are the captains and <. '? sera of vessels like the one about which 1 "«rite,» whoBe boost it ÍB to hove high .isird in'theiservióe of conveying emigrants to» ihe-colonies. - Every passenger should 1 va 'húfmed by 7 am,, breakfast at 8, and l»yilO aim. the bed-clothes and mattress mast b iisotly»colled np and the quarters cleaned a i * swept, ready for the Captain and Doctor's i i < action, which is by ho means a formal one, f .- -¿¡the floors'were not Bornpulously washed o .¿.and! holy- storied, there 'were ' enquiries, ." .! «urgent tones too, for the delinquent cap. ., *.*^rshaUwe say-.treapteineBB. At re-' i> ¿wri, intervals too, and when weather per- in .«adr ti» -bedding- was token up on neck for ti /fliltMdl '«¡tibgV To the-Shallów-mihd'ed, tft t^itbhtgs'öray appöar'trifles, butsïct^nd d, * th. rate« depena on these things. Dinner Í.'^Urvediabout nooto feud tea?at 5Í «"Lights t\ i*£»afc«0 p-m.,** wMnh tkaHBl the* good« V A» bbonia beJafèly in bed ahid securely Pix ¿ed up." Constables tot the different ' classes of passengers are duly appointed, eaoh wearing a distinguishing- bodge. The detail of the ordinary sanitary arrangements had its espeoiol oostodian-.Cloacean having her high priest. During the watches of the night watchmen chosen from the passengers were on duty, and a lantern under their control was kept burning in eaoh division. Closely connected with these excellent notes of dis- cipline and order ia .the'water supply,,and nothing but praise con be allowed. The tonks per Angerton contained 6000 gallons of fresh water and the condensing apparatus is cap. able of producing 2400 gallons per diem. It has been said with much truth that you may put your British passenger on board a doubtfully seaworthy craft, guaranteed >to.)do say seven knots at the outside. But. if " bis grub is plentiful and good, he will say no- thing at his journey's end. But émbark'",blm on a floating palace, doiug-her ¡l8 or '14 knots, and feed not properly his inner man,1 he will never forget it; as long as he lives he^willnict as a powerful antidote to the advertisements of the line. Very wisely, therefore, the charterers of the Angerton did not «confine their seale of rations to even the liberal 're- quirements of the Board of Trade. ? An ounce of practice ia worth a ton of theory, So soy for a mess of seven we give the food allow- ance for a week of seven days. It must, pe noted that the orderly mén'of-ijhV mess draw the ".stores" from the'steward on 'the days appointed, and from the passengers' coakatid bakep the other provisions. The bette-' manager the captain is, the better of course for his meas. In the case of children under 12 years of age, condensed milk is supplied i together with puddings and other -delicacies. J So particular were the ? charterers1 ; of > the Angerton that ¡io complaints «hould be pos- sible as to tbo food supply, that, a passenger, Sergt. Major Riley R.A. Was appointed to be present at the issuing of stores'to see that each drawer of rations -received hie »exact ? allowance of weight, the food being in ¡foot weighed by the steward in the sergeant's presence. . ', ', ; , ( WEEKLY ALLOWANCE FOR MESS OF SEVJEN PERSONS PEB STEAMER OF W.A. LiyE¡. , Preserved beef or mutton Compressed beef .1, Salt beef " pork Suet Batter Biscuit Flour ... " issued to baker for bread Rice ... Oatmealj Fresh potatoes Carrots Onions Raisins and currants ,. Tea . ... , ,., Cocoa or coffee . Molasses Sugar ... .. " Choose ' . Jam or marmalade ... Peas lbs 9 8 3 6 8 29 3 4 25 è' » 1 3 Twvce ÏVeefelv. pickles, mustard, salt, °h i 10 * '2 ' 8 > i 8 10 » 15 2 12 IO 12 0 8 12 16 m t . 4 '12- - :10» 1 0lUs i iK pepper Mixed (ground). Water--49 gallons. * This is hardly starvation diet ; but much more remains for a mess captain. Who "know- ing something of the divine art of cooking avaúeth himself of it. Trae (the «cook boils the potatoes, and tbe soup, tim beef, and pork for all, and provideth hot water for the too, coffee, and chocolate, hut flour, cur route, raisins, and prunes, and rnarmalodè, are at ' the passengers disposal, and wherefore not turn them to the best apeount. Large is the ' Angerton's galley, and large aro ¡ite ovens, larger hearted is the genial cock. _ With their " lamps burning " here tho wise mess men took cunningly concocted pieé, savory* made dishes, potatoes served in 'tins way and1 in that, and tarts and cakes of all descrip- tions. There wa« room for all these things < ia those cipasioas ovens, and the steerage passenger who cored, fated mote or loss sumptuously every doy. In the "one' or »¿wo C036B where little wes thoughtoftheaethingW -it was the old, old story. Heaven underthe .? flog of Messr« B'-thelh. had cent, the food, but ignorance or coi eles3Uess prevented^ ita, due development The venerable adage will! occur to the readet's mind, The lesson of all this is i let not the intend- ing Australian bound passenger, who cates for coming, be frightened at the word '" steer- age." We are living in the 4< eighties" and,, not in the " forties," but te many the idea of being herded like so many cattle (that is the time honoured phrase) "steerage," is sugges- tive of a combination of the blackhole of Calcutta, with a modulated form of slow, starvation thrown in, as it were,, to add tothe Johnsonian horrors of the " prison with tb'e chance of being drowned." How différent is the reality, people eau find for themselves by a study of the foregoing table. Even sup- pose your captain WOB nöoookand has a soul above entrees, torts, pudding, and sante, or fried potatoes. You have dach flay good tea,' 'coffee or chocolate, good beef, mutton or' pork, with soup or pudding, fresh bread and' butter, oatmeal porridge, and biscuit,, and* sufficient for each day allowances of conser- ves, molasses, pickles, and splendid Irish butter, the packers of which, Mesara. James Clear ,& Sons, of .Cork, deserve a note of ' recognition. Is tins the'-daily far« cot-the great majority of the inhabitants of phojoggy little archipelago Jet in a northern eeaand, which we cou «-BorneT?. 'Would,to God it, Wereso, bat'this is thb diet provided Hy the' West'Australian ibis, if or the'inan'flyingv froVsBmi-itarvation lo a dona/where workV íf a man will work, m.abimdant and^surer thaii in the over crowded mother of colonies. We live in a superfine age however, and must not get too optimistic. Let *us' consider nome hardships of the Buffering seeker for labor. The ship does not provide condensod milk for adults. When marmalade is served out plum jam is cruelly omitted.from the day's ration. Again passengers have to make their owu mustard from the Colman flour provided teem, and at the time of writing neither table napkin nor finger classeB are consider- ed essential either by the Boord of Trade or the charterers. The supply of spirituous liquors is controlled by the master, and cleanliness of person and surroundings is in- sisted on, besides you are expected to leam fire drtli and boot stations while on board. Jt will thus be seen that some little sacrifices ore expepted from those who «rolly round the standard of " Advance Australia.*' What would thB overage emigrant of 'the early, " fifties " haveisaid to both rooms 'for both ¿exes of the down trodden steerage, the doily hot roll or bread, and the high-class library we do not know. To «um np, quite apart from the faot of their propulsion by steam powsr, vessels of- the Angsrton class have completely laid the ghost of the " Iiard ahipsyof immigrants'" and people who fail baring, perhaps, a slight attack of sea-sick- ness, to have a " good time " on such a craft must be chronic victims of advanced liver complaint. Dull and tedious F Yes, decidedly, | "to thQ8evwao oan neither read, Bee, converse, i or think-who know not what morry laughter ' is, or where the reason, or the joke, for any 1 , morte) thing comes in.« All in vain for these, , the changeful moods of the sea, the golden glories of the.imnseta, the glimpses of strange maine, due, and still moro m vain the opportunities afforded of coming much from, contact with fellow-beings with differ- ent, aims and ideas from those oonsecratod by the great god self.' Bat an essay on the ad- vantages of travel a la the late Lord Bocon, is, not to my purpose. The Angerton left Loudon on the 6th August, and , arrived here on the 22nd Sep- tember, The leading detailB of the voyage will be fpund -further on. But uneventful as that record, reads, time did not pass two heavily on the passengers' hands. The Channel had not been left behind when owing tp the happy inauguration of Captain Mams and D'. Moloney, aided and abetted by Mr. Leng and the other officers, and os pecially by Mr. W. Willoughby of the West Australian Company, a series of open air concerto were given with marked success. It is true that the otter deck of the Angerton boasted not a Brinsmead groud, nor the singers fall orchestral aoooinpaniment. But the sadly sweet refrain of the classic "They're BO|b asleep," nor the vocal rendering of how Mr. Wilson fed his fathers live stock, with their " quack quacks " .and.baa's boa's, suf- fered little or nothing in conseqnence, the lattorç being always an encore. Regardless of the Ätlaptic and Indian Oceans/breezes the passengers " Marched through .Georgia" and with {¡he wife' fearing and belated coasting skipper earnestly entreated some" hearties " to ' .send the boats ashore."- The concert room was, to pat it mildly, very well ventilat- ed, and its acoustip properties werodefootive. This, powerer d;d[ not daanfc' the ladies, and bptb Mrs- Marshall in 'The Soldiers iGrave* and Mrs. Fears in Grand-mothers Old Arm Choir, delighted the audience. A most charm- ing piece of aoting was .by a little actress, . Editfco Reeves, in her «bai»oter,as Bessie ? Jar'ois and her mUtressrr-the mistress being 1 Mrs. Fears. Mr Willoughby, always to the tore, gave io grand style the five old naval ballad " The Gallant ArethuBo" and amused his audience by a capital re?-dering of the "Yarn of the Nancy i Brig," that droll conception Kif Mr. Gilberts, .of, how the " elderly naval man" proveí} himself to be *! The cook and the Captain bold, 'And the mate of the Nancy brig, 1 AndthebOB'in tight, and the miçlsbipmite, And the crew of the Captain's gig. Dr. Maloney was very happy in that St. James' Hallf avSrîte ^ath^C^&,ïynn,. Mr. Stonehewer Cooper in the peculiarly ." Ser- vice " ballen Swnw ï«0 yeaís" bid, bómmeno ing " Farewell and adieu all ye fair Spanish ladies " with, the " We'll «ant and we'll Roar " chorus, while Mr. Buanes, one tot the crew, yia.s vory effective m his rendering of many songs,, but specially m the Peasant Girl's Prayer. It is perhaps inoorrect to say there was no full band-waa there not Mr J. Dillon with his ntelodcon and did not ? he gaily woke the marine echoes with the "Gallant Hussar" and the song of tbot defiant "Minstrel Boy" who damaged*his harp ? "S^hen the moonlight bridged the deep with rays of burnished silver, he plaintively 'gave "Oft in the stiljy night" and then ruthlessly abandoning the dreamy post would refer to a certain politioal ¡question by (" "yVearin' of the Cfreeu." There was also a fiddle, and when Mr. Reilly strack up " When the "wind that shakes the barley," not even the " long wash of Australasian seas " »could 'Testrain the ardour of the experts in ,thô Irish jig, and right merrily they played ^heir feet, while the lazy Saxon looked ad miringly on«' and speculated op the large a. tnohnt oî "india rubber served oat by Dame Nature to her children. , !When gentlemen of the 'thorough'type Ukè ¡Messrs. Wjüloughby and Evans toke a thtiig m hand "it is almost a certainy to prove a great success, and so it was that ¿he Anger, 'ton athletic aporta were..worlihiflr^of much 'longer notice toan thèse columns con afford^ Viewed ftxtta the passengers' standard, hpw I tame werie thoBe-exhibitions at -fyne Bridge,, or éüailarperiórrnónoesjat the Temperotice, Festival at .'Newcastle Town Moor,!, Tlfej 'timeihpnonredifun'oï the sack and tjuree-íeg-, god,race'B (the shade « of 'human dignity was around the corner when these were invented) were thoroughly enjoyed. But the obstacles of the " Obstacle " race were surprised in- deed. Crawling through wiudaaiU genor* ously and even effusively provided, with flour, as a kind of lubricant after getting over ropes placed at awkward and forbidding heights waa part of the pastime, success, in which would, we should think, qualify anyone for being a gymnastic instructor or practical drain inspector. Messrs. W. Parr aad W. Smart were the victora. But the honorary ptmggle, and that which caused the wildest excitement, was between the doctor and the chief officer, the latter leading by an inch or so, but both managed to secure an equal quantity of bread-making material. There were, potato and spoon -raees,'races for men, wpmo» and .children» Competitors were numerous ond eager, and, Whether win-, ners or not, sound waa their sleep that night. Santa Clans managed to gat a free pbsaageby the Angerton, and through the instwmentai ity of Dr. Maloney made a welcome distribu- tion of sweets, and toys to the little ones-a sight good for kind eyes to witness.' - They overdid the thing, however, in what was colled the ."distribution" among the single men. Fierce raged the battle down the fore batch over the, toothsome goody, or the .-soul inspiring comfit, crushed was tbe tinibox^ out went the sweeties and few there were that I found them; - '? '? ' ' We hove mentioned a library. This. was put on board by the West Australian Land Company, .in charge of Mr. Willoughby* »who in foot throughout the voyage was unoeasing in his efforts to advance, the oo mfortjs of' the i passengers, a large majority of whom were proceeding to tlie.cçlony in connection 'with the company's sèryioe, , A plentiful supply of , illustrated newspapers, including o regular budget of the. ever popular Tit Bits, and some | of them with the books will form the necleus of a library for the company's employ»*« at Albany, . In this literary labour of love, > Mr. Willoughby was assisted by Mr. ßtopehewer' Cooper, a well-known London journalist and, author who may remain in Western-Austra- lia for some little time. Mr, Stonebewer Cooper's travels in Polynesia were given to ! the world in " Coral Lands " (Bentley), au exhaustive work originally in two volantes, and which has run through several editions. Besides other works on Fiji and the- Pacific Mt. Stouehewer Cooper's more recent books have been the Highlands of Cantabria (North* orn Spain) and the "Year Book of New Zealand "-both published by Messrs. Samp- son, Low & Co. A confirmed globe trotter, Mr. Cooper is no stranger to Australia, find Borne years ago visited this colony. ,-In this regard we' may mention, that Mr. Stouehewer, Copper , was the .cause of Bending Abd-el-Kader (Mr. James Curtis) as private xnessenger-to- TGeneral~<ïûrdon at Khartoum. The private despatches were duly delivered,; and Mr^ Cooper received the .special thanks of Miss »Gordon and others, but his friend and fellow traveller in the East, poor Cartis, was munderod in the Soudan. The letters by Abd-el-Koder were tbe only ones General received during the lost months of his beleagurement at Khartoum. Another passenger per Angerton, bat in a somewhat less, degree, has bad Ms name prominently before the English speaking public. " I refer to Sergt. Major Riley, RA.., already mentioned, who while engaged on ac- tivo Service in the- Honduras campaign of 1866-7 was bitten severely by the deadly cobra. lu these cases recovery is always re- garded as-hopeless, bat ia Ser£t; BlkyVcase^ which is well* known to the profession, a ser-' ieiB' of -masterly -operations including the' "plbetio one*' of removing flesh from the' forehead and BO forming au artificially con- ' strueted-nosB, were in the end*Bùccessfal and' the gallant -sufferer restored to hiB usual health, a living triumph of surgery. "The, great novelist, the late Charles DinkenS, wrote on artide^shoridyJieforeJùs death on Sergt. Rileys case in * All the Year Round.' I may at flo, distant; dote reproduce its «pa liont features here,for which'detail Tam in. debted to the Sergeant himself. It has been well said of states that they are truly blessed who hove no history, and it is a potent fact from^ the sensational and bîood-ouïdîing standpoint, little or nothing can be mane or the Voyage 'of the ¿Tioerion. But,, says the-home and colonial critic, " very gooch very comfortable, very instructive, very jolly, but in ¡my' younger days, when I wept o voyage, and it was '*in the gloaming1' and the soft lights, etc., etc. ; there was music in hearts as well, as the cadence of the sea. Life*« young dreanruid not in my time con* Bist of an eternal glorification of rations, .'«n the cleanliness of banks." Yee, we know all aboutit. Love doubtless bos ita viotories? I it has them aUthetimg., But the shadowy alcoves formedhy tile awning oft cannot be put(on the,witiiesB stand, and even the ¡Sajan River moonlight is ah open, and avowed con»* «piracy of silence witii its'twin brother of those nights near El Gran Canaria. Nature and inanimate objecte being useless to the journalist, whither sholl he turn for informa* tion3 for of -himself be kn*wetit nothing. To the passengers P Fool if he trusted them, for, wise in their generation, they would tell bim but little, and that little would bennet time. Tomato sauce WOB a damning item against Mr. Pickwick in his trial, and " our rantcakes wiihksssing crust", may yet become historical through the prosaic medium of the Angerton. Having, therefore, no history .to speak of, the course of the Anoerton in» her rapid and remarkably, smooth passage Bhottld have been blessed indeed, and if ¿he follow*1 ing -. documenta mean -anything ?. they allege tiiat fact ; but,they spake for themselves; *i$\\. To CAPTAIN' H. MAB&'ÏS, 'Ccann-Jtodêf; and officers *>f the eostAngèrton. ^ P . *l DEABifep,- ," '"'rt; , J J -'We, fine nndersigped, on behalf* of ¡the passengers per s.s. Angerton desire before separating at Fremantle to expresB our high \---'-?-'---Tiy sense of the courteous kindliness whieh has ao eminently distinguished yourself and officers on the voyage from London te this port ; and also to thank you sincerely for the faithful care with which yon have safeguarded the important interests intrusted to you. The grateful esteem in whioh yon are held by all of us will be in itself a pleasant recol- lection of our voyage with yon and we all hope that in the coarse of the long and useful life, which we pray God moy still be before you, yon may bear the foregoing in some little mind, as truly expressive of tbe thoughts of your passengers per Angerton on their arrivol in Western Australia. \- Your faithful «erv&ats.;' To Da. WILMAU MALONEY, M.R.C.S., <&C;, &o.;, B.s. Angerton? DEABSIK,-On behalf of the passengers per Angerton, before leaving on their various ways at Fremantle, we, the undersigned, have the greatest pleasure'in placing on reoord the high feeling of gratitude whioh, without ex. ception, pervades us all for your unvarying kindness and ceaseless devotion to us daring the voyage. These thanks bave especial'reference to < your thoughtful core of the women and chil- dren and for yonr skilful treatment of the poses which have been dealt with so success- fully by you. The enthusiasm-with widen you. inaugurated such amusomemefats OB have been possible with ua, and genorally the kind- ly spirit you have displayed under all circum- stances, will be ever fresh in our memories. It is animated by these feelings that we commend your, future to God's holy keeping ?and pray Him that it may be as you yourself wonld desire, useful, honourable, and" happy. Your faithful Servants The addresses Were formally presented to 'the captain and doctor at a public meeting of the passengers held on the poop. In a few well-chosen -words Mr. Willoughby stated the pleasant Object which brought them together, and Mr. Stoneiiewer Cooper read both doon ments'and'handed them tóCapt. Morris and Dr. Maloney, who responded in suitable terms -both gentlemen urging his hearers in their enthusiasm for the new never to forget their devotion to the old land which gove them birth. Mr. Laug then thanked oil present on behalf of the officers. Three hearty cheers were then given for the contain, dootor and officers, and an extra round for ever popular and prominent Mr. Crawford, the chief en- gineer. The ladies were not forgotten, inas- much as cheers Were heartily given for Mrs. Morris'and Mrs. Crawford, Vhije the' mrs, Maloney of the speedy future waa aleo hail, ed in regular British-style. Dr. Maloney is well known as being in the Colonial Bank at Melbourne for spme.yesra, but that sphere of live he did not find to spit him, and he groduatedat Melbourne Uhiver sity. ^Prdoeedingto London; he was"atfcookefl to St Mary's Hospital, where he bold every i appointment that could be held by a student, I ending np with she responsible position of house surgeon in* charge of the ' Obstetric Department. He also obtained the.appóint. mont of house surgeon of'the Look JTospttal, and other important positions. The ^Doctor lias been a great travoiieHh JSurope, notably in Spain, France, and Norway} and it is bis intention to nettle in Melbourne, whep.if we i sr« to judge of his tature by his sueaeas in" London.^t wül be brilliant Meed.' poftiy I before leaving ?England, Dr/M^oney received I »»letter from the 'great artv critic, Mr.",Jphfa Ruskin,«peaking'in' the, highest terms of a' new kind of décoration of 4 peculiar charac- ter» the invention of the Doctor, and which, save to a favored few, ia at" the présent a eecret.' * l ' ' LIST* OF PASSENOEBS. Frederick Beasley, John Barker, .James Buckley, John Cook, Mary1 Ann Cook, Law renee Conolly, Robert Cook,. John Carr, Edwin Cripps, Joseph Denton, Ann E. Denton, Emily A. Denton, Bernard Doyle, Annie Doyle, John Davis, Mary Davis, John Davis, Hannah DOVÍB,' William k Dayia, Michael Davis, John W." Dobson, Thomas Davison, Perdy Day, Sydney Day, Jeremiah Dillon, Michael Dijdpn, Jeremiah Driscoll. William Tears, Edith Teare, Benjamin Croat, William Greene, Thbm'as Heushtan, Johanna Heffernan, Patrick Heffernan, Charlea H. Hertel, BOBO H. Hertel, Reginald % Hertel. Annie Howard, Edward Hantonï Thomas Hauten, William Harris, David Hutohinaon, Job. Hal], George Harding, Michael, .Kerr, Samuel Longford, Prisellla'l.ongford, Thomas 'Longford, Jane Longford, 'Edwin,Lone, Kate 'Lañó, John Murphy, Kate Murphy, Nono Murphy^EUen Murphy, Inlid Murphy, Bridget Murphy, Charles Marshall, Ellen M. Marshall, Lilly Marshall, Florence E. Marshall, Charles J, Marshall, George T.'MU^Dennis Monaghan, Steel Meeké,' Michael MoElligott, James ' Maher,'J John Marshall, Xuke Moore, Daniel Morrisey, Robert Nicholson^ 'Christopher Osborn, William Parr, Patrick Quirk, William Reeve, Sarah Beeve, Henriette Reeve, Edith Reeve,1 Edward1 'Reilly, John Reilly, Mathew Ryan, Henry'St. Russell,5 John Simpson, Caroline Simpson', Matthew Southern, Isabella 'Southern. Maty A. Southern, Ada J. Southern, JameB R/ Southern; Robert R'.'Stockpott, ^lary J.' Stockport, George Smarjb, Thomas Scully, Thomas Scott, George Thomas, Eliza- beth Thomas, Richard Thomas, .Mary A. Thomas, Charles Thomas, George Thomas, Willi&a;í Thomas, Francis Thomas', ¿vftutetn . ' Tamk.. JoÜa Williame, Mattha^Willtafais',' « ' David'Williame, Join Wil8Dá,'Esther Wilson, ' §imouWílsos,Heibert Wilsen, ihnïly Wl'lsbn',. ' ' Edwátd C;WhaVtoD,J EU¿aWth HT.» Wharton,* Thomas' JohH/ WalClrB;BÖbe1it Vtp&f;¡keh*£y^QXi ^loBèth YpnriÄt * v * t , Tnplojloiring extracts from the ¿og »f tbe - Aftaerion, London to Fremantle, West Aus. traha, complete the history of the trip -. "August 6.-Gravesend, 215 p.m., pas» _ À Bengers oan» on board. At 3.50 p.m. pro- ceeded. At 10 p.m. pilot left off Dover. August 7.-9.22 a.m., passed St. Catherines Point, fine weather. August 8.-4.22 am., U-tkant. Light breeee and fine weather. August ¡9.-9 a.m. to 3.30 p m. Thick to¿. Etgmea half speed, 1 p.m. to 3 30 p.m. August 10 -2.30 to 4 30 a m. Thick îog. Day ends with fteBh breezes1 and fine'clear' weather, August li and 12.-Freah breezes and fine weather ; square Bails carried. August 13.--At Las Palmos. Canary Islande. [Spanish colony, population of capital, 18,000. Fine markets atídCatheirol and breakwater; coohinexl muob exported from here. Fruit of all aorte, maize, and the grape flourinh in the valleys of these volcanic islands, originally inhabited by a powerful and larg« race of pastoral people called Qsanöhe«, who were cruelly1 conquered and ' exterminated by the SpaniodS about 1520. Larg« oaves containing the bone« of these unhoppy.people ara Jcnowp ;to¡exist.] Took in oool from balks of Messrs. Blandy A Co. Port Darwin, in harbor: Arrived at Las t P-dmas 8.15 a.m, proceeded at 6 p.m. ; sqaarosaila. » ' August 14.-Fair weather. Passed Port Darwin for Sydney., , 4 August 15.-Course S.16 Weat. Fresh N.E trade winds and high following seo ; all possible Bail carried. August 16 and 17.-Moderate brocees and fine ; engmea stopped 23 minutes. August l8.-Squally looking weather; high head seo. , August 19.-Strong Southerly winds; heavy'head Soo i ship labouring heavily. August 20.-~T.Wtod SE. Course 3.28.E. Strang head winds and moderate Sea. August 21 to 25.-Winds .SÄE. and S.E.S. Conrae S.7.E.; fair weather; S.B, swell. Crossed thalia« 2ipt August. August 26,<~Wind S.S.È.l Passed St. Heleno at 7.52* m., similar weather. Ausrast 27.--<-Strong trade winds with sqaaue at times ; moderate head sea. 1 Angaafc 28.-Course S.41.E. Wind still S.E.S. Moderate gale and heavy cross sea ; these 24 hears ship labouring heavily. Sept 4.-Wind E.N.E. Coarse S65.E. Strong winds increasing to a gob?, heavy head seo. , Sept. 12-S.W. by S, .Course East. Latitude 41.26. Longitude 65.14. E. Strong jwind« and olbhdy overoast weather. StifOng / S.W. ata. Ship rolling heavily. T ¡Sept. 18,T-VarioU8 winds. Coarse East. \- Moderate winda and oreroastj sea moderat- ing. Latitude 4Ï.'26. Longitude 70.40 East. Sept. ^'-Course N.65.E. jLotitpde 32.2?. Lctngitade 10.23. 'Enginefe slowed I hour «uä'25muiateB. LongoB^distenpe, run September U, 281 miles. , i i . i - -"I ? II J i i II H 1 I 