? SCENES IN THE SENATE. By the Flaneur. THE OPENING DAT. Quince— 'Is all our company here.' Bottom — ' You were best to call them] generally, man by man, according to the scrip.' The actors are at hand : and by their show You shall know all that you are like to know. —Midsummer-Night's Dream. ' Once more to the breach, dear friends/' were the words our own great Harry might have ad dressed to the 114 patriots who recently assembled to open the first Session of the 13th Parliament of this favoured land. Or, perhaps it would have ibeen more in keeping with the farcical nature of the arrangements had he played clown to the pantaloon of Abigail, turned a flip-flap, and let off the good old pantomime welcome of 'Here we are again — how are you ?' More than ordinary interest was attached to this opening. Poli ticians of every age and sex rolled up to grace the occasion, and with praiseworthy con sideration a half -holiday was granted to our noble army of Civil servants in order that they might be able to gaze on the illustrious men who ruled them, and improve their minds with cheap cigars and whiskey. Bursting with importance, the new members, or goslings, as the facetious Melville termed them, were first on the scene, and for an hour or so they had a busy time falling over each other and getting in every one's way in their wild endeavours to set to work and do or die for their bleeding country. The old ganders, on the con trary, moved along like a blackfellow's funeral, neither too fast nor too slow ; the prize beau of the lot being the Macleay Cupid, who looked as brilliant as a comet that had been newly scrubbed and had its tail done up in pink papers. The usual dreary swearing-in business was relieved by a sort of Eichard III. ghost scene in which such members as had been jumped upon of late by the Premier reminded him as they took the oath at his holy hands that they'd settle up in full with him before long. ' Let me sit heavy on thy soul this session ' was the awful remark of Messrs. Dibbs, Melville, and the rest, but their enemy silenced their chat by a stern command to kiss the book and clear out. Mr. Abbott having sworn himself in, the intelligent and high-foreheaded audience^ filled as they were with patriotic emotions, and cologne, and other refreshments, sat up ^and raned their necks to catch a good view of the coming struggle. During the brief intermission that followed it was noticed that although the Premier was outwardly as cool as the.centre seed of a cucumber, he was evidently more anxious in his internal department than he cared to show. Like a good poker player, however, h-? had determined to carry everything with a ' high hand,' but he knew the slippery disposition of some of his generals, and wisely kept his ' heagle heye' upon them. Some little alarm was also caused by Mr. Abigail having run a splinter into his hand while scratching his head, and more unpleasantness was caused by Mr. Toohey remarking to no one in particular that the French had a deuced good proverb to the effect that ' a city had better be burnt to ashes than submit to the rule of an upstart vagabond,' upon which three or four Ministerialists declared they'd never drink another glass of colonial beer as long the breath of life was in them, except at some one else's expense. Mr. Minister Inglis was telling Mr. Minister Koberts that the dazzling scene be fore them reminded him of the great banquet which the Eajah of Bringabagoflouralong gave in honour of his (Mr. Inglis) having shot thirty seven Bengal tigers one morning before breakfast, when the signal was given to clear the decks and prepare for action. Mr. Burdekin was the Ministerial gladiator chosen to start the fight, which he did by moving that Mr. J. H. Young (who is something in the egg-and-butter end of the city) be appointed Speaker in place of our beloved Barton, who had gone to a higher, if not a better world — the Upper House. Instead of helping his friend's cause along by sound reasoning, or even high toned praise, Mr. Burdekin took the extraordinary course of apologizing for Mr. Young, and it is thought by some that if he had spoken a little longer Mr. Dibbs's election would have been secured. In a Master Slender vein he seemed to suggest that if Mr. Young had no great qualifications for the billet just then, Heaven might decrease it upon better acquaintance. His strong point, however, lay in the fact that for the first two years of Mr. Young's Parliamentary life he had never opened his mouth, except in the refresh ment room, and ' without making himself per sonally obnoxious he (Mr. Young) had been much respected by adversaries and friends.' How a man could become respected by making himself personally obnoxious was not explained ; but by way of a parting crusher the East Sydney cham pion added that if Mr. Young were elected all he had to do was to keep his eye on the late Speaker, and he'd pull him through all his troubles. Mr. Penzer, a new member of 10 minutes' standing, seconded the motion on the very satisfactory ground that he knew several hon. members who had heard from various other hon. members thai divers other hon. members had declared Mr. Young was the proper man to select, and that, of course, was enough for him or any other gosling to go on. Mr. H. Clarke proposed Mr. Dibbs, and Mr. See observed that he didn't see why the fact of Mr. Dibbs having proved himself to be a duffer as Colonel Secretary was any reason why he shouldn't make a first-class Speaker. Mr. M'Elhone, who seemed very fit after his recent spell ' on grass,' then endeavoured to thrust the greatness on Mr. Slattery ; but that gentleman declared he strained himself so badly endeavouring to hold up the dignity of the House with his head on previous occasions that he'd rather be King of Bulgaria* or judge at a baby show, or fill any other position of like danger than accept the Speakership again. Mr. J. H. Young then struck the floor, and once more drew the attention of the House to the re markable talent for silence with which he had been endowed. For two solid years he had played the role of Mr. Voiceless Vote, and he felt con fident that he had done the State as much service then as when he had, in after years, endangered the safety of our lovely harbour by conflagration through the effects of his burning eloquence. The chief duties of a Speaker seemed to him to be to sit in the Chair, draw his salary punctually, and keep a tight rein on Mudgee Taylor. He ventured to think he could sit as long and make as big a hole where he sat as any hon. member present, and he felt sure that if stonewall firmness and good sound judgment were required he was the very man to fill the situation. Mr. Dibbs then assumed the perpendicular, and said if he had a fault at all it lay in his excessive modesty, and his bashful and retiring disposi tion. (Roars of laughter.) He was not going to toot his own horn, as Mr. Young did ; for he held that ' nothing so becomes a man as modest stillness and humility.' (Sir Henry Parkes — ' Hear, hear ; that's me all over.') At the same time, however, he (Mr. Dibbs) would like to gently hint that for courtesy, coolness, sweet ness and light, and a general knowledge of the Speaker's duties, the equal of Mr. G. E. Dibbs couldn't be found in this or any othe r world we know of, and he would guarantee to rule the House in a style that would reflect credit on the country and himself. Mr. M'Elhone here remarked that Mr. Dibbs would never get the chance, and that he wasn't fit to rule a soup kitchen. Mr. Dibbs retorted that he was. He could rule fifty soup kitchens, and make his own soup too, and he could get testimonials from all the leading members of the Full- wages-and-no-work Brigade of the unemployed to prove his statement. The House then polled, and the Silent Speaker, Mr. Young, was elected by 14 votes. This was claimed as first blood for the Ministerialists, but as Sir 'Enry sorrowfully remarked to his dear Garrett — ' Two Cadmsean victories like that, Tom, will be as bad as one downright licking.' From the start it was very evident that that hatful of politics, Mr. Melville, had arrived at the conclusion that there was only one man in the House thoroughly competent to face the present crisis and cave in its head, and that one man was the hon. Mr. Melville. Eather unfortunately for this opinion, however, he was badly taken down on two occasions. With his usual modesty he endeavoured to jump the Opposition leader's seat, but Mr. Garvan promptly cracked him on his thumb- nails before he had a chance to do any damage. His next ambitious attempt was to take a fall out of Mr. Abigail, whom he taunted with backing out of a bet made touching the nature of his opinions on Protection. Frawncis was on his guard, however, and quietly asked what was the amount of the bet ? ' .£25,' replied the unsuspecting Ninny. Then Francis countered and said — 'After certain wheel-greasing revelations, .£25 is rather a dangerous sum for Mr. Melville to talk about.' All that we heard from tbe Northumberland hero after that was a wish that his grave might be kept green, and then Mr. Calvinisticspiritual istic-atheistic Walker led him out and soaked his head in syrup, and explained that although a proper amount of curiosity is commendable, stilly when 'a man squeezes a hornet to find out which end holds the stinger, he generally learns a great deal more than he required to know. Judging from the style that some of the gos lings are shaping there appears to be a deal of good raw material amongst them, and it is to be hoped they will not allow themselves to be stamped to death by the ruthless feet of the wily old gan ders. The chief fault of the youngsters seems to be that they draw out the thread of their verbosity finer than the staple of their argument. One Neild is sufficient for any Senate, and if a man can't strike oil in 15 minutes he ought to haul off: his plant and give up boring altogether. On the whole we are likely to have a particularly lively session. The Miniatry (which is Parkes, pure and simple) has led off with a couple of most egregious blunders, and the style that the champion light-weight, Mr. O'Mara, bashed the Premier aud his Land Minister round the ring a few nights ago clearly proved that the Opposition is far stronger than the Government boxers reckoned. Sir 'Enry will find himself in a tight place ere long, I fear, for he might as well try to wash Mount Vesuvius with Condy's fluid in the hopes of preventing an eruption as to check the withering fire of some of the Opposition sharp shooters with the Billingsgate abuse, which now seems to be his most trusted, if not his only weapon. 