Australian Tales and Adventures. So. 15. A STRANGE STORY. By E. P. WHITWOETH. The etory I am about to rciato is a strange one. Is it true? I do not know. Judged from tha stand point of every day experience, I Bhould say that it ia impossible that it could have happened, and yet, rrmrvriloufly and totally unaccountable as it seems and 'is to me, I cannot but believe it to bo popitively I and absolutely a fact. It is one of those j things which cannot ba explained, and which will not be explained nwav. Wo live our visible life, as it were, p&E;=ing over a narrow bridge lying between t-.vo ira rner.ecrable gulfp, that bthind ua being the irrevocable past, nnd that before, the in pcrntabia future. Wiat these gulh contain, what ia called tha unseen world, whether anything or noibing, taDgiblo or intEspible, ccienco tejla us nothing about. Do, then, tho disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. Let my story tell -what I think, and cannot bnt believe. Many, very many years ago, when I was a young man, littlo more than a youth in fact, ! just come from Kngland to Brek my fortune j in thia fair land of Australia, I had made up I my mind to become what was the summit of I so many ambitions, a squatter. I must toll j you therewere two of us, myself and my j cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father'B eister. Ho was of nbout the Eame cge as my self, and I waa deeply attached to him, as he was to me. 'We had been at school and col lego together, and I mention thia latter to I show that we were both tolerably well cdu- i cated, and therefpro not likely to be imbued ' with the superstition nnd fanciful credulity tbat so often go hand in hand with ignor ance. As I havo Baid, we were deeply attached to each other, a case of Damon and Pythias, or Orestea and PyladeB, or, better Etill, of David and Jonathan. ! We had enmo out in tha same ship, Bnd j had vowed never to separate, but to etick together through good and ill. Wo had heard j and read in England of the free wild life of the cattle kings, of the boundless-plains, and breezy downs, nnd grassy glens of the land ol the Southern Croas, p.nci onr hearts swelled high with hope that we too, some day, Ehould become, aa they were, lords of the soil. But to become fquattera, it was necessary for us to know Fometbmg abont squatting. We were fairly well provided with funds, and had some Rood lettera of intrceustion. and acting on the advice of a gentleman who had known_ Jim's father, wo determined, before venturing iuto a buEineca of which we, hnew nothing, to go, for a time, on n station, anil gain colonial experience. Sheep vre wouH have nothing to do with. The life on s. thoc-p j run did not Buit our ideas. H waa too tame a kind of thing for U3. It lacked the ?pice of I romanoa attendant upon cattle breeding. Thero_waa none of tho headlong gallopping through the crashing timber, and down etony defiles and ctepp gullies, the camping out be neath the giant gum trees in the solemn bueh, the oraoking stocliwhipB, the cabboge-tree hata, the blue shirts, the breeches and boots, and the other glories that render tha life of a Btockman bo desirable— on paper. Tfcereforo, on a cattle station would we go. There waa no great difficulty in tho matter. There were plenty of equators who would wilHnjjly take us on their rnna, and ' break ua in ' — for a conpiderntion, of course. Ons of these offers wo accepted. It waa on the station of a gentleman named Macgregor, a canny old Scotchman, which waa situated on the upper part of tho Gonlburn river in Vie. toria, and whioh embraced some Eeventy thouaand acreB of good open forest country, carrying about eight thouaand five hundred head of cattle. We went to work in right down earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly eay that we succeeded admirably. We were both toler ably good horsemen to begin with, and aa old Macgregor was a rigid and exact man, who would have hi3 work done thoroughly well, and aa we were anxioua to learn, wo, erelong, were turned out really good buehmep. So much so that after we had been with tho old gentleman a little over two years, he pro posed to ua thatwaahould take the Eole charge of thostation during avisitwhichhe proposed to lake to the old country. Nothingcould hava suited ua better. Young, ardent, our own maefors, with work (hat wa took a delight in, we jumped at the offer, and ere another mouth, ho had departed on his ; homo trip, and we were installed in the large comfortable houso of oar employer, practi cElly ' bosses ' ol the situation, and certainly, raocarchs of all we surveyed, for the nearest house was Carfrae'e, over the ranges soma twenty miles nway. Oarhouie. as we considered it, was s wooden structure, oJ maoy rooms, having a wide verandah round three tidis. It stood on the crown of a swelling down that formed the homo paddook, and that Eloped- away past a small creek that formed one of tha EQlaents oftheGoulburn, to tho foot of a range of hills about five miles away, nnd that shut in the view to the north. Through thia range, and exactly opposite the house, wr.a a dip or gorge, known locally as ' Maegr^gor's G*p,' &nd; be ing tho Eola rueana oi communication that exiEted between our peaceful valley and tha feverish world whose heart throbbed so fiercely outside. Most ot tho honse wasoloFed, for there were far more rooms than two bachelor's could possibly use We each had a bedroom, entered from tho front verandah, and cur common Bitting and dining room hy between the two, and was aa well our office, smoking-room, library, and muiio-room, for 3Ir. STaegregor had a good selection of boo!:e, and a eplen. did pianoforte and harp for the use of his two daughter, who had acoompanied, him home. Our household consisted solely of our two selves, Alec. P.iyne, the head stookman, who slept over lh-- stable?, an ugly and hot tempered old Scotchwoman named Meg, who cooked nnd did for ua generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at tho back of the houso, and who claimed to be distantly akin to the ' Maister,' and tyrannised over na accordingly, nnd a singularly handsome oollay ejut named Fiy, who located in spots, indifferently in miueor Jim'a bedroom, at her own sweet will and sovereign pleasure. The station hands had their huts at con siderable distances, snd wa rarely saw any of them, except when they came to the housa for rations, or on other business. Haloyon days, indeed, were those wo passed in tho pott, aweet Australian spring. Fishing in tho Goulburn, shooting in tbo hills, knnjja rooing on tho flats, with plenty of healthful oniployraent to keep us from rusting, who couldhavobconbappiertbnnJaokAileyne.thnt wao myaolf, and Jim Welsh, the managers and residents of the Gap Slntion. But our timo of unalloyed happiness was not to last. The Mucks took to spaariDB our cattle. Why thoy did it wo oould not tell, for wo had always treated tho faw who had shown up on tho run with tho utmost kindness. Whcro thoy camo from wa oould not conjec ture, for thero were practically none belong ing to our immediate neighbourhood. Nono, in fact, of Any account, ncarei ibnn tho WnrriRal tribes ot Gipptland. The/ werciferocious and ruitohiovom enough we know, bnt wo could not im'Rine that they would lenre their native haunia no far away ? ihe Eonthw.'vrd, and cross the all bat inac- ; co3sib!e faatneases of the main ran^o to dona i an iDJury. We could r.ot account for their presence, we could find, no reason for tbeir j acts, unless, imler.o'. they wero eomo wnnder- j ing_ tribe who had been badly n;ed by the ; white man GomoTFhere, and wero revenging ? themselves indiscriminately on friend and foe i alike. ! Bnt thera was the ncmislatable fact. We ; wero first made aware ol it by Alec, our hcrsd i stookman, riding up to the houee in hot hn=fa j one forenoon with tho intelligence. Ha had, I bo be informed, ns, been out to one of the cattle camps, and returning by the foot of the hill had cp.mij acroES blood marks on the grass. Following them up he had found the remainB of a young strawberry heifer, one of I our choicest jireed. The blnck3 had carried ' off some of thn flesh, and had left the rest to i tbehawka. Waa he sura it was tho blacks i who had done it ? Quite snrs. There waa i no mistake about that, for he had seen tbe [ mark of the specr thrustB. He had ridden up I to the house aa fast as ha eonld, to see what ! was to be done. j What was to be done? Ah 1 that was a posar. Find the marauding scoundrel?. Jn«t eo. ! But where to find them ? Where to look for j them? They were mile3 away, no doubt, | gone this way or that, who eonld tell 1 It was 1 our first experience with blacks, that ia to say j with mischievous ons?, and wa wera com pletely at n Ioe3 how to net in the emergency. Jim and I, calling Alec, to our conocelJ, eat up lota that night diecusainp; tha matter, nl thonRh with but HtU^result further than that we_ determined to keep a strict look ont for the thieves in future. We might as well have saved ourselves tho trouble. Do what we eonld, ride to nnd fro on the run, early and late, n3 we might, we never could come acro?s them. Had we had native trackers we mi^bt probably have found their trail, and hunted them off, for the blacks htivo n wonderful ina tiuct, snd a netnrsllove for thia bloodhound kind of work — it is strange, indeed, how tbe partially civilised aboriginal take3 a cruel deliRht in tracking and, it may ! be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even | those o! his own tribe, but bo it is — but we had no trackers, and were totally unacquainted with the baehcraft and tbe thousand and one Bhifts and tricks of these cunning denizens of the woods and wilds for concealing themBelvea and eluding pursuit. But of their presence we had ample proof, for hardly n day passed that we did not get raporU ot freah outrages. Not content with elauehterirjg gn occesiocai beset hi food, they had, &s; is their vront, taken to spearing our cittle indiscriminately, srjdfor aheerloTB ol bloodshed. Who could tell how soon they, treacherona and vindictive aB they were, would fly at higher game, and would take to killing human beings aa well ns cattle. At all: events we went continually armed, wo and the stockman too, wish revolvers, and ehould doubtless have given eood account of some of them, cpuld we bavt found them, which as I have said, we could cot. Then for a tima cume a cassation of hoEiiliiiea, aa it were. They seemed to have quitted onr psrt of the country for we had no further alarm;', and were ja=S beginning to congratulate ourselvea ia having got rid of our troablsEomo visitors, when almost siraul taneou=ly we heard of no fewer than three lice young hca3 ot catt!e bdsg found slaus.iilercd in widely different pirts of tbo run. Wa_T?Era at our mi's end, but clearly something rrTup' ba done, and at once. Thia kind of thing could not ba permitted to go on. But how to' prevent it ! ( Why tho wretches had elected to commit their depredations on our run, or whether they had extended them to other parts of the districS we did not know. Again we held p council of war, and again we felt ourselves powerlcs3 to cope with tha evil. Wo felt certain that tha blacks were about in force, but whether they were csmped in the dense bush that bordered oar run, or whsthcr, B3 was moat likely, they had their head quiTtere in the ragged mountain ranges so tbe north ward of u?, wa were unable to fay. It is r.a certain however that they were no't located on the run, aa, had they been, we should have' been sure to hava fallen in with the nmka oi their fires, if not with tbo ruins of their wurleya of branches of bark. Wo sat 1-ite in the night without having arrived st any settled plan of operations, fr.rthrr than that Jim Welsh had expressed hia determination to ride over to Carfrae'a tha following morn ing, and consult with our neighbour aa to what had best be done. Perhaps that waa tho best thing after all, for Sir. CarJi-ae had been a long time in tho colony, and misht reasonably be supposed to be better acquainted with tbe habits of tho Bavage tribes, and tho best method of dealing with thara thau we. Still, I felt a etrange, and altogether unaccountable repugnance to letting Jim go. A singular vague premonition of evil which would not asaame any tangible shape and whioh eluded my mental gri=p at the same tims as it would not bo laughed away. After an early breakfast, Jim saddled hia horse, and prepr^ed for a Btart, ridiculing my groundless fears and Bttempta to induce him not to venture. His argument reaa unanswer able ' Our plain duty is clear,' ha Eaid, ' wo havo already lost tomcthing like a Ecsro of our prima cattle, we have been totally unablo to put stop to tho mischief, and unless wo take Eoma decided step thera is no telling what the result will be.' I cculd not contradict this, of coaras, and oould only advise him to be careful, and to keep a3 muoh as possible in open country. ' Never fear,' ho replied cheerfully, ' I am well armed, and the black scoundrels have too wholesome a terror of tbo white man'a thunder and lightning to venture within cooey of me.' Notwithstanding thia, it was with a sinking at ray heart that I saw him tighten hia girths, vault into the saddle, and canter gaily over the graEsy stretch of (he homo paddock in the direction of tbo gap. I watched him until he was out of sight, shading my eyes with my hand, from the bright rays of tho morning sun, and then I turned into tha housa with sornothing like a sigh, determined to drive away my uneasy tboughta by writing long letters home. In vain, the inspiration would not coma. I blundered and bungled through my eorroa pondeuce for two hours or more, and then gave it up in disgust. I waa ever haunted by tho shadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like tho ' Dwellers on tho Threshold' of which we read, I had no dia tinct comprehension, but whioh was, nono tha less, thero. It was a olear warm day, tho sileneo was almost oppressive, and by-and- byo, lulled by tho faint but ever proaent hum of tha bush, I fell into a light but troubled Blumbsr. My dreams, it dreams thoy could be called were, Bjruy waking thoughts had boon, ' without form and void,' yet dimly shadowered by a presentiment of impending ill. I know not how long I Blept, but all at once I was roused from my unrest, by a long, loud, halt howl, half wail of a dog, ao weird, so in expressibly sad, that it eecmed to turn my very blood to ice. I awoke with a Btart, and went out at the open door. As I stepped out upon tha verandah, Fly, our collie dog camo whining and crouching to my feat, and crouched tremblingly behind mo, as if in mortal terror. At tho same moment tny oyca were blasted with a now Gorgon. Coming slowly up tho path, not twenty yards from me, and gliding rather than walking, wasa/nn.-t, tho form of my cousin, Jim Welsh, whom I had seen, start for Cartrae'a soino houra before. Palo to Hvidncsn, nbadowy, ethereal, with a look ol paiu on his crsUhilo handsome tsc?, jvud a crimson blotch ot blood welling trom a' deep g?shin hia breast. I stood na it turned to marble, powerless to mow, powerless to speak, powerless, almost, to think. Was 1 still dreaming? No. Thera ha waa, plainly palpablo before me. I felt my eyes dilate. I felt my hsir stiffen on my head. I felt my heart throb as if it woolii burst, and still all I could do xai to gaze entranced and; spell-bound iu silent, nameless horror. My breath cime ireS and thick, and bs it eame nearer and atill nearer, with a supreme effort I gasped rather than spoke ' Jim'.' The form waved itB hand in tbe direction ot the gsp, a smile Bpread over tho anguished countenance, and then it slowly melted into air. W&3 I then mad? No, no, a thousand timca no, although it waa surely enough to havo driven ma eo. I waa as sane as I am now. What it was, or whether it wae, I did not. I do nol speculate. I only know that I Eaw it. I tell $oa I saw it. For a time I stood inca pable of motion or reasonable thought. Then o*m9 tho reaction. With a hoarEC, harsh halt laugh, half eob, I bounded forward to where ii had Btcod. There was nothing, I might have known that. I did know it. I ran round to the stable, haatily saddled a -'' horas, snatched up my revolver, mounted, and ha'.lttES, coatlesi, as I was, gallopped down the horns paddock. Where waa I going ? I hardly knew. I had bnt one feelinp. one idea, that'o! bitter vengeance on the perpatratora of this foul deed, for thftt a fool deed had been dona I knew only too well. ihtaded for the rocky blnffj that formed the Gip, and bathed, in perapir&'.ion, and with; the hot fire of hatred at my heart, eped Rcro=B the intervening down. Did I think oi danger, of death perhsp3, to mynelf? No, EiTOnje I Bivange I Sooa I reached' the Gap. All still, all silant. The grim walla hsrnffied me in on either hand, but told me nothing. Deeper and deeper into the gloomy df fi'.e I passed, deeper and deeper still, but nothing. Not a sight, not a sound save the clatter and ring of 'my hors2'3 iron Bhod hoofs over tha rough boulders. I dbrnonnted, and slowly led my hor»s over the r ggc-d track for it -was nn sate to ride. More diemal, more wildly aoli tsry grew the scene, a quarter ot a mils, half a mile, a mile, and taen— At last. There ho lay. Yes, there he lay. All there waa left of him. Of my friend, of dear, true hearted, handsome Jim. Dead! Dezt 1 Alaa I Aiaa 1 D;ad 1 Dead 1 Killed by a Epaar thrust, treacherously hurled from behind a rock, as he was rioinp;, or probably leading his horae, thrcugVi tho defile. A spear thrust which entering hia back, had coma out at hi3 breast, and had cleft his hoart in' .twain. There, at my feet, on his back, with a smile on his pallid Iip3, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyes, aa if in mockery cf my unuUer&ble; woe. r Dolfeel Ehame in Baying that tho leaia ' fall hot and fast from my eye3 upon that cold face, tbat my ki=£es «-ero impressed on tbat lifeless hand, which had never before mat mino Eave in tha warm grip of friendship? Not I. A man a'aeds tes.rs but seldom, but when he does, they are, as it were, tears of blood. How long I stood looking wiatfully into ihs face of my dead friend I know noS. I fclS my heart throb alnioat to breaking. I ids my brain whirl into dim unconscionanfess, and then, kind heaven sent relief to roy ovrr ciiirRod feelings. The grim defile, the buih beyond, It at my feet, Eeemed to swim round me. All earthly things were blotted oat, and ~I fell forward in a swoon, aa3 all n-as-5arir_. Bat tha awakening, oh ! tbe awaVerii^. But tbe awakening, oh! the awakening. I found myeelf lying on a couch ia tha front room of our housa. I awoks as it might bs after a heavy Elesp and I knew not where I was. For a time I lay only p3rtial!y con Ecioas, yet still entirely conscious of sscing forma I knew around me. Alec. Payne, Doctor Eae from the township, and a female with a face strange to mo, stood round my bed. I l.iy, dimly trying to gather up tha tsngled threads of memory, which seemed to have - ': been woven into a kind of inextriosble cori- / fusion. I tried to r&isa; my hand, and it fell ; | back on the counterpane, Eeemingly a3 bes7y' aa lead. And then, I spoke, or rather, as it Baerned to me, somaor.e'eU-e appeared to speak . .my thought, so weak End gapping wsa tha : voice. 'Where am I?' I asked. ' Thank God,' ejaculated tha Doctor, ' the worst ia over. Mind and memory are return ing.' ' For a time Hay still, trying to think of tbe meaning of what he aaid, and then, 83 ia an instant, the tide flowed. It bU eamo back to me. All, all. The mjsterions visitant, Ibe gloomy gorge, the dead body of my friend at my feet. I had as they told me, bean foand lying Bcros3 tho corpeo of Jim in the gsp, found by Alec. Payne, vrho bad from a distance geen rn= galloping wildly in that direction, and wbo, suspecting something wa3 wrong- had followed on foot. I had been ill, very ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violent brain fever, for day3\ ever einee, but, thank God, tho danger was past. As for the appari thn I had seen, Dr. Kae discoursed learnedly on psychology and mne'red matters, proved, to his own satisfaction, doubtless — tliai at the time I Eaw it, or was supposed to have seen it, I was under the influence of incipient brain fever, induced by worry and work and . thj trouble consequent on tha ravagaa made on our stock by the blacks. He per=uaded ma tbat it was all fancy, imagination, the out come of a heat oppressed brain, all tho rest of it, by which Bcientiats try to explain the un explainable. PerhapB he was right. I do not know, ? common Eensa would tell .ma that he -waa right, and that it waa only in my own dis turbed brain and mind that fatal vision had - been. That is, no doubt, a sufficiently lucid explanation, but for all that, I say, aa Shake Epeare says 'There are more things in Heaven and earth Horatio Than ever you dieamt of in your philosophy.' I say with regard to the spirit or ghost, or ?? - what you will, of poor murdered Jin Welsh, my cousin, and my heart's friend, aa I hava Eaid before — I saw it, Tho decipherers of the papyri which have been broiu-ht to Vienna from El Fayoum, hava learned from one ol them the existence o! a town in lower Egypt, all traca of which ? Ecems to hsva disappeared for tha last 1,200 .-. y;ar?. The document is a pspyras, a liltla ? o-er 4(t. long by l?t. wide, containing a mar riage contract in Greek, and ia well preserved. Tbo date is not given, but'Profeesors Kara bacok and Weaseley believe it belongs to ths eatly part of tho Bixth century. Tho bride groom was named Thcon, the bride Jfaria. S'iq had a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold piece3, and tha future husband en gases to find for her food and clothing, and everything suitablo for .'? an ordinary legiti mate wite.' Thera are witnesses and a noiarial certificate. AU the parties are i'a Beribsd aa belonging to tho town of Justinn opolis. The editors declare that thoy can find no mention of this place among any lists ol tho towns, etc., ol Lower Egypt. Forty varieties of rice are grown in Bur mah, tho latent additions to tho ^territories ot Great Britain. Tnesa tango in buo from whito to black. Burmah aUo produces many other kinds cf edible grains, ono of whioh is known as Job's Tesra. AcoordiDR to Pr. Thomas Mooro thi3 grata deiivea its nsrao from tho largo, round, shining fruit it bears, in which cmi bo traced toma resemblance to tents. It occu-3 in Japan aa well &« tha Asiatio continent. 