The new Parliament meets to-day after its short recess for the transaction of business, and it is expected that the Government will i-e prepared to fullv explain its policy. An inadequate policy on the part of the Downer ad ministration contributed to its over throw. That was the weak point, in the estimation of the Hon. Thos. Play ford, and it is not too much for the public to expect him, now that he has the opportunity, to bring forward a better one. On the occasion of the no-confidence debate the Playford party did not indicate in the faintest way the course they intended to pursue. Their supporters took them simply on trust, and the Downer administration went to the wall. No one can yet tell whether the change will be advan tageous or otherwise. We expect to be placed in a better position to-day, for if the Government has not a dis tinct policy to submit it may be pre sumed that it is incompetent. We have a far better opinion of Mr. Play ford's abilities than that, however, although we are not particularly enamoured with the make-up of the Ministry, and it is to be hoped for the sake of the country that the Premier will be able to-day to submit a pro gramme showing that the Government is competent not only to grasp the situation but to so deal with it as to extricate the country from its financial difficulty. The Treasurer, having tbe returns of the revenue and expenditure for tbe quarter and year just ended before him, will be in a position to give an approximate statement of the ways and means for the year on which we have entered. We are pre pared to hear that increased taxation will have to be resorted to ; but any Ministry, however incompetent, could say that so many thousand pounds must be obtained from that source in order to bring the income up to the expenditure. That is not what the country wants, but the expenditure brought down to the income. Of course, the large deficit has to be grappled with, but we do not think any Government would dream of wip ing it off by other than a special effort, such as selling Grown lands. The state of the colony is not so bad as to necessitate the imposition of heavier burdens on the taxpayers ; and we be lieve that a system of economy will be a leading line in the Ministerial policy. It is a fact now generally admitted that the working expenses of the civil service are excessive, and that in tbe education department an enormous sum of money is thrown away annually. Why should this be tolerated longer ? Is it because Ministers are reluctant to use the broom in their respective de partments? Their first duty is to their country, and they are liberally paid to do the work. It is certainly an invidious task to weed out from the civil service all men who can be done without, and cut down the salaries of those who are over paid, but it has to be done sooner or later, and cannot always be shirked. Want of fore thought on the part of our legislators has been tbe sole cause of the deficit. Some years ago when the land revenue came rolling in at the rate of half a million sterling per annum no thought was given to the future, and tbe money was spent as fast as it was received, economy being a thing then undreamt of. The whole country is now suffer ing from this lack of statesmanship exhibited by our representatives, and for which there was no excuse, as every one knew that our arable land was restricted in area, and that tbe revenue from that source must one of these fine days suddenly fail. The system of economy undertaken by the Downer administration was not a suc cess, simply because it began at tbe wrong end. The salaries of low-paid officials were docked, while those who were in receipt of high salaries were passed by. The billets of many are mere sinecures, and yet the pay attached to them is liberal. It is a crying shame that with tbe country in its present condition tbe representa tives of the people should deliberately make up their minds to vote money out of the public funds to pay them selves wages. Somehow we revert to the)payment-of-membersquestion pretty often, but we make no apology for so doing. The principle of payment we bold to be wrong, and to initiate it at a time when the colony is so financially low detracts from the disinterested spirit of the people's representatives. We trust that the Government will not place payment of members on its programme. Taking the present Par liament as a whole, we do not think it an improvement on previous Parlia ments, but it has the task before it of pulling the colony out of its financial difficulties, and tbe people are waiting to see how it will shape. The regulations with reference to the spe cial cheap return tickets issued on tbe railways to persons visitiag the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition are not considered satis factory by many country people. No doubt the matter has been carefully considered by the authorities with the view of affording special facilities to the public. It was essential that something of the kind should be done to induce people to travel by rail and at the same time increase the takings of the lines. It is not to be supposed that any arrangement could satisfy all parties ; but when the Commissioner of Public Works is appealed to to rectifya defect — and especially when no loss would be sustained by the department thereby— a reply like that lately given by Mr. Catt to the senior member for Stanley cannot be regarded as satisfactory. Our readers will remember that a meeting was held at Miotaro on the 23rd ult., when the following resolutions were passed : — ' That this meeting consi ders that the regulations with reference to the special cheap tickets issused on the rail ways do not meet tbe requirements of the general public, and inflict great hardships and unnecessary expense upon them through their not being allowed to break the journey ;' and ' that the Commissioner of Railways be respectfully requested to alter the regulations with reference to tbe special cheap tickets so that persons from the country districts visiting the Exhibition may be allowed to break the journey.' These Mr. E. W. Hawker submitted to the Commissioner, and in advocating the claims of his constituents he simply expressed the wish of country residents generally. Mr. Oatt, however, did not take a very broad view of the situation, and said he could not agree to allow all persons to break their journey, but in cases where people were not travelling on business they would be allowed to do so on application to the Traffic Manager. This is almost tantamount to a refusal, for such a thing would necessitate a vast amount of correspondence, delay, and uncertainty, and also place the applicants in the position of being recipients of a special favor. Mr. Catt's views on the question of railway management do not appear so liberal as they were some years ago. When addressing the electors of Stanley in the Town Hall, Clare, in 1881, he said :— ' Be would seek to make tbe railways of tbe colony what they ought to be — a conve nience to the public — and any one at all familiar with the working of the present system must admit that there was room for improvement. If they were to compete in the world's markets they must place their producing interests on the most favorable footing as far as securing them cheap and speady transit to the port of shipment, and while there had been an improvement of late there was room for still further conces sions in that respect. He sometimes thought that their railways must have been made for the officials rather than the general public when these matters had come under his notice. Why should they be compelled to wait at Adelaide or any other station until five minutes or so before the train started and then submit to be crushed be tween a railing and the officer or against a small pigeonhole of a window to get their tickets ? What was there to prevent the sale of tickets at any hour of tbe day for any of the trains ? And why should they be compelled to travel say from Hallett or any other station right through to town on the same day or forfeit their tickets P Passengers were allowed to stop at any intermediate station in that much maligned colony of Victoria, which, if they believed all that their papers said about it, was going to the dogs fast. Even in that colony one could take a ticket at Melbourne say for Echuca, and with that same ticket could stay a day or two at Sunbury, Kyne ton, Sandhurst, or an; other towD en route, only providing Echuca was reached before the seventh day from the date of issue of the ticket.' Well, passengers can now ob tain tickets in bulk, available for any time ; aud with single end ordinary return ticket3 they can also break their journey, and we know of no sound reason why they should not do eo with excursion and special ticket?. Tae Government seems apprehensive (hat tbe revenue would suffer by business men making use of the railways only when ex cursion feres were announced ; but we have little fear on that score, as commercial men, we believe, mostly indulge in the luxury of periodical tickets — at any rate when they have much travelling to do. Cheep fares always create traffic, and it is more than probable that the annual revenue would be augmented if excursionists were allowed to break their journey, and it would i educe people to go into the country and examine it, and stop at the different towns on the way- ? Mxxitaey Intelligence,— Lieutenant Smith, the officer commanding the Blyth Company, has handed us the following for publication. His men were not in Adelaide at the time, but he himself was there, being attached to the Hammond Company : — 'G.O. No. 93, June 30, 1887. The Brigadier-Generrl Commandant wishes to express his satisfaction at the manner in which tbe two companies ' A,' Moonta, and ' B,' Hammond, of the Vol. M. Infantry, acquitted themselves on the occasion of their being brought to Adelaide for tbe military demonstration of the 21st instant. This was the first appearance of such troops on a public occasion in South Australia, find oilicers and men well earned the praise be stowed upon them by the public. The weather was most trying for botb men and horses, but the inconvenience due to it when in camp was borne, as a whole, most cheerfully by 'Ifie inenT^norwnaoutTid' effects to the horses. The result shows how useful an addition the Vol. Mounted In fantry will be to the forces of tbe colony. The material for such a force, both in men and horses, in the country districts is of a hardy and excellent description nor in case of emergency would there be any difficulty in assembling it for the defence of the capi tal if necesBarv. ' A' Company marched from Moonta to Adelaide, some 110 miles, in about 36 hours, while the ' B' Company (horses and men) was brought down from Hammond, over 200 irilea from Adelaide, in less than 18 hours, during the pressure of work on the railway lines (due to public holiday and to the difficulty of giving suffi ciently long notice to the railway depart ment). Acertain delay and inconvenience en sued in the carriage of a portion of the horses, as the requisition of the military de partment could not be thoroughly carried out, but this is a difficulty which it is hoped will be overcome in the future. Officers commanding will please explain to their men how important it is for this purpose that the exact number of horses for which carriage is required should be furnished to the Staff-Adjutant if possible 10 days at least before the carriage is required. The Brigadier-General Commandant hopes in the course of the next three months to be able to arrange for the Mounted Infantry being brought to Adelaide for a review and field day. The Commandant is sure that the other companies will in such case emu late ' A1 and ' B' Companies in their appear ance and bearing, and show by Boldierly conduct in overcoming small inconveniences and difficulties how valuable a force they will prove to their country. By order, (signed) J. H. Learmouth, Capt., Staff Adjutant Mounted Branches.' Vital Statistics. — The registrar re ports having registered the following births and deaths during the month of June for the district of Clare :— Births, 62 (41 male and 21 female) ; deaths, 22 (16 male and 6 female). Registered at Clare— rBirths, 6 ; deaths, 2. Vital Statistics. — The births registered at Auburn during the month of June num ber 14 (9 male and 5 female), and 1 death (male). Revenue Retcens. — The following is an approximate statement of the quarter's reveuue ended June 30 : — Customs duties, £99,179; probate and succession duties, £6,798; stamp duties, £9,061; land and income tax, £91,338; licenses (business), £12,027; Chinese poll tax, £110 ; marine, £4,127 ; education, £6,764 ; Postal, Telegraph, &c;, services, £456,84; rail ways and tramways, £137,009; water works, £25,453 ; reimbureements-in-aid, £8,351 ; fines, fees, and forfeitures, £9,129; interest and exchange, £30,699; sales of Government property, £298; Bents — Ordinary, £215; Real Property Act Assurance Fund, £1,020; miscellaneous receipts, £4,502; land sales, £13,417; rents, licenses, &c;, Crown lands ; £21,260; total revenue, £526,450. The June quarter of last year brought in £521,834, so that the last three months has an advantage of £4,616 over the June quarter of 1886. However, for tbe year ended June 30 of last year the returns showed £2,279,038, as against £1,864,273 for the present financial year. Thus we have drifted to the bad to tbe tune of £414,765. The Baro8Sa GoLD-FiELDS.--The cor respondent of the Gawler journal writes : — 'The good claims I believe have been turning out their usual average. One hole was bottomed about a week ago, and half an ounce was taken off the bottom, and good gold has been obtained since. Another party washed three loads of headings for about four ounces and a half. The headings were four feet in thickness. They told me the yield was very regular. . The ground that is taken up will not be worked out this 'winter. There is a party out prospect in j on another nart of Mr. Sim's land. The sinking is very hard, and they expect to bottom about Wednesday or Thursday. There are many miners waiting anxiously to know the result.' Belief Committee.— A meeting of the Clare Relief Committee was held in tbe Town Hall Chambers on Thursday after noon last, there being present tbe Mayor, Bev. R. B. Webb, and Messrs. Davies, Farrar, Stacy, Lloyd, and Kent. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. Messrs. Stacy and Davies pre eented the balance-*heet of the Jubilee demonstration, which was passed. The Mayor reported haviug given Mrs. Cruick ghnuk and. Mrs. Newman each a half-ton of firewood, and to tore. Ellen don a half blanket and a rug or quilt for her bed. It was proposed and carried unanimously that all present at that meeting be a Committee for the distribution of the funds till the end of the year. Mr. J. Christison, J.P., was elected President and Mr. R. Kent secretary of the Clare Victoria Relief Society, and it was resolved that they sign cheques for the Committee. The following accounts were passed for payment :— Firewood, 12s ; blanket and rug, 10a 6d ; advertising, 4s ; total, £1 6s 6d. It wea resolved that the meetings of the Committee be held fort nightly, the nest on the 19th instant, at the Town Hell, at 4 p.m., and that any person rt quiring assistance should make application at such meetings in person, or through a member of the Committee. Rar.fall. — Since our last issue the weather at intervals has been showery, and up to Monday morning tbe gauge measured 0.290 inch. Clark Young Men's Society. — A very interesting meeting was held on Thursday laet in the society's room, Mr. F. W. Smith occupying tbe chair. The programme con sisted of an essay on ' Ghosts' and a ' Mesmeric Seance' by Messrs. Scott and Esau, and a lot of valuable information on both subjects was given. The mesmerist succeeded in getting two subjects under his control, and considerable amusement was created by their singing, reciting, &c.; Next Thursday the new quarter commences witb elocution and impromptus. Cablb News. — The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — Signor Crispi, Minister for the Interior in the Italian Ministry, is at present in Eng land. He has had several interviews with the Marquis of Salisbury, and states that England and Italy are perfectly in accord ia upholding the Convention with Turkey relative to the evacuation of Egypt in three years, or later should circumstances necessi tate reoccupation. — The Russian Govern ment has been for some time past exten flivAlv fortifying tt^ towns and strategic points in the Baltic provinces contiguous to the territory of Germany. Much comment has been occasioned by this among the Ger man people and PreBs, and an angry feeling now prevails, the sentiments generally ex pressed being antagonistic to Russia. — Sir James Fergusson, tinder-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, stated in the House of Commons in answer to a Question that. although strenuous efforts bad been made by the British Foreign Office to accelerate the course of negotiations with France re* lative to the occupation of the New Hebrides, yet all efforts to accomplish thiB object had hitherto failed. Her Majesty's Government hoped, however, that the with drawal of the French troops now on the islands would be arranged shortly. — The third reading of the Crimes Bill (Ireland) in the House of Commons has been fixed for Tuesday next, and it is anticipated that there will be a full House on that day. Mr. Gladstone has given notice that he will move that the Bill be rejected. — Most of the agricultural districts of the United Kingdom are now suffering from drought owing to the effects of the continued hot dry weather and parching dry winds. Com plaints are worst in the North of England, where eome of the farmers have even had to sell numbers of their live stock at a great sacrifice owing to the scarcity of feed. The crops of roots and fruits are also suffering most severely. — In a race at Worchester on the Blackstone Canal, Mass., U.S., Bubear, the champion of England, easily defeated Teneyck, the American sculler. Legislative Ooitncil Election. — To- morrow (Wednesday) the election will take place for one member for the Legislative Council for the Northern Division, which takes in Wallaroo, Stanley, Yorke'e Penin sula, Gladstone, Frome. Newcastle and Flinders. It will thus be seen that the division is a large one, extending as far ae tbe Northers Territory. The candidates are — Messre. Andrew Teunant, Jas. Malcolm, and W. Copley. The latter gentlemen did not address tbe Clare electors. The interest manifested in the contest is not great. Mr. Tennant, however, commands most atten tion in the town. Mb. T. Ashby's Whbat. — Mr. ABhby, of Stanley Flat, has left at our office a sample of his Lion Defiance wheat taken from the bag now in the Adelaide Exhibi tion. The grain is really prime, being of uniform size and of a beautiful golden hue. Mr. Ashby is to be congratulated for his energy in taking the time and trouble to secure such high-quality wheat. AtJBimN Rainfall.— The following is the rainfall registered at the Auburn tele graph station during the months named for the. past five years, in inches : — 1883\. 1884. 1885. 1886. 1887 Jan. .. 0.115 1.730 0.610 1.540 0.130 Feb .. 0.890 0.000 1.750 0.040 0.370 March.. 0.900 1.820 0.640 0.070 0.620 April .. 1.320 1.650 0.640 1.270 1.630 May .. 6.370 3.626 1.690 1.470 1.910 June .. 2.780 5.300 3.000 0.450 5.460 July .. 4.110 0.420 1.640 1.690 Aug. .. 3.320 1.886 2.640 4.000 Sept. .. 2.200 3.3C0 2.060 1.730 Oct. .. 1.330 1.810 1.980 2.570 Nov. .. 1.030 1.290 0.230 1.280 Dec. .. 0.720 2.020 1.670 0.750 24.08524.890 18.450 16.860 10.920 PaOBATES AND LeTTEHS OP ADMINIS tbaxton. — The following have been granted : — Probates — John Evans, of Good wood, £40.; William Toms, Strathalbyn, £1,300; John Varley, Kapunda, £5,600; Joseph Grundy, Rapid Bay, £30,000 (double probate) ; J, A. Hoidsn, Semaphore, £900. Letters of Administration — Eliza- beth Carr, Mount Gambier, £451 ; O. G. von der Dippe, Uraidla, £10; Philip Cocking, of Adelaide, £300 ; Wm. Branson,. Tarlee, £1,000; P. F. Bodeker, Hackney, £400. The Sotjth Australian Sheabees' Union. — Mr. J. R. Ives, secretary of the above union, visited Clare on Thursday evening last, and convened a meeting at the Stanley Hotel, where he addressed between 30 and 40 shearers and non- shearers. He explained- the conditions and aim of the society, remarking that the union in Vic toria, New South Wales, and New Zealand was 14,000 strong, and that the South Australian Union, which was a branch of that of Victoria, totalled between 2,000 and 3,000 men, and was a decided success, ±ne society was formed principally for the shearers to obtain 20s a hundred, and to see that proper accommodation was provided them. A shearer had often to pay £2 to get into a shed, but by joining tbe union that difficulty would be obviated. In aujwer to questions Mr. Ives stated that (be shearers would be paid their paeeege from where they met the party, as it would be maoifully unjust to the squatter to ask him to pay from every man's home. For in stance, if a Clare shearer met a party at FarrelFs Flat bis expenses would be paid from there. If a man could not shear on an average 60 sheep on full days — fiom sunrise to sunset — tbe union would reject him as a member. Two learners would be allowed on each board, but they would not be recognised us members of the union. When a shed was complete tbe shearers would form themselves into a Committee, with a president at their head, to ventilate grievances and report them to tbe oveieeer of the station. Mr. Ives said he had been informed that some two years ago a club had been formed in Clare, and that it was tbe wish of the members to hand orer any surplus mouey to the union, as in case of a strike it would come in very handy. — Mr. P. P. Gillen, who had acted as secretary, said a club had been formed. Only one meeting had been held, and although he had not received tbe money there was, he beliered, a balance in band of £6 17a 0d. — Mr. J. Tobin, the treasurer, said that the amount was correct. — The matter then dropped. After a few members had been enrolled it was decided to form a branch union in Clare, when the following officers were elected: — President, Mr. W. Prater; Committee, Messrs. W. Bowley, D. Mc Askill, — McKinnon, and R. McAskill; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. P. P. Gillen. No S-dccbbsob to bb Appointed to the Late Mb. J. Vablki, S.M.— We (Herald) have it on the best possible authority that (he Ministry has decided not to appoint a successor to the late Mr. J. Variey, S.M., as Stipendiary Magistrate at Kapunda. Economy is the reason for thia determination. The district which the late Mr. Varley presided over will be attended to by the nearest Special Magieistratefl in neighboring districts. It is quite possible the number of Special Mmrint»ift» tfaroHr*' out the colony' may bePreduced, it being affirmed that the business done does not — ' justify the continuance of the present staff. Meeting at Halbub*. — A public meeting was held at Halbury on Thursdav. June 30, to consider various local matters. The meeting being hastily convened the attendance was only moderate. Several apologies were received from persons fox non-attendance. The following resolutions were carried unanimously : — Proposed by Mr. Parker, and seconded by Mr. Moreland — ' That a permanent supply of water is re* quired at Halbury for residents in the locality as well as for the public generally, travellers, and travelling stock, and that the best means of supplying it would be by means of a standpipe oh the park lands, opposite the platform, the supply being obtained from a spring in the hills, each consumer paying for what he uses.' Pro- posed by Mr. Gehan, and seconded by Mr. F. Lindner—' That the railway yard should be levelled and coated with rubble, traffic being often suspended, especially by an accumulation of water 80 yards by 7 in a depression, directly in front of the aiding, and on the only line of traffic.' Proposed by Mr. Martin, and seconded by Mr. A. Lindner — ' That further platform ac- commodation is required if the produce of the neighborhood is to be sent from this platform, and in connection with this a shelter shed is indispensable, as sick people, women, and children have frequently to re- main for hours upon a stretch of open plain exposed to all weathers, and parcels are in- jured by such exposure.' Proposed by Mr. A. Huckel, and seconded by Mr. C. Lindner — ' That a polling place for Wooroora be granted at Halbury, there being about 100 electors within a radius of three miles who have to travel a long distance to record their votes.' The Chairman (Mr. H. D. Jones) was authorised to send a copy of the resolutions to the members for Wooroora, requesting them to bring them under the notice of the Government, and to support them. Train Alteration.— Intending travel lers should note the advertisement in another column calling attention to impor tant alterations in the time-table pf the Northern line of railway, Clabb District Council Elections. — The elections to fill the vacancies in the Sevenhills and Penwortham Wards of the above Council took place on Monday, July 4\. The candidates were— Sevenhills Warfl — Messrs. Martin Kenny, John Ninnes, A. Ragless, and W. A. Robins. Penwortham Ward- — Messrs. Joseph Ninnes, Michael Ruciak, and John Trestrail. Mr. G.Lloyd, the returning- officer, declared the poll, as follows : — Sevenhills Ward — Martin Kenny, 28; W. A.Robins, 22; John Ninnes, 1; . Alfred Ragless, 1 ; informal, 6 ; number voted, 68. Penwortham Ward— M. Ruciak, 14; Joseph Ninnes, 13; John Trestrail, 12; number voted, 39. 