Here and There. BY "JAPONICA." There was quite a field day on Thursday last in the Penrith Court House. No less than seven "Worships" sat on the Bench, and three solicitors made matters lively, and drew their fees and were happy. It is an unhappy state of things when neighbours cannot reside on their separate farms with out quarrelling and going to law. A man who carelessly allows his pigs and cattle to stray about to the annoyance of his neigh bours should live on an island by himself. There is nothing more provoking than other people's cattle poking about a place destroy ing property. This kind ot thing has caused more trouble perhaps than anything one could mention. The man who is careless of his own stock straying upon others is generally the first to kick up a fuss or shoot his neighbours things if they should come upon his. #### It is simply astounding the amount of con flicting evidence taken in almost any case in Court. In a case of trespass and damages by pigs, brought before the Bench on Tues day last, quite a number of witnesses gave evidence in a most striking manner, and when the order was given "All witnesses in this case must leave the Court," no less than nine sturdy farmers went out. They came in one by one and gave evidence in a manner so peculiar that left no doubt in the minds of every disinterested person that the whole thing was cooked and dished splendidly. #### How is it lawyers have such privileges in Court? Three of them sat at the table on Tuesday last, during the hearing of some cases in which they were not retained for, and they chatted and laughed so that one could scarcely hear a word the witnesses were saying. If any one else only sneezes some of the police shout "silence" in a com manding voice, and old " Brusher " looks as fierce as a bandicoot. #### Constable Davis brought before the Court a few days back something done up in rags, which he described as a drunk and disorderly woman. He should,have labelled her "Woman," so as people would know it. She was indeed a sad picture, made up of bones, skins, sores, and rags. He discovered her on Church Hill, and thought she was a scarecrow put there to frighten the ghosts. He surrounded her eventually, and captured her without bloodshed. He had three charges against her, and one was for ob scenity. The Bench dismissed two of the charges, but sent her to Parramatta to be washed every morning for a month. They require more police protection at St. Marys, a lone policeman is not safe with such des perate characters. This old hag, covered with sores and dirt, was once a bright inno cent girl — somebody's darling, no doubt, Alas, what a transformation ! #### Gersbach v. Roberts was the principal case in the Small Debts Court on Tuesday. It is a pity when men in ordinary dealings cannot understand that what is morally right should be in all cases legally right. That the defendant in this case was morally bound to pay tho plaintiff for work justly done is plain to every one who heard the particulars of the case. It would have been money in the defendant's pocket if he had paid the broker without tho assistance of a lawyer. #### So they are going to have horse races at St. Marys once more. This will be a change and a treat to those who like that kind of sport. Fancy, they had races there annually some years ago, and often two days of it. This was in the days of George Matthews — since his timo no ono has como forward to fill his place. It is wonderful what one man can sometimes do in a district. 