FICTION. From English, American, and oilier Periodical». FAITHFUL TO THE END. CHAPTER XVIII. THEY WEBB NOT ALONE, AS THET/ BELIEVED-A PANTING, QUIVERING FIGURE, HIDDEN BT THE VE1VET CURTAIN. SEES AND HEARS ALI,. " Perchance if we lui! never met, I had been «pared this vain regret; And yet I could not bear the |iain 01 never set iug thee again " Again, the dark shadow of death spread its dark wing over the Chester mansion. The servants moved about silently and with bated breath. Rutledge and the doctor watched unceasingly at her bedside. Everyone else, save the faithful old housekeeper and nurse/were carefully excluded. " My sei vices are of no avail, except to mak« the sufferer a little more comfortable," the doctor 6aid, frankly. '* She can last but a little while longer." Dead her body was already, so far as power to move was concerned ; but her mind was apparently unimpaired, and expressed itself in the agonised expression of her face and the entreating, beseech- ing, se&red;, troubled look of the dim eyes that never for a moment left the face of heridolised son, as though there was something she was constantly and vainly trying to communicate to him. " You have something to say to me, mother," he said at length. " Would to Heaven you could tell mp what it is !" Oh, how hard the Ups tried to articulate; but they only quivered convulsively, and gave forth a little moaning sound. But in the lighting up of the eagar eyes, which grew larger and brighter, Rutledge thought he read an answer to what he bad said-that she had something on her mind which she was vainly trying to communicate to bim. As death drew nearer the »agony of the expression in the eyes that never left Rutledge's face, and seemed at times to almost leap from their sockets in horror, deepened. What was troubling his mother so, forcing out great drops of perspiration about her lips and her forehead, making her ghastly face pitiful to behold. Rutledge felt sometimes, as if he would go mad, sitting by her coach, with those wild eyes watching "bun so intently, that, if he moved away for a moment, they called him back by their strange power, and compelled him to look straight into their depths, where the unspeakable trouble lay struggling to free itself. "Mother," he said again, "you wish to tell mo something, and you cannot. Perhaps I can guess what it is ; at least I can try. If you answer my question in the affirmative, turn your eyes to the portrait of father hanging over the mantel j if you mean no, look into my face as you are looking now. s Do you understand ?" : There was a wan shadow of a joyous smile on the white haggard face. Quick as thought the dying eyes turned to the portrait, which was a token of assent. He knew his mother comprehended. " Is that which you have on your mind concern- ing father ?" he asked. " No." For the steady gaze of the burning eyes never left his face. " About property ?" he questioned. Still the mournful gaze was rivited on his face. It was not that. " Is it concerning me, mother ?" he asked, earnestly. 0 Quick as a flash of lightning, the dilated eyes travelled to the portrait on the wall. Ah, yes ! What she wished to say concerned himself. In vain he mentioned everything in the range of his thoughts. Evidently he had not yet discovered what it was. He could not bear the unspeakable agony of those eyes as question after question was answered by that silent "No." " Is it something connected with any paper in your private safe, mother ?" he asked, at length, in despair, never dreaming that it was. To his un speakable astonishment the eyes travelled quickly to the portrait. " If that is the ease," he said, delighted to have touched the subject that was troubling her at last, " I will bring each and every paper I find in your safe to your bedside," and I shall soon discover which document it is that you wish me to see or read, and we shall soon decide what can be done about it:" The eyes fairly danced now. He could see the pupils dilate and the color deepen in them, as though what he bad proposed doing relieved her mind infinitely. Rutledge arose hurriedly and walked over to the safe, which stood in the curtained alcove, and in a moment more returned with every paper he touud in it. One by one he laid them before her, until the very last paper was reaohed. Something like horrible despair shone in the wild eyes raised to his own. He went to the safe and made another careful search, to see that no document had slipped behind the trays.. There is no other paper in the safe, mother," be said, returning to the bedside. " Are you sure tbe document you wished me to see was put in tbe aafe ?" The eyes fairly leaped from their sockets to the portrait with an emphatic "yes," while great drops of agony rolled like rain drops dow» the ghastly cheeks. " If you are sure you put the paper there, there . is but one conclusion to arrive at." he said. " Some one must have removed it who kaew of it, and was interested in it." Of course, Rutledge had his father in bis thoughts as he spoke. He was not prepared for the terrible and sudden change that came over MB mother. The horrible shock was too much for her. " Oh God. that the thought muet remain unbroken, And the horrible secret remain unspoken, By the swift ¡¡ntl subtle seal of death." With one mighty gasp, the sou) was suddenly rent from its tenement of clny. She fell back upon the pillow-dead, \- We will draw a veil, dear reader, over the scenes that followed during the next fortnight. j Mrs. Chester was laid to rest in the marble tomb j of the Chesters, and the terrible revelation she bad j ' tried to make was buried with. her. j ' It may as well be stated here that the contents of that fatal letter had not been made known to the senator because Nella Sefton had deBired it so. Only Heaven could have told how the dying woman regretted, on her death-bed, that she had not made H confidant of her husband, that he, in turn, might have warned her idolised, handsome son of the fatal barrier that lay between him and beautiful, hapless TJldene, the girl-bride, whom fate had decreed must never love for she must never marry. During those hours Rutledge Chester sat by his mother's couch, ho had imagined himself alone with her; but such was not the case. He was never ALONE with her. Behind the velvet hangings of the bed crouched a girlish figure, who listened with bated breath, to every word that foil so musically from Rutledge Chester's lips. It was TJldene-his trido. She knew what paper the dying mother longed so ardently to place in her son's hands. Uldene kuew, too, that, he would not find the paper Mark Sefton's letter-in the safe ; for at that mo- ment it was hidden in her own bosom, againBt her own wildly throbbing heart. The situation was cruel. But in the hour of Mrs. Chester's death, TJldene cried out, in the secrecy of her own room, " that Heaven had spared her. If Rutledge's mother had been given the power of speech, ehewould have divulged all, and that would have separated her from Rutledge forever." " I will take him far away from hero," she told herself-" so far away that Mark and Nella Sefton can never find bira, to write him of the heavy curse that was predicted to fall upon my head on my eighteenth birthday. And he shall never know, and we will be happy. Yes, my great love will win like love from him in time, and earth can hold no greater heaven for me than that." In the fortnight of bustle and confusion that passed, Rutledge Chester had seen but little of Verlie. He know that she avoided bim whenever it was possible He was thankful for that; for in those dark, dri'ai y houis he c mid not have resisted finding consolation t- ith ht-r, und breathing to her how lonely and dos ilute ho « is, had she been near At the end of the foi tnight Yei lie said good-bye to them, and started for howe. She was glad to creep back to the lonely old light-house, as the storm- driven swallow is glad to seek its nest under the eaves. She came suddenly, unexpectedly, and unherald- ed, upon Mark and Nella, as they sat before the roaring wood fire one chilly spring evening. They did not hear the grating of the little boat as it touched the sand, for the thundering, continuous wash of the waves outside. Someone glided like a ghost across the floor ; a slender form slipped down on her knees before them and a piteous, sad, young voice breathed out sob bingly, as two great, blue-bells of eyes, swimming with tears, were raised to her mother's face : " Mother ! father ! your Verlie has come back to you !" Both sprang to. their feet with joyous cries, but almost in the same breath they called for TJldene. ' " Bring the lass in, Nella !" cried the cheery old light-house keeper. " No doubt she is outside the door, waiting to play some prank upon us, bless her pretty, roguish face ! " Come in, Uldene, lass !" he roared, thumping his cane, while Nella flew to do his bidding. But Verlie called her back. " She is not there mother," she haid, gently. " TJldene will never come to us again. She is a great lady now. Did you not receive the letter which she said she wrote to you, telling you that she had married Senator Chester's son Rutledge ?" " Married !" shrieked Nella Sefton, springing to her feet in the wildest agitation, while Mark grew pale as death. " My God ! have I heard aright, child ? did you say Uldene-had-married ?'' " Yes, mamma," said Verlie, raising her blue eyes in wonder to her mother's frightened face. " I said she had married Rutledge Chester." CHAPTER XIX. " SHE HAS WRECKED MY LIFE !" The startling announcement of the marriage of beautiful TJldene, over whose head such an appal- ling, mysterious shadow hung, filled the old light- house keeper and his wife with the greatest dismay and terror. They could not pardon themselves for their want of forethought in allowing this fatally lovely, ill. ' starred young girl, who had been left so strangely in their keeping, to visit at the magnificent home ' of the1 Chesters, where she would be brought in contact with the haughty, handsome son. Long and earnestly Mark Sefton and Nella talked the matter over, sitting by their cheerful wood fire long after Verlio had retired to rest. It was evident that Mrs. Chester had not divul- ged the fatal story, that daikened Uldene's life so pitifully, to her son, or that marriage would never have been solemnized-ah, never ! It would have parted them-torn them asunder as completely as though one of them lay in the grave. The question they discussed so earnestly was, should they reveal all to TJldene or not? Why destroy the brightness of her gay young life by warning her of the doom her dying mother had foretold, and thus break the heart of the last daughter of a fated race ? No, no, they could not-they would not. Warn- ings were of little avail now; the marriage had taken place, they were joined together for weal or woe while their lives lasted. It would be kinder by far not to reveal it to TJldene. It was past midnight when the light-house keeper's wife took miamgUb wncu UUO iigui-jiuuae ÄCepcjl » WHO bunn. up her candle to seek her couch. Ah ! how good it seemed to the fond mother to have her darling child beneath the old home-roof once again. As she was passing Verlie's room she paused a moment. WBB it a sobbing ery or a moan that fell upon her startled ear ? She pushed the door open softly and entered. The moon's rays, clear and bright, shone through the uncurtained window, bathing the pretty little chamber under the eaves in a flood of silvery light. It threw a tender, subdued glow upon the slender figure lying upon the couch. The lovely curls were tossed about the white pillow like a glistening vail of gold, and the little white hands were clenched tightly together. As Mrs. Sefton bent over her, the girl's lips .parted in a quivering sigh, and she murmured, pathetically : "Oh, mother, mother! I am so weary of life now ; the future is all dark. I loved Rutledge Chester eo. Life is a living death to me with- out his love. Uldene, with her fatally beautiful face, came between us. Oh ! there was a time when he loved «te best. I knew it. I felt it in my heart. God pity me ! Uldene has wrecked my life.'" The words trailed off in a piteous sob, and the sleeper tossed restlessly to and fro on her pillow. Like one turned to stone Nella Sefton had lis- tened. She did not cry out, even though what she iad discovered was the bitterest, most grievous shock she had ever experienced. Pressing her j liands tightly over her heart, she groped her way from the room. The fair moonlight seemed to have been suddenly blotted out, and the room to have grown daik and chill. All the long hours of the night she naver slept-her eyes never closed. The pitiful secret of Verlie's love for the haughty, handsome man who had wedded dark-eyed Uldene troubled her heart BOrely ; and a half-mad wish that she had never aided Mark in saving that child from the fury of the wild waves that never to-be-forgotten night in the past-to break her own child's heart in the after years. She knew that Verlie would rather die than reveal the pitiful secret which lay like a stone on her young heart. She was one of the kind who endure and suffer in silence. In the days that followed even Mark noticed how IIÍB idolised child was failing. " What do you suppose is the matter with Verlie, mother?" the honest old light-house keeper asked at length. "The lass creeps about the house like a shadow ; she is scarcely more than a ghost of her former self. Wo never hear her gay laugh, like the rippling murmur of a mountain brook, about the house. She never smiles now, and more than once when I have come in upon her unexpectedly, I have found her |in tears. Do you think the lass ia grieving her life out at being separated from Uldene, and because-since Uldene married the millionaire's son-she never deigns to write us ?" " It would have been better for her if her path and Uldenc's had never crossed," she cried out, so bitterly that the old light-house keeper looked up into her face aghast. " Why do you say that wife ?" he asked. But Nella turned away with a tearless sob and would vouchsafe him no answer. It was breaking her heart to watch her darling fade like a storm blasted flower before her very eyes. She realised something must be done, and at once, Verlie must have change of scene and gay companions to win her over to forgetfulness. Mrs. Sefton never dreamed of the turbulent depths of love that lay beneath the calm exterior of this girl's heart. She could never forget the dark, haughty, handsome face of Rutledge Chester ; waking or sleeping it was always before her. In the hour of death his name would be on her lips. At this critical juncture a strange event happen- ed that changed the current of Mark Sefton's hitherto uneventful life. Years before, by the death of an older brother, Mark Sefton had become the possessor of a narrow strip of land in one of the wildest and most rugged portions of California. In vain Mark had endeavoured to sell it ; no one could bo found who Tould take the barren waste off his hands at even half the low price he had offered it at ; so, in despair, at last Mark ceased his attempts of trying to dispose of it, and for long years the strip of land was given up to neglect and riotous weeds. One day the following brief " Personal" met Mark's eyes in one of the New York papers that had by chance found its way to isolated Black-Tor light-house : " A valuable vein of ore has been discovered upon land-(said to belong to Mr. Sefton)-in E county, California. Parties having adjoining claims would like to negotiate with him as to purchase of same, through their attorneys, Messrs. Harris & Whitney, - Broadway, New York." The honest old light-house keeper held the paper off at arm's length and gazed at it in great astonish- ment. " Ore found in that strip of wild land !" be grasped. " It can't be possible ! He lost no time in writing the attorneys men- tioned, one of whom came down in person in re- sponse, offering the old light-house keeper such a fabulous price for the bit of wild, rugged land that it fairly staggered nim. And Mark, who had fought a relentless battle with stern poverty alibis life long-who had known what privation and even want meant, and who had been worried times innumerable as to how he should make both ends meet from his slender in- come-suddenly found himself a wealthy man. " I shall never leave the old light-house. Nella," he declared. " I have spent the best years of my life here tending the light in the tower that guides the mariners on their way, and here I shall spend the rest. I could never live away from the sight and sound of the great, restless sea." " You forget the duty we owe to our child," said Nella, softly. " Think what an isolated, lonely home this would be for Verlie to spend the best and brightest years of her young life in. The sound of the sea, which is music to you, is horrible in its monotony to her. Age prefers quiet, youth gaiety. " You ask me why Verlie has changed so of late, I and I answer you : She misses the brilliant life she led while visiting at the home of the Chesters." These words had more weight with Mark than all she had said previously. There was no sacrifice he would not have made for Verlie's sake. When the subject was broached to Verlie the girl drew back with a bitter cry. Go out into the hard, cold world in which she had met him and learned to love him ? Ah, no, she could never do it. I' " It is not natural for a young girl to like an isolated life," persisted her mother, smoothing back tbo shining golden curls from the white lovely face. " You must take your place in the world as your father's heiress. You shall have balls and parties coaches and horses, silks and jewels-all that the feminine heart holds dear-to win you back to happiness, Verlie," she said wistfully. " Poor mamma !" sobbed the girl, flinging he white arms around her mother's neck, " what makes you think I am not happy now ?" Nella was strongly tempted to answer : " Because I know your secret, my poor darling. I know that your heart is withering from unrequited love, as the flowers wither for the want of dew ;" but she held her peace. ' In the gay, bright world, BO full of noble men, Nella hoped that her darling might, in time, over- come the fancy she had entertained for handsome Rutledge Chester, and learn to care for another, who wou?d make her a good and true husband. It was settled at length that they should remove to Virginia ; and in the early spring they took possession of the beautiful villa that had been purchased in the suburbs of Richmond ; and that was the beginning, dear reader, of a most pitiful tragedy. CHAPTER XX. ULDENE TURNED AND MET THE FIXED GAZE OP THE STRANGER BENT UPON HEE. We must return now to Uldene. Four months bad elapsed since that weird mid- night marriage. The week following Mrs. Chester's death, Rutledge had taken Uldene away from the desolate mansion, and it was closed up to await the orders of the absent senator. Two months of that time Rutledge and his bride had spent abroad. Then they had returned to Washington, taking up-the thread of life at the gay capital. No one could have been kinder, more considerate, more thoughtful in his treatment of his young wife, khan Rutledge Chester was. He btudied her wishes and met them almost be- j fore she had time to declare them. She never expressed either a hope or desire before him, but that it was at once, as far as lay in his power, gratified. PerhapB a sincere lover might not bave studied her so much. It was the very consciousness that she had not the love of his heart which made him so entirely devoted to her, through pity's Bake. That was the way their wedded life commenced. But he was only human. He could not withstand the clasp of those lovely white arms around bis neck the velvety cheek pressed close to his, and those wondrous dark eyes gazing at him so fondly, while the rosebud lips murmured how dearly she loved him, without his heart warming toward her. Uldene's great, passionate, wonderful love gradu- ally won from him love in return. Praises of her peerless beauty were on every lip, and it pleased Rutledgs's vanity to know that of the whole world she cared only for him. Uldene became the reigning belle of the gay capital. Fashionable papers described her movements-told of the balls she attended, and the operas she heard -and people raved about her. The dark piquant Southern face won tribute from poet and artist. She waB so popular in the social world that people would even delay balls and parties in order to secure her attendance. Her dream was realised. The world lay at her feet. No one enjoyed her success or gloried in her triumph moro than Rutledge Chester. Ho saw that she cared for no admiration but his. She never#wished to attend the most fashionable fêtes unless he was with her. At any time she was only too happy to give up ball or party to spend a quiet evening with him. " Ah, this was something worth living for, to be loved like this," he often thought to himself. He told himself, too, that his love for golden-haired Verlie had faded into a sweet, broken dream, and that now his' heart was in truth beautifnl Uldene's, who loved him so devotedly. The world saw with wonder this devoted and most unfashionable attachment of the young bride to her husband. " No good can come from loving a man so much as that," many said, nodding their heads sagely. " Wait and see how it will end." Uldene was happy-wildly, deliriously happy but the conscience of this hapless girl was never at rest. She could see that she was very dear to Rutledge Chester now, and terror thrilled her soul lest she should lose him. Her life waa cursed with the thought that she had taken him from Verlie by deceit and fraud. Would not Heaven, in turn punish her by taking him from her ? " If we were ever parted, I should pray Heaven in that hour to strike me dead," she often told herself with a great, tearless sob. Her idolatrous love for Rutledge Chester was to be the sword which should slay her. Uldene had invited Edna Temple to visit her, and, full of delight at the thought of spending a few weeks at the gay capital, Edna had come down from her country home at once. Uldene was especially fond of this bright, saucy, piquant girl, whose acquaintance she had made through Verlie, who had been brought to the country home of the TempleB on that memorable winter morning she had been found lying uncon- scious by the roadside. Rollicking Neddy-(Neddy was the pot name given to Edna)-kissed her friend rapturously. " How funny it is to imagine you anybody's wife," she cried, breathlessly, as she was removing her wrappings. " Why, you can't be much older than I am, are you, Uldene ?" " I Bhall be eighteen this month," smiled Uldene, "and I'm sure that's old enough to be 'Anybody's wife,' as you quaintly phrase it." "I don't think so," said Neddy, tossing her curls. " I shouldn't like to be tied down to any one person. I like going to balls, and parties, and theatres, and having a new beau for every occasion,' she declared demurely. " You haven't seen the right one yet," laughed Uldene. " When you do, you will sigh for that one, and that one only. The whole world will be nothing to you without him. It's plain to be seen your not in love yet. Only wait till you are." " Fiddlesticks !" cried Neddy, shrilly. " That's all nonsense. I don't believe a word of it. I should get tired and sick of a man poking about the house forever. Now, there's brother Dick. There's always continual sparring between us when he's in the house. He's provokingly uncivil. The Lord pity any girl unfortunate enough to get him." " A brother isn't half as nice as a husband. You will tell me some day," declared Uldene, smiling down into the pretty, piquant face. But Neddy, with girlish obstinaney, whether assumed or real, would not be convinced on this point. The two young girls (for Uldene was very girlish in spite of being a bride of four months standing) enjoyed themselves as only fun-loving girls, full of youth, Bpirit, and vivacity can. Each day saw them driving in the parks or boulevards, at a lawn fête, or pleasure gathering. Rutledge Chester looked on in grave amusement After all his bride was as much of a child as fun" loving Neddy. So he made all allowances. Once the thought crossed his mind-how different a wife gentle, golden-haired Verlie would have made him. He sighed, and put the thought away from him as an unworthy one. Uldene loved him so pitifully well, it was cruelly" wrong to give one thought to another. One afternoon Uldene and Neddy had gone to the art academy together. There was to be an ex- hibition of rare pictures from the old masters. Tickets had been sent to a select few, and the affair promised to be a very enjoyable one. Neddy and Uldene stood by the western window of the academy, watching intently a picture upon which the slanting rays of sunlight fell. It repre- sented a young and lovely girl clinging in an agony too pitiful to be pictured by words, to a cold, giay cross, that seemed to rise like a monument out of fV,o =OTI,1 Âf Tim. foot flrvrood a «Inrlr ttirliiiloiit the sand. At her feet flowed a dark, turbulent sea, whose angry, white-capped waves threatened to sweep over the supplicating figure clinging so despairingly to the cross-tear the white arms from their clinging hold and carry her on to destruction. Uldene gazed at the picture breathlessly, sh« could not tell why. Suddenly Neddy gave her a nudge. "Dene," she whispered, shrilly, under her breath, " who is that gentleman leaning against the marble pillar to the right of us ? For the last five minutes he has not taken his eyes off your face." Uldene turned her dark eyes from the picture she was contemplating to the person indicated, and met the fixed gaze of the stranger bent upon her. What was there about about this person, whom she had never met before, that fascinated her, mads the blood creep chillily through her heart with a deadly sensation, like that which thrills the heart of a fluttering dove that falls under the steady gaze of a serpent. The floor seemed to | rock beneath her feet, the grand pictures in their gilded frames to whirl around her, and the air to grow dense and stifle her. " I don't know who he is, Neddy," she Baid, faintly. "I don't like being stared at so rudely. Let us go-let us leave the place." They moved with the dense crowd ; Neddy could not resist the impulse that once possessed Lot's wife-to look back-and see what had become of the dark-browed stranger. " Oh, Uldene !" she cried, " this is growing romantic ; he must have fallen in love with you never dreaming a young girl like you could be married. He's actually following us." " Oh, Neddy, I am horribly afraid of that man," gasped Uldene. " I-I don't know why, but I am. A premonition of coming evil seems creeping chillily over my heart. There was anything but love in the gaze that met mine ; I read in the fiery eyes that looked into mine deadly hatred, Buch as one reads in the eyes of a relentless, bitter foe. Come, let us hurry away and elude him in the throng." Neddy agreed, aud they were soon on the pave- ment. The tall, dark-bearded stranger reached the door just in time to see the two slender figures enter their cflach and drive away. " Can you tell me who that beantiful young lady is-the dark one, I mean, who just entered that coupé ?" he asked of one of the attendants of the academy. " I have heard the name, but I cannot call it to mind just now, sir," answered the man. " She comes here to the weekly Thursday receptions. I can tell you this much, though,-young as she is, she's married." " Can you find out her name and address for me ?" ho asked slipping a bill into the man's hand. " Yes, sir," said the attendant, touching his cap respectfully to the liberal stranger. "Call any time after next Thursday, and I will have it for you." The attendant smiled as he looked after the tall, aristocrate figure until the stranger vanished from sight. " It didn't seem to make any any difference to him-my hint that the beauty is married, and is not for him," ho muttered. CHAPTER XXI. THE FATAL SECRET THAT SHADOWED ULDENE'B YOUNG LIFE. This was Tuesday. The stranger would not find out the name of the beautiful girl whose face had attracted him until Thursday. How could he re- strain his impatence until that time ? the stranger asked himself, as he paced up and down his room in tho hotel in the greatest of excitement. " The face is so fatally like, she must be 7icr child," he muttered, his face darkening and his eyes flashing. " I remember it was a girl." He turned from the window, again pacing the room with hurried strides, as if to keep pace with his thoughts. One could see at a glance that he was a foreigner evidently a Frenchman-a tall, dark handsome man with a proud, resolute face, which wore at all timeB an aspect of almost fierceness. It was a face that was seared with a story, as though it had been burned there with hot irons. There were great lines of horrible pain around the restless, dark eyes which the brooding shadows never left, that told of sleep- less nights and wretched days. "The eighteen years are almost up," be muttered with a bitter imprecation ; " and, so help me Heaven, when the time is come I shall blazon the whole story to the world ! oh, Uldene ! Uldene !" he cried, " you might have made a friend of me, but you chose to make me your bitterest enemy! How dared j ou allow your child to marry, though she were as beautiful as an houri ! Ah ! you knew why she should not, yet you did not warn her. " She must part from the man she has wedded, as you, before her, were parted from your love. Yes, she must put the whole world between herself and the man she loves, if she would escape the fatal curse of the daughters of her race." Early Thursday morning the stranger presented himself at the Academy, and received the deBired information. The lady's name was Mrs. Uldene Chester, and she lived at No.-A-Avenue. " Uldene !" he muttered as he turned away. "Ah ! I WAS not mistaken, then. It is her child ! It must be ! The name is not a common one. And her face ! Ah ! who could not trace a resemblance in the girl's dark glorious face ? It maddened me as I looked at it-set my brain and my heart on fire !" " How was he to gain an interview with this girl?" he asked himself as he stood motionless be- fore the number indicated, and looked keenly at the house far back on the green sloping lawn. Opening the gate noiselessly, he entered the grounds, made a circuit of them, finding himself in the beautiful flower garden at the rear of the house. It was not an enviable position if be were to be detected there by any of the servants. Still he was one of the coolest and most daring of men. He would be equal to the emergency. While he was planning a way for the furtherance of his object fate favoured him unexpectedly. He saw the side door that opened out upon a porch' suddenly open, and a slender, graceful figure emerge from it, cross the porch, and stroll down into the grounds. Unconsciously fate guided her footsteps in the very path that led to the spot where the stranger stood, well concealed by the shadows of the rose arbor. It was Uldene. How wondrously beautiful she looked in the bright glow of the moonlight. She was robed in a dress of soft, clinging, fleecy white, with dark red roses on her breast, and roses in her dark curling hair. Diamonds glittered in the pretty pink shell-like ears, on the white hands, and ran like a river of glittering fire round the white, perfect throat ; but they could not outshine the glittering splendor of the starry eyes that sought the dark night sky so wistfully as she walked slowly along. "How foolish I am to give way to nervous fears and presentiments," she cried, half aloud. " I will forget the dark, haunting face that has made even my dreams horrible. Why should I not be happy ? I have Rutledge's love, why should I not be happy, I ask myself again ? I do not believe the bitterly cruel story Mark Sefton wrote to Rutledge's mother. I am almost eighteen, and the fate that was predicted has not overtaken me-no sword has fallen upon my head." ' The moonlight lay white and silvery on the dew sfceeped flowers ; the night wind stirred the leaves of the roses, and their odor seemed to float around her and enfold her. There was no sound save the twittering of the birds as they sought their nests in the poplar trees ; nothing else broke in upon the sweet brooding silence of the night. And in that fatal hour when the birds twittered, the moonlight fell peacefully on the roses, and the light of Heaven seemed fairest, beautiful, hapless Uldene's doom fell upon her. A dark shadow fell over the scarlet bloom"» . looming up darkly between her and the moonlight - and glancing up with a low cry, she beheld a man standing in the path before her. In a flash she haä recognised him as the stranger she had seen in the picture gallery a few days before, and whose face, waking or sleeping, had been before her over since. "HUBII!" be cried, springing forward, "Make no outcry, as you value your peace and safety-oye, your very life ! I am no robber-no intruder ; I havo been searching the earth over for you over eighteen years, and I have found you-at last, Uldene." She recoiled in anger and dismay, too great for words. Who was the man who dared address her thus familiarly ? Who was this stranger who forced himself into these grounds to accoBt her ? She raised her voice to call the servants to her assistance that they might summarily eject him,, but he anticipated the movement, and caught her white arm in a clasp that made her wince with, pain. " You would rue it to the day of your death, girl, if you were to summon your servants, or perhaps your husband here, and they should hear what I have to say to you. Your ears, and your ears alone, must hear what I have to tell." "You are certainly a madman," cried Uldene,. indignantly, struggling to free hersolf from the strong, Bteel-like clasp that held her white arm fast. "You shall judgo of that later on," he said, quietly, adding, with an intense bitterness that quite frightened her: "Your mother made a relentless foe of me in years gone by ; see that yon I do not do the same, for I can crush you or save you from a fate more bitter than death, if I so will it." The words he uttered held her spell-bound. They froze the piercing cry on her lips, made her reel dizzily forward, like one about to swoon. Shtt would have fallen but for that steel-like clasp that never loosened its hold of her white arm for a single instant. Quickly, and in a low, hoarse voice, he began his story-the startling revelation which was to burn its way to her brain, and cause her to cry out to Heaven for mercy, or dtath. An hour passed. A horrible hour that had bean counted by the girl's spasmodic heart-throbs as she listened to one of the bitterest, cruelest revela- tions that ever fell upon human ears and broke a human heart. Long since the stranger had loosened his hold off her, but she did not attempt to fly. She stood before him with bated breath, scarcely breathing lest she might lose a word that fell from his lips. At length he concluded the horrible recital, and stood with folded arms before her. " Now you know all," he said, calmly. " Will it be necessary for this story to be repeated to your husband, or will you quietly accept the alterna- tive ?" With a piteous cry, poor, hapless Uldene, the child of cruel, sportive fate, cast herself on her knees at the stranger's feet, crying out that the sorrow that had fallen upon her was too great to bear, and begging Heaven to let her die and end it all. " Rutledge must never know it," she sobbed, ia wild, piteous entreaty. "He would turn from mo in abhorrence and loathing, and that would be more cruel than death to endure. Oh, I never dreamed that anything like this hung over my hapless, miserable head. Oh, it would have been better if my love had died in the hour he was t» have made me his bride than married me. It waa monstrous, inhuman that I did not know-that I could not have been warned ; and, oh, the pity of it, the pity of it ! I love him a thousand times better than my poor, miserable life." "You forget that your mother fled with you when you were a little child," interposed th# stranger. "I could not find you. You say sh* died, just on the point of revealing some terrible mystery? How, then, could you have been warned ?" Something like pity stirred the man's heart as ho looked down into that beautiful, agonized face upturned to the light of the pitying moon. " Oh, how can I part with Rutledge when I lovo him so?" she moaned, stretching out her white arms to the night stars. "How could I live tho long years while my life lasted watching th# summer suns and the winter snows come and go, and know that I must see him no more ! Oh, I could never do it ! No, no, no, I could not !" " For his sake, if you love him you will go, even though it breaks your heart. You know what tho future will bring to you. Oh, unfortunate daughter of an unfortunate race, you cannot escape your doom any more than your ancestors could, for long générations before you. You dare not defy fate. If you persist in clinging to him, I must warn bira -you can Bee for yourself that I must-let the con- sequences be what they may. I shall give you on« hour to decide, Uldene, although under the circum- stances you should not hesitate a moment. " An hour from now I shall come to this spot, and you shall tell me your decision. If you are not here I shall go to the house, late as the hour is, and call for your husband. You know but too well what the result of that interview will be. I have no more to say." Without another word he turned and left her. Uldene fell with a cry 60 bitter that it startled even the sleeping birds in the trees. The moon- light fell over her as she lay there in the long1, green, dew-wet grass ; the summer wind swept over her, dying away among the trees as though it knew,, and could understand, that among the odorous roses a human heart was breaking, and someon» was praying for the sweet boon of death to end if; all. An hour later the moon, that in all its rounds has witnessed so many pitiful tragedies, was still shining, the earth lay green and still, the birda were in their nests, the flowers were asleep, tho great boughs were still, and again the dark-browed stranger came slowly up the broad, pebbled, flower bordered path, keeping well in the shadow of tho treeB. He stood still and motionless. " She is not here," he said to himself. Almost an hour he waited. There was no sound of footsteps, no shadow of a figure. "Like her wilful, desperate, fatally beautiful mother, Bhe has brought down her fate on her own head," he said grimly, walking swiftly up the path that led to the house. (2*0 be continued.) Two ORGANS. - Regulate first the stomach second the liver, especially the first, so as to per- form their functions perfectly, and you will remove at least nineteen-twentieths of all the ills that mankind is heir to, in this or any other climate. Dr. Soule's American Hop Bitters is the only thing that will give perfectly healthy natural action to these two organs.-Maine Farmer. ? The celebrated Hungarian racehorse Kifcber, winner of the English Derby in 1876, and already fourteen years old, has just been sold for eighty thousand marks (four thousand pounds) to the- ' Ducal stud at Harburg, in Brunswick. 