Miscellaneous. The Home Secretary has issued a proclamation announcing that no unem ployed meetings will be permitted in Trafalgar Square. It is said that the new Land Bill will put a minion or money into instant circulation for labor. It is said that the ghost of old Scotch Mary, the Bondi witch, was recently seen on the cliffs two nights successively. A needle, which entered a lady's arm four years ugo, and has been felt by her Rb various parts or ner oouy since, was last week extracted from her leg at the Sydney Hospital. It ia reported that in the event of the death of tho Emperor of Germany, Princo William, eldest son of the Crown Prince, will assume tho regency. Ru mours of a gloomy nature are current in Berlin regarding the health of the Crown Prince, Emperor William, and Empress Augusta. The Mayor condemned a large number of rookeries, including many Chinese buildings in Lower George-street last week. A new gold field has been discovered near Wallballa, Victoria, of alluvial and quartz. the 26th, 27th, and 28th January for tho Centenary celebration. £22,000, has been suscribed in Leeds for Jubilee purposes ; the largest amount subscribed in any town in the kingdom. Melville says that there are somo teetotallers iu the House who would swallow anything for Parkes. The drought in England has caused farmers to trespass upon their stores of winter food, and on dairy farms haystacks have been prematurely cut into. It doubtless will necessitate great economy to be exercised, and result in tho increased practice of chopping straw and steaming it, with meal, &o.;, added. The advanced prices for dairy produce and cheese have been of some advantage to English farmers. Dr. Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, takes 1000 sovereigns, minted from Ballarat gold, to Rome as a present to the Pope. T t Sa nnfr nai«ltona na nanai«u1ltr IrnAWn as it ought to be that old and decaying orchards may be restored by lopping off the top branches and grafting them with other fruit. Especially is this the caso with old pear trees, almonds and apples. Almond trees of twenty years of age can be profitably grafted with the prune. Dress-improvers have been put to a good many novel and ingenious uses, but an addition was made to the number at Ruthin the other day. The Denbigshire police went out to waylay a gang of notorious poachers, but were surprised to see them return empty- handed. Shortly afterwards three Welsh damsels followed with a Buspicious display of ' bustle,' which, on investigation, turned out to be due to the presence of twenty-seven rabbits and two long lengths of rabbit uei/MUg. ±ue invenwrs oi a gariuouo capable of covering such a multitude of sins have a great deal to answer for. ' As I was going out Kamerunga way,*' said an Irishman, ' I met Pat Molloy. Says I, how are you Pat.' 'Pretty well, Tim Molloy,' says he. Says I, 'That's not my name.' ' Faith, no more is mine Pat Molloy,' says he. ' So we looked at one another, and faith, it turned out to be neither of us.' The Roman Catholio body intend to celebrate the centenary of the colony by a numbei of ceromonies in commemora tion with imposing services. Five arch bishops and seventeen bishops will tako part. Property in Market-street, Melbourne, with 45ft. frontage, including a store aoross a right-of-way, was recently sold for nearly £30,000. Lord Randolph Churchill has denied the statement that he was likely to be appointed to succeed the Marquis of Lansdowne as Governor-Gt neral of Canada. The stewards oi tbo .London jocKey Club have taken a bold Btep towards purifying the English turf. For somo time they have been engaged in investi gating a case of suspioious running of a horse, Everitt, belonging to the Marquis of Ailesbury, in the Harewood Plate, at ^ York. As a consequence of their inquiries, Lord Ailesbury and his trainer, John Tyler, have been warned off Newmarket Heath and all racecourses under the jurisdiction of the Jockey ^ Club for life. This is a terribly severe sentence, but it is not too much to say that it has long been anticipated, and no : one will quarrel with its justice. Lord Ailesbury is understood to have pulled his horse beoause he oould not get hia money on, through the jubilee plunger, Mr. Benyon, who is not unknown in Australia, having baoked him so heavily that the market was shut against the owner. ? 