THE COLONEL'S DAUGITER. CHAPTER XV. A GIOBT IN THE LONG AVENUE. IT wanted but a week now of Alico's wedding-day;, and though she had t5usted in Providence to 'deliv?r lidr, she began to fear that this marriage was designed as a necessary discipline, and would have to be, in spite of all her prayers. Often she had thought that by Jano's help she would try to escape, and sometimes she had contemplated anotlher appeal to Colonel Chmeron; but she found that this would be use less. He had plainly announced to her that he hoped to make Mademoi selle Rita his wife directly she was duly settled; and as, therefore, any delay on her part would also retard his marriage, she had no hope that he would listen to her representations. The dull apathy of despair began to steal over her. It would not be long, she know, for each day she grew weaker and weaker; but George's memory was so dear to her that even to die another man's wife seemed to her a sort of sacrilege. If she only might be taken before her wedding-day ! But it would not come so soon as this. Life clings oven to the hopeless, and ebbs away but slowly, fighting with death to the last. And though she wa's very weak, and full of dull pains, she felt that it would not be yet; and, moreover, that a stray gleam of hope would quicken the lznguid.pulses, and make her strong suddenly-for she was dying of no disease, but of sheer sorrow. The wedding was.to take place on the 17th, and Lord Moortown was ex pected on the evening of the 16th. But Alice had a whole week's grace, and who could toell what mighthappen in that time ? Strange to say, just about this time, Alice's ]angour was succeeded by a kind of feverish restlessness. SShe.wns conscious of a strange feel ing of expectancy she could not account for in any way; the presentimont of some peculiar change in her destiny whether happy or not, she could not t'ell-but that something quite unexo pected was about to happen, she had no doubt. One evening, this instinct was so vivid and troublesome that it actually spurred her into action in defiance of her own wishes. 'I must go out-I must!' this instinct seemed to say forher, in oppo sition to both reason and choice. Shd opposed the instinct for a while; but, somehow, she had a sensation as if she were doing something wicked all the time, and so yielded at last. Jane came up just as she was putting on her. cloak 'yand hat,'.and stared aghast. '?Vhy, miss, you are never going out-you so weak, and the weather so bitter ? It would be the death of you !' ' I am well wrapped up.', ' gIt hll"tl"h'wrapping up in the. world wouldn't keep you from taking . cold, miss. Why, there's frost in the ponds more than two inches 'thick!' 'That is bettor than rain. It is the damp weather that hurts people, not the dry cold.' ' But' miss, you mustn't, indeed you really mustn't !' 'I really must, Jane.' 'It can'tbe anything of consequence this.time oi night, miss, I know,' per sisted the ifaitLful creatur,. earnestly; and if it was, I wouldn't risk my life for anybody.' ' No person in this world has less r2ason' to take care of herself than I have, Jane; for if I were to die to morrow, who, besides yourself, would shed a single tear?' 'The. Colonel would, miss, I am thinlking, whien:he found that he had driven you into your grave by his harshness. It will all come home to him when he is ready to die himself and sooner, too, perhaps, if he marrlies that mademoisolle, for she'll make his lifo a trouble to him, if I'm not mis taken!' ' Hush, Jano !' 'I wouldni't say anything down stairs for worlds, but I must speak plain to you, miss. I'ye seeoon things with mademoisello, sometime's, that nobody suspects; only that she's so cunning, I should be sure to hurt myself, and not her, if I was to' give a hint. Besides, Miss Alice, I don't "want to be turned away from here all the while I can be of any service to you." ' But what is there to know ?' SYou'lls so some day, Miss Alice.' 'I hope Ishan't see anything wrong, . Jano;if she is my father's wife.' ' I hope not, for your sake ; but I've very (quoeer suspicions, and so have most of us in tleo servants' hall, as far as that comes to.' 'Colonel Cameron would be very much annoyed if he thought that madomoisolle was discussed amongst you in a disrespectful way.' 'nBut hlo won't know, Miss Alico.' 'You had bottor t:akeo care he doesn't -thalt is to say, the others had, if they want to keep their places. MIadomoi selle is mistress here now, and will be moro than ever mistress shortly, and I do not fancy she is one who forgives such offences easily.' ' Ah, MiPs Alice, you don't know; but she's a bitter, cruel woman as was over seen !' 'It: would have been fortunate for us all if she had never come hero!' oxclained Alice, alniost involiutaiiil, as she settled her cloak moro comfort ably over her shoulders, and walked to the door. ' Oh, MissAliec, I thought you had given up the idea!' Janeo- said, anxiously. ' You'll catch your death of cbld!' 'VWhich won't be worse than any other kind of death, I daresny,' replied Aice, as she glided out. Jane looked after her for awhile with a dubious air, and then she drew. herself up determinedly. 'Theroe's such queer things goingon here,' said Jano to herself, 'that; nobody's safe, and so I'll just follow M1iss Alice, keeping behind so as not to be prying or rude, but within reach if I am wanted. She's as weak as water, but I have got a pretty strong arm, and I know where to find a good thick stick, if it is wanted, and klniow how to use it, too. It's my belief that ma'm'selle wouldn't mind .what she did-she's got such evil eyes, I shudder when I look at her.' Jane covered herself up warmly, and followed Alice; but finding that her young mistress was only walking up and down the long avenue, where the least cry of hers might be heard; and anxious not to seem officious or prying, she went and sat down on a rustic chair on the lawn which commanded a full viqew of the library windows,. and that corner of the house. Alice marched backwards and for wards for an hour, and then she came to the end of the avenue again, and paused. She heard a dog bay at a distaht farmhouse, and that was the only sound that broke the stillness of the night. She listened for a minute, and the dead silence that succeeded seemed to strike to her heart thrillingly awfully. What could be coming.? She neither moved nor spoke; but her fascinated gaze was fixed on the dark foliage, and once it. seemed to sway apart, and a white face gleamed out of the black aperture, fearfully. Alice's nerves were all so strained now that she could hardly stand. She would have fled; but some powemr seemed to root her to the spot, and master ]heor completely. Her eyes never quitted the spot where this apparition had first ap peared.; but after this one sudden, brief manifestation, the gloom did not once waver; and for full ten minutes there was no signor sound of anything unusual having, occurred. She was turning to retrace her steps -the power which had suddenly been withdrawn being as suddenly restored -when the foliage rustled, as if some deep, strange wind had passed by, and she felt a hand of ice touch hers lingeringly. 'Alice !' The voice was hollow and sepulchral and sent a shiver of horrow to her very feet, even before she saw the whole figure in shadowy outline, with a ghastly white face, and great, dim, awful eyes seeking hers. 'George !' she screamed; and drew baeck, holding up her hands, as if to shut out the sight; ' if you have any mercy, and remembrance of the old life we led together, spare me!' ' You do not wish to see me, then ?9' murmured the spirit. 'Oh, no, no; it kills me!' she answered, vehemently. SVery well, then, I will go.' The tone was so mornful, and the face so livid, so full of anguish, that it touched her infinitely in the midst of her horror and fear. 'Only leave me in peace,' she said; ' and promise never to come near me again, and I will never, never marry any living man. If. I had the fear before me of another such interview, -I should go raving mad!' 'I promise! Only let me touch your hand once more!' She remembered the sensationbofore -the icy shiver that crept through all her veins, congealing her blood, and tightening her breath; and with a cry of terrified denial, she fled. She rushed along, fancying she could detect the swift, noiseless step of the phantom in pursuit, afraid to turn, or even glance back, filled only with one intense, overpowering desire to get as far from the spot as possible, and into the shelter of the house. Half~waydown the long avenue she stuinbled, and fell into somebody's arms. She fancied that the ghost had .overtaken her, until she heard a cheery well-lnown voice saying in her ear, 'Dear, bless me, Miss Alice! what is the matter with you? .One would think you was raving! Do hush, or we shall ha;ve mademoiselle after uis, making all the mischief in the. world; and you'll be locked up, and I shall be turned away.' 'Oh, Jane !' Alice murmured, fear fully-the necessity of pouring her confidence into some ear being too great for resistalice-"I have seen something so strange !' 'And so have I, for the likes of that,' muttered Jane to herself. 'Something so terrible! I have seen a ghost !i.' 'Seen a ghost? La, miss, I've no belief of such things !' 'I never had; but I have now !' 'You must have been mistaken, Miss Alice; indeed you must !' ' He spoke to mo, Jane.' ' Who was it, then? Any acquaint ance, Miss Alice ?' ' Mr. George Darsham !' 'La! Anduyou are sure Mr. Dar slham is dead, miss?' 'I saw him in his coffin.' £ And you say he actually spoke?' 'He did, indeed. I heard him as plainly as I hear you at this minute I saw him as plainly as I iee you.' S'It does look strange, Miss Alico; but still I have known people to have what ai'o called delusions.' ' So'haie I, certainly.' ' And you.know yotr'wtero very ex cited wvhcn you went out, miss,' added Janeo, sensibly. 'That is true; and if this thing had uith suokei i;' ihould be indtuid tVo believTethat my eyes had deceived me. But as it is, I cannot ' lay t~hid flatter ing unction to my soul.' ' But, thcn,.weren't you glad to see him, M[iss Alice? It appear:s to me that if anyone I cared for was taken from me, I should rather see his ghost. than not see hiin at all.' ' Oh, Jane !' answered Alice, shiver ing; ' anything supernatural has such a terrible effect upon me. I shall never recover the shock of this intoer view--it seems to-have sapped all the strength I had left, and .made me realize to the full how utterly bereaved I am. It is onal a living presence that can be any comnfort;, tho other appals me by its mystery, and leaves nothing but a painful memory behind.' Jane did not understand anything about mysteries, and so forth; but she did know that it was very dangerous for Alice, in her state of health, to remain outside in the cold, and so she hurried her home as fast as she could. They passed Mademoiselle Rita's new sitting-room-the room which the master had fitted up for her with such tender care; and Jano stopped a minute, but without speaking, and peered in. But the room was empty and silent, the grate dark ; and no one would have supposed, looking in, that it had been occupied at all that night. : At this minute, the clock struck eleven; and as its sonorous strokes re sounded in the still, ~frosty air, two shadows crossed each other in the gloom of the long avenue, wavered for a second, and then melted away into the distance as silently as they had mot. (To be Continued.) 