i CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF , BATHURST. V I -? - (FROM OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, Oct. 21. On Tuesday (St Luke's Day) the ceremony of con- I secreting the Rev. Charles Edward Camidge, D.D., vicar of Thirsk, Yorkshire, to the See of Bathurst, took place in Westminster Abbey, in the presence of a large congregation. The consecration was performed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, who was assisted by the Bishop of Rochester, the Bishop of Sotlor and Man, Bishop Marsden (formerly Bishop of Bathurst), Bishop Perry (late of the see of Melbourne), Canon Prothero, Canon Bussell, Minor Canon's Cheadle and Price, and the Precentor of the Abbey, the Rev. S. Flood-Jones. There were also in attendance on the Archbishop of Canterbury, Mr. Hassaid, Principal Registrar of the Province, the Rev. Dr. Wall (Principal of King's College), Canon Cadman, the Archdeacon of Maidstone, and the Apparitor-General of the Province of Canterbury, , Sir John Hnnhain. Punctually at 11 o'clock the procession entered the Abbey. After the members of the procession had taken their seats, the service was commenced by the reading of the epistles and gospels, the singing of the Nicene Creed, and then Canon Hudson was conducted to the pulpit by the Dean's verger. The rev. canon took as his text the 25th verse of the 20th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles: "Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood." After declaring how heartily y they wished the new bishop Godspeed in the fresh field of" activity into which he had entered, Canon Hudson proceeded to dwell upon the closeness of the ties which Dr. Camidge was severing in order to take upon himself new duties on the other side of the globe. The cathedral of the chief city of the diocese in which he lived York Minster was bound up with the nearest associations of his life. His care had been long a household word within its walls in times past. Four generations of his family, had taken daily part in its services; his own boyhood was passed at the cathedral school, his later ones as a member of the cathedral body. Such ties and such surroundings he was leaving to go to a new land, to a simpler life, to a country without a history, to a church dependent on voluntary help ; from the over more and more crowding millions of over- populated England to a diocese well-nigh as large as England herself, but with a population only of some 100,000-littlo larger than his own Yorkshire rural deanery in number of clergymen, over whom he would preside. Long periods of travel, adventures,' literally by flood and field, fatiguing rides and drives between distant stations, the very stars in heaven strange at first-such would be among the conditions of his new life. What a contrast to his past one in the quiet little Old World town ! with his early friends about him, with his noble church of his garden gate, with the people he had cared for, and who, they so well know, so cared for him, dwelling round his doors, with the splendid Minster within half an hour's reach. For giving up all this something of the courage was needed which belonged to him who went bound in spirit to Jerusalem, not knowing the thing that should befall him there, something of the temper which cried " I heard the voice of the Lord saying, whom shall I send or who shall go for us ? Then said I, here am I, send me" And yet to an eager, earnest, work-loving soul such as they believed their brother to be, how much of hope, what forecast of busy usefulness, what field for Christian enterprise opened out before him. He was going, indeed, to the ends of the earth, leaving the old home, the old friends, the old native land, but not among strangers and aliens would his new home be made. It was for our own kith and kin that he was leaving a people yielding to none in their affection to the old country, in their loyalty to the Queen, cleaving to our old historic Church of England, in proportion of numbers far exceeding that in the mother country, innocent of church factions and so-called religious hated. Among all the countries of the earth, surely it was the land of hope that he was being sent to-a land of infinite promise and potency for good, of immeasurable capacity for progress, a land indeed but of yesterday. Thou dear brother, he was also pleased to think, would arrive, God willing, in time to take part himself in the centenary celebration of the oldest colony-that, in fact, in which his own diocese was situated. It was not yet 100 years ago since the first party of English settlers landed on the shores of Botany Bay, nor yet 100 years since the beautiful world-famed harbour of Sydney was discovered, where now had sprung up a huge city vying with the best European cities in commerce, in culture, and in all the appliances of civilisation. For spiritual administration there was absolutely no provision made at first ; but that was not the pace to detail how gradually in God's good time men were here and there raised up to how the good seed and labour on such promising soil. The work which had been begun Canon Camidge was going to continue, and reverently borrowing the words of St. Paul, he would say We commend him to God and to the word of His Grace, which is able to build him up and give him an inheritance among all them which are sanctified.' When the sermon was finished the Canon's verger conducted Dr. Camidge from his place to the Islip Chapel, where he put on the rocket, and, during his absence, the anthem "The Lord is my Shepherd" (Macfarren) was sung by the choir. Dr. Camidge then returned to the entrance of the sacrarium, where he was met by the assistant Bishops, who presented him to the Archbishop, who was sitting in the chair in front of the Holy Table, with the following words : " Most Reverend Father in God, we present unto you this goodly and well-learned man to be consecrated Bishop." The Archbishop then demanded the Queen's mandate for the consecration, and the same having been shown him by Mr. Hassard, he ordered that gentleman to read it The mandate was dated from the Court of Balmoral on the 27th of September. The Archbishop then administered the oath of canonical obedience, and the presenting Bishops having retired to their places, the Bishop-elect of Bathurst knelt on the stop in front of the Archbishop's chair while the Litany was chanted by Precentor Flood Jones. The Archbishop then offered up the Lord's Prayer, two collects of the Litany and the prayer "Almighty God, giver of all good things," after which he put the questions of examination. Then the Bishop-elect again retired to put on the rest of the episcopal habit, while the choir sang the anthem taken from Psalm civ., 81-35 (Goss). At the conclusion of the anthem, Dr. Camidge returned to the sacrarium, the four assistant Bishops ranged themselves on each side of the Archbishop, and the Bishop kneeling before them, the imposition of hands was performed, the choir singing very softly and sweetly "Veni Creator Spiritus." This completed the ceremony of consecration, and the Bishop of Bathurst then rose up from his knees and took his place with the other Bishops within the rails. A collection was made for the fund for the " Diocesan work at Bathurst, and the Holy Communion administered. The procession left the Abbey in the reverse order of entry, with the exception that the Bishop of Bathurst ' walked on the right hand of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and proceeded to the Jerusalem Chamber, where the Bishop and clergy disrobed. On the following day, Wednesday, a farewell service to the Bishop of Bathurst was held in York Minster, at which were present the Archbishop of York, the Dean of York, the Archdeacon of York, and many of the local clerical dignitaries, the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress of York, as well as deputations from the Yorkshire Lodges of Freemasons, Dr. Camidge being a popular member of the craft A special feature of this service was the performance of the " Camidge " music. It was commenced with the singing of the processional hymn, " Jesus shall reign where'er the sun," which had been set to a tune adapted from a short anthem by John Camidge, who was appointed organist of York Minster in 1756, and died in 1863. The Psalms for the day, the Te Deum, and the Jubilate were sung to chants by Matthew Camidge, son of John Camidge, and successor to the latter as organist of the Minster. The anthem, by Dr. Camidge, son of Matthew Camidge, and also organist at the Minster, was taken from the 96th Psalm, the second, third, fourth, and eighth verses being a quartette, and the first verse of the 103rd Psalm being a chorus. The sermon was preached by the Archbishop of York. His Grace pointed out that, during the last 80 years, Australia had made great progress in material welfare, but much greater advance- ment had been effected in spiritual life. He then proceeded to allude to the close connection which existed between the Church in New South Wales and the Diocese of York. The bishopric of Sydney, he said, had lately been filled by the master of a great Yorkshire school, who was nominated by himself and others to the See ; the bishopric of Melbourne was occupied by a York incumbent, who received his nomination from the same hands as the Bishop of Sydney, and now there was to be added the name of Dr. Camidge, whose appointment to the Bishopric of Bathurst would, he trusted, prove a blessing to the colony to which he was being sent forth. After the sermon a collection was made in aid of the Mission Fund of the diocese of Bathurst. At the conclusion of the service a meeting was held in the Zouche Chapel, presided over by the Archbishop of York, and attended by nearly all the clergy connected with the Minster, at which the Dean of York expressed the hearty good wishes of himself and the members of the Chapter to their brother who had been consecrated to the important duties of the Bishopric of Bathurst He wished him Godspeed in the great work to which he had been called. He assured him that he had their sincere wishes for a successful period of his episcopal office, and trusted that, for many years, he would be spared to preside over those whom, by God's providence, he had been called amongst An address of congratulation from the Cleveland and South Durham Clerical Society was then read and presented by the Ven. Archdeacon Yeoman. The Bishop of Bathurst, in acknowledging the kind 11033 of his friends, said he took the service to be a compliment to the whole of the colonial church. The bishops of the colonial Church would find and realise more than ever that their Church was the Church of England in Australia, and it would always be his aim and endeavour to preserve that title. There were certain members of the Church who would like to call it the Church of Australia but he thought the title, Church of England in Australia, was a grander name. The work of his own diocese lay to a particular extent amongst English people, for in the colony of New South Wales no fewer than two out of every five of the population had come directly from England. A few remarks were made by the Archbishop of York, who said that it had been his earnest wish that the Bishop of Bathurst should have, been consecrated in York Minster, but there was a technical objection to that being done. Their friends in Australia wished to keep themselves strictly in their connection with the Church of England, and it was part of their constitution that a Bishop sent from England must be consecrated by the Archbishop of Canterbury. With regard to the new bishop he could truly and honestly say that, looking round the Church of England, he was in every respect as well fitted for a colonial bishop as it was possible for a man to be. He was going forth to the highest occupation that could belong to a man, and he would carry with him the prayers of many friends. The proceedings then closed. The new Bishop of Bathurst looks like a man in the prime of life. He is something of a sanguine complexion, and an agreeable presence. 