LlKK AiNU liai-ilK-K. .- - Br M. E: Bbaddon, Author of ' Lady Audley'e 8eoret,' Etc. Chapter XXXIX. — (Continued.) There was a silence. Mr. Melnoite did not YoldEteer any information as to hie birtb or parentage. He was a ourious little man jn this wiBe, and; except for bis African experiences, seemed to be a man without a history- 8r Adrian wondered how his friendship with Colonel Deverill oonld have come about. The two men seemed to have on little in common. From a good-natured impulse, rather than for any particular reasoD, he aBked Mr. Melnoite to dinner, au invitation wbioh was promptly accepted. <Itis always a pleasure to visit suoh a house as yours, Sir -Adrian;-1- he said ; 1 a house with a history.' No doubt the Abbey has its history.' Yes. It has a good many- histories, or trBdiiionB.' 'Any ghosts. Any story of ..a dark orime in the remote past ?' < I have heard - of - neither "ghoBt nor -crime.' v- " : Well, it Is a ncblo old house, even withont those embelliehmente,' eaid Melnotte, aheetfolly, ' and the park and gardens are roerfeot. This is a tributary of the Ohad, I iuppoee, this river in yonr grounds.' 1 Yes, it unites with the Chad lower down,' i- ' . 'A swift, deepish river, eh?' ' Swift and deep.' 1 It makes a eery pretty feature in yonr grounds. Nothing like water for giving beauty and variety to a landscape. To morrow evening, at eight, I think you said, Sir Adrian? Goodnight.' Mr. Melnotte crossed a rustic bridge and disappeared in the twilight on the lurthcr bank, while Adrian strolled slowly along the oypress walk. He was met by Lucy Freemantle, who nnoonsoionBly suggested a reminiscence ol Shakespeare's Beatrice. ' I have been eent to ask you to come to tea,' she said, blushing a little, her com plexion of lilies and rosea looking brighter than ever in the grey winter atmosphere. 1 Yon were very good to take so muob trouble about me,' answered Adrian, as they -shook bauds. ' Oh, it was no trouble. I am alwayB glad of a run. Mother and I came to call opon Lady Belfield, and Lady Belfield was getting -fidgetty about you, eo mother told me to run and look for yon, and I guessed I ebould find yon this way.' ' How clever of you.' They were on very friendly terms, Luoy having known the Abbey and the Abbey people all her life. A few years ago when she baa been in the nursery she had looked up to Sir Adrian as a very grand personage, Branding as it were apart from- all other young men upon the strength of a superior position and superior attainments, but o £ late she had felt herself more upon a level with him, and more at her ease in hie society. He called her Luoy, as a matter of course, having known her in pinafores, but she called him Sir Adrian, ' Is my brother at home?' he asked, as they walked towards the Abbey. ' No, there is no one but Lady Belfield and mother. They are talking parish talk- about the poor old people and their ailments —such dreadful complications. How hard it seems that the poor should euffer in all wayE. People who know nothing about them think Ihey are healthy and hardy beoause of their scanty fare and open-air life ; but when one somes to know them, one finds that theory a hollow mockery. The open air may be very good for us, but the poor get too mnch of it.' She epoke warmly, having just oome from a scene of euffering in one of the oottagea. She was a frank, warm hearted, energetic girl, tall and strong, in the full bloom of youth and beauty, a girl for whom life meant notion and dnty, not dress and pleasure. Yet at a county ball she danced as gaily as the most feather-headed of her eieters, and never com plained, as they did, of an evening being slow. ' Lady Belfield and Mrs Freemantle were sitting by the fir6 in the inner drawingrosm, the cosy tea table and bissing kettle between them. They had been joined by Mr. Rock- Etone, who sat in one of the most luxurious of the large arm chairs, with his legs Etretched out in front of the hearth, basking in the glow of a friendly fireside, after a long day among his poorest parishioners. They were talking of Yalentine. lHe ought to make an eifort, my dear lady Belfield,' said the Yicar. 'The blow that has fallen upon bim is a heavy one, but it to almost unmanly to sucoumb as be has done. Hie whole being is undergoing deterioration. He haB brooded upon the one \- .« Eteeped in. gall. He is a misanthrope at aa »ge when men generally love their fellow creatures. Something mas: be done to save him from bim«elf.' ' YeB, something must be done,' eoboed Mrs. Freemantle. ' Is ia terrible to see a fine young man like Valentine lapsin- into physical and moral decay. My .husband tolls me that he shuns all his old friends — does not even show at the meet, and rides in a way ibat shows he caree no more for other people's lives than he does for his. ovrn. He ooght to go to Australia.' ' That ia the remedy. Mrs. Freemantle,' said the Vioar, 'anew country — Australia, or the Red River district — a new and not too civilised countiy— utterly new surroundings. That kind of thing is your only Aethe ; the ooly remedy tor a mind diseased. I know it would grieve you to part with him, my dear Lady Belfield, but you would have him bach in two or three years, a new man. Whereas, if you let him stay here, decay is inevitable. You remember what Dickens says about the dry rot in a man, Im afraid poor Valentine's is a oaee of dry rot.' 'I would do any thine 'or his welfare — Sacrifice anything,' replied Lady Belfield. 1 Then you and Adrian must put your headB together and persuade him to travel ; California, Texas, Red R c, or even Africa, if he fancies Bhooting antelopes, or dealing in bu&aloee.; You can take advantage cf this Mr. Melnotte, who is a mighty traveller. The grand thing is to rouse Yalentine from Lis preeent apathy, and set him going in some Way.' " , ' I am entirely of yonr opinion, Vicar,' said Adrian, ' My brother wants n6W surround ings. A young man without aims or interests, Sloping away hiB life in a country place, is a sorry speotaole. I will taku him in hand to night.' ' Do, my dear Adrian,' exclaimed Mrs. Freemantle. ' I have known you and your bro.ber too long to be able co see either of yon going wrong without speaking my mind.' They sat round the fire f..r some time after this, talking of many things, enjoying the blaze of the great piDe logs, and the aroma of Lady Belfield'a excellent tea — but two among them were heavy at heart, oheerful ae the gsneral tone of the conversation might be. For Adrian there had been no euoh thing as happiness, or even peaoe of mind, Binoe that fatal night. His life bad been one long pretence. It was a hunting day, and on such days Valentine always stayed out among the latest, rarely appearing nntil after dinner. He would come into the honse on the stroke of eioht. m>rhnns. and wnnld ba chancimz his clothes, while the otberB were dining. He ould dine alone between nine and ten, at a littiatable in front of the bilHardroomfire. He bad never been a gourmand, but he atu now with the air of a mas who hardly knows what he is eating — taking anything the Eervants set before him, and drinkiDg more than was good for him. ' He ain't got no appreciation of a nice httle dinner,' said' Andrew, despondeotly. 'It don't pay: to take pains ab >nt it, Mrs. Marrable, as I tells cook. Give him » bottle of bargundy, and the liqaor stand after dinner, and he asks no questions.' There was no more of those cherry te»- orinkings with the mother after the day's ®Pri ; no more recitals of the day's -?dventore«. The yoang man wsnt out alone !n tka morning, moody and silent ; he oame \ ®®,8 in the same temper. His mother had | th lD 1a'6' grief,, hoping thBt as j>' ®onths went by the braised spirit wonld 'joover: bot time Rfrmed rniv to deepen jg by povui atiabgcuioub n.tu aio author. """ aoiaiug ' gioom; - ana or late sue naa grawnhopeless: , ; Thus it was that she was ready to reoeive any plausible suggestion. Ha i was late on this particular evening, and it was not until halt-past nine that he was ready for hiB dinner, -a1'11.?,0 nd ta,k to him after he has dined, said _ Atjfian, who had been lingering ova dessert with his mother, trying to ohesr her with the promise of brighter days. Do, dear. For pity's sake influence nim for good. I &m; helpless. His mind is a Bealea book to me. He has never aon fided in me from the time of his boyhood. Ha has taken his own way always; tor good or for evil,' Valentine was sitting in a Glastonbury etaair id front of -she wide fireplace, the burgundy decanter before him, almost empty. The lamps over the billiard-table were unlighted, and the spaoioua room was half in shadow. The firelight flickered on guns and swords in the receBs at the further end, and there was a oirole of soft light round the spot where Valentine sat from the shaded oolza lamp on the small Suther land table. A good, ran, Val?' asked Adrian, Beating himself opposite his brother. ' Pretty good.' ' Yon must have killed uncommonly late.' 'We Killed at sunset, on PlimpBted Ridge.'. , But that means five o'clock, and a three- quaiters of an hour's ride home. Where have jou been since V ' I don't know.' , ' Valentine.' ' Don't Btare at me, man I I tell yon- I don't know. I have been riding about somewhere — losing myself on the moor, if yoa. like. Great God, if I could only loss myself altogether — ride away Into aome enobanted valley, and go to sleep there for ever.' It was almost the first time he bad spoken openly of his despair. From the hour ol tbe crime until now there had been no con fidence between the brothers. They had lived together, and talked of the daily busi ness of life, but there had been an im- paeBable pnlf betwixt (be past and the present. By mutual consent they had been dumb. But to-night Valentine was utterly worn oat in mind and body, fagged, helpleBs, nervone. That powerful frame and etrong sen-reliant temper had been broken by the flow agonies of remorse. Brutal aa tbe man's nature might be, ooneoienae was not dead in bim. It had awakened in the hour when he found himself aloua after his crime— face to face with the memory of a murder. It had never elept since. 'Valentine,' began Adrian, earnestly, 'you are leading a miserable life. Things cannot go on like this.' ' You mean that I had better do as your criminal of the lower alaBseB sometimes does under suoh circumstances — give myself up — walk into Freemantle'e study to-morrow morning and tell him that I killed my wife. Is that what you mean ?' ' No. It ia too late for that oourse. What I mean is that you must leave the scene of your misadventure. Yon have lingered here too long. Yon must go away — to another continent — Africa, Australia, wherever you oan find the resources which will give you most relief of mind. The past is past, Val. There is no help for that. Let it be past. You have Buffered for yonr sin of a moment in all the long months that have gone by sinoe that fatal night. Yon will suffer more or less to the end.' ' More or less, no doubt. I have tbe privilege of an excellent memory,' answered Valentine, with quivering lips, staring gloomily at the fire, the inaarnation of despair. 1 Your self- torture oan do no good to you or to anyone else. Far away, in the wild free life whioh suits yonr temperament, yon will at least snfier leas. Anything would bo better than the stagnation of your ex- islenoe here. ' You are right, Anything wo rid be better — bar I think the best would be death.' ' Don't say that, V'al. Men have outlived worse sorrows than yours. ' Men are made of very hard wood, and I flattered myself— till last Bummer — that I was teak or iron-wood ; but the dry rot of remorse has got into me, all the same. I am worm-eaten to the very oore. Yes. I think you are right, Adrian. I must get away from this place, if I don't want to become a howling lunatic. I have stayed here in a kind of gloomy despair, thinking that I oould hardly be more miserable here than anywhere else — bat yoa aro -right. x have stayed too loDg I will stay no longer, Here I am a cau.e of misery to others as well as to myself. In the hnoh_ T own man again. Anere will be no need for hypocrisy. I could Ho on the ground face downwardB arid groan alond without anybody oaliing me to ac count. ' Your miod will dear and lighten face to faoe with unsophisticated nature, Val,' said Adrian, who throughout this conversation had spoken with ineffable tenderness. ' You willbsgin a new life. Even the memory of your sorrow will be softened in that far-off atmosphere. You will look back upon your old self gently, as we. remember the dead. You will bave opportunities of helping others — of doing brave and generous deede. You will be born again, a better and a wiser man. My brother — my beloved- brother, the second half of myself, I bave iofinite faith in you yet.' He laid his band oarees- ingly upon his brother's shoulder. He felt as if a great burden was lifted off his heart by ibia conversation ol to-night. For the first time sinoe the catastrophe that had wrecked both tbeir lives, the brothers had spoken together freely. It waB like a re newal of brotherly love. My dear Adrian, you are a great deal too good to me,' said Valentine, and this from him was much. ' You most go away, Val ; bat you mast do nothing hurriedly. Mrs. Freemantle w»b talk ing about you to my mother this afternoon, saying that yon looked ill and mopish, and needed change. My mother admitted the faot, and it was agreed rhat yon should be persuaded to travel. Your departure will therefore eeetn perfectly natural to all this little world of Chadford. There will be no appearanoe of flight. All yon have to think of, therefore, ia the place to whioh yon wonld like to go — all yon bave to do ie to follow tbe bent of your own inclination.' I will go so Africa. There ia better Bporfc there than in Australia — and a freer life. ' If yoa decide upon Africa, Melnotte may be of nee to you.' 'I don't like Melnotte, and I don'i believe in his African experiences. I Btrongiy sus pect that tbe man is an impoeter. He is too glib.' ' Bat hie stories of adventure have a vivid air, as if he had lived among the soeneB and people he describes.' ' The follow iB a good actor, that is all. Some rowdy adventurer whom the Colonel has pioked up in a gambling den. Melnotte may have been to tbe Oape, perhaps. Hib experiences in the interior I rank as eheer fiotion.' This idea agreed auriouely with Adrian's own vague suepioions as to Mr. Melnotte's truthfulness. Those African stories of his wFra rather too eood and too pietureeque to have happened to one traveller. Tbe average man's experiences are dull enough. They ring the changes upon famine, fever and sport. Bat Melnotte seemed to have paesed from hairbreadth escape to romantiosituation, from dramatic encounter to picturesque rescue, with an electrioal rrillianoy. He had slain his lions by the horde, and shot big gemsbooks in hecitombB. There was ex aggeration, no doubt ; but whether tbe man were an actual impoaler remained to be proved. 'I don't want anybody's advice ?' said V aleniine decisively. If I oan once braoe myself np to leave this plaoe, I shall go to London, get tbe kind of outfit I think necessary, and then sail for tho Cape. Ocoe there I oan pick np the information I want about the interior, and I shall plan my route from there.' 1« When will you start ?' ' I shall go to London by an early train to-monow— and- to the- Oape' by the first; good steamer that can carry roe there.' To-morrow? That's soon.' Why sbonia I delay ? I have been stay- ing nera race to- race witn a speotro— use a man In a nightmare : dream, who faces eome great horror and cannot move hand or foot' The sooner I go, the better.' ' ' Let me go to London with you. Val. I should like to see yon off.' No, no. I am not fit company for my follow men yet awhile, , Porhaps after ten years in Africa I may be better. Let me snfier my purgation, Adrian. Let me wrestle with the memory of ain, as Jacob wrestled with the angel — and then perhaps— Bomeday ' with a stilled Bob, ' I shall be better worthy of your u'nBelfih love— and of my mother.! ' God- help yon to pardon and forgetfulnesB, Val. But let me go to London with you.' ' No, I want to be alone there. I have something to do. I will wire to you before I sail, and then, if there were time, and yoa would Uke to come and shake hands at parting ' Be sure I will oome, if you give me the chance. It will oomfort the mother to hear of you at tbe last moment of leaviag. She would like to be there herself, dear bouI, if you would let her.' ' Dear soul, poor eoul,' murmured Valen tine, with a remorseful tenderness whieh was strange to his rough nature. ' She has given me boney, and I nave given her gall. I bave been a fountain of bitterness to you both But it is past. Yon are strong in love and in mercy. Good night, and good-bye, till I sail. I shall be off early tomorrow morn ing.' But you will bid your mother good bye,' ' MoBt I ? That will be hard. 1 should like to slip away without any leave-takiue. I would write to her from London.' . She would be heartbroken if you left her like that,' ' Perhaps you are right. It iB the weak ness of her charaoter to be fond of me. I'll see her in the morning before I start. She will ba happier when I am gone — safe and happy — with yon. Yon onght to marry, Adrian. Yon owe as mnoh to my mother bb well as to yonraelt. - There is Luoy Free mantle, who haB bsefi in love with yon for the last five years.' ' Valentine.' ' It's a true bill. I've seen the growing passion from the time she left off short frocks and long hair. You have been her ideal from the day she left the nursery — perhaps before. I daresay she was often thinking of you over Pinnook or Lingard. Marry her, Adrian. She has not- one of the attribntes of the typioal girl, and will make yon a true and bonest wife.' 'I will wait till my time aomos, Val,' anewered Adrian, with a sad smile. ' It has not come yet.' t i , Lady JSelfield was always an early riser. She was iu her garden next morning, looking at the first olusters of snowdrops, white against the whiteness of the hoar frost, when Valentine joined her, clad for a journey, in fur-lined overcoat and deer-stalker cap. Mother,' ho began abruptly, ' Adrian and I had a long brotherly talk last night, and he advised me to try change of scene as a cure for bitter memories. I am going abroad for' a spell.' Yes, dear. Yee, it will be a good thing, I am sure,' answered hia mother, paling suddenly at the mere thought of a possible parting, ' but you will not be going just y6t. You will take time to think about it.' I am going at onoe. You know I was never given to irresolution. I have done most things, for good or evil, on the spur of the moment. I am off by the 8.35. My portmanteaux have gone down to the stable yard. I shall stay a day or two in town, and then sail for the Gape.' For the Oape ! That is so far, Val. Why not to Italy or Spain,' Tame, hackneyed, intolerable. Tbe holi day ground of self-opinionated Yankees and personally.condnoted Cockneys. No, if ohange of soene is to do me any good, If I am to get out of mysel', I must get face to faoe witb nature. Afrioa is the place for me. Don't be afraid, dear mother. The Dark Continent ib bb safe a solitude ae Heme Bay.' And you are going — this morning ?' ' At onoe. The dogcart is waiting for me. Good-bye.' He clasped his mother in his arms, kissed her as he bad not kisEed h6r for yearB — hardly since he was a schoolboy. His own eyes were not innocent ot tears as he rnehed away, leaving her to sob oat her sorrow in the quiet shrubbery walk whioh her footBtepe had eo often trodden. Never had she felt more desolate than in this parting with the wayward and beloved son, and yet she told hetself that it was well he were gone. Any thing must be better thion to — had been sinoe last AUguBt. . . i 'pu- — .n-wearern railway aonveyed Mr. Belfield to Exeter, bat in the junction station there, he had a ohoice of trains, and the Great-western Bhlted htm best on thiB occa sion. He oroesed from one platform to tbe other, took bis ticket for Paddington, and came out upon the departure platform of the Great-western, under the big olook. The platform was not so orowded as uBUal, and the train was not due for five minutes. As be walked slowly towards tbe end of the station, Valentine passed a man whose faoe flashed upon bim with a sadden sickening of the heart . and weakening of the limbs, like the right of a gboat in high noon. The wintery sua shone upon those pale and high-bred features. He Baw the faoe locking at him, half in hatred, half in scorn, and he could not give back soorn for soorn, hats for bate. He who had never feared his fellow-men, eiokened at the eigbt of this man, and passed on witb quickened Btep, and eyes looking steadily 'forward, pretending not to see that familiar faoe, the faoe ot the mis who had stolen hiB wife's heart. St. Austell stopped and looked back at him, 'As I am alive, that was the faee of a felon,' be said to himself, 'and the mystery of Helen's fate ia darker than any of us dream of. That man dared not meet my eye — although it was his plaoe to hector and mine to quail. There was guilt in that look.' He waB on his way westward. Siooe that meeting at tbe Badminton, he had been much disturbed in his mind about hie loBt love. Fiokle as fhe previous experience of his life had proved him, he had not yet forgotten Helen. The year whioh Mrs. Baddeley had allowed for the duration of hie passion was not yet ended, and it may be that the disappointment and misohanoe whioh had attended this partioular intrigue, had intensified -his feelings. He would have for feited ten years of bis life to have found Helen, and won her for hie own, but there was that in her husband's countenanoe whioh obilled his sonl. He had half a mind to follow Valentine Belfield, and tax bim then and there witb foul play. He bad no evidence, exoopt the mysterious oircumstanoes of the wife's disappearance, and that guilty look in tbe husband's faee — but the two together brought conviction to St. Austell's mind. (to BK continued. Henry Clarence Kendall. O'er grassy plains, through verdant fern- spread dells ; Up mountain aides, with purple mist o'erhuug, WhoBe rugged grandeur fired hia heart and tongue ; By moas-grown creeks, fair Nature's cooling wells, Whose lingering charms hia own sweet music tells ; There, roaming on, the gian» trees among, Sweet forest rhymes he learned, and often sung. He caught the wild birds' trill, as o'er the fells Of UUandlla.went the lovely boy. Aye, drawing inspiration in life's morn, When mother Nature was his dearest joy. For. that aong gift that had so fair a dawn He eang, and won a fadeless Austral bay. Soug kings may come, bnt Kendall led tbe way. 