Australian Tales and Adventures. ;(s No. 15. ; . - - ? ?— ~: ' A STRANGE STORY. : By B. P. WH1TVV0ETH. The story I am about to relate is a strange one. '! Io it true? I do dot know. Judged from the Btand point ot every day experience, I should say that it la impossible that it could have happened, and yet, marvellously and totally unaccountable as it seems and is to me, I cannot but believe it to -be positively and absolutely a fact. It is one of tbo?e things which cannot be explained, and which will not be explained away. i We live onr visible life, as it were, passing over a narrow bridge lying between two im measurable guile, that behind us being the irrevocable past, and that before, the in scrutable future. What these gulfs contain, what is called the unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible 01 intangible, science tells ns nothing about. Do, then, the disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. Let my Btory tell what I think, and cannot but believe. Many, very many years ago, when I waa a young man, little more than a youth in fact, just come from England to seek my fortune in this fair land ot Australia, I had made up my mind to become what was the summit of bo many ambitions, a squatter. I mast tell yon there were two of us, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father's Bister. He was of about tbe same ageas my Belf, and I was deeply attached to him, as he was to me. We had been at echool and col lege together, and I mention this latter to show that we wereboth tolerably well edu cated, and therefore not likely to be imbued with' the superstition and fanciful credulity that bo often go hand in hand with ignor ance. As I have Baid, we were deeply attached to each other, a case ot Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and Pylades, or, better still, ot David and Jonathan. - We had come out in tha same ship, and had vowed never to separate, but to stick together through good and ill. We had heard and read in England of the free wild life of the cattle kings, of the boundless'plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the land ot the Southern Croes, and oar hearts swelled high with hope that we too, some day, shoald become, as they were, lords of the soil. But to become squatters, it was necessary for us to know something about squatting. We were fairly well provided with funds, and had some good letters of introduction, and acting on the advice of a gentleman who had known Jim's father, we determined, before venturing into a business ot which we knew nothing, to go, for a time, on a. station, and gain colonial experience. Sheep we would have nothing to do with. The life on a sheep run did not suit onr ideas. It was too tame a kind of thing for ns. It lacked the Epics of romsooa attendant npon cattle breeding. There was none of the headlong gallopping through the crashing timber, and down stony defiles and Bteep gullies, the camping out be neath tha,giant gum trees in the solemn bush, the cracking Btockwhips, the cabbage-tree hats, tbe blue shirts, the breeches and boots, and the other glories that render the life of a stockman so desirable— on paper. Therefore, on a cattle station wonld we go. There was no great difficulty in the matter. There were plenty of squatters who would willingly take us on their runs, and 'break us in ' — for a consideration, of course. One of theaa offers we accepted. It was on the station of a gentleman named Macgregbr, a canny old Scotchman, which was situated on the upper part ot the Goulburh river in Vic toria, ana which embraced some seventy thousand acres ot good open forest country, carrying about eight thousand five hundred head of cattle. We went to work in right down earnest to. learn tha business, and I may fairly eay that we succeeded admirably. We were both toler ably good horsemen to begin with, and as old Maegregor was a rigid and exact man, who would bava his work done tboroaghly well, and as we were anxious to learn, we, ere long, were turned oat really good, bushmen. So mnoh bo that after we had been with the old gentleman a little over two years, he pro-, posed to ns that we should take the sole charge of the station daring a visit which he proposed to take to tbe old oonntry. Nothing could have suited na better. Young, .ardent, our own masters, with work that we took a delight in, we jumped at the offer, and ere another month, he had departed. on his home trip, and we were installed in theitRga comfortable housa ol our employer, praoti 'eslly ' bosses ' ot tbe situation, and certainly, monarchs of oil we surveyed, for the nearest home was Carfrae's, over tbs ranges some twenty miles away. Ourhouse, as we considered it, was a wooden Btracture, of many rooms, having a wide verandah roand three sides'. It stood on tha crown of a swelling down that formed the homo paddock, and that sloped away mst a small creek that formed one of tha nDluents ot the Goulbum, to tbe foot ot a range ut hills about five miles away, and that shut ia tba view to the north. Through tbia range, and exactly opposite the house, waa a dip or gorge, known locally as ' Maegr-gor's Qjp,' aud be ing the sola means ot communication tbat existed between our peaceful vajley and tbo feverish world whoso heart throbbed so fiercely outside. . , Most of the house was cloned, tor there were far more rooms than two bachelor's could poBiibly use. Wocuhhad a bedroom, tntercd from tha front verandah, and oar common sitting and dining room lay between tbe two, and was as well oar office, smoking-room, library, and muiio-room, tor Mr. Mtogregor had a good selection ot books, and a splen did plaooforia and harp for the nso of his two daughters, who bad accompanied him boms. Oar houtehold conaittod solely ot oar two eolvea, Aleo, Payne, tbe head stookman, who slept over tho stables, an ngly and hot tempered old Scotchwoman named Meg, who cooked and did tor ns generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at tha. baok of the bouie, and who olalmed to ba distantly ?kin to tho ' Ualiter,' and tyrannised over na accordingly, and a singularly handsome solley ilal named Fly, who located In spots, indifferently in mine or Jim's bedroom, eA her own awest .will and sovereign picture. I The station handa had their huts at con siderable distance*, and wo rarely »aw any ot (hem, oxoepl when they cams to tho homo tor rations, or on other bniineia. n 5' JfV*'' Anitra.llaow.InR. &hinB; In tbi Qoalbara, shooting In tue bills, ksn«a. smnioymenl to keep na from raiting, who eop.ldh»vsbe«nb»pnleHhanJ«okAlleyne,th»t wm myislf, wd Jim Wel.h. tht mtnigw. Ki«MBiaentlo!th»aan8lation. ' .' Bol par tims ol unalloyed hipplneii wm nq.'tto UJ&. Th0 b]*tlU took *° »pe«ln{i ow o»»tlo, Whj they did it we. oonld no* tell, lor ws had always treated tbe few who had shown npon the ran with the almost kln4neu. Wbers. they o«mo from w« oould not con|«c. tare, tot then wers-piaetlaaii* none belong ing to out immed.I*ta nelghbonthood. None, In fast, ol any account, nauti than tht W»nlg»l tribes ol Qljipilind, , Tbajw»M^»roeloni»DdmI»»bliTOAtneiigb we knew, bat we could hot imjS^Mhat they - would leave their native hanjsssFto far «irev the southward, and cross Tfia all butpfco cessible fastnesses of , the main range tcraous an injury. We could not account for their presence, we could find no reason for their acts, unless, indeed, they were some wander - ing_ tribe who had been badly nsed by the white man somewhere, and .were revenging themselves indiscriminately on friend and fos alike. But there was tha unmistakable' fact;. We were first made aware of it by Alec, our head stockman, riding up to the house in hot haste one forenoon with. tha intelligence. He had, so he informed ns, been ont to one ot the cattle camps, and returning by the foot of tha hill bad came across blood marks on tho grass. Following them tip he had found the remains of a young strawberry heifer, one of our choicest breed. The blocks had carried off Borne of the flesh, and had left tho rest to the hanks. Was ho sure 'it was the blacks who had dons it?- Quite sure. Tbere was no mistake about that, for be had- seen tbe mark ot the epear thrusts. He had ridden up to the housa as fast as he oonld, to sea what was to be done. ? ' _ What was to be done? Ah 1 that was , a poser. : Find the marauding scoundrels. Just so. But where to find them ? Where to look for them? They were miles away, no donbt, gone this way or that, who could tell ? It was our first experience with blacks, that is to say with mischievonB ones, 1 and we were com pletely at a loss how to act in the. emergency. Jim and I, calling Aleo. to our counsels, sat np late that night discussing the matter, al though with bnt little result fnrther than that we determined to keep a strict look out for tbe thieves in future. . We might as well have saved ourselves the trouble. Do what we could, ride to and fro on the run; early and lata, as we might, we never could come across them. Had we had native trackers we might probably have found their trail, aud hunted themjiff, for the blacks haveawonderfnlinitinct,anaanatnrallovefor this bloodhound kind of work— it is strange, indeed, how the partially oivDised aboriginal takes a cruel delight in traokfng and, it may be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even those of his own tribe, but bo it is — bat we had no trackers, and were totally unacquainted with the bushcraft and the thousand and one shifts and tricks of these cunning denizens of the woods and wilds for concealing themselves and eluding pursuit. - But of their presence we had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that we did not get reports of fresh outrages. Not content with slaughtering an . occasional fceaBt for food, they had, as ia their wont, taken to spearing our cattle indiscriminately, and for sheer love of bloodshed. Who could tell.how soon they, treacherous and vindictive - as they were, wonld fly at bigbcr game, and wonld take to killing human beings as well as cattle. At all events we went continually armed, we and the stockman too, with revolvers, and should doubtless have given good account of some of them, conld' wo have found them, which as I have said, we could not. Then for a time came a cessation of hostilities, as it wen! They seemed to bave quitted our part of tba country for we had no farther alarms, and were just beginning to congratulate oursolves in having got rid of our troublesome visitoff, when almost simul taneously wa heard of no fewer than three fine young head ot cattle beiog found slaughtered in widely different parts of the run. We were at our wit's end, but clearly something must bo done, and. at once. ' This kind of thing oonld not be permitted to go on. ? Bat how to prevent it 1 '' : ?- . . Why the wretches had elected to commit their depredations on our run, or whether they bad extended them to other parts of the district we did not know. Again we held a coancrl of war, and again we felt onrselvea powerless to cope with the evil. We felt certain that tho blacks weroaboat in force, but whether they were camped in tha dense bush that bordered our run, or whether, as was mo't likely, tho j had their head quarters in the tugged- mountain rangos to the north ward of no, we ivero unable to say. It is as certain however that they wero not located on the run, as; had they, been, we should hnve been sure tahave f all&j; in with tha marks of their fires, if not with tbe rains of their wurloys of branches ol bark, . We sat late in the nightl without having arrived at any settled plan of operations, further than that Jim Welsh had' expressed his .determination ?to rida over to Corfrae'B the following morn ing, and consult with our neighbour as to what had bsst ba done. . Perhaps that was the best thing after all, for Mr. Carfrae had been a long time1 in the colony, and might reasonably be aopporcd to bo better acquainted wfth the habits of the savage tribes, and tha best meUod of dealing with them than we. Btill, Ilolt a strange, and altojwlher nnacoDnntable repugnanoe to letting Jim go. A singular vague premonition ot evil which would not assnme any tangible Bhapo and which eluded my mental grasp at tha same time as it would not be laughed After an early breakfast, Jim saddled his' horse, and preprjred tor a start, ridiculing my groundless fears and attempts te induce him not to venture. His argument wu unanswer able 'Oar plain d,uly is clear,' he said, 'we have already lost something like a score ol our prims cattle, we have been totally unable to pat stop to the mischief, and nnlees wa take some decided step tbere is no telling i what the result will be.!' ! I could not contradict thij, of course, and j oould only adviso him to be oaref ul, and to keep as much as possible in' open country. ' Never fear,' ha replied ohcerfolly, ' lam I well armed, and tha black scoundrels have) too wholesome a terror ot tha whita man's ; thunder and lightning to venture within cooey : of ma,' . ' ' 1 Notwithstanding this, it was with a. sinking; at my heart tbat I saw him tighten his girths,; vault into tho aaddle, and canter gaily over {hat grassy stretch of tha homo paddock in the! direction of the gap. I watohed him until ha was ont of sight, shading my eyes with my: hand, from the bright rays ot tha morning son, and then I turned into the house with something like a »igb, determined to drive1 away my uneaay thoughts by writing long; lattershome. o 'I : j _ In vain, the inspiration would not coma. I blundered and bungled through my corns.' pondenno for two hoars or mart, and than gave it ap in dlsgaat. I was ever haunted by the shadow ol a nameless, formless tear, v hidden tenor, that, like tho ' Dwellers on tha Threshold' of whioh wa read, I had no ilti tlnct comprehension, bat whioh wu, nous tho less, there, , - ? ' It was* olear warm day, the sUenso was almost oppressive, and hy-aod-bye, lolled by tbe faint oat ever present ham of tbs bnsb, I tell into a light bat troubled slumber. My dreams, if drama they ooald ba called were; as my waking thoughts, had been, ?- without farm and uld,' yet dimly thaiowered by » pronentlm'oni ol Impending Ul. ? ? .! I I know not how long I slept, but an at ones' I wu rooted from ray uureii, by a long, load; hall howl, half wall or a dog, so weird, bo In expreulbbr sad, that; it seemed to turn my very blood to loo. I awoks with, a start, and wont oat at ths open door. - ' A* I stipped out upon the vonmJah, Fly, on oollls dog oama whtnlogtnd oronebing to my feet, and orouohed trembUngly behind me, as it In mortal terror, , ?Af tbo same moment 107 eyes wen blasted with ».now Qorgon.i Coming ilowly up tba .path, not twoaty yards from me, and RUilag nthor thw walking, wu a/orm, ths form ol my oomln, Jim Welsh, whom I b&d; seen start lor Oarlrao's some hours before. Fale to Ihldoess, shadowy, etheroal, with a look of ptlnonhla entwbUe banliome Uoe. »nd» crimson blotch o! blood walling Irom a aeq ' gash in hi3 breast. ' . - .: I stood as 'it turned to marble, powerless to mova, powerless Jo apeak; powerless, almost! to think. Was I still dreaming 7 Mo. There) ha was, plainly palpable before me. I felt my : eyes dilate. I/felt my hair stiffen on my headi I felt my heartthrob as if it would burst, and still all I could do was to gaza entranced and spell-bound in silent, nameless horror.t My ? breath csmo fast and thick, and as iP came nearer and Btill nearer, with a supreme effort' I gasped rather than spoke ' Jim'.' I . : The form waved Us hand in the direction of j the gap, aBmile spread over tha anguished countenance, and then it slowly melted into |air. ' J :.' - ' I 1 Was I then mad? No, no, a thousand times : (no, although it was surely enough to have driven me so. I was aa sane as I am now1. iWtmt it was, or whether it was, I did not, I I do not speculate. I only know that I saw it. I tell you I «aio it. For a time I stood inoa pablc ol motion or reasonable thought. Then 'came tho reaction. Wiih a hoarse, harsh halt laugh, .half Bob, I bounded forward to Iwhcra it bad stood. There was nothing, I [might have Iknown that. : I did know it. I 'ran round [tof^^bs stable, hastily Baddlsd a Ihorse, snojd^Halp my revolver, mounted, and ihatless, ^Ress, as I was, gallopped down 'the home paddock.. Where waa I going ? I* lhardly knew. I had but one feeling, one idea', 'that ot bitter vengeance on the perpetrators of this foul deed, for tnat a foul deed had been [done I knew only too well. 'I I headed for the rocky: bluffe tbat* formed ithe Gap, and bathed in perspiration, and (with the hot fire of hatred at my heart, sped across the intervening down. Bid I think of danger, of death perhaps, to myself? No, JE3vengsl Ili'vangs! - ) Soon I reached, the Gap. AU Btill, all Bilen t. Tha grim walls hemmed me in on either band, but told me nothing. Deeper and deeper mtoithe gloomy dtfilarpassed, deeper land deeper Istill,' but nothing. Not a sight, . ; not a sound save the clatter and ring of my , horse's iron shod hoofs over tho rough ! boulders, lldismouuted, and slowly led my , Ihoraeovorlthe r gged traok for it waB un I safato ridel Mora dismal, more wildly soli- : I tary grew the scene, a quarter of a mile, ball : a mile, a mile, and then — j ! Atlast. !Tbei8belay. Yea, there ho lay. i All there was left of him. Of my friend, of dear, true hearted, handsome Jim. DdaiJ 1 : . * Dead I Alas! Alaal Dead IDeadl Killed by a ppear thrust, treacherously hurled from bshind a rock, oshe waa riding, or probably ? leading his1 horse, through tbe defile. A epear thrust which entering .bis baok, had come ! out at his breast, and had deft his heart' in twain. There, at my feet, on hu back, with a smile on ibis pallid lips, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyes, a; if in mockery of my unutterable woe. ' i ; I ? ' Do I feel shams in Baying that tho teata fell hot end fast from my eyes npon that cold ' face, that my kisses were impressed on that lifelesa hand,. which bad never before met i mine savejin the warm grip of friendship? Not I. A: man sheds tears but seldom, but ! when he dbos, they ore, as it were, tears lot Blood. . ? ? (? 'H-%i How long I stood looking wistfully into the^,.!^ face of my dead friend I know not. I felt mj heartthrob almost to breaking. I felt ; my brainlwhirl into! dim nnoonsciousnesfi, and then, kind heaven j»enS relief to my ovier oharged feelings. The grim defile, tho bnah beyond. It at my feet, seemed to swim round me. All earthly thinga were blotted out, and I fell forward in a swoon, aud all was dark! Butithe awakening, oh 1 the awa'ieniig. ! . Batitbcjawakening,.phl tbeawakcningl \- I found imyeelf lying on a couch iq the front room of our house. I awoke as it miiht ba after a heavy sleep and I knew not where I was. . For a time I lay only partially con Bcious, yet Istill entirely conscious of seeing forma! I knew around me. Alec. Payne, Doctor Bae from the township, and a female with a face strange to me, stood round my bed. I I la jr, dimly trying to gather up the tangled , threads oflmemory, which eeemed to have been woven into , a kind of inextricable con fusion. I tried to raise my hand, and it fell back on the counterpane, seemingly as heavy as lead. And then, I spoke, or rather, as it seemed to me, someone else appeared to speak my thought, so weak and gasping was tha voice.' I ?':'???' - ; . ' 'Where am I?' I asked. ' 1 'Thank God,' ejaculated tha Doctor, 'the worst is over. Mind and memory are retarn ing.' -. '? I -: ? ' . . i' ' For a time I lay still, faying to think of the meaning of what he said, and then, si in an Instant, tho tide flowed. It all came back to me. AH,iall. The mysterious visitant; tba , gloomy gorge, the dead body of my friend at 'my feel. | - - ; I had as they told me, been found lying across tha corpse- of Jim in the gap, found by Ale* Payne, who had from a distance seen me galloping wildly in that direction, and who, suspecting something, was wrong had followed on loot. I had been ill, very ill, nearly, at deaths' door, down with a violent - brain fever, for days', ever since, but, thank God, the danger wu past. As for the appari tion I had seen, Dr. Bae discoursed learnedly on psychology and kindred matters, proved to his own aatistaction, donbtleis — that 'at the time I saw it, or was supposed to have . seen it, I wasmnder tbe influence of incipient brain fever, induced by worry and work and the trouble consequent on tha ravages made on'our stock by the blacks. He persuaded me that it was all fancy, imagination, the out coma ot a heal oppressed brain, all the rest oH*' it, by which scientists try to explain the on- . explainable. : . I Perhaps h« was right. I do not know, common sense would tell me that he was right, and that it was only in my own dis turbed brain and mind that fatal vision had been. That it, no doubt, a sufficiently looid explanation, tal for all that, I say, as Shake spearo says ' II There sjamors things la Hoaven ana earth ' Horatio : Than ever y on dreamt ol in yoar philosophy.' I af with regard to tha spirit or ghost, - or what you will, ot poor murdered Jim Welsh, my eousln, auS my heart's friend, as I hare said before— I saw it. The dedpherara of tbo papyri which have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoom, have learned from one ot them tba existence , Ola town ifl lower Egypt, all trace ot which eeems to hare idisappeared for the last 1,300 yeari. Tba document is a papyrus, a- littlo over 4U. long by lit. wide, containing a mar rings contract in Greek, and is well preserved. The data is not given, but.Proteisora Kara* bioek and Wasseley believe it belongs to th» early piriot tbe sixth century . Ths bride1 Rroom was named Theon, the brlda llari* She had s- fortune ol her own . amounting to. 100 gild pieccit, and tba fatara hmband en gage* t-j nod for her fool and clothing, and' everyihlng auiublofor '? on ordinary ItglU mata wife.' There sie witnesses' and: ? - notarial* oertlSeata. All tho partieSjaJAWv aoribed as btlonglog to the town of J((ii?Sin- . -; opolia. 'The editors dcolaia that they can Una oa mention ot tthls place among any list* of tho towns, eto.,iot Lower Eg/pt . : Porty variotios of rico are grown inBur mah, tha latutiadditlons to the. territories ot ? .._ GrrAt Britain.' Tbeso ran^a in has from 4jT shite to blook. : Burmah al«o produces mmr-:.| other kinds cf cdiMo grains, one. ot which i»iJ8 known as JobVa, Tears. According to Dr^^ Thomas Moon this grtus derive* its bm*m| from the large, idund, nhin'mg fruit It, besJ^B in which can bo traced some retembl»n«J*^p ttara. ll oocura in Jip«n as; WW rtyl^Hn Ailltio continent. ^'r^ii.i^^OQI 