TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS- By Asmodeob. The irroproachablo form displayed by tbo represontativos of the Kirkham establishment took precedence as the main featuro of the opening celebrations nt Randwick, and, as Mr. Jas. White's winnings already amount to eome- tbing considerable, there are more unlikely tilings than that ho will again top the list of successful ownors for tho season. His victorios are, after all, only commensurate with tho princely mannor in which ho follows tho sport, for it cannot be denied that he affects the turf on a scale of maguiGconce which quite dwarfs tho best efforts of his nearest imitators. Now that tho master of ICirkhain is commencing to assort himself with horses of his own brooding, his' triumphs will afford additional gratification, and thero can be no overlooking the fact that he possesses four colts of high calibre in Aborcorn, Aberdeen, Carlyon and Cranbrook, with the first named of whioh ho has succeeded in attain ing the height ot his ambition, namely, tho annexation of a Derby with a horso of his own brooding. Having obtainod so much, it is moro than probablo that ho will not remain satisfiod until he achieves tho higher honors of tho Vic torian blue ribbonship, on whioh ho at present appears to hold a fair lion. Easy as though Abercorn Battled tho Gold opposed to him ou Saturday last, thero was nothing particularly meritorious in tho performance, and a much more difficult task awaits him at Flemington, where ho will be opposed to a fonnidablo array of fresh talent in Soxtnnt, Tranter, Silverton, Whakawai, Bedouin, Boz, Jebusite, Moorehouso, &c.; Niagara, considering ho was far : from being wound up, rondored a Tory creditablo account of himself, and can be depended on to push his late victor much olosor when they next try conclusions on Vic torian soil. The Australian Feor far from dis graced himself on the occasion of his dibut, but the New Zealand representative, Eufllade, dis appointed liiB followers immensely, and his running gave oolor to. tho assertions of thoso who declared him to be as slow as a carthorse. I doubt, howovor, whothor such a wily .and experienced turf taotioian as Mr. Robin son would oomo nil tho wav from New Zealand with such an arrant duffer as the touts pronounce the brother to Nordenfeidt, who may possibly be seen to mueh . better advantage when tho flowers bloom forth on the lawn at Flemington. Matador, another unsuccessful Derby candidate, will also run better later oh ; but people are begin ning to despair of tbo good-looking Bowmont, who was to perform such big things early in the season, or else not at all. It doe3 not say much for the reliableness of the ofiiciol timcing at Randwick when there occured a difference of 2J sec. between Mr. Alcock and the holders of private watches. This is a very serious diB- orepanoy, arid one which serves to distinguish between an exceptionally good time perform ance and something considerably better. To follow up tho performances of the Kirk ham team, The Charmer finished too closely on tho heels of Carlyon to favor the impression of the brother to Uralla being nn out-and-out clinker; still the Chester colt did all that was asked' of him, albeit thero is a ten dency to discount his win because of the Charmer's jockey losing a stirrup leather just at a time when Tomlinwas in most need of the same. As " second strings " of stables possess ing something superior in the shape of 3-year- olds, Feahody, Moorobank and Rosewood each and all disappointed thoir respective followers; and later in tho day thero were others who succumbed to the overwhelming strength of Mr. J. White, this timo at the instance of Trident, who reappeared in all his pristine greatness, notwithstanding that some of the seers of the training track gave it as their opinion that he had lost his form. The Spring Stakes showed the reverse to be tho case, in addition to furnishing an exposure of form on the part of Dunlop, who surprised everybody by the effective mannor in which he stretched tho favorite's neck on approaching the judge's box. Aberdeen performed the part of pacemaker as efficiently as did Lava in the Derby, and the style in which the representatives of the blue and white flag behaved generally on the opening day reflected creditably, on T. Pay ton, who has so far worthily followed in the footsteps of his mentor and predecessor, Mr. M. Fenneliy. The occasion was also an auspicious one for T. Hales', who looks quite a new man since ho beoamo a benedict. Apart from tho victories of Mr. White's horsos and the races associated therewith, the remaining events decided on Derby Day were only of commonplace concern. Ellerslie en dorsed the correctness of his Caulfield running by tho clever' mannor in which he won the Hurdle Race, under the thumping impost of 11 st. 71b., and Mr. R. Phillips thus made his money out of the Aphany gelding at the first time of asking. By running second, Inviotus did not disgrace himself, and only requires a little more experience to develop into a rattling performer over the email sticks. The easy manner in which the heavily backed Fhaon carried off tho Epsom Handicap told of another good thing treasnred up by Mr. H. Oxenham, arid it was afterwards not surprising to see him advance to the foremost place in the 'Metropolitan quota tions. By scoring a couple of seconds with The Charmer and Dividend, Mr. S. G. Cook fell short of two good things ; and it was only in the last race of tho day that Victory came to the resoue of tho fielders, who were heavily hit all round on the afternoon's transactions. Publio form was forcibly vindicated by Cardi gan's splendid victory in the Metropolitan, and in thus annexing tho two spring handicaps tho son of Goldsbrough and Slgnora has performed a feat which has bat ono parallel, viz. , that of Dagworth in 1872. Unfortunately for Mr. Cham bers the horse was not nominated for either the Caulfield or Melbourne Cups, consequently a rare chance of furthor successes has been missed, as Mr. Barnard would in all probability have treated him with the same leniency as did Mr. hcarr. Now that Cardigan has revealed himself to such an extent, it is plain that the A.J.C. handicapper under estimated his powers '; still, there was nothing in his previous performances to indicate tho possession of such a combination of galloping and staying ability. Of course, the horse was literally turned loose at 6 st 10 lb. and 6 st. 6 lb. respectively, and the mannor in which he carried bis penalty in the Metropolitan tells plainly of how much he had in band at Hawkes- bury. Thero were those who thought Morok would hava defeated him on the Clarendon course had the race , been half a mile farther, but Tuesday's results shows tho idea to have been founded on false premises. Cardigan commenced his victorious career at Newcastle, and by winning three races on end ho has amply recouped Mr. Chambers tho 245 guineas ho gavo for him under the hammor. This is tho same gentleman, it will be remembered, who bought Honeydew, and after winning a couplo of good races with him resold him to Mr. IV. A. Long for A'1000. Mr. Chambers has improved Cardigan iuprotty much the eame manner as he did Honoydow, and his success iu this beariug reflects favor ably on his ability to develop racing form in a couplo of animals discarded by their provious ownors and trainers. But for being an un commonly gamo animal, Cardigan would novor have snatched the victory from such a famous finisher as Acolyto, who wont very near repeating his triumph of two yoars ago. Fhaon aud Dunlop ruled strong favorites at the close of operations, but both cut up badly, a fact all tbo moro incomprehensiblo as tho raco was run to suit thorn. Dunlop's Gno turn of speod should, in particular, have been well served at the end of such a slow two miles. Morok 'and Spade Guinea, another pair entrusted with n largo stako also brought griof to their respec tive partisans, neither did Tho Jewel, ICitawa or Frisco accomplish the trick long since expected of them. Tho remaining events decided on Tuesday contributed to an excellent day's sport. The raco for tho Shorts was marred by an indiffer ent start, in whioh tho freoly backed Folon gained an advantage whioh he maintained to tho finish. All the knowing ones were on Mitrailleuse, who was unfortunate enough to he amongst tho last to got awav. The favorite. Consequence, also got the best of the start in the Richmond Stakes. Consequence, by virtue of her victories in tho Two-Year-Old Stakes, at Hawkosbury, and tho more valuable Rich mond Stakes, at Randwick, has so far proved herself the crack youngster of the season in New South IVales, and in her future engagements are included the Caulfield Foal Stakes and Maribyrnong Plate, for tho first named of which she has in curred a 10 lb. penalty, and for the last named 14 lb. extra. That Consequence is an uncommonly slippery young lady her perfor mances clearly prove, though it is more than probable that her penalties will prevent her from extending her victorious career to Vic torian territory. Consequence, named Taowin in the catalogue, was purchased by Mr. W. A. Long at Sir Thomas Elder's annual sale for 310 guineas, she being tho highest price filly then disposed of. Like all the Gang Forwards, she baB matured early, and also comes from a speedy family on her dam's side, Haidee being by Talk o' the Hill from Hebe (full sister to Ada, dam of Newstead) by Lucifer — Zenobia (imported), by Kingston from Patina, by Pleni potentiary. I may remark that Lady in Waiting, the runner-up to Consequence, is not engaged in either tho Caulfield Foal Stakes or Maribyrnong Plate. It is a peculiar fact that Mr. J. White was unrepresented in tho Richmond Stakes, and it wonld appear as if the Kirkbam team is not so strong as usual in 2-year-olds, though this apparent deficiency is more than balanced by tho 3-year-old con tingent, in addition to a giant like Trident. The Spring Stakes and Oaks afforded addi tional proof of tho immense strength of Mr. J. White's team, tho first-named race bringing out along expected debutant in Cranbrook whose fine proportions and creditable performance over The Australian Peer, Bowmont and Co. created a very favorable impression. There can lie no doubt about him being something out of the common, and as he is susceptible of further improvemout ho will prove a worthy eooond Derby Btring should anything go amiBS with Abercorn. The Englishman colt, Pakeha, was a competitor for the raco won by Cranbook, and his unsuccessful display would appear to put an end to the blue ribbon pros- peots which have been associated with his name. It was an unfortunate occurrence which caused such a ringing of tho market changes between Lava and Perfume, and still more deplorable was the hostile demonstration which followed the return of Hales on the Oaks heroine. Owing to a flaw in the arrangements for announcing the jockeys' names Ha!e3 was first of all given as the rider of Perfume, and in the full confidence of the popular jockey being on the Simon Pure of the stable the great army of professional punters lost no time in investing on the daughter of Newminster. Their chagrin can be imagined wheu Hales was subsequently seen to bestride Lava, who instantly reversed positions with Perfume in tho betting. Sub sequent inquiry revealed the fact that a mistake occurred in assigning the names of the jockeys, but there are certain individuals ever ready to impute dishonorable motives to their fellow men and this class mustered in tolerable force at Randwick on Tuesday, when Mr. White was made tho recipient of such unmerited abuse. The situation wa3 particularly trying for the owner of tho blue and white livery, whoso turf career has been of a most exemplary character, and none but tho most depraved would avon suspect tho master of Kirkham to sanction an act calculated to bring his colors into the alighto3t disrepute. It is long odds that every hooter who took part in the ill-advised demon stration had his " bit" on Perfume, and add to these tho fielding contingent who laid Lava, the personnel of those who took part in the nefarious proceedings is easily accounted for. Tho dead heat between Abercorn and Niagara wa3 quite a featuro of tho third day's raciug at Randwick. Tho Derby gallop must have proved beneficial to tho New Zealand bred colt, whoBe prospects of winning tho V.R.C. blue ribbon are far from discouraging, moro especially as there is room for further improvement in tho good looking half brother to Trenton. Algerian's fine performance in the Sydney Handicap, carrying 8 st. 10 lb. and covering a mile and a half in 2 min. 38t sec. , testifies to the big look in he must necessarily possess for the Mel bourne Cup, for which Mr. Barnard has unwit tingly allowed him to run loose at 6 st. 7 lb. He has entailed a penalty of 5 lb., which can not make any material difference at such a low scale of weights ; and provided Algerian can get to tho end of a fast ran two miles tho great handicap of the year would, on paper, almost appear a matter of health for the gigantio son of Goldsbrough. Dunlop had another unsuc cessful go at Trident in tho Craven Plate, and thero can be no denying tho fact that ho pos sesses a big say for tho remaining weight for age events of tho present season. Gaytime's easy victory in tho Two-year-old Plate brought fresh laurels to Nowminstcr, who has uoiv fairly mado his mark with such representatives as Acolyto, Perfume, Solo, Neivmaster, St. Paul, Sunshado and others. Tho Randwick meeting will bo brought to a termination to-day, tho initial avent on the card being the Second Hurdle Raco, which may he won by Inviotus or Speculation, the first nnmod for choice. In tho Members' Han dicap Lady Yattondon, Moorbank and Rose- thorn may have most to say in the settlement of place honors, aud I don't supposo it is neces sary to look further than Trident for the winnor of tho Randiviok Plato. Aoolyto, Cross fire and Kitawa appear to possess prior claims for tho Wavorly Handicap, while I expect to see Lizotto and Ruby have tho finish to them selves in tho Steepleohase, and victory to rest with tho first named. Affairs will wind up with the Free Handicap, which may go to Tilburn or Victory. . Now that, tho Randwick moating is drawing to a -close, turfites are commencing to oast thoir thoughts in the direction of Caulfield where operations will bo in full swing in a fort night hence-. Tho entries, to which I have made special reforenco elsowhere, betoken a vers brilliant gathering, and ono ot Uio most gigantio ever colebratcd under tho auspices ot tho V.A.T.C. Two important ovents to ba decided on the opening day are the Great Foal Stakes and Guineas, both of which will not ba without their influence on the moro important two and threo-year-old contests to be decide! at Flemington. For the first-named raci are engaged Guildford, Hegira, Quadrant and Witch of Endor, all of which havd performed prominently in this colony, while there is every prospect of Consequence and Miss Thirza paying us a visit from New South Wales. For tho Guineas Mr. White haa nomi nated Aboruurn. Abordeen, Carlyon and Lava, tho best performed of the remaining candidates being Bedouin, Perhaps, Hortense, Escut cheon, Boz nnd Bowmont. Nordenfeldt's brother, Enfilade, is also engaged, as also aro his countrymen, Tranter aud Whakawai, two eolta who aro doing famously nt Flemington nnd may be confidently expected to make their mark during the present season. Of the last four Derbies run for at Flem ington, Mr. James Whito has appropriated three, and if indications go for anything he will be more difficult to displace than ever in the approaching contest for the garland of the Victorian turf. Last season Abercorn proved himself an undoubted clinker, and tho tale told at Randwick on Saturday last shows that he has not lost any of his former brilliancy. Provided all goes well with the good looking chesnnt bo promises to start a warm favorite, and there are moro improbable things than that Mr. White will suc ceed in repeating the Derby and Cup coup with a horse of his own breeding. On last season's form Moorhouse may justly be regarded as one of Abercorn's most dangerous rivals, but so far he has carefully avoided cross ing the chestnut's path. Bedouin's claims have, as j-et, not been considered worthy of being seriously discussed, but the Flemington touts are already busy with the names of Tranter and Whakawai, both of which are deemed superior to their stable companion. Escutcheon, who showed good form on one or two occasions last season. A diversity of opinion prevails regard ing the respective merits of the two New Zea land colts, though when the watchers begin to assemble in stronger force the extra freedom displayed by Whakawai in his morning gallops will in all likelihood secure for him a majority of admirers. Both are exceptionally fine coits, of immense sizo and substance, and the bettor of tho pair may prove a thorn in the side of Abercorn. It appears unde cided as to whether Sextant will come over to compete, and thero are but faint hopes of Silverton being seen at his best until the autumn. Notwithstanding Niagara's Derby defeat his prospects ore in certain well-in formed quarters thought to be far from hopeless, for his condition is such as to afford Foalsham ample opportunity of effecting im provement iu the New Zcaiander, unless his doubtful leg offers opposition. Jebusite belongs to tho dark brigade, doing duty at Flemington, and pencils have already been busy with his name in oonnoction with the Derby and Cup. Last season Sir Thomas Elder's Btud asserted itself through the medium of Hortense, Per haps, Epicurean and others, and the Morphet- ville bred 2-year-olds promise to be even moro formidable in the principal events of tho ensuing year. Consequence, Guildford and Hegira were all three purchased at Sir Thomas's annual sale in Melbourne, and so far they have made a clean sweep of the decks in both colonies. As great things are expected of sevoral others who changed hands at the sarno time as the aforel named, tho establishment over which JIiv Elworthy so ably presides bids fair to again attain to a position of prominenco in tbo 2r year-old statistics of the present season. Mr. R. Phillips had not loug returned from England before ho succeeded in picking up a bargain in Ellerslie, who was backed to win a good stako on Saturday last. Corrigan, the gelding'e former owner, had tho first refusal of tbo mount ; but he was not favorably impressed with the horse's appearance, and elected to steer Society, who had to put up with third place. Power has severed bis connection with Joe Morrison's stable owing to some unpleasant ness which aroso over Hogmanay's defeat at the laBt Mooneo Valley meeting. Mr. S. Martin, I am given to understand, took exception to tho way in which his horso was ridden, rind Power expressed his appreciation of the doubt ful compliment by declining to have anything moro to do with tho crimson and white hoops,' Caloola appoars'to bo a light of other days', or clso ho has designs on tho future. In tho Hurdle Race at Randiviok on Saturday fast ho ran last with 12 st. up in a comparatively poor field, whereas 12 months previously hecantorcd heme for the same race, carrying 12 st. 7 lb., and leaving a formidable team behind him. Thero is reason to boliove that the gang, ot rather gangs, of burglars who have recently committed euch dopredations in tho city and suburbs, meditated a raid on the safes in the offices of tho Victoria Racing and Victoria Amateur Turf Clubs. Tho amount of money deposited on entries at both offices on Monday last was something considerable, and this was evidently anticipated by the designing robbers, five of whom were observed by the man on duty at tho adjacent wntch tower to bo taking n reconnoitre of thosituation'on Sun day night for tho purpose of devising means of obtaining an entrnneo from the upper portion of tho buildings. The look-out man instantly gave tho alarm, but two hours intervened before a posse of police made their appearance. By that time tho five marauders had disappeared from tbo roof of the buildings with cat like agility. ' Mr. Mile3, of tho V.C.C., is fully alive to tho situation, and if thoro should bo any desire to renew tho attempt during tho coming buay season, intruders can reckon ou a suitably reception from a spie rind span six shooter bo has recently possessed himself of. . Mr. Bond received gonoral entries for the Caulfield Cup Mooting last Monday, and a par ticularly gratifying feature in tho satisfactory returns is their intercolonial character, 65 entries .having been sent from Sydney. - When the olub introduced their first, weight fqr-ng .raco, the Caulfield Stakes, the innovation vfaa bn all sides applauded, but I pointed out last f ear that it should havo been made part of the firstiristead of the second day's programme, so that horses engaged in the Caulfield Cup might he induced to compete. This year the altera tion has been made with almost satisfactory result, and amongst those entered for the Caul- field Stakos, with which the meeting is to bo Inaugurated, ore the champion, Trident, and Bueh " celebrities as Honcydew, Silvormine, Niagara, Spade Guinea, Dunlop, Craubrook, Carlyon', Pasha, Mozart, BraTO and lting- maotor. With such an array of talent as this a splendid field and a great' Tnce should rcoale, greater than that of last year when Isonomy Wore down and defeated the great Malua. The Hurdle Race has a fine entry of 24, the most notable absentee being Blue Mountain who ie enjoying a spell; I am glad to see a good entry for the Australian Hunters' Cup, and hope that a fair proportion of the 24 horses nom inated will como to the post, for the decadence of amateur riders' contests is not creditable to the sporting reputation of young Australia. The Toorak Handicap which completes tho first "day's racing has an entry of 44, inoluding a formidable contingent from New South Wales. The second day's . racing opens with tho Maiden Plate; for which 20 entries havo Been received, tho Nursery Handicap has 29 including the Sydney fillies Conscqnenco and Maggie, and in the Selling Rice (21 "entries) the Sydney horses Fnugh-a- Ballogb and Toronto and tho New Zealnnder Teddy Yuilleiaro engaged. Blue Mountain ia not amongst the entries for the Steeplechase, which Is to bo regretted, as his meeting with Royal Oak would have been worth a day's journey to witness, but as there are 24 entries including Mr. Pearson's Grand National winner a good 'field will probably see the posL The last event Jn.the programme, tho Windsor Handicap, has the splendid entry of 56, and as tho list Includes Mitrailleuse, Toronto, Rosewood, Teddy Yuille and Phaon tho last race of the meeting will probably bo of an intercolonial "character, which will add considerably to the interest felt in it On Monday nest, the 26th inst., sires must ho nominated for the Geelong Racing Club hires Produce Stakes, to he run in 1891. Nominations will be received by tho secretaries of tbo G.R.C., V.R.C., A.J.C. and S.A.J.CL, and each one must be accompanied by a promissory nolo for £20 navablo on tho 4lh Januarv. 1891. to the order of the secretary of the Geelong Racing Club. The nominator of the siro of tho winner is to receive 100 sovs. out of the stake. , General entries for the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting to be held next Saturday, tlio 1st Ootober, closed on Monday, and with tho Hunt Club Cup and Flat Raco which had pro- \- viously olosed, it is evident that a satisiaciory card will be presented at the meeting which signalises, tho close of the hunting season. Amongst the 15 entered for tho Selling P.aou are such well known sprinters as Ambassadress, Yiolet, Orlando, Miss Morlin, Avon, 'iabby, Medea and Sorcerer. The Hurdlo Raco has a capital entry of 27 including such well known performers as Whalebone, Elierslie, Star, Goodwood, Mooigai, Eaglet, Vanderbilt, Laua- eor, Qlenduart and Duuetan (who reappoars after a lengthy absence). Tbo entry for the Steeplechase is disappointing, only 10 moderator appearing in tho list, but the Corinthian Flat Race has attracted 21, including Pocahontas, The Chanter, Teddy Yuille, Vinaigrette, Salvo, Maroney and others. The interest attached to tho Doncastor St. Eager was marred by a terrible accident which befel one of the special trains from Sheffield, a collision causing the deaths of 24 persons and wounding 60. The Melbourne Hunt Club wound up the season last Saturday with a capital run from the neighborhood of Newport, acroBs the rail way and Skeleton Creek, over a good hunting country with numerous stone walls, in and out o. the Melton railway reserve and past tho dynamite works, when the stag was brought to bay anil recaptured near tho Geelong-road. Aujongst tho horses which successfully took part in tho chase were a number of those eugagod iu the Australian Hunters' Plate to be ran at the Caulfield Cup meeting. At the North Hamilton Turf Club meeting on Saturday each of two good sportsmen won a tlouble event, Mr. J. C. Ware carrying off the Hurdle Race with Quilt and tho Show Handicap Flat Race with Ballarat, whilst Mr. G. Buck ley won tho Maiden Plate with Art Union and Ahe Selling Race with Darkie. Attended by fine weather, a large number oi spectators and some capital racing, tho Hur- lingham Meeting held at Brighton Park last Saturday resulted most successfully. Gay Lnu in King's hand had no difficulty in winning tho Hurdle Race, and Tabby, who seems to havo unproved, won tho Disposal Stakes clovcrly, and was sold to Mr. T. Jones for £40, all oi which went to " tho raco fund." The lavorito, Katie Darling, won tho Handicap for Ponies (13 hands), Hercules beiug similarly success ful in tho 14 hands event. Rosalie, an even money favorite, carried off tho Trot, and tho Hurlingham Handicap fell to Newmarket, the favorite, Ambassadress, failing to run into a piaco. The following is tho programmo decided upon by tho Wyndham Racing Ulub for their meet ing to be hold on Friday, the 4th November Trial Stakes, 40 sovs., 5 furlongs ; Hurdlo Race, 50 sots. , about 11 mile ; Spring Handi cap, of 100 sovs., lmilo; Selling Race, of 50 ovs., 4 furlongs; and Grand Stand Handicap, of 60 sovs., 6 furlongs. Entries close on Mon day, 24th Octobor. i The annual mooting of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club will bo held on Monday, tho 3rd of Ootober, when Mr. Bond will bo able to place before tho members a very satisfactory state ment of the paBt year's transactions. Sinoo last season great improvements havo been effected both on tho club's grounds and in the takes provided for periodical competition, and notwithstanding, the enormous expenditure entailed therein, the standing liabilities have been reduced to tho extent of £485. The money : devoted to improvements alone amounts to £3795, in addition to which the sum of £1676 has been expended in maintenance of tho course. Every meeting held shows a clear profit, the Cup gathering augumenting tho club's funds to the extent of £3686. Tho fact of £314 being received for training ground feea boars testimony to the growing popularity of Caulfield aa a pre paration ground. ' The club's properly at tho present timo is valued at £19,888. The four retiring members of tho committee are Messrs. M. O'Shnuassy. IV. Martin, I£ Smith, and W. Pearson, who offer themselves for re-eloction. 1 am given to understand there aro new candi dates for Rests on tbo committee, prominent among the fresh aspirants being Mr. Archibald Yuilio, whoso election would certainly bo a a matter of general congratulation. The full programme of tho Elstcrnwiok Park Meeting, which, as usual, will bo held in tho Oauliield Cup week (Wednesday, 12th Octobor) appears to-day. Tho Australian Trotting Sires' Produce Stakes has 225 sovs. added by the owners of nominated sires, and the programme in addition to tho Hurdle Race, October Handi cap Steeplechase and Handicap Trot of 75 sovs. each, includes a Selling Raco of 100 sovs. , and the Elsternwick Park Handicap) of similar value. Entries close on Monday, the 3rd of October. In another column appears the programme of tbo meeting to ho held at Bacchus Marsh on tho 19th Ootober, included therein being tho Bacchus Marsh Cup of 100 sovs., iu addition to five other events, three of which are of 50 sovs. value. The hill of fare ie a very prosentable one, and intending nominators are informed that entries close on the 10th of October. Mr. G. H. Read, of Waldock's Hotel, Ascot Vale, wishes horse owners and trainers to know that ho has to let several loose boxes. They are situated in convenient proximity to tho Flemingtoa racecourse, and aro both roomy and well ventilated. Owners of brood marcs have an extensive Ii6tof aires to choose from this season, tho number of horses advertised to stand in various localities increasing every weok, Mr. L. L. Smith's handsome horse, Liberator, winner of tho champion stallion prize at tho National Agricultural Society's show, is adver tised at the reasonable feo of 10 guineas, a figure which should iuduco breeders to liberally patronise the well bred sire of Liberatress. Mr. Grice'e Arab stallion, Crusader, a perfect at his owner's farm at Berwick, hut mares will be received on Thursdays at Kirk's Bazaar. Crusader, who is the winner of 17 races, has never been beaten, and is rightly described as the beat Arab ever Bbipped from India. The champion roadster stallion, Westward Ho, stands at Mickleham near Bulla Bulla at 6 guineas, and at tho same moderate ice tho powerfully built Cleveland horse, Beverley stands at Killara, near Lillydalo. Beverley, it will bo remembered, took first prize for colo nial bred roadster stailicas at tho National Agricultural Society's show in 1884, when a 3-year-old colt. The imported American trot- ling stallion, Contractor, etands at Bayswater Stud Farm, Scoresby, at 8 guiuoas, a low enough fee for a horse that has takon numerous champion prizes, including the grand cham- pion prize of Australia. The Australian bred horses in India are threatened with a formidable rival in the English 3-year-old, Aintree, who has recently been purchased by the Maharajah of Jodporo, tho price, o:i dit, being £5000. Aintrco, who is by Seflon Irom Electric, finished in iramediato attendance on the placed horse3 in the Derby, and has frequently performed woll in first class : company, his latest effort being in the Great National Breeders' Foal Stakos, whon ho carried Mr. J. Hammond's colors into second place behind King Milan, odds of of 3 to 2 being laid on tho runnor-up, I learn that tho St. Leger winner, Kilwarlin, was purchased by Lord Roduey for £7000 a few days prior to tho departuro of the last mail. The Euglish sporting writers do not appear to havo formed a very high estimate of his ability. This is how one of the contributors to tho Sporting Ufa summed up his St. Loger chanco : — ' His best performance has hitherto been associated with tneT.Y.C., and I cannot at present allow mysolf to entertain for a moment the idea that oven Captain Machcli can trans form him into a Btayer any more than ho could, rice versa l convort a snail into a Stewards' Cup winner." This roads funny on the top of the cablegram announcing Kil- warliu's victory. Mr. Cullon announces another of his mixed meetings for this afternoon, this being tho third successive week in which races will havo keen hold on tho Hurlingham course, tho proprietor of which evidently believes in making bay whilo the sun skinas. Tho attendance has been excellent at tho last two meetings and doubtless tbo pleasantly situated courso will bo again well patronised this afternoon. I may ngain mention that the V.A.T.C. weights, which were originally announced to bo published noxt Monday, will not appear until the 3rd of October, the object of tbo postpone ment being to allow Mr. Barnard an oppor tunity to witness tho running at the Melbourne Hunt Club Meoting, which takos placo next Saturday. The tragic death of Mr. J. G. R. Duffett has sent a terrible paug of grief throughout the Victorian raoing world, in which ho was equally well known and universally popular, and at Canlfield especially the melancholy intelligence of hie sad end dopressed the whole local commu nity. In tho prime of lifo, and in tho full vigor of robust health, a general favorite has suddenly left the scenes wkioh wiil know his cheery pre- eonco no more, and a blithe and gonerous spirit has winged its way in sad and hurried flight into the mysterious world beyond. Reflecting on poor Jos. Duffott, as he lived and moved amongst us but a little wcok ago, one's con templation rests wholly upon bis many good and appreciable qualities, for bad ones bo had few, if any. Hie voterinary studies in the old ooontry, assisted by intelligence and practical ekilfulnest, had ominently qualiflod him for th9 bueineia oi his choice, whloh was to him a I labor of love. His affection for "the old | mare," as ho was acoustomed to call Grace Dar ling, was equal to tho traditional lovo of the Arab for his desert stood, and thoso of ue who knew him well will not soon forget his beam ing expression of prido in Tho Diver's gal lant daughter as ho led her hack to tho paddock, winner of tho Caulfield Cup of 1885. I shall never forget meeting him in tho paddock at Flomingtou ten minutes after Grace Darl ing had been beaten by a head for the Mel bourne Cup, when to my expression of sympathy ho repliod, in tho very hour of what must have been a bitter disappointment, with a cheery " Hard lino's, old fellow, wasn't it?" accompanied by a smile that one might only havo expected to seo on the face of such a winner as ho would have been had tho places been reversed. During tho few minutes' con versation which cn6ued, indeed, ho seemed to bo more imbued with sympathy for ths discon- solation of his jockey, Jack "Williams, than with regret for his own misfortune. With The Ghost and Gadflv ho won tlin Lnrlina' Brneelflt at Caulfield, amongst numerous other races, aud never had " a really good thing " without generously allowing his numerous friends and acquaintances to participate in his success. Few, if any, of tho several sad occurrences associated with tho Victorian sporting world havo caused such general and profound regret as the melancholy incident of his terrible death, and when, on this day fortnight, Caulfield is again throngod by the busy crowd which will assemble to inaugurate tho spring meeting, many an expression of sympathy and sadness will be brcathod to tho memory of poor light- hearted gonerous Jos. Duffott. In connection with tho Auckland (N.Z.) Summer Meeting, whioli takes place on Boxing Day, entries close next Friday, tho 30th inst, for llio Auckland Cup and Steeplechase; ihe gates, booths and other privileges in con nection with tho approaching Melbourno Hunt Club meeting will be sold by auotion, at Kirk's Bazaar, at noon on Tuesday next, the 27th inst. Mr. Geo. Davis intends blistering David, and thereby treating him to a short spell. M. Doyle has arrived at Caulfield from Tasmania with St. Albert and Beadsman. Delamia has left Caulfield for Ballarat, where, it is understood, she goes to the stud. The 2-year-old Toastmnster has gone into R. Phillips's stable, at Flemington. 