DORCAS: OR, THE TRIALS OF CHRISTIANITY SIXTEEN HUNDRED YEARS AGO. A 8T0BY OP PRIMITIVE CHRISTIANITY. BY NATHAN BEN NATHAN, AN ESSENEAN. (AUTHOR OP " ARIUB THE LIBYAN.") CHAPTER X. HE THAT SEEKETH, FINDETU. Then the whole audience united in singing to a sweet and solemn melody the following words : " Lord, as the lamp-light guides onr feet Thro' all this dark but dear retreat, So let Thy True Light mark the road That leads our willing hearts to God, And ble-sedness and peace ! " As here, so far beneath the ground, But for our Lamps a gloom profound, Would darken all with fear and doubt; So would our hearts be dark without Thy light of love and faith. " But for our Lamps fierce beasts would come And make this safe retreat their home ; So would fierce lusts and passions rise To vex our spirits with their lies— But for the light of faith and love. " Lord, as thy people here abide Hidden from ear f hly hate and pride ; So may Thy Spirit teach each heart To live a holy life, apart, Hidden with Christ in God !" Marcellus heard the sweet voice of Dorcas, dwelling lovingly upon the words of that chaste and simple song, and began to think that it was only the ignorance of vindicative hatred that could associate the idea of crime or impurity with a worship so free from any exhibition of passion or pride. But there were yet greater surprises awaiting him. At the conclusion of this hymn the Presbyter kneeled down, saying : " Let us pray !" and allpeople kneeled down. Then spoke the Presbyter, in deep and earnest tones, the whole assembly repeating with him: " Our Father, which art in Heaven, hallowed be Thy name ; Thy kingdom come ; Thy will be done on earth as in Heaven ; give us daily bread sufficient for our daily use ; and forgive us our debts as we also forgive our debtors ; and may we not be led into trial; but deliver us from trouble; for Thine is the Kingdom and the Power, and the Glory, Forever. Amen." And then the Presbyter alone said : " Almighty God, who hast given us grace at this time, with one accord, to make our common supplications unto Thee ; and dost promise that when two or three are gathered together in Thy Name, Thou wilt grant their requests ; fulfill now, 0 Lord, the desire and petitions of Thy servants, as may be most expedient for them ; granting us in this world knowledge of Thy truth, and in the world to come, Life everlasting." And the people said : " Amen!" Then the Presbyter alone continued in prayer, saying : " Most Gracious God, in whose hands are the destinies of all nations, and of every man, we humbly beseech Thee to bless Thy servant, Maxentius, the Emperor of Rome, and all others in authority ; open his eyes to Thy truth, that he may escape Thy righteous judgment by due repentence ; that he may cease to vex Thy people and so order his government, that peace and happiness, truth and justice, religion and piety, may be established among us for all generations ; and that we, Thy servants, being hurt by no persecutions, may evermore give thanks unto Thee in Thy Holy Church, through Jesus Christ, our Lord.* And all the people answered : " Amen." And the Presbyter, stretching forth his hands over the people, said : " The grace of Our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Hbly Ghost, be with us all evermore. Amen!" Then said the centurion to himself : " They even invoke the blessing of their God upon the Emperor Maxentius, who persecuteth them to the. death." Then the Presbyter said : " Ye that do truly and earnestly repent of'all sins, and are in love and charity with all your neighbours, and are leading holy, lives, following the commandments of God, and walking in His holy ways, draw near with faith, and take this Holy Sacrament to your comfort, giving most humble and hearty thanks to God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, for; the redemption of the world by the death and; passion of Our Saviour, Christ, who did humble himself, even to the death upon the cross, that He might make us the children of God, and. exalt us unto everlasting lifej enabling us, even in tnis present world, to put our whole trust and confidence in His divine mercy, and to serve Him in holiness' - an/1 ipureness ol living, the fruits of which are love, joy, aftd peace, ahd the ' end of which is life eternal." Then, as many as could do so kneeled round the table, and the Presbyter, rempving that linen cloth which Md excited the curiosity of MarceUus, uncovered a flagon of wine, a small cup, and a plate fall pf u&leavenei; bread. ,; Thereof he gaye : "The bo^y of Onr I&nl; Jesus Likewise, taking the cup of wine, he gave unto each of them, saying : « The Blood of Our Lord Jesus "Christ, which He shed for you, preserve your souls and bodies unto everlasting life." And, when they had partaken, he said : "Arise ye, and go in peace, and the peace of God be with you." And others took their places successively, until all had been served. Then the whole assembly rose and united in chanting the following words : " Glory be to God on high, and peace on earth amongst good men. We praise Thee! we bless Thee! we worship Thee 1 we give thanks unto Thee, 0 Lord God and everlasting King !" And the Presbyter kneeled down, and all the people with him, and the Presbyter said: " Almighty God, Father of all mercies, that by Thy Son, Our Saviour, Jesus Christ, didst create all worlds, and all their natural laws, by which the order and harmony of the universe subsistetb, to whom all things are possible, we, Thy faithful servants, beseech Thee, if it be in accordance with Thy faithful servants, beseech Thee, if it be in accordance with Thy holy will, vouchsafe Thy mercy to us and guard and keep us for Thine own glory, and for the sake of Jesus Christ, Our Lord. Amen." And all the people said : " Amen." people praised God. And the The Roman rubbed his eyes, to assure himself that he was not in a dream, but the Christians seemed only as if it were to them a pleasant but not uncommon thing to be thus 'praising God together. CHAPTER XI.—PIKEBE SEEKETH J>6KCAS. When Lucauius and Phosbo iv.;<j!ieJ their home beyond the Tiber, after the young girl had been released from the prison, many of the Christians who had heard the fact that t!i<\v had been seized and carried into the city assembled to give expression of sympathy for their sufferings, rejoicings for their liappv escape, and reverence for Lucaniua, who was thenceforth numbered among the " Confessors," as they were called, who, because of their devotion to Christianity, had endured torture, bA had escaped martyrdom. Among these friends was Doscius, presbyter of the community of which both father aud daughter were members, who warmly commended the quiet faithfulness evinced by Lucanius in the trial which he had undergone. Phoebe said unto Doscius : "Knovrest thou where the Presbyter Epapliras may be found ? or knowest thou the way unto his chapel ? " And Doscius answered : Yea-; his chapel is in the catacombs, upon the other side of Rome, a long distance out on the Appian Way." " I desire, much to obtain speech of Dorcas, the daughter of Faustina, who is ward to Epaphras, if thou canst direct me to his chapel." "If thou wilt go beyond the Tomb of the Scipios, along the Appian Way, not far beyond, thou wilt find a vineyard and a cottage built of sun-dried bricks, upon the left band of the highway. There dwelleth an ancient man whose name is Gregorius, he will guide thee into the chapel of Epaphras." On the afternoon of Saturday, Phoebe, accompanied by her father, crossed the Tiber at the Bridge of Fabricus, and passing by the Temples of Fortune and Vesta, the Circus Maximus and the Tarpeian Rock, entered upon the Appian Way, which they followed through the valley that winds along the base of Mount Aventine and 'Celinus, to a point some distance beyond that indicated by Doscius, and soon found the cottage he had described, and the aged Gregorius, to whom, by certain signs' usual among them, they made themselves known as Christians ; and Gregorius cheerfully undertook to guide them to the chapel of Epaphras. Lucanius thereupon returned to his own home, and Phoebe followed the ancient a long distance, and, finally, by one of the many secret entrances to the catacombs, descended into the mysterious recesses, where Gregorius soon found and lighted two small lamps, one of which he gave to Phoebe ; and they thereupon took their way through the long subterranean galleries. Afyr several turns and windings had been passed, they heard the voice of an unseen sentinel crying out: " Walk y6 by faith ? " to which Gregorius at once replied : " In His name ! " Then pausing, the old'man said s " This maiden is a Christian who seeketh Dorcas, the daughter of Faustina. Knowest tbon where . she may be found ? " ' "I know not," said the sentinel, " but the women who have charge, of our chapel can tell you." . " How shall the maiden reach their abode ? * said Gregorius. "Let her follow this gallery, and take every one that openeth into it from the left., At the fourth opening she will find guides." " Art thou afraid to go alone? " asked Gregorius.'^-' .' " Nay," replied Phoebe, " for "there can be none but Christians in the catacombs:" " Then fare thee well, daughter," said the ancient?' '• /••-•. v " ' ' . " Many thanks for thy kindness," said Phoabe^. " and &u;«weU.'' .m 