AMUSK MENTri. < TjF.AH. TH K KOlbSAKKN." At hifrequent ititeivais the luiuine of the stage management which sustain the play goer with ail ordinary u.e: of m.'.iera drama varied try an infusion of el.t-:e i:it-j:i'i?d to act as a t.mic m-jhem? is broueii be m? unex prcted ml roil Ue. lull ul soiue wortc w.i. on ts nenuer iuu oue nor tl:?other. Dr. Moentu ii'- story of tne >iyr;an persecutions of wnich Ueaii is the lewujh heroine is a piece of this kind, neither uosn.i>c i of tiie Juu.lern tone, w hicii covers :i tr.uiiitude of sins (rum th? popular eye, nor y?; instinct with the rare literary tiuirii which, like bounty of every biiid, i, of ah ages and times, and buiehticd in one word a« ci.v«-ic. " Leah the Foif.ukeu " is now simply oid-f.ishionvd, and we confess that the reasons which impel managers from time to time to drag the pi ay ftoia the back ul the theatrical cupboard ii a mystery. It. was so diugged forth by air. Dumpier'? company iast August, aud now Mr. Ho.luway has revived it at the Criterion Theatre," where the air ii impregnated with the dust of worn-out Fmitiuicnt. and s;a:» bombast. Of course there is somcthiug beside this in the piay, and it is pro bably the real wnm.uilin?-.s of trie character ot Anna, ami the simple piety of Lore!) i he village magi: rat., that siil! keeps tiie who:? sweet. "When Thackeray wrote Vanity Fair" lie was accused ol being unable to draw a woman who was not either wuobv good, like 'AuiCiia," or wholly bad, like Becky' Shurpe." Anna is of the (oimer type, gently reproachful under ill-usage, eompkmiinglv good-tempered and (w? are not now comparing her with "Amelia") so tall ol copybuul; maxims and good advice th a we can weli understand how terrihly bored Uudolf must have beeu by his live y cars' engagement, and how .-eiluctive it? inns; have found that thorny riwe, the ardent Jewish maiden. MiaS Ada 8te-.de appeaiDd as the gentle Anna on Saturday night, and may be fatrlv congratulated ou an evenly good imper sonation. Air. CuLet Dub.-on cuiutailv made- up as horenz, was mildiv benignant, aud Mr. Alfred Itoifo as Father Herman played t.p to the character by as.-uniiiig a very superior air ituke i wh-.'iiever lie uii'eied ghostly counsel and r.ti vice, and this was nearly every tint? he opened his mouth. Air. Albert Norman did not impress the tuui.euce as Nathan the Apostate, and ho lost the great oppor tunity of tragic display in the storm scene after the murder, where Mr. Pampier wu.-. a. ways particularly strong. However, wy never > el saw all actor who w an consist eiitiy impresaire as Nathan. Ail Mm-j characters are familiar here and our reader: whl not need to be re minded how nrittici.il they aie and how over- bufthened with speeches of inordinate length, during which the other actors iu the drama have to throw a worid of ac-piiescent intelli gence into the lifting of an eveorow, tiie wink of an eye or the nod of a head. Mr. Kichard .Stewart as Haus did marvels in this way, ami amongst minor characters reference must be made to Miss V. Yiviennc, who made a very pretty village coquette as Uuse. The piece is wry brightly staged and all the principal actors were called to the iron: bv ;ui aumiriug house. Mm JtDsie Jer.yn was one of tho-e who gained the approbation of the audience before whom she in.uie ho r iiist appearance Leah. This par: ha always been an "ambition" in t lie actor's profession. The author has made the other characters in tiie drama unreal by reason of their verbosity, and he seems to take his ri'V?ng» in Leah, who has less to say in proportion to tbe time she occupies :iio boards tnan any heroine who ever wa ked the siugc. Tills ami t it neroicj in which hts h-Toine indulges makes an artistic impersona tion of the part doubly dirticult. Miss Jeuyns has apparently conceived a character half frenzied by persecution aud the con-taut recol lection of racial wr -ngs. Unfortunately, the actresH only succeeds iu umpU;iiMng the melo dramatic r'ide of the part, which lends itself readily to such an interpretation, The first act discloses the Jewess flying from the p . palace, fearful yet ue'iant, ami here Miss Jenvns po.-tures in an exaggerated way, which all her pieiure-upie bcatitv ami naiural grace does not save from monotony on repetition as the p. eve ! proceed-'. Leah snni.k.-; irom the ero.-.s, from j the storm, from her lover's curse and Loin the ! Sight of his wedded happme.-s, an- 1 this cninter- j rup-.od stale of nervous fear whioi. is indicated bv the playwright is strangely ind-tcd upon by Miss Jeiiyns, who works n.-rself up to such a pitch that the approach of her lover e.ui-es her to gasp as if she saw hi ghost. Ad th;- delighted a section of the house, who thriilcd witii a reflux feeling of the horror depicted by the act red. Froiu an artistic point ot view, however, whicii is the oiny point from which criticism is po-sib!e, the impersonation was a: once conventional aud immature, ami very different 'Tom anything yet vouch-afed by the artift. whom we regard as the first oi greit promise that Australia has produced. With Miss Jeiiyns, Mr. Hubert Hunan was most fre quently associated as Kuiiolt. lie play ed through out in ;t quiet, manly and natural way, and in the rare moment wlmn Miss Jenvm forgot to posture and threw the gl.unorol her attractive grace over the love passages, those scenes were prettily played by both the actors coucerned. 