a 'ALL S8AINTS', ST. KILDA. A11 Saints' Church, St. Kilda, was deiniely"dackd on Sunday night last, when his Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne preached:- The lessons were read by the RRiv. J. H.. Gregory, the incumbent, and the musical, part of the service was very abl-'peiformed. .The choir, which we refer tolat greater length in another part of this isbse, has .made'wbnderful progress since taken in hand a few months ago by Mr Charles Truelove., Dr Goe preached an earnest and practical sermon, taking his tedifrriili I. Thesealoiiane v. 21 iL-"'Prdove al;thinbs;lihld fast tliat which is good." He sad- 'Th'ciatural indoleice of the human miersideehliv ii attes of religion, is a eeri'us'hindranio to thie zealous quest of truith To pick 'upa m8iart, epigrammatic saying'b'iit a'religious newspaper or review, -and adoit itas ir owii?f ad repeat it as if itiberntlie itsulf:tf our own cogitations, is veiyeity, nd costs no mental effort. But it'is quite ia different thing to set tli mind to writ; to Abbtriact it for a time from the. viaidi; o tiitwvrd objedcts which court its atfehtioh af'dicompelit to seaich out what. is'ui"i'" Fo' this; hmong other reaso?s, it oiefiese oi'pass that any system which pro p6oilhtb:relieve' us' of the responsibility of fdomiidg iour own opiiions on religious matters, is very attractive tf a large class of miids. -If h church or a; priesthood shold say to t hem, " Accept my' teachiig witholiut enqiry, place yourself in my hands absolutely,' and. I will guarantee your etrnial 'safety;" the offer has great .attrac tioiiW'for mnany; and it is sometime's ac ce~ted,' under the plea perhaps of obedience t'aiithbrity, biit really from sheer idlenessI; byfit'the mind 'is freed from 'the trouble and anxiety of seeking trith. But the' Scriptures altogetherdiescourage this in dolent habit: "*My son, if thou criest after knowledge, and-liftest tip thy voice for understanding; if, thou seekest her :as siler,1andl searcbept for her. as for hid ". treartesj;.then halt .thou understand :the fear of.the Lord,and find the knowledge of God.'" ;.!' e are as.much responsible before God.for the right .use .of the. mind in its own'sphere of, action, as we are for the right use of the' body. A cndid, humble, eia~nefit.puistuii.f diviie truthias as much our duty'as"it is ' to' keep .the body in temoperance, sobriety, and chastity;" and fd'fthe'direction of our intellectual 'powers, ais well as for tbe control of our bodily appetites, we shall give an account before th'e tribunal of'Christ. The passage before u-?-s.nspicuously teaches the responsibility irider ,whiih we. are laid by God, as re gards 'piritual'trath. St. Paul is speaking of:the "subject' of 'rophesyings. One of thii i'B'"erniatiral gifts of the Holy Ghost bestowed on the .primitive church was the gift`f rdpliecy:(I. Cor. xii. 10). 'St. Paul attached great importance to the.' exercise of this'gift;it edified. and instructed the chiiuic;' it was not 'limited to 'the predic tidi f fatture events, but :it consisted in' the':declaration of divine truths genera?lly under'the speciial guidance of the 'Holy Spirit.' he Apostle cbinceiv'es'f it here as afil; ie w?ich muist'it be extinguished. He says "qi~ench not," &':. 'Do not damp the ardourt , itt enthusiasm' generated by the Spirit 'of 'God in' the hearts of those in whom the'prophetice gift resides; do not despisie its varied iianifestations. But, strtheselhie time (iere we have the warn iiig'bf the text) prove all things; do not accept all'the utterances of the prophets with .u:idiscriminatiig applause; but "'prove," bring to the test, "all things" that .yo??hear, and having done so, "hold fIit," that which is "true and sound." (Oompaie I. John iv. 1). Such "advice as' thibs is 'as needful 'for us 'Iozo as it was'iifor the Thesaalonians 'icn. Oaur tileseiire'iemarkable not so, much for the eftieence, as for the wide: difusion, by pul-' pilir platformi and press, of various and discordaii: rligiodis opinions. Every sect, eery school of thought, has its magazine, or newpaper, or staff of advocates, seehing popilir favour.; evern within the pale of our own clhurch divergencies of opinion are numerous, and strongly marked. In view dof ich.a state of things, I think the Apostle would say to. the "meir of our geneiation'? " prove." "Prove," not ap provei " Some peoplle do this; whatever they hear, if.it be recommended by good diction oridelivey, and by an earnest man ner, they'are ready to'applaud"it; they listen unthinkingly, and do not take the trouble to consider if. it be true.; they do not'prove all things. I'Negat quis ? Nego ait ,qui ?aeai, Poetrems, impervavi egomet ii?i, -omia aiienfari." 'But it may be aMd, ho shall.we prove ? Word prove= tr or' test, as refiners try metals in the re,'eparating the pure from the dross. Thus you are 'bidden .to prove.all things which' you 'read or 'hear touching divine Strutl Now God has. given us three aids bi;which' we may prove, &c.; '(1). 'Reason. It.as beeinwelI called "the candle of the iord 'fithiius t;".anid it should be exercised Scadidly, egariestly, on divine truth. .I say, cain ly, foir it is to be feared.that ithere areo oome who dilgently .eii'idy, their leaBoming powero not t'diiover truth, but with a'preconceiveddetrmination to prove. relgio` false. 'Buter says ":If there, are 4any ,.persons who never set themselves, heartily'arid'in earnest to e informed in ieligion; i'if ther ae ar y who secretly wish,it may not prove true, and are less astteitive to evidence than to .difficulties, rid ,mnire to objections,' than to what is sa id'iiiiiswer to them : these persons will scarce be'thouglit ih:ialiely way of seeing the evidence of .feligion ,though it were mtost certainly true, and' capable of being evI er; "fully proved. (2).' Prayer (Ps. xiv. r5.): , God enhcourages us to pray for divine illuminatiopn. 'St. Paul prayed' for his conv~its that God .onldgive them' a spirit, Of l wisdom'.and' :reverence ' in the lknowledge of Hii,: 'having the " eyes of their heart enleneld.'" if~you say, I.am idifuea'ly'cdntradidtory opinions ini ruli gion, ,I ,know. not .whatto believe,. I am readyIto despair, of ascertaining the truth; I would sk.do youplray to ,God, in humble expectation :bf ai answer, 'for light and knowledge. "H ha. sent into the world 'His holy Spirit, "the sSpirit of truth," to teach His people, to guide them into all the truth; do you pray for..His gracious in fuiiuenes'? (8). Holy Sripture.. Example f the Bersoanis... I fear it would be'found tlhalt '-,mparatively few persone.: really ituday te rBible; that they are content S.t the.' most. iuperficial acquaintance ifth if:. ,Are'there not some whose'know lege',of:the Bible is conflned to wiat.ihey a .ofit .,in 4church,aidndwho nevertliiok freading it i. secret, .with a view to be 1 ,. l Yet it 'iti'.he authoriiiitive essage frm God to man-- the ultimate ltandard tf' ppeal, o to0which our chich ,ids? i;refep ini alliatters of religion; so A;ch I, tliat', even .the, three oCreeds, terale as they ore for their .antiuity, ,' It: be received inid believed,'.6nly . .they may be proved by most cer tain warrant of holy Scripture." By 'heo exercise of reasin; then; by,.rnest prayer, by study of the a ered oracles, we are to " prove alF thiigs'." II. Biit the wisdmhi and the duty of doing this are powerfully enforced by the second clause in tho'iteit 'dhold fast,' &o.; .Fhe time is coming whed we. shall need to bli0o a 'firm hold of the saving truths of the Gospel. The cbditges of time rob Iien of earthly good. We iuist relax ourl hold 'on the friend, dearer tian' life, and see himb'orne to his long home; our hold will be loosened on 'all earthly, enjoyments by thd failure of health or the' growing infirmitieS of 'age, and when' the silver cord 'of life is loosed, and the' golden bowl is broken; then we shall all foir ever leave our hold upon the things of. this world. Happy will it be for us then if we have learned to hod'd fast that which is 'good, if we have On an chor of the soul then, stire and steadfast. How shall we secure' it? We 'must first br'nve it; when it is probed ly individlualeierience, then and not till' then; is truth really our Piebd f the body des riotbedome ours by gazinig'ubi it or.talking' f it . or hearing of it, ot pre rin it for. the Iconsunption of otherse but by partaking of it only thus ddeis food"ec'oime part of ourg iees, and iouirish and 'support.the body "Ad nobtotherwise is it with the 'troth of the Gospel, which' we are here bidddn to hold fast. You may ha vebeen .brought up tho b'elieve it, and to repeat its Creeds ;, you :may have accepted it, your .parents taught you it, and you believed themi wiser than you. "But the time nay come when you will be assailed by doubt's, and it' will seem as if 'a thick fog had splread itself over the sky, aid 'the truth which you'tbought as stable as t£ho everlasting hilla seems. buried in obbidurity and uncertaiity. :Anid you will discover that 'you had never proved it, that yoiu h'a? never appropriated it, never made' it "ours by a lividg faith ; that it had never become iasimilated to your tiioral "nd indtllectual b?ing. This would be a painfiil discovery, but it.?s better thatit shouldb;e' made now in order that ,you midy begin'Ia once to pursue a' wiser.:and a safer course. Makilie that which is goodyours byan, act'of absolutetrust in the incarnate Lord, who says to you " I amnthe Truth," and'then you will be able to hold fast that which is good. Reinember theelord's own 'words:' "That in the good ground these are such' as in an honest and good heart, having :h'eard the word hold it .fast, and bring forth' fruit with patience." The duty' of "holding," &e.;, is doubtless one of special difficulty in our day. Men's minds are sorely exercised as' to tha't great question"' What is truthi?" The 'fountains of the great deep; of the divine inysteries seem broken upi , ew, aim many are being tossad to and fro on the sea of doubt without rudder, compass or anchor age. It is 'a trying and "searching time. But the second Advent will terminate all' the conflicts of the people of God, aiid bring theddxceeding great reward "'to 'hii that o6ercometh." It may be th'at failure of faith will be oiie of the mnost~ prominntut features of the latter day: " When the'8on of Man comineth shall He find faith on the earth ?"- Let it be ours to obey the divlie injunction' "That' which ye hav'e alreadly, hold fast,'till I come." 