AT TREVENNA COTTAGE. CHAPTER VIII.—Continued They drew nearer the house, their foot steps making no noise in the yielding sand. When they reached the rude door which opened into the kitchen, they paused agaiu to listen; but all was as silent as a dwell ing of the dead. Then Joel lifted the latch gently and pushing open the door a little way, he craned forward his long neck and peered round the desolato room. We nee not have bothered ourselves,' he said with a grunt ot disappointment. 'There ain't a soul here.' . 'Still, they must ho' been here last night else why the wheel-tracks ?' returned the other. ' Perhaps, though, it was only to stow something away.' There's said to be many a queer hiding place about these old walls.' They had entered the kitchen by this time and were peering eagerly around; but the place seemed oven more empty and disman tled than usual. 'There's the remains of a fire on the liearth, and that's all,' grumbled the ex sergeant. ' It's a funny caper, say what you will,' answered Martin. .' Two. men and a trap at this blessed ruin at one o'clock in the morning! They must have had business liere, or they would'nt ha' come. Very well, then, the question is, what was that buisness ? Before Joel could frame any reply to this perplexing problem, there came a sudden cry. «Help! help! called a voice, that sounded strangely near and yet far away; but whence proceeded, the two startled men could not evenguesa. The eyes of one went up to the roof, while those of the other went down to the floor; then they reversed their gaze, and then they stared at each other blankly. 'Here's a startsaid Martin in a whisper . 'Where did it eonie from, mate V 'Blessed if I know. Down the chimney ifc seemed to me.' 'They do. say how there was; a murder done hero years ago. Maybe it's the'— Help! help !' cried the voice again. «That's no ghost's voice; it'a real flesh and. blood,' exclaimed Joelstardily. 'There is some poor soul hereabouts as needs a helping hand.' • 'What say y<ra?' fRight yoaaee. I'll stand through thick and tianJ 'Then Til give'him a hail,' said Joel who Ilived so long among fisher-folk that he Epofae like one to the manner bora. ' Hillo* mate/ be called oa^, 'where be you T * Here, bete," responded the mystefiaus voice. 'Where be here?" ' Fni shut up in a duogeou tsuder vom feet—jast below where you &re;,staiidiug.1 The two meu gave a leap. 1 Uuder our feet! Theu it did not conse down the eliim |>ly, afkx jUI/said Uic ei-ser^caut. ' Wlio brought you here ?' going down stiffly on liis kuee, in order that liis ques tions might bo more distinctly heard. ' Thiit is more tlmu I know ! I was in sensible at the time.' Bless us and save us ; I shouldn't wonder if lie was hid away at the bottom of the trap that passed mo on the road last night,' said Joel. Then ho called again: How long liavo you been here?' 'About a day and a night, as near ns I can judge,' came the answer; ami indeed to to Mr. Saverne tlio dreary hours had soemed twice as long as that.' 'Make your mind easy sir. You are among friends, who will help you, never fear.' The instinct of the old soldier had told him that ho was talking with a gentleman. Tho two men consulted together. What was to be done ? The kitchen was iu com ploto darkness by this time, and they had no means of obtaining a light They were at a loss to know in what way they could most readily effect the release of the pris oned man. Their belief was that,liko them, selves, ho was in the dark, only the darls iioss down there must be far more intense than it was above the ground. Tlioy groped about on the floor for some traces of a trap 'door, but. could not find none. At length it was decided-that. Martin should go back to the village for lights and assistance, leav ing Joel meanwhile to keep watch and ward till his return. This determination and communication to Mr. Savcrue, who did not fail to express his thanks ; and then Mnrtiu set out at quick pace to the villiage. Joel, having lighted his pipe, began to pace to and fro outside the door. It reminded him of the time when he had done sentry-duty twenty years before. Martin was back in less than an hour bringing with him half-a-dozeu volunteers among whom was a village carpenter with a bag of tools. There, too, by a fortunate chance was Dr. Mayfield in his gig. The doctor had been returning from visiting a patient, when he had overtaken the little crowd on their way to Hoogies; and on hearing their errand was the rescue of a gentleman who was said to have been, shut up in a dungeon of the old house for four and twenty hours, he had determined to accompany them. It might be that in such a case his service would have to be brought into requisition, besides which his curiosity was aroused. Half-a-dozen candles was quiokly lighted and then the carpenter set to work. A brief examination of the floor sufficed to convince him of the existence of a trap-door but he utterly failed to discover the means by which it worked. There was, however, no time to waste in experiments while the prisoner below was waiting to be released, so he rolled up his shirt-sleeves, marked a square with chalk on the floor, and opened his tool basket. In less than half an hour he had cut an opening in the thick plank ing large enough for a good size man to squeeze himself through. A dozen necks were eagerly craned forward as the last piece of planking wa.s torn away, and, t° the suprise of every one, a faint gleam of light was seen to irradiate the darkness below. ' Hurrah,' shouted the little crowd heart ily. No doubt thete would unlimited beer and tobacco atthe end of such an adventure i as this ! ' Here you are, sir, all alive 0 cried tho ex-sergeant in his cheery tones. By this time the dark figure of a man could be discerned, dimly outlined, by the faint glimmer of his dungeon. 'Thank you my friends—thank you, every one,! responded this figure. 'But will you please tell me how I'm to get out? 'i see no stairs, no'— 'Here bo a ladder,' called out a voice. Everyone turned, and two bats were knocked off, as one end of Bosy's ladder was pushed unceremoniously through the crowd. Two minutes later, Mr. Saverne was stand ing among his new found friends,'shaking hands with each of them in turn. Joel i and Martin were the first for whom heasked i and then the sturdy carpenter came | ;n next for his thanks. Cut not to cold j thanks alone, which fills no man's stomach, was their reward to be limited, as he at once led them to understand. Then Dr. Mayfield introduced himself. 'I thought it not unlikely from which our good friends here told me that.my services might be required. Although scarcely pro fessional of me to say so, I am heartily glad to find that they are not, But my gig is outside, and if I can give you a lift anywhere I shall be happy to do so. For the present; I will refrain from inquiring how it happens that I find you in so strange a predica ment" ' I am really much obliged to you doctor answered Mr. Saverne gratefully; 1 but first of all can you tell me how far I am from Boseombe Regis ?' 'A good three miles. Is that the place you want to go to V 'It is, and as quickly as possible ?' 'Then I'm your man. Boseombe Regis is where I live.' 'Then perhaps you are acquainted with a certain Captain Avory:' 'I certainly have the pleasure,' answered the doctor drily. 'Is Travenna Cottage your present dest ination, may I ask.' Edward Savnvno hesitated for a moment tlion lie said : 'It, if.' Wlint other answer, ho asked himself,was it possible for him to give ? Before ho decided upon anything, ho must sco his cousin and demand certain explanations from him, which explanations would liavo to be very complete and satisfactory indoed. Yes, wlmtover his nfter-course might be, ho must certainly go first of all to Travenna Cottage. Meanwhile, not even to this worthy doctor, who seemed to take such an interest iu him, would he say a word that would seem in any way to inculpate Lu cius. & 'When you are ready, I am at your ser vice,' said the doctor But Mr. Saverne would not leave till he had divided the contents of liispurseamoug those who hod done him such a good ser vice. He took down in his pocket book the addresses of Joel and Martin, and promised to visit them at Cawdray in the course of a few days. After this, the doctor aud ho mounted the gig, and set off amid the plau dits of the little crowd. By this time it was quite dark, but the evening was clear and starlit, and the doctor had driven over the road for years. They had halted a little while to breathe the niaro on the brow of Llio hill, when Mr. Saverne said, after rathor a loug silenco: 'I must apologise for not introducing myself earlier to you. My name is Edward Saverne. I a m a cousin of oaptain Avory, and I have but lately returned from Australia.' If his companion had announced him self being a verctible ghost, Dr. Mayfield could scarcely havo been more startled thaQ he was for a moment or two. He drew away from him as far as the limits of the gig would allow him and stared with wide astonished eyes—a look which the other could feel rather than see. Then he Baid to himself: 'Pooh 1 the fellow's an im poster.' •What you tell me, sir, is simply impos sible,' he remarked aloud. 'Mr. Edward Saverne, the cousin of Captain Avory of Travenua Cottage, and late of Australia, died and was. buried at Boscombo Regis close on a month ago from the present time. I, sir,—Julious Mayfield, at your service— attended Mr. Saverne professionally during his last illness, saw him within six hours of his death, signed the certificate of his burial; and, if you choose, sir, to accompany me to-morrow morning, I shall have much pleasure in— Ahem 1 I mean that if itj will be any satisfaction to you, I can point out to you his grave.' It was now the other one's turn to stare. A brief silence ensued. Then Mr. Saverne said, in a slow,dogged way which was habit, ual with him in certain moods: ' Well, doctor, I don't know what the fellow you buried called himself, but I do know this— that the man beside you is the real Simon Pure. If that's not so why did my cduBin Lucuis drive me to Trevenna Cottage ? Why did his wife welcome me as her kins man from Australia, and provide a nice little supper for me? Why Bat I need not pursue the subject further. If it's not out of your way, doctor, perhaps you won't miud setting me down at Trevenna Cottage, and then' He paused. And then, what? he asked himself. Was he in the land of witchcraft, or where was he ? If he had been puzzlod and mystified before, he was a hundredfold more puzzled and, mys tified now. ' I will gladly set you down at Trevenna Cottage,' answered the doctor as he whipped up the mare. A horrible misgiving was be ginning to take possession of him. . He had not forgotten the hints and suggestions of foul play thrown out by Mr. Muncaster. Other little things he had not forgotten which he had noted in his memory at dif ferent times. What if there should be some fonudation of truth behind all these ugly surmises! The thought turned him sick. Turning to his companion a little abruptly he said: 'pardon me, sir; but if you are the person you represent yourself as being, you can hardly fail to represent the con tents of the will you made previously to leaving England. Would you mind en lightening me as to the nature of one or two of its clauses ?' 'Not at all,since we seen! to be altogether at cross purposes. My will contained but one clause. Bat it I bequeathed to my cousin, Lucius Avory, as my nearest living relative, the proceeds of a policy of insur ence on my life for five thousand pounds. Nothing could be tmore simple.' It was some moments before the doctor could find his voice, and when he did he trembled with an emotion he could not con trol. 'If what you say be true, sir—and I dare not doubt that it is—then it becomes my duty to inform you that you have been made the victim of one of the vilest frauds that ever entered into the heart of a wicked man to conceive and carry out. To-mor row—Wednesday—at noon, Captain Avory is due at the Stork Insurance Company's office in London, there to b* paid a cheque for five thousand pounds, the same being the amount due on a policy of insurance bequeathed him by his cousin, the late Edward Saverne, who died on the 12th of last month, and was buried at Boscoin be Eegia." TO BE CONTINUED. 