TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Bs A6MODEUS. Seeing that tho result of tho racing at Hobart and Launcoston cannot reflect tho slightest significance on impending events in this colony, thoso who, have this year undertaken the Tas- manain tour havo dono so from purely pleasuio- ablo motives, and at the sacrifice of much more important racing events which will meanwhile engago attention at Cauliiold and Elsternwiok Park. To the professional habitues, thoso who require to keop every move on tho turf chess board under minuto personal observation, tho homo business on hand and its rolativo in- fluenco on tho groat autumn campaign at Flemington is of too material a oharaotor to admit of a run across tho Straits ; heuco none but tho Bohemian typo of turfites will bo found missing from tho gay throng on tho heath at Cqulfiold to-day. Tho Oakleigh Handicap, in particular, will not ho without its direct import on the Newmarket Handicap, as was the caso last year, when William Tell fore shadowed his Flemington victory; and in tho same mauuor wo may not hopo in vain that tho Hawksburn Handicap will throw a gleam of light on tho Australian Cup. Tho remainder of tho running will also bo franght with concern, inasmuch as tho form displayod will to a largo extent guide Mr. Barnard in framing tho minor handicaps of tho Floming- ton moating, and which ore duo on Monday next ' The acceptances published on Tbursdayjshow a. great falling off in tho principal events, but notwithstanding this diminution in num bers tho result of tho raoiug this afternoon will bo none tho less difficult to anticipate. I would hot look further than Tho Ghost for. tho winnor'of tlio Selling Raco, but in tho event of Mr. Reid.doolining to risk, a change of ownor- ahio, the'lesuo may revert to Ariel or Delamia; The Oakleigh Handicap I will assign to Devo tion, and namo Surprise, Louiso Borta and Master John as the most likely place candidates. The Hurdle Race may go to Louis or Huntsman, the former for choice, with Goodwood close up, Of the 53 original candidates for the Criterion Stakes 9 only remain, and of these I shall select Bedouin to win, attended by Casuist and Pingara. Not tho least important event to be decided will bo tho Steeplechase. Mernder was withdrawn immediately tho weights appeared, his impost (12 st. 12 lb.) being probably thought too much for him. It is now moro than 12 months since the huge son of King Tom ap peared in public, on which occasion he success fully carried 11 st. 5 lb. over Flemington. A stone and a half is certainly a big rise, though Mernder was by no means badly treated by comparison with Lady Ashton, who was asked to engago Mr. Miller's horse on 2 lb. worse terms than when she last suffered defeat at his hands. For to-day's race I shall stand by Promotion, and if the Dowling Forest candi date is destined to defeat it may bo at the hands of Ruby or Sweetmeat. I will nominate Lesbia to win the Hawksburn Handicap, with Gipsy's Warning and Metal next best. The opening day's racing at Hobart was mainly remarkable for tho downfall of Har vester in the Cup, and dofeat of the favorites generally.- How tho Moibourno bookmakers must havo regretted absenting themselves ; but tho club appears to have got on all right without the assistance of the ieather-lungad fraternity, there being no falling off in the at tendance, which is said to be the most fashion able and representative ever known to assemblo on tho Elwick course. How the favorites kissed tho dust on tho opening day ! In Melbourne 2 to 1 and in some instances 5 to 2 were freely laid on Harvester, and tho first cablegram that came through an nouncing the victory of Maori Chief was thought to be a hoax. Eventually, however, the news was corroborated, and then the haughty 11 stay at homes " of tho Victorian Club realised tho golden opportunity thoy had missed by following the " plan of tho cam paign " instituted against tho iuoifensivo islanders. On tho second day Harvester made slight amends for his opouing defeat, but tho Wilson Memorial Stake was only a trifling con solation to Cripps for tho loss of the big prize. Harvester is, however, by no means a bad horse, and well worth tho j£409 his new owner gave for him. I have reason to thiuk that Harvester will not visit Launccston, hut will hurry back to Flemington for the purpose of getting into form for the Nowmarket Handicap, in which race he is bound to render a good account of himself. \- Knowing that Arsonal was expected to arrive from Sydney by tho mid-day train yes terday, I mado it my business to witness the unboxing of the Melbonme Cup hero at the Essendon railway station. This part of the business was successfully and expeditiously disposed of under the direction of Superin tendent Southey, whose uniform courtesy in the matter of unloading horses is duly ap preciated by all owners and trainers who aro accustomed to travelling to and from Sydney. On alighting Arsenal showed no ill effect of his long journey, and walked down tho road towards his former quarters near tho Flaming- ton racecourse with a sprightly carriage, in different of the extreme boat which appeared to exercise a prostrating influence on his compaynon d'tour, The Wreck, a good looking 3-year-old, by Robinson Crusoe — Caress. Arsenal was tightly bandaged all fours, hut the state of the atmosphere caused tho usual body clothos to be dispensed with, and I was thus enabled to have a good look at the crack whilst Raynor was engaged packing up his traps, which were sufficient in hulk to Batisfy the requirements of a stay extonding till tho next Melbourne Cup. Arsonal looks moro fur- nishod than he did on tho occasion of his previous successful visit, his muscular develop ment all round being particularly marked. Ho has evidently done somo good work, and It is always a favorable sign when a horse looks big and woll on it as he does. Tho Australian Cup and Champion Stakes are supposed to bo Arsenal's respective missions. It be is destined to provo successful in one or tho other, I favor tho opinion that it will bo in the long dis tance handicap. In a chat with Raynor, he informed me that tho Now Zealand mare Mitrailleuse will nrrivo from Sydney to-day, Saturday, and that 6he will ho accompanied by Soldiers Wind, winner of tho Annivorsary Handicap. Shortly after daybreak on Tuesday morning I mado ono of my periodical visits to Fleming- ton, but early as I put in an appearance I was not in tiina to see a "go" on tho part of Lesbia, who must have virtually galloped in the dark. All that could bo gloanod was tho fact that Gorry steered her during tho spin. To my mind tho host gallop of the morning was that performed by Tridont, who had tho assis tance of Hoxham during a fast miln on tho ton. Tho Derby hero moved with much moro free dom than was characteristic of him when undorgoing his spring preparation. He fairly pulled over Hexham towards the finish, though tho last named struck me as wanting in that dash so noticeable of him on tho ocoasion of his previous visit, and on walking back to his box appeared to go decidedly short behind. Sardios, AU Gold, Cyclops, Lord Wilton, Des perado, Musk Rose and tho Now Zealander, Lochiel, wero tho only other Australian Cop candidates that exorcised, but nothing out of tho way was performed by either. Sardius did tho strongest1 work, accompanied by Royal Maid. So far tho son of Emulation bos pro gressed satisfactorily, and provided ho success fully survives U10 critical finiehiog strain to whioh he is bound to bo submitted, his chsnoo of winning tho Australian Cup will bo second to none. :I was favorably impressed with Loohiel, who is every inch a gentleman to look at, and moves like ono in his easy paoes. Buddings troated him to the mildest of canters only. His countryman,- Musk Roso,: moved very sluggishly in company - with Trent, but I am told ho is quite a different horse when tho colors aro hoisted. Of tho '-Newmarket Handicap con- tingent, The Levite, Straight Shot, Qnintin Matsep, Dufferin, Magnifier," Blairgowrie and Voloano pleased me beet. 1 Tho last named, although drawn a trifle fine, looks remarkably well, and now .that Hexham h&3 suoaeoded him as aids de camp to Trident, ho will .probably settle down to the completion of his Newmarket Handicap studies. Middieraarch scarcely moved with his former vigor, neither was I favorably impressed with Chesham, who looks a trifie: out of sorts. Mario Louiso likewise appeared off color, and I have also soon Umbra show much better to tho eye. Lara, steered by Gorry, fairly shirked the finish of a fastish spin with Hortenae, and he is evidently a bit of a shuffler. Lord Wilton, who never looked hotter, strode along in his customary even style, and should win another raco or two be fore the end of tho season. Hortense continues to perform in a manner likely to enable her to keep at the head of the two-year-old division, and next to tho flying daughter of Gang For ward I like Abercorn, who seemed to do as he liked with Perfume in a five furlong spin. I do not perceive any improvement in Hunting- tower, who suffers by comparison with his stable companion Bowmont, The son of St. Albans and Pardon shows a lot of substance and quality, but is somowhat behindhand in condition. Arrangements have been made whereby tho, doinge at Flemington und Caul- field for the next fortnight will b9 daily re corded for The Leader, Tbero was a satisfactory attendance at Moonee Valley on Saturday last, and although the free use of the scratching pen somewhat diminished tho card, a series of fairly interest ing contosts resulted. The racing gave the bookmakers the first field day they have ex perienced ever 6inee the advent of the new year. Emboldened by recent successes, backers served up tho respective favorites with par ticular warmth, and although a couple of fair hauls wore made through tho medium of Wal- hallaaudLiddington, those gains only represen ted a tithe of the lossos experienced by the separate defeats of such furnace heated favor ites as Beekwitb, Sorcerer, Marie Louise and Vasoo. There were several cases of pulling during tho afternoon — tho Maiden Plate and Selling Race furnishing the most flagrant in stances—but as neither of the offenders were given any prominence in the betting market nobody was victimised. Sir William furnished the opening surprise, and it was tantalising to Mr. D. S. Wallace, who ran second with Master Jack, to encounter defeat by a horse of his own breeding. Sir William is by The Diver from My Lady, a daughter of The Marquis aud Lady Manners Sutton, the last named being the dam of a host of racing celebrities, including Lord Lytton, Explosion, Canterbury, Dougalston, Allender, Caller On, Berkeley and others. Ariel made a successful dibiil in Mr. M'Donnld's colors, Munwyrtina again finishing second — a position to which he is very partial. Mr. Miller experienced hotter luck with Walballa, as there was nothing in the Hurdle Race capable of extending tho broken winded son of Bras-de-Fer, who is always hard to beat over a mile and a half course. Mr. Glasscock was unfortunate in losing Stoorsman, who fell whilst racing between the hurdles and broke his leg so badly as to call into use tho friendly bullet. There was such an insignificant field for the La Rose Handicap, both in point of numbers and quality, that backers wero in duced to lay odds on Marie Louise, mainly on the recollection that she had won the Oakleigh Handicap and Rowley Mile (Hawkosbury) just two years ago. Gorry's appearance in tho saddle fortified those who entertained the idea that she would provo victorious, but the notion was a delusive one, and the sistor to Hortense finished absolutely last, greatly to tho disap pointment of thoso who placed such implicit faith in her ability to pull through. In her present form Mario Louiso i3 a perfoot jade, and it may bo remarked that her owner, Mr. S. G. Cook, has Buffered so many reverses with the daughter of Gaug Forward that ho has long sinco lost faith in hor, and mado it plainly known before the race that she did not carry a penny of his money. It is well to remember that when Maria Louise achieved her only victories she was handicapped at the minimum impost of 6 st. , and that last soason oho ran nine times without onco troub ling the judge. She is evidently an overrated performer, and unablo to carry weight, albeit it is quite possiblo she may 6omo day return to her 3-year-old form nnd win another race or two when she comes down to her former weight. By winning the La Roso Handicap, Salvo porformed in striking contrast to lii3 pro- ceding display in the February Handicap, when preference waa given to his stablo companion, Sorcerer. Had the winner belonged to anyone bearing a less reputable character for straight going than does Mr. Itennison, who follows racing as a pastime, and bets but little, it is quite possiblo that the stewards may havo re quested on explanation of tho chestnut's soparato performances. Not, however, that the samo would have been deemed unsatisfac tory. Liddington made a successful opening appearauco on behalf of Mr. S. Martin, and then backers received a final knock down blow by the downfall of Vasco, on whom odds wore freely laid, with tho result that Honeycomb defoated him by the narrowest of close ahave3. Sunshade arrived fronv IVacgaratta yostor- day for the purpose ol fulfilling her engagement in tho Y.A.T.C. Criterion Stakos to-day. She was iu ohargo of H. Uoystead. The baloyon days of bookmaking in Victoria would appear to be on the wane, temporarily, it not permanently. The tendonoy ot the age is demonstratively in favor of post betting, and tho now tangled jxuehant has given life to a fresh crop of motallicians, who are as distinct from the "old school" as a shark from an alligator. Like all yoathtal vaulting nnd am bitious aspirants, tho rising generation of fielders are gradually superseding the surviving pioneers of the ring, dud with good reason do tho veteran knights of the pencil mourn the departure of tho good old times, when laying the odds was a remunerative occupation, nnd when what aro known as "round volnmes" on all important events were compiled weeks and sometimes months, before the same wero decided. The number and oxtont of books now open on tho Newmarket Handicap and Aus tralian Oup boar ample evideneo of tho changed nature of tho times, and for every £100 a horso can now be backed for either of the impending events, £1000 would be forthcoming at a corres ponding period two and threo years ago. Tho new order of things has been as sudden as it 19 pronouncod, and mainly brought about through tho instrumentality of tho cash system of betting fostered by the V.R.C. Ready money speculation has, indeed, made gigantic strides, and however objectionable the open-handed character oi the businoss may be to persons who visit racecourses without indulging in tho national vico— that betting is a flagrant blemish every student of Victorian morals will allow— there can be no gainsaying the fact that the custom is in great favor with those who habitually back their fancies for a horso race. Remunerative as ie in the long run tho game of laying the odds, bookmakers one and all, cash and credit fielders, straight out layers anc double ovonters, complain ot the rough times experienced ever since the advent of the New Year. Tho period has been one of unprecedented disaster, favorite after favorite winning with suoh unerring regularity up to tho last Moonee Valley meeting— when a change for the better took place— as to cause a heavy raid to be made on the coffers of the ring. Backers of iavoritos cannot oxpect this sort of thing to coutinne much longer, howovor, and nothing short of a clean sheet on either the Newmarket Handicap or Australian Cap, perhaps both, will recoup some of the biggest metailicians for the losses sustained over since the names of William Tell and Ail Gold woro written in cbe spec and span volumes iu which were recorded the initial pencilling operations of tho new year. Trenton did not remain long in Foulsham'c hands beforo he fell to pieces, and the break down of tho illustrious Maorilander has robbed the Champion raco of all interest, the valuable weight for age prize beiug virtually reduced to a quostion of health for Tridont, unless some thing at present unrevealed is destined to drop from the clouds. In glancing down the list of nominations, Sheet An chor, Mozart, Recall, Grace Darling, Arsenal, Bravo, Volcano, Chesham, Blair- gowrio and Maddehna are the best per formed of Trident's opponents, but it is ex. trcmcly doubtful whether the pick of this lot arc qualified to successfully compete against Mr. White's cracl: on weight-for-age conditions over 3 miles of ground. Pasha, carrying top weight of Est. 4 lb., proved tho host of a small and indifferent field which contested this year's Wellington Cup. Tho winner is a 5-yoar-old (not 4 years, as stated in the cablegrams), and ran third to Nelson and Waitiri in the same race last year. His pedigree, by tho Muto, from Rosed' Amour, reads on tho first blush intensely Victorian ; but it must not be thought that he is out o', tho V.R.C. Oaks winner of that name, as that worthy died before Pasha was foaled. Pasha is handicapped at 8 st. for the Dunedin Cup of 1000 aova., but I presume he will have to put up a penalty. The Siro3' Produce Stakes, to he decided a", the Y.R.C. Autumn Meeting, will this year ex ceed in value the Ascot Vale Stakes, for what with 1010 sove. addod money, 442 sovs. forfeits, and further contributions by way of final pay ments, tho stako promises to exceed 1500 sovs. Tho lesseo of Hortonse must regret that Gang Forward was not nominated for this rich event, and the pang is intensified by the faot that the raco is devoid of penalties. In addition to Gang Forward, three other notable sires are missing from the list of subscribers in Ves pasian, Tho Drummer and Darriwell, thereby causing the absence of suoh well performed candidates as Huntingtower, Bedouin and Lady Lovol. With so many cracks, including Per haps, out of the way, Mr, G. G. Stead, the well known New Zealand owner, has been in- ducod to accept with Maxim, by Musket from Realisation, a colt who is credited with accomplishing a good thing in a Nursery Handicap at tho lato Christchurch meeting, when he carried top weight and won. A rarely bred animal is Maxim, his dam Realisation being an imported mare, by Ves pasian from a daughter of tho Flying Dutch- . man. Realisation is known to Victorians as the dam of that smart filly Result, bred at Glenormiston, from whence sho was taken to New Zealand by Major Goorgo at tho sama timo as that gallant sportsman picked up My Idea and a foal at foot destined to blossom forth into tho champion of New Zealand. I allude, of course, to Nolsou. Nothwithstanding tho absence oi tho craoks, Maxim will en counter worthy rivals in Perfume, Mooihouse, Matador, Escutcheon, Abercorn, Aberdeen and others who havo yet to provo their excellence. With such an array of talent couinotius on level terms, the contest for the Sires Produco Stakes will be equally as interesting as that for the Asoot Vale Stakes, in which latter event Hortense will havo an opportunity of showing whether sho is still capable of maintaining hex superiority over all horses of her year. It is not often I indulge in the provincial practice of peering into ebop windows, but when recently passing a jeweller's establish ment in tho heart of the city a beauti ful object d 'art arrested my atten tion. Even then I don't know that I would havo tarried but for the plain word "Mats," in bold letters, catching my eye. The inscription pulled me up with a... round turn, and further examination rovealed tho fact that the trophy was commemorative of Mata's viotory in tho Adelaide Birthday Cup. Originally valued at £100, it was labelled "£70." " Vurth tho money to the boil down," remarked a veteran Hebrew practitioner, who had be6n intently quizzing the prize, though evidently unable to perceivo a sufficient margin for profit to induce him tp enter into a deal. : Tho two ancient members of the Hamlet— Zophyr alliance, Soldier's. \V,ind and Eurooly- don, are in a racing vein just now. Tho first- named. it will .be remembered, carried off iho Anniversary Handicap at Randwick, and on Saturday last Enroclydon following suit by ap propriating the Hew Tear's Gift at Canterbury Part With only 7 Et. 5 lb., including a 10 lb- penalty, Soldier's Wind should be beard of to advantage in the Hewmarket Handicap. Owners whose ambition inclines in the direc tion of the 100 guineas trophy donated by Lady Corrington to the winner of this year's Sydney Cup are reminded that nominations, accom panied by first forfeit of 5 sovs., require to be made with the A. J.C. or V.B.C. secretaries on Monday next, before 4 pn The conditions of the race are, a handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each,h. ft, or 5 sovs. if declared on Wednes day, 16th March, 1637, with 1000 sovs. added ; second horse to receive 200 sovs. and the third 100 sovs from the prize. Although the entries for the Y.R.C. autumn meeting ate in the aggregate about 70 less rhRTi those received last year, the same are considered thoroughly satisfactory, and some high class racing is bound to result When engaged in a gallop on Saturday last, William Tell cannoned with anotherpiorse, and in doing so unseated his rider, a lad named Richard Benson, who received such injuries as to cause his ultimate death. Yt ilhatrt Teli slightly injured one of his legs, but nothing serious is apprehended, albeit the occurrence Wag weakened his position in the betting mar ket. The Sydney horse, Goldfinder, 5 years o'.d, by Grenadier— The Dove, was on Tuesday sold by Messrs Campbell, Pratt and Co., at Kirxs Bazaar, for 35 guineas, to Mr. G. Glasscock. Mark Thompson arrived at the Turf Cinb Hotel, CanlSeld, on Tuesday evening, in charge of Phaon, Gipsy's "Warning, and Faugh-a- Ballagh : all three are in capital trim. The Steeplechaser, J.C., has joined J. King's team. Foulsham is buiidiDg four more loose boxes at the rear of his establishment. Carter, formerly of Kelly and Carter, is b eliding half a dozen boxes and a cottage on some land re cently purchased on the Bond Estate in close proximity to the Racecourse. Cestus and Preston have left Caulfield. Camerine has been thrown out of work. Her hind legs got a good deal cat aboat at G belong, and her owner has determined on giving her a few weeks spell. Notwithstanding that Soldier Boy was decidedly out of sorts at Moonee Valley on Saturday, he succeeded in annexing the two principal events at Shepparton, thus making some amends for his metropolitan defeat. Elsewhere appears the programme of the meeting to be held at Kyneton on 17th March. Eight events are enumerated in all, the princi pal items being the Kyneton Handicap, of 60 sots.; Lauriston Handicap, of 50 eovs.; Mounted Military Race, of 45 sova; District Handicap, of 40 sova and Selling Race, of 40 sovs. nominations for all handicaps will be received by the secretary of the Victoria Racing Club, Melbourne ; or F. T. Lavender, Alexander's Hotel, Kyneton, up to fonr p.m. on Thursday, the 24th February. Acceptances and otberentries to be lodged with the secretary of the Victoria Racing Clnb, Melbourne, or the secretary of the Kyneton District Racing Clnb, Kyneton, before 4 p-m. on Saturday, the 12th of March. In onr advertising columns appears the bill of fare to be dispensed under the anspice3 of the Cranbonrne Racing Club on 19th March. The Cranbonrne Handicap, of 59 sova, is the principal event contained therein. There is a Steeplechase of similar value, also a Hurdle Race, of 40 sova Entries are to be made with the secretary before 4 p.m., at the V.R.C. office, 100 Bourke-street west, Melbourne, or with Mr. A. Cartwright, at Cranbourne, np to 8 p.m. on Wednesday, 9th March. Weights on Monday, 14th March. All doubt as to Nelson taking part in the approaching autumn meeting at Flemington was set at rest on the arrival of the Wairarapa last "Wednesday. The Hew Zealand champion was landed safe and sound in charge of Cutts. The 2-year-old, Maxim, was a passenger by the same boat. Tho3ewho patronised the ontside enclosure at Moonee Valloy on Saturday last complain of having their betting tickets purloined. " Ticket matching" is a time worn game on English racecourses, but this is the first instance of the nefarious practice being carried into effect in Victoria. Victorian owners who may meditate visiting the Hawkesbnry autumn meeting are reminded that entries for the Rowley Mile and Hawkes- bury Handicap will be received at the offices of the H.B. C. , Richmond, N. S. W. ; A. J. C. , Sydney, and V.R.C., Melbourne, up to 4 p.m. on Mon day next, 14th Inst. There will be a big round of provincial meetings next week, commencing on Wednes day, when the Bporting residents of Gippsland will inaugurate their annual two days' gather ing at Sale. There will be racing at Talbot on the same day, and on Thursday and Friday the St Arnaud Torf Club will occupy the field. On Friday will also be held the QueenscliH meeting, and as Mr. Wilson's newly formed coarse, kindly lent for the occasion, is in con venient proximity to the fashionable watering resort, a large number of seaside visitors will doubtless avail themselveB of the outing. The gates, booths, outer carriage paddock, oyster stall and frnit site on the Hill, for the Autumn moetingof the V.R.O. will be sold by anction at Kirk's Bazaar, on Monday, the 21st inst at 12 noon. To what base use does the noble thorough bred sometimes return ! Liberator,, who was for some years a " standing dish" in connec- ' tion with the Liverpool Grand National Steeple chase, and who, in addition to winning that event in 1879, ran third in 1877 and' second in 1880, has lately boon relegated to the shafts of a farm cart Hexham has joined Mr. J. White's team at Flemington. He came over the same time as T. Lamond's horses. T. Fayten, now in charge of Iho Kirkham team, informs me that his respected chief, Mr. M. Fennelly, was Tory ill short time ago, but that recently he had vbown a tendsnoy to mend, so much so as to obviate the necessity ol a projected operation of a very serious nature. Close on £333 was realised for the widow of the late Frank Leng by the sale of tickets for the 2-year-old filly Alexandra. By a strange incident, lira Leng maintains possession of the filly, the winning ticket having been pre sented to her by the gentleinsn who races nncer the item dt retiree ol Mr. J. G. Reid. Steersman, who came to a fatal end at Moonee "Valley on Saturday last, is the third horse M'Leod has had killed under him within a few months, the other two being Dick Neville and an unnamed bob ol King Arthur, owned by Mr. M. P. Whitty- Racing mea will sympathise with Mr. R. K. Maitland on the unfortunate accident which has detained him in .the Ararat Hospital ever since the late racea The coatrrt. is ren dered additionally aggravating by the fact that the well known sportsman had made arrange ments to join the order of Ssnedicts in about a week's time. At a meeting of the Benalls Racing Club, held on Sstnrday last, a programme was adopted for the meeting to be held on the 3rd March. The principal races are A Handicap Hurdle Eace, of 30 sots.: the Benaila Handi cap, of 60 sots; and the Raiiway Stakes, of 40 SOTS. The handicaps for some of the minor events of the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting wiil be pub lished on Monday next. Mr. F. F. Dikin intended sending Glenlivat to compete at the Sale meeting, but the mealy ' colored gelding went lame from a splint at the commencement of the week, hence his withdrawal The handicap for the Brighton Cup, which will form the principal event to be decided at Elstemwick Park on Saturday next, is due on Monday, and on Thursday the acceptances will require to be made The V.K.C. and Queensland racing calendars for February are to hand as usual "With such a lot of racing in Hew South IV alee, I have often wondered why the sister colony has not followed the example of her northern and southern neighbors in the matter of a monthly record of turf matters. The Prince of Wales having expressed a de sire to haTS the pair of spars worn by Fred. Archer when be rode Ormonde in his last race at Newmarket, the executors forwarded them to his Royal Highness, together with the saddle used on the occasion- According to reliable authority French book makers are as fond of owning race horses sb are their Australian confrere of the metallic penciL One day recently at Auteml, out ol 38 horses rauning, 25 belonged to book makers, while at the Paris suburban meetings sometimes four horses out of every five are said to represent bookmakers' interests. It is well known that pretty much the some order of things -prerail at Moonee Valley and Elstem wick Park. Some interesting facts are revealed in the recently published English torf statistics for 1886\. The number of races run in Great Britain and Ireland, as reported in the Racing Calendar, reach 1609, this total showing a falling off on the returns of the preceding five years. Sprint races predominated, there hav ing been 757 run over a less distance than 6 furlongs. For 6 furlongs and under 1 mile, 261 races were run, the remainder being made np of 331 mile races ; 191, over a mile and under 2 ; 56, 2 miles and under 3 ; 8, 3 miles and under 4 ; and 5, 4 mile races. Tbo total value of stakes won during 1885, exclusive of matches aud private sweepstakes (which amounted to £3580), was— in England, £389,436 11a ; in Scotland, £8005 10s. ; .and in Ireland, £10,591 7s. These sums do not include prizes to second and third horses ; 2076 horses competed in all,' exclusive of hurdle races and steeplechasers, this total being made up of 880 2-year-olds, 593 3-year-olds, 293 4-yoar-olds, and 310 5- years and upwards. 