TRE MERCURY¡\ WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1S87Ï i » THE state of affairs in Europe at the present time is, evidently, causing; not only a great deal of speculation, but much uneasiness. The best informed seem to be almost content to know that they know nothing, pi- i-athei-j that the conditions of the problem are such as not to allow of a solution of it to be made. -Amongst those who have written upon this subject of per- petual speculation is M. DE LAVELEYE^ the veteran Belgian politician, who recently gave to the world an ac- count of a visit to Bulgaria, to which we referred at some length a few months ago. M. DE LAVELEYE holds Still to tbß opinion which he then stated in the Herne Des Deux Mondes, that the Bulgarians are a,.most capable and law-abiding people, who have a strong determination to preserve the liberty which they have won at some self-sacri-, fice, and by a display of courage and military capacity which have seldom been excelled.,. M. DE LAVELEYE, like Lord SALISBUKY, like, indeed, all candid observers, regards the recent proceedings of Russia in Bulgaria as cowardly and brutal in the extreme, i as quite unwarranted on any grounds save those of the most selfish and ruthless ambition. But, 51. de LAVELEYE sees, like so many other persons, that the situation is so compli- cated as that there is really no one to .uphold the sacredness of tveaties, or the right of a brave people to secure their liberties and organise their Gov- ernment in the way which they see best for themselves. France,óncethe boasted champion of the liberty of'the peoples, now stands cynically aloof, watching, apparently, for the opportunity for a great revenge ;. following a policy which ¿luis shut hor out» of tho^strugglo for liberty, mid which nas made her, 'to a certain ^extent"', the - vassale of Russia x In fact, tho cynical îcmark of a llnssian diplomntist at the ''timo of the Gorman invasion of France is full} * horne t out. On an appeal! being made for help to France, the diplomatist said " No, the defeat of Franco will always give us an ally upon whom we can depend." This has proved to he the fact, and France is now absolutely at the call of Russia, which is the reason why Germany is, apparently, so indisposed to do anything which may bring hei into collision with Russia at the piesent time We do not believe, however, cynical as the governing power in Germany may be, that any absolute alliance has been made with Russia, because that would be to sacrifice the support of Austria, which may be required at a critical moment, and to forfeit all the moral support which i Great Britain is, able to give. The whole business is so involved, so uncertain in all developments, that no one can be said ¿o be in a position to declare positively what is the actual position of affairs, and the more so, as the moving force may bo said ( to ^cpend on the will of onejinan,who is to a ceit'ain extent insane. The CZAR of Russia has the power to sot in motion a large force by his mere nod, he is known to bo subject to fits of mental aberration of a violont character, so that it is not possible to gather from the, actual circum- stances what are the probabilities of the case. A fit of initatiou or passion, may prôcipitato the danger, and plunge Europe into a'war, the extent of which no one can now,,venture to say that he is able to predict. i To our mind, Russia appears to be on the point of playing her last card in the great game. Year after year she has advanced until the map of Russia has gi own to nearly double its old size in the course of a generation. She has now reached thepoint beyond which she cannot go without cominginto colli- sion witli one or more of -the Powers which guard the .Dardanelles, and with which she1 must finally reckon. The chief gnaidian at présent', is Austria. She stands sentinel on the Balkans, holding herself responsible for the noil-violation of ¡the barrier to the advance on Constantinople. This has led to the aphorism that the road to Constantinople is tliroughyicnna,in other-wo'rds,Rus>sia' cannot occupy Cou stautinoplebefore shebas subdued Aus- tria. Butjtliisisbynoineansall. Though many theories have been propounded of late to show that the interests of Great Britain would not be materi- ally affected by the piesencc of Russia at Constantinople, there are few who really accept them.' They are, certainly, not adopted by the existing Government of Great Britain, nor are -there* to be found any foreign statesmen who , think that British interests do not require, resist- ance to the last, iu order to^ keep Russia out of what the first NAPOLEON called the empire of the woild. K Great Brituiu was disposed to give up India, then it might be said that whether Russia hail Con- stantinople or not was of no great importance to her, but so long as she clings to 'India she must secure the Sue.! Canal, which never could be" safe with Russia holding the finest site of | Piupiro in_t,he whole world. __, ¿ Will Russia play"this final card ? That is tile question which is now keeping at least one-half of the world in a state of agitation, and which has led to active preparations for a struggle in several directions,' though with as little outward show as possible. The general belie! i«, both on the Conti- nent of Europe and| in Great Britain, that the coming spring will not pass away without the move being made, a move which, we think, will deter- mine the bounds ol* Russian power, at least for very many years. In fact, the preparations for war which ate going on are of snch a character as to practically show jtliat the hope of peace has passed anray,'and the only point now to determine is, when the first shot shall be fufed. The situation, too, has greatly changed since the last Russo-Turkish 4-ar. Then Russia came as çhampioJ t of the nation! alities against Turley ; now she has the avowed intentioli of beating down the very states winch she piofessed to set up, and whick are íesolved no1 to become her vassals if they can help it. The question, then is, will Russia be able to advance and oveirun these stateB, and extend her territory to Con stantinople, thus uiHoing all that she professed to do ? 'This is the problem which will, we may expect, bo solved in the course of theWesent year. 0 un new Governor,' Sir ROBERT G.TL IRNILJW, appear^ to be the subject of a lively conti ova sy iu the London i Press, the particulars of which will be found in our telegraphic despatched Tlie A rffiis eorresppudeut in London has sent to that journal a summary of Avhat may be cllled the opinions of the Press, winch we reproduce to-day, and which, j no doubt, will be read with some interest, although much of the controversy «in hardly be said to concern the peotle of this colony! Whether Sir R1G. C. HAMILTON has, or has noij been grievously wronged in beinz removed from the UnderrSecretaryship of Ireland by a wicked Conservative Ministry cannot be determined by' any in- formation at ,present at our com-j mand, especially as'Sir ROBERT him- self is said to guaiil a most prudent silence, and to bear his wrongs, if he has any, wsfli a stoical in-j difference. Naturilly, we here' can- not look upon lils appointment' to a by no means onerous and, let us hope, not altogether unpleasant position with a gpod salaiy, as any great hardship, even though he may lament, like somj of our Colonial bishops, the loss of the society to which he has been accustomed. We do not doubt that he found Dublin very much more lively than he will find Tasmania, but ii may, possibly, be good both for his mind and his health to have a season of repose, in a land where the bitter controversies of tho Mother Country will sound very much' like tales of little' meaning, although the wordb are deoidedly strong. We see that lone paper, the Pall Mall Gazette/, with its now familiar sensational inaccuracy, has declared that he has been sentenced to t transportation r toi iVan ' piemen's Land, forgetting that many""* others would like to undergo a sim'lar "sen- tence at the same rate of i enumera- tion. The Daily Telegraph, no doubt inspired by Mr. G. A.(SVLA, who has picked up some colonial information, reprimands the Pall Mall Gazette, and declares that it has committed a breach of good manners, at which wc fancy the Gazette will not be,yoi y much shocked Indeed, the whole controversy, which strikes tis as rather absurd, does not concern us very much, except as showing that we aie to got a Governor whom all are agreed is a capable man For, wo cannot pretend to understand the intiicacies of Irish administration, nor aro wo able to discover' anything very teniblo in the removal of an official, assuming that he has been re- moved for that ' cause, because ho is opposed to tho policy of the Govern- ment which he is~ supposed "to"repre- sent. We can see, however, that such controversies, carried on in what ap- pears to be a quite reckless fashion'are the very things to prevent tho es- tablishment of a sound administra- tive system in Ireland, as thoy may he said to afford ample food for discontent, and to supply grounds for the assertion that the country is being sacrificed to party ends Nor do wo believe, for one moment, that there is the least truth in the statcment; that Sir GEOKGE STRAHAN was induced to apply for leave of absence in order to make a post for Sir R. HAMILTON, and we regard, it as another! of those reckless inventions which go far to lessen our respect for tho London Press, which ought to "bo !a model and a guide to the Press of the whole Empire,'but which it has not been by any^ioeans for some time past. Should Sir GEORGE STRAHAN care to mingle in the fray, he will be able to tell the people of Great Britain that many things worse might happen, to a man than such banishment as 'that to which Sir R. HAMILTON h sen- tenced-with his own consent-even though ho may miss the gaieties of Dublin Castle, which have been abused about as well and as persistently as any .-vice-regal entertainments can be. For ourselves, it is plea- sant to leam that we are to have a GOVERNOR who may, possibly, help to raise the standard of our public life, and who will have the great advantage of learning something at first hand about the actual state and opinions of the Colonies, subjects upon which most persons at Homo- appear to be pro- foundly ignorant. "\Ve,can only say that 'Sir R. HAMILTON will receive ti hearty welcome here, and that we shall not trouble ourselves much about tlie controversy of which he is, just now, the centre at Home. ' CABLE NEWS.-Sir. Goschen has agreed lo accept the position of Chancellor of Ex- chequer, vacated hy Lord Randolph Chmchill. Several pending Cabinet changos are mentioned, but there appears to ho no absolute oertuinty, as yet, about any. A con- ference of Liberal leaders is to be hold with Bpecial refetence to the differences of opinion now existing among thom on tho Irish ques- tion, und to bring about, if pos- sible, an agi cement of views held by Messn>. Chamberlain and Parnell. The Bulgarian deadlock still prevails. Russia insists that her demands shall be acceded, and has given warning that if Prince Alexander returns to the count.-y it will be the signal for Russian occupation. It is stated definitely" that a mutual agree- ment has been como to between Germany and Russia, under which the former will remain neutral in the case of a Russo ?>".»»« ..-, -* *?..- Utfor Innung. Franco-German conflict. The Home Press has been vigorously debating the Bcloctiouof SirRobeit Hamilton as Governor of Tas- mania, the general concensus of opinion being that the colony will have the advan- tage of on eminently satisfactory appoint- ment. THE MOUNT RENNIE OUTUAGC.-Our cable messages s lu to that the Now South Wales Kxeeutive have finally decided that the condemned men «hall bo executed on Fi ¡day next. It is added that this decision lir.B given general satisfuction. FISHING REGULATIONS. -The Adminis- trator of the Government in Council i has been pleased, upon the recommendation of the Salmon Commissioners, to rescind the regulations contained in Government notice, No. 33, of February 10,1880, and to substitute the following t emulations in lieu thereof: " No person, except the Salmon Commis- sioners or others employed hy them, shall UBe any net for the purpose of fishing in the following waters under a penalty not exceed- ing ten pounds for each breach of this regulation :-lu the River Derwent, or any of its tributaries, above a line ox tending from the mouth of a creek runtiiug through land belonging to - Garth, Boutli of - One Tree Point, on tbo western bank of that river, to Try way Point (otherwise known as Droughty Point), on the eastern bank of the said river ; in the North Esk River, or in the South Esk River,' or in the River Tamar, from the Cattle Wharf at Launceston up- wards (shrimping nets alone excepted) ;* in the River Scamander. Provided always that it Bhall be lawful for any person during the daytime, between Bunrisc und sunset, to use set-nets known as " graballB " for the purpose of fishing in the waters of the River Dei went aforesaid below a line extending fi oin the northern point of the cemetery, at Cornelian Bay, to the southern side of Geilston Hay. All nets used in conti avon tion of tlie foiegoing regulations shall be seized anil forfeited, destioycd or removed, as the case may require." STATE SCHOOL TEACIIEKS.-Tho Diroctor of Education will be ploased to seo any country State School teaehcts who may bo in town during the vacation at his oliiec. Tho director states that he will at all times be glad to give the teachers any udvioo or in formation they may require in connection vi ith their schools. , PUHL10ATION8 KI-OEIVKD.-We have re- ceived the Catholic Standmd for Januaiy, It commences the New Year with a roview of tho past, and while cxpi easing gratitude . for the support which has materially assisted in securing ita existence for the past 12 months, promises that ita Bolo aim will con- tinue to be to " defend the holy faith when attacked,, oller reliable information and intercBting reading soncerniug Catholio interests, both at home and abroad, and to present to other« who differ from ua in religion ' a reaaon of that hope that ia in U8.'" We have also loceivod the People's Friend, which champions the temperance cause in earnest fashion. It accords recogni- tion of the League of the Cross Total Ab- stinence Society by republishlng The Mercury's report of the inaugural tea meet- ing and concert held on the 7th ult. THK Ri.ciiAU MASONIC LOUGH, I.C.-The installation of officers took place last even- ing at the Masonic Hall, Hobart. The fol- lowing officers were installed, and invested by the E.W.P.G.M. H. Conway, 1.0. W.M., Bro. H. H. Gill ; S.W., Bro. J.' j Okines; J.W., Bio. R. A. Bastow; Trea- surer, Bro. G. Judge ; Secretary, Bro. J. R.1 Ward ; S.D., Bro. R. McCrackcn ; | Organist, Bro. Buck ; O.G., Bro. Beau-' mont. The installation officer waa the R.W.P.C.M. H. Conway, assisted by his grand officer, who caine from Launceston. Especially for this ceremony W.M. and brctlu en of suitor lodges wcie pi osent, and conveyed hearty congratulations for the success 'of the Rcchab Lodge. After tho close of the proceedings the W.M. invited all present to tho banriuet-room wheie a sub- stantial spread-had beon prepared for their, refreshment. It waa fully enjoyed, and tho UBiial Maaonic toasts were given and re- sponded to. After a very pleasant ovouiug the brethren adjourned shoi Hy before mid- night, > | VoLUKTßnn McHKr/rnr PBAOTIOE.-Th<< term for course of muskotry practico has, wo understand, becucxtended until the 31at hist.' for the volunteers of the Southern Tasmanian division. This will allow thofce who have' not yet put in their full attendances todo so now the holidays at o over. GoVKKNjUKNT Housi:.-Lady Dobson will roecivo visitóla at Ooveininont Houso this day from half past 3 until li o'clock in the afternoon. Tho gardens and tennis gummi will bo thrown open on the occasion, PROBATES, ETC.-The following probate has been issued :-Martha Terry to Ralph Terry and Thomas Gabriel Read, £390. Letters of administration have boen granted in tho following estates:-Joan Brown to Isabella Brown, £000 ; anil Joseph William Allmitt Huston to Georgo Francis Huston, £400. , , CODBT Ol' OuKFItAT, QOATlTKH SKSSIONS." A Court of General Quat ter Sessions for the disti ¡ct of Hobart waa hold at the Mayor's Court on Tuesday morning, lit which 2o justices wero present. Tlio Clerk of ihd Peace announced thut the first business to bo dono was to elect a chairman for tho ensuing year. . On the motion of Mr. J. G. Davies, seconded by Mr. Belbin, the Mayor cf Hobart (Mr. Charles Uarh'ottlo) was elected to that position. Mr. Harbottlc, on taking the chair, thanked the justices pre .."(. f"- "l-ntir... hin, .i,,,] nmniUml In nor sent for electing him, and promised to per- form the duties appertaining td the position to the best of hi» ability. Licenses wcro then granted to tho following pawnbrokers : -Samuel Wells Roberts, Mary Thomas, and James Sargeant. It was then proposed, seconded, and carried that the gentlemen who were members of I tho Licensing Bench last year bo re-elected. The chairman then asked the opinion of the Clmk of the Peace on one point. lie was trustee in a licensed house, although he had not acted for some time, but, he bad never boen lelcmed. He wished to know if ho could legally acton the Bench. The Solicitor-General said he should like time to consider that point. It was a new ono, and he would not like to give an opinion offhand. It was intended that the Mayors of Hobart and Launceston should be ex qfficio members of the J Licensing Boards for their districts. In ans« cr to further questions, he said there WHS a penalty of -£50, provided for any person bono ficially interested in any licensed houso sitting as a member of the Licensing Board. The number of members provided for was seven,: of whom four might form a quorum. They could only read two ' sections of two | Acts together, and these' were Bcarcely con- sistent with one another. > The first pro- vided that no.benoficlally iutcicstcd person should act on a Licensing Bench ; the second enacted that the Mayor"should sit tis Mayor. When the Licensing Act vvas' paBsod it was nover contemplated that there would be any olh'cial members., Another" magistrate osked'whether the- Mayor could> sit as Mayor/and be'liable as Air. liar hottlo, and the Solicitor General intimated that he should like to consider the question. Ile then announced that as the members of the Licensing Board'had been elected there waa no othct business except to ask that thcic should bo.,an adjournment until January 24. The meeting then adjoin neil until the date mentioned. t CUT Pouciä.CouiiT.-ï'hoPilico Mugis líate (Mr. W., Tin letón) ptcsldcil at the police 'court"-1 yestetduv. , Win. Waters pleaded guilty to a chai go of having been drunk and disoideily, und vvas fined 10s. öd., or 14 days. ~Mury Blown was COM victed on the evidence of P.C. Moot o of being an idle and dinni-deily,. ichiiiiieter. AB prisoner l)ad been twice oonvnteil during the past year, the Police M.i¿isttate sentenced her to three' month',' imprison- ment in, the house of co lection, Alfred Burbury was chat ged by Inspector Duggan with having woikcd a hot se in a 'bus in Macquarie-stieet on the 27th ult., while suffering ft oin a sore on the shonldei. He pleaded not guilty, and was ,defcudcd by Mr. R. Singent, solicit»), ' Mr. Duggan said that there was a solo about the si/.e of a 2s. piece under the IIOIBO'B collar. It had been Weeding, nml evidently .caused the animal nain. When spoken to de- fendant said that the sole, which was an old one, had got touched up. Cioss cxumincil : Tho collar wns chambciod out and there was a pad upon it, but not sufli cient to protect the soie. Defendant said that the sore must have been opened by the horse going up to the Cascades, A gentlo mun who was on the bus got down and said that the sore would not be injured while the liorso was pulling. Constable Keogh corro boi ate J as to having seen the bora on the horse, but said that defendant had the phv-e padded. Air. Sargent said the sore lind hcalod up, and only broke on tho dny charged on a journey to the Cuacados. As soon as defendant heard of tho sore ho took out the animal from harness. The Police Magistrate said that it had been proved that the soro was bleeding, and he could not but think that caused cruelty. Fined 10s. and costs. The Bamo defendant was charged by Superhitendont HeJberg with having worked threo horses in a bus on the Hnon-roail while they were suffering fiom sores. Mr. Heiberg did not attend, being engaged in other duty, and Sub-inspector Kavanagh, Now Town, with consent of tho Bench, prosecuted on his behalf. Defcn dalll piCllOua gulUr. it" C">-Uant aiiiil «lint. defendant had held a driver's license for over 20 years, and this was the first time he was before the Court. The Polico Magis- trate thought this a much woree case than the last, and imposed a finn of 40a. and costs, including 5s. for each witness. Win. Minchin pleaded guilty to a charge of using obsceno language at Now Town, and was fined 5s. and costs. At this stano Mr. James Robeitson, J.P., joined the Police Magistrate on the bench. ¿Smith ». Henry Smith,-The complainant charged the de- fendant with assaulting her. A plea of guilty was tendered. It was stated that complainant went to Boe Mrs. Lewis, when defendant pushed her out of the house, and subsequently struck her. Mr ' R. iSargent said that complainant wus at one time ser- vant to defendant, and that sha had gone and abused his wife, and defendant put her out of the IIOUBO.. The magia tintos considered that defendant was not justified in striking complainant u blow, and imposed a fino of 10a. and costs. Sub-inspector Kavanugh charged James McNamce with battery Jle pleaded guilty. The prosecutor saul that defendant had struck a man, named Stops, on the head with a small stick. Mr. H. Sargent, who appeared for defendant, Baid that some time ago Stops used abusive luuguage, and defen- dant met and struck him. He pleaded in excuse of his client on I lie ground of this being the festive season. As defendant had been previously convicted, the magistrates imposed a fiuo of 20s und costs. SCHOOL FKAST.-On Monday the children attending St. Mary's and St'. Joseph's Catholic schools hold their annual E'-hool feast on tho Domain. At 10 o'clock ti,ey loft their icspective churches and met at tho anglo of Livci pool und Harrington bli cets a few minutes later. Here they formed into one procession, and proceeded to«aid tho Domain. Upwaids of 20 banners vvcie canied by the childiou at intervals in tho procession, the teachers keeping order along tho line of route, while the Rev. Fatheis Hennebry, Gillerun, and O'Callaghan accom- panied the procession. Along the line of roule the eli lidien woie counted, und found to number 805. When they arrived at tho picnic ground various athletic spurts were ongjged in until luncheon time, after which they woieiosuined until ]-30 p.m., when an adjournment was made for dinner. After dinner, the athletic spatts were continued until 4 o'clock, when the return to town was made. At' 5 o'clock thoy readied their respective churches,Jwliere,tho TeDcum wus sung und thanksgiving offered. THE FORTY HOURS' DEVOTJON.—The Quaranl O'rc, hotter known as tho forty hours' devotion, commenced at St. Maiy's Cathedral on Tuesday morning, Solemn High Mass was oelebratod at 9 o'clock, at which Bishop Murphy presided, the Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan acting as celebrant, the Rev. B. J. Murphy as deacon, Rev. J. Crone as sub-deacon, and the Rev. P. R. Hennebry aa master of ceremonies, with the Rev.' Father Ilampaon as tho Bishop's assistant. The altar was 'arranged in a fitting style, and profusely decorated. At tho conclusion of High Mass tho pioceasion of the Blessed Sacrament took place through the Cathedral, after which the litany was chanted by the choir and the officiating priest, and then the Blessed Sacrament was solomnly exposed. It will remain exposed until 10 o'clock Masa on Thursday morning, when the 40 boura' adoration will he brought to a close. MARIA ISLAND STATE SCHOOL.—On New Year's Day Signor and Signora Bernacchi gave their annual treat to the little ones of Maria Island. The children, accompanied by their jiarents, assembled in the commodious class room, which was tastefully decorated for the occasion. Here refreshments were partaken of by all assembled, and a liberal distribution of lollies and biscuits found pleasing employmenti for many little mouths. A well laden Christmas tree standing in tho centre of the room, was speedily despoiled of its gay fruit, which, both as to quantity and quality gave great satisfaction to the juvenile recipients. The hearty cheers for Signor and Signora Bernacchi, given by those assembled, showed that 'their genial kindness is felt and thoroughly appreciated by their workmen and families. CAKK FAlit.-rThe ladies of tho New Town Flower Mission will hold a cake fair iu the Templars' HaU,,NowTown, atH'SOthis afternoon. Tlie fail' will remain open until 0 o clock, and a concert will take place in the samo building in tho evening, ' TiiuATiiK RoYAi»-Mr. W. J. Holloway's talented company reproduced Mr. Harvey's drama The Winja ol' Sin at tho Theatro Royal lnst evening to a good audience. Tho drama went with its customary smoothness, and tho nuilir-nco generally scorned pleased, testifying their appreciation - by frequent rounds of iipplanso. To-night 7Vic Wages of Sin will bu pioduced for the laat Hine, and on Thursday Shakospcaro'a ootnody As Yon Like It will bo given under the 'patron- age of tho Administiator, Sir Lambert and Lady Dobson. , RKOITAI..-To-night the Rov. Horatio G. Pinker will recito '?The Christmas Carol," hy ChnrlcS' Dickens, in tho Synod Hall, Harrington-street; Of all Dickens' short stories it is the host, and is full of the great novelist's brightest humour, and Was bia own favourite reading whilo ho appeared boforo tho " garish lights." It is ono grund plea for gcneiosity and justice, and gives a reader it splendid opportunity for votBatility and power. Wo shall cxpoot to see Mr. Pat ker at his best this evening,'when ho brings boforo us with his marvellous artistic talent Scrooge, M at ley's Ghost,'the Ghosts of the Christmoscs, Old Pezxiwig and the Oatchit Family, with poor little Tiny Tim and his crutch. Ho moved the Sydnoy Press to enthusiasm when he read it theie. TUB CAMMUAN OMSK CLUB.-This club repeated their concert at the Town'HuU'iaBt night, and met with an appreciative lccop tion from the rather limited audience which assembled. It is somewhat unfortunate that an association capable of rendering suoh excellent part singing should bo so poorly Eatroniseii. The management is partly to lame, as the powers of these Welsh singers nre not commonly known, and the iiBsistaiioo of some leading amateur talent might havo been secured to work the concert up. The management also made a mistake in insert ina a number of tvell-vvorn solos in'" the programme to the oxclusion of some of the Welsh part songs mid anthems Milich would have been far more i acceptable. Many native amateurs would render suoh songs as " The old brigade," " Rooked in the oradlo of tho deep," and "Marching through Goorgia" with better effect than tho singers they were entrusted to last night, while there aro many Welsh national songs and' anthems the club have snug elsewhere; that aro far above anything we hear at ordinary concerts. Tho Dcntlth Quintctto Band again contributed two opeiatic selections .with- good-execution, and the instru- ments woie . nicely balanced. Of the .club's "solos Jilt. William Humphreys sang "Land of my fathers," and "Bay of "Biscay " vciy well. Mr. R. H. Jones, who has a very povveiful light i baritone voice, sang two Welsh songa, with the usual un- pronounceable naipes, with mm lied success, and had to respond to un oneoic in each eise. In the liait Biunine. "The men of LATIUHIK.-Our correspondent, under dato January 3, writes :-On Monday last (Box- ing Day) wo had a.hailstorm,/and the hail- stones, transparent, with. white oontro,' were as largo as bullets. , The same evening Rol land'B Minstrels nppearcd at tho Victoria Hall, and the D'Orsay Ogden Company at tho Oddfellows' Hall, tho former having ft literally packed house, and tho latter being about half full.' Good nrogrammo at both ' entertainments. A n octing has buen held at Rockliffs Club Hotel, and a committee formed for celebrating tho Bums' anni- versary at tho OddfelloWB1 Hall, on the '10th of tho present month. Tho local Odd- fellows will clear.about £20 out of, their Boxing Day sports, notwithstanding the fact that their expenses on that day'reached £8B odd. A meeting was hold at' Lucas' Hotel on Wednesday evening, 20th(iiltl,'to advocate all local stores closing at G o'clock all week ovonings except Saturday;' lint it is feared that the obstruction of one or two storokoepers will burke the movement. Tl.e Christmas nnd New Year holiday traine have beon well patronised. Mr. Ferguson, a now arrival fiom Kngland. whilst riding through the bush at Green's Creek last Tuesilay, hod his kneecap partially knocked 'off, but is recovering from tho painful acci- dent more rapidly than was expected. On Friday evening the Rev. John Bennett, Con- gregational, commenced a scries of " Slim- mer evening i talks" on the vacant block next,-the'railway station. The Noithcm cricketois left hero by train on Satin day morning 2oth, lilt., to moct tho gaiwoiks team' '(whom they beat at Northdownjon Boxing Day) on their own ground. Tai STAN li'At'CNitA.-The Argus states that Captain li. N. SmiMrr-of the ship Lady Laut once, just arrived in llobsón'sliay from London, report» that off Tristan d'Acuiiha tho ship was boardod hy a boat' from tho island, and a little trade was done 'in' fruit and vegetables, poultry, otc. Tho Wanders rcpoi ted that one of thoir boals hud been lost with 17 liands, and this had increased the number of widows on tho. island by 17. The islanders had got u. missionary labour- ing amongst them, but their consuming desire waa for a rat exterminator. Captain Smith had no specific, noryot a toirler dog logivo thom, but ho, made them a present of soma bluestone, that being tho only poisonous material ho lind on board likely to effect the destruction of the irrcpressiulo rodents. From Tristan d'Acuiiha a courso was Bhapod past Gough Island on to Prince Edward Island! This was in conséquence of infoi mation received from the ship County of Edinburgh that another ship, tho Earl of Jersey, hud lost a boat and some six orsoven hands, and there was a remote hope that tho liufoi tuuutu people might have sailed or drifted towards Princo Edwin d Island, A man had been lost overboard fiom the Earl of .lorsoy, and tho boat and crow had put ofl to rescue him. Neither boat nor crew were'over seen again, although tho ship rriuuinnd in the vicinity of the accident for over two days. One of the occupants of tho boat was uu apprentice on br>»<"l ?ho Earl of Jersey, nilli was i>»'">eetcd with ^ wealthy and ¡iilluentiul people. The captain ' ; of that vessel said that a reward of £1,000 would bo gladly paid to anyone who would pick up tho castaways or procuro tidings of them. With tho Humane object of finding out if the boat and crew had leached Prince Edward Island, Captain Smith went as close as ho could to it -fruin half a milo to a mile ; but, though the placo was closely scanned, there was no sign of life, or of any settle- ment, temporary or otherwise, on tho island. Nnw ZKALAND COVXIISMUNT INKDHAXCE. -It is stated that the results of the Now Zealand Government Insurance investiga- 1 tiou show that tue accumulated funds of the 1 department nt the close of the period for 1 1SS0-8S amounted to £1,102,000, out of I which the actuaries now declaro £245,305 to I be clear surplus property. The whole of this might bo divided, but with a viow to hereafter equalising tho boniisei,, and enabling tho reversionary bonuses to incroaso rather than diminish us tho expectation of Ufo on the part of the policy-holders grow« less, it ia recommended to cinry foi ward no less than in round numbers £95,000, which, with its accumulation of interest, will swell tho pioflts of tho next quinquennial period. At tho last actuarial investigation and distribution of piolita, in 1880, the total accumulated futid only amounted to £459,000, out of which thu English actuaries declared £78,000 to bo clear surplus, and £511,000 was divided by way of bonus, about £22,000 being carried forward. These figures represented tho result of 10 years' oporationa, and the sur- plus profits of tho last five years bear a much larger proportion to tho accumulated funds than did those of the first five years' opera- tions. Probably tho results would have buen still more favourable had the business been conducted throughout the period as a Government department, instead of being experimented on for a time as un indepen- dent concern under the management of, a board. ' j PitOPiTAiiLi: MI;AT PiinsunviNo. - The balance-sheet of tho Gear Meat Preserving and Freezing Co. up to the 30th November S| last (says a New Zealand exchange; is ' a most satisfactory one. Tho profit on sales und inuiiufuctuics is sot down at £21,075 7s. Id.; profits from insurance fund, £1,043 4s. Od., which, M ¡til the amount brought for- ward from last year (£211 Us. ld.j.'^nd transfer fees, gives u total profit and loss account of £23,541 10s. 8d. On the other Bide, £227 Qs. 2d. has been written off as preliminary expenses, £2,782 14s. Id.' is allowed for depreciation of plant, £2,053 13a. Oil. has been written oil' the properties ; and salaries, taxes, etc., 'have absorbed £1,970 13s. ltd.;' interest and discount, £3,057 11)8. 3d.,/The directors lccommend the payment of a dividend of 12' per cent, and the carrying forward of £2,000. W Tho annual ball for the pupils attendini; H Miss Spurling's school will bo held on Wed- ? nesdoy, 19th inst., a wook earlier that origin- ? ally fixed, owinjr to tho Launceston Regatta ? being fixed for the 27th._, «. B Harlech," sung in English, did nut go with the Bpirlt that might have been expected, but several others in the first part of the concert were very.good, and every item rendered by the club in the Bcecnd part of the programme waa vory good. "The convades song of Hope"1 und tim anthem. " But in tho last days," were aitn^etuw superior poriurmuneCB exhibiting t.iu wonderful cajacityof those Welshmen for part singing., Tim)tune was perfect, some of the dramatic phrases coming forth in such perfect unison that tltoy appeared to be the utterance of one giaud voice. The hai'mony, too, was perfect, and there was a spirit in the singing which fully interpreted the music. These wore i certainly the best numbera, though Parry's "Sleighing glee" and "Sailors' chorus" with their lhythmlc bars and jolly i inging i cfrains, appealed to bo moro gcueially enjoyed, and had tobo repealed. , .JAI-AMÎSK Viu.*qfi.-The business mana- ger, Mr. li. P. Lyons, arrived in town laat evening to make arrangements for the Japanese Village, which'is to be opened at the Exhibition-building on .Saturday, January 15. The exhibition is illustrative of the arts, manufacturas, amusement«, and tho idiosyncrasies- of Japan, and a detailed account of the novelties to be presented will be found in ouruilveitiBÍng columns. f WKI.K ol' PIUYKB.-The second of tho meetings connected with these services was held last night iii tho Primitive Methodist Church, which was vieil filled. Addressee on the subject of "Humiliation for sin" «.ero delivered by the Rev. R. McCullotigh and Mr. John Rutherford, and vi ero atten- tively-listened to. The Rev. D. Anncar and Messrs. Ife, Hiddlcstano, and Pitt also took part in tho proceedings. The meeting to- night will bo held in the Melville-street Wcsleyan Church. BAZAAB AT BHIOHTON.-The bazaar, in aid of the deficiency in the fundB of St, Mark'B Church, was continued on Friday, tho 31st December, and pro ved, a greater success than was anticipated.' Tho Christinas Tree was again a great atti action, as was also the line art exhibition, which was presided over hy Miss Newnham.. Miss G. Hinds, assisted by Miss S. Scott, cal ried on alargo trade with tho Innty Unp und brou pio. , Miss Drury and .Miss Daniels successfully catered for the creature comfoits of the visitors, who were veiy numerous. The post office, which vvuB under tho direction of Miss Hardman, created no little amusement during the evening. Avery bimlt biisiucss was carried on by the vuiioua stall-holders, as the ladies wet e most assiduous in their attentions to the visitors. The goods i emum- ing ufter the sale were disposed of on Satur- day evening by a Bruce auctiou. most suc- cessfully conducted by Mr. J. Palmer, of Bagdad, who carried on business in a humorous manner, keeping the room in roars of laughter, and by bis clever sales adding a most satisfactory sum to tho pro- ceeds of the bayaar. The thanks of the com- mittee ure given to Moasrs. Goodwin and McDonald, of Lower Jerusalem, for their kind contribution of Howers for ilocorutiug the bazaar room. O'BKIKN'N Btanui:.-A bazaar to aid in liquidating the debt on St. Mathew's Church, in tills ettbtnb, will be held in the tear of the church on the 13th and 14th i list. GEEVESTON CHNOIH-OATIONAE Ciii'itcii. The pastor and office-beat era of this chinch return thanks to all those who assisted in saving the building from destruction by fire on Monday last. TAMAK REGATTA.-This regatta is to be held at Stophcnsoii's Bend on Thursday, January 27. Entiles cloto nt 10 p.m. on 'Monday, Januniy 24. GKEEN PONDS RACKS.-A mooting of the promoters of the above was hold at the Ex- change Hotel, Green Ponds, on Saturday .last. A programme waa drawn np, ti secre- tary elected, und the meeting adjourned for a week, when the date of holding the races will be fixed. . ' « THE COWING RACE MEETINGS.-This is tho last opportunity afforded of reminding horse owners, tiainern, etc., that entries for Hobart Cup, Wilson 'Memorial Stakes", T.R.C.Haiidieap(Elwiok)i and Two-year old Stakes, Launceston Cap, T.T.C. Handicap; .Steeple (Moubray), closo this afternoon, at 4 o'clock. SviiNiv UNIVEHSITV CRICK KTEHS.-Wo regret to lenrn that the match which was lo have been played on Friday and Saturday next between tho Sydney University mid the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association has been Indefinitely postponed. A letter has been received from Mr. Reginald Ellet-, in which he expresses his regret at not being ablo to bring the team1 owing to the business engagements of several of those who had arranged in the first instance to come over. This will bo very disappointing news' to our players who -bad been preparing themselves to uphold the cricketing reputa-1 lion of the colony, and oimoying to tho, committee who had' made all the nccetBary, arrangements. ' ' . NATOJIAI, HisTonv.-Included in the ship- ments of the bat que Ethel, which loft for London last evening, is the following list of native animals :-h iv e pairs of kangaroos, different sorts, 1 pair wallaby«, 1 ' pair kan- garoo rats, 1 pair bandicoots, striped, 1 pair monkey bears from Twofold Bay, 3 wombats, I Tasmanian devil,'taino,'and a vin ¡ed assort-' mont of Australian and Tasmanian birds. THE Al'lUCAN OsxiuuilES.-The ostriches on board the Jokann Brodcrscn were open to publie view yesterday, and about 700 people took advantage of tho opportunity of seeing those foreign birds. The sight- seers wero oonveyed to the barque by O'May's steamers, tho s.s. Pinafore and Result. On stepping on board they were received by the owner of the birda, vi ho showed them every attention. There ure 40 ostriches on board, and they include several choice bird*. No. 1 pen contains a mule bird, which is one of the original Well rudultht breed of ostriches. He ia about 10 years of agc, und is estimated to be worth £150. In No. 25 pen there is another ostrich valued at the same price. A male hird that was penned opposite was acci- dentally killed during the voyage, and six {"..r* were lost by ueknees dilling the tun rout ,.,.. Nlltal Nevertheless the show of uirüs is a . interesting and valuable one, and was viowl-.. ,,,, £, ¡ t j ¿ ditton there was Bli. , f t , , eggs, some feathers am. ....cr curio»-which lent additional intcreat td . ,".|,;iliHm, It i« announced that the ostill..^'"1 î'°": bo on vlow today. wl" not COMPTON COAL MINI;.-Sir. A Brock ..,, be happy to meet all persons wishing to in- spect this mino on Friday next. ïlto CB. Pinafore will convey passengers to the mine on that date. T\HM\NIAV rinn J.SKI'IUNCÏ: COVPANV. -Tho annual mooting of this company will bo held nu Wi-dnuadny, 10th hist, WKHMWII lY HAI.I'-HOUDAV.-Tho Socro taiy to the Grooora' and Drapois' Associa- tion notifies that the placos of business usually olosod on Wednesday af toi noon, will romnin open to-iluy. * ' ' FOUND DISAII,-some sensation was caused in Now-stroot, near Gotilbmn- stroùtT'bythe discovery yestciday afternoon of n dead body in a loft bulonghig to Mi, Fearnley, The body, which was in an iulviiiicod,stato of decomposition,' was ¡dciilifiud as that of a lahouicr niiint'd ,Wm. Lcaiy, aged about 30yoais. It apponrs that, thu decoaaod was «** in tho habit'of .lodging oècaslpiially in this ' loft, which ¡B situated at tho icarof-Mr, Fcainloy's preiniseB, and as it Mas not much used no objection suoms to havo boen made by the piopiiotor. As far as^an bo ascer- tained at prosent deceased was last seen to seek his nigl|tly lofiigo about a week ago, and since that timo ho has not iheen seen noi has his absence been noted in any v* ay,, until yestoulay, when Mrs. Fearnley went into tho shod to get somo Wood, She* saw something resembling blood dripping J from the loof, and ii soauh >vas instituted winch resulted in Lroiy's body being found. , Dr. Giblin viowod tho body. Thero waa a mark on the side of tho head, probably »used by a fall, but thero is nothing to indicate that deceased has boen the victim of foul play. On tho conttaiy, appearances indicate that deceased, who bud evidently sunk to the vagrant class, died a lonely death from natural caneos. A poní-moi tem examination of the body will be made, and an inquest hold on Thursday, , 