Australian Tales and Adfentnres. No. l%.-(.Con,'lmkd.-) A RACE FOR LIFE. ? . v By E. P. Whitwortli. CHAPTER IT. WITAT WOK NDUENT DID. As I havo already eaid, Diok Nugent was an officer in the now defunofc Cape Mounted BiCcs, and that, after the disbandmentof that gallant corps, he odme out to Australia. So he did. But there romaiDs between GrahamB1 Town at the Capo, and Australia, a hiatus of two years to bo filled np, and this is the very mystery, a myBtery about whioh you could VATV rrtrplv not T)tftlr fn aav nnittKinn 1n* be was as modest an he was bravo, and his gallant, dtieds, although renorded in the regi mental orders ot the day, were seldom, if ever, al''H?d to by himpnlf. The faat is that Diet, dnrinc tho two years referred to, had been in Now Zealand, whero he had done good servioe with tho troops under the command of tho gallant and lamented Von Tempsky. Dick was as dash ing R light dragoon as ever wielded a sabre, or wore a forage cap on three hairs, and soon attraoted the attention of bin bravo loader, by whom he -was signalled out for any deed re quiring special smartness and daring. It was indeed a perilous time. Tho hill tribes of Maoris, under tho astute Tamati unpta Manu, and the ferocious Patarika his brother, had descended from tho slopes and fastnesses of Tongariro, RuapshD, ond Kahitnpnnua, and had descended, breathing blood and slaughter on the peaoeful settlements of Kakarameo, and tho Patea River, and had joined the Pariatea natives under 'tho prophet' Te Whiti in what they looked upon as a holy war against British rule. Tho Maori ib a strange compound of cunn ing, ferocity, oupidity, ana generosity. Faith ful as a friond, ho is equally treacherous as an enemy, and in his anger knows neither pity nor remorse. Instigated thereto by tho fanatical leaders named, the wild savages of tho interior came down in thousands to sweep the doteoted 'Pakehas' from tho face of the land, and it was to stay this torrent of human passion, to drive baok this avalanche of ornelty and rapine that Von Tempsky and hiB gallant band had ponctrated so far inland as tho Upper Wanganui river, the vary thres hold of the Maori territory. They had been tolerably successful in repelling the advance of the savages, and had, at all events, oontrived to keep the lower settlements free from attack, but, although the danger was in a great measure ignored and pooh-poohed at head quarters by the military authorities at a safe distance in Wellington, still those who knew tho Maori charaoter best, saw that this was but the smoulderiDg of the firo that should presently burst forth like the Bleeping volcano of Tongariro in tho distance, and overwhelm the land in rnin and diomay. Von Tempsky's troops woro stationed at a blook house in a olearing on tha edge ot a dump of bush, whioh though tolerably open on its outskirts, grew gradually more doneo inland, until at a milo or so from the camp it was almost totally impassable. To the North and West of the encampment the oountry was more open, and was dotted with numerous clearings and patohes of cultivated land, the homesteads of well to do settlers, who were anxiously waiting the current of events, not knowing one day from another when the terrible Maoris might spread deso lation in their midst. Diok Nugent and three others had been for more than a week detaohed from tho main body on outpost duty, as an advance picket or soouting party. They were stationed about four miles from tho oamp and occupied qrmr tore at the farm of ono of tho out-settlers. Every thing was quiot, and although minors were rife that the Maoris were rising in this or that direction, nothing definite oould bo seon or heard of the wily foe. Still there was a portent of trouble in tbe very air, and the silence and stillness was liko that before a thunder-storm. The storm was, alas, to oome too soon. One fine morning in February Diok, who was in ohargo of tho picket, divided his men into two parties with tho object of paying a visit to two outlook spots which commended a viow of tho surrounding oountry. There wero two not very lofty hills olose to the edge of a bolt of forest, whioh stretohed away to the lofty ranges to the east ward. It was the custom of the two parties after viBiting theso outlooks to moot half-way between them, and then to visit a ford in the river a mile or eo further on. Diok and hiB comrade had visited their station, and perceiving no oauee for alarm, had pnsBod along to the moating placo to join the other party, But no ono appearon'. They waited until, becoming alarmed at tho un wonted delay, they advanced slowly and oautiouely along the track. It was very Btrange. Tho country round wag silent as tho grtwo. Not a eight nor a eonnd that could betoken tho presence of an enomy, and yet they felt a singular promonition of impending dangor and disaster. Had the beginning of tho end then arrived? Tho question was speedily answered, for, noaring the foot of tho hill, Dick, who was in advance, suddenly dropped on hiB kncoa behind a bnsh, signing to his companion to do the same, as ho per ceived something moving through tho bushes ahead. It was as he half thought, a party of Maori warriors, tatooed and paiutcd, stealing on the silent lopo whioh characterises their maroh. Tho torriblo war dance had been performed, the war oanoe had been launched on lake Rotorura, and thoy had ooma forth from their fastneBBCB breathing war and thirstingforslaugbter,headed by the feronious and bloodthirsty fanatic Patarika Nga Manu himself, than whom any ono moro diabolical in aspeot or ia oharaotor, it was impossible to conceive. Too well thoy knew what had happened; the demon band, themselves oon ootilod in tho bush had seen tho poor fellows unoonsoiona of dangor on tho summit of the hill, and had Btolon round and slaughtered them with the murd,croun mori. Dick and hia oompanion bad barely time to sink out o! Bight in the thiak fern and undorgrowdb that skirted the road when they Dame into full viow. Led by the gigantic '? v Patnriko, a very Heroules in size and strength, '?'(. whoso patu Btill reeked with the blood of #tho trooperB, they passed stealthily and rapidly along tho traok in tho direction of the other hill, evidently knowing tho habits ott he soouta, who ' had in all probability been watched, and intending to murder them like wieo1 and to malte a raid on tho eettlers round before the main body of troops nhonld hear of it. Tho Maoris passed as siltntly as ghostB, they numbered about fifty, and wero all fully armod and equipped with native weapons, and a few having Uro firms. No time wtiB to be lost. Tho Maoris would soon dieoover tb« cscnpe of thoir intended vio time, and would cither p enroh tho buah for them, or wlmt was more likely, muke straight lor the farm, and murder every soul, man, woman, and child, in it. Partly orawling therefore, partly running through the masses of denBB undergrowth, the two troopers made a bee lino for tho house. But ere thay reached it they had half a milo ot open oountry to orosa, and beforo they had left the loreflt they hoard tuo yell ot aisappointment from the Maoris at finding their victims gone. Diok woll knew that their wonderful inptinot for tracking would soon send them in hot pursuit, and ho thereforo urged his compan ion forward with all tho speed he oould. But the young follow had neither tho wind nor endurance Diok had, and soon began to lag behind. In vain Dick spurred him on, for his strength failed him, and at laac, just as they reached tho open, and after a last effort, he tripped over a root, fell prono on tho oarth, and at the same timo sprained his ankle. 11 Pat a bullet through my head, Diok, and , leave me,' said tho poor fellow, in mortal ^ anguish. ' Yes, and through my own at the y samo timo. No Bob, not yot, While there's li(o thero's hope, I'll drop a lew o£ 'em at any rate, and if they do catch us, I'il save tho last ' two shotB for you and mysolf.' ' Yes Dick, l but I oan't even walk, ana they have ?- ' Bah, Runs, why they couldn't hit a hay staok,' and so saying ho Blung his oornrado over his broad shoulders, and set off again at a rapid pace. But he bad barely ro4 half way ovar the open flat when tho Maoris burst from the covert, with a loud yell of delight at seeing their quarry so near thfim, while he re doubled his efforts to roach tho house. It was indeed a race for life, and ho was too heavily handicapped to have muoh chance. Nevertheless he struggled bravely on, nerved to desperation by tho savage yells and taunts behind him. Of the Maoris, ouo, a famous runner, had for outstripped the otherB, and wob rapidly gaining on him, intending, when within dis tance, to hurl his epoar at tho flying foe. But Diok knew better than that. Stopping suddenly short, when bio comrade told him the Maori waa within revolver range, he turned, took a quick aim at his advancing enemy, fired, and the savage, bounding for ward, foil on his face coughing up blood, with a bullet through his chest. But this short pause had, of oourao, given the pur suers some advautage, although the one or two who had tho lead did not seem at oil anxious to keep up that honorable distinc tion. Yet they did not abate their pace, and rapidly gained on him, as with his load hia travelling was necessarily slow. Nearer and nearer the enemy, and nearer and nearer tho house. Would he reaoh it. Tho white faces at the window wero those of tho Bettler'ii wife and daughter, while at the door, and ready to close it behind tho sorely beBet man, stood tho settler and bio son. Would he ever win that friendly door ? A tew ttopB more. He falters, staggers, pulls himself together for a last effort, and fairly folio through the open doorway into the middle of the apartmont aa a epear quivers in the door. Thank heaven I Quick rifles, crack, crack, two streams of fire, two puffs of emoko, and two more of the Bavagcs bito the dust. Ayo, yell, and saream, and blaspheme in the language of Mania, oh redoubtable Pataribn nga Manu, but keep out of the reaoh of those venomous looking rifle barrels, or your Ban gatiraship io sped. Of tbo gallant defence of tho homestead by that little band until warned by the signal smoke agreed on, the main body ot troops came up, and forced the Maoris back into tho bush, who, having been in that part of the country, has not lisnrd, and who gained snob honour bath at head-quartern, and from his commander? He having held the ferocious savageo at bay, and escaped with his life by something little short of a miracle, was looked upon an a kind of hero, and although he never talked about this feat of his, still his reputa tion clung to him, And, us a matter of course, made him a favourite with the ladies, even had his natural good humor and gaiety of heart not done so already. CHAPTER V. WHAT CAME OP IT. But there wero other symptoms ol Iova making in our HUIu party, and despite tha watchfulness of Miss Forsyth, and although I laid a striot injunction on every one not to stray out of sight of the oamping ground, under pain of being lost in that denso bush, still, when the baskets had been opened, and the good things therein discussed, all my oare and watohfulness could not prevent the young folks straying off in pairs, professedly in search of ferns, bush flowers, or what not. Indeed, when lulled by the ondleas mur mur of the waterfall, and soothed by tho narcotia influences of the post prandial pipe, Mr Forsyth and myeelf dropped off into that sweetest of all slumbers, tbo siesta by the oamp fira, our flook wandered away alto gether, Diok and Kata, of oourse, Tom Lip pincott and Laura, and even tho stately ' Duoheas,' MisB Nugent, had been led away into the trifling pnrsuit of fern gathering in the doneo undergrowth by the 'newspaper ohap.' ' Cooey ' soon brought the stragglers baok to camp howover, and after a billy of tea, and tho romnants of tho main feast had been disposed of, wo retraced our steps along tho blazed traok through the obscure forest, hot, foot-aore, weary, dusty, dirty and ragged enough in all eon?cionco, but merry as crickets, and antioipsting a refreshing dip in the briny on our arrival ' home.' Ah mo 1 twelvo months have passed and gone Binoo that pleasant pienia in tho grand Otway Ranges, but in twelve months have many ohangea, been brought about, notleast of all, I fanoy, or perhaps in a great moasuro by the exertions of my dear old wife, who is a most inveterate matoh maker. Diok and Kate are married, so aro Tom Lippinoott'and I aura, the wedding of Jnok Thompson and the haughty Olara Nugent is on tho tapis, and Pierce Vftnaittart called on me no longor since than yesterday, to ask my oounsel in a delicate matter, in which a certain Misa Emma Rob3, now in Hobartown, but with whom bo has been for somo time in corres pondence], wcib conoernod. Old Forsyth and myself meet occasionally, for ho spends moro of his time in Victoria than formerly, now hiB girls are married, and as tbo new year approaohes, Mrs Bourka Collins begins to throw out mysterious hints about tho seaside, and to compare tho relative merits and expense of Queensolifl, Portooa, Lome and other placeB, ali of which I protend either not to hear or not to undor otapd, but which I know full well portends a visit to one or other of those places so favourable to horiavoiite pastime of ruatolv mailing, 