THIE OEtt?ON. The following is the full text of the sermon delivered by Father Gallagher: Going therefore, teach yeall nations* * *teaching thoem to observe all things whatsoever I havo coln. manded you ; and behold I as with you all days, veno to the consummnation of thlo world.-Matt. xxrviii, 19, 20. Your Eminence, Most Rev. Lords, Very Rev., Rev., and Dear Brothren,-Every one even in the least conversant with the inspired narrative, the correspondence of ecclesiastical history therewith, and the traditions and usages of our holy faith, will understand from a brief explanation of the sacred ceremony of to- day, not merely the mean ing and duties of the episcopal office, but the apostolical origin and divine constitution of the Holy Catholic Churoh. Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, we are told in the first chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, having accomplished the work of man's salvation, " having shewed himself alive after his passion by many proofs and spoken of the kingdom of God," went forth from amongst men to take his seat at the right hand of His Eternal Father. The Apostles, whom He had selected to proclaim the message and to apply the merits of His sufferings to all the nations, awaited in meditation and prayer the coming of the Paraoleto whom IIoe had promised to send-the Comforter who was to teach them all truth and to abide with them for ever. Their college, however, was not full. A vacancy was in their ranks. Judas, though he had been chosen by our Divine Lord Himself-though he had been numbered with'them and .was to have shared their ministry-had fallen, and " his bishopric was to be given to another." After it prayer to God that He would show them whom He had chosen to take the place of the ministry or apostleship, votes were taken and lots were cast. From the disciples who had companied with them-who represented' the priesthood or second order of the Hierarchy, Mathias was selected. St. Peter, prince of the Sacred Col lege-to whom had been given the keys of the kingdom of Heaven, the power to bind or loose, to approve or to rejeot-confirmed their selection. The Holy Ghost descending in the form of tongues of fire, convoyed the plenitude of the sacerdotal power; and the consecration of the first bishop, nominated after the ascension of our divine Lord, was consummated. And so it is almost exactly in the sacred ceremony which we have witnessed to-day. In the late Plenary Council of Australasia, it having seemed right to the assembled Fathers to widen the sphere and extend the blessings of normal Church action by the erection of new Sees, the suffrages of the united eopisopate recommended our young pro. Into to tihe notice of the Sovereign Pontiff. Th? Vicar of Christ- he who sits in the chair of Peter--he alone can erect now diocees--ho alone can constitute cathedral churches-he alone can appoint bishops and give them authority to rule and to feed their flocks. If the church is in the languago of sacred scripture a house, St. Peter is the rock foundation on which it rests ; the foundation being taken away the house it self must tumble down. If the church is a bree, St. Peter is the root whence all vitality, beauty, fruit, and perennial freshness must ever spring. If the church is a ki,ydomi- and what simile more common in the inspired volume ?-St. Potor is the sovereign from whom all legitimate offico, authority, and jurisdiction flow. The two-hundred and sixtieth successor of St. Poeter, therefore, confirming the choice of the Australian opiscopate, has bestowed upon him (Dr. Dunne) his institution, his jurisdiction, and his flock. Through the sncramontal ministry of the consecrating Cardinal-arohbishop and assistant bishops hero present, acting on the apostolical comnission, the opiscopal character and order are conferred. But though they minister the exterior rite, the Holy Ghost, as on the day of Pentecost, is the interior conseorator, exalting the priest to the high priesthood, extending the sacramental power, consolidating the grace of Government, constituting the now bishop in the image and likeness of the Great High Priest, who has entered with His blood into the everlasting sanctuary, and is the shophord and bishop of our souls. (Peter ii. 5 ) I have just said that the Episcopal consecration extends the sacramental powuer. And so it does. To the bishop it exclusively belongs to porpetuate the ministry of Jesus Christ by the ordination of priests in the sacrament of holy orders. Bishops alone can elevate priests to the episcopal dignity. The bishop alone it is who can on Holy Thursday consecrato the chrism-" the holy and divine olrism"-as it is called in the ancient books which is the visible sign of the invisible unction of the Holy Ghost in so many sacraments and so many connecrations. Ho alone in the conso oration of churches can give as it wore a living soul to the house of stone. By him alone can boe consecrated the altar on which is daily renewed the great sacrifico (the only resource of the human race-the clean oblation) in which in immolated for the living and the dead the immaculate Lamb, whose blood was shed on Calvary for the salvation of the world. The imposition of the bishop's hands alone can impart the perfection of the Christian character in the saorament of Confirmation. To him alone, as representative of Jesus Christ, is committed the care of the consecrated virgins, and the reception of those vows by which they irrevocably bind themselves to the performance of good works and the service of their everlasting spouse. Not only, however, does it extend the eacramental power, but it consolidate.e Ie grace efgovernomot. Once clothed with his jurisdiotion and invested with his mnission by the sovereign Pontiff, the bishop is the ruler of the churches of his diocese. All other ministries'are exercised in dependence on him. Ho is the guardian of revealed truth, the enforcer of the church's canons, the corrector of abuses, the father of his clergy and their judge, the administer of the temporalities, the pastor of his people, the chief preacher of the divine word to his flock, and ultimately responsible to God for the souls entrusted to his care. "Take heed," says St. Paul, in his solemn admonition to his episcopal brethren, " to yourselves and to the whole ilook wherein the Holy Ghost has appointed you bishops to rule the church of God, which He hath redeemed with His own blood." Again, in explaining to the scattered people of God the duty which binds the flock to their chief pastor, he says, "obey your prelates, and be subject to them, for they also watch, as having to give an account of your souls, that they may do so with joy and not with grieving, for this is profitable to you." Such, my dear brethren, is the Catholic episcopate, the samo, though widened by the expansion of 1900 years- en dowed as teachers with the same immunity from doctrinal error in their corporate capacity: nearly the same in their individual power of rule as were the Apostles when they went out from the upper room in Jerusalem on the first Penticoet day with the divine command to go forth and to instruct the nations. To pro serve intact the " deposit of faith,"-to preach in season, out of season, to protect their flocks against the wolves, to ward them off from poisonous pastures, to raise from the death and cleanse from the leprosy of sin-these have Leon the occupation of their lives and the main object of their energies in all the Christian centuries. For the first 300 years they literally fulfilled the prediction of their heavenly Mtaster. Possessing neither gold nor silver, nor scrip nor staff, nor raiment for their journey, delivered up in the councils and scourged in the syna gogues, brought before governors and kings, hated by all men for His Name's sake, they feared not them who killed the body, but boldly epake the divine message which had been given them to announce, and fearlessly proclaimed it before the kings and Gentiles, and children of Israel. "In journoyings often, in perils from their own nation, in perils from the Gentiles, in perils from false brethren; in labour and painfulness and much watchfulness; in hunger and thirst and fastnmge and cold and nakedness ; in daily instance and in the solitude of all the churches" they gloried in nought save in their own infirmity, and in being thought worthy to senffer still greater things for the name of Jesus. Ground like wheat, as was St. Ignatius of Antioch, beneath the teeth of wild beasts in the Flavian amphitheatre, to become a pure and white bread for Jesus Christ ; burned at a slow fire as was St. Polyearp of Smyrna, after his eighty-six years of labour and teaching and sacrifico and prayer; or like St. Cyprian of Car thago, winning more souls for faith and heaven by his martyrdom than by all the splendid gifts of his brilliant mind; the bishops of the three first centuries vanquished their persecutors not less by the greatness of their patient sufferings than by the sublimity of their teaching and the sanctity of their beautiful lives. This was the generous spring which yielded its rich and abundant fruit in those giants of the hierarohi cal order, in the theological science of St. Gregory of Nazianzen, in the intrepidity and learning of St. Basil; in the fearless and golden eloquence of St. John Chrysostom; in the piety, unction, and zeal of St. Ambrose of Milan; in the dialectic skill and philosophic depth of the great St. Augustine. And then a change came. The world which they had con quered by their courage, their faith, their sacri fice, and their superior enlightenment ceased to crucify and molest them. The blood of martyrs had become the seed of Christianity. The doc trines preached bythohumbleofishermonof Galilee, though foolishness to the Gentile and a scandal to the Jew, having vanquished the philosophies of Zono and of Epicuro, of Plato and of Cicero, had become the religion of the empire, and the cross of our Saviour-that glorious symbol of human contempt and of divine love-had taken its place by sanction of public law above the eagle of the capitol. Emperors became the adorers of that name which they had blasphemed and foster- fathers of the church whose blood they had shed. The purple dye of martyrdom was exchanged for that of royalty; and for twelve centuries and more--from the fourth to the sixteenth-the bishops of the Catholic Church occupied the chief place, not merely in the spiritual kingdom but in the progress, in the civilisation, and in the government of the world. It was a high commission, the highest ever given by Almighty God, even in the temporal domain, to any one order of men. Yet the records of history tell us how faithfully, how nobly they discharged the varied duties of their exalted trust. Their superior culture, their winning address-that refinement and illumination which ever spring from the moral purity and the con tact of high intelleot with spiritual things-led captive the affections of rulers and of people As lord high chancellors they hoeld the seals of office. As treasurers-in times when finance was far from being the science it is to-day-in times of lawlessness and unrest, they were the trusted depositories of the nation's funds. As justiciaries they distributed impartial justice to serf and noble, to rich and poor. As ambassa dors they upheld the dignity and maintained the rights of the respective countries at the courts of kings. Their domains it was that extended the privileges and elovated the status of the moediwval churl and villoin; as before they had fought the battle and set the example of the manumission of the slave. Under the shadow of their majestic cathedrals reposed in calm security the chief, if not the only, high schools of the ago. From their munificence and enlightened zeal sprang most of the colleges and universities of Europe. Their diocesan synods, the provincial and national councils in which they legislated in their collective wisdom-while correcting abuses, while elevating the standard of public morals, while regulating discipline by salutary laws, curbed the lawless power of sovereigns and of barons, stood out as the highest type of order and of freedom in discus. sion, and became the models after which were fashioned the deliberative assemblies of the modern world. They know, too, the art of withstanding kings and cowing despots. If a charter of liberty were to be demanded it was the Catholic bishop whose learning and prudence dictated the words-the Catholic bishop whoso courage led on the more timid barons - who presented it for the signature of the sovereign. (Cardinal Langton in the reign of King John, Archbishlop Winchelsea in that of Edward I, Archbishop Seropo in that of Henry IV, are examples of what I mean.) Again, under their zoal and fostering patronage convents and mon asteories arose ahd became the active seats of labour, of learning, and of prayer, or homes for the orphan, the indigent, thebo diseased, the suffering ones of lhumanity-in every form. From their lofty ideals sprang the churches and cathedrals which still adorn the face of Europe -noblest offering over made out of material tlhings by the intellect, the heart, and the hand of man to the author of his being. The institution and endowment of parishes brought the teachings of religior, the graces of the sacraments, the counsel of a sincere and enlightened friend, into every town and hamlet and sequesterod valley; and the poor had the gospol preached to them through the mondicant and the proaching friars. Thus for twelvo cen turies a united brotherhood of holy chief-pastors, n with initro and crozier and uplifted hand walked r forth and taught, and blessed, and ruled a faith- e ful and contented people. And the abiding c presence of a majestio hierarchy, in duo subor dination of authority from humble looteor to Cathedral dean in all the nations of Christian Europe, onorgised through its ten thousand instruments of beneficenco and enlightenment for the development of mind, for tLo elevation 1 of morals, for the aeouring of liberty, for up- i holding the truth of God, for saving the soulsof t men. To the opiscopate especially applies that roemark o just and true of the philosopher Montesquiou, regarding the universal church " Admirable thing," says he, "is the Christian religion; it seems to have no other end in view than happiness in the next world. Yet is it the great sourco of happiness and highest progress in the present." It was while a bishop of holy church-Cardinal Ximonesn-guided the destinies of the country, that Spain reached the summit of her glory and her power; throw around the earth the cordon of her posts military and coommercial, intollectual and missionary, and enriched the empire of oivilised nations by the addition of the now world. If again, France during the reign of Louis XIV attained in political power, in the arts of war and peace, in soience, in literature, in refinement, in the possession of men great in every department, a degree of splendor, which rivalled if it did not surpaea the most brilliant epochs of all history, it was after the genius of the Cardinals Richeion and Mazarin had organisod the power and consolidated the resources of the kingdom. It was at the time when the gentle wisdom of Fenelon, Archbishop of Cambray, formed the character of its princes -at the time when the eaglo mind of Bossuet, Bishop of Moeaux, influenced for good, even if he could not always direct thecounsels of the nation. Never perhaps did that circle of states which make up the Germanio confederation enjoy a larger measure of freedom, reach a higher level of prosperity and social happiness, on rich mankind more by the inventions of their genius, add to the domain of philosophic thought or experimental soionoo, than in those centuries when happy and contented peoples paid allegiance to rulers who united in one person the mitro and the crown; when prince-bishops by their common faith welded so many discordant elements into the unity of the Fatherland; when the spiritual fathers of the peoples, by their votes in the Diets, decided the election of the emperor. Such are some of the thoughts which might naturally occur at least to the student of history in view of the sacred ceremony which we witness to-day. Times have changed. Institutions have been modified, now forms of thought, now systems of government, altered conditions of social life have .sprung up since then. But never at any period of the church's history was the Catholic bishop stronger, never were his responsibilities greater, never did he wield a more potent influence for good than he does at the present day. He may not be called upon, indeed, to. represent our divine Lord in his character of priest and victim, as were the bishops of the early church-to announce the heavenly messago amid persecu tions and to confirm it with their blood. He may not be required to organiso a now society out of the decomposing elements of a pagan world; to curb the power, resist the oppressions, to tame the unbtidled passions of self-willed lords and savage hordes, to create a now order out of chaos, ias were the bishops of the Middle Age, when Contusion heard their voice and muto uproar stood rouled. No need in our day that he should in person (though his inlluence must be always present) take his seat as oivil magistrate on the bench of justice; grasp the sword and accompany the armies of his people to battle for their. freedom, or guide the political affairs of state in the cabinets of kings. He is all the stronger for the change. Stripped of earthly splendors he is tempted to no unworthy 'compromiso between the cause of God and the interests of the world. No longer the servant of princes, he is tenfold the servant of his people. Freed from the trammels of the secular power, guided by the divine law alone, he can upbraid the vices of rulers; he can resist the onoroachmonts and correct theerrors of statesmen; he can moderate the demands and reprove the excesses of the revolutionary and democratic spirit without in curring the suspicion ofworking for a selfish aim. "To them," says the great Count do Maistro, "still belongs the marvellous ascend ancy which stopped Theodosius at the door of the Cathedral of Milan, Attila on his way to Romo, or Louis XIV at the altar rail." Strong in the affection of his people and their implicit trust in his impartial rule; strong in the piety, union, learning, and zeal of his priests; strong in their unwavering faith and deep attachment to the centre of unity; strong above all in the abiding presence of Him who has promised to be with him all days to the consummation of the world; what is there (for the diffusion of truth, the disoomfituro of error, the building up of the temple, material and spiritual, of Jesus Christ) which he may not hope to accomplish What if he meet with difficulties; they but plume his courage. What if disappointment thwart his every stop? Nothing worthy of last ing, nothing great and glorious-whether in the kingdom of nature or of grace-which is not the costly purchase of labour and sacrifice and anxiety and toil. He has so much to thick of, so many interests to guard, the foundations of so many institutions to lay, so much to test the patience of his soul, so much to construct, so many things to sot in order, that every natural gift, every latent power of sacramental grace and energy, is brought out into activity and life. As teacher, feeding his mind from the inspired volume, from the defined teaching of Holy Church-from those rich and abundant stores of thought whilch are bequeathed to him by the brightest intelloots of all ages from St. Irenmus to St. Thomas of Aquin, from Tertullian to Cardinal Nowman, he must keep intact the " deposit of faith," he must preacb the word-instant in season, out of season, re proving, entreating, rebuking his own children in all patience and doctrine; striking and wounding with Heroulean might the monster of falohood and of error wherever and in whatsoever shape it raise its hydra head. As a ruler blend ing the wisdom of the serpent with the simplicity of the dove, he must be firm to maintain order and disciolino; just to inspire confidence; swaying souls (pluas afeclione quam epolestate ac cording to the beautiful expression of St. Cyprian) more by love than power-over Attempoering with the sterncness of thle brain, Thougtas motlerly and meek its womalnhood. Entrusted as he is with the interests of the eternal Father who is in heaven, and with the preservation of faith and morals amongst men, he must not yield to weakness. He must be prepared to cast out, like ourdivine Lord, with a holy indignation, the traffickers, the unbelievers, the scoffers, who would pollute with their pro sence or turn into a den of thieves the temple of the living God; he must be prepared to cast forth without mercy-in the plenitude of his power if need wero-the wolf or the hireling, whether among pastors or people, who by the errors of his teaching or the soandals of his life would be a source of corruptioh and of death to the occupants of the fold; still more ready, however, to receive back, like the good father of the Gospel, in the benignity of his heart, the repentant and returning one to his fatherly em brace, to the joys and shelter of the paternal home. In fine, says St. Ambrose-himself that most beautiful type of his exalted order-" The lifo of the wholo flock must first be found in the bishop. Being elected from all men to preside over all, olovated into the calm seat of peaceful judgment, he must be the mcdic(s ct exemplar, healer and model of all." "Not lording it over the clergy, but becoming a pattern of the flook from the heart," he must be a man of solid and sterling virtue, sober, prudent, chaste, hospitable, not given to anger, not proud, not greedy of filthy lucre, over preferring truth and the clear ring of its golden voice, duty and the sweet and consoling accents of its approval, to the mean ambition of man's praise aud the vulgar popu larity of the passing hour. Take then, Most Rev. Father, the crozier which is this day placed in your hand. Great is the dignity which has been conferred upon you. To be made, like St. Timothy at Ephesus, or St. Titus at Crote, or St. Paulinus at York, or St. Hilary at Poitiers, or St. Patrick at Armagh, the founder of a new diocese, the first bishop of a now see-even in the long history of the church it can be only the rare distinction of the chosen few. But if the dignity be great, the labour, the responsibility, and the serifloo are greater still. You have been honoured, and you have obeyed-burdened, and youdo not refuse the labor. Like the Apostle St. Paul, drawingstrength from yout own timidity and weakness that "your work may stand not in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God," go forth, not in the persuasive words of human' eloquence, judgiug yourself to know nought but Jesus Christ and Him crucified, to enter upon the discharge of your exalted ollico, to place the foundations of our holy faith on a firm ground work-to form a new flock, to fence in and plant a now vineyard for our Father who is in Heaven. Accompaniod by the prayers and the good wishes of all who know you, priests and people, go with courago into that vast territory which to-day is consigned to your spiritual rule. Almost anticipating the onward march of civilisation, be there to give the blessing of heavon to the works of the hands of man-to weave the golden thread of religious principles into the texture of its matorial and intelleotusl progress-to plant thotinymustard seed which willsoon grow upinto a goodly trooee, and gladden by its beauty and nourish with its fruit, and spread its protecting shade over those arid plains-to bring, in a word, countless souls saved by your ministry into the presence of our Lord Jesus Ohrist t His ooming, to be for eternity your crown of glory and your joy. As for us, my dear brethren, you and me who represent his people and his priests, a great duty devolves on us also on a day likeo this. On this day so full of happy augury-this day so symbolio of the progress of our holy faith-this day so fitted for thankfulness and great joy-lot us ask of God- during the concluding portion of this august ceremony-for this now diocese, this youngest daughter of the Australian or rather of the universal church, that Ho may in His mercy bestow upon it three gifts. Lot us ask in the first place that He may raise up within it a laity who by the strength and docility of their faith, by their assiduous practico of all the ohurch's precepts-by the oxample of truthful, and manly, and upright and virtuous lives, will illustrate the elevating influencos of our holy religion. Lot us pray, in the second placo, that God may grant it that greatest blessing which oven the divine moroy can bestow on a diocese or a peoplo-a priesthood according to His own heart, a priesthood enlightened, laborious, self-sacrificing-like their divine model, "poure, innocent, undefiled, separated from sinners "-a priesthood who to the highest attainable culture of mind will unite the most perfoot discipline of lifo, exquisite purity of soul, and a zeal which will long to labour and be spent for tho salvation of their people. In fine, let us offer up an earnest prayor for this young prolate that God may give him all the strength and graces necessary for the fitting discharge of his onerous and exalted oflico ; that he omay lay broad and deep and strong the foundations on which others may continue for generations to build the beautiful fabric of our holy faith--that, in a word, when he and all of us shall have gone to give an account of our stewardship at the judgment seat of God, a long sucooession of prelates, eminent for every high and noble epi?copal gift, may make it their boast and aim to emulate the zoal, to rival the energy, and to imitate the virtues of the first Bishop of Wiloannia. 