TUEF GOSSIP. The Tasmanian . Racing Club commenced their three days' Bport with something of a surprise in the Hobart Cop, which appears to have been easily -won by Maori Chief, a four year-old, by Manuka, from Jenny, who de feated a veiy warm favourite in Harvester by a length, (be latter, by the way, conceding the Tasm&nian; halt-a-stone. Harvester had a Jollowijig in Melbourne, who did not hesitate to lay 6to2 on the son of Emu lation, Maori Chief is the son of a Tas manian aine, two others of whose sons have mode their marie this season, viz., Kitewa and KohftS, the formed of Whom won the valuable Garringtoi) Stokea, on the second day ol the Sydney lorf CLnb'a New Year's Meeting Maori Chief, prior to this week's performance, had not during the present sea Bon, V. The leading featured of the second and third days' racing at Hobart were un doubtedly the amends made by Harvester for his defeat in the Cap on Wednesday. The son of Emulation, to commence with, won the new Wilson ,Memorial Stakes, giving Fish o' Silv^t- a lump of weight and a three-quarters of a length beat ing. Backers, though, had to lay 5 to 2 on the favourite, Yesterday Harvester won the Taemani&n; R.C. Handicap, beating Lamondand Graft vflle, with the steadier of 9st Sib. in the saddle _ Harvester's Tst. 4ib. in. the Newmatlrat~T3andicap will now be raised to 7et 2llb.SiIverfcon, a son of The Assyrian, from Sitvertbread. by St Albans Silverhair, by Cervue-Pjrfldeuce, who won the Nursery Stakes on Thursday, is highly spoken of by "Augur." The acceptances for next week's Launces ton meeting are not due cill Monday, so that it would be a risky business to venture any opinion as to this probabilities of the Cup. The great crowd that mustered at Moonee Valley on Saturday afternoon once more testi fied to the popularity of the little suburban course amongst racing men high and low. True it is that the fields are generally of larger dimensions, but the Assemblage that went out for a good afternoon's Bport were not disappointed, and enjoyed the bill of fare to their 'hearts' content, Ariel, Walhallfl, and Liddington were thethree good things of the meeting, and backers consequently bad the best ot it, whilst* if they did not spot Hpueycomb for £be he Roi Handicap, after ber.very creditable display in the recent Vic torian Club Cup, 4Jwcad only themselves to blame. Refernfe'to Walhalia D&rtlcnlarly;, the Vle^^t ^® cm> awarded Mr. Miller's hnraj&acer; i^a^« tow po|At with the fielders, 'and** scarcely;ihu»'k, amongst such a field, that .ce: -could r have lo«t twith . a atone more. Bat handicapped are only human, and they "catl makS mistakes like men in an> : ptbw wafk of life. The new hurdle-race conrse seems to be a judicious move .90 the part of Mr. Cox, inas much the flat wiuuow be left for the legitimate business alone-. 'Sy-the-by, there was one cause of complftinttfcattheproprietor oughtto provide against In tfmrfor the next meeting, namely, the conaittott JJf the lane leading from the course, fp JUQonee-pouda station. The dust was ankle .deep, and the walk op the said fane w» most disagreeable. The remedy is eitnjple enough. Two or three turns of a water-catthau an hour before the Inst ^ace Would lfl£ tlie duat effectually. Visitors to Mooiwe Valley complain about thedust tlte wore that during the whole time theyareou the coarse the nuisance is com-, pletely shufc out: f , The halfrBtone ptsnatyy put on Walliallp. in tbeiio ftoi tor winning tjbe Hurdle JUwe-.-tWF' Ji9W:.i#vio#^r:jtogjF . lot of l»ople CQmpiemy hy(eurprtse.; Rule 1, how* ever.of the Vi.RO.: rules, in its amended f6rth, 4«:tborousib lyerplgtontofy. As the re gulanon oOahfiUy 8toM.ther*ord u rack" plaje, matcht or sweeRB^S. «> >6teepje ' I t I 1 J /' 'W-J ».*» of Hating,"which came into foroe^bttitJte-feV of October l&Bt;, aateeplecbaae or hurdle *ace was made to be included in thelartu ? "race, hence the penalty placedon W&lhaHa;, the conditions oE the Le Hoi Handicap, more over, reading thus:-" Winner of any handi cap after the declaration pf weights to carry 71b. penalty in any of the above handicaps. We believe this to be the first instance of the new V. R.C. rule being brought into force. The Australian Jockey Club Autumn Meet ing will be the leading event for the notice of turfmen in the two colonies next Monday. On that day entries clone for tue Sydney Cup, the added money to which has been raiBed to 1,000 sova, the sweepstakes of 20 BOVS. for ac ceptors .being the same, whilst Lady Carnng ton generously presents a trophy of the value ot 100 guineas, The second horse will re ceive 200 bo vs., and the third 100 BOVB., BO that there Is every encouragement to owners to enter here and in Sydney, and, indeed, we shall anticipate a Bprin)ilinst of nominations from New Zealand. Entries will be received at the A.J.C. office, in Sydney, or at the V.R.C. office, in "Melbourne, up to 4 p.m. on Monday. . The amount of the first forfeit of 4> sovs. must accompany each entry. On Monday next, too, the Hawkesbury | Rowley Mile and Autumn Handicap close. To the former sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each 1200 sovs. ar^ added, while the sweepstake of 10 sovs.' in the big handicap is supple mented with 300 BOVB; added money; Entries will be received either at the H.R.C. oflice, Richmond, the AJ.C. or the V.R,C. offices. Mr. J. Duffett was the winner of the filly Alexandra, drawn for on the art- union prin ciple for the benefit of the widow and child of the late Frank Len#, the trainer. Mr., Duffett has made, a present of his prize to Mrs. Leng, who might do worse than put the Gfly up tor sale by auction. The New minBtera have'made a' name' for themselves this season. Several of the Caulfield trainers complain about the c&Valief; manned in which they are treated by the railway authorities in the im portant matter of horse- box accommodation. Why not organise & deputation to the com missioners? Mitrailleuse arrived at Sydney on Saturday, by the Waihora. The daughter of Musket is expected to reach Flemington for her great V. R.C. autumn engagement to-day (Saturday). . , , , The VVarrnambool racing folks have made their winter steeplechase arrangements. The Racing Club will hold their meeting on the 26th and 28th of April, and the Amateur Turf Club on the27tb. The following is the pro gramme for the two days of the Racing Club: -First Day-Autumn ?Stakes, of 40 eovs.; Junior Steeplechase, 60 sovs.; Wangoom Handicap, 40 sovs.; Hurdle Race, 80 t>ove.; Selling Hurdle Race, 30 sova.; Selling CJub Flat Race, 30 sova. Second Day-Trial Stakes Handicap, 40 sovs.; Hurdle Race, 50 sovs.; Flat liaoe, 60 sovs.; VVarrnambool Handicap Steeplechase, 200 sovs.; Selling Flat Race, 25 sova; Pony Race, 20eovs. The nominations are due on the 2Gth March. A queer stpry comes from Ararat, relative to a horse lhat ran at the late meeting under a name different to that of its proper one. it is said that a well-known jockey made the discovery, and is in possession of the facts. If so, -why does- he not report the matter to the Victoria Racing Club secretary? It doesnlt do to .be, thin-skinned or chary in things of thia Kind. . . , The.Behalf Racing Club have announced the following programme for foe meeting oh tneSSth of MarchHandicap Hurdle Race, 30 sovs.: Benalla. Handicap,' 60 aovs.; Irial Stakes, lb' sova; Selling .lUce, 25_sova; Railway Stakes, 40 aovs.; Fiaal Flutter, 20 sova; and Consolation Stakes. .. Mr. Chirles Snewing, of taroctacus fame, died recently in "England. An old- country sporting journal Rives the following interest ing sketch of the deceasedMr. Snewings connection with the turf dated far bade, but one of the strongest links that connects his memory with the "sport of kings was his rhyming prediction about Inheritress lor the Chester Cup, which, as the record shows, she won. The Derby of 1862 was, and is, the moat remarkable ever run for. It was won by Mr. Snewing's Catactacus, which was ridden by a Btable-lad jockey, the boy Parsons, who never rode before or after his memorable victory. Mr. bnewing devoted only a little of his leisure time to racing, his chief study being the nicking of the strains of blood which he loved and fancied so much* His was a kindly and generous heart, and many who knew and felt his bounty have joined the majority. JJut not a few are left to tell of his many acta ot kiudne3s and generosity. As an instance ot Mr. Snewing's acumen and judgment, we may mention the following incident. He was crossing a field near .to which Surplice, when a yearling was gamboling. After looking the youngster over for some minutes, he went up to the rustic in charge, andj handing him a bit of gold, said, "Here, my man,, dnnk my health after he wins the Derby. Surplice also won the St Leger. All the_ world and biB wife visited the great Exhibition of 1851, and Charles Snewing was painfull/ touched by the statue of the captive Caractacua, and he swore that if he should ever, possess a colt worthy of being entered for the Derby, be would name him after the brave but Tinfor tunate Briton. It will not be forgotten that, the defunct Marquis tan Carac tacus to a neck for the Derby. As an example of die progress of flat racing in America it may be mentioned that 25 stakes, representing over 40,00Gdol of money, wi|l be run for on the Coney Island Jockey Club track at Sheepshead Boy _ during the June and autumn meetings of this year. Six of these stakes are new, and the valne of Etettrn. wick-park' meeting wilt be issued on Monday. The forfeits are to be declared on Thurs ^To-day there will, doubtless, be a large gathering at Caulfield. 'Hie card is one that ought to please everyone, and the running in the principal handicap may throw some little light on the forthcoming NewmariketHan dicap. In the way of predictions, The Ghost or Liddington look ^atfor the Selling Race, which opens proceedings at half-past 1. ( T Oakleigh Handicap appears lifce producing a strong field, and the:result w betiiw: Maddelioa, IrSsrpase, 3; Monwyrtiaa, S. The Hurdle..between Jjouis and Goodwood^ whilst ^f.theCriterion Stakes lot we think tiiwljl the chwcesof tiedertafel, Wilar^ ,and Casuist For the M'oafe Wftjfoail atana. Stualey, lioulette, pr fission; wfcifet, to witf* ap. Gipws ractu lK4«:rt tt:v vd, with the addition of 1,000 so vs., and the dig* taace foe the race is now clear!? defined-^ viz., four miles and one 'thousand yards.? Hitherto it has been roughly-stated that tha course was four miles and a half, so that it, may be presumed to have beep measured. The Sale Turf Clnb meeting will, nexfi Wednesday and Thursday, have its patrons from Melbourne. The committee have this year put forth the best of efforts to make the two days' racing more attractive than lastt year. A special brain is also to be provided) for the convenience of the metropolitan' visitors. Onr selections for the principal events are aB follow t-Hurdle Race, Whale bone or Roy; Sale Handicap, Dexter 01 Glenlivet; Latrobe Handicap, Dougalston or Meerschaum ; Campbell Plate, Meerschaum or Emblematic; Steeplechase, Moonlight j "Publicans' Purse, Footman or Glenlivet. The acceptances for the QaeenBCliff meet* ing are due to-day (Saturday). The Louisville jockey Club are about to propose a remarkable event for decision in 1889\. It will be called the Great Kentucky Stakes, and it is to be coupled with a guaran tee that it will amount to 50,000Jol. Tha entry clause and declarations will ba moderate.' The starting fee is fixed at 500doL,' and the stake is open to the produce of 1884, 1885, and 1886. It will be a weigh t-for-aga race, and the distance is one mile and a quarter. It is thought that this stake wilt call out an entry list of not less than 300. If the anticipations of the president of tha Louisville Jockey Club are realised, the Great Kentucky Stakes will be the sensational event of 1889, An important evfent for the consideration of racing men -on "Monday is the clos ing of entries, for -the .meeting of the Willinmstown Racing Club on Wednesday,: the'23rd infct. The different itemsin thepro grairime areHurdle Race of 75 sovs., one mile and a half; Laverton Stakes (handicap! of 75 BOVS., five furlongs; Steeplechase of 7a, sovs., two mileB ; Selling Race of 80 sova. winner to be Bold for 100sovs., four furlongs and a half; and the Newport Handicap 61 100 sova, Bix furlongs. The entry tee in each case is a sovereign, and acceptance at scale 2 sovs. Entries will be received at the V.T.C.' office in Bourke-street up to 4 p.m., and at the Steampacket Hotel, Willlamstown, up to' 9 p.m. . Winners at Williamstown Will not come under the V.R.C. 7ib. penalty. The introduction of rich stakes has ex tended to Ireland, and the Excelsior Plate o£ 2,000 sovs. is advertised to be run for at the Down Royal (Maze) summer meeting of lssa The acceptances for the Launceston Cup and other events to be run at next week's 'l oemablau Turf Club meeting are to be de clared on Monday, the 14th inst The acceptances and general entries for tha following country meetings fall dae next week:-Talbot, Tuesday ; .St Amend Tatf Club, Wednesday; West Lowan meeting, Thursday. Reminiscences of Fred Archer are con tinually cropping up. The latest is a wish of the Prince of Wales to have the spars worn by the great jockey on the occasion of his riding Ormonde toe the last time at New-' market. The 'executors of the estate nob only complied with the royal desire, bat sup? plemented it with the saddle used on die same occasion.' . . ;The entries for the Runnymede Hurdle Race, Hattdicap, Trot, and Flying Stakes close to-day {Saturday}. A sporting paper in England lately en deavoured to get at the vie ws of prominent racing men anentthe desirability of raising the minimum weight in handicaps to 6st. 7lh. In response to the circular sent out, 49 replies in the affirmative were received, against 21 in the negative. The same papei thus discourses on the subject:-In oni opinion, no revolutionary measures are re quired to remedy the existing state of affairs; and it cannot be the desire of the Jockey Club to perpetuate what Mr. James Lowfcbei very properly terms the" barbarity" of putting up on racehorses children whose only idea of riding is to " stick on." Boys should be taught their business in private, and not allowed to spoil the tempers and ruin the prospects of high-bred youngsters in the process. Young racehorses should be treated as tenderly as babies, -instead of beinghanded over to the mercy of rough lads who, in j^dg ment at least, are mere babies themselves^ The Colac Turf. Club apnual meeting claims attention nesrf jveek, as the ^entries close on Wednesday 'for the Hurdle Race, Amateur Stakes, Colac Handicap (of 100 sovs.}, District Handicap, and Half-mile Handicap. The principal races for the ensuing AlBorp Racing Club meeting will no doubt be liberally patronised on Wednesday next, the 16th inst. Prominent amongst the handi caps for the two days' racing is the Albury Cup, which is really a valuable stake, seeing that to the sweep of 5 sovs. for starters the club adds 100 sovs., and Mr. John Hore gives a gold trophy of like value. The other events to close;on thesamed&y; are: Hurdle Race of 2 sovs. each, with 40 sovs. added ;St. Patrick's Handicap of 3sovs. each with 100 sovs. added; and Steeplechase of 2sove. each, with 60 sovs. added. . , A writer in Truth gives some interesting particulars concerning the winning sires in France, frorli which we learn, that the Ddq de Castries made a good bargain when he gave Lord Falmouth 7,000 guinea^ for Silvio, as although that hprse was second-rate as a racer, bung a stone behind Chamapt "as m three- year-old, ancj nowhere with Verbeouia Cup races as a four-year-old, yet he/is Ranting oat a prodigious success -at the stod; .and it Blair Athol is dead and forgotten jfogland, Silvio bids fair to. keep his memory green in France. He heads theFrepch list pf. wijmuig sires, his stockhavUM[ won upwards oi£21,000-; his best winners having been tihrBu-year' rids Lupin, Veum»i<v sndGhe^alier JLvalt belonging to the Baron dg jSot represeatajkiveof the De .Castries which, together, - won nearly stakes^ > The stook of Dpliar £14,400, his beat winners being the!,. old Upas, belongingto. the Comtede BaFteax - (£4,400}, and his four-year-old The Condor (£8,000). Dollar's place on the lis$ is pri&e; than respectable, considering that he wm foaled in 1861, which makes him three yeara older than: Hermit, who, by the way, atanda] high among the winning sires in France^ as his son Gamin w<?n nearly £7,000. :rnja three-year-old.belongs to Mr. Jlichel Ephrassi,, who has entered .hipi for the Hardmcke Stakes in 1888. Saxifrage > is<&ird; on th& list* his stock having won abput £12,700, the heaviept contributor* b^iug the three-year olds Sauterelle sad.Al&w.; :J?erplexe cornea' next fifch £7t70CL thaaks -to Sycamore and S^ountalvihe loiter Mvku; divided the fxut 'dn Jockey Gl^ . wwlB ihe Utter won fheJPqnTe to hisf "edit, infoc: and "a aonyio^I6V»4(M«^ao«rni * with£4,80Q. . <e*por£ed tp ' net, itl© aafc indebted for hie £4,000 to a couple of horses belonging to M. Lupin. Theannual meetingof the Pyramid-hill Race Club was held on on Wednesday, the 2nd inst The principal handicap, of 50 BOVB., about one mile and a half, was won by Mr. E. Luttrell's old mare Verbena, by King of the King-Lily, carrying 8st 41 b., in a field of half a-dozen, with Ate (8st. 10!b.) and White-eye (8st 41b.) Becond and third. The Hurdle Face fell to Mr. D. Leitch's Brigand flOat 101b.J, Cannally (9st. 101b.) and Nipper (lOst 41b.) being next. Mr. E. Humphriea's Outlaw, aged, lOst. 71b., won the Ladies' Bracelet The local paper says " Race books were provided this year, which, how- j ever were very misleading at times, several instances having occurred where horses com- { peted under totally different colours to what appeared in the book, and in some races three or four horses were booked to run under similar colours." It is also stated that a jockey was fined half-a-sovereign "for riding without colours." This was rough on the jockey, inasmuch as the stewards con doned the offence by weighing him out and allowing him to go to the post, and .win the Trial Stakes on a horse called Seleme. The proceeding, in fact, savoured of the medieval procedure known as " Jeddart justice." j The V.R.C. general entries this year show j a falling off nearly all along the line. Out of . the dozen events entered for on Monday three only have an increase, viz. the Maiden I Stakes, Nursery Handicap, and All-aged Stakes, in the relative figures ot 19 to 13,30 to 27, and 24 to 19. The most marked failure is the Autumn Handicap, which has dropped from 52 entries to 28. The grand total last | year was 446, whilst this year's is 374, or a decline of 72. An inquest was held at the Melbourne Hospital on Monday last, on the body of Kichard Benson, aged 14, a stable boy employed in the Messrs. Miller's stables at Alphington. It appears that the deceased lad on Saturday morning was working William Tell, who cannoned heavily with another horse. The poor boy was pitched over the head of the Newmarket Handicap favourite, and sustained very Revere injuries, including laceration of the brain. He was conveyed to the hospital, and succumbed in a few hours. The deceased was known on the racecourse »s St John. Lochiel. the New Zealand candidate for the Newmarket Handicap, ia an English- bred horse. His sire was Prince Charlie, the "Prince of the T.Y.C.," as he waB called; and his dam Nelly Moore, is by Voltigeur- I Fickle, by Dundee-Changeable, by Weather bit-Miss Aldcroft, by Ratan. Lochiel was got in England, and his dam was imported to New Zealand by Mr. Stead. Below is an extract from a long and interest ing article in the English fsporting Chronicic, on " How the Racehorse is Made: His Origin, Progress, and End" " In Australia, by judicious crossing with British blood, the horse is even larger than this; hence the Australian horse has become a factor in trade, and is largely imported into India for cavalry work. In fact, the horse of the Antipodes is the warhorse of the future, so far as our Eastern Empire is concerned; and he is being gradually crossed with Arab mares to give etoatness and endurance to the offspring. The British racehorse and warhorse, even in his present perfect state, is practically useless in India, for when worked there he Boon becomes subject to sand-crack, whilst his Australian brother's hoofs stand any amount of wear and tear, but even with this advan tage he is not equal in endurance to the Arab. Hence our army studs in India have been done away with, and the native dealers and importers have now the furnishing of the cavalry horse in their own hands; and a class of horss better suited to the work in .hand isgradnally being raised in India. This explains the reason why the British racehorse when he ia deported to India soon sinks from the public gaze. He is physically incapaci tated for the work in hand, whilst on the other hand it is a fact that the ordinary selling plater of an English racecourse would give the best Arab that could be pitted against it from four to five stone in this country." From our New Zealand correspondent's letter it will be observed that Mr. S. Gardiner has two, and Mr. C. F. Agnew three entries in the Maoriland Great Northern Derby of 1888-9. We have received the latest issue of that useful little turf handbook Centaur's Index. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co., through Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., sold the steeplechaser Goldfinder to Ur. G. Glass cock, on Tuesday, tor 35 guineas. " Augur," telegraphing from Hobart on Tues day last, says:-"There was only a small at tendance at the sale of Mr. Alfred Page's stud to-day, ana prices were very low, the highest paid being 53 guineas for Rhine Wine, and 49 guineas for Golden Mine,- each having a foal at foot, and Mr. Agnew being the purchaser. Mr. A. Robertson bought the sister to Colebrook for 25 guineas ; and Mr. Eady gave 31 gnineas for a nice little colt by The Assyrian from Tripaway. A colt by The Assyrian from kittle Footsteps realised 31 guineas ; and the mare Chahlis 38 guineas, Dorothy 24 guineas, and Lass o' the Hills 22 guineas. A boy named M'CauBland has, Mr. F. Dakin states, absconded from his employ ment Trainers are cautioned by Mr, Dakin against harbouring him. The Hon. W. Pearson's colt by Musket Leila, hail been appropriately christened Whitworth. It is announced that the disqualification inflicted by the Nathalia Race Club a year ago on" Graham Jamieson was removed on the-18th ulfc The Green'6 Greek and Natimnk Race Club meetings have been fixed for Wednesday, the 8th of March. Also the Avenel Turf Gjub meeting for St Patrick's Day. The respective programmes will be found amongst the racing jidvertisem^nte. ' Ail dembts about Nelson putting in an ap pearance for the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting #ere dispelled on Wednesday, as the great New Zealpmder arrived by the Wairarapa in; the couree of that afternoon; in charge of; Catte. The son of King Cdle, who looked; very fresh' after his somewhat protracted voyage, was shipped at Island Bay. where! he was racing almost at the eleventh hour, i Nelson was accompanied by Mr. Stead's { two-year-oldcolt Maxim; by Musket-Realisa- j tion, whojsita the Sires' Produce Stakes and j Nurpeiy Handicap. Like Nelson, Maxim j comes with a reputation. On the 27th De-j cember tas the won the Middle-park Stakes i easilyby a length, carrying 7st 21b. to Gipsy j King*fl7st. 7ib. On New Year's Day the son i tofMnsket again defeated Gipsy King in a Nnrsery Handicap, with 8st 131b. up to Mr. ! ^ nl 1 ar*a oh Mr Rnnnlo Y.orl in. was lield at the Border Inn on Tuesday last, Mr. Cain in the chair, to take into consideration the advisability of forming a properly-consti tuted race club, and also to Becure a tenure of the land known as the Racecourse-reserve. Mr. Thos. Haydon, secretary of the V.T.C., was present by invitation, and made Beveral suggestions relative to improvements, which were unanimously adopted, as also a propo sition that he Biiould accept the position of) hon. secretary. i Complete details of Messrs. W. C. 1 uule and Co.'s annual Bales of yearlings on Friday, the 25th inst, and Wednesday, the 2nd of March, will be found amongst sporting ad vertisements. The lists comprise formidable lots from St Albans, Bundoorn-park, Wonga, Turretfield, Bryan o' Lynn, Plaistow, Mor Ehetville, Fulham-park, the Werribee, nnd [amre, and are well worth an hour's studv. The V.R.C. gates, booths, &c.;, for the three days' autumn meeting, will be sold at Kirk's Buzaar, on Monday, the 21st inst. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co have for private sale the racehorse Livingstone, by Libertine-Barracouta, by Angler. The gelding is in full work. It is rumoured that the scrimmage Wil liam Tell was in last Saturday, which re sulted in the death of his rider, wassomething serious. For all that, however, no more than 100 to 9 can be secured about last year's New market Handicap winner repeating the coup. Mr. Cox has issued his programme for the Moonee Valley Meeting on Tuesday, the 1st of March. The half-dozen events comprise a Maiden Plate, of 50 BOVS. ; March Handicap, of 50 flovs.; Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs.; Visi tors' Handicap, of 60sovs.; Selling Race, of 50 sovs.; and the Alphington Handicap, of 60 sovs. Entries close on Monday, the 21st inst., and the weights will be issued two days after. The Balranald Racing Club's annual meet ing is announced to be held on the Ilth and 12th ot April The Ballan Jockey Club hold their annual races on Wednesday, the 9th of March. Entries for the Ballan Handicap, Flying Stakes, and Hurdle Race close on Thursday, the 24th inst An old acquaintance in Anglesey, who is now at the stud, is advertised for sale in private. Anglesey is by Hawthornden (imp.) from Algeria (imp.). He stands at Clunes. The Benalla Racing Club, at a meeting held on Saturday last, fixed their date of annual races for Friday, the 25th March. The pro gramme, which was agreed to, amounts to about 200 eov&, and comprises a Hurdle Race of 30 sovs., one mile and three-quarters; Benalla Handicap, of 60 sovs., one mile and a quarter; Railway Handicap of 40 SOVB., nine furlongs; a Trial Stakes of 15 BOVS., one mile; twoShort-distanceSellingRacesand a Consolation Stakes. The club had some difficulty in fixing the date in order to avoid clashing with otherclubs, but trust they have hit on the right day. The nominations for Hurdle Race and handicaps close the 3rd March, and the acceptances and general entries 23rd March, at 9 p.m. It was decided to charge bookmakers plying their vocations a fee of £1la. Kiora was struck out of the Newmarket Handicap and Champion Stakes on Thurs day. Mark Thompson arrived at Caulfield on Wednesday with Mr. Oxenham's horses, viz., Faugh-a-ballagh, Phaon, and Gipsy's Warn ing. They are located at Hey wood'B Hotel Hop-picker, the Sylvia colt, Metallurgist, and Kiora were scratched for the V.R.C. St Leger on Thursday. . . The annual meeting of the Melton Race Club has Heen fixed for Saturday, the 16th of April The Marong annual races took place on Wednesday, the 9th inst, and were princi pally conspicuous by the success of Stone broke and a serious accident to a boy named D. O'Loghlen, who rode in the first event. His mount bolted and jumped a fence, the lad falling off, and beingpicked up suffering from concussion of the brain. Some time back, it appears, O'Loghlen had both legs broken at the A^edale races. Marong bears an unenviable reputation in this respect, as two years ago two jockeys were killed and another badly hurt, not to omit two horses being destroyed. Last year, moreover, a party of welcbers were roughly handled, and but for the interference of the police one or two of them might have exchanged their lives for their delinquencies. .The Romsey Racing Club meeting will this year be held on the 24th of March. The experiment of turning the Shep parton races into a two days' meeting seems to have been attended with a considerable amount of success, and everything passed off satisfactorily, notwithstanding the intense heat and the thick dust One feature of the arrangement Is well worth notice. We refer to the particular stewards whot>e duty it is to act as a sort of committee of inspection inside the conrse whilst a race is being run. A system of the kind would be found very useful on metropolitan courses. Then the horses that were out for an airing, in the fond expectation of handicappers* favours, would be spotted, and receive their deserts in due course. 