LOCAL NEWS. MUSWELLBROOK TO CASSILIS AND WALGETT RAIL- WAY.—It will be noted by advertisement that the Mayor of Muswellbrook has convened a public meeting in advocacy of the proposed railway from Muswellbrook to Cassilis, thence to Walgett, to be held in the local School of Arts, on Thursday even- ing next. Mr. E. G. D. Fitz-Gerald, M.L.A., and other gentlemen will address the meeting. The chair is to be taken at 8 o'clock, and it is proposed to form a railway league. RENTS OF RUNS IN THE CASINO DISTRICT.-- A telegram from Casino dated Friday, and published in the Herald, says :-- The Land Court finished the appraisement of runs in the Casino district this week, as under :-Kyogle, 38,000 acres, 1 J-d per acre for leasehold, and £2 per section for the resumed area; Ettrick and Forest, 59,500 acres, leasehold l¿d, and £2 for resumed area ; head of Richmond, . 22,500 acres, leasehold Id, resumed area £2 10s ; 5300 acres, leasehold 2d, and resumed area £2 10s ; Eiver-tree East, 15,976 acres, lease- hold Id; Eunnymede, 38,800 acres, leasehold Id, resumed area £2 ; EoBebery, 64,400 acres, leasehold lid, resumed area £2; Sandilands, 58,000 acres, leasehold 14 d, resumed area £2 5s ; Dyraaba, 163,000 acres, leasehold Id, resumed area £2 ; Wyangarie, 103,300 acies, leasehold ljd, resumed area £2 5s ; Tooloom and Woodenbung, 130,600 acres, leasehold lgd, resumed area £2 17s 6d ; Yulgilbar, 244,800 acres, leasehold ljd, resumed area £2 7s 6d ; Mulera, 68,700 acres, leasehold Id, resumed area £2 ; Fairfield, 28,150 acres, leasehold Id, resumed area £2 ; Wooroolwoolgen, 233,460 acres, leasehold Id, and resumed area £2 ; Tabulam, 162,700 acres, leasehold lid, and resumed area £2 17s 6d; Tomki, 2600 acres, leasehold 3d, and resumed area £2 10s. THE CITT EEFUOE AND SOUP KITCHEN.-The new building for the City Night Befuge snd Soup Kitchen was opened on Friday by His Excellency the Governor. It will, it is anticipated, prove amply sufficient for the demands made upon it. It is capable of affording sleeping accommodation to 250 persons. The dormitories measure each about 75ft. by 35ft., and the dining-room is somewhat larger, about 87ft. by 35ft.-space sufficient to dine about 500 persons if necessary. THE STATE HOUSE DESIGN BOARD,-The Govern- ment has decided to appoint the following gentle- men a board to examine the competitive designs which have been sent in for the State House to be erected in the Centennial Park, and to select such of the designs as in their judgment merit the two prizes offered, and to report generally regarding them :-Sir John Hay, President of the Legislative Council ; Mr. J. S. Mitchell, Darling Point ; the Hon. E. Knox, M.L.C. ; Mr. Alex. Oliver, M.A. ; the Right Rev. the Primate ; Mr, Barnet, Colonial Architect ; and Mr. George A. Mansfield, architect. In order that no suspicion of partiality might be attached to the adjudication of the board, it has been decided that no member of the Government shall have a seat upon it. With regard to the selection of the Primate, it may be stated that he has been chosen as a scholar, a man of cultivated taste, and the son of one of the most eminent architects that the century has produced-Sir Charles Barry, the architect of the Houses of Parliament at Westminster. Mr. Mansfield is one of the gentlemen nominated for a position on the board by the Institute of Architects at a recent meeting.-Herald. TUE P. and O. Co.'s STEAMERS.-The mails per P. and 0. Company's steamers have been since April 20 to September 20 (the monsoon period of the year), despatched on alternate Tuesday afternoons ; but until further notice they will bo closed at the General Post Office on Thursday afternoons. Cor- respondence for despatch by this line of steamers must be specially addressed, " Per P. and 0. Com- pany's steamer, via Brindisi." NOMINATCD IMMIGRANTS.-It appears from a return laid on the table of the Legislative As- sembly that the s.s. Oroya arrived on the 19th Sept., having on board a small portion of the balance of nominated immigrants, consisting of one single man, one single woman, three married women coming to join their husbands, and 10 young children-10 .statute adults. The cost of. passage, as per special agreement made by the Agent-General, was at the rate of ¿815 per statute adult, towards which a total of ¿616 had been paid by three depositors on account of their nominees. On examination the immigrants ezpressed them- selves well satisfied with their treatment during the voyage, and were forwarded to various des- tinations to their frieuds, who had been previously advised of their anticipated arrival.-Sordid. PAINFUL ACCIDENT.-On Saturday afternoon Mr. Riehard Bailey met with an accident of a very painful nature at his residence in Hunter-street, West Maitland. While in the act of driving a nail into a piece of board the latter slipped on one side and the full weight of the hammer came on his left hand, smashing' one of the fingers badly. Mr. Bailey sought the aid of Dr. Alcorn, who attended to the injury. [ THE REV. A. A. MACLAREN IN ENGLAND.-In the IPallina/ord Times, August 12, we find the following paragraph :?-In accordance with a recommendation issued by the Bishop of Oxford, special services will be held to-morrow (Sunday) morning at S. Michael's, Wallingford, and in the evening at S. Helen's, in commemoration of the first century of the colonial episcopacy. The Rev. A. A. Maclaren, of Maitland, Now South Wales, will preach, and the offertories will bo given to the S.P.G. THE ADDITIONAL ROADS VOTE.-A return has been been laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly showing how the additional vote of ¿6100,000 for roads has been distributed. The vote it appears, has been divided as follows :-20 per cent, on the following, subdivided according to the amounts of individual votes:-Main roads under Department Vote for 1887, ¿847,490 ; 20 per cent appropriated from vote of ¿6100,000, ¿89498. Main roads under municipalities : Vote for 1887, ¿820,933 ; 20 per cent, appropriated from vote of X100.000, ¿84187. Minor roads under department : Vote for 1887, ¿6310,000 ; 20 per cent, appropriated frcm vote of ¿8100,000, ¿862,000. Minor roads under trustees : Vote for 1887, ¿630,000 ; 20 per cent, appropriated from vote of ¿8100,000, ¿86000. Totals : Vote for 1887, ¿6408,423 ; 20 per cent, appropriations from vote of ¿8100,000, ¿881,685. This appropriated ¿681,685 of the ¿8100,000 vote, leaving a balance of ¿818,315, which has been distributed in accordance with the list given. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.-A determined effort to destroy himself was made on Sunday forenoon at Oakhampton, West Maitland, by a man named Williams, who came to town a day or two siuce1 Tho unfortunate fellow, whoBe ago is fifty-five years, has Buffered very acutely from rheumatism, and is unable to move about without the aid of sticks. He is a baker by trade, but has been unable for some time to follow his employment. Until re- cently he resided in New Zealand. He came on to Newcastle, thence to Maitland, and slept at a hotel on Saturday night. Next morning he made his way along the Oakhampton road, visited the houBOS of several residents, and asked for some milk, which he obtained in each instance. The last place he called at was Mr. B. F. Graham's. He there had a cup of milk, and a short time afterwards he was discovered lying on the road in the neighbourhood of Mr. Graham's residence with his throat cut, A messenger was dispatched for Dr. Alcorn, and the police Were also communicated with. Senior-constable Kennedy, accompanied by Constable Fletcher, had Williams removed to the Maitland Hospital in the police van. The man said he was suffering from rheumatism, and was sorry that the knife was not sharp enough to enable him to complete the deed. Dr. Alcorn attended to the injury, and the patient, who his under police surveillance at the hoeipital, is progressing favor- ably. Williams will be brought before the magis- trates on Thursday. THE HUNTER EIVER LIGHT HORSE IN SYDNEY. \- In the presence of a numerous gathering of spectators a grand review of the mounted corps of the colony was held on Moore Park, Sydney, before his Excellency the Governor, on Friday afternoon, at which the Hunter River Light Horse, number- ing two officers and thirty-four mon, was repre- sented. The corps, in command of Lieutenant Cracknell, was commended for its general aspect, and the efficiency with which its movements were conducted. The West Camden, Grafton, mawarra, Upper Clarence, and Ulmarra corps were also pre- sent, and were praised for the admirable manner in which they acquitted themselves. At the conclusion of the parade the Governor congratu- lated the cavalry on the turnout he had witnessed, and said that last year only some seventy men took part in the proceedings, while that day there were two hundred present. He hoped before he left the colony to see the force at least 2000 strong, and ready for service at a minute's notice. On Satur- day the second annual tournament of the Cavalry Corps was held in very gratifying circum- stances on the Agricultural Society's Ground, and was patronised by an immense number of people. Among those present were Lord Carrington, Lady Carrington and suite, Major-Goneral Richardson, and others. The Hunter River Light Horse again took premier position in the cavalry sword exer- cises, which were open to teaniB from all parts of Australasia. The prize was £12. It will be re- membered that last year the Maitland Light Horse won a similar prize in Sydney. Its victory on Satur- day waB very popular, the corps being heartily cheered by the spectators. Trooper Volmer, of Maitland, won the chief prize of £7 for cleaving the Turk's head. At the termination of the day's sport the officers of the various troops were enter- tained at dinner by his Excellency the Governor. WESLEYAN CHURCH SUSTENTATION AND EXTEN- SION SOCIETY.-In connexion with the New South Wales Wesleyan Methodist Church Sustentation and Extension Society anniversary services were held in the Wesleyan Church, West Maitland, on Sunday, the preacher at both services being the Bev. George Lane. There were large congregations present. Pursuant to advertisement a publie meeting is to held in the church this evening, when the Bev. George Lane will deliver an address on the objects, advantages, and claims of the Society, in behalf of which a collection is to be mode. POTATOES TO WABENAMBOOL.-The Standard says :-" The importation of potatoes into Warr- nambool is still being continued, and every steamer brings in a small quantity for local vendors. This is the first occasion for a great many years that anything of this kind has occurred, the potatoes grown in this district having hitherto been more than ample to supply all local requirements, and export a very large quantity at the same time. The potatoes imported were grown in the Woodend and Ballarat districts, and also in Tasmania and New Zealand. The introduction into this district of a now class of potatoes for seed purposes should have a beneficial effect."-Oct. 1. THE LATE MRS. EALES.-The remains of Mrs. John Eales, whose sad death was recorded in Saturday's issue, were conveyed to Sydney by Steamer and on Sunday forenoon interred in the North Shore cemetery, where the body of her much beloved son was buried some years since. It seems that the deceased lady, whose death has occasioned very deep sorrow throughout the district, had ex- pressed a wish that at her decease she should be placed by the side of her son. Very general sym- pathy is expressed with the Hon. John Eales and family in their sad bereavement. SPECIAL MAGISTERIAL. POWERS.-Mr. Edward J«ues, police magistrate at Wollombi, is to exercise at Wollombi within the police district of Wollombi, at Cessnock within the police district of Maitland, and at St. Albans, within the police district of Windsor, the special powers authorised to he given to police magistrates for a period of two yews from October 1 next ; Mr. Jasper Albert Craigh, police magistrate at Taree, to exercise similar powers at Taree, Wingham, Cundletown, and Tinonee, with ijt the police District of Manning River, for a period of two years from the 24th instant.-Gasette of Friday. MR. D'ARCY BEAD AT THE THEATRE.-Last evening, at the Victoria Theatre, West Maitland, Mr. D'Arcy Bead and company began a season which is to extend over six nights. The pu and stalls-the only portions of the honse open to the public, the dress circle and boxes being barricaded to secure privacy-were well patronised. The full company was not present last evening, and Mr. Bead laboured und« some difficulties, which were manifest at the outset. Before the curtain rose that gentleman made his appearance before the footlights, and said that an apology was duo to the audience. In the first place he was suffering from an attack of bronchitis, and had lost his voice, and owing to an unfortunate occurrence Mrs. Bead and daughter were absent. He had engaged a lady to fill the place of one, but the substitute had not turned up, and the entertainment would neces- sarily have to be curtailed to some extent. Mr. Bead had scarcely left the stage when the lady made her appearance, and announcement of the fact was received with applause There wero several tedious delays, which the management stated would be avoided during the remainder of the season. The entertainment, which was capably managed in unfavorable circumstances, began with a series of illusions illustrative of an ancient legend, and in each scene a solo or ballad was sung. Then followed " The Phantom Christy Minstrels." Three coloured gentlemen appear on the Btage and sing and crack jokes and tell conundrums, many of which are new to a Maitland audience. Every now and again other figures, elad in white, aro pre- sented, and apparently take the places of those who filled the chairs a moment before. And as a finale to the second part the figures enter into a conflict with the Christy minstrels. The business was very cleverly done. The entertainment concluded with a spirited monologue entitled " The Haunted House." Mr. Read secures apartments in a haunted building, and presently a ghost makes its appear- ance and alarms the tenant, who engages the ser- vices of a carpenter to construct a wall to keep out the spirit. The Ghost again appears through the wall, and confusion ensues, which is allayed by the presence of the manager, who subsequently dis- appears in the most mysterious manner. THE CARRINGTON HANDICAP.--The running in the first round of the Carrington Tenth Grand Handicap was commenced in Sydney on Saturday night. Rain fell during portion of the evening, and made the time for the heats slow. Following are the winners of the heats :-R. Crompton, 13 yards ; B. Hicks, 14 yards ; A. H. Howard, 12 yards ; M. J. Solomon, 9J yards ; H. S. Thompson, 15 yards ; J. Atkinson, 5 yards ; P. C. Fairland, 14 yards; H. Fredericks, 14 yards; R. Stokes, 11£ yardß; H. Samuels, 15 yards; H. J. Harris, 8J yards ; P. Regan, 16 yards ; A. M'Grory, 10| yards ; L. A. Hoelscher, 11 yardB; J. H. Bateman, 121 yards ; Joe Morris, 9 yardB j A. M. Hart, 12 yards. POST Omci APPOINTMENTS.-In the Gazette of Friday it is stated that Miss Edith Manning Doust, is to be telegraph operator at Paterson ; Mr. John Baker, poBtand telegraph master at Wickham, is to be postal assistant at West Maitland. NEW POST OFFICES.-Post-offices are now estab- lished at the following places, viz. : Mount Mitchell, near Glencoe ; Red Rock, near Drake. OFFICIAL APPOINTMENTS.-The following appoint- ments are notified in the Gazette of September 30 : Mr. Edward Reeve, P.M., to be Commissioner of Insolvent Estates for the district of Port Macquarie, vice Maunsell; Senior- constable Stone to be warden's clerk and mining registrar at Copeland and to issue miners' rights, business and mineral licenses during the absence, on leave, of Mr. J. E. M'Phane. An iniquitous game ie being played by certain flagitious scamps who put cheap and fiery liquor into the bottles which have held the national medicated beverage, WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS, for the purpose of deceiving the unwary into the belief that their vile concoctionB are identical with the great original. Demand the genuine. 