OUR MINERAL WEALTH. TO THE EDITOR. Sir-In a leader of this date on encourage ment of mining you truly say " South Aus tralia is a country of extremes. It is either a feast or a famine with us." Probably mining excitement rises higher and sinks lower in this colony than anywhere else, which may be accounted for by the fact that in a small com munity the "first great cause" of a man's financial success is generally known, and out of the numerous carriages and pairs driven by liveried coachmen that appear in King William street a big percentage trace their origin to a lucky mining stroke, which not only altered the fortunes of the speculator, bat the ^ fortunes of his sisters and his cousins and his aunts as well. Meagre as the population of the colony is, what would it have been without mining? The Kapunda and Burra in the early days saved the colony from almost total collapse. Just before these mines ceased operations the Wallaroo and Moonta were found, which not only prevented many hundreds of miners with the families from leaving the colony, but attracted population from Victoria. Soon after the Wallaroo discoveries a terrible drought set in, many stations in the north were abandoned, and hundreds of thousands of sheep died, but the enormous profits derived from the mines enabled some of the large pas toraliets to withstand their losses, ana when the_ drought ended to improve and restock their runs and open up new country. The present depression would have been felt far more severely if it had not baen for the Broken Hill finding employment for many hundreds of miners, mechanics, and laborers, and also for a very great number of farmerB and their teams. No matter where a mining community may settle, other industries at once spring up around. All round the Burra, Clare, Mintaro, Auburn, and other places in the vicinity may be found old Burra miners or their children who started farming there 20 or 30 years ago. The same will apply to Kapunda. Again, look at Yorke's Penin sula, now one of the most prolific wheat-pro ducing districts in the colony, but before the mines were discovered wheat growing there was unknown. It has often been stated that every ton of copper exported co3t more to pro duce than it realised, that is taking into conside ration the money sunk in unproductive mines, ihis is an absurd statement, although believed by many. I doubt if half a million sterling has been lost in this way altogether, against about two and a half millions distributed in dividends. If the same ordinary prudence were shown in mining that is shown in other pursuite, _ mining being independent of all climatic influences, would in a country like this subject to periodical droughts, be no more risky than squatting or farming. But what do we find? The public for years together will not put a shilling into the most promising venture; then, suddenly, owing to the acci dental discovery of a Moonta or Broken Hill, claims are taken out in all directions, and good, bad, and _ indifferent properties ar® mixed up with palpable swindles a i floated at ridiculous prices whole sale. The speculating publican leaves his bar, the barber deserts his pole, the tailor his board, the clerk his desk, and the lawyer his clients, and all talk of chloride?, oxidps, galena, and so on, as if to the manner born, and for a time all goes merry as a marriage bell, Som two or three_ bubbles burst, there is a panic, xcd mines with good prospects share the fate of the worthless, Then for a few years mining is under the blackest of clouds, only to emerge when history repeats itself. The present mining excitement is the most legitimate I have seen here. There is really some warrant for it, with the Broken Hill in its infancy making a profit of £200,000 a year, and the certainty of its offshoots becoming dividend paying, and with the almost certainty of several others developing into that most desirable state before very long, leaving out the tin discoveries, which will take time and large capital to bring them to the front. I bleady and increased mining activity is assured to the Barrier for manv years, and I I have not the slightest, doubt that South Aus tralia will derive more benefit from that part ' of JNew South Wales in future than she has i derived from her own copper mines in the past ' immense as that benefit has been. But on the i other hand many claims have bean floated ; that have not the ghost of a chance of success ' Of course on the Broken Hill line of lod.% j whether there is a surface show or not, the 1 gTound is well worth speculating in; but I ' have seen surface indications in this colony that are taken no notice of, which if seen within 20 miles of Broken Hill would give a fortune to the discoverers, not by working them, perhaps, but by selling to an ij speculating in mines should be deemed rather infra dig. when com pared with speculation ou the rise or fall of cotton goods or coffee, I cannot understand. I do not think that mining is classed with gambling m Ureat Britain; at any rate it does not appear that speculation either in coal or metalliferous mines there bars the speculator from attamiDg the highest honors the nation can bestow. At all events, neither Mr. Glad stone b nor John Bright's career was in au y way marred by their speculations in Welsh lead mines, I consider mining the most honorable pursuit a man can engage in. Every ton of ore taken from the ground is a distinct gain to the com munity at large, whether it leaves a profit or no. The mine owner cannot enrich himself without enriching others, and he makes no one the poorer. The fortunes made by the im porter or the exporter who stands between the producer and the consumer is made with little benefit to anyone but himself, and what he does make comes out of the pockets of others. The countries which have made the greatest advance in modern times are minim* countries. Take the Australian colonies-Ne w South Wales with her coal, copper, and gold . Victoria with her gold; Queensland with her gold and copper; and South Australia with ner splendid copper mines. The only one of the group which has scarcely made any progre33 whatever is Western Australia, where iittle if any mining is carripd on. The progress made by the first-named colonies can only be matched by the mining states of California, Colorado, and .Nevada, As you say, " There i3 no reason whatever why South Australia should not be come a great centre of mining activity " All prospecting until the last year or so has been devoted to copper ores, which as a rule are pretty well known and easily distinguished by their bright colorB, whilst the ores of silver bar galena, are unknown to nineteen out of twenty South Australian prospectors. Gold and silver are found from Cape Jervis to Bergott, and it only wants one good payable mine to attract capital, and the chances are that mining for the precious metals will be come an extensive, permanent, and paying industry. I have by no means lost faith in copper mining. For many years the consumption of copper has been on the increase, but unfortunately the production has more than kept pace with it; but considering the usefulness of the metal, and its universal use either pure or as an alloy, sooner or later our 2r telts*iU, aSaiP ha worked at a Fk tut ? Ryan s accidental stumble over the Moonta founded the Adelaide University, and who can tell how soon some other shep herd, boundary-nder, or prospector, may drop across either a copper, silver, or gold lode that will again be the means of benefiting the com mumty ana beautifying the city. But we should not trust to luck, but rather with you hope "that the development of the mineral resources of the country will now be honestly and systematically undertaken." '-I am, &o;" JOHN RICHARDS. November 2, 1867. 