SPORTING NOTES. THE TURF. Victorian Club Meeting. (fbom odb melbourne correspondent.) Tuesday, 18th Jnnuary. . Latest Scratchinqb. Hoedlb Race.—Marion, Steersman, Cricket,; Spider, Huntsman, Lotitia, Aristidos, Cervantes, Distiller, Country Boy. ' • Cup —Duration, Silvermina, Hogmanay, All Gold, The Levite, Lara, Sheet Anchor, Cat's Eye, Honeybee, Chuckster, Perchance, CruaciBjdad land, Louise, Berta, Empress. ' - ' Two VEAB OLD Handicap. —Liodertafel. January Handicap.—Munwyrtiaa, Surprise, Violet, Sir John, Edith, Poor Jim, The Ghost, Mormon, Pi oebe Walton. Steeplechase.—Contingent. All Engagements.—Louise Berta.' BOWLS. As the Malmsbury bowlers in their match with Sandhurst this afternoon are only bringing up three rinks, a recasting of the local team has' been found necessary. It will uow consist of Sewell, Gibbs, Bartley, Armitage, Duncan, Fabian, Cohn, Wilkins, Glen, Colquhoun, Liddell, and Feruley. With the view of giving additional zest to the match, and induce the local men to exert them selves to the utmost, Mr M. Moran has generously given a handsome prize of a pair of bowls to the local rink which most distinguishes itself ill the match, the players in the rink to be subsequently handicapped and to play off for the trophy two against two, and finally one against one, the successful one to take the prize. ,The game will commence at three o'clock. The visitors are excollcnt players, and tho game should prove a most interesting onei CRICKET. East Sandhurst v Britannia in the Reserve to day. East Sandhurst team—Brown, Conway, Connell, Grelis (2), Gsisler, Hogan (2), Hickey, Hayes, Kelly, Marsh, Neason, Stephens, Ward (2), Lanaell. ■ Britannia team — M'Inerney (2), limy (2), Egan (2), Howard, Lsmmon, Slraughair, Crawford, Schunke, Challender. Montagues v. B.U.O.C. at Back Creek to day.' Monts team—Carr (2); Sohier, Todd, Lyons, GrohbruggeJ: Hughes, Manrrillion, Bonnctt, Curnow, M'Gowan, Payne, Front, Allday, Nor mal, Bowman, I'erry, Gorman. The West End aud Federals met on Saturday, and after a very close and exciting game, victory rested with the West End by 1 run; The scores bnng—West End, 57;Fodnral, 56. West End v. Bendigo Elat at Banjo Park to day. West, End team—Brewer, Dickson, Payne (2), Marwick, Ende, Reid, Anderson, Dean, JU'Lennan, Taylor, Mannering, Matthews, Hughes, Denton. Camp Hill v. Wattle-Equare in the Reserve to day. Camp Hil! team—Cook, Holton, Rogers, Cuhr.aoe, McNeill, Orme, Gemmel, Hill, Green, Taylor, Moller. Federal v. Freathought in the Reserve to day. Federal team-Hughes (2), Whitelock (2), Crowe, Crowley, Curnow, Catlin, Green, Prior, Healey, Davey, McLelland, Marwick, Pearsall, Barker, AQUATICS A committee nieotin'g of the Sapdhurst Rowing Club waa hpl(^ at Sir (}. G. JJ'Coll's office on Thursday evening last. There were present— Mr M. Macoboy (in the chair) M'Coll, Rogers, Aspinall, lieynell, Prior, Holmes, and Busst(hou sec). It \va3 dccideil on the motion of Mr Maco boy, seconded by Mr M'Coll, that scratch four races will be held in April next. On the motion of MrBusst, seconded by Mr Aspinall, MrReynell \yas place4 on the committee pigc Mr G Lanaell (appojutgd captain pro teiij). The luja* of the cillb were revised- The revision af the by-laws was left in the hands of a mb.committee, consisting of Messrs M'Coll, Aspinall and Holmes. The captain was instructed to obtain tho assistance of Mr Godfrey in solecting crews for the Melbourno Regatta. Mr P. Fhnnigan was chosen to repre sent the club at Albort Park Regatta next month. A discussion took place as to the advisability of sending a gig four to Albert Park, but it was decided to allow the matter to stand over until' Wednesday evenioe, the night of tho special general meeting. Mr M'Coll mentioned that he had an interview with Messrs Henderson and GoodisBon, who had promised a valuable trophy to ba competed for on Lake Weerojna by a four oar crew from each of tho district clubs. A hearty vote of thankiwas passed to the firm for their gonerosity. Accounts amounting to £3112s 14 jyOr.V njissed for payment, and th-j meeting closed with'the usual yota of thap]:g to the ch.iir. A spacial general meeting of Ihe Sandhurst Rowing Club will be held at the Shamrock Hotel this evening, at eight p.m. The business is of au important nature, comprising the election of cap tain, vice-captain, assistant-lion treasurer, and also to consider the advisability of sanding a maiden gig four in addition to the sculler (Mr P. Elatiniganl to compete in Melbourne. A larga at tendance io exppfift^, A meeting of the Eaglehawk Olub was held at tho Camp Chambers, High street, last evening. Captain Bakker occupied tho chair, and there was a good attendance of members. It was resolved that the sub committee draw up a codo of rules to be adopted by a general moating of the club. Mr W. Tregorinine was elected to fill a vacancy on the committoo caused by tho retirement of Mr Herriot. It w.n ngreed to allow tho Sandhurst Club tho usa of the boat house, with use of the four-oared boats on the condition t)jat the [jiembars found tjjeir own oars. The repairing of tho'plug's property vias left in the hands of the captain and Mr R. Jelfrey. Pour new members ware oleoted. The meoting then closed. A meeting of the committee was subsequently held, when it was decided to refund the fines in flicted at the recmt regatta upon the members for disobeying the starter. CYCLING. The Ramblers' Bicycle Ciub hold an impromptu run this afternor.n. A well-known photographer has kindly consented to take the picture of lha cli)b |jara|jo at Back Creek at C fl.ro* A full at tehddneo of members inuriito'm i-i requested. ThB^andhurst Cycling Club run to' Ea.^Iehawk to-day. A'stArt will lie mado at'3 p.m. from the club rooms, Shamiock Hotel. The roads are in gone! ^r^ar( sp a good muster'is expected ' Thq aqnliaf meeting" of t'hp Uagletuwfc Chib was held at the Town Hall Hotel last eyeqing. Tho president, Mr N. Bolle, occupied the chair; aj)d there wag a good attendance of members. Mr Dresftull^ rapoftec] haying waited \ipon thg secre tary of the Nprtb Bpadigo yrickel OluVin refer ence to tho fc-rmatiou of a track on their ground, and that gentleman promised to brine the matter up at the uj~t gating of the club, Mr P, Tievoan lyos elected a member, jllie nnuual report showed (hit tlio olub had been successful during tho past year, and that there was a oinnll credit balance. The election of ollicers resulted as follows i —I'ro sldent, Mr N. JJoIId, senior; vice-presidonts, Messrs T. Burns and J. Downie ; patrons, Messrs J. M. Highett and J. T. Brown, Ms.L-A., W. Siler, H. Kirkwood, G. Lou dan senior, Jj. Ingham, J. H. Hay, T. J. Dollar, J. Piclien, and PrM'Kfl3; "4ptai|], N. Bollo, jtinr; vice captain, alt Q. Herbort; bugler, Jlr \Y. Vinton; secretary and treasurer, Mr G. Herb'-rt- committee. Messrs H, Bolle, M Roches, A. Cieswell, T. Taylor, J. M'Nab, H. Legg1, L. Haibert, H. Ford, J. Midson, W. J. Davis, W. Smith, and R. Webster. The meeting then ploscd. The Oai-h Or*Ay ItyKSef — Thq "Argus" say.-;—Although nothing definite js tipo^-jr) fji tlje character of tho timber and soil in the greater part of the land sho-vn upon the Government maps as available for selection, there has been a great rush to inspect blocks in the immediate neigh borhood of the m;iii track through the forest, and j in otic case as many as fifty persons have applied for tho bamo block of land. Valuable tracks of timber, such as the Tastnanian bluegum, mottled gum, iijojjnUjn ash, and messmate have been proved to exist ifi different parts cf the; ijrea i able for selection," and even those most anxious for settlement i-.dmit that tho destruct'ou of this timber merely for the purpo<e of clearing the land would be a na'iouai loss. Those best acquainted with tho Otway cov.ntry consider that tho while territory shou d have been thoroughly explored, roughly surveyed, and timber reservations made where nsceusry Mqrp s;e!ect' p< were permitted to take up land. The whole W the Oiivaycountry is much broken and heavily timbered, the soil being rich even to rankness; In mauy parts, where the forest is of a greit age, the trees al though impressive in th"ir magoitude, ma almost useless f_r tfmbjr. These tracts with the whitegum lands, equally as fer.He a3 the more valuftble timber areas, might, it h considered, be hjivded oyer for settle ment without sacrifice on the part of the cfate, Most of tho selectors now in specting the jorfcKE lr.adi are men of a really good class, who are ab in Ir.jfdj ip the dry dis tricts, but those b'";t acqu lintfd witii thj uoiiatiy think it ii almo-t inipoB.'ible thit any amount of energy can contend successfully, under present circumstances, with tho difficulties of settlement. The blocks offered for selec'ioa being merely map marked without rezard to the contour of the ranges, ft is anticipated that great difficulty and confusion viilflflSJjo w ftjo prefjt of therg heiDganv largo and legitimatadomapd for hqlaingj, ' 