Tin: Hay-Doniliquin Tramway Bill has boon thrown out by 40 voios to 18. No ono ovoroxpoctod it would puss; indood it is a woudor bo many votos woro ro corded for it in a Sydney Pailiamont : what tho pro juctors sought was to forco tho muttor on tho atton tion of tho Now Sooth Walos public, and to placo boforo thom tho groat national view of tho question. In this thoy havo thoroughly succo«-dod, although thoy would havo dono ho moro successfully hud tho Sydney press givon thodobato a bottor roport. How ever, tlio Telegraph and Herald havo dono almost as fairly as wo could cxpoct. Indeed for a morciloss oxposoof tho fallaciousness, speciousncss, falsity, and hypocrisy of the arguments of tho Govornmont and thoirsupporters, tlio Telegraph's article cannot bo ox collod. Hajl tlio Govornmont epposod tho bill as pro tectionists thoro would bo somo reasou on thoir sido, but thoy did not; thoy triod all tho timo to poso as freotradors. Wo havo .said ovor and over again that a more disgracoful form of protection — if it should bo ovon givon that rospectablo namo — than this re fusal to grant tho outlying districts of tho colony thoir just, rights, rights which would bonofit tho com munity at largo, nnd tho difl'orontial ratos, would not I bo imagined. If it was protoctiou whi'h could bono fit tho pooplo as* wholo wo would not complain, but it is protoction which iu reality benefits no ono. For say it benefits tho Sydnoy merchants in ono way, is not tho monoy takon out of their pockotB is anothor, by tho taxos that havo to bo paid on tho insano railways mado to drag traffic away from natural channols in tho other colonios ? Even with this miserable lino from Junoo, what is d^no? Why itcosts asinucli to get things from Carrathool as from Sydnoy. Tho competition is roally not to Melbourne, or Adolaido, or Brisbano, but to tho inland towns. It is tho rail way policy of this colony todostroy tho inland towns, to havo no towns in Now South Wales except Sydney: in tho other colonios tho inland towns aro carofuliy fostored. We thought wo woro not mistaken when ?we trouucod Mr Wise for tho josuitical speech ho mado at Tattorsall's during tho sitting hero of tho Circuit Court, when ho talked of putting a toll on the river* — going back to tho dark ages. Tho voice was Wiso's, but it is now apparent the idoas were thoso of Sir Henry Parkos. IIo used Mr 'Ringnose' Wiso rs a fee or. Now that tho Govornmont and the majority rofnse a railway to Doniliquin, to ho consistent' thoy must prohibit teamsters going to Doniiiq'in. In fact tho ouly logical stop now is to soil the public roads to that tow»i and to pass a law rondoring a landowner criminally liable who allows traffic Melbournowards through his land. As to tho feeble attempts mado to rai.se up tho ghost about Victoria's 'rebate' system, adopted to get traffic for her railway*, and which aro so questioned by a largo number of inlluontial -membora in tho Molbourno Parliament that any approaches mado by us would probably load to somo amicaftio arrangements, is there much for New South Walos pooplo to grumble about. If tho Victorian railways carry our wool for £100,000 instead of £150,000, which would bo tbo charge if wo formed a part of that colony, why that is .£'50,000 wo cau bank iu Now South Walos institutions and uso for tho improvement of Now South Wales. What on earth is thoro to complain .of in that? It's giving us a bonus at tho oxpenso of tho Victorians. Of course it's useless to argue in the faco of tho ropoated attempts mado to got. Parliament to consider this matter in a reasonable light. Yot, thoro is hope that whou mon like Messrs McMillan, Garvan, Vaughn, Wilson, O'Mara, Abbott, and othors, holding vory differing views 011 gonoral politics, tako up our cause, it will gradually pormoato the country and load in tho end to a wiser and moro truly national policy. Our causo is thAt of moro than half tho colony. Already tho Darling pooplo are seeing thatarailway system of tapping tho rivoris the biggest of frauds, and that if any substantial good is to rosult not only must there be railways but the rivers must be locked. The blindness of the Government in this respect is incomprehensible. It is laughable to find them proposing to ' t tp tho rivor' at Wilcannia, when wo consider that if tho Darliug falls Wilcaunia can alono bosuppliod. On tho contrary, if tho Darliug were locked goods could bo sent up and down all tho yoar round, and tho colony and tho col-'mijts gain by intercommunication. Let us take our own rivor. Supposo that tho Murrumbidgeo wore locked and steamors could ply from Wagga to Wentworth would not a vast traffic ho created ? Would not tho Hay Junoo lino got traffic that now goos from Balranald ? Of course. But tho thrico blind moles who mis govern us cannot or rather will not see that. No; ! instead of that thoy proposo to lock tho rivor! There's a much 6implor remedy ; lot them totally prohibit navigation, or let thom send the unemployed to Hay and smash up tho river. At all events tho thanks of tho pot-plo of tho Provinco aro duo to tho gentlemon who went to tho expense of bringing this 1 Bill before Parliament, and if we woro a spirited and generous population wo would not seo them at a loss — though we suppose thoy would not care about that. We might however, return our thanks. ' b air Play's' letter has boon referred to our con tributor 'Bilby.' Wo may remark, howevor, that tho usual course is to write to tho offending news paper. The communications of ' A Bush Larrikin' and ' Triantawantagong' havo boen reforrsd to thoir follow, 'Bilby,' Received * Tho Fanners1 Gazette , published at Shopparton. It is in appearauco liko tho Queens lander. Thore is no doubt so excellent an agricul tural and pastoral jouri.nl must succeed. On Tuesday at tho Sydney Water Police Court, the proprietor of tho Manly Aquarium was prosecuted bv the Animals Protoction Society for having oormitted a fight between young sharks and seals in tho Aquarium, and having advortisod tho sama as at* attraction, Tho dofenco was that tho soals would not cat dead fish, and sharks woro put in as food, and novor resisted the seals' attack. The magistrato ro fused to convict on tho ovidonco, but remarked that entertainments advertised iu this manner would not raiso public taste. It appeared the shark did not fight, so as it takes two to constitute a fight the ; magistrates could not convict. At tho Police Court on Weduesday, before Messrs Travis aud. Witcombo, J's.P., (.'harlot Houon sum moned William Nugout for deserting his hired ser vico. Mr Brough appeared for tho prosecution. Nugont had boon ongagod by Mr Houen's partner, Mr Brennan, but did not carry out tho ongagomont. Nuguiit in dofenee said that ho did not know Houon in tho matter; ho had engaged with Brennan as a hawker, not as a laborer, which work ho was asked to do. Ho was fined 10s, 4)1 Is professional costs, and 5s Gd costs of court. Tho fine was paid. Sevjmm h small cases woro hoard at tho Police Court on Tuesday, boforo Mossrs V/itcombo and Trevona J. P'a. Wm. Fitzgerald charged Peter Tiernoy with deserting his hired service. Thoro was a cross case for £1 5s, wagos. Mr Brough appoarod for Fitzgerald, who deposed that Tierney loft him at Mossgiel in spite of his expostulations, leaving his , team without a driver. No statod wages had boon I agreed upon. Tierney mado au incoherent state ! mont, mado up mainly of ' sez I, soz he.' Ho main | tainod Fitzgerald had not stipulated for a week's , notice ; it was only a 'casual' ongagomont. JJoth cases woro dismissed ; costs of court against Tiernoy 1 in tho dosorting his hired serrico case. As Tiorney would not pay tho costs, or could not, he ' wont up' lor fourteen days. Stangor and Boddon sued John Hurt, who onco had tho billiard room at lCsplin's, for £» 2s (id, gaHsuppliod. Mr Brough for plaintiffs. Mr Staugor gavo evidence tho amount was owing. Mrs Esplin had givou the room to dofondaiit, who had paid billv, and had not givon notico of discontinuance. ; Defendant gavo evidence that in Febiuary ho told ? Mr Armstrong ho would givo up tho room, for which he paid i'4 per week and gas. He left at the oudof that mouth. He told Mr Stangar hointenad to leave. He left on tho 2nd April. Verdict for plaintiff in 'full, with costs. 1 At tho Police Court on Tuesday, before Mr Wit combo (chairman) and Mr N. J. TrovenaJ. P's. Charles Houon was summoned for that ho did cruelly ' ill beat and ill treat' a hor?e. Mr Brough for tlio dofenco. William Cox gavo ovidonco : I know tho doiendnnt. On Wednesday afternoon about- threo or four o'clock, I helped to put in horses for Houon to ; go to tho Jumping Sandhill. Tho loaders kicked and then defendant took a swingle bar and struck tho I chesnut horso I havo soon outside tho court ro- 1 peatodly with it. The horse would not go, and ho 1 was beaton very badly,, I was in tlio waggon most of the time. Houon asked w? tho axo and said I10 would ciiop tho horse down with ifc, Afterwards took tho horses to the stablest H&JbjsVa;, )? did not go to tho Constablo until Saturday. I was summonsed j yostorday and fined for loaving Mr Ilouon's sorvico, j Somobody paid my fino. Tlio nffiir occurred on I Wednesday, not on Tuesday. I was not boating tho 1 horno, 1 touched it. Tho horso would havo gono ; had it not boon for tho loadors ; ho was a good horso ; I havo scon him work well boforo. 1 only touchod tho horso with tho whip; I don't call th it a boating, I moan by a boating a good hiding. I laid this , information boforo I g «t Mr Ilouon's summons. I spoko to Mr Urquhart about tho matter. R. C. M'ivinnoy deposed : I bought this horso from Mr ilouon, on tho 0th, (Wodnosday.) I exchanged a horso with him. Tho horso wan cut a bit ; ho had a big log and a bad eye. 1 don't know how ho got | that way. I asked Houon no questions ; I was sat isfied 1 had made a good dual ; 1 didn't havo a candlo to look at tho horso, I had a match. 1 bought tho horso at night and took delivery in tho morning. IIo was cut and knocked about and bruised. 1 turnod out tho home on tho common. Tho horso will got ovor it. To Mr Brough : I think about a couplo of good clouts with tho swinglo bar produced would about finish tho horso. Of courao I10 could apply tho bar light enough only to brush off a fly. As a mattor of businoss I would tako XI2 for tho horso now. [Tho Bonch hero retired to look at tho animal.] For tho dofonco Charlos Houon deposed : I had tho horso in my van 011 Wodnosday. Cox held tho roins and bolted tlio horso as I did; ho was on ono sido, 1 on tho other. I do not think I cruolly iilustid tho horso. Tho horso throw himself down fourteen timos. I bought tho horso for £8, aud sold him after this affair for £12. Cox laid this information out of sheer malice. I did not ask Cox for an axo. My teiupor was vory bad at tho timo. Mr Joseph Blight was called and doposed ho saw tho affair. Tho horso was vory obstinate and laid down sevoral times. Ho saw nocruolty that most porsons would not prac tice in such a caso. Tho injurios could bo sustained by falling. Mr IJrough in his spoech for tho dofonco gave witness Cox a hot raking. Tho horso would havo boon killed if t'io bar was used as Cox said. Tho Bench finod defendant .C2 2s and costs, J.'l Is for Mr M'Kinnoy, Wi: notico that I). Murray and Co, tailors, havo just got iu a quantity of Ashbnrton (N. Z.Uwoeds, which thoy purchased off Mr Atkinson, who is tho manager of tho Ashburton Woollen Manufacturing Company, which obtainod tho prizoat tho Ashburton Show. -Mr Atkinson, was rocontly in l?hy. How is it wo cannot mako our owntwoods? Wo havo plonty of wool aud 'unomployod.'' Twenty odd years ago 'Sydney tweods' woro tho rage all ovor tho colony ; now it is Goelong, Ballarat, Ashburton and othor tweods which aro in vogue. Tho impor tance of theso manufactures will be judgol by tho following remarks from tho Ashburton Guardian: 'Tho wholo district is groatly advantaged by tho success of its woollen manufactures which already add to our labor fund over £0000 a year.' Tho ital ics aro ours. Wb extract the following, concerning an old Hay man, from tho Press, Cliristchurch, N. of tho 5th November: — 'Tho late Dr. Gordon : A hand some memorial sarcophagus has been orected in tho Presbyterian Gemot ory at Rangiora ovor the grave of tho lato Dr. Gordon. It is raised with concrete about 2 foot from tho ground, and on tho top is placed a handsome polished Peterhead granito slab, 0 foot by 3 foot on which is inscribed: 'John Mackonzio Gordon, M. B., M. S„ M. R. C. S., Edin., Captain of tho Rangiora Rifle Volwitoerv, diod 20th July, 1887, aged 42.* This tablet is erected by his comrades and friends. A kindly Scot lios.horo.' Tlio monument was purchased by subscriptions amounting to about £40, and has been finished in good stplo by Mr J. B. Mansfield, of Christ Church.' It is singular that a most intimato friond of Dr. Gordon's, Mr .Tones Forsytho, who lies in tho Chuich of England ground in Hay has at his hoad a simple slab with tho inscription : 'Here lios a kindly Scot.' It has been decidod by tho Suoromo Court of the United States that a husband is entitled to carry a latchkey. In last issue it should havo boon statod X'240 had beon laid on tho stono at tho laying of tho founda tion of tho now Catholic Church at Hillston. By a clorical error 'Bishop Byrne' was named instead of Bishop Dunne, in regard to tho fixing of now parishes. The secretary of the Hospital acknowledges with thanks tho roceipt of cheque, iM Is 9d, and a largo parcel of calico, procoeds of tho lato Calico Ball, from tho hon. socretary, Mr H. Prendergast. The wardsman of the Hillston Hospital begs to thank Mrs Charters for a daily donation of milk; Mrs Hill, somo jolly and fish; Mrs Slander, egqs, fish, and buttor; Mrs Carroll, eggs and fish. Thore are at present 0 malo patients in the hospital. Church op England, Hay — Divine sorrico will bo held in St. Paul's Church, both morning and evening, next Sunday, at tho usual hours. Holy Comm inion at 8 a m. Sorvico at Toongool schoolroom at 3 o'clock. Piiksuyturian* Chukcii. — Divino Servico will bo conducted in the Hay Church on Sabbath the 20th inst, morning and evoning, by tho Revs J. M. Ross ana John Macintosh (i-v.) Wehleyan. — Sermons boaring on tho subject of Foroign Mission* will he preached (D.V.) by tho Rev. G. Thompson next Lord's Day, and tho collections taken will be devoted to tho support of tho Wosloyan Missions in the South Seas. * Tho Rev. J. D. Jory (returned missionary from Fiji) will deliver- an address on 'Missionary Work,' in the Wosleyan Church, Hay, noxt Tuesday ovening, the meeting to commence at 8 o'clock. Public worship will be con ducted at Illillawa at 3 o'clock on Sabbath after noon. Wesleyanv-Wo undoratand that tho Rov J. D. Jory, returned missionary from Fiji, will visit Hay noxt week, during his visit ho will givo an address at the Chapol next Tuesday whon uo doubt a great many will bo glad to hear of Fiji from tho lips of ono who 1 has boon there within tho l tst fow months and who i» I now on sick leave, but intonds returning thoro shortly I The Postmastor-Gonoral has called for designs for I eight new postage stamp*, which aro intondod to commomorato tho Uoutonary. The stamps aro to bo of tho following values:-— id, 2d, 4d, Gd, 8d, Is. 5s, and£l. A premium of £10 will bo pivoti for tho j best design in oach denomination, and £3 3s for tho 1 second best. Mr William Sykes, an old Gippsland settler of 40 years standing, who onco stood for South Gippland, and who rocontly passed through somo carious adven tures being robbed of £900 as he was about to sail for England, died rocontly on board tho Orient in tho Mediterranean. Wb hoar that £21 16s has been collected for tho Parkos Fund in Hay, Tin; Hugo Buffalo Minstrels open on the 21st at tho Acadomy of Music. Tho troupo, has beon well rocoivod iu Melbourne, Sydney and ikllarat, and pre sonts a most onjovablo ontortainment. It novor rains but it pours. Grattnn Riggs opens on the 24th. Hero is an oubarrass du richessc, and we've beon starv ing for ontortainmeuts for a yoar. Mfi Travis has a newadvertisemont elsewhere. Tub Melbourne hightoned 'lurries' who brutally assaultod a awagman havo got threo months' hard labor oach. Mrs Longshore lecturod on Thursday to a solect audience of ladies, who were so intorested that thoy desired the lecturos to bo contiHuod. Another lecture will be given to-morrow afternoon at throe o'clock at tho Academy of Music. Mr Lakesian has givon notice of Amotion, affirming the principle of tho Govornmont lending morioy to Crown tenants at a low rate of interest for enclosing with wire netting thoir holdings. The Legislative Council having passed tho Country Towns Wator and Seworago Bill, we might now get our £7000. Sanders, who killed his wifo in Molbourno, has boon found not guilty, on the ground of insanity. Mr. CiiA.MnERLAiN was enthusiastically rocoivod in Ulstor on his recent tour, and there wero no countor demonstratiouB. The Popo, a Thursday's cablogram statot, is greatly displeased at tho state of affairs in Ireland, shown by Monsignor Porsico's roport to exist, and has adiponished tho clorgy, oxprossing a desire that they will take a less active part in tho agitation in futuro. Mr Butteuwouth reports having sold two cottages with good frontage to Lachlau street, to Mr William Wade, at a satisfactory price, on account cl Kr William Cartor, son. _ Tnfc roconfc floods in tho Lachlan rivor h;ivo neces- . sitated R. C. M'Kinnoy and Co. postpouing thoir hnrso auction advortisod for tho 2bth inst, until tho 3u\ December, whou the lot will be submitted and sold without resorvo, and are pronounced by ono of tho host ' equino' judges in ' Rivorina' to bo, if not I tho finest, at least equal to any lot ovor offered iu'tho I Hay uiarkot. . a J R. C. M'Ki.nnev and Co. roport having sold on I account of T. W. Wilkins, Esq, ' Bacholor's Hall'' j tho whole of his household furniture and offects, at prices altogether boyond tho proprietor's most sangu ino expectations. R. C.^MuKinney and Co hold important salos to- day. At 11 o'clock they soli furniture and produce; at 12 hacks and buggy maroB. They also sell a lot of Mr E. J. Horton's ' Ell wood' milking cattlo. which will give a groat opportunity for householders. AVilkinhon and Lavender have a largo number of ? horaos, milch and other cattle for sale— see advt. I Dr. R. Morrow, of Hillston, hag an ^Duouncemenfc 1 jn another portion this i'isq?, CONCERT. | On Wodnosday ovening, tho 15th instant, a dra- ' matic and musical ontortainment was given by the I local amateurs at tho Academy of Muii', in aid of tho building iutids of tho Human Catholic Church, and *as well patronuid by an enthusiastic audionco; although it is doubtful whether there would havo boon ouch a largo attendance woro it not for an itom on tho pro gramme which gavu promise of unbounded fun— a bong and daiico by Airs Wynno- Royuolds, celobratod for the rendering alio gavo of tho 'Romany Rye' at tlio la-it concert; but iu this rcspoct tho audionco woro disappointed. Tho wiso lookod upon it from tho first as a ' draw.' There was a crowded houso, and many of those who had procured 3s tickots ware ob liged to bo contented with standing room at the back oi tho hall or to obtain seats iu tho gods. Tho pro gramme commenced with au overture by tho orches tra, Wulkotnmen Gavotte : niano, Miss F. Tartakover; flute, Mr Bowyer Smijth ; violin, M: O. II. Davies; and cornel, Mr G P. Abbott; which was vory nicely played, and afforded tho audience quito a treat in the instrumental lino. This was followed by ' Carissima,' sung by Mr W. J. Baxter, who has a vory pleasing voico. Tho conclusion of this song brought Mr Fred Wilkins :nto the broach, and his ' Only Ono' was received with such applauso that bo had to reappear iu his familiar 'It's all ovor now with tho ladios,' aud iu rospoiiHO to a second encoro, ho repeated the last vorso. Mr Abbott noxt sang 'Tho Garonno,' and in this his fall baritono voico and cxcollont rendition completely brought down tho houso. For an oncoro ho sang that beautiful and pathotic ballad, 'Alico whore art thou.' In this, tho accom animont was roally excellent. ^Miss A. Gardiner *i;on sang very ploasingly, 'Ptrquita,' but wo trust u ;ih a little moro oxporionce alio will ovorcomo hor iiorvousness. Mr R. Galloway ronderod tho ' Young Brigade' in ex cellent utyle, aud wo only regret this aplondid soug did not recoivo tho applauso i,t morited. Mr Galloway should sing a little moro » out.' Tho first part of tlio programme was concluded by Mr Hainos in his banjo ecceutricitios. Mr Hainos' negro imporsonations wero vory good; his songs woro woll receirod, and ho was oncorcd twico. not andorsorvingly. MrG. P. Abbott, during tho iutorval, thanked tho audionco, 011 behalf of the church, for thoir patrouago; also thoso who had so gonorously given thoir sorvicos for such a good came. _ Ho also stated that Mr A. P. Stow art was tho originator of this concert, but boing absout from town ho had left it in tho hands of thoso who ho felt auro would endeavor to mako the 011 tortaiumout a success. Aftor an interval of 10 minutes the Primavera Muz irka was swoetlv playod by tho orchostra. This itom was followed by a duet by Mrs Brown and Mr Newton, sung in excellent stylo which was encored. ?? Come back to Erin,' fcy Miss Macdonald, was hung in her usual rich cloar voii'o, and quite desorvod tho encore tdio earned for hor*elf.^ In response she sung ' Killarnoy.' Mr l'attam s . comic impersonation. 'Tho bald-headed swoll,' was really good, and smiling fartos wore not wanting lor a few minutes. Mr Tattam richly do sorted his encoro, and sang 'Ouco or twico' with equal success. Miss Porrin thon sang Brag Serenata with violin obligato by Mr C. H. Davies. Tho obligato to this noog wis marked by trae tasto and execution, tho pbtyor subordinating his instra montto tho siugor with remarkable skill — what an 0ldigati.1t should but frequently doos not. Miss Perrin gave as an oncoro ' Close to hor Throshnld.' 'Funny sayings' by Mr Clifford wero indeed funuy,and tended greatly to tho amusement of tho audience. Tho last itom on tho musical part of tho programme was to be a song and dance by Mrs Wynne-Reynolds, ' Tho Oald Irish Jig,' nor were the audionco altogether dis appointed as tar as tho dance wont, but though the 'lady' thatcamo out certainly could not sing, sho danced so vigorously that grave doubts wero expressed as to this boing tho roalarti-to so long expooted, nor woro tho^o doubts dispollod until a voico from tho gods doiirotl 'Mick' to ?* wiro in,' whon tho murdor was out. Mrs Reynolds had sont an apology at tho last minute, and sooner than causo disappointment a sub stitute was provided, and wo must givo 'Mick' tho credit ot atloast doing justico to tho jig part, if ho did not provo himself a vocalist. After a fivo minutos intorral, tho orchestra played tho Magic Gal ip, fol lowed by ' Tho Irish Courtship,' in which Mrs Brown and Mossrs Haines aud Baxter wore the charactors. This is a pretty Irish comedy in 0110 act. Tho solo and duets wore very nicely sung by tho characters, and it is ploasit.g to know that tho curtain dropped on Mike and Mollv boing happy in tho knowlodgo that they had gained oachjotlior's love with a prospoct of matriraouy at 110 distant date. Throughout everything passed off vory smoothly, and evidently to tho satisfaction of the aadionce, judg ing from tho hearty ap lauso given to porformers. For once the hall was conspicuous by tho absence of tho ' larrio' element, or if thoy wero thore wo must thank thom for behaving thomsolvos. Messrs Abbott and Nowton played the pianoforto accompaniments, and Miss Tartakovor piano, Messrs Smijth and Daries flute and violin, played Mr Abbott's accora panimonts. Wo must spoak in tho highest terms of the playing of tho instrumental quartotto. When wo aav it was quito metropolitan, wo do not in tho slightest oxaggerato. To backblockors it was a real treat. 