'THE REDEMPTION.' The announcement some time since that ;he Adelaide Musical Association intended to woduce 'The Redemption,' which was re m.W?o/l kv fjnnnrui ll« tha r.TfiVminff WQfk OI iis life, excited a very considerable interest n musical circles in this city. Tha work was irst performed at the Birmingham Musical ?eativalon August 30,1883, and was considered £ one of the most important compositions if the present age. As a tone painting of iho subject which it illustrates, it may^ Bear avourable comparison with the best writings tf Buch masters as Beethoven and Handel Che Trilogy is divided into three parts, and is ledicated to Her Majesty the Quean. The :ompoBer states that it is a 'Lyrical setting ortn of the three great facts on which depends he existence of the Christian Church.' These acts are 'The Passion aad Death of the Saviour, His glorious life on earth to His resurrection and ascension, and the spread of Christianity in the world through the mis ion cf His apostleo.' These three parts are preceded by a prologue on the Creation, the all and the promise of a Redeemer. Long Kiore 8 o'clock on Tuesday night the ipaciousTown Hall was completely filled, and ;he management were reluctantly compelled 10 close the sale of tickets. After the gallery tad floor of the hall had been filled the organ talleriea were made use of, and still there vere many more seeking admission who had a be tamed away. Such an unusual state if tbing3 speaks volumes for the popularity »f the Association, and specially of the high stimate which had been formed of the vork which was to be performed. It ¥33 announced that; 185 persons would ake part in the concert, and probably there rere on the platform quite that number. As the success of this work depends principally ipon the orchestra special efforts were made o obtain the services of the best instrumen alists that were procurable. It is only ately that we have been able to secure the leaistince of the French horn, which n the orchestra has so marked in effect in. this composition. A harp yas also included amongst the instruments 0 play a Bpecial part in one number, but ilone it had but little effect, and certainly vas not so telling as the composer intended he part should be. The cornets stationed -ehind the chorus, when trumpets pere intended, were effective, though, )f course, could not produce the sounds ihat Gounod desired when he wrote ihe , music for those instruments. Che orchestra, however, on the whole vas well arranged considering the disadvan agea under which a conductor has to labour ffhen unable to procure the assistance of intirely professional instrumentalists. It nay here pe mentioned that Gounod in this rork has, in a marked manner, written after jhe Wagnerian Bchool, making the orchestral eatures of bis work undoubtedly more pro ninent than the choral. Thus, while in leveral of the choruses the voices are linging in VLiiison the instruments are elaborating the most exquisite harmonies tad enchanting themes. This renders the lucceesful production of such a work almost 1 task of Herculean difficulty when the re lources at hand are considered, and the .reatest credit is due to Mr. Stevens for the nanner in which he has succeeded in working ip an orchestra composed principally of anateura in so short a time to such a pitch of )erfection. Indeed in very few instances Fere there any noticeable failings. The arrangement of the large chorus and band vas such as to give the conductor absolute iommand over those under his baton. At 1 o'clock HIb Excellency the Governor and ?oite arrived, accompanied by His Honor the }hief Justice. The Acting-Premier, the President of the Legislative Council, and His Worship the Mayor were also present. Their sntry was acknowledged by the full chorus and irehestra performing the National Anthem, !drs. James singing the solo. After the vice ?egal party were seated the conductor's baton vas raised, and the opening notes of the -verture by the reeds and horns were heard sommencing the weird opening of the over ure depicting the 'Creation.' Then fol owed a peculiar passage played by the itrisgs in that chromatic style so charac eristicof thecomposer. Beginningpianissimo i gradual crescendo was admirably worked ip to a grand burst of fortissimo at the inale of this all too short movement. Tha ipening of the vocal numbers marks a strik ng peculiarity of the composition. In lead of the usual style the 'narrators' leliver almost throughout the entire work heir recits in a sort of monotone, rhich, unless rendered with a clear enuncia lon, so that the subject may be ollowed, becomes somewhat monotonous. Che first recitative by Mr. J. T. Cook (tenor) ras well delivered, and at once won the ad niration of the audience. He possesses a :lear, light tenor of considerable compass and ?f much purity, which is well worthy of cul ivation. At times his phrasing was not so -erfect as could be desired, and towards the md he appeared to have tired his voice. Jut when the extraordinary difficulties of the lotation are considered—difficulties which ?t first sight might well appear insur nountable to an ordinary amateur, it mist be admitted that Mr. Cook was minently successful in his rendering if the music allotted to him. In his larrative of ' Jesus Appearing to the Holy Nomen' he was slightly at fault. His best lerformance was in the number in which the 'Saviour's address to his Virgin Mother' is nnounced. This was sung with great taste Bd feeling, displaying the sympathetic [uality of his voice eminently. The irincipal basso part w^s taken by Mr. '. J. Virgo, who like Mr. Cook, has ireviously not taken a prominent position on he concert platform in this city. H13 voice s one of much promise, but requires cultivation for the production of those ffects which with his natural powers yould be a matter of ease to him. n several of his recits. where the de ilamatory style is necessary he was specially uccessful, especially so in the duet between he two thieves, and again where he had the mrration of the circumstances attending the iescent of the Holy Ghost. The soprano olos were sung by Mrs. J. James, but con jary to the general custom in oratorio vriting the soprano has in the 'Redemp- tion' comparatively, but an inferior position, he principal solos being written for tenor md bass. Mrs. James waa hardly so success ul as might have been expected from so iccomplished a vocalist. Her peculiar habit ?f using the \ portamento was most noticeable n several instances, where a clear attack of henctes would have been muchmore effective, ler delightfully clear resonant voice was, how sver, eminently adapted to the few solos she tad to sing, and her unstrained attack of the j in alt was such as to provoke applause iven when the audience had almost through lut the concert decoiouBly abstained from howing their appreciation in the usual panner. In the concerted numbers Mrs. 1 ames was remarkably correct, and displayed minently her skill as a musician. Miss klcDermott (contralto) sang the 'Angel's Jong' in the ' Resurrection and Ascension' xry correctly, rendering this chromatic novement exactly, but her voice is hardly inch as might be considered the best con ralto ttrocurable. It is somewhat hard and msympathetic, though as a leader in a ihorus with her correct reading would prove -f great value. Mr. H. G. Nash, one of our )est baritones, was successful in his render np: of the solos in which the Saviour's word3 tregiven. Hissinging throughout was marked jy that study which usually characterizes iis performances, though once or twice l more vigorous treatment of the theme vould have been advisable. When tbe saviour appears to the .apostles and ad iresses them- with the words, 'Be not rfraid,' it would be imagined that life tnd spirit should 'be infused into the address, vhich was intended to reassure the faltering md fearful followers instead of merely sxhorting them' to cast off their tears. In one instance Mr. Nash, too, was ilow in his opening notes. The few luets, trios, and quartets occurring ji the work were perhaps the only weak joints in the whole performance, ^though Considering the material upon which the :onductor had to work the failings in these features were not without excuse. The semi ihoruses, supg by about twelve, were, how jver, excellently rendered. Next to the Hchestra the highest praise is due to the chorus. Those who know anything af ' the music can understand what ilmost insuperable difficulties of notation ibound in the choral numbers of the ' Re Jemption.' They comprise the most unusual variations in key, and occasionally of time. 5fet, notwithstanding this, the choruses were remarkably well sung. Occasionally there was a want of smartness in some peculiar change of key, when a few of the [eadiDg sopranos were heard slightly before the other parts, but generally there was that exact precision which bespeaks the thorough drilling of a con ductor who is a master of his business. In the unisonal choruses especially every voice eeemed to strike and finish the notes exactly together. Theshort one-beatresta were accurately observed, and the crescendos |and diminuendos - in numberless instances were splendidly worked out. Without this proper regard for light and shade the best oi music is little better than mere noise, and to the credit of the conductor it iB to be noted that he never fails to give effect to the composer's design in this direction. In the ' Redemption' the composer has un doubtedly given the premier position to the orchestra, as the whole success of the music is dependent upon the instruments. In several of the unisonal choruses theorchestra has occasionally the working out in a most elaborate manner the enbject, and in the absence of the greatest care failure would be certain. Xo only one instance rn their indedaion noticeable, and that fras in the M Hymn of the Apostles,' where, ifter a pause, they failed to attack the notes, out the soloists and conductor admirably con £ived to avert an awkward mishap. Tha ?Calvary March' and notably that sublime illustration of the 'Darkneaa' were speci mens of instrumentation which have rarely been produced before an Adelaida audience. [n the former the alternating fortissimo aud pianissimo bars were played with ab solute precision, and in the latter the Breird effect intended by the com poser was most skilfully brought out. It must have been the unanimous opinion that never before have we had presented in Adelaide bo masterly an interpretation of mch music, and &s; before stated the lion's share of the credit is due to those who were included in the orchestra. Speaking gene rally cf the concert it must ba admitted that Mr. Stevens has achieved an immense mccess, With material far inferior to wh&t; might be considered neceseary So give a fair representation of the idea of Stlons. Gounod, and with all the obstacles which follow the absence of professional ausicians, he ha3 delighted the musical public with such an exhibitipn as they have lever before enjoyed. With an almost per fect chorus and orchestra, and with fairly ;ood poloists, he has presented to us the 'Redemption11— a far more dimcult work than the ordinary oratorios— in such a manner 43 to afford ua a very fair idea of what mast aave caused such a sensation at the Birming bam Musical Festival, when the choice of the best English vocalists waa open to the conductor. In the management and control of iU those under his command Mr. Stevens ttas proved himself to be a thorough master, aid we hop_e that he may long remain in the :ity to aticrd U3 further opportunities of sryoying the result of hia skill. Mention )f the Eervipes of Mr. MpBride (leader), Signor Squarise (principal violoncellist), and Mr. Pybus (organist) must be made, for to these gentlemen much of the success of the orchestra is attributable. The Association prill at once take into rehearsal Sullivan's 'On Shore and Sea,' Square's 'Miserere,' tod sundry part-sonss, which will form the programme cf a concert to be given in about ;vro months' time. 