THE NOVELIST. FH&K;^QK .APPLAUSE. BY M. E. Well, if I must tell a ghost Ifcory, I suppose I must. But it (shall - be a r^l one—myewn - only experience in that line. You remember where we lived in Cannon-street. We had been living there in a cottage—or villa residence, as our landlord insisted on calling it —for over seven years, and, indeed, were beginning to have some vague thoughts of dying there—not immediately, of; course, but some day or other—when one fine morning we found that it had been sold " over our heads," as the phrase goes: and we soon made the further discovery that our new landlord was a nipper—I say it advisedly, a nipper of the most nippery kind.^ 1 don'j^^ care for landlords of any description, but l^W particualrly detest landlords who are nippers. I felt that we wouldn't get on well with the new man ; and we didn't. I don't allude to that affair about the scullery window, nor yet to the correspondence about the drains, nor even to his conduct—his " ungentlemanly conduct," as Emmy (Emmy's my wife) very mildly called it—in connection with the creepers on the verandah-posts. But there was a general feeling of incompatipility of temper, or what is commonly known as " bad blood." between him and us, which I knew must end in a row. So, when he raised the rent 25 per cent., and told us we might go if we didn't -like it, I was rather relieved than otherwise, and we promptly gave him notice that we would gh. When he found that we were prepared to leave he went on the other tack, and wanted to keep us whether we would or no. Indeed, we would have had more trouble with him, only I hinted that my great-great- grandfather had been Irish aud had once shot a landlord for less than that. The he let us go—in fact seemed to be glad to get rid of us. Perhaps I may as well mention here that after we left, I received a letter from him in which he called my attention to the fact that there were " fifty-three nail-holes, some great and some small, in the drawing-room wall," and requested me to return and ffll them up. I didn't return ; and I fear that those nailholes are still unfilled—I know that the house is still untenanted, and 1 must confess that I have a quiet chuckle when I pass that cottage, and see the boards of those wellknown auctioneers, Messrs. Bacon and Co., hung out from the outer walls, renouncing, " These premises to let." This is wrong, I suppose but not unnatural. However, all this has nothing to do with my story—directly, at least. Indirectly, of course; it has, as we were thereby led to look for and find another house. And with that other house my story has to do. I won't take you through all the horrors of house-hunting. You have gone through them in real life, or you will. That is enough misery, without having the torture inflicted on you vicariously. What days and weeks did Emmy and I spend in prowling round the suburbs of Melbourne, in interviewing agents by the score, in reading advertisements by the hundred. Our experience was invariably the same. If the house suited us, the price didn't; if the price suited us, the house didn't. What journeys we took in search of those " elegant villas " and " comfortable cottages " which seemed suited to our meanss, and which, on being inspected, turned into tumble-down barns and weatherboard shanties. Why don't land agents take to novel writing 1 The legitimate writers of fiction would have no chance with them. What imaginations they must have . Claude Melnotte was prosaic and commonplace beside them. We were becoming exhausted in body and mind, and were seriously thinking of erecting a tent or building a mia-mia in one of the reserves, when our efforts were at last crowned with success.- One Saturday we were wading through the advertisements, as asual, without seeing anything at all possible,, when Emmy suddenly exclaimed " Why, here is the very thing ! Just the number of rooms we want, more than enough ground, and the rent less than what we are paying. Let us start off at once to see it." " Oh, you green girl,"-I replied—I like to lug in a Shakspearian quotation when I oan —" don't you know the sort of ramshackle place it will turn out to be ? Haven't we been sold that way often enough ?" But she persisted : and as the afternoon was fine, and the suburb to be visited one of the prettiest round Melbourne, I finally concluded, that we might as well go there as any place else, And off we started. I was agreeably surprised at the situation and appearance of the. house. The neighbourhood was a good one; a railway station just sufficient near to be easily accessible, and sufficiently far off not to be a nuisanee; and the house stood on a knoll overlooking the river. The aspect of the place seemed strangely familiar to me—where had I seen it before 1 In a dream or in a former state of existence. I had never been in the locality before. A comfortable, cosy, rather old- fashioned two-story red-brick house, standing in about an acre of well-kept grounds, a green lawn fairly grown plantations of bluegum and pine trees, perhaps a little too near the frqfl^ door, and the borders bright with flowersj^ Nothing ramshackle there. The outside had evidently been freshly painted, and but for the peculiar, lonely look that unoccupied houses always have there was nothing to complain of. I felt convinccd that there had been some mistake about the rent, the sum named was absurdly low for such a residence. I had too much experience now to be in doubt on that point. However, as we were there, we might as well look through the place. The agent had given us the keys, so we proceeded at once to enter. A turn of the handle, the door fell open with a harsh creaking sound, and we saw the entrance hall before us. Now, I know that I shall not be believed. I shall be told that I am writing with the -knowledge of after events, and that unconsciously I am confounding the feelings I then had towards the house with the feelings I have now- 