AMATEUR CONCERT. The whole audience seemed to be exceed ingly pleased with tho amateur concert which was givoa here on Wednesday night, and well they might be, for it was un doubtedly the best effort in_ tho shape of amateur entortainments which has, 6oen made in Cootamundra. The curtain roso at 8*30 and- fell finally at 11-20 o'clock; and when we gay that during the whole of that time the audienc9 were kopb in pleasing touch with their eveuiug's pastime, it is pay ing a high compliment to tho cnuipauy of entertainers. The prngmmino .comprised — (1) minstrelsy ; (2) selections, (3) caricatures, and an eloquent and witty and' peculiarly relevant lecture' (or ' black harangue') on the phenomenon of the ' Milk in the coooa nut,' by a sable Necv Hebrideau (Mr. Meyrick) ; and (3) concluded with a fare*. In the chaii\s the company oomprised Messrs. McMahon (piano), Meyriok (interlo , cutor), E. P. Barnes, fch* brothors Uom-inH, J. Donnan, Fraser, Simpson (Bones), iiee^ (Tambo) and another. The selections wore appropriate, and fairly well sung, the choruses being especially well managed — ' Come like a beautiful dream,' ' Barnov, take me home,' and 'Silver moonlight winds' being the most appreciated among the sentimeutal soug* ; while the ?' Four Sarahs' and ' Go and tell Maria' (a capital local hit) split the ears of the grouudlinga, to borrow an apposite phrase from Hamlet. The ' gags' were abundant, remarkably happy, and generally skilfully put. A very good get-off by means of a 'ghost' caused immense fun. The second part consisted of — Trio, 'Cana- dian Boat Song,' Messrs. Barnes and two brothers Comans. Double song and dance, ' Dual Bobbies,' Messrs. Fraser and Reps, two capital comiques, who were, as a matter of course, recalled. Song, ' Wacht am Rhein,' Dr. Anderson, the attractive and pleasing item of the night; it was rapturously applauded, the singer's clear tones, his easy flow of soul, and faithful rendering of this great pem from Yaterlaud . being inspitiling in the fullest degree, and affording real enjoyment to his audience. (Mrs. Anderson played the accompanimout.) Then followed the Black Harangue ; song, ' The Rhine Wine and ' McSorley's Twins' by Mr. H. D. Fraser, for which he was loudly applauded, recalled, and made the recipient of bouquets, to complete the fun. In the farce ('Nursey Chickweed') the characters were allotted as follows Nursey Chickweed, Mr. Simpson ; Barne3 (his chum), Mr. M.eynck ; Mr. Walton (Agent), Mr. Chauucy ; Mr. Horatio Mountsorrell, Mr, Blauk; Mrs Clementiua Mount sorrell, Mr. Donnau ; Nelly (her daughter), Mr. W. Rees. A good deal of eoope was given for localisation, and it was well adapted. Messrs. Rees and Simpson had the chief parts to sustain in the comic line, and, kept the audience in roars of laughter ; while Mr. Horatio Mountsorrell played a difficult1 Pafk with admirable effeot lor an The hall was crowded through the night ; and the entertainment proyud a very satis factory recess. 