FRAGMENTS OF FUN. Woman is mortally afraid of a mouse, they say, but a moustache doesn't scare her a bit. Don't call a very -large, strong, Binewy man a prevaricator. If yon are sure he is a prevari cator hire another man to break the newB to him. ., "Wilt thou, have me, Sarah? said a yonng man to a modest girl. " No, John, said the girl, " but yon may have me, if you will." „ . . , Smith, with effuBion : Hallo, ib that you? I heard that you were drowned. Brown, with Badness : No ; it was my brother. Smith, thoughtlessly : What a pity ! Merchant ; Well, porter, I want yon to tell me all that happened during my absence. Here's a dollar for you. Porter : The boys promised me two dollars if 1 wouldn't Bay a wrd. " I wish yon would pay a little attention to what I am Baying, sir," roared a lawyer to an exasperating witness he waB examining Well, I am paying as little attention as I oan," was tbe calm reply. " Who." said a member of the Canadian House of CommouB, to the memberi, who were t-ryiDg to choke him off, who brayed there?" "It was an echo, J' retorted a member, amid a yell of delight. " Io the Benteoce — 'John Btrikes Wil liam', " asked a school teacher in a mannfac- inrir.fr town. what is the object of ' strikes' V " Higher wages and ehorter time." promptly replied an intelligent pnpil. " I don't l'ke these shoes," said a lady cus tomer, " because the soles are too thick. " Is that the only objection ?" blandly asked the bootmaker. " Yes," waB the reply. " Then, madam, if you take the Bhoes, I can assure you the objection will gradually wear away." ' "What is that big iron thing full of holes V' "A locomotive boiler," said Tom. Laura looked thoughtful After a moment's silence, she asked : " Why do they boil loco motives ?" Tom looked amazed. " To make make tender," he said slewly. Collector, to servant girl ; Is Mr. JoneBin? Servant : No, he is out. _C. : That's a fib I saw him enter here a minute ago. S. G : I tell yon he's out. C. : I Bay he's not ont ; he's in. S. G. : Well, he's out of money, and that out is enough for you, anyway. And it was. . . _ , Boston Hostess : Did yon not think the allegro movement of that concerto by Bee thoven most inspiring ? Friend, from the West: Stunning 1 And wasn't Mr. Beethoven himself perfectly elegant! Such lovely whiskers. I do wish he d play again ! " Mary, here's an advertisement in the paper that I think I'd better answer." " What is it for. J >hn ?" " Why, it says, 4 a good setter dog for Bale, by Edward Smith.' " " Well, what do yon want of a Better dog, John?" "Oh, I dnnno, only 1 thought it might do to watch the bouse at night ; and as it ib a setter, we could use him on tbe eggs during the day.' At the Coucarb,— Young Candid : Did you ever hear such horribly discordant, ear- splitting, infernal . Old Proudfut : Sir-r-r 1 That's my eldest daughter, and . Young Candid : I repeat, Bir, such infernal clatter as the idiots behind ns are making. Why, I can't hear a word of the song An Australian prelate, on hia first journey around, was flung into the deep mod by a res ive horse. . Rising ruefully, with his chaplain's help, and surveying the place, the bishop consoled himself with the reflection : ' 1 have left a deep impression in t hat part of the diocese, at any rate." A very deaf Boston man has a charming wife aud a cross dog. One morning a friend met him and said : ' Good morning, Mr. B'ank. Your wife made a very pleasant call on us last evening." " I'm very sorry," was the startling answer of the deaf citizen, I II see that in doesn't occur again. I m going to chain her np after thiB. A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast lamb, and the waiter bawled to the cook : " One lamb." " Great be itt, misier. cried the countryman. "I can't eat a bull lamb ; gimme some fried oysters instead. One fried," bawled the waiter. Well, Methu selah's ghost ! Mister, one fried oyster haiu t Koin' to be enough. Gemme a dozen of em. Darn these city eatin' places ! _ , Barber to customer in chair : Yon re quite bald, Bir.' Customer : Yep Bather : Young man, too. Customer : Yep- Barber : Wear your hat too much. Customer : Nop, Barber: Run in the family ? Customer: Nop. I Barber: Roots of thehairdeseased? Customer: Nop. Barber: Fever? Customer : Nop. Barber : Er- wife ? Customer : Nop. Barber desperately: What caused that baldness? Customer : Barber's preventative. 