[?] Concerning Old Fields. By Thb Scout. Old goldfields are apt to remind one of yesterday's joint — the best appears gone, but there are good pickings left ; and some fields recall the rush at an American table d'hote : all energetic concentration for a brief, period, with ficant consideration for your neighbour, and nothing left in a little while but — pickings. At the mention of Ballarat, Itockhampton, Ara luen, a golden haze arises, in -which flit past an end less ' go-as-you-please' procession of ' cladasyou please' miners and diggers, eager-eyed, expectant ; a mushroom town of canvas, wattle, and stringy-bark ; the falling of 10,000 trees and saplings ; the defacement of a thousand acres of primeval beauty, a human hive burrowing into the yellow earth, and hundreds of little hillocks of the yellow earth replacing the green garment of nature ; then the golden haze merges into the restful everyday tints of nature. The countless hillocks remain, the tree stumps un couthly dot the landscape, the sinkings are traps for the unwary, a few skeleton frameworks of canvas or bark habitations like habitation ghosts bleach in the sunshine, the creek ripples and creeps along in its sandy and- rocky bed, but the procession of the eager eyed and expectant has vanished. They are pur suing the road whose finger-post hath on it ' Hope deferred,' and whose every mile-stone for some 'maketh. the heart sick.' A late ride from Goulburn, which is on the Southern railway line, to Newbridge, on the Western railway line, over the Abercromby Mountains, brought me into more or lees contact with the more or less deserted goldfields and silver-fields of the West. This area embraces what is known as the Western Gold fields, and when I refer to these fields as deserted I do so in the rush-deserted sense, for on all there remains a certain amount of mining industry — on some considerable, and others insignificant, on all; the superficial workers who practically depend upon a day's find of gold for a day's living have either all but disappeared or been reduced 90 -per cent. But on several capital has taken up the trail of the yellow god, and with the best modern machinery is ^earcliing for him with more or less success ; and not only for the yellow god, but for his satellites, silver and copper, also. It may, I think, be fairly asaumed that the haunters of these old fields—and I have conversed with some who for over 30 years have been faithful to the one field — have acquired a very practical and intimate knowlege of the possibilities of- those fields where they have spent the best part of their lives ; and I have found this to be their ver dict, that, while little remains for unaided labour, there is abundant mineral wealth which . will most amply repay the investment of capital and the appli cation of machinery and the best mechanical ap pliances.- The time will most unquestionably come when this will be the case — i.c, when capital increases in this country and is seeking openings for invest ment. Now there are many openings and few capitalists. The very limited attention paid to these practically deserted old fields now produces results which substantiate what I assert. AtTuena there are 116 men who devote more or less time to alluvial dig ging. The gold obtained and sold locally during 1886 was of the value of £2290. In this and other instances I have not been able to obtain any reliable knowledge of what is taken away and 6old at a dis tance, which I do not think, however, would amount to any very considerable quantity. There are heavy silver and copper deposits in and around Tuena which — the former in particular — have hardly been touched. There are signs of awakening, however, and a claim known as Maguire's has been purchased by Mr. Kaleski and partners, who as rapidly as possible will put on the most recently invented machinery and chemical treatment, and they antici pate requiring a staff of some 200 men. Other ground adjacent to that in which this lode is situated has been taken up. Repeated assays, I understand, show between 30 and 40 ounces silver to the ton. At Peel wood, 10 miles south-west of Tuena, there is a valu able copper mine absolutely deserted, which the low price of copper and the expense]of carriage have closed. Here again I heard rumours of a silver mine which, in the hands of its two owners and workers, ,was developing in a manner that promised, great things. In the creeks and gullies in the mountains surrounding Peelwood, including the men at Junction Point and the Dogtrap, Tuena Creek, there may be a dozen men. either earning a living by alluvial work in the creeks or driving tunnels where they hope to cut payable . reefs. At the Dogtrap there is a claim whose owners have negotiations pending with Sydney capitalists. At Trunkey Creek, a township 18 miles north-east of Tuena, where lives Mr. T. A. Smith, the warden of the Western Goldfields, to whom I am indebted for valuable information, there are 154 men, nearly all of whom are fossicking, doing little more at any time than paying their way* Amongst these, however, are one or two men who are intelligently alive to the great mineral wealth of the district, and are following up most promising indications, which, in one case, have recently brought down and secured the interests of Sydney capitalists, The gold sold in Trunkey during the past year amounted to £2462 12s., and the warden has issued 31 additional miners' rights for this year. Three new leases have also recently been taken up. The exception to the ordinary alluvial labour is the New Bathurst Gold-mining Company, which, under new proprietary, has, during the last 18 months, been erecting machinery and sinking a new shaft at an ex pense of about £3000. An inflow of water is a temporary trouble, but the expenditure of the new proprietors would appear to be fully justified by the fact that the mine paid the original proprie tors well up to the time they relinquished it. At Burraga, some 10 miles from Trunkey, there is a . valuable but unworked copper mine, and about eight or 10 men, fossicking and making a living by alluvial working, ? ? At Oberon there are some 52 men, who have sold gold locally valued at '£3412 10s., while at Bockly there are 130 men engaged in silver- mining, who, during 1886, won £740 worth of silver and £112 of gold. The two largest and best-known old fields in the Western Goldfields district are, of course, Mitchell and Mount M'Donald. Sunny Corner made at Mitchell a reputation in past times that is world- wide, though shareholders are not to- day the envied mortals they were some time age. This celebrated mine during the past year yielded silver of the value of £123,207 3s. 6d. Next in im portance, but a long way behind in value of output, is the Silver Tf'^p, also at Mitchell, which, for some occult reason of thajsonristois, fr^s. r'* haea worked recently, though there is splendid ore in sight, and the results have been good. . The value of the silver won during the year at this mine was £9480, while at the Nevada, the other Mitchell silver mine, the total was £3000. The population engaged in mining at Mitchell, alluvial, reefing, or with, the three companies named, numbers 650 men, and in addition to the silver, the value of which I have given, there was obtained gold to the value of £6762, of which a considerable portion was obtained by Cook and party at Park Corner — viz., 660oz; ffbm 1100 tons of stone ; the greater part of the remainder heinff alluvial pold ?ot hv some 60 men. who during the year sold to the banks and local storekeepers 1272oz. Probably the best paying goldneld at present in the Western district is that of Mount M'Donald, which, with a mining population of 141 men, produced gold n 1866, which brought £11,899. Altogether, scattered over the more or less deserted western goldfields in a great country rich in deposits of the precious metals, there are 1243 men engaged in extracting those metals from the earth. This small JLU1UUU Ui. HIGH XUtVC, AlUWWCi, WUlUg UWb JW' obtained, or won as the term is, £136,427 3s. 6d. worth of silver and £26,937 12s. worth of gold. Considera ble as these amounts together appear to be — £163,364 15s. 6d. — I do not hesitate to say it is entirely insigni ficant in comparison with what could be produced were capital available for trial workings, prospect ing, and the judicious and vigorous prosecution of what is already known, and what unquestionably would be developed. As no inconsiderable proof of this, I may point, out that of this amount of £163,364 15s. 6d., over £150,000 of it has been obtained by capital. If capitalists, instead of forming syndicates only for the working of mines when at long intervals such are discovered and brought before them, would form syndicates and expend a trifle of the money that goes as purchase-money now, for the trial of promising country, and in particular of the old gold-fields and the couutry lying around them, they would expend less to obtain the property and open up a splendid field for profitable investment. 