MISCELLANEOUS. The Lantern last week came out with an j amusing political cartoon. H. Yoght von the shearing champion ship at the contest in Clare on Saturday. Last week's run of silver at the Broken Bill Mine was 06,196 oz. Over 77,000 head of eheep have been lost by recent slorms in Buenos Ajres. Twelve hundred eheep were drowned s few weeke ago by a waterspout on the Care less Creek, in Meagre County, Montana. The second reading of the Crown Lands Bill has been passed in the House of As sembly. Alice Jubilee SiLverton recently died at Silverton. Mr. Pearson, of Victoria, has lost between 600 and 600 cattle through eome unknown disease. August Rage, whilst bathing in a dam near Maitland on November 13, got out of his depth and was drowned. Some rough weather was experienced in Sydney on Sunday, and a ketch went ashore. The Advertiser says it is rumored that Mr. B. C. Mais (Engineer-in-Cbief) intends to hand in his resignation to the Govern ment. Mr. H. B. Boare, agent, of Adelaide, loBt his life near Mount Pleasant on Saturday last through being accidentally shot by a pistol. The Bon. R. C. Baker says that the cost of eradicating the star thistle on land where it has taken a firm hold would be £4 an acre. In reply to Mr. Kimber in the House of Assembly Mr. Coles stated that there was no hitch whatever so far as the Government was concerned in reference to Chnffey Brothers' agreement. Mr. G. W. Goyder, the Surveyor-General, has been granted a holiday for eight months on account of illness. Bis leave, however, will not commence until the 1868 leases have been settled. A boy named An pas Allen, of Strathalbyn, recently lost his life. Another boy pointed a gun at him, thinking it was unloaded, and on pulling the trigger the charge entered Allen's shoulder, killing him instantanously. At the race meeting on the old Adelaide course on Saturday, Brigand won the Bandicap Bardies, Roaney the Distance Handicap Trot, Norma the November Bandicap, Genesta the Pony Race, Norma the Selling Bandicap, and Sweep the Amateur Steeple. At a recent bull-fight in Coahuila, Mex., the captain of the bull-fighters undertook to kill the animal while seated in a chair. Either the man made a mistake in taking his position, or the animal swerved from his course after beginning his charge, for the captain was struck under the chin by one of the ball's horns, end died in & few moments. In Spain a newspaper is franked for trans mission and delivery by the postal authorities for the small cost of ' £ de cent, de Peseta,' or, in other words, the sender has only to affix a stamp of the value of l-40th part of an English penny. And not only is this the inland rate of postage, hut newspapers sent through the post to any of the colonies of Spain have only to bear the same stamp. Kauri gum industry is making rapid way at the present time, no less than 10,000 men being engaged in the Auckland pro vincial district making a livelihood at gum digging. As many as 130 men leave Auck land by boat every morning for a place called Birkenhead, not far from the city, where they engage in this work. It is stated that the gum merchants pay at the rate of about £1,000 a day. Thus an exchange :— The raison de'tre of Dunlop winning the Cnp so gallantly ae he did is explained to be nothing else than a short, stout malacca cane with a silver top, So sluggish had the horse been found by Sanders, that an ordinary whip was no good, and this etont, bending malacca had been taken into service instead. As a result of tbe race the silver head was cracked and split up, showing that the little cane had done its part in winning the Melbourne Cup anno domini 1887 in right good earnest. The stakes won at the V.R.C. meeting have been paid 6ver. An exchange says that Mr. Donovan is the largest winner, his share amounting to £3,355. The bulk of thifiiB of course due to Dunlop'e victory in tbe Cop. Mr. W. Gannoon takes £1,801, all of which was won by Australian Peer. Mr. W. Cooper comes next with £1,508, then the Bon. J. White with £1,374. Mr. J. Wilson, jun., gets £1,330 for Lonsdale's Maribyrnong Plate win, and the Hon. W. Long £1,248. The other amounts won range from £360 down to £3, making a total of £14,915. The Conservator of Forests (Mr. J. E. Brown) on Saturday morning received a report from the officer in charge at Emu Flat, in which he says that the hay crop now being cut is turning out a very heavy one. This is growing on the flat, about half a mile from the experimental blocks. The crop is so heavy that it has to be cut with tbe scythe. On the 3rd, 4th, and 5th of November a splendid rain fell, registering for tbe three days 2.390, The weather since has been favorable in every respect. The vinee and fruit trees are looking splendid, especially the former, which are now making very rapid growth. Altogether the work is progressing satisfactorily. — Register. The output of gold from the Transvaal gold fields is something considerable. But only a small portion of tbe machinery is working as yet. Capital is flowing in ; and speculation is rife all over the country. The Cape Government offered to spend £2,800,000 in railway extension if the Governments of the Transvaal and the Free State would join on fair terms. The Trans vaal Government, however, declines to co operate with an English colony, and is anxious for the development of the Portu guese Port at Delagoa Bay, whence n rail way is being constructed to the border of the republic by a Dutch company. The following, sent by a Loyalist to tbe Irish Times gives an instance of the horrors of boycotting in Ireland, which the Crimes Bill ie intended to suppress: — 'A Mrs. Penderville, who lived near Newbridge, sheltered a poor boycotted laborer. For th is act her husband and herself were denounced. They managed to live by selling vegetables, which the woman bad to cart a long dis tance from home to obtain a sale. This was soon found out, and the cart was stopped. She then had to walk, carrying heavy loads, which brought on premature confinement. No woman from among her neighbors could be (jot to come to her aid. Her husband had to go a long way for medical assistance, which arrived too late. Be had again to leave to get a coffin from a distance, and was obliged to lock up bis poor children by themselves with the dead mother. While away hie neighbors' children attacked tbe house, pelted it with stones, and terrified die children i side by their hooting and howling.' The means taken by eome persons for tbe acquisition of knowledge are occasionally very surprising, la an Ohio village the other day a mnn found two kegs of gun powder in tbe cellar of mi old church which was used as a dwelling by his own family and a number of others. He carried out one of the kegs, intending also to remove its fellow. The first keg leaked, however ; n little stream dribbled from it, reaching from the spot where the two kegs stood together out into the street, and on noticing the street end the man began to wonder whether the powder was dry or not, and touched a match to it in order to learn. It was dry. A fiery flash ran across the street and down into the church cellar to the other kep, which wns also free from moisture, and blew up. Such pnrt of tbe cburcii as was not demolished was set sadly askew. The families above learned quite as much as the man had ascertained con cerning the dryness of the powder, and much more concerning its general effects, though fortunately no one suffered serious injury. ' Atticus,' in the Melbourne Leader, says : — I see that it is becoming a custom in the Anglican Church to designate the curates ' assistant ministers.' This, I am told, is done to spare the feelings of the deputy reverend gentlemen. During past years the difficulty of obtaining clergymen's helps was so great that persons bad to be taken as curntes wbo brought disrepute on the name. Now a better class of men are offering themselves ; but the old objection to the title of curate remains, and eo they are given another name. A lady in a subur ban parish told me that some years ago she was worried by frequent calls from a curate who paid absurdly long visits and prattled by the hour about her soul. She complained to her husband of the nuisance. ' Shock him,' was the husband's advice. ' Put the whisky bottle on the table and offer him my tobacco-box.' ' And did you do as he suggested ?' I asked. ' I did,' she replied ; ' and then instead of coming only twice a week he took to calling every day!' An interesting instance of fighting in sanity by insanity has recently been noticed among the Blackwell'e Island patients. Two lunatics had been received who were dis posed to commit suicide. In addition each possessed a special delusioD, one to the effect that he was a cow, the other that his head was an iron ball, and was rolled along tbe floor. They carried these beliefs into action, one striking his head against the padded walls of his cell, the other rolling his head, and of course his body with it, along the floor. The two patients were placed together, and each was privately in formed of the other's weakness and warned to watch his companion to prevent him taking his own life. Thus each had a charge in the other, Their vigilance was unceasing. Each supposed himself per fectly sane, and thiB belief was accompanied by considerable scorn for the other's weak ness of intellect and accompanying delu sions. Gradually under the influence of this treatment the patients were observed to improve. To have their attention centred on definite duty and on objects external to themselves proved a tonic for their diseased minds, and gradually a complete cure was effected, and they received their discharges from the asylum. A contributor to the Gawler paper says: — It is a good thing that people have some thing to stir them up occasionally. Other wise they might go to sleep and not wake up for many days. Gawler has been quite alive with a new sensation the past few days, the current topic of conversation being the police. No doubt there is something wrong somewhere, but so far there is nothing but rumor and tittle- tattle. What a muster of people there were at the Council-chamber on Monday night. I expect they were then expecting a little feast of scandal. They were disappointed, however, and not even a ghost of sensation. All the speakers had heard of rumors, but not one would give utterance to them. Stay, there was one gentleman who narrated what a policeman had told him in the presence of* others. There is an old saying, 'save me from my friends.' If what he said should get known to the authorities I would not give much for that policeman's billet. It is quite time this tittle-tattling about this thing was stopped. It must be subversive of all dis cipline. If discipline is not maintained in the force it will soon go to the dogs. At the same time justice should be dealt out to all alike. Sir William Robinson told the following anecdote during a speech at tbe late fete of the Adelaide Friendly Societies: — On one occasion — be would not say when or where — he was travelling in a neighboring colony as Governor of another colony. At one of the stations where he got out of the train at night for a little refreshment a gentleman from his own country — Ireland — came up and said — ' I understand that you are the Governor of South Australia ? I just left the colony of which you are Governor.' Be did not intend to say exactly those words. (Laughter). Bow ever, he replied, 'Yes; lam.' His friend said, 'I'm going back to that platform when you are going to leave, and ask the people to give three cheers for the Governor of South Australia.' He returned to the platform, and sure enough tbe man was trne his word. He called out, 'Gentlemen, three cheers for the Governor of South Australia.' No response was given, in fact very few people were there. In the dark ness the man called out again, ' Gentlemen, won't you give three cheers for the Governor of South Australia ?' Still there was no reply. 'Well,' said the man, 'if you don't give three cheers give three groans for the Governor of South Australia. We must give three something, anyhow.' (Laughter and cheers.) A duel with cross-bows has just been fought in Paris in the neighborhood of the Military School between a youthful scion of nobility and a young actor from one of the theatres on the left bank of tbe Seine. The aristocrat had a friend belonging to the demimonde, whom he had lodged luxuriously in a little dwelling in the Avenue de Saxe. The usual occupations of a wealthy man about town kept the scion away, from his dark-eyed divinity during long intervals, and weary with waiting for a lover who never was to be seen she consoled herself with the follower of Thespis. The aristo cratic person having resolved to return for awhile to the bowers where pleasure, as he thought, awaited him, fonnd the comedian lazily lolling on a superb divan, smoking a cigarette and listening to the. warbling and piano-playing of the accomplished demi mondainc. A lively discussion took place between the men, and, no pistols or swords being at band, it was decided to fight the quarrel out with two ornamental croeB-bows, which were hanging on'a wall. The rivals re paired to the garden, followed by the lady, who was in a stale of intense hysteria. The opponents faced one another, and at a given signal fired. The comedian's shaft pierced ! the arm of his opponent, whose missile : lodged in a tree. Tbe demi-mondaine fainted ' when she saw the blood flowing from her ! protector's wound, and it is supposed that ; her reason has been impaired. The hurt, however, was not serious. The following exciting affair is recorded by the Bombay Gazette: — An accident, 1 winch nearly proved fatal, happened at Delhi a few days ago. Mrs. Barlow, the wife of the bank manager, and two other ladies were bathing in the large swimming bath belonging to the Delhi Bank. One of tbe ladies, Miss Fletcher, fainted in the water when out of her depth, and sank to the bottom. She rose once, but not quite to the surface, and sank again before any help could be rendered. An old ayah who was present plunged in to her rescue, but she could not swim, and was extricated with difficulty by the two otber ladies, one of whom dragged her out by the hair of her bead, with the assistance of her friend. Their cries brought some coolies and chap rasis, but their help was not efficient. Mr. Barlow also ran to the rescue, and dived after the young lady. Be succeeded in finding her, but had not strength to bring her to the surface. Before he had time for a second attempt, a gentleman who was staying with him, Major Hodgson, of the Lincolnshire Regiment, hearing the cries as be was walking in the garden, ran to assist. He plunged in at once, and being a tall, powerful man he managed to get his arm under the young lady's shoulder, and bring her to the surface. She was quite in sensible, but came to herself in a short time, and is said to be none the worse for her narrow escape. A few years ago two gentlemen, who Lad been left executors to the will of a friend, on examining the property, found a scrap of paper, on which was written, ' Seven hun dred pounds in Till.' This they took in the literal sense, and examined all his apart ments carefully, but in vain. They at last wound up his estate, sold his collection of books, which was a considerable one, to a bookseller, and paid all the legacies. The fact of the writing on the scrap of paper was of^en discussed between them, and about seven weeks afterwards one of them recollected that among the books sold there was a folio edition of Tillotson's sermons. It might be said that this was what was alluded to by the word 'Till.' They waited on tbe bookseller, and asked him if he had the edition of Tillotson, which had been among the books sold to him. On his replying in the affirmative the executors immediately bought it back, and, on care fully examining the leaves, found banknotes 6nugly dispersed in several places, to the amount of £700 ! And what is, perhaps, no less remarkable, the bookseller informed them that a gentleman at Cambridge, read ing in his catalogue of this edition to be sold, had written to him, and desired it might be sent to Cambridge, which was accordingly done, but the books not answer ing the gentleman's expectations they had been returned, and had since lain in his shop, open to the handling of all his customers. A somewhat serious anti-Socialist disturb ance occurred at Rotterdam on September 7\. M. Damela Nieuwenhuis, the Socialist leader who was recently released from prison, arrived in that city, accompanied by several of his followers, in order to attend a reception which had been organised in his honor by the Rotterdam Socialists at the People's Coffee House. A large crowd collected in front of the establishment and prevented M. Nieuwenhuis from alighting from bis carriage, eo that the police were compelled to form a cordon round tbe vehicle in order to enable the Socialist leader and his friends to enter the coffee house. The crowd then commenced throw ing stones at the windows, and tore down the red flap displayed over the door, after wards burning it in the square before the police station. The mob then attempted to force an entrance into the coffee house, and the police had to charge the crowd to pre ven t a serious riot. A large number of people succeeded, however, in getting inside the coffee house, where they did great damage, tearing down the Socialist emblems and flags and breaking all the furniture. The Socialists, after making some attempt to defend themselves, escaped by the back way. The mob, which was in a very excited state, did not, however, succeed in finding M. Nieuwenhuis. Tiie anti-Socialist demonstrations were continued all the evening by the crowd, and the police had great difficulty in preventing matters from assuming a serious aspect. Order was not restored till nearly midnight. It may astonish those who remember the plunging days of tbe Hastings era to bear that betting on the turf has been far heavier during the present season than at any former period ; and it is a far less difficult task to foretell the inevitable result of such dealings than to predict the winner of the approaching St. Leger. The career of one sensational ' starting-price' speculator, who thought nothing of having £10,000 on a supposed 'certainty,' was cut short at Ascot, where another bold 'dasher' lost £15,600, and settled with a cheque for that amount on -the following Monday, but has since retired. Far more sensational has been the betting of another young 'plunger' during tbe past fortnight. At Goodwood he lost £15,000 racing, and the same amount at Brighton pigeon - shooting on the Saturday, his chief creditor for £6,000 at the latter game being a notorious, member of the bookmaking fraternity who did not possess so many shillings a few years ago. On the first day of the Brighton meeting, when every first favorite lost, tbe ' plunger' had a ' bad day,' but he won £15,600 on the Wednesday; and these few truthful illustrations will sufficiently bear out my statementrespecUng the unparalleled charac ter of the wagering at the present moment. Nor must mention be omitted of another recent aristocratic recruit, who, besides pur chasing largely of thoroughbred stock, is a very heavy bettor. — The World. A dispatch from Denver, Colorado, dated the 16th ult., gives additional particulars of the death of the young Oxford student, named George H. Gordon, who was acci dentally shot by bis college companion, Mr. A. A. Whitehouse, whilst hunting ante lopes on the Twin Mountain, near Denver City. Mr. Gordon and his friend had been visiting Mr. Windham with the view of future investment in the stock-breeding bu&inees;, and on the evening of the accident saw two antelopes on the Windham ranch. They went in pursuit of the game, and 6oon nfterwards one of the animals disappeared, and the other was ecen in a little euleb, ' where Ibey thought they could pet it. It was thereupon agreed that Gordon should j steal along the gulch on one side while Whitehouse should creep along the bottom, so that the game should not escape, and the two men separated. It was now dusk, and after walking some distance Whitehouse caoght sight of an object moving through 1 the sage bushes about 120 yards ahead of him. Fancying tbe object to be a mountain lion he fired, and the object fell to the ground. He then called to his partner, but received no answer, and having heard of the dangerous character of the lions when wounded, he fired three more shots, and then, supposing tbe object to be dead, he approached it. He was horrified on getting near to find that be had killed his friend, who had been struck in the head. The body of Mr. Gordon, who whs about 22 years of age, was conveyed to JLaramie. A Russian adventuress, known by tbe nickname of ' Golden Hand,' has been condemned by the Tribunal of Moscow to transportation for life. This extraordinary woman ha6 been married no lesa than 16 times, and is described as being remarkably handsome. Her husbands belonged to all nationalities and creeds. She ran nway from two in France and three in Germany, carrying off as much of their property as she could lay hands on. She was in Vienna in 1878, under an assumed name. Sbe robbed her different husbands altogether of more than 300,000 roubles. When travel Sing she invariably made dupes, and dis appeared with their money, jewels, and even with their watches. She is not unfamiliar with her future abode — Siberia — as she was condemned once before by the Moscow tri bunal. She had not been there long before the chief overseer of the pkee where she was confined married her and took her to Constantinople. She left him in course of time, aud returned to Russia, where she was identified by tbe police only »fter two years' residence. She speaks fluently Russian, German, French, English, and Roumanian. The lawyer intrusted with her defence had an opportunity of experiencing her skill as a pickpocket. When he went to her in prison after the trial she assured him of her gratitude, and asked him to accept n sou venir — a gold watch and chain — which she placed on the table before him. He at once recognised it as his own. She had picked his pocket and presented him with his own watch. The Franciscan Monks of Paris have just bought the land in the Rue Haxo. where several members of their order were shot by the Communists in 1871, and they intend to build a chapel on the spot. The place will thus become a more accessible point to tourists and visitors who like to go over the blood-stained ground made memorable dur ing the ' terrible year.' The persons who were shot in tbe Rue Haxo were 11 eccle siastics, 37 gendarmes or municipal guards, and four civilians. On May 26 they were marched out of La Roquette prison to wards Pere Lachaise. Behind them was a howling crowd of drunken and delirious demons, who shouted, ' Down with the gendarmes and the priests!' The Com munist Mayor of Belleville, named Ranvier, ordered them to be taken to the fortifica tions and shot after they had been allowed a quarter of an hour to make their wills. While he was talking one of the priests, who was over 80, was struck several times. The Communards, however, thirsted for blood, and when the doomed men had got as far as No. 85, Rue Haxo, they were marched into a yard there, the Federal who was on guard giving each of them & kick as they passed in. A kind of court-martial was held by the chiefs, but before its termination a girl of 19 who acted as cantinikre in a Communist regiment, shot two gendarmes; a boy shot another, and the butchery began. This is the place which the Franciscans have bought, and near it there is a museum kept by a notary of the Quarter, in which many objects which belonged to the murdered men, and many souvenirs of the Commune, are preserved. Some correspondence has appeared in tbe Field with respect to the riding of buck jumpers at the Wild West show. One correspondent, who considers that the Aus tralians display far more skill in sitting their notorious buck- jumpers, says that an Australian stockrider would be rather amused at the manner in which a cowboy keeps his seat on a buck-jumper — namely, by ' fixing bis spur firmly into tbe saddle cloth,' and 'grasping the pommel at the same time.' Another correspondent says there is only one buck-jumper — the Aus tralian. ' No doubt,' he says, ' the per formance at Earl's Court is excellent of its kind ; but a man seated between a pommel and cantle each 6 inches or 8 inches high, with his feet jammed into a couple of small coal-boxes, ought to make a decent show on any animal, more especially these obviously weak 14-hand horses. The Australian stockrider is called upon to sit a powerful 16-hand horse, bred from good English stock, on an ordinary English saddle, with a snaffle bit. This animal is often so thoroughly bad and dangerous that he must be driven, into what is known as a 'crush lane1 — two converging fences— the place At the end of the lane being so narrow that the animal cannot turn. Jammed in here, with a bar above his rump and another behind him, the tackle is put on. He is then partially roped, edged away to gate, held by two men while the rider mounts, and, on being set free, dashes into the open stockyard and. bounds into the air, all his legs clear 4 or 5 feet from the ground. This height has often been verified by myself and others, by aligning the horse's hoofs with the upper rails of the stockyard fence, the total height of the fence being about 6 feet 6 inches. You can imagine (no, you can not, unless you have felt it) the effect of a dozen or so of shocks in rapid succession, the horse coming' down with all his legs straight as iron bars, and owing to the twists he makes in the air with his head each time in a different direction. This takes place upon a limited area, perhaps 20 feet by 20 feet. Unless the man goes off in the first bound, the horse spins round on his legs & few times and renews tbe bound ing, until one wonders whether any of one's teeth intend to remain in their sockets. One of two things must happen — either the man is ' slung1 handsomely, or he sticks to the animal until the beast becomes ex hausted, gives in, and stands sullenly re fusing (or unable) to move to any persua sion of the spur. I have seen a horse take severe punishment after one of these bouts without stirring a yard, his legs firmly planted wide apart, his head down, his mouth wide open, and his tail tucked tight between his lege. Even then he will oc casionally get fresh wind and give you another nasty turn ; but it generally means that he is done. Good sound girths will Bometimes break by tbe violence of the strain, or tbe crupper may slip — then, of course, man and tackle go off altogether in n heap. Iucrediblo ns it mny appear, horses hare been known after n prolonged struggle to buck the saddle ripht off over bead and forelegs, without breaking the girths,' 