I ROYAL pmnuess T mi AT UK. " MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING." The theatre going public have esrta nl? no reason • to complain of want of eiher variety or excellence in tba fare being presented to theai by the c >mpa;iy njw uccupviii ; tlio boards a : tho Koy il Is- inc Tliaatre. Though the soainn is yet y.mag, there have been no less than fou- diflt rent programme.'; two Shakespearian plays and two emotional dr. mas l.ast evening Shakespsare's blight and suarkl:ug comedy, " Much ado about nothing" was pre sented, and considering the incessant down pair for » ciuplo of hums before eight o'clock the attendance was very Rood indeeJ. This favorite comedy was cxcellonily placed on the str.ge, and many of the scenes were, of an exceed inyly effective cluracter. The most noteworthy was the cathedral interior, which was a p.-onounoed artistic success. Tho richness of trte costumo* and the excellence of tii-3 general arrangtinen.'s aided in the effect, and theaudimice several time' testified lliair appreciation of the manner in which the comedy was staged by app ame The repre sentation of the various chancters was such as t:i render the comedy most etj yab'.e. Tho lie; cdick of Mr W. J. H'llloway iH generally regarded as one of the best of his S.iakejperiau impersonations He gave a most effective and true rendering of the p^rt of the erstwhile b-iclieior, who, from a pro uouncad contempt of woman, is suddenly tu-ni-d to love mikine. The merrimont cuised by tliB :unravell.ngof the circumstance which eiu3ed this sudden convorsi m was most intense. ■ The spirir of the comedy received an admirable interpreta tion at the hands of Mr Holloway, who acted and generally sustained the character throughout in a manner which gained for him tho hearty. approval of the whole aud'ence. Miss Essie Jouyns give a most happy rendering of the part of Beatrice. This charming young, aclre s was thoroughly at home in tho part, which ah;' presented with so much vivacity, graoa and truly artistic feeliog, as to still further raise her in public estimation. The representation was remaikab'e for that absenc-iof exaggeration which makes. Mia* Jenyns'acting so truly enj iyable to all lovers of true art. The principals were well supports*! by tho remainder of the company. The parts. <.f Claudi > and D jn Pedro were rendered with con spicuous ability by Messrs A. Normau and' U. Stewart, the honors being evenly divided Mr Charles Holla way's D.) >borry was a most success ful effort, and aifirdesi great amusement. Mr A-. K. Greenaway and H. Hodson as Don John and Lconato, also deserve pra'se. The Hero of Miss Alice Deorwyn was a mostengagiug parformauce Miss Nita Stee'e looked well as the page, and sang with good elfect "Sigh no more, ladies." The other characters were appropriately filled. . To night will bo produced cihakuspaar j's mblinie traga !y, "Hamlet," for which Kroat preparations have been in do. The Rcer.ery wi:l b? all entirely new. The " Brisbane Courier," speaking of th production, says:—"Tho sceneiy is a iiitrvel f beauty, notably the battlements scene in the opening, also the last scone in the first act, show ng the summit of the cliff, and the churchyard scene in^the fourth act. • Messrs; Perrimatj, Vaugh ;n, and Matthews, scenic artists, have surpassed <-v<>n; their customary excellence." : The ghost effrc's VFL.l be all entirelymaw, thesamj as arenow being given at :the Thevre'Francais, . Paris; by that great French actor, Mounet Sullv. Mr Hodoway will, of course, play."the melancholy Dano " The s una paper, speaking "f Mr iHolloway's Hamlet, say*: —"From the moinaat when ho first appeared with sorrow laden countenance and som'jre habili ments in the opening scone, lie thoroughly won and kept the respectful attention of the audience, and that not by trickery, but by powerful natural ncss. . . . The general opinion last night was that tliB demands of this great tragedy have never lio-iri baforeso thoroughly satisfied." Miss Joriyus .will appear as Ophelia, and .heclftwill include the ; fail strength of the company. This mssterpi-'oi of the great dramatist should dr^w a crowded-' house ton'gh". 