] BBITISH A3JD FOBEIGff 2TGTES. Tlie Pali Mall Budget (November 3) says i llie British empire " must federate or perish." ' Liberals say that the appointment of Earl ! Lytton to Paris is a blunder; Conservatives declare it to be a pity. Skinny Men.—" Wells' Health Benewer" restores health and vigor, cures Dyspepsia, Impotence, Sexual Debility. At chemists and drngsists. F. H. Faulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide. On the day Mr. Wilfrid Blunt was sen tenced to two months' imprisonment in Ice land he was -chosen as Home Bule candidate for Deptford. Last election Mr. Evelyn (0.) polled 3682 votes, and Mr. Lalm&huo; Gliose (H.B.) 3055. "Bough on Catabbh" corrects offensive odors at once. Complete cure of worst chro nic cases; also uuequalled as gargle for diph theria, sore throat, foul breath. Mr. W. O'Brien, M.P., said last month " We members of Parliament are the mere bubbles that sltow bow tire depths below «re surging ; we are the mere storm-bells upon a dangerous coast." The Pall Mall thinks Mr. O'Brieu has made a mistake in declining to look upon the prison garb as a uniform of honor when it is worn for such an act as his. " Bough on Pixes."—Why suffer Piles ? Immediate relief and complete cure guaran teed. Ask for " Bough on Piles." Sure cure Tor itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles. During Mr. Gladstone's return from York shire to Hawarden on October 28 Mr. A. Summers—youngest brother of Mr. W. Sum mers, M.P. for Huddersfield—was killed at Stalybridge station. Bough on Cohns.—Ask for Wells' " Bough on Corns." Quick relief, complete, perma nent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At che mists end druggists. Mr. Frank Holl, B.A., is paintings portrait of Mr. Gladstone. London Liberal papers blame Canon Bro ther, M.A., for protesting against the attend ance of " tlie mob " at Westminster Abbey. Rouon on Bats.—Clears out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, insects, skunks, jack rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists. Mr. Sourgeon found it impossible to remain in fraternal fellowship with " those who call the Fall a fable, who deny the personality of the Holy Ghost, who call justification by faith immoral, and hold that there is another probation after death and a future restitution for the lost." Wells' Haie Balsam.—If gray, restores to original color. An elegant dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A Tonic Bestorative. Stops liair coming out; strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. There is no doubt that the new London phenomenon Hofinan is both " a real little boy and a real musical genius." A procuress who enticed a girt of seventeen and the " patron " who ruined her were late in October each sentenced by a Bristol judge to 14 years imprisonment. Bough on Itch.—" Bough on Itch ""cures skin humors, eruptions, ring worm, tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains, itcli, ivy poison, barber's itch. According to the Moniteur de Pome the Pope recently said the active intervention of the State is no doubt not absolutely needful if in the laws that regulate labor and in indus trial labor itself there is nothing to offend morality, justice, man's dignity, and the domestic life of the working man; but if these are menaced or jeopardised the State, by a right measure of intervention, will be work ing for the common weal, for it is its duty to protect and watch over the true interests of ■ its subjects. j Bucitu-Patba.—Quick, complete cure, all annoying Kidney, bladder, and Urinary Di seases. At chemists and druggists. F. il. 1 Faulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide. Lord St. -John, of Bletsoe ^St. Andrew St. John, born 1840), died last month. Captain the Hon. B. Byng—son-in-law of Earl Carnarvon—died on November 8th after a short illness. The Duke of Manchester '(Sir W. D. Mon- ' tagu, K P, bora 1823) and Lord and Lady Fitzroy arrived in Adelaide by the Britannia j last week. 