MAGGIE. " Have you seen but the bright lily grow Before rude hands have touched it ?" (CONCLUDED.) "Here," cried a voice, "in this gully." And she ran on again. Presently she stood beside something more dense than the darkness, the lightnings illumined her so-standing there in. her womanly beauty with the rain drops glittering on her ruddy hair. " What ails you?" she said; the impulse of pity stirred in her heart by the look of pain she saw on his face. " My horse is dead; he was struck by lightning, and he has fallen partly upon me. I cannot rise," he said, struggling painfully. "Stay-I will help you-see-I am strong," she said, kneeling down on the sodden grass, and using all her endeavor to free him. Again, and again, and this time successfully. "Lean on me-so. That is right. I will help you. Down, Rover. Down, Watch. Is it thus you welcome a stranger?" Up the steep mountain path they went, pausing often for breath. And the lightnings played round them-she in her beautiful youth; he in his young, stalwart manhood. Together they stood at last on the floor of the hut, in safety. The storm had almost rolled itself away. The far east was flushed with rose color, a new day was dawning; and her grandfather welcomed the stranger not less warmly because he belonged to a class with which he had little in common. "Gentleman" was. written on the delicate, refined face, with its short-cropped, curly black hair, and on the white hands, which had never been roughened by labor. Old Michael O'Connor, in his sturdy independence, regarded all men as equal. Maggie gave up her dainty little room to their guest; his ankle was. sprained, and he was much bruised and shaken, but no more serious evil had befallen him. Ernest Tremorne, he said, was his name, and they never knew any better. With the true spirit of courtesy, they asked him no questions, for he was their guest. He said that he had been dining with a friend in the village below, and was on his way to his home in a neigh- boring town when the storm overtook him and he lost his way in the dark- ness. So he stayed on day after day, till he felt well and strong, and seemed quite happy there. He ate their home-baked bread and sweet butter, and declared Maggie's cookery beyond praise. The old man listened de- lighted. The praises of this orphan maiden were sweet to his ear. She was the only link which bound him to the wife of his youth. His dead daughter's child-how he loved her ! It was the eighth evening of his stay. Michael O'Connor sat, as was his wont at this time of day, within the shadow of the projecting doorway, watching for Maggie to bring home the cows. They have been talking on the old man's favorite theme--politics-some what to the astonishment of his com panion. ' You think sir," he says "that a man like me should know nothing of these things. I !+'.v ini :II: ou-if-the ~t.ny spot. 1 have not many books. it is true:" he said, glancing round the room till his eyes rest on a well-worn copy of the Bible. "I have not many friends. I see few new faces. But sir, I have the nd I have this," he said, clapping his head on the news- paper which lay on his knee. " The one tells me about the world to which I am going fast. The other tells me about the one I live in. Cheap luxuries both, witlhin the reach of all. 'Tis a man's own fault if he be quite ignorant." "Tinkle. tinkle !" A bell sounds in the distance, and the tones of a girl's voice singing come up to them pure and sweet, waking the rever- berating echos of the mountain side. "There's Maggie." the old man said. with a glad smile on his face. "There's Maggie; God bless her." Ernest Trenmorne rose and went down the steep incline to meet her. The girl hushed her song at his ap- proach, and a flood of dusky red swept over her face. He took her little brown hand in his. and looked at her as she stood there before him, with Brown Bess nibbling the sweel grass beside her- - a queen in the kingdom of her beauty. " Maggie. my darling, I !ove you I love you." The words were as old as the hills, and yet there are no other words like them. Her broad white lid, droop over her brown eyes-she fears he might read in their depth, the measure she gave him in answer. " I love you; every beat of my heart is your own. I would take you, my queen, my liege lady, away from this solitude far, and bind you to my self for ever. Ah, Maggie, look up at me once. Let me read in those dear eyes my answer." For an instant she lifts her eyes shyly.. Then they droop low again. " My darling, my own." He folds her close to his heart. He kisses her eyes, and her hair, and her sweet lips; so pure and so loving ; while the placid cows with their musing eyes look on them in wonder. "You will tell granlfatlher," she says, as they walk up the steep path together. "Not this time. dearest. I trust leave you to-morrow. I must go back to my place in the great world of men, but I will return to claim you, my queen. It wants but one month of Christmas; and longer I can't live without you. I will go find a home for my beautiful bird, and return to transport it thither." He is gone. The light has gone out or her life. so it ecoims to her. The forest pathways are dark with the pre- sage of sorrow. " Oh ! My love! My love !" she moans to herself the live long day, and yet she keeps on doing the work to her hand, with a sense of doing her duty. The hot Christmas came, and the hut was all wre?the, whvh green gar- lands; but he e.ar niet in whose honor. She donned her best and her brightest, and when Chiristmlas had passed and gone, she still hoped and waited. No more does she make the hillside echo with snatches of song. She for- gets even to whistle. And the old man wonders and says to himself. " Maggie is a woman now; she grows every-day more like her mother." Christmas, that glad season of re- joicing, comes round again ; but there is a shadow on the hillside this bright summer morning. The birds hush their song, the winds whisper low. Maggie is dead-there she lay cold and white in her wondrerful beauty, with a half smile on her lips. and the glory of lier golden hair all about her. Maggie is dead. She never was sick. "She went into a waste," the countryy people say. Her grandfalther sits there beside her in dumb despair. His bright haired darling has left him alone. He will hear her gay laugh, and her carol of song never more-never more. The evening shadows crept down the valley. A soft mist enfolds her. To-morrow they will bury her out of his sight. And he sits there alone with the dead. Hurried steps, come up the rocky pathway. A man soiled and travel stained enters that little room. It is so silent and still; it is like a sanc- tuary. He goes past the old man, who does not see him, and bends over that still face in ,an agony of spirit. Buit of what avail are tears and sighs? They cannot wake that sleeper. He can never tell her now that he meant to come to her always. Be can never tell her now, on the very. evening he felt her, he found a tele- gram waiting to summon him to the deathbed of his father. His tears fall like rain or the red gold hair, and he kisses the cold face. Then voices sound near him, and he hurries away as he came, like a shadow. Christmas has come and gone many times since then. Michael O'Connor and his grand- daughter sleep side by side in the village cemetery. where the long grasses wave and the winds whisper low. Ernest Tremorne-(we will still call him so)-is living still. Remorse is the ghost which Isntirs hii footsteps. The memory of that Christmas time comes between him and what the wri.ch ,tilt " happiness." Even the I:Est i their musical chime seem to repeat that one word " ~Maggie."- Sydney Town and Country. 