THB ttOLDEN HOPE. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream that w>-. not all u dream.' Bi W. Cijakk Russell. Chapter XX.— A Fok'sle Discossiox. They had no sooner left the cabin than a head with a grimy pale face on it and disor dered hair and reddish eyelashes popped out cf a spare bunk on the port aide, and after taking a quick glance around, was followed by the body and legs of Johnny, the ' boy.' This youth was about seventeen years old, stuotd, but willing, and be was useful as one of the ship's company, because though he hardly knew how to make a Ioug Bptice, he could help to roll up a sail, aud was a very good servant for the cabin, besides being ser viceable as a sort of cook's mate. He had ' all night in' becauee he was kept ot work all day, hut feeling tired after breakfast and guessing he would not be missed for a quarter of an hear or so, he had sneaked into the spare cabin bunk, that was in' reality a hole iu the side, such as yoa see in smacks, with the iuteatiou of merely resting his limbs, bat bad fallen fast asleep Ha was awakened by the entrance of Mr. Fortescue and the two men; when, rea'ising his situa tion, and the rope'a-ending that might follow hie detection, he lay hrenthles-, lis tening to all that was said. When the mate left the cabin and Hiram entered hie berth, Johnny tumbled ont of hia buuk and went to see after the cabiu dinner. The cook was a man named Micky Anson, a fat ignorant person irritable like moat sea cooks. His temper aboard the Golden Hope had not been improved by the amallness of the galley, the want of elbow-room, and the wild and lively motion of the schooner during the bad weather, when on one occasion he had been waBhed out of the caboose by a sea, ana wnen ne naa oeeu sev ra! ttraeB scalded by capsized saucepana. Whether, but for the cook's temper, Johnny would ever have repeated a word of what he had heard in the cabin, cannot be imagined ; baton being angrily assailed by Anson for ' loafing' and neglecting to do his ' bit' and the like the lad Baid, ' Micky e'elp me as I Btand, I'd been here if it warn't for a ghost story. I heerd it in the cabin. I'd laid down in the Bpare bunk, an' I fell asleep and was woke up by tbe ole man and the mats and the parson comin' below ; the parson he tamed to and give 'em a yarn about a ghost. Micky, s'elp me. it wur enough to make a man's hair feel as if it wur stiff with fat. He war-a-iong w»tim jaiiuu'j ana uuett taey ciear<l out and aft I come' Si saying, he seized' hold of some plates that were to he c'eane.d and began to make a mighty rattle with them in a metal pail full of water. 1 Ah,' cried the cook, 1 of coarse you was lavin' down. You're always a la>rin' down. It's gutter jumpers arter your pattern as are makin' sailors the laughing-Btock of the world. Good mind to ronnd on ye to the ole' man,' he exclaimed, opening the.oven door to scowl at a meat pie. ' It's your thick skin what makes you insensible to ( nautical feelings, aud you'll never feel like a le&furing; man till that there skiu has b-eri thinned bv a course of ridin' dowo". Ghosts! If there was e'er , a thing of the kind in this achoocer, damme if I . wouldn't lie at'the cost of making film "a1 present of .. the 'ih'ar'pest fork on that Bhelf there'on the uoderstandin' that "he: harm-ad ye about with jit and kept all on'j ibbing of you till I toldlhim to stop.'' \ . 1 Micky, cried the lad, who was now red in the fees with the exertion 1 he waa'pntting into his task of cleaning and nibbing, 'B'elp me if the parson's yam wurn't enough to make me wish I was home agin.' Why, | this wof age ain't a woyage at all.; We're Railing in search of a ghost; ye shoiild have heird the mate grunt when he was 'told it, and th' ole man kep oh saying, ' Well, this is a start? Tais do beat my time !' and when the parson was gone the skipper atks the I mate what he thinks, and the mate be says it I must be all true 'cos the parson's too pionB ! to tell a lie.' ' j 'What's «U true? What 'are you riawin' ! about? WbnV goin' to hear you whilst' you I makes that liloomin' uiiise? .. cried the cook, j whose curiosity was now' excited. ' ; "' W hat's all irul-? '' Why, whac 'thc paraon ' told tho pkioper, aud, tne . mate, ' yeolied Johnny. ' He says' there's' ..a! female' gViosc Bituat'dd on an rislau'd/iu: the .Eindian Ocean' and this voyags is' tu' fetch her,' Tne cook flourished afryingpan; whilst Johnny, cower- iug atidj dodging ' behind hiB, uplifted arm, roared'' outp 'S'elp - me, the Lord, it's true, Micky.-" The ghost came to the . parson and sajii ' I'nrbh the island what Mr, Stone's got the calculatipuo.qf,' and. she, writ, down, a 'likeness of tfie'islaiid, aod pretended that tbe parson had done it ; and then the parson he sees 'the 'drdwin' and likewise the- ghost a-stretchin' out" of h'er-arms to him, and bo he makes. up his .mind to go and fetch her, aud here .we are a-goirig I' The cbfik' looked, attentively at tho.lad, aud knowio'g him tp: be too much of a fool to be capable of inventing such, a story as this, exclaimed, ' Just say that over. agin, will yer?' The youth did so. ' Ye mean, to say that the parson told the cap'a audi mate that a female ghost wrote dpwn the likeness of an island, and informed him that Bhe was on it, and that' this voyage' wa3 meant to fetch, her?' said the cook, knitting his brows and looking at Johnny with an expression in bis eyes that caused the lad to respond with astonish ing rapidity, ' Ay, Micky, and if it ain't true, may 1 — Aud he hoped that all sorts of fearfnl physical afflictions would smite him. ; ' Well,' said the cook, beginning to bustle abont afresh, but in rather an: abstracted manner,' ' if the parson'B motive be what you say it is,- then this here's a' woyage I for one never signed "articles for. But aft . with yer now; get the cloth laid,' and he made as if he would'lift his. foot,, on whioh the youth ran out. If, Bailors in those days were livelier and heartier and better Beamen than they are in these, it- must be' owned that, they were also more ignorant; Not ignorant iu "tho sense of 'laming,'; as they' termed it,' for as many could read and_ write then as can read and write now, but in respect to sea superstitions. In our ' age tho prosaic mechanical spirit of the engine room has entered the seafaring calling, and in the .furnaces of the steamers heen bnrned up neverTo apnear again. But in the age of the Golden Hope, Friday wog still an unlucky day ; a master would risk bis apars to pick up a cat that bad fallen over board ; the Fin, as a native of Russian Fin land was termed, was a magician in the eyes of many Bailors ; and though the Flying Dutch man was mentioned on the whole with incredulity, scores of superstitions much more absurd and much less poetical prevailed in ""hips' forecastles arid 'tween-decks where Jack swung his hammock. The cook having obtained from Johnny a most perverted ver sion of the narrative Mr. Fortescue had related to the captain and Stone, very natu rally procured its conveyance forward in a manner that was formerly observable in sea- cooka — as thus : It being the captain's watch on deck, and consequently William Breeches's watch below, for William waB in the mate's watch. Breeches came to the galley for a light for his pi:«e. 1 William,' says the cook, ' what was in your head, mate, when you signed articles for this here woyage ?' Breeches surveys him leisurely, and answers, ' Seventy hob a month. Micky.' ' Ay,' says the cook, ' that's right enough ; but what was the destination given ye ?' ' Why,' said Breeches leaning in the door way, and taking a look at what the watch on deck were doing, 'a hisland in the Indian Ocean, warn't it? I've signed on for a good many wovages in my time, but somehow I've never caught myself taking notice of wbere we're bound till we gets there.' ' What d'ye say,' exclaims the cnok, ' of the parson baying this here Bchooner to fetch a ghost off the island we're bound to?' ' Git out,' said Breeches. ' Well,' says the cook, ' it's Johnny's yarn ;' and hare he relates how the lad came to overhear the conversation in the cabin, exaggerating the youth's version of course, and embellishing it with several original tduchee. 1 If . it's true it s blazing queer,' says Breaches. ' Ah,' Bays the cook, 1 and the more yon think of it, the likelier it is. What does a parson want to sail to a hisland in the Indian Ocean for, that's got no name, eh? Just ask yourself that, William. It ain't for traffick ing ; there's no barteriri' Thames ballast, anyways ; no fear of its being for slaving and the likes of that. Parsons are all very well ; but it's s»rtin their dealings is with what ye can't see ; and if there's to be anything what may be called speeritool like mucked up in this woyage unbeknown to us and not down in the articles, I, for one, shall want to know what r.he capt'n has to av uoon it ' Well, of course, language of this kind ended in making the two fellows look at each other with faces as long as . ' a wet hammock,' to u-o the language of the sea ; and when Breeches Had smoked his pipe out and de scended into the forecastle, it was not to turu . in/ but to repeat what he had heard to Baton theircKeatfc mending ttieir'cioth'eaT the remaining man of _ the watch, Joe Hall, ordinary seaman, being in his bunk and loudly Burning there. It was the custom of the watches to get sapper together, and shortly before four bells (G o'clock! the men having finished the meal were on the forecastle ; for the evening was beautiful, the wiud warm, and tha sun de scending in such BDlnndour that you would have thought yourself in parallels higher than- the Shetlands to have seen the bright flames ku hing out of tho hazy crimson vortex and the lines of ribhed clouds robed in gold and orange and pink and Bcariet, with the sky a most delicate dim green between them, and the sea coming with a bright copperglare upon it out of the west, and sweeping with 6he heavens into dark bine into the east. There never was a more peaceful picture than the schooner made at that hour. Steeped in the flowing western glory the full boBoms of har canvas were tinged with orange, while in the concavities whioh faced the east, whence the wind was blowing as though the fevered breath of the African desert were mingled in the freshness and sweetness it gathered from the ocean in its flight — in those concavities the shadows lay like the blue dusk of evening, thue furnUhinoc an -exquisite confcraac to an ere bo situated as to embrace both the con vexities and hollows of the Bails. There was nothing in sight the wide waters round. Mr Fortescue and Hiram were drinking tea on deck, Stone was below. In the bows were the crew, sitting on the windlass end or leaning against the weather rail, the cook and Johnny in the midst of them, apparently yarning or as Hiram would sometimes fancy, argaing, when he cast his glance forward, bat speaking low, with askant looks aft. It was tbe first dog-watch, and they had the second yet to go through before they Bettled down to night duty or repose. The whole length of the schooner was between Weeks and his men ; bat if this were not euough so to subdae the voices of the crew as to render their words in- andibls aft, there w -s the swinging of canvas aloft aB th9 Golden llooe rolled, the sounds of water disturbed and moving over the side, small straining and - chaffing noises, and besides, Captain Hiram conversed with Mr Fortescne, though no reference was made between them to what had passed in the cabin. It was otherwise on the forecastle, where the account that had been given to the cook by Johnny was being gravely discussed. ri Mates.' .. said Breeohes, feeling in his trousers pockets foro.r,jp9i 1 wn=»t seems to tn.e ths queerest part of tnis jut, that there Johnny's yarn is trn«, it's plain that the capt'n and the mate didn't know any more nor U3 what was the motive of this wovage.' 'That's what strikes me as the rummiest pare, too,' said Tim Duck, a saucy-looking, somewhat merry-faced Beaman of thirty. ' The parson evidently got to windward of the old man afore sailing, and now we're a fort night out, and, the truths told, the skipper don't know what to do.' ' If .he wants adwisin' I'm game for one,' remarked the cook. 'Who Bays be dnnno what to do?' asked Martin Goldsmith. ' He don't look much disturbed. I allow his face couldn't be much longer than it is, bat if there's any binward c-ipsizal in a man ye're not going to see him smiling and appearing heasy like Hiram there, as if he'd got the yonng woman he's a cfinrtincr on his knee.' 'DJosav it's mere acting ' sail yonng Joe Ball. ' There's too many skippers knockin' about aBhore, bailies, for Hiram to tarn to and suy he warn't goin' to sail the schooner to a haunted island.' 'Johnny,' said Breeches in a Bevere voice, '.d'ye mean to say that the parson told' the skipper and Bill that there was a ghost on an island in the Indian Ocean, and that we was hound out to fetch it? Jmt think. You're more'n half a fool recollect, aud afore you jumps down my throat with a screeching Yes ! ' just overhaul what mind you've got, aud see if yon ain't mistook.' '-.Fool or no fool,' answered the hoy, ' I'll tell yer, if yon was to hold me over the raii and say yeld let go if I answered yes to what" you've asked, I'd say yes. D'ye think I cau'c hear? S'elp me, aa I'm sitting, what the parson said was a ghostwrote down a bislanil for him — a female ghost — and says she was on it, and she opened her arms to.theparsotf, arid the parson he makea rip his mind to go to her. An' here we are a- coin!- 'Twarur only: that neither. The- ghoBt made ttie \- - parson aee the.ahipl.riuzirig up.in, the Indian Ocean, him being in England: - And j tHe; skipper, "he -talked; ,of i a .ghost , as : come to a .ship's wheeLaud, made a chap : there-fetch a Bible,; arid,criext idfvy h9- drops - dowri; dead; I'here waa' notheu-I didn't hear, fouly.or rip. .fool,,. William,';. ri , V1 . . 1 Well,.', said.- Henry, Sawyer,, with , an pn-: easy glance aft at the clergyman and. a kind- of writhe on the, .hatch- ho was eitring on, 'if Johnny ain't- blundering, the; look-out of this . woyage is ,the :oncomfortahleat a re spectable Bailor could eign for. Why, Blaving ,'nd he better than ghost-hunting, damme.'- .' What's a ghost like?' isaid the cook. 'Anybody ever see a ghost?' ... . ' Did tbe.parsou. tell xhe capt'n what the. ghost was like?' inquired Goldsmith. 'No,' answered Jobuuy. It wor; some thing as put its arm out.' , , . : ' Well,' said Duck, ' that'a what. ghosts do. I've seen 'em- represented in the -theayter. They comeB up out of the holes -under the stage, and points ,apd talks with their arms. They never, speaks. . There's no good in sayin', as Sam. did, there ain't no ghosts; 'cause if they'd never, been wisible, how could they be drawed, and, how could, play-hactors dress up like 'em?',, , . 1 What I said waa that no man ever yet see a ghost,' exclaimed.. Sam Wilks, an ordinary seaman. ' A ghost's a man's soul, and my father believed that when Bonis was liberated they got blowed about, till they brought up, but no man ever saw a soul. Why,- if it was something ye could look at, every time a chap died you'd see his soul flying away.' 'Tall yer what it is, mates,' Baid Gold smith. .' You may say it ought to be middliu' warm in these parts, bat it's blasted cold: to my notion." ' Light a pipe,' said Duck. 'Jimmy,' said Breeches, meaning Kitta, who was at the -helm, ' toid me thiB after noon that he was shipmates with a man who knew a sailor that had murdered a young person he was ke«n' -..--io u-juy, cm a Hailed away ; but the girl went with him. If he jumped aloft she was on the foretop alongside of him. If he took the -wheel, she'd be holding the lee spokes. If he looked over the Bide he'd see her in the water. When he came home she stepped on to tha quay, with him, and Jimmy arid that his mate toid him that when toe man stepped over the side.tlia1 young parson made him take a coach and go down to where her body was, and dig it up and look at it-, which he did, and then she made him take the coach back again and go to the police and tell .'em he had murdered her ' 'Conscience is the name of that there ghost,' said Duck. ' Conscience be blowed I' cried Breeches. ' Mean to tell me a man as can murder a young woman's got any conscience ?' 1 Look here,' said the cook, ' what I'm thinking of is this — what's this here woyage about?' There was. a short silence. ' Whether,', continued the cook, ' ghosts is to be believed in or to be: denied of, I don't mean to take a band in searching after them. IE Johnny here ain't' a liar, that parson there's gone and bought ihis hooker 'Bpresaly to find ont a hisland on which something that came, to him when he was a-bed said it lived. I for one did not Bign for a job of this kind, and my opinion is that we ought to speak to the captain, and larn from the captain bis3eif whan his motives arq,' At this moment Stone, who had been eating his supper in the cahiu — the last meal on board ship ia always called supper, though ashore it would .be called tea— came on deck and took a tarn or two along the gangway, firat casting a glance .aloft, then running his eye round the sea till he came to the " sinking sun that was then a truly glorious spectacla of flame and colour, inso much that the mere reflection of it in the aea yielded a score of shining arid exquisite tints from the burning red on the horizon to the delicate amber that came Bifting through tha water to the Bchooner's side, where it died out and left the Bea on the port beam a rich violet. This the old sailor stood gazing at for some momenta with the sort of revereuce iu hia tace that tha grandeurs and beauties of. nature excite in plain and simple minds, after which his eye waa taken by the craw talking together on the forecastle. It was immediately evident to him that tbey had got under weigh with some topic of more than usual interest, and observing that tbev all looked towards him as if they hsd >» mind to speak, he quietly walkad forward with a careless glance at the foretopsril, as it his idea was to see that all was right that way, until he came to the windlass- end, wbere he stood lightly, looking rouud him. ' Mr. Stone,' suddenly exclaimed the cook, 'could yon tell us what this here woyage ia undertaken for?' ' Undertaken for !' answered'Stone, startled by the abrnpthess of the question, >»n«i also at a loss, instantly noticed by the toen, who exchanged glances. ' Why, way. d'ye mean jo.Ray..yon_doa'c_,remembfir._wiiar._vou.sianed ' Yes,' replied the cook ; ' I signed for the woyage from the pore of London to a hisland in the Indian Ocean arid back. We was to go out and return in ballast, arid I understood it wur to be a sort of pleasure ctuiss, a kirider yachting job.' .'That's it, Micky,' exclaimed Goldsmith, who of all the men had apparently been ren dered the most uncomfortable by Johnny's story. ' Well,' cried Stone, ' and who's said it ain't to be a sort of pleasure cmise, a kinder yachtin' job as you call it, eh? What d'ye suppose the object is — piracy ? If that were it you may leckdu we'd need more muscle than what's to be got out o' the likes of that suet,' pointing to the . fat arms of the cook. 'Tell ye what it is, Mr. Stone,' said Breeches. ' We've larno that th-re'a. some thing soopernat'ral,' as the sayin' is, in the paraou's intentions, and though I don't believe in ghosts myself, I'm not agoing.to help in any job I can't see daylight through.' ' Ghosts?' cried old Stone ; ' what are you talking about? Who's been a jawing to you about GHOSTS?' ' Callin' names and insulting of people ain t ana werlrig qiies tuinB,' said the cook viciously. Will you please tell ub what this ere woyage is undertaken for ?' The men agaiu noticed the disconcerted expression in the old chap's face. He glanced aft, and observing that Mr. Fortescue had left the deck, motioned to Hiram, who was watching the crew as though he had now guessed that something more than mere 1 yarning' was keeping the fellows together. As the captain walked forward in strides as long as a tragedian's, the eye would have been taken by the lovely eea piece of that moment, the airy splendour in the west, the velvet-like blue in the east, tbe ocean line going round in a soft Bweap of iodigo till it met the dying glory where it was reflected, the Bails of the schooner standing brilliant as white plumage against the pure windward dusk, the little crowd of men forward where the windlass was, and where the foremast rose yellow, with its black shrouds aud snow like cloths, to the golden shining ; and the sand-coloured deck aft tenanted by a solitary (igure at the tiller. ' "What's the matter?' said Hiram. ' Why,' responded Stone, 'here's Bill Breeches akin' if there ain't aomethiog soopernatural in this woyage ; talkiu' about ghosts and the likes of such staff ; and here's Micky Anson inquirin' what it is he Bigned for?' , — ML— .'.JL, eaps-ii.-answsretr the cook, ' and I likewise know what I didn't sign, for.' ' Look here,' interrupted Hiram; 'what's the matter? That'B what I want to know.' ' Well, I'll yer what's the matter,' responded Breeches ; " yon an' the parson an' Mr . Stone here had a private conversation in the cabin at noon.' ' Well !' thundered Hiram. ' Well,' continued Breeches, easing down hia defiant manner a bit, in the teeth of the skipper's resolute frowuiug stare, ' we onder- stand that the parBon gave you a varaion of his reason in bnyiri this wessel and sailing of her to the Hindis. Ocean that was as unbeknown to you and Mr. Stone as it was to us ' ' Welt !' shouted Hiram. ' Well,' proceeded" Breeches, ' what we are informed is that a gboat appeared to th» parson arid wrote down a hisland and said she was upon it, and she begged of him to come by hopening-her arms out to him, and hat's why he bought the Bchooner. I tell yer.' said the man, waxing defiaut again, and seeking, encouragement in the looks of the men around him, 1 that I don't believe in ghosts,; I don't know no'heu about 'em, and don't want to ; . but we're agreed that parsons are people as may get hold o' notions which plain sailors would rather not help 'era to carry ont, d'ye see. capt'n, aud if so be — -' Hiram and Stone had been staring at eRcb other. The former at this point yellsd out : ' Who told yoa that we had a private con versation in. the cabin ?' The cook said. ' Johnny.' Hirain stretched forth his long arm and collared the.. youth, with fingers like steel h 'okY ' How did yer know we had a private conversation in the cabin ?' he roared. Tr>e l<idV knee knocked each other as he : replied : ' I- was a bit tired and I tamed into "the spare bunk, an' when yoa an' the parson iiri' the mate come" down, I— I lay still— not choosin'— bein',; afeardTrit' I jhi:-' l- ? Jt1- WaB- bound to come", and for d long minute Johnny was cutting wild capers Jo. and. raising boiB- terd'us shouts' over, iC'rogrilar- downright old- fashioned ropes-ending all of the olden time. qThe -i crew; accepting - this as a matter of .course, united; with impatience for. Hiram to recover hia breath. The first words he said were : : ' B.-seche3, you're an old fool.' \- VWhat.u'ye call me that for?' cried the' man. . 'Out of politeness, you old Bcararaoucb. Why, if I was to give ye all the names yon deserve, you'd have more titles than- the Emperor of Cheney. To tb'iok of a man oE your age tatkin' about . ghosts ? Why, what do you call yourself ? A uan !' : . -- i 'What's ibis here woyage about?' - de manded the cook, - 'About!' exclaimed Hiram, with extra ordinary scorn, ' abont ? Triink of a cook — a c-iok— asking nautical questions and ex pecting answers 1 Look here, my lade,' -and let Breeches and Micky listen to me: The Werulam was a Heast Indiernan ; she was burnt in the Hiudian Ocean ; there wa9 a lady aboard of her as Mr. Fortescue was to marry. He dreamt that the . wessel was burnt, and that the lady who .was in one of the boats reached an island that Mr. Stone here was castaway upon.- He disbelieved his dream till he heard that the Bhip had been burnt;, and then wben he comes to larn that tbe island he dreamt abont was a real place-and tbatStone knew it, hesays tohimself, "This here "vision, may have come from Heaven. Who knows since what I dreamt was true that the lady I see in my dream npon thiB island mayn't hactually be there? I love her; alls was to have been my wife; I'll epend what money I've got iu a schooner and sail to this here island, and I'll trust.to Almighty God. 'if to be my dream's correct, that we sha'rit be.'toolate to preserve her lite." My lads, what's onreasonable in this?' \--Wi- — KlOUin tGRl wan LOW UyOIi Lbc flea and Bky was a good light to study the faces of the men in a3 they listened to Hiram for it deepeued every line and added another , shade to the bronze on the cheek, though it had its mellowing inflaence, roo, specially noticeable iu old Stone's face, whoso earnest ness was softened into pathos by it. 'Thera are husbands among ye, I daresay, continued Hiram, ' and some I doubt not haa sweethearts ; besides, ye're all English ay, even Micky . Anson's English, and if there's any man here as considers Mr. Fortescue's de termination te Bee if the end of his dream, ain't as true aa the beginning proved to be — if there's any man here as can sue anything aooperuatural and notonderstandable in the gent's seebin.' of his love, whore ho .bslievea her to be cast away, tben all I can say is, he must be the onnatnralist character and tho worst scowbanker as ever signed articleB for a lovely ship and a beautiful woyage.' Thus speaking be ran hi3 eyes over the men with a challenge stare at each. 1 Then ye mean to say,' observed Breeches, ' than what Johnny took and brought for ward's a lie!' ' Yes — a fie as big as he i3 ; a lie as big aa you and him and the cook is,' cried Stone. ' What's your idea of the clergyman's hintel- lecfc that you shoaid suppose he's capable o£ goin' a ghost huntin' ? D'ye suppose that an. educated man like him, a man that Sunday after Sunday teaches folks with ten times more brains than you, thinks that they don't know notheu about— d'ye imagine he's to ba set right by tbe likes of yon ?' ' Tuere was nothing meutioned about our seekin' the island for the purpose of takin' the parson's young woman off it,' exclaimed Duck ; ' there was nothing said abont it in the articles - (TO sb CONTINUED.) . 