THE BED THAT COULD NOT BE MOVED. i Br W. W. FENN. I was always influenoed by coincidences, presentiments, and strange, unaooountable e tales. I always enjoyed reading or hear ing of them, and for years aspired to be the hero of one; - Houers of relaxation without a good sensational tale or ghost a story were shorn; of half their restful I ban-,it. OTccourse I knew all the tricks of the ghostly. romancer' by heart ; I was up. to all his ancient houses, tapestried chambers, 'old pictures, fuIrniture, secret, panels, and the like; but they amused -ms none the less, and at one time my only wish was for some personal ex perionee amongst esnh surroundings. It \- .never ame,. however, and when at last there did happen to me a startling ad-. venture, it was amidst oironmstanoes the o most. prosaic and commonplace, having for a background nothing more romantic and I weird than a newly-erected suburban and 'Jerry.built' house.. Yes, it was in such an nopromising place, and under most matter-of-faot conditions, that I passed through an experience of which, even to this day, I cannot think without a shudder. Not that it was a ghostly form of the" terrible, and, though unnatural, i could not be said to be supernatural; bus it was sufficiently appalling to be classed with 1 any roniance of dark deeds and singular r escapes. My business took me entirely out of the I region, of romance. I had never had ai chance of passing a night in' a haunted 1 house or room, and, as my studies .in i that direction led me only to look in sueh places for what I -hoped -to find, I I. was perhaps less prepared for what t happened. It came about . in this fashion." The Volunteer movement had just commenced, and I, like other able bodied youngsters, enlisted in the cause with' considecable enthusiasm. Five-and-twenty. years ago, those who had more money and leisure than the rest were naturally thought the Littest to undertake commands, without S.much regard to anything else. Here and there exceptions, however, were made to -this unwritten rule, and I was one ofa these, for certainly. I had no money. I do not want to appear egotistical; but I had a turn for soldiering, was smart, quick,.: and fairly well set up, I soon acquired pro" fciency sufficient. to justify quick promo. .lion, and ere long I found myself captain of my company.. It was said I had the making in ms of a good soldier. I obeyed to .the letter, and expected others to do the same. Authority, however, was often disputed on parade:. The position of an officer, therefore, who knew what he was talking abonu, was not always an enviable one. Mine was not, for I am hasty and jeppery, and seldom meaeured my words to the rank and file; but in the main I do not think I was unpopular, and I certainly had no idea that I was sowing the seeds of 'vengeful ill-will. One young fellow there was, however, who displayed a very tur baulent spirit, and perhaps I might have doubted him. But after one or two one seemly disputes, in our relative capacities of anptain and private, he, like others of his temper, left the corps, and I utterly forgot his existence and his name. After two years, the persistent cold shoulder turned by the authorities of the War Offio towards the velunteers, as is well known, had a very cooling effeat upon their enthusiasm. Many of the regiments dwindled visibly ; the earnest men bocame disgusted, and the indifferent threw up what little interest they might originally have taken in the movement. I was amongst the former, and when by decrees the numbers became so reduced that the whole affai was fast growing farcical, I, too, resigned, and retired for a while into private life. Regret fully? Yes, for Ihad grown fond of soldier ing. Still, I saw that, unless the movement was placed on a very different footing, the position of a private was far preferable to that of an officer; .lndeed, was the only becoming one for a citizen-soldier to hold. This feeling led me eventually to join another corps in that capacity.. I enjoyed the shooting, the exercise, the drill; refoeing all offers of promotion, content to play the humble and obscure part of an amateur Tommy Atkins. When the third year of this service was drawing to its close, there came round a certain Easter time, bringing with it, acoording to custom, the Volunteer Beview. I cared littleforthese militarypromenades, eon. tributing, as they then did. to little else than pomp and vanity; but I thought I would attend this one, which was to be held in the anelghbourhood of Goldehester, mybirthplace, away up in the Midlands, but to which I had mot been for eighteen years. I thought I should like to visit the old and once familiar spot. I heard it had improved and grown into a large manufacturing town, and I was curious, if not sentimental, on the subject. My fin-res, however, were low, and, although I knew I could go inexpensively enough for the three days with the regiment, I wanted a longer and more uninterrupted time at the place in order to give my curiosity, and such sentiment as I had, full play, So I determined to spend a week in the town on the cheap, and join head-quarters when they arrived there. A large, wild, and open tract of heath and moorland, for whiob the neighbourhood vwe distinguished, offered a splendid battle-ground for the amateur soldiers, and this, in former days, had been a favourite haunt of mine, ,Now, I was told, the suburbs of Goldchester extended nearly to the skirts of this moor, and I seltled that I would try and find a lodging on that side of the town. Well, I a?tived on the Monday afternoon :. aeeAding , the Good Friday, and made straight to carry out my intention, but when I had threaded my way through . what were formerly the limits of the town in the direction of the moor, I simply lost myself. Grown and altered, indeed, was everything, with lines of new streets, tramoars, and bustle, where once had been green. lanes; but eventually I got clear ol these 'and found myself in the new suburb. Theontsklrteof manufacturing towns are seldom so dheerfol and pretty ao the-e happened to be, and although there was an unfioished look about the most receatly. built streets and rowe of houses, and at 'though those were in themsolves somcwhat mean aed essentially Jerry-boil,' they were not exactly ugly. Their intrueionepon the greenery of Nature had spared many :oe trees and elustera of trees which, intermingling pleasantly with the bricks and mortar, veiled and soltened the inherent obtrusniveness of the pretentious arehiteoteral lines, A fairly boadi and pretty river, willow- fringed and rush-marglned, likewise lent considerable attraction to the district through which it wound in many a pie toreeque sweep and bend. The row of hourre, .in one of which I took up my abode, bstced on to this river, down to the bonks of which ran little narrow strips of gardens, from the rear of the buildings, whilst their woaod, charaeter afforded a bright and cheerful ont look from the windows, Thare were not "oore than half-a-dozen dwellings in Ohester Terrace, as it modestly called itself, and w hen I firs came upon it andaw the words, \- Apartments for a Single Gentleman,' in the window of an ond hoene, I detorminesd ..a ones to negotite dor tbhem. Iu?n2ed . tere o?·.. .. ... .. . : '. ,. , , . was no ahoice,for. at the nextdooetbe.t.n only other occupled tenement-there was r nothing to let ; the row did not appearto I have been finished more than a few weeks. The landlord was at home when. I knocked, and a braes plate on the door informed me that his name was Oaretaek, engineer and a surveyor. The next door, too, number five, had another plate on it with the name, I ' Mr. Raphaelt Cartaok, Surgeon, eto.' In a reply to my inquiry, the engineer begged q me to walk in. He was effuasively polite, but his voice was harsh, unpleasant, and not without a faint foreign accent. 1 ' Would I beeso good as to look at the f rooms?-on the first floor, back and front. He vws sure he would make me comfortable. I His daughter in-law was an excellent cook I -she lived next door with her husband, and came in and out to attend upon lodgers.' . The terms being low, I went upstlairs to inspect. A comfortable sitting-room with bed-room adjoining behind, both simply but neatlyfurnlshed; the bed alone calling for any special mention. It was somewhat I peculiar-looklng, from being very lo #, iron without hangings, and for a single person, I agreed to engage the apartments for th inside ol a fortnight. ' You have come to take part in our great military display, sir!' said Mr. Caratack, watching me as I stood my rifle in a corner and unelong my knapsack, for of course I was in uniform, and in heavy marching order-rather more heavy perhaps than became a soldier. 'Ah! it will be a fine display-good practice and excellent training. It is an admirable movement, this. My son is a Volunteer and a capital shot, but he has not much time-doctors are busy men.' I expressed satisfaction, and the voluble landlord continued : ' As you are here so soon, you will perhaps enter the rifle compeittion, which takes place this week on the moor. There are many prizes-some very valnable, and open to all comers, some.' 'Ah I indeed ' I said; ' Iam glad to know that. Certainly I shall go in for a little shooting. There should be an excellent range to be found on the moor.' ' Oh i yes, first rate, sir; but excuse me, you seem to speak as if you know the place. You are, perhaps, no stranger!' ' No; I knew Goldehester years ago.' 'Roally! Do you know many of the inhabitants?' * No; I sunspect not now. Most of those I knew are dead, and others would not remember me.' 'It is long, then, eince you were here? Many years perhaps?' continued COrstaok, inquisitively, and eyeing me furtively. ' And your name, sir? your name might be known, if not yourself.' ' My name is Garratt-Richard Garratt,' I answered, ' but I doubt it any of my family are to be found in Goldoheeter now.' He appeared struck by the name, started at it' almost, and then regarded me more curiously than ever. ' But now, perhaps, you. will get me some thing to eat,' I went on, a little bored by the man's curiosity and manner. I had rapidly made up my mind that I did not like him. He had a sinister aspect and a bad face, though he was fairly good-looking; dark, aboul sixty, and decidedly not wholly English. The effect my name produced on him set me wondering if I could remember his as connected with the town. and after a bit 1 did seem to recover a dim memory of it. Yea; it certainly was associated somehow with my early days, but too vaguely to give me a lead as to any ciruoomstances connected with it. I am naturally taciturn, and on his ocoasion I felt ununsually depressed. The return to the old place, the recollections it brought back, and she reference the man had made to my possible acquaintances in it, revived memories not exhilarating. So after awhile I went forth for a stroll while my meal was preparing. In the course of the ramble, I came across the head quarters of the local corps, where a placard announced, with the full partionlars of the rules, entries, etc., that the prizes for the Grand Rifle Competition on Goldstone Moor were 'now on view.' I read, became interested, and went into the building. I determined to enter myself at least for the ' All-comers' ' Prize-a handsome silver-gill goblet, with a parse of twenty sovereigns, and there it stood amongst others on a sort of counter in front'of me. I thought I should like to pull that off; it would be. very acceptable, and I was prepared to back my skill. I did so, by paying the nebessary small fees to the attendant, had my name and that of my corps entered in the offcial list of.competitors, and then looked over it. Amongst them was the name of Baphael Cartask, donbtless that of my landlord's eon, the doctor. The shooting was to take place on the two following days, so I determined that I would not give way to the sad memories which the neighbourhood revived, and that I should infinitely prefer two or three days on the open, breezy moor, after all, to spending them in wandering about the now, to me, lonely streets. Everything was satisfactory and comfort% able at the lodgings, but the bedstead still attracted my attention. When stooping to look at it, I tried to push its head alose up to the wall ; to my amazement I found it could not be moved. The short legs were riveted to the floor. Was there ever such a queer arrangement! And what could be its purpose? It stood isolated, faceing the window, but, as I say, not with its head close to the wall; the space of a foot at least was between. Well, I could not make it out, .eo I turned in and slept soundly. I may note thata seoond door in the room appeared to communicate with the next house, but had no lock nor any sign of fastening on my side. It seemed to be a fixture, solid and without any apparent means of being opened. The next morning I could not refrain from questioning the young woman-the daughter in.law-who served my breakfast, about the bed. She appeared unable, certainly nn. willing, to erpatiate on the subject. It was some invention of her father's; he was always inventing one thing or another-esh didn't understand them. A comely, intelli gent, but sad and seoared looking woman, neat, handy, and attractive, hut not quite of the stamp ons expects to find in the wife of a medleal mao; nor did her oooupatlon harmonise with her position. A she wase about to leave the room she glanced bank at me, and, putting her finger to her lips, saIld, lowering her voice: ' Don't ask about that bed, sir. Don't I aseem eurprised at it. Take my advice.' Then, walking close up to me, she whis? pored : .'Keap good friends with them-my ifather and husband I mean.' Startled and surprised for a moment, I did not speak, and she was again about to leave the room when . nallpd her, back peremp torily. ' What do you mean'J I asked. ' I keep gooad friends with everybody, I hope; your Sfather and hveband are not likely to give me cause to break my habit, I suppose !' 'I hope not; but they':are dangerouas to I quarrel with.' 'How long have yon been married !' 'Not aix months, and I wish I'd never seen him.' ' Does your husband ill-treat you ?' ' Not quite that; very near. Bat 'm n fraid of them both.' Tearawere starting in hereyes, and she eosmed on the point of unborthening her t mind further when a footstep in the passage b oloe was audible, and she flw from the Sroom like a frightened hare. ' SoBaficiently mysterlous all this,' Ithought . 'and not reassaring. Imnaust keep my eyes d open.' Then, in anot quite comlortable It frame of mind, I prepared tor my shooting I expedition, shouldered my rifle, and in the , course of half.au.hour found myself one of 5 many stragglers who were wending their t way towards the ride-range, \- A bright and lovely spring morning, a, without wind, and with a soft. subdued; yet 1 elear light, It Wae allthat a good shot could a desireo. I do not linger to deioribe the SscaJne. The arrangements were orderly, and d conduated after the usual manner of auh \- gatheringh. Volunteers from various neigh t bouring corps made up, the equads ot r competitore for the various prizes ast varions d ranges. - Bomeware entirely composed of th , uniformsn.belonging to the Goldohester com pany; and two or three of these eventually f Ilia with the shootingparty for the all :, ..: , . . ', : . .!? ? . : .names. ad _ qualiflotiones attesesd, andlour ii ridfes duly examined, after the customary loose and happy-go-lucky system, or want of system, which was adopteodin those days, we Ii marcheod to the range in charge oat a militia sergeant, and went through the preliminary I stages of the competition. " All this I peae over.- It is enough that, in the course of the afternoon, I.and 'three r others stood out as the four highest snorers, qualified to shoot off the last stage. Three othere, and as their names were called out, II noted that of Raphael Carstaok. One look I left no doubt that he was the son of his i father-so like him as he could stare-and stare he did at me considerably. Nor' did I I fail to return his gaze, for it had gradually' grown upon me that I knew his face. At I last I caught it, but only just before we had I arrived at the critical moment of the contest. I He and I had made the two highest scores I out of the four with a tie, ansod were about to shoot it off, at eight hundred yards. He was to fire firet, and as he dropped on his knee in position, he gave me about as malioious a look as human eyes are capable of, and it was that look which told me where I had seen him before. He was that young reoalcitrant fellow in my old company who had insulted me on parade five years ago! Surely an ominous coincidence this-our being brought together again under these circumstances and in more direct opposition than ever I Whether his temper, stirred by his old animosity and increased by our present position, affeoted his shooting, I do not know. But in his five rounds he failed to score what was possible by some three or four points-the consequence being that I went in, beat him easily, and was pronounced winner of the prize. The venom in his eyes, it to needless to say, was not diminished after this, nor did any civil effort of mine at conoiliation affect it. I thought it better not to refer to the past-he appeared to do the same. The few words we exchanged referred almost exclusively to the business on hand; and although I made some reference tomyhavingtakenupmyabodennder his father's roof, he ignored that fact, being too much occupied in the meal he was making off his own heart with disgust, mortification, and hatred of me, for having. enatohed the goblet and the twenty pounds from his grasp. As the end of the day, as I returned to the loigings, I thought to myself : ' Well, whatever hie young wife may have meant, fate has ordained that I should fly in the very face of her advice I' I had quarrelled most effectually with one member of her family, and by no fault of my own. As bed time arrived, my mind naturally reverted more than ever to the girl's reticence about that immoveable bedstead, and I gave it closer examination. This showed me that the logs dropped into little sockets or holos In the floor, and could not belifted out of them. This looked as if it might be connected with the room beneath. Then what was beneath ? Merely the ground floor back-the landlord's sleeping apart ment. The window overlooked the garden behind. Spring twilight still lingered in the sky, and, as I looked out, I saw father and eon down at the end of the garden among the bushes close to the river. They were both attentively regarding my window at the instant I drew up the blind. When they saw me they faced round, as if disliking being caught spying. There was nothing in all this, very likely ; yet after what had passed it was not to be overlooked. Again I soon turned in, but did not sleep well. At first I was strangely restless, ,and later heavily drowsy and dream-troubled. Young Caratack and his father appeared to be stanaing on either side of the bed, and then one became my own father-long dead. Then they both stooped over me, and they both had my father's face close to mine. Then I was out on the moor by the butts firing was going on, bullets whizzed round my head; one struck me on the arm. and I saw in the distance that it had been fired by young Caretack. He was aiming at me again I In my frantic efforts to get under shelter I awoke. This sort of thing seemed to go on more or lees all night, bnt when up and dreseedI did not feel much the worse. There awaited me on the breakfast table a somewhat bulky envelope, containing a large letter forwarded to me by my landlady at home. to whom I had sent my address the night of my arrival in Chester Terrace. As I was about to tear the outer envelope I noticed that it was soiled, and on a closer scrutiny it looked very muah as if it might have been damped and opened after it had been stuck down. Yes,. it certainly had been tampered with. Again, I fancied that the enclorere,a long blue envelope like alawyer's, had been treated in the-same way. How.. ever, I did not stop 'to consider, for I was ignorant of the handwriting and curious to learn rhe contents. I was not accustomed to receive lawyer's letters. Well indeed might I have been curlous, for the "doooment announced that, most unexpectedly, a certain valuable property, aetually in Goldeheater itself, had been left me by an uncle just deceased. It had belonged to my father, but, through some irregular tehnicality in his will, had not devolved upon me at his death as I knew it ought to have done. Ten years ago I had had a lawsuit about this property. and lost it. And now here it was bequeathed tome I My uncle and Ihad quarrelled over it, and had not met for years. I did not know till this moment even where he had been living. And now it turned out he had lived and died in Goldohester, and had been buried the day before my arrival. The letter otme from a local lawyer, had been sent to my home,and forwarded thence to me here again at Goldchester. Stranger still, and yet Atill esranger-the property consisted of the very land on which this new suburb, with Ohester Terrace in the centre of it, had been built, This diseovery, arrived at only after close and attentive perusal of the letter now in my t hand, literally took my breath away.: The bare facts here condensed must be accepted as sufficient, briefly to explain a very com. plicatedbusneleas. Beu they are the facts, and that is all that is wanted. I did not spend that day at the rifle range, as may be gueased. It was mainly passed in the solicitor's ofBoe, and with him in visiting my unole's residenee-a new house reaently built on the estate. A thildless, lonely, non loved old man, the soliaitor seemed to have beennearly his only friend, That gentleman, in the course of our long confabulation, told me many things concerning him ; one matter especially adding oonslderably to the curious cooinocl denoes which had already assoolated me with the Carstacke. It seems that my unele's will, by which I inherited, had Sbeen made four years previously, butn that about a week before his death, he had had 0another drawn, which he, fortunately for me, had not signed. By It-he. had left that natable setate to none othsr than young. Mr. Baphasl Omactabk, thb. doator' who had been attending him ever since he settled in Sthe nelghbourhood. ' ' "*He a sharp, knowing fellow, that,' said the rlawyert,. * and equired great in Sflonene over your naele. I am only saurpted that he did not take oa?e to see that' the will was executed. Idrew both up the don ments, and have them in my possessilon, and I was daily expeeting to be summoned to the old gentleman with, his second one,' that he Imight sign it. It is strange how people ahange their. minds.. Four years ago, when She was first ill, your unole was keenly anxlous that you should have the property-made you his exeontor with me-told me he Sregretted having availed himself of the legal inaccuracy, which gave it to him instead of Ito you. Then this young doctor got hold of a him, mesmerised him, as one may say, I sup. a posee, for a while, and induced him to alter g the disposition of his wealth : andyetthe old man soalt not make up his mind to dise, if possess yoo. Anyway, you have nolhing to Ssthank the dootor for-nor he, yen, for the matter of that-there will hbe no love lost Sbetweena you.'. : ' No, indeed,' I exclaimed, and then I ra. 4 counted to the solicItor my oxpsrigntas Of s the Carstaor an.i.y. S.'.Yes,' he said, 5it is very odd, eertainly, h that you going there at the lodger, ahonld \- aoltuPally, while under their roof, be trans I formed into the ground landlord of the whole istale.'. S. .Wel,' said, I think Ishall ,move my t~rapa. The sooner I got awaythe. bater Snow, remembuaing what MIrs, Raphbel Oar. astack said:; for, luttiog alone the shaollog : pis--ia I suold nld ohbave-mors thiougohl inourred':.the doetor'eaan~imosity than 'by eatting him out of the property.' ' Perhaps it would bhe: ea well,' said the lawyer.' for, to tell, yon the truthb,: neither r father nor son is; quite beyond luspicion. 1 The elder man originally lived in a very low t part of the. town, and eamer there no oane exactly knows when or why. There is a rnmoutr.tat ait one time in his life he was , kept in retirement for his :aontry's good, and although hie son is fully qualified to practise, it as said that, as a medical student in London, he was connected with some professor of mesmerism and spirit. rapping, a charlatan who had to make himself searoe, I should never he astonished to hear that this fellow has to do' the' same some day. He has little or no practice-seems to bo very needy, and I have heeard that he and his father took these two adjoeioog houses in Cheater Terrace with the idea of establishing a sort of meesmeric hospital, or something of that kind. The bed you mention, probably, is some scheme in that direotion. ' What dons he certify my uncle died of ?' I asked sigalficantly. 'Angina Petorie ; but I believe that's all straight enough. It would have been Carstsck's policy to have kept him alive as long as he could, or until that eeoond will was signed.' Farther connideration determined me, now that money was no object, to move to one of the hotels; but the three best were quite full, owing to the influx of visitors and volunteors for the review. Four other attempts to get into second.olaee ilnn failed for the same reason. 'Then I laughed at my weaknese. What had I to fear at Chester Terrace ? Baiog there, there I would stay until the review was over. My co-exeoutor the lawyer and I dined together that night. We decided that I. should say nothing to the Oartaekse an the serious way in which fate had mixed the young doetor with my affairs. I would wait and see if they took any notice of it. The father let me in, handed me a bhamber candle with his nusual politeness, but made no reference to the matter, and I finally went to bad, sleeping fairly well. But the following night-the Good Friday Eve matters came to a climax indeed, Nothing particular oceourred at the distribution of the prizes, which took.place in the afternoon. I received mine from the hands of the Mayorese of Goldohester, and brought it home. Mr. Raphael Caretack did not show up, and his father told me apologetically that he had a patient to see at a great distance, and probably would not return home till the morrow. The fellow oatentatiously inspected and admired the goblet, eyed the puree cunningly, and congratolated me. Naturally I liked him less and less the more I saw of him, and now that bed.time had again come round, I had a greater distaste than over for my situation. But for the lateness of the hour, I really think I would have gone oant and hired a bed at any common publiehouse. But mt I mt pass over the conflict of feeling .with which, abount midnight, I lay down for the last time on that bed that could not be moved. The silence of the house and neighbour. hood was entirely undisturbed. The moon light shone dimly through the half curtained window. I was tired, and all but my troubled, misgiving spirit seemed pro pilious for sleep, and to sleep I went in time. How much of what' followed was dream, and how much reality-except the end, which" was real enough, heaven knows l it is impossible to determine. But here is my experience. As had occurred two nights before, it seemed to me that the father and son were on either side of the bed, bending over me, but always with my own father's face.in each ease; but not, as previously, creating any distress in my mind. Their presence rather had a soothing effect now than other wise; so soothing that, after a while, I dreamed that they were sending me to sleep; and I know no more of how long I so re mained, or what happened in the interval, until-well, until I found myself plunged into the ice-cold water of the river at the foot of the garden, swimming for dear life to the bank ! I am no psyahologist, and do not pretend to explain what mental condition I had passed into ; but the end of that condition, whatever it was, is simply that I was aroused from it.by finding myself in the midst of.the deep, flowing river, the fall moon shining bright and high above my head, glittering on the water and revealing all objects as clear as day. Fortunately, I was a good swimmer; otherwise I must have been drowned. As it was, after the plunge-bow taken I knownet -I same to the surfaee wide awake enough, as may be supposed, and, before I had time almost to be surprised, was standing safe on the shore in my night-drees. Then snoh a turmoil of amazement, incredulity, and breathless wonder, not unmingled with terror, took possesesion of me that, for many minutes, I could only lean, panting, against a tree. Ere I had in the least steadied my mind, the two Caretaoks stood beside me with out-stretched hands, proffers . of assistance, and wild expressions of surprise and horror. .'Good heavens, sirt' they cried, simul taneously, 'what has happened! What have you been doing! You most have been walking in your sleep i' I could not ansewer, and the elder con tinued: ''We heard your door open; my son had just retarned, and we were sitting talking. We beard your door open, I say, and your footsteps going downstairs; 'we heard you unlock the back door and go out; and when you. did not come back after several minutes,'. we thought it so' trange that we both came out to look for you, and f then we suddenly saw you standing here I What can 'it mean? Pray come indoors., I Let us help you.' Still bewildered, but gradually recovering somewhat of my presence of mind, I hurried with them back to the house, into the land. lord's front room, where there was a fire. I Nothing could be more solicitous than their Sbehaviour. The young dosto; gave me some brandy, and they both aetively helped to dry and realothe me. SIt would be impossible to recount in detail a tenth.part of what was said on either Shand. Suah a confict of astonishment, and a solicitudle, and attempts at explanation went ! on in wild and disjolnted expressions, that I suppose two hours passed before I went upstairs again; the ontoome being that there Sseemed no way of aesonuting for what had I happened save the. original one offored, t namely, that I had been walking in my sleep. 1 This Idonbted from the first. I had never rdone such a thing before-knew perfectly Swell I had never Dean subjeet to som a imbolism; . m The bed merely looked as it would when une 'leaves it after restless leep, and the loaekless Silde-door ihto the next house remained flm shtit. The priae purse, however, with its atwenty sovereigns, whlh: I had plsoed in \- my trousers poeket, hbad disappeared I The d garment had been brought to me when a dressing hbelow stairs, and the money might Shavfeillen out there. But I was too shaakened e and fatigued to distress myself further then, a so I dropped into the esasy-ehairin thaesitting a room. \- Tue- spring dawn soon began to brealk- Sall was perfeotly etill onoa more, and I was buglsnn(ng to dsze, when the very faintest I sound of a footstep on the landing aroused me.-) The door opened, and Mrs. BRaphael entered, more soared and feara.etrloken than e I cannot see murer done,' she whla.. Ipored hrreldly, as she came tip-toe Stowards me. ' Leave this house. He made you do what he wished, I have heard him I boast of such thinge. Ie madb you walk of yaour own asoord Into the rlirer, hoping *you would drown. They little thought I I was watehlog. I dare not stop to explain if loould. They might hear me, and would serve me the same-they will make 'away I with me some day, I know. Promise not to I- let out what I say-only don't trtst that bed asoai anmd on't speikf cu. Fromiseltobe I vainly tried to detain her as she then r flew from the roeom,' nd I. h?ord'her, 'a few Sminutes later, lighting th fire down in the g kitohen with an dateantationsof'naida " , y Ii ajiciI a?SIb id tsksp?t'd, then ! Th extraordinary.-condituon whion hid. over taken . me .was .due to some mysterious trickery connooted with that bed-some magneto.elstria 'hanky-psaiky i whioh this young doctor might have bseems an adept through his former association with that spirit-rapping impostor spoken of by the lawyer. That was my conolasio. as soon as a had time to pall my wits together. Want the precise nature of the.prooess was, no one, ,probably, could say. Nor, for the sake of the .poor woman, would I inquire too ourionuly-at least, not for the present. Equally for her sake I had abstained from askling Carstack about the bed previously. Nol I would quit the house forthwith, hut without, if possible, arousing suspicion, and, if possible, wi:hout encountering these two villains again. Therefore, I employed the next hourin quietly packing my knapsack and bag, ote. At seven o'olook I went downstairs, feelingenre that the men would be asleep, and talling quietly to Mrs. BRaphael, said : 'I am going out, but shall be. back to breakfast at ten.' Then I hurried away, fielly aceoutred, and reached my friend the lawyer's before he was up. An explanation followed, and we decided to send one of his clerks to pay what I owed in Chester Terrace, and to say that I was unexpeotedly prevented from retorning. Thus I passed the Good Friday, and, considering all things, settled to give up the review and return home on the Saturday, and did so. My changed fortunes implied a hbanged life, involving much business. Whatever views I might have formel for ultlmately looking farther into my mys terious experience, and, if possible, of punishing the culprits, were never aorried out, for the simple reason that, within a fortnight, letters from my solicitor contained the following .information : 'Your friends, the Oarataeks, are in trouble. The wife of the younger was yesterday morning found, dead in ter bed, and there is so much mystery, I am told, about the oause of her death, that father and son lie under grave anepicioe. Later on, the following osme to hand: 'The inquest has failed to solve the mystery. All the doctors could say was that death had arisen from failure of the heart's action, though how caused, there was no evi dence to show. A verdiot to that etent, therefore, was returned. But that there was fohl play somehow may bh inferred from the feet that the two Carstaoke have bolted. One does not know exactly yet what is going to be done with their belongings. Mean. while, an examination of the two anouse has led to the discovery of an electrio battery of great power placed directly beneath your re markable bed and connected with it; whilst wires from it were aendouted to another bed in the doctor's houso exactly similar to youre, and on which the poor woman was found. I am not scientific, and do not pretend to ex plain the working of easuch mysterious forceo ; but these discoveries have been sufficient to indune the authorities to issue warrants for the apprehension of both men, on the charge of contriving the death of young Mrs. Cartasek.' They were never caught-never heard of again at Goldchester. This was in 1864. Last year I paid a visit to the States. and, in a prosperous town, far away in the. West, a dootor had established himself, who pro fessed to effeot wondrous seres by electricity and mesmerism. A pamphlet, issued by him, on the quack doctor pattern, fell into my hands, In it I read, amidst a mass of impudent verbiage, his argument to the effect that, as electricity was a marvellous agent in curing hysteria, epileptic fits, etc., so could it be turned to useful account as a great mesmeric curative agent, on the principle of like curing like He urged that soothing, beneficial trances could be prodnuced by the patient reoliningon a certain bed, which he had patented, and through which galvanism could be applied after the'manner in which electric baths are given. Need it be said that these words struck me ? I took a look at his establishment, and found that it called itself ' The Mesmeric Hospital,' condouted by Dr. Gableton. But as strange colnoldences seemed destined tobe aseociated with this matter to the last, I happened, whilst gazing at the house from the opposite aide of the street, to observe a middle-aged man some out, un'whom I had no difficulty in- recognising, despite the lapse of more than twenty years, Mr. Raphael Oaretaek: He did not see me, and, as I was passing through the place, I did not think it my business to trouble myself with him or his doings. But the fact makes a significant end to my story, which, perhaps, would not have been written but for it.-"All The Year Round." ,,, s m 