ART EDUCATION AT THE NATIONAL GALLERY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-We have just visited the exhibition of the pupils' work at the above establishment, and cannot help echoing the sentiment or generullj- feltgrutificiitioiiut the solid progress made by the pupils in the various stages of study. In my) own case, however, the feeling is not one of complete satisfaction, but, I regret to say, is mingled with some consider able concern, arising from a consciousness of a great luck in a matter which is of minutely) greater importance to the colony than high art, and., "industrial art," provision for which has again this your been entirely ne- glected, and studies in connection with which are still conspicuous by their absence. After viewing a multitude of drawings from the antique, exercises in painting represent- ing still life, objects, trophies, landscape, portraiture, and original historical composi- tions, mining great industry, indomitable perseverance, and well-directed effort, one is tempted to ask, if this Bill'. Is there nothing in the increasing manufactures and industries of Victoria the ironworks, tim potteries, the chasing, the engraving, the die sinking, the modelling, the wood and stone curing, house decorations, and the thousand and one requirements in all that beautifies-to command attention: Are the requirements of this great and im- port at colony in the matter of industrial art to he tims continuously and persistently overlooked.' Of the hundreds who pass through the present course of study at the library, only a small percentage will rise above mediocrity-, and occupy in the future a profession and to one who so occupies pro bull) from 1 to 200 will be required for art as applied to lunnuiaetures, Can we, therefore, afford to ignore this great need? in former years I have been permitted by your kind invent to indicate the wants of the colony in the matter of industrial art, Mr. lolmgabyis doing good and proper work in his department, but what we want is a thorough provision for industrial tuition. Along with Mr. Folingsby should be associated for evening work two other gentlemen, one as an architectural master and the other an instructor in ornament, to whom-might, I was going to say most certainly ought to be milled in muddling master. All our principal schools in the United kingdom are thus furnished. '1 but our central Melbourne school, with its line casts of figure and an ornament, he., should he only so partially provided in the matter of tuition, is not much to our credit We are continually being reminded of the Technological Evening Schools." All I have to say in reference to those schools is that they are the greatest care under the sun, and the merest apology for what is wanted, in the name of all reason, what is the value of one night a week to men who are earnestly calling to become skilled artisans.' The central school is the place to which we have a right to look for lulequ its provision in this matter, where men may be able to study from the very commencement, and go through the whole course, is not -out li Kensington, and prosecute their studies for at least four or late nights a week. Above all, then, let us have a proper beginning there, and it will very soon become a centre around which young men and others in earnest to improve themselves will soon fall), and all the meantime let the one evening a week schools, most of which are in a precarious state-, give up the ghost. The above remark is intended to apply only to Melbuilriiu suburban schools ; the schools at the great centres, viz., ballarat, Clunes, Sandhurst, and a few other important places such as Brunswick, are , might be subsidised sufficiently to admit of their being kept open for at least three or four nights per week. J. P. I'KPl-OltCOUX. Caulfield, May 7. 