lucky Mr, Briggs. By WILLIAM WBSTALL, Author oi 'Larry Lohengrin,' 'The Old Factory,' ' The Phantom CSfcy,' &c; PabxL On a fine morning in the month of June, 187—, Mr. and Mrs. Briggs sat down to break fut in the tatte d manger of the Hotel de la Paix at Geneva. Being early, and having a choice of places, they had taken a small table —at the suggestion of the head waiter— in a part of the room which commanded a view of the lake, the Rhone, and the Alps. A northerly wind, fresh bat not too sharp, had dispersed the fog that shortly after daybreak bad somewhat obscured the prospect, and the «nin-1it«r 'Af/iMt TllavtA 1v(*tibaf1 Tin Ko o.n Tm» ? . ? i^wj *.^w-v. a^m.ww, *u^**w-* **1T * --™-™ ? ? clouded sun, was showing himself in all the fulness of his splendid proportions— white, dazzling, and majestic, 'Yon's Mount filank, waiter, isn't it?' wked Mr. Brigge, pointing his finger in that direction. ' Yes, sir, that's Mon Blon,' answered the waiter, as be bustled oS to fetch Mr, and Mrs. Briggs their cafe' au lait. 'Isn't it grand?' observed Mrs. Briggs en thnBia6tically. ' It just looks as if were med o1 blank mange' (by which the lady probably meant blanc mange). 'Well, I trer' thinking it looked uncommon like a mountain o' fresh deviled cotton. By gUDQjit 'ud be worth some brasB if it wor.' 'Wouldn't they stare at it i' Bolton?' re marked Mrs. Briggs, disdaining to notice her husband's last remark, which she deemed rather Coarse. 'Aye, and they'd see it, too, if it were clapped atop o' Kivington Pike. And look there, what a lot o' good water's running all to waste. It 'ad keep some bleach crofts going, yon would.' . ... At this moment the waiter returned with the coffee. 'Is this all as you're going to bring us?' asked Mr. Brigtre, with a dissatisfied air as he surveyed the table, on which there were placed, besides the oofiee and milk jogs, a few rolls of bread, two pats of butter, and a small jar of honey. 'Th' bread looks very nice, bat I'd like summat a bit solider.' ' We generally serve only cafe' au lait, or tea and bread, for first breakfast ; but if monsieur would like some meat or eggs, or an omelette, they can be prepared in a few minutes.' ' Well, what shall it be, Mary Ann?' said Mr. Biiggs, appealing, as gentlemen are wout to do in such circumstances, to his better half. 'Whatever you like, Sam; I'm not par tickler.' ' Well, then,' observed Mr. Briggs, trne to bis British instincts, ' we'll have beefsteaks. Waiter, bring two beefsteaks.' 'Yes, sir; anything else, sir?' answered the waiter, who had served part of his apprenticeship in London. 'No, I think that'll be all. Stay, yon may tiring ob two o' three potatoes, if you have any xeady. And look here, waiter, has owt been teard o' my portmantle?' ' JSfo, sir. You can hardly expect an answer yet, sir. It was only last night that Mr. Tneschmann telegraphed to Paris.' And the waiter went off at a ran to order the beefsteaks and potatoes. 'If I may tell you what X think about th' pottmantle,' observed Mtb. _BriggB,inatone of reproacb. 'you'll never seeit again. I never knew such a thing as to tak' it to th' wrong office 1 mat way. 'Oh, we'll get it reet enough, youilsee. I alluB wor lucky about them tblnga. I never lose owt. And if I did tak' it to th' wrong flop— what then *' haBn't mony a one done th' Eame ?' *- Why didn't you ask?' ' I dar'say ! It is all very fine axing when yen cannot talk. Bat you've no call to werrit, Mary Ann; th' portmantle 11 be heard on afore t' day's o'er, tak* my word for it. We got that shawl as yon lost i' Lnnnon, and when I left my topcoat i* that cab i' Paris, didn't th' driver bring it back th' day 'fter ? X allns wor lucky, and never more bo than when I wed thee, owd lass.' Mre. Biiggs, appeased by this gallant speech, emiled graciously, and poured oat for her husband a cup of coffee. They were more than half way through their beefsteaks and pommes sautit, which Mr. Briggs declared to be ' tip-top, and no mis take,' when the indefatigable waiter, with a look of importance, placed on the table a yellow envelope. ' Behold a dispatch for monsieur,' he said. 'Didn't I tell yoa?' observed Mr. Brigga triumphantly to his wife, as he laid down his knife and fork and broke open the seal. ' It's about that portmantle,' Bat it was not 'about that portmantle,' and as Mr. Briggs read his ruddy countenance turned deadly pale, his lips trembled, and beads of perspiration started on his brow. 'What is it, what ia it, Sam?' exclaimed Mtb. Briggs, turning also pale, for she could Bee that the missive contained evil tidingB. 'Oh, Mary Ann. it'B about Betsy; she's took ill — she's very bad. What shall we do ? We man go borne at once.' 'Let me see, let me see,' said Mrs. Briggs excitedly, snatching the telegram from her husband's shaking hands. A tear trickled down her cheek as Bhe hastily ran her eye over the ill- omened message; for Betsy, whom a few days before she had left at Bolton healthy and happy, was the youngest of her children, the flower and favorite of her flock. Hardly able to believe her own eyes, she read it a second time, Blowly and pain fully, dwelling on every syllable and almost BpeUinsLpvery word. As she read on her look of Borr*V changed into one of bewilderment, then of indignation, and, throwing the un lucky paper angrily on the table, she ex claimed with a withering look at her husband, 'Why, it isn't for us at all, man, and it isn't Betsy as is ill, it's Bates ; look here. And if s frcm somebody called Jones, and we know no Jones, Where's th' henvelope?' Mrs. Briggs was quite right. The telegram was signed 'Jones,' and the name mentioned in it was 'Bates,' though the 's' being written with a long tail — as is customary with Continental writers — it did not look unlike ' Betsy.' Mr. Briggs picked up the envelope, which he had thrown on the floor, A more careful scrutiny showed that it was addressed to Monsieur Biggs, a name that in the hurry of the moment be might easily have mistaken for bis own. He had, therefore, every excuse for opening the envelope; but his wife was very indignant that she should have been mads the victim of his blander in confounding Bates with their Betsy, and she expressed her sense of his stupidity in language more forcible than elegant. She bad never had such a turn in all Her life before, Bhe eaid. If yon had touched her with a feather she was that 'took' that ehe would have fallen oS her chair. What could he think, ehe demanded, to read the thing that careless as not to see it came from somebody of the name of Jones, and what had he learned to write for if he could not tell the difference between Bates and Betsy. Mr. Brigps, thus objurgated, had very little to say for hinnelf, so he turned to vent bis wrath on the waiter, who had caused all the trouble by bringing him a message clearly meant for somebody else. Just then his eye was caught by the figure of MonBienr TrieBchmann, the proprietor of the hotel, who was coming towards them with another yellow envelope in his hand. 'What's up now?' said Mr. Briggs, in a puzzled voice, 'I'll be hanged if there isn't another o' them things.' 'I'm afraid there has been some mistake about a telegram, Mr. Briggs,' said- the land lord, who spoke excellent English and was par ticularly attentive to his guests. ' We have a Mr. Kiggs staying here, and he seems to have got a message meant for you, while you may possibly have got the one meant for him.' 'Is this it?' said the other, exhibiting the telegram he had opened, ' Monsieur Biggs; yes, this is it ; and th\s one I believe, is tor you.' 'It seems to be,' observed Briggs dubiously, carefully scanning the address before opening the envelope. ' Here, stop a minute,' he called cut to M. Trieschmann, who was making off with the other message. 'This is a darned thing in French as I cannot react a word of. Would you be good enough ? ?' . 'Cer^aly, with pleasure. It's from the Chef dd^are, the stationmaster at Paris, to say that your portmanteau has been found and will be sent off by the express to-night. You may expect it here by eleven o'clock to-morrow morning.' 'Thank you kindly, sir. What a fine thing it is to understand two or three languages as yon do, Monsieur Trieschmann; I wish I could. And now, Mary Ann, what do you think now? Didn't I tell you as the port mantle 'nd torn up all reet? I alias wor lacky, 'Aye, more luckier than clever,' answered the lady eharply, for she was far from having recovered f iom the shock of her husband's un toward announcement. The latter, not being prepared with an im mediate answer to this home thrust, and thinking, probably, a change of subject de sirable, fainted that it was about time they were taking their contemplated drive in the direction of Ferney, and intimated that if Mrs. B. would go upstairs and ' pat oa her thingB,' be would go and order a carriage. While this is being done, and our hero and heroine are on their way to Ferney, it may perhaps please the reader to be informed who they are and whence they come. Mr. Brigga, known to his familiars as ' Sam Briggs,' is a cotton waste dealer from Bolton, of some five and fifty years old, stout, broad built, ani with a ruddy, good-humored face. His hair and mutton chop whiskers are white, and he spsrt* a white hat, which he is ' fond of wearing slightly on one side. His origin xb of the humblest, and he owes' his success in life en tirely to his own industry and thrift, though a? regards thrift he has been admirably seconded by his wife. But Sam Brigga is enterprising as well as industrious. By dint of judicious buying and selling daring the American war be made a considerable fortune, and, what is i far more remarkable, he managed to keep it. Shortly before his appearance at the Hotel -de la Paix he had retired from business in favor of his two sons, and one of the first uses : he made of bis liberty was to pay a visit to the Continent, which he had long had a desire to ate; for though rather rough of speech and somewhat unrefined in manner, Mr. Briggs was by no means devoid of intelligence, and people who tried to take advantage of his seeming simplicity generally got the worst of the bargain ; moreover, as he himself said, he was often greatly befriended by lack. Besides Betsy, whom they had left in charge of their house at Bolton, Mr. and Mrs. Briggs had a married ' daughter, wife of a cotton-spinner, who regularly every year presented them with a grandchild ; and as their elder son was also married and the father of a numerous progeny, (here was little probability of the race of Briggses dying oat, or of the head of the family being under the painful necessity of leaving his fortune to the Bolton Infirmary. Onr travellers were highly delighted with their drive to Ferney and Gex, and along the foot oi the Jura by Divonne and Coppet bask to Geneva; they returned towards their hotel at 6 o'clock with ravenous appetites, and did fall justice to the excellent dinner provided for them by mine host of the inn. When the meal was over they seated them selves in the corridor of the hotel and listened to the strains of a magnificent muBical box provided by the landlord for the delectation of Mb guests; while Mr. Briggs regaled himself with an excellent cigar, which he enjoyed all the more that he had bought it at the astonish ingly low price of three-halfpence. The sigbt around them was novel and inte resting. Visitors were walking, singly and in groups, about the corridor; some were sitting at little tables sipping coffee, others were play ing bagatelle; people were coming and going ; gaily-dressed ladies were promenading with knickeibockered gentlemen} through the swinging doors could be seen skiffs shooting about on the river ; steamers were coming and going, and the huge mass of the Shone, swollen by the melting of the Alpine snows, rushed arrow-like under the Font dp Mont Blanc and eddied past Rousseau's Me in the soft light of the setting sun. Mr. Briggs was contemplating tbiB varied scene with serene satief action when he suddenly received a dig in the libs that almost made him swallow all that remained of his three halfpenny cigar ; and the partner of his life, with a look of horror, directed his attention to a small table sear them at which were seated two ladies. One of the ladies was middle-aged, and wore garments of sober hue ; the other wab young, fair, and fashionably, almost flashily, attired. At the moment Mr. Brigga set eyes on them the soberly-dreEBed one had just handed to her companion a lighted match, which the latter was in the act of applying to a long cigarette, delicately poised between a pair of lovely lipa, 'I never eaw such a thing in all my life, Sam,' whispered Mre. B. to her spouse— ' never ; she's no better than she should be, I'm Bure she isn't. I thought you Baid this was a respectable house ?' 'And so it is, one of th' respectablest in Geneva.' 'Nonsense! Uow can it be when such as them's here ?' It should be remarked that Mrs. Briggs was a strict chapel goer, and plumed herself on the extreme correctness of her moral prin ciples. ?'Well, it is rayther stiff for a young woman to be smoking in hothells i' that way. I'll ask the landlord if he thinks it's a reet thing to do." No sooner said than done. Beckoning to M. TrieBchmann, who was dose by, Mr. Briggs asked him if he received ladies into his house who carried on 'i' that way.' 'How?' said the landlord, not seeming clearly to understand him. ' That there lady as is smoking, what ? ' 'You want to know who she is ? That's the Princess Vera Blatchemkoff, daughter of the EusBian Prime Minister ; the other is her lady in waiting,' ' Goodness gracious 1' exclaimed Mrs. Brigga, ' and do you mean to say as Prince Blackem oS — him as I've seen his name in th' papers — lets his daughter smoke?' ' Certainly ; Russian ladies nearly all smoke. The PrincesB Vera is a very amiable young lady, I believe.' ' Well, I never ! I couldn't have believed it if I had;not seen it. {Aside). They'll think we're romancing when we tell 'em i' Bolton, won't they, Sam ?— Is ehe staying here, Mister TrieBchmann ?' ' No, she is staying at the baths of Divonne ; she has been shopping in the town, and dined at the tabU d'h6lc. But^I beg your pardon, Madame Brigge, had you not better move yoar chair a little?— you are sitting in a courant d'air — in a draught — you will be taking a bed cold.' The landlord minced his words sometimes. Mr. Brigge/bn the ether hand, though able to speak fairly good, if not quite faultless, Eng lish, had been bo long accustomed to express himself in broad Lancashire that he often used his vernacular idiom without knowing it. 'What did you say about the bed being cold ?' he demanded (he bad caught only the concluding part of the remark) ; ' Fin sure it wur warm enough for owt last neet ; I know I wor gradely s welted.' M. Trieschmann looked puzzled ; he had not the least idea what sweited meant, bat guessed it was some sort of illness. ' Indeed, I'm very sorry,' he said ; ' was it very painful ? Is there anything I can do for you? There is a very clever English doctor here. Would yon ? 1' ~r.' A doctor J What for?' interrupted the retired waste dealer, puzzled in his turn. 'I thought you said you were ill in the night — that you were gradely swelted.' '' I did, but that isn't being ill ; it's only being grade— very hot— in a muck sweat — you know.' Even with this explanation Trieschmann did not seem much enlightened, but not deeming it discreet to cross-questioD his guest any farther he made a courtly bow and bolted to the door to receive a bevy of visitors who had jnet arrived by the steamer from Bouveret. 'You are Euglish, I suppose?' said a pleasant voice, with a slightly foreign accent at Mr. Briggs's elbow. Turning his head, the latter saw seated near him a short fat man with a heavy moustache, hooked nose, white teeth, dark eyes, and black well- oiled hair. 'Yee, I'm an Englishman; are you?' answered and asked the Boltonian. ' No, I'm an American.' 'You don't look like one,' observed Mr. Briggs frankly, 'nor yet talk like one, Ameri cans tokes through their noses.' 'A natwalued American I should say. I'm an Austrian, or rather, a Hungarian by birth ; but I was compelled to leave my country after 1849 for political causes, when I betook myself to the United States, where I have been living ever since. I am now on my way to Vienna and Pesth to see my kinsfolk. You aie travelling for pleasure, I suppose?' 'Yes, we're making' a bit of a tower, my mieeua and me. We shall set of! from here maybe to-morrow or the day after, and 'go to Berne, Lucerne, and two or three other place3 in Switzerland. Then we thowt of going into Germany a bit.' 'How singular! That is almost the sanie route we were proposing to take. We shall perhaps meet again. ' ' Like enough we may.' 'And if we do I shall be happy if I can be of any ueb to you. I know both the country and the language.' ' Thank you kindly ; we're always very glad of anybody to talk for us a bit, for we know naytner th' language nor th' country.' ''Well, then, in case we do meet again, sup pose we exchange cards— here is mine.' Whereupon the stranger produced an elegant morocco case, from which' he extracted an enamelled ' paBteboard' bearing the following inscription :— Friederich Ferdinand von Foo zielmwiecksky,' and handed it with gracious mien to the Englishman. The latter fumbled in his breast-pocket, and drawing therefrom a card, gave it carelessly to his new acquain tance. As Friederich Ferdinand von Foozielm wiecksky glanced at the address which it bore, his face assumed so curious an expression that it attracted the attention of Mr. Brigga, who, as he said to himself, ' wondering what was up,' took a side look over the Austrian's shoulder and saw to his dismay that the card he had given the Btranger was thus con ceived: — Solomon Sowerbutts, Dealer in Bag?, Bones, and Old Iron, Hole i' the Wall, Nr. Blackburn. 'That's a wrong un,' uttered tbe Boltonian hastily ; 'it's & chap as does a bit o' business i' waste with my sons. It had got mixed up with t'otbers. See, this u my gradely card.' Mr, Briggs, who had a keen eye to economy, had utilised some cf his old business cards for private use, and the one he gave to Herr Foozielmwiecktky in exchange for that of Mr. Solomon Sowerbutte ran as follows, the centre line being half erased : — Sarnl. Briggs, Dealer in Cotton Waste, Bolton. 'I'm not in business now,' remarked Mr. Briggs apologetically, '? I've given it up to my sons, but I thowt it was no use having freBh cards printed to come abroad with, so I've made shift with these old nns.' 'And they do very well, I'm sure. So you have retired from business— made yoar fortune, I suppose?' 'Well, we have a little bit o' summat. I mean we've as much laid by as will keep as comfortable while we live, and be a nice nest egg for th' lasses when we've gaon— lads can look after thersells— besides, they're getten th' business, and there's not a better i' all Bowton.' ' I'm very glad to hear it. I wish I could say I had made a fortune; but I'm unfortu nately not in trade : I follow the calling of en gineer, and shall be glad if I can make a Email competency by the time I reach your age.' 'Well, there's waur things no* a small com petency.' 'Yes, half a loaf is better than no bread. And now I mast say good evening, for I'm going to the theatre. If we do not meet again Eere we shall perhaps meet in the Bernese Oberland, or in Germany. Yon will pay a visit to Dresden, of course?' 'I expect so. Dresden's down in my— what do you call it, in my itinerary. Mr, Savings— that's a travelled gentleman in our puts— Mr. Bovings said we must on no ac count miss Dresden. And then I think we shall go on to Prague, and from there to Vienna.' ' About when do yon expect to be at Dres den?' ' In about a month, I think.' 'Good; ni look oat for you. And now I must really leave you; I see my wife waiting for me outside. Good-bye, a pleasant journey. Hope to sea you again soon,' 'A very pleasant spoken gentleman. I'm glad we have made his acquaintance. That's one of the advantages of going abroad — you make new acquaintances,' observed Samuel, quoting a sentiment that- he had onoa heard ex pressed by Jus friend Bovings. 'Very,' answered Mrs. B. MI think foreigners is freer in their manners and politer than English folk. What did ha say his nams was?' ' Here it is, he gave me bis card — Friederich Ferdinand von Foozle — Foozlum — Foozlum- whisky — aye, that is it, Foozlumwhisky, and a foo' of a name it is, too. I've heard o' Scotch whisky, an' Irish whisky, an' English whisky, an' malt whisky, an' potato whisky, o' whisky 'otand whisky cowd, bat this is the first time I ever heard o Foozlumwhisky. I wonder at folks having such awkerd names.' 'Maybe he cannot help it; it wor ten to one Mb father's.' 'He could change it, couldn't he ; 'specially if he's been so long in Amerlsa.' ' We cannot judge o' foreigners by wersells,' replied Mrs. Briggs sagely; 'it's happen thowt a nice sort o' name where he comes fro.' 'Happen, bat it would bother 'em i* Bowton if they seed it on a signboard.' Our travellers, following the lines laid down for them in the Bovings itinerary, journeyed through a part of the Bernese Obarland, made the tour of the lake of the Four Cantons, and stayed a while at Zurich, Berne, and Lucerne. They were highly delighted with all they eaw, and in the hotels and elsewhere they met so many English and English speaking people that their ignorance of the language of the country caused jbhem no incon venience worth naming. Their principal, al most their only, worry was in the matter of soap. They were always leaving it behind them. The first remark made by Mr. Briggs on being shown into their bedroom at a new hotel was generally, 'Drat it, Mary Ann, we've forgotten th' sooap again.' And then he would perform a vigorous pantomims by way of letting the chambermaid know what was lacking; for though every male creature in a Swibb hotel, from the proprietor to the b3ots, is nearly always more or lesB aquainted with the Englith tongue, the female domestics are not often equally skilled. Henoe, when Mr, Briggs wanted soap he was compelled to rub his hands _ energetically together, aa - if he were producing a lather, and then apply I them to hie face as if he were washing it, which actions he would emphasise by pointing to the water and shaking a towel in the won dering Zimmermadchen's face. If the young woman was quick of apprehension she wonld give a knowing nod, vanish, and in a few minutes return with a lump of scented soap — price one franc. But Swiss chambermaids, not being invariably of preternatural sharp ness, it did once or twice happen that a girl, alarmed by Mr. Briega's gesticulations, rushed incontinently to the landlord or secre tary of the hotel and informed him that the English gentleman in 122 had gone mad. This was quite satisfactory to Mr, Briggs, however, for it brought somebody oa the scene to whom he could tell his wants without pantomime ; and by some means or other he always succeeded in getting his soap. After many guesses and surmises Mr*. Briggs and he came finally to the conclusion that the absence of soap from Continental bedrooms arose from its dearness, and that its use was restricted to the cleansing of dirty linen — a theory; to which the lady considered the small capacity of the chamber crockery lent additional probability. As she gravely remarked to her husband, folks who washed their f aceB with the damped corner of a towel no bigger than a pocket handker chief, and dried them with the other corner, needed neither much soap nor big basins. Our travellers did not, however, see quite aa much of Switzerland as in the first instance they had intended to do. Mrs. Briggs was one of those persons who are never happy unless they are elightly miserable, and who, in the absence of real cares, find it necessary to their comfort to create imaginary ones. The incident of the wrongly-delivered telegram at Geneva had suggested to her all esrts of alarming pos sibilities. Betsy («o ran her thoughts) might be took ill after ali, for she had grown fast and was not over strong ; and Alice (tier eldest and married daughter), who was ex pecting an ' increase' (as she generally was), might have a bad time, and Jane (the cook) was that clumsy and okerd that she would not be surprised to hear any day of her having set th' house o' fire, or scalded herself to death, or let th' kitchen boiler blow up, 'and as all this way off,' as Mrs. Briggs plaintively added, after enumerating all these and several more conceivably impending calamities to her hus band. The latter, on tbe other hand, was en joying himself so much, and liked Switzer land so well that he would willingly have stayed longer and seen every place marked down in hiB plan of travel. He did not share in the mis givingB of his wife, and his confidence in his lack, whieh bad stood him in such good stead at London, Paris, and Geneva, was as strong as ever. Nevertheless he so far yielded to Mrs. Briggs's importunities as slightly to shorten what he had described to Herr von Foozielmwiecksky as their ' bit of a tower ia Switzerland' by at least a week ; and a month after they had made the acquaintance of that gentleman in the Hotel de la Paix at Geneva they arrived at Komanshorn, on the Lake of Constance, and took their passage to Lindau, the Bavarian port and rail way -station on the opposite side. Among the passengers on the boat by which our Boltonians crossed over were several other English tourists, some of whom Mr. Briggs identified as Londoners. ' How dun yo' know aa they're Londoners ?' asked his wife, when he communicated to her this opinion. ' By their twang, to be sure ; just hearken to 'em.' 'This being the Lake of ConBtauce,' was saving one of the supposed cockneys to the other, ' the town of Gon&tance; is somewhere in the neighborhood, I imagine *' 'Yes, it's in that direction,' observed cockney No. 2, pointing westward. 'I was just looking at a map ; but I do not think we can see it, it's too far away.' 'Let me see,' said No. 1, as if trying to recall something, ' Did not something once happen at Constance — some great man was either hanged or burnt alive there 1 Oh, yes, I remember now, it was Luther — Luther was burnt there by order — yes— by order of the Council of Constance,' 'Luther!' interrupted the other, 'what are you thinking about, Robinson ? How could it be Luther ? Luther had nothing to do with Switzerland— it was Calvin. Calvin was the leader of the Reformation in Switzerland — what a memory you must have, to be sure 1' 'Perhaps you are right, Jones. Now I think of it I believe you are right. But it was the Council of Constance that ordered bun to be burnt — you cannot deny that, Robinson.' 'Who wants to deny it?' answered RobiDBon, with a touch of scorn in his voice. ' If Calvin was burnt at Constance, does it not stand to reason that it was done by order of the Council of Constance?' 'That's summut new to me,' observed Briggs thoughtfully to his wife in an under tone. 'I never knew afore as Calvin wor burnt alive at Constance; they didn't tell us that when they showed us his pulpit at Geneva.' 'Them Londoners is maybe mistaken, Sam.' 'Well, I don't know; that little red whiskered chap tokks as if he wor uncommon cock sure about it. Onyhow, 111 find it out when we getten back to Bowton. Til ask Mr. Tnbthumper — he's a parson, and it's hia business to know. But aren't we at far end ? Yon'a Lindau, I think, and that's train wait icg for ub. Let's get wer things together and make leady to land.' Pabt II, Leaving Lindau by the train which, as Me. Briggs tightly conjectured, had been waiting or tbeir, our travellers, whose adventures ia Switzerland were narrated in the first part of this veracious history, went on to the ancient and picturesque city of Nuremberg, which they made their first halting place in Germany. Having been recommended by the proprietor of tbe Scbweizorhof at Lucerne to put up tA the Drie Krone (Three Crowns) Hotel, they proceeded tbither accordingly and aeksd for a bedroom. The hotel secretary, who was a very pink of politeness, preceding them upstairs, led the way into a large chamber on the second floor, As touching chairs, tables, carpetB, and mirrors it was handsomely furnished, bat when Mr. Briggs saw the beds he started back in dismay. They were about the width of babies' cribs, and very little longer. ' Is them all the beds as you've getten ?' he' exclaimed in a voice of mingled indignation and despair. The secretary, thinking he was not satisfied with the apartment, asked if he would like to see another. Mr. Briggs answered that he rather wonld. The secretary thereupon con ducted him to the opposite side of the house, and showing him a still larger and more finely furnished room, enquired with a profusion of smiles if he liked that any bettor. 'Th' room's reet enough,' replied Mr. Briggs, 'so is f other. It's them beds I'm thinking about. .How is a man like me— I weigh welly nigh eleven score— to lie in a thing like that, no bigger than a craddle, andit's waar than a craddle, for a craddle has sides to it, and thoBe beds has not. Han you nowt elsef ' I am really very sorry, sir, bat we have no larger beds than these. No other sort is used in Germany.'* 'Well, if I lie i' one o' them I shall want rouping in.' Suddenly to the secretary, 'Han yon any rooups, Mounseer?' 'I beg your pardon, sir,' said the secretary with a puzzled air, as he tried to develop from his consciousness the meaning of 'rooups.' 'Have you any ropes?' repeated Mr. Briggs slowly, and in his best English, 'to rope as on with when we go to bed to keep as from falling off and breaking wer bones.' ' I understand now, sir,' broke in the sec retary with the look of a man struck by a happy thought, ' but I think we can manage better than that. We will put two beds close together, and then they will be large enough, don't you think, sir?' 'For one, maybe, bat not for two.' ' For one, of course, that was what I meant, sir.' So Mr. and Mrs. Briggs occupied one room and four beds in the Three Crowns Hotel at Nuremburg, and at all the houses of entertain ment at which they subsequently stayed daring their Continental wanderings (where the beds were of equally Lilliputian dimensions) they . insisted on a similar arrangement, and thus became known far and wide as the 'four- bedded couple.' The next stage in their journey was Dres den, where Mr. Briggs found awaiting him at the Hotel de Bellevue a letter from his bankers at Bolton containing some circular notes, and another from home with the satisfactory news that all was well with their children and grand children, and that Mrs. Filcradle, their married daughter, had just rejoiced the heart of her husband by the production of her seventh infant «rm'- The day after their arrival, Mr. Briggs, ac companied by the boots of the hotel to show him the way, went to Thode's Bank in Wilds ruffer Stnsse for the purpose of melting one of his circular notes. When his business was dispatched he was shown by one of the members of the firm into a spacious inner room, wellfurniBhed,and supplied withanampleassort znent of English newspapers, and courteously informed thatsolongasharemained at Dresden he was free to use it as often as he liked. So he sat down and began greedily to devour the Times, for Mr. Briggs was a strong politician and an ominivorons reader of newspapers. He was deep in the thrilling description of a desperate murder, when he thought he heard bis name spoken. Looking up in some surprise, who should be see but his quondam acqoaia tance, Mr. Eriedexich Ferdinand von Foozielm wieokeky, who instantly came forward, shook him warmly by the hand, and expressed tiie greatest delight at their opportune meeting, ' X thought I Bbould find you or hear of you at Thode's bank,' he said. 'All the English and Americans come here sooner or later. And where are you staying? Ah, at the Bellevue ; a capital house; you could not have done better. We are at the Saxe. How is Mrs. Briggs? How do you like Dresden? Have you seen any of the collections? Not yet. Then if you like we'll visit them to gether. I've seen them all before, of course, but it's so many years since that I shall be glad to see them again. The picture gallery is the finest oat of Italy, you know, and tbe Green Vault contains the most magnificent jewellery, gems, and articles of vertil in Europe. And I'll tell you what— as it's so fine we'll go to night, if you like, to the Grosse Garten— we can get supper there — there's a concert, and Wagner will play some of his best pieces. What do you eay— shall we go ?' 'Aye, to be sure, let's go. Bat what is it like, this Grosse Garten— a concert-room did you Bay ?' ' Oh ! dear no, it is a large garden— a park I daresay you'd call it in England — quite a fine place— tall trees, grass, fbwers, moonlight, music, chops, steaks, beer, and all that sort of thing. You'll enjoy it amazingly, I'm sure you will.' ' All light, 111 go and tell my missna, and then 111 take her for a bit of a walk out.' 'Well, look here, I'll go with you if you'll let me. We can perhaps arrange an excursion — Dresden is a capital place for excursions — or a visit to one of the collections, and then I'll fetch my wife, and we can go together, you know. But would not you like a glass of beer first?' ' Well, I do feel rayther dry — what sort of a tap have they here ?' ' You shall try it. Gome along, I know a place we'll go to — the Trompeterachlossen.' 'Tramp— trum — trnmpayterschlass — what's that when it's fried, Mister Foozlumwhisky ? Tbey have the moBt rummest namea i' this country as I ever heard on.' ' It means ? The Little Trumpeter's Castle.' See, here it is,' Eaid the Austrian, leading the ? way into a restauration, «j?er the door of which, was the sign of a herald on horseback. Inside they found a BpaciouB and well -lighted if somewhat old-fashioned room, filled with small tables, at moet of whiob. s$t thirsty Dresdeners restoring themselves wish i-eer and reading the news of the day. As Sir Brigga mentally re marked, nothing was b*icg drunk but beer — nothing either stranger or weaker. ' Zwei lager,' said Foozielmwiecksky to an attendant nytspb, as he and the Boltonian seated them selves near an unoccupied table. ' Zvxi lager — that means beer, does it ?' enquuxd Briggs, as the girl returned with two inameDBe crystal tankards with pewter lids. 'No, beer's beer, juet as in English. Taste it now while itB freah and tell me how you like it.' 'Stunning,' exclaimed Mr. Briggs, taking the glass from his lips after a long pulL 'Bith mon, 111 come here agean. What do you eay that they call it, Zisei lager 1— gradely good beer I call it. ' It's lager beer— the beer of the house— the brew — the entire, don't you see. One says lager for short. Zwei meant two, so that Zwti lager simply means two glasses of beer.' ' Oh, that's it, is it? Here young woman (beckoning to the waitress), Zvxi lager moor.' The girl understood, and taking the two glasses away brought them back filled to the brim with foaming nnt-brown neotar. Mr. Bripgs was delighted, '?There,' he said, 'I can order a glass of beer V German anyhow. If I wur to stop here a two or three weeks I should pick it up fast, I'm sure / should. It sounds very like rank Bowton when they talken it. A language isn't so hard to learn if you nobbut know it, I can see that. But it's time to be going. My missus '11 think I've lost mysel. What's th' choke, Mister Foozlum whisky?' The Austrian did not seem exactly to nader Btand. ' What's the joke ?' he eaid, ' I did not hear any joke made; I was not speaking, Mr. Briggs.' 'I didn't say oke,' I said choke. You happen don't know what th' choke means. It means what5 s th9 shot — how much is there to pay ?— because I'm going to be th' paymaster this time.' Foozielmwiecksky made a Blight show of opposition to this proposal, but he did not insist, and Mr. Briggs was allowed to discharge the reckoning, which, to his surprise, amounted only to about eightpence— half the amount, as he remarked, it would have been in England for beer not half bo good. They went to the Grosse Garten, and Mr and Mrs. BriggB's delight with the entertain ment and the refreshments (ordered by Herr Foozeilmwiecksky) was unbounded. They seated themselves round a large table tinder the widespreading branches of an ancient lime tree, and when the band struck up a lively air, and Kappelmeister Wagner came to the front of the orchestra and joined in with his silver bugle, a present from the king, and a bright young moon shone upon the scene with her mellow light, Mrs. B. became quite rap turous, declaring that she had not belieTed an vtbing could be bo nice ;-and Mr. B. informed Foozielmwiecksky (in an aside) that in his opinion not heaven itself could be more en chanting. This enthusiasm was probably in part at least attributable to the lager beer, of which they all drunk rather freely. They finished up the evening with a bottle of Saxon champagne, and only went away wben the last piece of music had been played and tbe lamps m the orchestra were being put out. Again Mr. Briggs insisted on paying the 'choke,' nor did he find the Austrian's objections to his doing so more difficult to overcome than earlier in the day. They drove to their hotels in the same cab, and before separating agreed to go up the river next day to Schandau. Mrs. FoozielmwieckBky and Mrs. Briggs got on wonderfully well together ; the former lady was an American born, though she spoke German fluently, and being very lively and intelligent added very mucn to the enjoyment of the party. For several days after their visit to the GroBse Garten the Briggnes led wbat was for them adecidedly riotous life. They were always going somewhere— to Pillnitz, to Koenigstein, to Locchwitz ; tbey went to see the Bastoi, and spent a glorious day at Moritzborjr, whither they drove in a carriage and pair. The even ings tbey generally spent at one of the gardens, or on the Bruhl terrace, where there was also a nightly concert, and Mr. Briggs .tasted the tap of almost every brewery in Dresden. He generally paid the reckoning, by way, as he thought, of making some slight return to Foozielmwiecksky for his trouble in taking them about and talking for them ; and, as far as aoney matters went, he put himself entirely into tbat gentleman's hands. What could he do else ? He knew as little of thalers, gross chen, and pfennigs as of the customs and language of the country. In these circum stances it was, perhaps, not to be wondered at tbat at the end of a week the proceeds of the circular note he had cashed at Thode's Bank bad melted away, and that he was compelled to cash another, This rather took the edge off hiB enjoyment, and caused him to inform his Austrian friend tbat lie had spent almost as much time in Dresden as he could well spare, and most shortly continue his journey to Prague and Vienna. ' Very good,' said Mr. Foozielmwiecksky, 'I am ready when you are. When shall we start?' i 'Suppose we uy the day after to-morrow.' 'The day after to-morrow let it be then. Yon want to make a halt at Prague, I sup pose?' ' I do. Mr. Bovings baa pat it down in my itinerary. He said it was one of the remark ablest places on th' Continent, and I should not like to miss it.' The last evening of their stay In Dresden Mrs. Briggs was occupied in packing up; the Foozielmwieckekys went to the opera, whither Briggs did not care to accompany them. Left in this way to his own resources, he determined to pay a farewell visit to the Grosse Garten. He had by this time picked np two or three words of German, and, having been there once or twice before felt quite sure ha could manage quite well alone. So off he set, and aa many other people were going in the same direction, and it was broad daylight, he had no difficulty in finding his way, and arrived safely at bis destination. The music had already begun, and sitting down under a tree he proceeded to con over and try to make out the bill of fare which he found lying on the table before him, thinking the while what he should order for supper. As he was thus occupied a waiter approached him and politely asked if he wanted anything. 'Zwei lager,' said Mr. Brigga, forgetting that he was alone and that zwei meant ' two.' ' Jch litte sie' (I beg yoar pardon) the man began. 'Bitter beer? No, zwei lager,' interrupted Briggs. 'Jah tcohl,' returned tbe waiter, thinking the English herr was expecting a friend. ' WoUen sie aueh essen?' Samuel, knowing that ettettmeant'somethrag to eat,' gave an appreciative nod, and pointed to an item in the bill of fare which he had previously marked in his mind as denoting a dish he might safely order. Bratcn hehad been told meant 'roast meat;' ein meant ' one ;' so in signifying to the waiter to bring him ein gibratener Huhn he thought he was ordering a plate of some sort of roast — what sort he did not exactly know, nor much care. The waiter being now more than ever sure that the Herr Englander expected a friend answered with his eternal Jah wohl, and went off at a run to execute the order. More than half an hour passed away, and Brigea, who was both hungry and thirsty, was beginning to think the waiter had forgotten all about bis glass of beer and plate of roast meat, when he beheld that functionary coming towards him with a large tray on which appeared a roasted fowl, as big as a small gooee, flanked by two immense tankards of beer, half a pound or so of fried potatoes, and a big loaf of bread. ' God bless me,' said Mr. Briggs to himself, 'the fellow has surely gone mad.' Then it flashed upon his mind that he had asked for zwei lager instead of ein glass bier, and the moment after it occurred to him that he might possibly have made a similar mistake in the ordering of his roaBt meat. The waiterplaced his tray on the table, and &b; there was just then a call for his services else wnere be had vanished before our Boltonian had sufficiently recovered from his bewilder ment and mustered up enough German to re queBt an explanation. So there was clearly nothing tor it, he thought, but to make the best of a bad job, drink the beer, and eat as much of the roast fowl and etceteras as he might. The Bhot would have to be paid anyhow, and he resolved to take all the value for his money he could comfortably stow away. Every eye was now directed towardB him. Germans for the most part are large eaters, and like to see a man feed well ; yet a single Englishman with a table, two tankards of beer, and a roast fowl all to himself was a sufficiently novel spectacle to cause general curiosity, and the people in Mr. Briggs'e immediate neighborhood save con siderably more attention to his proceedings than to the music of the band. But this sud denly-acquired notoriety did not trouble him much, and he tackled his ample suppar with Each energy, determination, and appetite that in a short time two-thirds of the gebratener Huhn and most of the potatoes had vanished from sight. Then he paused, poured down his throat all that remained of tbe second pot of beer, and f aeling thereafter tolerably well satis fied with himself and the state of things in general, leaned back in his chair and listened with much complacency to the enlivening 8 trains of the orchestra. From supping to sleeping there is only a step, and it was not long before the pose of Mr. Briggs's body, his closed eyes, and an occasional loud snore, showed that he was in a condition of happy oblivion. There he. re mained for a good hour or more, until he was aroused by Nemesis in the shape of the head waiter (not the same that had served him) asking for the payment of hia small account. 'How much— wie viel?' — demanded Mr. Briges. And not understanding the answer, he put his hand into bis pocket and pulled out a number of coins. 'Here; help yourself,' he said. The man did help himself — so effec tually indeed that only a few copper pieces returned to their owner's possession. ' Please remember the waiter, sir,' said the attendant, with an obsequious grin, using the only English phrase he knew, but which, on similar previous occasions, had produced re sults agreeable to his feelings. ** Aye, ' replied Briggs grimly, as he buttoned up his pocket and rose to take his departure. 'I'll remember thee when I get hooum, lad.' The concert was over, the lamps were being put out, and soon the park was plunged in darkness and silence. But our hero had marked well the path by which he had come, and experienced no difficulty ia finding his way back as far as the quarter known as the BurgerwieBe. There, however, he was at fault, and taking a wrong turning went a long distance astray before he discovered his mis take. Then he was sorely puzzled. People go to bed early in Dresden; the streets were nearly deserted, and there were no cabs about. He accosted several wayfarers, but did not succeed in making them understand what he wanted. They would listen to him with the utmost politeness, speak to him volubly in German (which might as well have been Sanskrit) and pass on. He next tried to retrace his ptepB, and, as he afterwardB said, ' went np and down all macks o' streets.' He thinks he must have walked at least 20 miles, when, utterly worn out and almost desperate, he sat down on a doorstep to rest himself. As he thus sat he perceived coming briskly towards him three or four men, seemingly young and in good spirits, for they were talking loudly, and now and then one of them would sing a stave or two of a jovial song. Our stray Boltonian thought this was an opportunity not to be lost, and rising, hat in hand (he had observed that Dresdeners were always either raising their hats or Bmoking, or both), he asked, in supplicatory accents — ' Could you tell me, please, which is the way nach the Belle Vue Hotel.' 'You are English?' said one of the strangers, all of whom also raised their hats, the moment Briggs accosted them. 'I am, and right glad I am to hear it spoken once moor. I've been walking up and down these streets a matter of two hours and could make nobody understand as I'd lost mysel'.' 'And you want to go to tbe Hotel Belle Vue?' 'I do.' 'Well, it's a long way from here, and I am afraid you could not very well find it alone. But I'll tell you what — I am an Englishman myself, and if you will come into this restau rant for a.few minutes, where we have to meet Borne friend.sY;Fll see you safely home.' 'Mi. Briggs~ joyfully accepted this timely oEer, and surrendering himself to the guidance ot;ii8 new-found friend, entered a dark passage a few yards further on, at the end of which waB a door, opening on an equally dark staircase. Up this staircase they mounted, and opening another door on the first floor found themselves in a large low room, the air of which was so thick with tobacco smoke that the objects and persons it contained were at first hardly discernible. Bat, if not very visible, the latter were not slow in making themselves beard, the appearance of the new comers being the signal for an uproarious shout, followed by a series of energetic handshakings, and, to the retired waste dealer's unspeakable surprise, embradngs, and hissings. As his eyes became accustomed to the obscurity, he saw that the inmates of the room were all young men, all were smoking long pipes, all had little colored caps stuckonthesides of their heads, and several wore long boots outside their trousers. The cheeks and noses of many of these inte resting youths were covered with sticking plaster, two or three had their heads bandaged, the faces of nearly all were more or less scarred; and one tall fellow, with a black patch over his eve, was making fierce cats in the air with a long rapier. Inquisitive, and as he thought bloodthirsty, glances were shot at Mr. Briggs through the smoke, and that esti mable gentleman began greatly to fear that he bad fallen among thieves, and he wished very much that he was in bed with Mrs.* Biiggs, or even sitting on the doorstep which he bad si) lately left. ?'Allow me,' said the young fellow who had brought him in, a chubby-faced, blue-eyed lad with lone boots, long scar on his left cheek and two or three more on his head, '' allow me to present to this honorable society my dis tinguished countryman (sotto voee to Briggs, 'What is your name, please?), Mr. Briggs, of Bolton. He has lost his way, and doesn't know how to find it; but as tie proposes to celebrate hie admission to onr merry meeting by paying for beers and champagne, I vote that we escort him to his lodgings with all the honors. la it agreed 1' 'Agreed, agreed, agreed,' shouted twenty voices. Then the chubby-faced youth explained to his countryman what was expected of him, and the latter, albeit rather ruefully, agreeing thereto, the liquor was ordered. 'What are they?' whispered Mr, Briggs anxiously to his companion. 'Eurschen— students. We are from the Mining Academy of Freiberg, the others are mostly from Leipsio, and we meet ben occa- . eionally 4ot intelleotoal conversation and a little relaxation from onr studiea. If a a sort of club, you know.' 'Oh, that's it, is it,' said the otter greatly relieved. ?' Bat what's the matter wi' yoar faces?' 'Those marks, you mean-? Tbey are only sabdhtebe—BcaxB got in fighting.' 'And what don yon fight with— knives ?' 'No, rapiers — swords — but we are not allowed to cut anywhere but the face ; there is no danger, you know. ' Well, for my part I'd a (rood liefer see yon fight wi' your kneaves (fists) than them long skewers, if fight you mon.' At this point the beer was brought in ; then glasses were filled, and the students, crowding round their guest, touched his glass with theirs, and drank his health with a hundred 'hocht' Next came the champagne, followed by more beer; songs were sung; Mr. Briggs tried to sing one himself, but broke down lamentably. After this sort of thing hai gone on for an boor or two the chubby-faced student -with the big boots suggested that it was about time they were escorting his distinguished countryman to his hotel. On this hint the bill was called for and paid, and the respectable Mr. Briggs Ballied forth into the night sur rounded by a score of reckless, harum-scarum, half-tipsy burschen. They went singing aod shouting through tbe streets, to the great alarm of sober citizens, numbers of whom roae from their beds and stuck their nightcapped headB oat of the windows to see what was the matter. More than once the roysterers were ceased by the police, and escaped only; by dint of dodging and hard running, on which occa sion Mr. Briggs was forced along at such a rate that be feared every moment he would drop down in a fit of apoplexy. At length they arrived before the Hotel Belle Vue, whereupon tbe chubby faced youth end another bursoh led onr hero op the steps— for he really re quired leading— shook him warmly by the band, gave a terrific ring at the door bell, and then rejoined their companions, who, as the astonished porter admitted the belated Briggs, Baluted him with a warwhooplike yell that almost frightened the poor fellow out of his witB, and so startled the landlord that, thinking all of his guests were being murdered in their beds, he rushed to the alarm bell and rang it like one possessed, a proceeding which, had the effect of. bringing on the scene ia hot haste all the gendarmes and fire engines of the quarter. A terrific row ensued, to the great delight of the burschen, who, after dispersing in various directions, returned to tbe hotel, mixed with the crowd which had already assembled, and were profuse in their offers of assistance to work the engines and put out the fire. Under cover of the confusion Briggs crept quietly off to bed, but he never remembered exactly how he got there. He awoke in the morning with a terrible headache, and as he opened his eyes he encountered the still more terrible looks of his better half, who told him he ought to feel ashamed of himself — carrying on in that way at bis time of life — whatever he was thinking of she could not tell— where had he been and wbat had he been doing? she asked, and cruellest question of all, how much brass had he spent? Fortunately for Brigga the packing up, which was still going on, took so much of his wife's attention that the storm soon blew over, and a cup of tea, followed by a few Bodas and brandy, restored him to hia wonted spirits, if they did not quite cure his headache and settle his inward qualms. But he never forgot his last evening in Dresden, the Grosse Garten, the burschen, with their big boots), plastered faces, and intellectual conversation, and, above all, the nice little reckoning they made him pay for beer and champagne, the amount whereof he haB never disclosed even to his dearest friend, much less to the wife of his bosom. Oar travellers left Dresden tbe same day, as arranged, and arriving at Prague in due coarse took up their quarters at the Schwart/er Ross— the Black Horse. They visited the principal lions of the place, passed a whole day in the wonderful Hradschin, wandered about the quaint streets of the historic city, and admired the wonderful views from its walls, Mr. Briggs was delighted to observe several tall chimneys vomiting forth clouds of black smoke and the industrial uses to which the river Moldau is so extensively pat. The number of mills and manufactories on its banks pleased him greatly— he eaid it was like being at ' huum' — they had got to a place at last where there was some life. Then they started for Vienna. When the bill was called for at the Blade Hone Mr. Foozielmwiecksky, in the most natural manner possible, asked Mr, Briggs to let the whole amount be included in one reckoning, remark ing tbat he had directed his remittances to be sent to Vienna, and that, pending their arrival there, he was just a little short of the needfuL 'All right,' said Mr. Briggs carelessly. 'Take this 500 thaler (£75) note and settle, and get th' tickets at th' railway. You can give me wbat change there is out in th' train, and t' other can stan' o'er till we get to Vienna.' The tickets were taken, the luggage regis tered, and, th&nks; to the address of Mr. FoozielmwieckBky, aided by a tip judiciously administered to ilie conductor, the four friends eecured a second-class compartment all to themselves — 'a deal comfortabler,' as Mrs. Briggs observed, than many an English first. They travelled by night express, and ao sooner was the train fairly on its way than Mr. Foczielmweicksky, remarking that he bad a touch of headache, leaned back in tbe corner, pulled Mb cap over his eyes, and composed himself to sleep. Mr. Briggs thought about his change, but in view of the Austrian's head ache and bis ardent desire to be undisturbed, concluded not to remind him of it just then. There would be plenty of time before they reached Vienna ; bo after smoking a cigar he also cushioned himself up in one corner and made an excursion into the land of dreams. The ladies did likewise, and in a short time the only sounds to be heard in the compartment were the snoring of its four occupantsT Mr. Briggs slept for several hours. When he opened his eyes the train was still rushing onward through the darkness, the lamp in the roof of the carriage, flickering feebly, gave a dim uncertain light, and he had to make a rigorous mental effort before he could remem ber where he was and who were his com panions. He heard voices in conversation, and distinguished, or thought he distinguished — for he was not even yet folly awake — that of Mrs. Foozlum saying to Mr. Foozlum (as he and Mrs. Briggs had lately began to call tbeir new friends, between themselves, for short) in English — ' Did yon get anything out of the old softy?' And the other answered in German, 'Jah teohl,'1 and something' more that our Boltonian could not make out. Bat he had been long enough in Germany to learn that Jah wohl is a very strong affirmative— a sort of double-barrelled *'Yes' — and Foozelum doubt less meant his wife to understand that he had got something oat of the old ' softy,' and no mistake. It occurred to Mr. Briggs that he might possibly be the 'old softy' in question, an idea that roused him to the most intense wakefulness in a moment, and made him re solve to broach the subject of his change forthwith. 'I hope you've enjoyed your snooze,' said Foozielmwieckaky loudly, on seeing him move ; '1 feel all the better for mine. Here, take a soupqon of this cognac ; it will do you good.' Mr. Briggs accepted the invitation, albeit he did not much lessen the contents of the Aus trian's spirit flask. 'Now,' he said, returning it to him, 'as you feel so much better you can perhaps settle that little matter, and give me my change.' 'I should only be too happy, my dear sir, if there were sufficient light. Bat as you see we are almost in complete darkness. The change I received for your 600 thaler note is all in Austrian paper money of various amounts; moreover I have not made out my account ; and if we begin to meddle with the business now we shall be sure to make a muddle of it. Better wait until we arrive at Vienna, or at any rate until sunrise.' The plea was reasonable ; moreover Briggs, whose confidence in the good faith of bis com panion was beginning to be shaken, reflected that be did not understand Austrian money, and were he to insist on a settlement there and tben be could neither check the figures of the account nor, by that obBCure light, examine his change, and might thus be beguiled into taking much less than his due. He therefore decided to let the matter alone for the present as Foozielmwiecksky bad suggested ; neverthe less his thoughts were none of the pleasantest, and kept him effectually awake during the re mainder of tbe journey. Shortly after son riee, and before there was light enough to read by, tbe compartment was invaded by four more passengers, two of whom placed them selves between Briegs and Foozielmwiecksky. Hence all hope of a settlement before they reached Vienna had to be abandoned. ' 111 take you to a good place I know of,' said FoozielmwieckBky on arrival at their desti nation, .' it's a private hotel, very comfortable, and a deal cheaper than the Imperial and other swell places.' 'All right,' says Mr. Briggs, 'go ahead.' They all got into one carriage; the Austrian directed the driver where to go, and after pass ing through, a bewildering labyrinth of Btreets they pulled up before a house of somewhat un prepossessing exterior, and, aa Briggs judged, in a poor quarter of the city. But the retired waste dealer had hia wits about him ; he was not going to be led qoite like a lamb to the slaughter. ' Just stop a minute,' he said to the Aus trian, as the latter was ordering the luggage to be unloaded, 'let's see inside first. My missis ib rayther particular about beds. We alias looks at their rooms afore we makes up our minds— dont we, Mary Ann?' ? This suggestion was evidently not altogether to Foozielmwieckeky's mind ; nevertheless he led the way into the house, his wife and the Briggses following. The ' hotel' was situated on the second floor, and as the door opened their noses were saluted with a smell that seemed to be compounded in about equal pro portions of foul air, onions and garlic, and stale tobacco. After a few words from the Aus trian the Briggses were shown into one bed loom while the ' ' Foozelums' were ushered info ' another, ' - 'Them windows has never been opened sin' they were made, in my opinion,' re marked Mr. Briggs, sniffing tbe nnpore air, 'and they are bo nasty yon can hardly see through 'cm.' Meanwhile Mrs. B. was examining tbe beds. ''Why tbe sheets is not, dean,' aba ex claimed, ' and the WwrVfttf is that M^pk w and then, with almost a shriek, she threw the bedclothes from her and sprang hastily back wards, in her excitement oapsixing her hus band, who happened at the same moment to be stooping in order to get a better look under the other bed. 'Bless me, Mary Ann, whatever'a to do?' he exclaimed as lie scrambled to his feet* ' hasta seen a ghost V - *-$ 'I've sen waur, there's them things V th' beds.' m^m 'I thowt as much by th' look on 'em. Let's be off. I say' (going to the door and . raising his voice), 'Mister Foozilum whisky, this shop wQl not do, you man find another.' 'Why, what's the matter.' 'Matter! there's them things i' til' boose- bed is fall on 'em.' 'What things?' 'Sowdgers.' 'Soldiers,' said the other, looking rather alarmed, 'soldiers in the house — what do yon ir fan, Mr. Briggs ?'' 'Bugs,' shouted the retired waste dealer excitedly. ' There's regiments, I never seed moor in a rag warehouse. Come, let's get out o* this barracks.' 'It's very awkward to go now,' answered the Austrian, 'after I bespoke apartments and all. I'll ask* them to find yon another bedroom.' 'Not i' this shop. And my wife willna atop at any price; cart ropes would not keep her.' Whereupon Mr. and Mrs. Briggs hurried down stairs, the Austrian with his wife reluc tantly and sulkily following them. A second time FoozielmwieckBky told the coachman whither to drive. It was to another private hotel they were going, he said, which when he lived in Vienna was both dean and respect able. They were soon there, and its outside appearance was decidedly more promising tbaq. tbat of the first, while inside not the most minute researches of Mrs. Briggs nor the prying eyes of her husband could discover any thing objectionable. The house was small, so was the bedroom, but they were clean, the landlady was very pleasant spoken and of cheerful countenance, and, to the great delight of our travellers, she spoke excellent English. After tbey had washed off the traces of their journey they sat down to a substantial break fast, and Mr. Briggs took an early opportunity to prees Mr. FoozielmwieckBky for the change out of his 500 thaler note, and the little ex planatory statement he had been good enough to promise him. 'Certainly,' replied Mr. FoozielmwieckBky, cextainly. Just let me finish this chop — what an excellent chop it ia, to be sure— and I'll go into my room and make the account out.' The chop was finished, and the eater of it withdrew, seemingly very eager to comply with Mr. Briggs's request. But at the end of an hour, during which time be smoked at least three cigars, the Austrian did not return. Mr. Briggs went to his room, and, knocking at the _door,_ asked how much lenger Mr. FoozielmwieckBky meant to keep him waiting, 'Ob, didn't he tell you?' said Mrs. F., with the most innocent air imaginable. ' He has gone out, but he'll be back before dinner tine. He has gone to call on bis mother ; he has not seen her for ten years, and she'd naturally be annoyed if he did not call upon her before doing anything else.' 'Damn his mother,' exclaimed Mr. Briggs, now fully roused. ' I want my change — what does he mean by humbugging me in this way ; is he going- to run away T 'Don't be insulting, Mr. Briggs,' said the lady severely ; ' you forget yourself. My | husband will settle with you the moment he returns.' Mr. Briggs went back disconsolately to hia wife and told her how matters stood. Conscious that he had been rather indiscreet he had re frained hitherto from making fall confession of his folly. She knew the Austrian had to give him some change, bat she thought tiie amount - - was only trifling. ' How much did you say it was ?' 'Five hundred thalers.' 'That's.' ' Seventy-fonr pounds.' ' Seventy- four pounds, seventy-four pounds,' ehe also screamed. 'Aye, bat then there's th' hotel bill at Prague, and th' railway fare here to come off, it is maybe sixty pounds as I wanton him.' ' Well, thou hast done it now — sixty pounds clean gone— we'se never see it no more. Where'a your luck now as you talk so much about. Why, you have no proof as you ever gav* it him— no receipt nor nowt.' 'How could I get a receipt ? He was going to gi' me th' change next minute. But if s not lost yet, whatever thou thinks. I allns were lucky, and thou'll see.' 'Lucky,' exclaimed the lady with ineffable diedain, 'and yon calls it lucky to let a foreigner diddle you out o' sixty pounds. If that's being lacky, let me be unlucky.' Poor Mr. Briggs did not reply. In a contest of words with his better half he generally had the worst of it, and in the present instance he had so little to say for himself that be probably exercised a wise discretion in leaving it onBaid. He hung about the house all day, waiting for the return of FoozielmwieckBky, only descend ing into the street at intervals— just to stretch his legs, as he observed to his wife, and weary work he found it. At length, long after dinner, and when he had begun to fear that his man waB gone away for good, his patience was rewarded by seeing him cross the corridor and enter his bedroom. Brigge followed him. 'How about my change?' he asked in an indignant voice. ' Your what ?' said the other. 'My change,' roared Brigga. 'the change out of that 500 thaler note I gave you at Prague.' 'You are mistaken, Mr. Briggs, you did not give me a COO thaler note, it was only 50 thalerp, and instead of being your debtor— as you will see by this Etatement--you owe me 80 florins, which I shall be glad if you can give me, as I have not had time to cash any of my American money.' ' You infernal scoundrel !' exclaimed Mr. EriggB as soon aB he could speak, having for the space of half a minute been struck dumb with rage and eurprise. ' You gallows- looking blackguard— you— you— —' ' Come now, stop that, Mr. Briggs ; there's law in this country, and if you don't mind what you are doing I will bave you arrested for defamation of character. But (drawing him towards the door) come out of earshot of my wife, she's in the nest room.' And before the Ecgliehman could recover his breath a second time, or regain his presence of mind, he was in the corridor, and Foozielmwiecksky, shutting the door in his face, double- bolted himself inside. What was to be done now? Submit to be swindled out of £60 in that audacious way he would not, yet how could he help himself ? He bad no receipt and no witness ; for his wife had not eeen the note he had entrusted to the Austrian, and he and his wife were doubtless auite ready to swear anything. He did not see his way clear at all. ' It was a gradely awkerd do,' he said to himself. Still, he did not despair, there might be a way. As he thonghtthus ha caught sight of the landlady, Fran Jordan, at the other end of the passage. Acting on the impulse of the moment he fol lowed her into her room. ' Can I speak to you on a matter of busi ness, ma'am ?' eaid he. 'Certainly ; take a seat, and what can I do for you ?' ' It's about this Foozlumwhisky.' 'Indeed? I thought he was a friend of youis.' ' Not he, he's only a chance acquaintance as we picked up at Dresden.' ' Well, if I had known that, Mr. Briggs, he would not have been long in this house, I can tell you. It was only because he came with you, and I saw you were a thorough English gentleman, that I did not turn him from my door or band him over to the police.' On hearing this Mr. Briggs gave a long dismal whistle, and looked particularly blue. 'What has he been np to? who is he?' he asked. ' As it happens I can tell yon all about him. My porter — the man who carried your things in, sou know— Traugott Taeglich, used to be in the police, and the moment he set eyes on this Herr von Foozielmwieckfky, as he calls himself, he recognised him. His name is not Foozielmwiecksky at all, it is Spitzbube. He was once in the army, but was turned out for misconduct; then he was a man about town here in Vienna and lived by his wits, became a cardeharper, and I don't know what besides ; was mixed np with a bad case of cheating, and wonld have been arrested and locked np if he had not shown a clean pair of heels. This ib v neatly ten years since, but I have only to say a single word to the police and they would arrest him to-night. It is no business of mine, however, and to have a man arrested in the - house would create a commotion and make it unpleasant for the other lodgers.' 'I'm afraid it's all np with my sixty ponnds,' eaid Mr. Briggs dolefully. 'I'm afraid it is,' said Fran Jordan, when ehe had beard his Btory ; 'but if you like HI send for the gendarmes and give him in charge at once.' ' No, no,' answered Briggs, who bad just thought of a plan, 'that would ruin every thing. Anyhow, 111 have another try to come S' my own. Will you, please, lend me a chair, : ? rs. Jordan? and whatever I do dont Bay^ . anything «r seem to take any notice.' _? *? Mr. Briggs took the chair and placed ft ^ before Foozielmwieckaky's, alias Spitzbabe'a, door, and peered through the keyhole. All was in darkness 5 he and his wife had evidently withdrawn to their steeping apartment—* email room adjacent to the one that served ^ i them as a parlor, bat having no direct comma 1 nicstion with the corridor. Nevertheless, 1 Brigge kept bis post-sat there the nj&ft; through, like a sentinel in faoe of the enemy. Now and then lie dozed a little, but ais chair ma bo placed that nobody could enter at quit Mr. Spitzbnbe'a room without his leave. People rue early in Austria, and before 6 o'clock he heard the sound of voices and footsteps in the parlor. Then the key was turned, the door moved slowly, very slowly on its hinges, and the night- capped and carl-papered locks of Mrs. Spitzbube were protruded into the passage. This was enough for onr hero. With an impetuosity that can only be compared to Roderick Dim's onslaught on JameB FitzJames, likened by the poet to 'adder darting from the coil' and ' mountain cat that guards her young,' he dashed at the door, and the lady, bewildered by the sudden ness of the attack, and conscious of extremely Eoanty clothing, ran shrieking to her husband. As the latter rushed out in his shirtsleeves to tbe rescue Briggu quietly shut the outer door and put tbe key in his pocket. 'What means this violence, Mr. Briggu?' Bternly asked Mr. Spitzbube. ' I'd have you know, sir, this is my private apartment ; you are surely drunk ; I'll summon the police.' 'Come, now, none o'that there gammon; Tee not stir out of here till I get my change.' ' Upon my word, this is past bearing. If you don't go out quietly, eir, 111 kick yon out.' 'Yon will, will yon, yon beggar? Yd like toeeeyoutry. I am an old fellow, I know; but I'm mon for two like you yet, and if you offer to touch me I'll take you by the ectnft o'th neck and thrat you out at window.' ' But ? ' 'But me no buts, you raskfl, Let's have no more o' this nonsense. I know who yon are, my lad. You were once i' th' army— you've been a cardsbarper — th' police wants yon badly, Mr. Oozleum, Boozleum, Foozielm whiskey, and it is not your right name ; Spitz bnbe is your name. If yon don't fork out that brass III otwn th' window and shout for th' police ; but pay up like a man and you shall go free.' 'Do you promise that,' said Spitzbube eagerly. He bad become terribly crestfallen during Mr. Briggs's speech. 'I do, and the sooner you stump up the sooner you'll get away.' ' JnBt one minute — I won't keep you loDger.' Spitzbube went into the bedroom, exchanged a few whispered words with his wife, and re turned with a bundle of bank notes. 'Here,'said he, 'count them, there are 609 florins, the full amount of your change.' 'Are they good 'uns — notfoorged, I mean?' asked Mr. Briggs, suspiciously. 'Quite good, they are what I got at Prague.' ' If they are, you can go as Boon as you like, but I'll make sure, I'll axe Mrs. Jordan.' He opened the door. The landlady was in the corridor. She assured him the notes were perfectly good, and heartily congratulated him on the so miraculous recovery of bis money. 'Good day to you,' he said, nodding pleasantly to the discomfited Spitzbaba. 'I wish you a pleasant journey.' Then be went into his own room, and found Mrs. Briggs still in bed. ' Wherever have you bin ?' she asked in a querulous voice, 'you have not been i' bed of ill night.' 'Look here, owd lass, look here,' he shouted as he waved the bank- notes over his head like a flag of victory. ' I've getten th' brass ; didn't I tell thee I wor allus lucky V Wherecpon he executed a Pyrrhic dance round the room until, his shins striking against tbe sharp bar of a chair, his song of triumph was charged into a howl of anguish. Then he told her sll that had happened. ' Well, you really aie lucky, Sam,' was her admiring comment, for Bhe was sincerely re joiced at the recovery of the lost notes. ' I never said it before, but you are.' ' More luckier than clever, you once said, I think.' 'Aye, but you've been clever, too, this time, Sam — both clever and lucky.' The day following these events Mr. Briggs was strolling in the Prater when he felt him self struck smartly on the back as a familiar voice exclaimed, ' Hallo, Briggs, you here ?' 'God Wees us. Mr, Bovings, is it you? I \- thowt you #or i' Bowton.' 'And so I was four days ago, but I was called away on business, and am now en route for Bohemia. (Mr. Kovings was partner in a large machine-making firm.) And how have you been going on all this time ? Come into this cafe and let us have a talk.' So they went into the cafe, and while they discussed a few glasses of Vienna's unequalled beer, Briggs told his friend all that had be fallen him and his wife on their journey. **Well, all that I can say, Briggs,9' said Mr. Kovicgs, when the former had finished his narration, 'is that you are the most fortunate man I know. The way you get into and out of scrapes is really extraordinary. But just take my advice, and don't trust a chance travelling acquaintance with your money another time.' 'I won't that, Mr. Bovings. I can tell you I've had a lesson as I shall not soon forget.' And then they parted, for Mr. Rovings's business was pressing, and he left Vienna for the place to which he was bound the same afternoon. When, two months later, Mr. Briggs returned to Bolton, he found that his reputation bad preceded him — everybody had heard rff his adventures and the good fortune that had always attended him on his travels — and he has ever since been known amongst his friends as 'Lucky Sam Briggs. 