T^^^^^^^^K Cricket Gossip. How many people ore there who can positively say that they know the true reason why New South Wales lost the recent matoh against Shaw's team ? Like the Ghost in ' Hamlet,' we can a tale unfold, and we intend to do eo. The best and most convincing manner of stating a fact is by means of a straightforward assertion, and we therefore say— and our language is plain— that the match . was lost by the selection of men whose only claim to a place in the eleven appears to be the fact that they cannot play cricket. There were men in the New South Wales team who, judged alike by their averages and by their style of play, would not be awarded by impartial judges a place in - a lirst junior cup contest. There is no doubt that people are thoroughly aroused to the fact that new blood is wanted in the team, but they do not as yet suspect the dogged obstinacy with which up till now every attempt to bring forward new players (excepting those belonging to the Belvidere, Carlton, University, and 'Warwick clubs) has been steadily rejected by the selection committee. Let us first consider what effect this must have on other clubs. A good player thinks, 'Well, if I join the quadruple alliance, I will get a chance to distinguish myself, whereas if 1 remain in this club I will never get a show; ' conse quently the four clubs mentioned will keep absorb ing all the talent brought out by the ethers and the second-rate senior cIudb suffer accordingly. Now to the next question of town and country, A gentleman well known in cricketing circles, when the advisability of bringing forward country players was being discussed the other day on the Association Ground, remarked, 'We don't care a straw for the country' — only the word was not ' straw.' That just indicates the feeling of tbe ring towards country cricket, and it serves to explain one reason why O'Hanlon, of Armtdale, was kept out of the eleven. Another reason is that, if he hud I done well in any of the matches now pending, people might I begin to say that he would have a right to be selected in the I eleven going to England in March— that is, supposing the I eleven is to be the cream of our cricketing strength, and not composed partly of players picked up as a job lot. This inclusion would necessitate one of the inner circle stopping at home, and that would not do at all. There is this sig nificant fact which cannot be overlooked. O' flanlon has an average this season of 134 runs per innings, actually the best in Australia, and yet he was considered only good enough to be picked thirteenth against Shaw's team, behind aU the feeble , and indifferent players with which our elevens are now being stuffed. In reality, hie selection as thirteenth man was only intended as a sop, for it was not intended that he should ever get a chanoe to play in the eleven. A word now as to the constitutionof the selection committee. Itiscomposedof Dave I Gregory (Warwick), Percy M'JUonnell (Carlton), and Harry I Moses (Belvidere), and thelastN.S.W. team consisted of four I Carlton6, four Belvideres, two University, and one Warwick. I A glance at the names 'of the selection committee must be I sufficient to show that it would be idle to charge its com- I ponent members with making incorrect selection through I ignorance. It therefore rests with the committee, if we show I their selections to be bad, to prove that they were not I actuated by partiality. Before proceeding further it must be frankly admitted, judging by some strong remarks which fell from Mr. Gregory at the late meeting of the association, that he is entirely in favour of a sweeping change in the I personnel of the team, so that the retention of inferior players I must be held to be due to the action of the otner I two members of the committee. We will now quote I some batting and bowling averages which, we think, I show the defect in our team, and in doing so we ack our readers to remember what we have just said regarding the fact that certain players must have been picked with the full knowledge on the part of the selection committee of these shortcomings. The batting averages below are quoted for obvious reasons, but the averages of the change bowlere are given because whenever any objection is raised to Garrett or Evans the wiseacres say, ' Oh, they might come off in the bowling; ' and then there is some mumble about the destructireness of the off theory and some reference to I five-year-old records. The figures which we quote cover all I the great matches of last season and of the present up to j ana including the recent return match against Shaw's team I In tho batting, the various figures represent the total scored I in each, innings, and the asterisks signify not out. Ihe I figures are very interesting : — Batting. Bichard&on; : 2. 2, 2, 3* 19, 6«, 25, 7, 1. Burton: 0, 0, 6, 0*, 0*. 2*, 5*. 4*. 13* 9, 18*. | Garrett: 8, 144*. 12, 31, 8, 1, 1, 7, 0, 10, 4, 20,0,12, 7, 13. Evans : 6, 1*. 4*, LL, 0», 2, 4, 0, 0, 0. Hiddilstone: 3,37, 3, 11. Bowling. Garrett : 266 runs, 14 wickets ; average, 19 runs per wicket. Evans: 106 runs, 5 wickets; average, 21.1 runs per wicket. I 'We ?will now deal with these players in detail. Where can there be found a feebler player than Richardson P AVe j are told as a reason for his inclusion that he keeps his J wicket up while the other players score. Seeing that he I was at the wickets for from five to 10 minutes in each of J three innings this eeason, and scored 2 each time, I we cannot accept the reason as satisfactory. j Now we come to Burton, the wicketkeeper. At I the outflet we must -admit he does his best I and works conscientiously, but if that is a sufficient reason j for his inclusion thenno special ability is required; Burton I is at best a fair club wicketkeeper, 1aut he is utterly out of place in- an international or intercolonial *-**&: Through some cause or other, he is not able to hold the ball when it reaches him, and not a matoh goes by I without his letting off at least one player behind . the wickets. It is as well to quote here another reason that has been advanced why O'Hanlon is not now included in our first elevens. It appears that some years ago, while wickctkeeping in Melbourne for hew South Wales in an intercolonial match, he received a blow on the knee from abattfrbniSpoffprtn, which, tor a con siderable time, crippled him. The result of the blow was that he failed to stump the batsman (who may or may not have been out of his ground) ; and this failure is said to have lost New South Wales not merely the lead m one innings, but actually lost her twomatehes. Well, after all, if a£ argument is to be made out, what is the . use of sticking a* euch a trifle as the difference between one innings and tw.o matches? To return to Burton, wonldit be, therefore, fair on the tu guoque principle to lay me | defeat of New South Wales at his door? As ara^o curiosity we kept note of the numberof balls (not catehes) which he failedto hold in themateh with ^Shaw's team,and in one innings he dropped no less than 32, or about Lr^fifthsrf all that passed the batonan, while STueleriod of the same inntogThe failed to hold uto^ no fewlrAan four successive balte-the last «*«?'£ and the three first of the nert. The «bJectl°nj£dea Burton is this: That, *ry his best, he cannot be ^uwn ** on just at the critical moment, and the same defect was noticeable in his work last year. Garrett, ^ com-iMg is a negligent field, a weak bat, and an ^-*^ bowler. IBs batting average for the two sag in big matches is 10-8 rons, and Ms J^ung ^Mercoloniai^ufih, and. then wh» U» M'** was rednced to 13, his name was still there? It may taken for granted that unless something extraordinary . occurs ne Trill be' in J the eleven, and so be -would be had his batting average been nil, and his bowling- a thousand runs per wicket instead of | 74\. Evans is admittedly a capital fielder, but as a batsman his average .for the two seasons is 4 rant per innings, and his bowling average 21-1 ran* per wicket. It must also be added tint his scores this season are 0, 0, 0. Hiddiletone, the last on die list, is an uncertain bat and a very shaky fielder, while as a bowler he has not been Hied this Beaaon in big matches. His batting average m not sufficient to win matches on, and he made some remarkably luoky strokes which helped to swell his total, several forward strokes in particular resulting in the ball going away behind the wickets to or close to the boundary tor 3 or 4 runs a piece, instead of being placed in front an intended. We have, we believe, in the above sum mary, made out a true bill against the selection committee, and 'the best thing that can be done will be to break up a triumvirate which does not carry ont its duties in a satis factory manner. In reality Turner, Ferris, .;oees, Jones, and M'Donnell play all our matches themselves, and when a pinch comas the tail of the team is found to be mere dead weight. We believe we have given valid reasons for doing away with die committee. There should be instead one man as in Melbourne, where Mr. Boyle. Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Major have in turn rehrned for years. In no other way will strong teams be picked free from old identi ties and club friends, and calculated to bring forward new players either in the country or town. The following players have been selected to go to Mel bourne to practice for the Intercolonial match, commencing on the 24th instant :— M'Donnell, Turner, A. Bannerman, Ferris, Moses, Jones, Allen, Garrstt, Davis, Bice, Burton, Donnan, and W. Richardson. Mr. C. W. Beal goes as manager, Mr. Jackson as scorer, and Mr. C. Bannerman as umpire. A sensation was created recently by the statement getting abroad that one of Vernon's team asserted at Parramatta that the wicket on die Association Cricket Ground was 'faked' when they played against New South Wales. Beaumont was the player alluded to, but, as far as we have been able to trace, he did not state anything of the kind. It appears that during the Parrainatta match a number of the local 18 and a bystander were chaffing Beaumont about the defeat of Vernon's team, and one of them said to Beaumont, just as a passing jest, that perhaps the wicket was ' faked.' Beaumont saw nothing humourous in the statement, and replied in earnest to the effect that such a practice would never be tolerated in England. This is really what occurred, and any unbiassed person will see that Beaumont is quite blameless in the matter; but, of course, the opportunity was too good to be lost by a certain section for an attack on the opposition show, and the result was that Beaumont's perfectly justifiable remark was gradually manipulated into a gross libel. Of course, had this attempt to distort Beaumont's reply been successful Vernon's team would have been damaged in the eyes of the public ; but the above explanation will probably spoil the little game. 