LAND NATIONALISATION, TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, LAND NATIONALIST. Sir—I do not intend entering into any dis- <*> cussion as to the merit, or demerits of a property tax. but think it well that your corres- <*> pondent, "T. G. Bennett" should be better informed than he appears to be in regard to one subject mentioned in bis letter in your issue ol 16th inst I refer to tbe land Datioualif ation portion of tfae letter: this sub ject he evidently thinks can be treated with contempt He says— * Now, Ido not think, * A Farmer,' myself, to any one of tfae present generation will see tbe creed beoome universal in this colony, or anywhere else; ao there ia no occasion to become afraid of thatg host in order to make people believe in protection." Not withstanding this, I am convinced many mem bt ra of Parliament supported the protection tariff simply for fear of thi* veiy ghost. Ghost or Bo ghost I believe tbe subject of land Latit naJ-satiun is to no t_n_.aU extent answerable for the new tariff. What I wish to point out to "T. G. Bennett" ia that what he oon tsmptuoudy terms a ghost is something tar more substantial. Considering the very short time this subject ha. been brought into prominence the strides it has made in America may astonuh your correspondent I can in form bim tbat tiie newspapers tbere advocating this "ghost" are numbered by the wore, peibape by the hundred. " Henry George" dubs are in full swing all over the Statea and I understand are numbered by thousands. _ A very large number of ministers of religion, including thuse of all denominations, are preaching the " new gospel," aa it is called, Sunday after Sunday, and thousands of earnest men and women of dl creeda and none, meet week after week to hear tfae leaders of the causa In thn State of New York the elections for State officers will take place in a few weeks, and the " United Labor Patty's" nominations are theee—For Secretary of State, Htory George; State Comptroller, Victor A. Wilder; State Treasurer, Patrick H. Cummins; Attorney-General, Denia P. Fedy; State K-nguleer, Matthew Couzena The plat form to which the above are pledged waa adopted by convention at Syracuse on August 19,1887, and without going into particular. I can state that the leading plank is taxation of land value— What c_a—oe they have of tuccees at these elections I leave your it—dei? to imagine, contenting myself with placing before them the following figures :— Accoiding to the Standard {View York paper} of August 27 the strength of the patties were then estimated thus —Republicans, 354,981; Democrats, 524.4.3; United Labor, 250,132; Prohibition, _.4KT. Your own correspondent a thoit while back gave the United Labor aa :_ 0,000 strong. Four hundred election meet ings have been arranged fur. to take plaoe thioughout the State, in lew than nine sraska It appears to me that the more you look into tbis ghost business the more substantial it geta, and were it not that the press in the ooloniea with one or two exceptions, consider it their duty (and doubtless they have their own good reasons) to ignore the doings of the " George" Stity bere, as well as in Amerioa and Great ritain. people would not write of "land A general meeting of the members of the Notth Addaide Institute Clab was held in the dub-room oa Thursday eveoiug. The Rev. F. F. Medcalf {president} oocupied the chair, and tbere was a good attend——a The dab, which has only been in existence two mootha promisee to be a great aucoeea, haviog a mem benhip of between 60 and 60 at present It was decided to hold a aeries of meetings of a liter—ry and aocid character in order to pro mote the welfare of the clab, Oa aoooaat of the interest taken in tiie institution by the numbers it was readved to open the club-room on Sataiday afternoons, 