ST. STEPHEN'S MISSION CHURCH, , EDGECLIFFE-ROAD. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. On Saturday afternoon the foundation-stone of St. Stephen's Mission Church, Edgecliffe-road, was laid by Lady Carrington, the ceremony being witnessed by a large number of ladies and gentlemen, amongst whom were Sir F. M. Darley, Sir William Manning, Mr. Alfred Allen, M.L.A., Mr. H. E. A. Allan, the Hon. E. Knox, M.L.C., Mr. W. J. Trickett, M.L.A., the Hon. H. Mort, MLC.. and the Revs. Manning, Beck, Glasson, Rich, Payne, Saliniere, Jackson, Rivers, Horton, and M'Keown. The service was conducted by the Venerable the Archdeacon of Cumberland, assisted by the Rev. H. Mort. For some time past the clergymen of the district and the residents, recognising the need of a place of worship where service might be conducted in a comparatively simple and evangelistic form, have been exerting themselves to find the means required for the erection of a mission room, to assist the work of the Church already in existence in that locality. Their efforts have been so far rewarded that they have been able to commence the construction of a building on a piece of land opposite the junction of the Waverley and Bondi tram lines, which has a frontage of 48 feet on the main road, and is 100 feet drop. The edifice, which is to be 38 feet long, 26 foot wide, and 14 feet high, will be in the Gothic style of architecture, and embellished with five windows, a tracery one in the porch, and two on either side of it. For the present, however, only one half of the building will be put up, the other half to be completed so soon as the necessary funds are forthcoming. The building site was obtained partly by grant from the Church Society, and partly by contribution. Until the building is completed the services of the church will continue to be held in the Mission Hall across the road, 'The contractors for the work are Mr. W. Chaff, Mr. Thomas, and Mr. Wright. Shortly before half-past 3 o'clock the hour fixed for the ceremony His Excellency the Governor and Lady Carrington, attended by Major Gascoigne, drove up and were received by the clergy present, whilst the choir, led by the Rev. A. li. Rivers, sang the processional march, " Onward Christian Soldiers." This was followed by devotional exercises, after which Mr. A. W. Gillies, presenting Lady Carrington with a silver trowel, requested her ladyship to perform the ceremony of laying the stone. This was done in the usual way, the stone being lowered into the receptacle, and there declared to be well and truly laid. With copies of the Sydney Morning Herald and Daily Telegraph of the 29th instant enclosed in a bottle (which was placed under the stone was a document reading as follows: " To the glory of God, and in memory of the first Christian martyr, St Stephen, the cornerstone of this church was laid by the Hon. Lady Carrington on the 30th day of July, A.D. 1887, being the 31st year of the reign of our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria his Excellency Baron Carrington, P.C., G.C.M.G., being Governor and Commander-in-Chief of New South Wales and the de- pendencies thereof; the Most Rev. Alfred Barry, D.D., D.C.L., being Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of New South Wales, and Primate of Australia and Tasmania ; the Rev. Henry Wallace Mort, M.A., being incumbent, of the parish. Churchwardens of All Saints', W. G. Laidley, A. R. Docker, A. W. Gillies ; treasurer of the building fund, Robert Deane, R.M.; architect, A. Blacket. The PRIMATE then delivered a brief address. He said that he had been requested on that occasion to ask from those present, as members of the Church of Christ, sympathy, help, and prayer. Their sympathy was solicited for a useful and timely work. Timely, because they would see that the locality, which was recently all but empty, was rapidly becoming covered with houses, amongst which they should surely raise one to be dedicated to the service of God. Useful also, because it seemed to him that there should be a special use for the mission churches, like this one, in connection with our large Sydney parishes. He would gladly see these mission churches multiplied. They already had there a stately and beautiful church, and a service in which he always felt it a privilege to join, but still there was room for a greater and rougher simplicity as in the church, so also in the service. But, no matter what its form, the House of God was equally sacred as containing the dwell- ing presence of Him who had said that " where two or three are gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst of them." For this unity of idea there was abundant room for variety of form. Just as it would be wrong to bring the churches together, down to a rude simplicity, it would be wrong not to provide homely houses of God for homely worship. The value of these mission rooms was that they afforded a greater elasticity in the form of worship. The Book of Common Prayer had been put forward by our churches, not as a more directory of worship. The use of our great liturgy had been of great benefit, and, in this respect, of all human works there had been none like the English Book of Common Prayer. In our churches that form had to be used, and we continue to use it with an over- owing freedom and elasticity. But in these mission churches there was room for even greater freedom and variety of service. In them, for instance, might be hold services more evangelistic in character. He himself had always felt that the worship of the Christian rose to the throne of God in whatever form it was offered to Him. These mission rooms, therefore, would meet a special want of our time, and he rejoiced that they had there besides their own great Church. As usual, on occasions like the present, he had to ask their aid. These were not the days when lords of the manor thought it their duty to provide places for the people for the worship of God, and he hoped that those in the locality who were interested in the good work which had been begun would recognise the obligation to aid in its completion, as all the money needed had not yet been collected. He asked their earnest prayers for a blessing on the house which they were erecting, and trusted it would be as a light and an exultation of what in this modern world of ours is often a comparatively narrow and prosaic life. He asked their prayers that "the sacraments which would their be administered in the name of Christ, would be the means of drawing their souls through Him into communion with God the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost and that, by the power of Jesus Christ, they might be life giving to those who draw near to the table. Let the worship be as simple as it may, but never let it degenerate into crudeness or irreverence. He cared nothing for elaborateness in the form of service, but he did care for what would conduce to reverence. Let the service be offered in the name of Jesus Christ, and it would be accepted before the throne of Grace. A collection was taken up during the address, whilst the choir sang a hymn. The benediction was then pronounced, and the proceedings were brought to a close the choir riding out singing a recessional hymn. 