THE SIG&ff; toll. Miser Farebrother. By B. L. FARJEON. Author of ' In a Silver Sea,' ' Grif,' ' Great Porter square,' &c.; Chapter XXXIV.— PHOEBE IS STILL FURTHER ENTRAPPED. When Phoebe recovered her senses she -found herself in her bedroom, with Mrs. Pamflett in attendance upon her. She was so dazed and confused that for a few minutes she could not recall what had transpired, but presently she re membered, and she burst into tears. 'There, thewJ' said Mrs. Pamflett, ' smoothing the young gi« B hair mtD bflr «*na. ' Don't take on so ! Everything will come right, and you will soon b* as happy as a bird.' Surprised at Mrs, Pamflett' b tauter tone snd gentl* manner, Phoebe dried her eyes and gazed upon her father's housekeeper. ' Then they are still here ?' ?' Who, my pet?' asked Mrs. Pamflett. ''My aunt and— and Mr. Cornwall.' ' No,' replied Mrs. Pamflett, still Bpeaking with tender ness, ' they have gone ; and it is to be hoped that they will never come back.' ' Gone V* exclaimed Phoebe. ' They will never come back!' . 'If they do,' Baid Mrs. Pamflett, hovering officiously about Phoebe, ' it will be worse for them. They have been found out at last, You have had a narrow escape. While you were lying in a fainting condition on the ground your father unmasked them, and compelled them to confess that all thdr pretended kindness to you was done to wring money out of him, only because they thought he was rich. He is rich, my pet, and can make a lady of you ; and so can Jeremiah, who is dying of love for you, and who is the cleverest man and the finest gentleman in England. We shall all be as happy as the day is long, and you will bring comfort to your lather, who is suffering a martyrdom, and who has the first claim on your heart. Yes, my pet; you have had a narrow escape— a narrow escape ! I shall give thanks for it before I go to bed to-night.' Phcebe fixed her clear, honest eyes upon the white face of Mrs. Pamflett, who made an impotent attempt to return the gaze with equal frankness. 11 1 remember everything now,' said Phoebe, in a tone of forced calmness. ' 5ly father turned my dear friends out nf the house !' ' He did turn them away. But to call them your dear friends after what they said !— Phcebe, Phoebo, you are too simple and confiding. You should be angry ; you should cast them off, as your father has done.' ' ' After what they said ! ' What did they Bav ? I heard not a word which they should not have spoken.' ' That was their artfulness and wickedness. They have been playing upon you all through. It was while you were unconscious and could not hear what was spoken that your false aunt, Mrs. Lethbridge ? ' 'Stop !' cried Phoebe, 'I will not hear her called so. If you wish to tell me anything that passed after I fainted you can do so, but I will not listen to you if you speak againrt those I love.' 'You will not love them long,' said Mrs. Pamflett, com posedly, 'if you have a daughter's feelings. Your aunt confessed to your father that the reason she had welcomed you at her house was because she looked for a proper return in money from him. Why, my pet ? ' ' Mrs. Pamflett !' cried Phoebe, interrupting her again. 'Yes, net!' . ' You have never used that term of endearment to roe before,' said Phcebe, resolutely, ' and I should prefer you would not do so now.' ' You would prefer !' exclaimed Mrs. Pamflett softly; but the artificial crust of tenderness was beginning to be broken by her true deceitful nature. 'But then you are only a child—your father's daughter, who has authority over you. You may not quite know what is good for you. And so, pet, your aunt confessed the whole plot. Would you be surprised to hear that she has kept an account of everything she has done for you, of every niaal you have eaten, of every night you have slept at her house, and that she is going to send it in to your father ?' ' I should be very much surprised,' said Phoebe. 'You will find it true. Oh, the artfulness, the de oeitfulness of women ! Men are almost as bad— at least some of them are. There are exceptions ; Jeremiah is one. The soul of truth and honour; and as for cleverness, there's no saying how clever he is. Said your father to that scheming lawyer, Mr. Cornwall, who has been playing upon your feelings, and who is employed by your aunt to ruin us all— Baid your father to him, while you were lying on the ground, ' There is my daughter. You have come to ask my consent to her marriage with. you. You are free to take her; but, knowing what you are, I will not give you one penny of my money with her !' l What !' cried the lawyer, not one penny ?' ' Not one jpenny,' said your father. 'If you love her, as you eay you do, for herself alone, there she is; but neither now nor at any time, before or after my death, shall one jpenny of my hard-earned money go into your pocket.' ' ta that rase/ Baid the fine lawyer, ' I -will have nothing o -- with her.' Then your father burst into a passion, and i am certain that if he bad been a younger man he wou c have struck Mr. Cornwall to the earth. Jeremiah started forward to do it, but your father laid hold of him, and told him not to soil his fingers by touching such a reptile. It was as much as he could do to prevent my Jeremiah from thrashing the villain who wanted to get you in his toils. Then your father ordered your auut and her lawyer friend out of the house, and warned them never to show their faces here again. 'You forget/' Baid Phoebe, ' my father did that in my hearing.' ' ' And he repeated it afterwards. They were glad enough to get away, my pet, and I hope that they will never annoy you again.' *? Suppose, Mrs. Pamflett,' said Phoebe, ' that I were to write to my aunt all you have told me V 'Yon ere quite welcome to do so, pet Of course, she will deny it, and will invent another storvtotry and set htnelf right in your eyes. It is just on the cards, though, that she may brazen it out and admit the truth. It ia a dreadful thing when one is exposed as she has been.' ^ ' Yes ; it is hard to be found out,' said Phoebe. ' Mrs. Pamflett, I should like to be alone for a little while.' ' Very well, net. I will go ; but you have only to call, and I will come immediately. I am more than your friend —I am your faithful servant. I will guard you like a mother. From this day no harm shall come to you.' She turned to go, and, standing by the door, said — ''* Your father wishes to see you, pet.' ' I will go to him presently,' said Phoebe. Outside the door, Mrs. Pauiflett's face underwent a change, and showed itself in its true colours. Her thought was, ' Is she trying to hoodwink me, that she did not fly into a passion? What has come over her? Let her be careful— let her be careful ! I can make life a torture for her.' Phoebe, indeed, was surprised at herself, and wondered now it was that she had had strength to meet Mrs. Pam flett's lies in the way she did. She well knew that they were the basest of calumnies, and she received them as ; ? such. Though all the world rose up apainst her dear Aunt I «th, she would remain that dear woman's champion. And I Fred— her own true lover— that Mrs. Pamflett should for a moment expect her to believe the false story she had invented! The fact wbb, Mrs. Pamflett had over-reached I herself. Like a great number of less skilful artists, she had I law. on the colours too thick. Had -she been more delicate, I she might have had a greater chance of success. And yet I that was scarcely likely with a girl like Phoebe, the strength I of whose nature appeared to have been, as it were, latent I y™un her until the occurrence of this crisis in her young I '«e- She did not quite realise what it meant to her ; but I for die present the spirit required to meet an enemy like I Mra, Pamflett had a healthy effect upr.n her ; it had arou«?4 her from despondency: that, and her love for Fred, and her faith in Aunt Letb, had given her strength to listen with outward calmness to Mrs.Paroflett's fabrications. If trouble were before her, she would meet it bravelv. Fred would be true to her, and she would be true to nun. Aunt and Uncle Leth and her cousins would not forget her — would always love her. Her father and Mrs. Pamflett eould noj; force her into a marriage with a man she abhorred. ' Be brave, Phosbe ; be brave,' she ?whispered to herself as she walked to her father's room, 'for the sake of those who love youtruly.' Jeremiah Pamflett was in the misers room when Phoebe entered. Miser Farebrother looked very ill ; his face was white and pinched, bis lips were drawn in. Phoebe's heart sank, and a feeling of remorse shot through her as she gazed upon his suffering face. She was his daughter — his only child ; and he had a claim upon her love and obedience. Was it not her dear Auut Leth who had said as much i She knew that this plain setting forth of a child's duty to her parents was no false declaration; it was her aunt's belief. Well ; she would perform her dutv to the uttermost of her strength; butto one ttnng she was resolved. 'Sit here,' said Miser Farebrother. Phoebe took th« chair he indicated; it was between him and Jeremiah Pamflett, and as she passed her enemy she drew herself carefully from him. He noted this avoidance, but made no comment upon it. At present his casfl was in his master's hands. ' You are well ?' asked Miser FarebrotUer. ' Not quite well, father,' said Phoebe. ' But well enough,'* he retorted. 'You have a long life before you. Look at me. How lonsc do vou think I shall liver' ' Many years, I hope, father.' ' We snail see whether you do hope it. It muat be plain to you that I am ill— seriously ill.' ' I am very sorry, father.' 'We BhaU see whether you are sorry. What is a man to believe in? Words? No. Actions speak, not words. False sympathy, lying protestations— what are they worth ? Those who use them ought to be trodden in the mud. You hope I shall live many years. We shall see. I have not long to live, 1 tell you; but you can hasten my death; you can murder me !' 1 ' Father *' cried Phoebe, in terror. ' Murder you !' ' Murder ine. You can do it ! If I were to implore you to spare me— to let me live, would you grant my prayer, or would you carry out your wicked, designs ? We shall see — we shall see. - You perceive that I am suffering, and you say you are sorry. We shall see. Your dead mother knows how far you are speaking the -truth ; I do not — as yet. It has to be made clear to me, You are my daughter, are vou not?' 'Yes, father.' ' What kind of love have you given me; what kind of care have you bestowed upon mo? For.veara I have been groaning and suffering here, and you— wibat have you been doing ? Have you ' attended to -me, have you nursed me, have you shown one spark of a daughter's proper feelings ? No, not one— not one. Gaddmg_about, going to theatres, dancing, making light friends, laughing, singing, minister ing to your vanities ; while I, your father, have lain here, cut to the soul by your coldness and want of decent feeling. If it was not in you, you might have pretended it was, and I should have been deceived. It would have made it no better for you, but it mig-lit have been better for me. You know that I have a doctor attending me ?' 'Yea, father.' 'Have you ever asked him how I was— have you ever shown, in a single conversation with him, that you have within you those solicitous feelings which a daughter should have for a suffering father ? Have you ever shown ? ' He did not proceed. He lay back, 'panting, in his chair, and Jeremiah, without looking up. thought, ' What an actor he is ! Oh, what an actor he is !' ' Father,' saii Phcebe, in deep distress, 'you do me an injustice. It has always been my wish to attend to you, to nurse you, but vou would never allow me. ' Let me alone, let me alone I' you Baid, and have always repulsed me.' ' Why, why?' he asked, raising himself in his chair, and binding so excitedly forward mat she was frightened, and cried: . 'Don't excite yourself, father; you are not strong enough to bear it.' ? 'I know I am not. You know it, too. It is not I who am exciting myself — it is you, because you wish to kill me 3' She shuddered violently, and covered her face with her hands. ' Why, when you have asked me whether you could do anything for me, nave I desired you to let me alone ? Because I could see plainly that you wished not to be troubled about me ; that you were pretending— that you were wholly false in your advances. There are a thousand thing a child can do for a parent in my condition which would bring pleasure to him. Have you done one ? That I am impatient, querulous, quick-tempered— is not that natural when one is in anguish day and night? Did you ever give that a thought — do you give it a thought now?' ' Father,' said poor Phoebe, feeling acutely the bitter injustice of her father's accusations, and vet not knowing how to combat them without plunging him into deeper ex citement, ' I will nurse you if you will allow me; I will do everything in my power to restore you to health. Try me, father 2' ' You do not intend to leave Parksides, then, without my permission 'f' 'To leave Parksides without your permission!' she echoed. 'No, father!' ' For the few weeks that remain to me you will not leave the house V You will nurse me— vou will soothe my last hours?' ? ' Ob, father, do not speak like that ! I will do all you wish.' .- -., 'Out of your own loving LeartV' ' Yes, father, out of my own loving heart !' ' Swear it,' he cried, in a loud, commanding tone, push ing his dead wife's prayer-book to the guileless girl. ' Kiss your mother's prayer-book, and prove to me whether you are lying or speaking the truth !' In an impulse of fervourand self-reproach she kissed die prayer-book. He took it from her hands. 'You are a witness, Jeremiah,' he said. . ' I am a witness,' Sir,' eaid Jeremiah. 'You have sworn,' said Miser Farebrother to his daughter, ' that you will not leave Parkaides while I live, unleu I drive you forth. That is your oath.' 'Yes, father.' But she said ft with a sinking heart. It seemed to her as if * net were being spread around her, from which it was impossible to escape. In her bed that night this impression of a forced, inexor able imprisonment became accentuated by a review of what had passed between herself and her father. For what other reaBon had he made her swear upon her dead mother's prayer-book that she would not leave Parksides without his .permission? Could he sot have taken her word? Was she to regard all that he had eaid as of equal value with Mrs. Pamflett's false statements? Were they all leagued against her— and what would be tEe end of the plot? Could they now compel her to marry Jeremiah Pamflett ? No; she* would endure a thousand deaths first. But she was imprisoned here in Parksides; she had no longer a will of her own. Her father had turned her only friends from his house, and he and they were the bitterest enemies ; he had turned her lover from his house; she was cut off from all she held dear, and was here, unprotected, at the mercy of Mrs. Pamflett and her son, and of her father, whose inex plicable behaviour towards her afflicted her with shuddering doubts. Had she been aware of what transpired between her Aunt Leth and her father after she had fainted in the earlier part of the day, she would not so readily have fallen into the trap her father had set for her. When she fell to the ground Aunt Leth and Fred Cora wall started forward with sympathising eagerness to assist her, but they were motioned sternly back by Miser Fare brother. ' I have ordered yon to leave my house;' he said. ' I can attend to my daughter.' Sadly they turned to the door, but Aunt Leth came swiftly back. ' Listen to me, my dead sister's husband,' she Baid, in a quick, trembling voice. 'At my sister's deathbed, in this very room, I promised her to look after her child, my poor niece lying here at our feet, as tenderly as though she were one of my own. I lore her as my own child, and I shall redeem my promise to my dead sister. This person*' — she pointed to Jeremiah Pamflett— 'to whom you say yon have promised your daughter's hand, is utterly unworthy of her. She lovra an honourable g^nileraan, and what I ran do to I bring about her happiness shall be done. If you have a plot I against her welfare I will endeavour to circumvent it. My | heart and the heart of my husband end children are ever open to her. Our home is hers ; she can come to us at any moment, and we will receive her with joy. In this house there was never for her, or for her dead mother, the slightest sign of love.' ' My daughter has told you so r' demanded Miser Fare brother. ' She has not told me so,' said ihe indignant woman. ' She has always spoken of you with tenderness and gentle ness. You know best how you deserved it at her hands. If she cannot find love and protection here, she can find them with me and mine.'. She knelt and kissed Phoebe's paleface. ' My sweet child ! so happy but an hour ago ! Come to me if they oppress you here — my child 2 my daughter !' 'Bundle them out,' cried Miser Farobrother, 'neck *nd crop !' They had so right to stay, and they left the place mcum folly. ' Do not be false to Phcebe,' said Aunt Leth to Fred. 'No need to say that to me, Aunt Leth,' said the young fellow. ' Phoebe, and no other woman, shall be my wife.' This encounter it was between Aunt Leth snd Miser Fare brother which had caused the miser to extract a binding oath from Pha-be that she would not leave Pnrkeides without bis permission. 'How was that done, Jeremiah r' he asked, when his daughter left tli«-. room. 'Capitally! capitally, Sir!' said Jeremiah. 'What an actor you would have made !' 'Perhaps, perhaps,' said Miser Farebrother, with a sneer. ' I am not half as ill as I look, Jeremiah. Don't reckon too soon upon my death. Excitement like this does me a power of good. They came to trap me, my fine lawyer and tearfnl sister-in-law; but I have turned the tables upon them. As I will upon every one' — with a keen look at Jeremiah—' who darae to play me false !' It was fortunate for the miser that bis managing clerk did not possess tb- power of striking a man dead by a glance; if he had, that moment would have been Miser Farebrothor's last. Chapter XXXV.— THE ENGAGEMENT RING. From that day Phoebe's life in Parksides was, as Mrs. Pamflett had threatened, a torture; and had it not been that she was endowed with a certain reserved strength which lies latent in many gentle natures until a supreme occasion csIIb it forth, it is' likely she could' not have lived through the next three or four months. One day her father sum moned her. 'It is time now,' be said, 'that our plans for your future should be finally settled. I have already waited top long.' Phoebe knew what was coming, and though she dreaded it, she had neived herself to meet it. ' Cannot things remain as they are ?' she asked. It was impossible for her to speak with any show of affection. She had discovered that her father's wish that she should be his nurse was a mere pretence'. Believing in it, she had endeavoured to carry it out and to perform net duty; but the stern repulses. she met with had convinced her that she had been deceives and betrayed. The oaths she had sworn were binding upon her ; she knew that she could not escape from them, and that her life's happiness was blasted ; but she resolved not to be beguiled by any further treachery. So she suffered in silence, and with some fortitude, praying for strengths and in some small degree finding it ; but she was growing daily thinner and paler, and sometimes an impression stole upon her that her life was slowly ebbing away., ' It will be better that I should die,' she thought; 'then I shall see my mother, and my torture will be at an end.' It was a torture subtly carried out. Phcebe had gauged Mrs. Pansflett, and had rejected with quiet soorn all attempts at an affectionate intimacy. Mrs. Pamflett repaid her with interest. ' When you are my son's wife,' she said, ' you will be more tractable ; you will know me better, nd you will love me.'' \-- I shall never know you better,' Phoebe replied, ' and I shall never love you.' ' Proud spirits can be broken,' said Mrs. Famfietr. ' Yes,' sighed Phcebe; *' but I am not proud— I am only faithful ; and, perhaps, I shall soon die !' ' You will be no loss,' said Mrs. Pamflett ; ' but before you die you will be my daughter-in-law.' At this period Miser Farebrother had not spoken to Phoebe about Jeremiah ; he had left it to the young villain to make his way, and, indeed, Jeremiah had attempted to do so. lint Phoebe utterly baffled him. He brought her flowers, and at 'her father's command she received them from his hands. An hour afterwards he saw them lying on the floor or in the grounds, where she had dropped or thrown them. He arrayed himself in new suits of clothes and laid himself out for admiration which she never bestowed upon him. He strove to draw her into conversa tion, and if he managed to extract a word from her, it was but a word — often not even that ; a look of ecorn and con tempt was then his reward. At meals his offers of small courtesies were disregarded. By her father's order she sat at the head of the breakfast and tea table, but she would never pass Jeremiah's cup nor accept it from him. His mean nature resented this treatment in mean wayp, and after a while he indulged in sarcasms, speaking at her instead of to her; this change passed unnoticed by her; she might have been deaf and blind to everything be said and did. Two or three weeks after the visit of her aunt and Fred Cornwall to Parksides, Phoebe went to her father with a letter. ' I wish to ivost this letter,' she said. ' May I do ' You have sworn not to leave Parksides without my permission,' he replied. ' I will sot allow y«u to go to the village.' ' I had no intention of going without your permission,' a'le said. He kept her so strictly to her oath, that she was virtually a prisoner in Parksides. ' I will have the letter posted for you,' he said. She gave it him, and he opened it, read it, and burnt it. No answer, of course, could come to a letter that wbb not . sent ; but Aunt Letb, of her own accord, wrote to Phoebe, very careful in what she said, because she suspected treachery, and feared that her letter might not reach Phosbe's hands. It did not; nor did letters written by Fanny. They were all opened by Miser Farebrother, read, and burnt. ' Have any letters come for me ?' asked Phoebe. 'None,' replied her father. 'Your precious frends have forgotten you. Now that they are convinced they cannot wring any money out of me, they will have nothing more to do with you.' She did not tell him that she knew he was guilty of an untruth. She bad the firmest belief in her aunt's constancy, and this, to some extent, was a comfort to her; but the pain and the grief that lay in silence were very bitter. She never ceased thinking of her lover; that was the keenest torture of oil. For when weeks had passed in this way she argued with herself how could any young man, how could even Fred, be faithful to one who was as dead to him? Perhaps the greatest terror she experienced during these unhappy weeks arose out of a dream. She dreamt that her father was dead, and she woke up with a strange feeling of ease. Would she, then, rejoice in his 'death f 'Am I growing wicked and revengeful?' she asked of herself in the silence of the night, 'Cruel as he is, he is still my father. Send death to me, and end this misery !' It was a prayer to God, and as she grew daily weaker and thinner it seemed as if her prayer would be answered. So now, when her father sent for her, and told her that it was time the plans he had formed for her future should be carried out, she answered, 'Cannot things remain as they are?' *? Tbey cannot,' said Miser Farebrother. ' Mr. Pam flett will come here this evening, and will sleep hare to* night. To- morrow- morning he will go to London to attend to the business, and in the evening he will return. Before to-morrow night i6 over you will accept him for your husband.' ' I will never do that,' said Phoebe. ** You have sworn ro obey me,' he said sternly. ' I have not,' ehe said, In as steady a Toice as she rould rnmmand. '' I havf1 sworn ncvPr to marry without yvur consent, and I will keep my oath. I have sworn net to leave Parksides unless you thrust me out, and I will keep my oath. There my obligation ends.' 'What objection have you to Mr. Pamflett?' he asked. ' I hate and abhor him,' said Phoebe firmly. 'He is not a man; he is a reptile.' The door opened, and Mrs. Pamflett appeared - ' Come in,' cried Miser Farebrother, ' and hoar what this ungrateful child calls your son. Repeat it in her hearing^' ho said to Phoebe. . The girl did not speak. ' I will tell you,' said Miser Farebrather, ' and if she denies it she lies. I asked her? what objection she had to Jeremiah, and she answered that she hated and abhorred him, and that he was not a man, but a reptile.' 'Did you say that?' exclaimed Mrs.' Pamflett, with venom in her voice and eyes. Phoebe was silent. ? 'That is the proof,' Baid Miser Farebrother. ' If sfc* did not say it, she would deny it.' 'Mywn a reptile!' said Mrs. Pamflett; 'then what am I— his mother ? I' shall remember it !' 'Ho you want meanv longw?' askdd Phosbe af h«r father. 'No: you can go.' At tea- time, Jeremiah having arrived, Miser Forebiother sent for his daughter. She sat at the table, and poured out the tea. Dark rims were around her eyes, her lips were quivering; bnt there was no pity for ber. They talked of business matters ; according to Jeremiah, money was being made fast; profitable negotiations had been entered into that day, and tho miser gloated kb he jotted down figures and calculated interest. 'Things are looking up, Jeremiah,' he said In a tone cf exultation. ' That they are, sir,' said Jeremiah. ' Everything ie going on swimmingly.' Could the thoughts which were harassing him have been read, could his mind have been laid bare, Miser Farebrother would have been aghast. Jeremiah was in a sea of diffi culties ; he bad spread nets for others, they were closing around himself. The accounts he presented to his master were false; the negotiations he had entered into were inventions; the bills he exhibited were forged. There were only two roads of safety for him— one, his speedy marriage with Phoebe ; the other, his master's death. His mother was filled with apprehension, for, having a better knowledge of his guilty nature than the others, she divined that he was in some deep trouble. After tea the miser said, ' Jeremiah, you have something in your pocket for mv daughter. .Jeremiah produced it; a piece of silver tissue paper, from which be took a ring. 'It is an engagement ring,'1 said Miser Farebrother, 'Give it to Phoebe.' He offered it to her, and she did not raise ber hand. ' Take it !' cried Miser Farebrother. Phoebe took it, and flung it away. Miser Farebrother rose slowly to his feet. One hand rested 'on the table, in the ether he held bin orutch stick. Pick it up !' he said, sternly. Phoebe did not move. 'Pick it up!' he cried again. Still Phoebe made no motion. Trembling with passion, 'he lifted his crutch stick and struck her across the neck. It was a cruel blow, and it left a long rod streak upon the girl's fair neck. She tottered, and almost tell to the ground, but she straightened herself, and uttered no word. 'If I were dead,' he said, 'you could marry your gentleman lawyer.' ' If he would have me,' Phoebfl replied, in a low, firm tone. ' I should then not be bound by my oath.' 'You hear!' he exclaimed, appealing to Mrs. Pamflett and Jeremiah. 'She wishes for my death, and would bring it about if she could, in order that she might be free to disgrace me !' Tbey heard ; but Phoebe did not. The pain of the blow - was great, aud she could scarcely bear it. Blinding teera rushed into her eyes. ' Go from my sight!' said Miser Farebrother. 'And bear this in mind; my word is law. You will marry the gentleman I have chosen for you, or my curse shall rest upon you till your dying day! My death alone shall accomplish your guilty desire.' Thereafter there was no peace for her. There was some thing devilish in the ineenuity displayed by her enemies to torture her soul. There are women, strong women, whom it would have driven to madness ; but from this despair Phoebe was mercifully saved. 'I will bear it; I will bear it;' she murmured, 'till the end comes. I must preserve my reason. When 1 am dead, Aunt Leth will drop a flower on my grave. And Mr. Cornwall, perhaps, will think, with sorrow, of the poor girl whoso heart is his for ever and ever !' She never thought of him now as 'Fred': ho was too far removed from her; all was over between them, but she would be faithful to him to the last She intrenched herself in silence; never opening her lips to-Mrs. Pamflett and Jeremiah, and never to her father, unless be addressed her and compelled her to reply. From the day he struck her she did not call him ?' father.' She did not regard him as such ; her heart was a heart of tenderness, but his merciless conduct had dead ened it to him. She thought frequently of her mother, and prayed aloud to that pure spirit. V Take me, mother,' she cried, ' take your unhappy child from this hard * world !' So months passed, her cross becoming harder to bear with every -rising sun.. Then it was that Phoebe began to fear that in the cruel unequal fight her reason might be wrecked. At length a crisis came. During the day her father had been more than usually savage towards her. In the evening he ordered her to her room, bhe went willingly, and, undressing, retired to bed. She did not know what time of the sight it was when she heard her father's voice outside the door. He had tried the handle, but Phoebe never went to bed now without ' turning the key in the lock. 'Answer me ! answer me !' cried her father. ' What do you want?' she asked, sitting up in bed. ' You ! Dress this instant, and come ont !' She rose from her. bed, and dressed hurriedlv, without lighting a candle. Then she went to the door and opened it, 'Assist me to my room,' he said, in feu cold, cruel voice. He leant upon her with such force that he almost bore her down. They reached his room. ' Attend to my words,' he said; 'they may be the last that will ever pass between Us. There is ruin on all sides of me. _ Whom should I trust, if not you ? Once more I ask if you will obey me.' . ' In everything,' said PhoBbe, ' except' ? He did not allow her to finish. 'Except in the way I wish. I will put an end to tbii. You walk like a ghost about the house, 1 see you in my dreams. You come, you and your mother, who was like you, a pale, sickly creature, and stand by my bedside in the, night. I saw her a few minutes since, and 1 will submit to it no longer I will rid myself of you both, now and for ever ! Again, will you obey mo 'r' ' Not in the way you wieh,' replied Phoebe. 'In what other \raycan you satisfy me? You know well, in no other way. :You will not?' 'I will not.' . . With all his strength— with more than his ordinary strength, for he was excited to a furious pitch-he struck her in the face. «♦ Willyou obey mo?' He Btrnck her again, a frightful blow. I call down a curso upon you !' he cf led. ' Yon are no longer a child of mine. 1 drive you from my house. Go, this moment, or I shall killy ou !' - She turned and fled without a word. Out into the passage, down the stairs, out of the house, and into the - -%ai~VS[eTJ?e' hieeA}nfSt and staggering blindly on through the darfeness of night. Chafter XX XVI.— DARK CLOUDS ARE GATHERING. During these troublous months in Phoebe's We,- matters pregnant with momentous issues f, =? weal er woe wera progressing in the careers of othpr^ *ho we playin* tbeir parts in this domestic drama. Fn, i a world! v co?nt ot view, Fred Cornwall vra» ir.akinjr rs; : i progress.' Ha stf yosseEsed but a seaa'nty puree, but Le saw before him sn ' almost certain prospect of saccess. He was making a i reputation ; bis foot was on the ladder. He was unhappy i and bad ul heart, and he took refuge iu desperately hard work, slaving day and night, as it is necessary for a man to do if he desires to make his ;nark in life's tough battle. This incessant labour and his visits to the Lethbridges — which were as frequent as ever— were his only consolation. Faithfully did he cherish Phoebe's image in his memory ; he was as true to her as a true man could be ; and the esteem and affection which the Lethbridges entertained for him deepened as time wore on. Many were the con- | vernations, many the consultations, which he and the I Lethbndges held' respecting the young girl upon whose life i had fallen so heavy a blow, and whose place m the dear home in Camden Town was open for her if by auy happy chance the should come to claim it. That they r(.-c:-ived no letters from her, thut those they wrote to her should rc:nain unanswered, distressed them, but did not shake their faith in her. 'She has written,1' said Aunt Leth, 'and her loiters have been intercepted. Ours have never reached her hands. Poor child! poor child !' 'What is the use of being a lawyer,' exclaimed Fanny, 'if you don't know how to bring hrr back Ui us :' i Fred Cornwall smiled sadly. ' God knnwp,,' he said, j 'I would risk and sacrifice my life for her it' nuy Rood could be done ! A lawyer's skill is powerless hero. She is living with her father, under his protection. He has a. legal claim upon her which no action on our part can touch. If die herself made some move we could act : but, as it is, the lawful right is oa her father's side.' ' Her father !' cried Fanny. ' Her oppressor! her torturer, you mean 1' ' '? I mean that,' replied Fred ; 'but that does not help us, I have con sulted a dozen fellows, and they all agree that, as things stand, nothing can be done. Her father has forbidden us his house ; he has a right to do bo. To put a foot inside the grounds of Park sides would be a trespass ; we should only be bringing ourselves into trouble, and bringing heavier trouble, most likely, upon Phoebe.' ' if 1 were a man,' Fanny declared, 11 1 would do it ! 1 would drag her from that wretched, miserable hole ; I would tear the hair out of Mrs. Pamflett'u head; I-I ? ' ' Fanny,' said her mother reprov ingly, ' you don't know what you are saving.' Whereupon Fanny began to cry and express her wish that she lived in a country where there was no law. In the kitchen, as in the parlour, the principal topic of conversation between Tom Barley and 'Mclia Jane was Phcebe. Tom Barley, truly, would have laid his life down for his young mistress ; he sorrowed and grieved, and if he could conveniently have got into a personal difficulty with Jere miah Famflett which could have been decided by fists or sticks, he would have courted the opportunity with alacrity. But though he cudgeled his brains he could find no way to an issue so agreeable and desirable. The number ot times 'Melia Jane laid out the cards to arrive at a proper undei standing of Phoebe's future, could not be counted. Sometimes it was bad, sometimes it was good; aud Tom Barley's spirits rose and fell accordingly. There was always the dark woman, Mrs. Pam flet.t exercising her malevolent influ ence ; there was always the dark man, Jeremiah Pamflett. prowling around to do BOine dreadful deed ; there was alwuys the fair man, Fred Cornwall, popping up to circumvent the diabolical plots which surrounded poor Phoebe. The result of the labour of scores of nights, with the heads of Tom Bar ley and 'Melia Jan» very close together, bending over the cards, was, eventually 'Melia Jane's summing-up that it all depended upon Tom Barley. ' Yes, Tom,' eaid 'Melia Jane, 'it all depends upon you.' Tom Barley could not exactly sec how it all depended upon him, but he set his wite to vr«rk, and he came to the conclusion that it was his duty to go down to Parksides as often as pos sible, ' to have a good look around,' and to be on the spot if it was required. His efforts in this direction were cir cumscribed for a very sufficient reason. Fred Cornwall was not the only one who, despite the cloud which hung over him and the girl he loved, was getting along in the world. The same may be said of faithful Tom Barley, fie had reached the height of his ambition. Through the interest of friends, and the good character he had earned since he left Parksides. ho had jucceeded in being taken on in ' the force.' He was now a policeman. The pride he felt in obtaining this hon ourable position in the service of his country, and the sense of importance which almost overwhelmed him when he presented himself in his uniform to his friends, would require a inoro powerful pen tban mine to describe. At length he had raised himself; at length he was ' somebody;' at length ho held a place in the world and so ciety. ' Behave yourself, 'Melia Jane,' Sui I he to that most estimable servant of -all- work, ' or I'll take you up.' ' 'Ini take me up ?' said 'Melia Jane in confidence to Aunt Leth. 'Why, I can twist him round my little linger!' Which, if not taken literally was exactly how the case stood. ' I '?pe he'll take somebody up,' said 'Melia Jane, still in confidence to her mistress; 'cause if he doesnt't, what's the good of 'is being a peeler ?' — a view of the case which is no doubt entertained by other persons than 'Mclia Jane.' That Tom Barley had a heart as tender as 'a babe unbornnd,' in 'Melia Jane's estimation, was perhaps true enough, but he had a strong sense of duty, and it will be seen that, common policeman as he was, ne had in him the stun* of which heroes are made. It is the fashion to dres6 heroes in grand uniform and gold lace, but the majority of them are dressed in fustian. Being a policeman, as has been stated, with a policeman's duties, was a tax upon Tom Barley's time; in that respect he was not his own master; but 'Melia Jane's verdict, that it all depended upon him, was not to be disputed. There fore, when he whs on day duty he sometimes went down to Parksides utmight, to try and find out something about his young mistress, and whether he could be of any service to her; and, when he was on night duty, he went down to Parksidee during the day, bent on the 'same errand. But he saw nothing ; heard nothing. Nevertheless, he did not relax his efforts. That they encroached upon the hours which should have been devoted to sleep was of the smallest importance; he had a constitution of iron and the strength of a lion, and, bent upon a task to which his henrt and eouI wer* devoted, he could do with three hours' sleep out of the twenty-four. Tou shall see presently of what else he was capable. It is not revealing anything in this domestic drama, which at this point should not be revealed, by stating that, in the exercise of his common policeman's duties, he did a deed which made all England ring with admiration. It is simply leaving yon in a pleasant state of mystery. His expenses to Parksides were not borne entirely by himself. He was, in a certain sense, in partnership with Fred Cornwall, who supplied him with part of the necessary funds. Fred would have supplied him with the whole, but Tom would not have it so. His service was a service of love and honour, not to be measured or reckoned ; by pounds, shillings, and pence. j That it will be Been thut the lawyer and the policeman , were on the road to worldly prosperity. -*ol so the Loth- ? bridges. A thunderbolt was forged, ready at the fatal j moment to descend upon them and crush' them. This | thunderbolt was the acceptance for throe hundred pounds -which Mr. Lothbridgc hnd given to Kiss and Mr. Linton, the dramatic author, and which they had negotiated with Jeremiah Pamflett. Un the night that Miser Farebrother drove his daughter, with cruel blows, from P.irksides, this acceptance was within time weeks of becoming due, and there was no prospect of meeting it. The cause of this is easily explained. 'A Heart of Gold,' on its rirst representation a failure, had been made the talk of the town by Mr. Linion's extraordinary speech when the audience insisted upon his appearing before the curtain. It has already been described how the papers took it up, and how great was the interest it excited. For two or three weeks the Star Theatre was crowded, and the manager advertised that seats [could be bo«kcd two months in advance. Everybody concerned in the success of ' A Heart of Gold' was in high feather. Kiss went about in :i state of exultation; the company were iu raptures, discovering in the drama diamonds which they had looked upon as paste ; the author beamed, believ ing that hi? star iisd ns^n at last. His wife was rndianr : colour came into her checks, and she visited the Leth bridges in her cotton frock, with joyful hope blooming in lier eyes. Apart from this unexpected turn to her hus band's fortunes, had she not cause to rejoice ? Her little boy was growing stronger. Friends had darted forward to assist Lin ton with loans of small sums of money to be repaid presently, when the dramatic author touched his profits. Before that fortunate day arrived, there were the expenses of the getting-up of the play to be provided for ; it was the arrangement made in the agreement into which bo hnd entered with the manager of the Star Theatre. A month's good business would clear off these expenses ; and the boat would be trimmed, and the winds would be fair, for the haven of rest and hope. But that month's good business did not become an accom plished fact. In three weeks, the interest which had been excited, and which had nothing ?whatever to do with the merils of ' A Heart of Gold.' slackened ; and theaudiences followed suit. The flash of prosperity was but a flash in i the T:nn. The emphatic verdict of the first-night audience | that the drama was not a good drama was endorsed by the i majority of tho?e who flocked afterwards to the theatre to I ju'ge for themselves. From a hundred pounds a night the I receipts fell to eighty, sixty, fifty, forty, and then dwindled down infinitesimally. ' A Heart of Gold' was not ' in' for a long run, as the elated ones declared; it was doomed. Reviewing they play from a dramatic 'standpoint, Kiss, in a subsequent conversation with Mr. Lethbridge, thus summed it up: ' It is a good play ; its literature is of a high order; it has plenty of points; the plot is strong enough; the opportunities gi\en to the a.' tors to create i part? are capital, but, my dear sir— but — and here conies j in the fatal bleinUli— it has nu villain. I must have bsen j blind not to have discovered it in time ; but I was misled by the reading. There is absolutely i.o villain. In a pure comedy, a mild villain is sufficient ; even that order of piece j requires something disagreeable— something we can con- ; denin. liut for a drama, jny dear sir, for such a drama as , ' A Heart of Go'J,' not only is a villain required, but a ' strong villain — some dau:neil unscrupulous scoundrel that the audience would like to jump upon :md tear to pieces. Kvcry character in Linrorr a r.k'cc i- too gooi : they are ail too good. There is n-.thing t» lia'..-. V- hat is the cuu^e quence'r There is uo contrast : and, sir. a drama without i-'trong contrasts will not, cannot please. Why \ Because it is contrary to human nature. Never mind the colour; never mind 'tlie improbabiiily «i the .story. Give us con trasts; and that is o.victly what Linton has not done. Love interest ': Yes. I do not know a play in which the love interest is stronger than it is in ' A Heart of Gold ' ; and yet it is a failure, and a failure, my dear sir, upon assured arid established grounds. 1 will just ask you if playgoers sympathise w'th a pair of lovers because they are lovers, because they are interesting, because they are all that is sweet, because they are true to eiu.-h other!'' ' Yes,' replied Mr. Li'thbridgc, in the innocence of his heart : ' of course- they do.' 'Not a bit of it, my dear sir,' said Kiss; 'not a bit of it. 'ih-y sympathise' with the iovers because they it re oppres.-eJ, because a villain is trying to ruin their happiness, is trying to separate them, is trying to blacken and damn the young M!o\v. That, my denr sir, is the secret of the interest the love story creates. 'Without it the audience would regard it as so much wash— mere milk and water. The more the lovers are oppressed, the more the audience sympathises with them. Pile on the agony : that is what a dramatist has to do. And a curious outcome of all this is to be found in the fait that the villain is now really the most popular character in a play. Presently he will com mand a larger salary than the leading man.' All this was very well as a matter of observation and dis putation; but it did not provide for the meeting of the acceptance, and Mr. Lethbridge looked forward to the due date with a feeling of terror. Kiss could not meet the bill ; Mr. Linton could not ; and he could not. Of the three he was the only householder ; and a man they looked upon with good cause as a common enemy was tlio holder of the bill. Ruin seemed to stare him iu the face. He kept the trouble to himself, and all the more did it weigh upon him with terrible effect. The home in which they had been so happy from the first day of their marriage was slipping from him : the exposure, would be a disgrace : the chances were (hat he would lose bis situation at the baiik. What would become of him after that ? He dared not think of it. Unconsciously he paced the rooms of the dear home, gizing at the old mementoes with exaggerated affection. They were part of his life; to every small item some story was attached which invested it with a sweet and human interest. It was an additional torture that he had kept the secret from his wife— the only secret he had had in the whole of their humble and happy 'married life. ' My dear,' said his wife to him while he was dressing in -the morning, ' you were very restless last night.' 11 \Vas I ': ' he remarked with a guilty air. '? Ye=. You were tossing about for hours, and murmur ing something about a bill.' 'Oh,' he said, ''the bank business. It is beginning to tell upon me, perhaps.' i (i Xonsense,' said Aunt Leth ; ' you want a little inedi ; cine.' ' ' yes,' he said meekly ; ' that must be it.' ' ' I dreamt of Phoebe all night long,' s:iid Aunt Leth. ' What would I not give to see her dear face !' ' It is strange we hear nothing of her,' he observed. ' It is wearing upon Mr. Cornwall.' 'And upou all of us. l'anny is quite a changed girl. All her high spirits seem to be going.' ' It is terrible,' said Mr. Lethbridge, absently. He loved Phcebe devotedly ; but he was thinking of the bill. ' Tom liarley' is going to Parksides to-night. 'Melia Jiine says he is determined to get some news of the dear girl.' ' ' I hopr- he will,' said Mr. Lethbridgf, and then they went down to breakfast. : On his way to the baDk that morning lie made up his mind that before the week was out he would confide his trouble to his wife. i j Chapter XXXVII.— O '. RARE TOM BARLEY. i Aunt Leth's statement to her husband that Tom Barley wits going to Parksides to-night, and was determined to get some news of Phoebe, was in. exact accordance with that faithful fellow's determination. Hitherto in his visits to Parksides he had contented himself with wandering aud lingering in the vicinir/v of the grounds. He had no right to enter them, and it w asa certainty that he would get him self into difficulty if he committed a trespass. Hut he was now nerved to a daring pitch, for which 'Melia Jane slightly, and Fanny Lethbridge largely, were responsible. By 'Melia Jane he was led to believe that to render his young mistress a service which might be inestimable, and of which Ehe stood sorely in need, de pended entirely upon himself. The nature of this service, and the manner in which it was to be rendered, were a mystery to the elucidation of which he held no clue, and to all appearance he might continue to go to Parksides for years, as he had already been doing for months, without his being any the wiser. But Fanny had stepped ill and implored, him to 'dosomething— never mind what nor at how great a risk — to get one word from Phoebe that he could bring back to the Lethbridges. 'What can I do, Mies?' Tom .had asked. 'Get inside the grounds at night,' Fanny had replied, 'when Phoebe's father and that wicked wretch, Mrs- Pamflett, are asleep. You know the room in which my dear cousin sleeps. Perhaps you may see a light in it— if not the first time you go, the second, or third, or fourth. If you see alight it is almost certain ray 'cousin will be awake, because she always sleeps in the dark. Throw a little eravel up at her window; you will know how to act so that she shall not be frightened . | She knows your voice, and has spoken I a hundred times of your kindness to I her. Tell her you come from me and I Aunt Leth ; that we sent you. Ask her if she wants any help 'r Say that we are all ready to die for her ; that we love her more than ever we did ; that we have written again and again to her. and that we are certain that our letters have been kept from her ; that Mr. Cornwall is here continually, and never ceases speaking of her; that he is faithful and true to her, and will be all his life. Say whatever conies into your mind, Tom, that you think will please and comfort her, and bring us back some news of her. Do, Tom ; do !' Fanny said much more than this, and said it so excitedly and with so much fervour that there was no resisting her. So Tom Barley had promised, and he set out for Parksides determined to carry his resolution into effect. lie knew what he was risking, and that if he were caught by Miser Farebrother, or Mrs. Pamflett, or Jeremiah, prowling ? in the grounds in the dead of night, he ? would be as good as ruined. He would I be dismissed the force, and ail his I bright hopes for the future would be destroyed. These considerations, how ever, did not deter him from putting his design into execution. His love for his young mistress was too profound for him to hesitate because there was danger ahead. All the more reason that he should go straight on to his service of humble love and duty. He reached Beddington station at a few minutes past 11 o'clock and he walked slowly thence to Parfcsides, congratulating himself that the night was dark, and that he was therefore Dot likely to be recognised. By mid night he was on the outskirts' of the grounds. He was familiar with every inch of them, and he was soon imme diately outside the old house, looking up at the windows. All was dark and silent; there came from within not a sound of life. There was no light in his young mistress's room, but the white blinds drawn down were an indication that it was inhabited. He resolved to wait an hour or two, and then if all still remained silent, if no sign come to him, to make a cautious attempt to arouse Phoebe by throwing a little light gravel against the window panes, fie knew, also, in which room Miser Farebrother slept, smd saw that all was dark therein. Up to this point he was safe. He had been watching and waiting for nearly an hour when he was startled bv a circumstance which could not but be unusual at such an hour of the night in that locality. For a horseman to gallop along the public road would have been reasonable enough, but for the rider to pull up imnie ' diately outside the grounds, to alight, to tie his horse to a hedge', to creep stealthily into the grounds, to peer around him in the dark for several minutes, not daring to move another step until he was convinced that he was alone, and that his movements were not observed; then to creep on aud on into the interior of the grounds, away from the house, to pause again and rake from an inner pocket a dark lantern, and to commence to search the earth for some mark of which he was in quest— all this was unusual and suspicious; but it was exactly *hat occurred, and the man peering aud searching, falling on his knees now and then and seeming to tear at the earth, was none other than Jeremiah Pamflett. When the sounds of the horse's feet had ceased outside the grounds Tom Barley had crept in that direction, and had seen what has been described. He recognised Jeremiah, but had not the slightest idea of the object which had brought the schemer to Parksides at such a strange hour. But it was not the first time that Jeremiah had been thus engaged. He was con vinced that in some parts of the e-ronnds there was a snot in which Miser Farebrother had been in 'the habit of 6ecreting large hoards of money. During the last three or four months the miser had drawn out of the bank at various times sums amounting in the aggregate to not less than -i^OO. Information which Jeremiah, received from his mother had forced upon him this conviction of a secret hiding-place. Even in the daylight, when he was strong enough to walk Out of the House ruid into the open, quivering, blecd'iig-, and staggering blindly.— Chapter XXXV.— Miser Farebrothek. in the opea air by the aid of his crutch-stick, the miser was j sometimes seen by Mrs. Pamflett creeping painfully onward j in the direction to which Jeremiah was now devoting his attention. Lynx-eyed and fox-like in his movements, -Miser Farebrother had never failed to discover when Mrs. Puni flett was watching him, and on every occasion he had peremp torily sent her about her business. He was too wary for her, but she was satisfied that he had this secret hidin'g-pLi'.c : Jeremiah was satisfied of it also, and, knowing that it ?would not be safe for him to search for it in daylight, lie had adopted this means towards the discovery. Had it not been that it was almost vitally necessary that he should produce a large sum of money by a certain date to save himself from, exposure, Jeremiah Pamflett might not have had iho courage to do as he was doing now. The cuiecr into which he had bfen tempted by Captain. Ablewhiic h;\d proved singularly disastrous. He had ' planed ' and lost, and was uow engaged in the desperate task of trying to gut his money back. If not his money, some other persun's monoj — he scarcely cared whose, or by what ine;ins, *o loup es lie made himself safe : and surely iu these midnight quests, cautious as he was, coming out of London disguised, and always careful to avoid observation, there was smali danger of -exposure ? He had not yet yet been successful. At first he had po arched wildly, and without any distinct plan, but of late he had pursued the search, systematically ; mapping oit the ground, as it were, and examining it foot by foot; and^o on this night, when be was watched by Torn Barley, l.e continued his examination. Four or five hun dred yards off lay the house, in deep shadow. From where Tom Barley and Jeremiah Pamflett were lurking, it could not be seen ; aud after Topi had been for forty or fifty minutes observing JerL-uriulTs proceed ings, it occurred to him that this was not the errand upon which he himself had come to Park&ides-; He moved silently back in the direction of tho house, and fatavted when he observed a light in the room occupied by Miser L'arebiother. Some person, therefore, must be awake in the house. Tom f elt that he was in a position of danger, but he would not desert hi s post. He fancied he heard voices proceeding from the room, but h-j was not sure, though hi s sense of hearing was extra ord inarily acute. However it mti s, tne* impression of these real fancied sounds or did not remain upon him. He stood iu silence for a few minutes, and then the light in the miser's room was suddenly extin guished. AH was dark, within aud without. He moved in the di rection of his young mistress's ro om ; there was no indication that she was not asleep, and the k nowledge he had gained that Miser Farebrother was passing a restless night was a warning not to attempt to arouse her ou this occasion. He would leave it for another time. It was now past '2 o'clock. *' One more peep at that scoundrel, Jere miah,' he thought, 'and then it will be as well that I should make tracks to London.' It was his intention to loot it ; a walk of ten or eleven miles was a small matter to such a pedes trian. He did not fulfil his intention of going in search of Jeremiah. The frout of the house opened, and a figure staggered blindly out. Tom Barley could not distinguish who it was, but it .seemed to him that the person's movements were wild and un certain, and that there was in them no attempt at concealment. The figure was approaching in his direction, swaying this way and that, attempting to catch at something for support ; then the arms were thrown up, a moan of agony escaped the lips, and the figure slid rather than fell to the ground, wh^re it lay, ttill and motionless. Tom Barley knew wbo it was the moment she fell. He darted forward, and bent over her. Yes: it was Phuebe, his beloved mistress, with marks of cruel blows upon her, with blood staining her white neck and forehead ! As he held her on his knee he saw these marks of blows and the oozing blood, and his heart beat with furious passion and indignation. This, then, had been the life of his dear mistress, the sweetest lady the world contained ; it was for this she had been im mured in the prison-house of Parksides! But he, her devoted servant, was there to protect her now, and to convey her to a place of safety. His passion deserted him ; he became cold as ice. Had he arrived too late ? Was she dead 'i He put his car to her heart. No, she was not dead. Faint as were her heart-beats, he heard them and thanked God ! There was no time to Io6e — not a moment. He would take her at once to London, where love and truest pity awaited her ; he would take her to the only home in which she had had an hour's real happiness. But how was this to be ac complished ? It must be done Bvrmly, and in secret. There were no trains,; he could have carried her light form easily to the station, but it would be hours before the departure of a train to London. .There was no possibility of obtaining a convevauce or a horse. A horse! An inspiration fell upon him. Jeremiah's horse was tethered a couple of hundred yards away. Quick as thought he acted. Swiftly and tenderly lie hi ted the inanimate form from the ground; swiftly and tenderly he bore it along. With a lightning movement he untastened the rope, and was on the horse's back, clasping Phoebe closely to him. Away he sralloped through the dark night towards London. Jeremiah raised his head. What sound was that ? The eound of a hnrsc galloping away ! He ran to the spot wuere he had fastened his horse. It was gone, ' Curse my luck !' cried Jeremiah. He dared not remain any longer. He must himself get back to London, and there was nothing for it but to walk the road.. He did not doubt but that the horse had got loose and was running riderless. Perhaps be would catch it up. He extinguished the light in his lantern, which he put into his pocket, buttoning his long coat over it. Then he shambled on, cursing and swearing. The rushing air played about Phoebe's face and revived her. The horse, urged by Tom Barley, was racing like the wind. Tom, glancing down, saw his beloved impress's eyes languidly open. 'Don't be frightened,' he whispered. ' I am with you —Tom Barley. We are riding to London. I aiu taking you to your aunt's house in Camden Town.'1 'Oh, Tom'.' she murmured, aud cla.-i-cd her : wr trembling arms about his neck, and laid her face close to his. If ever a man tasted heaven on earth Tom Barley tasted , it then. Aud Phmbe ? O dolorous night, charged with woe and pain ! O happy night, charged with visions of hnj.-o and glory! O blessed winds that ki.ssei her not aud feverish ; face and neck .' Loving hearts still boat for her: louug arms were waiting to welcome her. The sweetness over- ; cauic her: her eves were tilled with hapr,y tears. i ' Miss Phoebe',' said Turn. * 'Yes, Torn?' | 'You must try aud h.lp yourself a bit.'' 'I will, Tom. Tell me what to do.'' : '? In lialf-au-hour we shall bo in London street*. Tlien I must take you off the horse. We can't ride on it tu your auut'sdoor. Thtre ere reasons.' * I ' Very well, Tom.' i ' Do you think you will be able to walk a bit ':'' | (i I will try, Tom— and you will help me !'' i ' That I vlI. I could carry you, but it would draw attention upon us. Perhaps \ve 'may get a c;tb. Then ' there will be no difficulty.' ' Tom, I will do everything you tell me.*' ' Thank you, Miss Phoebe.' i They had taken the Croydon road to Louden Bridsv, aud in half-an-hour, when they reached a quiet street, in' which no one but themselves were to be seen, Tom lifted Pha'be from the horse. ' Hold on to iiit-, Miss Phoebe, and turn yo.t face a bit/* She did so. With a branch which he had plucked from the hedge and had used as a whip, Tom struck the horse a smart blow. Away it galloped with an empty saddle on its back, and in three moments was lost to their sigLt. ' Now, Miss Phoebe, if we can only find a cab.' Angel Fortune was on their side. They had taken scarcely a dozen steps when a four-wheeler turned the corner of the street. The bargain was soon made, and Pha'be and Tom. Eafely ensconced in the cab, were on their way to Cainden Town. ' My dear.' said Aunt Leth, shaking her husband, 'the street-door bell has rung— and hnrk ! do you hear the loud knocking 'r What can have happened 'r ' He was out of bed in a moment, and gliding down the stairs, and Aunt Leth quickly drew on a dressing-gown and hastened after him. ' Open the door.' cried Tom Barley, outside. 'It's all right. There's nothing to be frightened at.' Uncie Leth threw open the door. ' Aunt Leth, oh, dear Aunt Leth ! ' mtumured, Pha'be, and fell sobbing into the good woman's arms. 'Phoebe! my poor, dear Phoebe. Oh, look here! look here ! There is blood upon her.' 'lam well, and happy now .' ' sobbed Phoebe. {iOb, £0 happy, so happy. Dear aunt, dear uncle, don't let them take me from you again.' 'They never shall ; Jthey never shall. Oh, uiy poor doar ! oh, my coor dear ! ' Close, close' to the tender womanly heart, dose- to the faithful breast — closer, closer, closer. ?? PL-il'.c- ! ' iLTL-aitiecl Fanny, iiyhig down -b.'j stairs. ' Oh, Phoebe ! Phoebe ! Mother, give her to me ! give her to me.' And here was 'Melia- Jane, in the most outrageous of costumes, quite scandalous indeed, running down to the kitchen to )i:rb.t the fire. '* I will tell you all to- morrow,' said Tom Barley. ' Nobody must know siic is here. Good-night.' -; Tom '.'' murmured Pha'be 'Yes, Miss Pha-be.' ' GooJ-niglit, Toiu.'' ' Goud- nijrlit, Miss.' He look the thin white Luud thy held out to him. She drew his fate to h^rs, and kis»cd him. ' Thank you, Tom .' Oh, thauk you ',' The tender hV'it of the comiii^ d-i'y shout upon his tear stained luce as he walked Lo;ncMo his Im.uble'bjd. (To he C'jitU,;-uJ.) Away b.e gal lope 1 through ihe dark ni(u;ht towards London.— Cuatteii XXXVII. —Miseu Faxcluuotiieii, 