ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. TO THE LITERARY LADIES. FBY AB-ORIGINAL.1 I "The Adelaide Literary Society turned out its lady associate?, and it bo declined from proaotmty in consequence that the ladies have been readmitted! -Crumbs. "O, woman! In onr hours of ease Uncertain, coy, and hard to please, and variable as the shade By the light ouiveruu aspen made," with all thy faults-if faults they be These own indebtedness to thee. The quoted words ate WUter Scott's, Perhaps one of bis random stota Bnt then-to all his readers known He adds in quite another tone " When pain and anguish rack the brow, A ministering angel thoa." Oh, wily Walter ! thou wert wise 1 The couplet is a sweet surprise. first they cry-'1 It isn't true Then frown, and think bard things of you But quick the flattery beguilee, And every face is wreathed in smiles. The pill in jam's more bitter far Than ever pills uncovered are; There is eo much of mystery Hans* round its bid rotundity, That-like poor Eve-we need must know; We take a bite, and - grand tableau I But Walter's kindness is no sham, It's first the "jar" and then the ''jam," For good jam running all to waste For want of jars, weVl have no taste; .So first he ruffles np the nerves, And then brings in his best preserves. Though if we bite this bitter pill We find it gets less bitter still. Uncertain t Coy I What words are these That they should mar a lady's ease? As for ourselves, when past employ We like the sex a trifle coy. " And variable aa the shade!" Who doesn't vary, gentle maid ? Alt Nature knows the need of change The wind from hot to cold doth range ; For ever, on this earth of ours, We would not wish October flowers All the indictment is too thin To show more than a venial sin, For, Goldsmith's words, if here applied 44 Thy fallings lean to virtue's side," Express the case. Without a doubt The virtues blot the failings out And so those literary men Would seek to get ye back again ? They dropped ye in a luckless hour, Or e'er experience taught yonr power; Now that your worth they've learned to know Say, gentle maidens, will ye go? fay. will ye listen when they speak ? Or will you show a touch of pique? And tell them since they've helpless grown, You'll form a meeting of your own, And if they've nothing else to do, You'll let them come and learn from you ? The jam, no doubt, Is very sweet That asks ye once again to meet; But bitter must have been the pill When these young men announced their will, That all your happy times were o'er. And yon and they should meet no more. O, sweet George Billot, did it vex Your soul to see your slighted Bex? And BronW, did it raise your " ire ?' Or call forth Mrs. Heman'e flre ? And wicked Onida, did you pout When they began to wed 'cm out ? « Surely this Barbara-one affair O Mrs. Wood, did loose your11 Mir f Miss Mulock, did you angry wax. And wish them all to " Halifax?* And Mrs. Harriet Beecher htowe, Didn't you want a rock to throw? Your frame with indignation shook, 2 know fit, good Eliza Cook; And fierce Miss Braddon, would'nt ghosts Of slain Sir Guys have come in hosts If you and Mrs. OUphant Bad at these youthB got a slant ? We would give something to be near And hear the Havergallian sneer, Or notioe gentle Georgia Sand Scornfully point ber lBy hand And say to Mn. Carleton-"Bah t Are part of4 Australi-ah *n We hope, Associates, once more You'll help these youths their troubles o'er; Ton know the easiest way to live Is to forget and to forgive; Take pity on the weak youne men And kindly pick them up again. 