All Souls Church, Leichhardt. LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF 'A NEW 1'AliSONAGE. On Saturday afternoon the memorial-stone of All Souls' Parsonage, Leieliliardt, was laid by VIrs. A. J. Riley, tho Mayoress of Sydney. Amon-j others present at the ceremony wore the llev. C. Babcr. Canon Moroton, Smith, Styles nnd T. Holme (Incumbent of All Souls), Mr. J. S. Hawthorne, M.P., nnd Mr. B. R, Moore (Mayor of Leieliliardt). A i! o'clock tho shortened form of evening service was rendered with special hymns suitable to tho occasion. The service was conductcd in the church by tno Kov. u. JJaber ot otanmorc, assisted by the llev. Canon Morcton and the Kov. T. Holme the Pastor. Tho lievs. Styles and Smith were robed within tho communion rails. The Sermon was preached by the Rev. C. Babor. from the words ' Except the Lord build the house they labor in vain' that build it:' At the conclusion of the service an ad journment wns made to the -parsonage site adjoining the church, on which was erected a commodious plntform' for the convenience of the choir, clergy, and othor invited guests. Mr, Coward, of Coward and Bell (the nrcliitcets for the pnrsonnge) presented ..tho Mnyoress with n vory handsome myall mallet and silver trowel suitably engraved ! with fjheji'ollowing incription, ' Presented to Mrs. A. J. Riley, Mayoress of Sydney on lnying the foundation stone of All Souls' Parsonage, Leiehliault.'' The Kov. T. Holme :tlien read a document to be placed in a box which wiis put in the stone. The parchment contained tho names of the Governor, ^Lord Carrington, the Premier, the Mayor of Sydney, the Mayor of Leichhardt and the Aldermen of tho Muni cipality, the llev. T. Ilolmc and others. Tho Mayoress then proceeded tq lay the stone declar ing the stone to be truly laid in tho name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. The incumbcnt then called on Mr. J. S. Hawthorne, M.L.A., who delivered a very eloquent nnd practical ' address, in.whieh he spoke of the pnst praise worthy work done by tic pastor mid people of All Souls, as was plainly shown by the adjoin ing handsome : church and selioolliouso. He appealed l'or continued, zeal and liberality in connection With tlie new parsonage, which they hoped' soon to see occupied by their ltevoreued pastor and his family. . . A collection was then made and the sum so 'collected amounted to £28. Tlie Benediction was pronounced, after \vhioh cheers' were onllcd for,' and heartily given, for the Mayor aud Mnyoress, tho Kov. Mr, nnd Mrs. Ilolmo, nud 'our. member,' Mr. llawtlibruc, M.L.A; The proceedings then closed. , ? ? i The parsonage, which is nlrenily built up to tho floor level, will be-'^ ''a -substantial brick building with slnto roof of the Gothic ordor of architecture, consisting'' of two storeys and eontiuuing an entrance hall nnd eight largo rooms ns well ns ont-oilices, Tho architects lire Messrs. Coward nud Bell of Lcichlinrdt for whom Mr. 11, Mivell acts as clerk of works nud the contractors are Messrs. Bacon1 and Berr.v. The Building wll it is anticipated, bo completed in four months' time ami wi}l havo 'post iftllOO, u; ; ^ J'-' : 