V.A.T.O. RACES. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] MELBOURNE, February 14. The V.A.T.C. held a race meeting at Caul- field on Saturday. Thc weather was exces- sively hot, but there was a large attendance. Following are the results : Selling Race.-Ariel, 1 ; Lyddington, 2 ; The Ghost, 3. There were thirteen starters. Won easily by half a length. Oakfield Handicap.-Surprise, 1 ; Master John, 2 ; Chicago, 3. Nineteen horses ran. Won by a bead after a grand race. Time, 1 min. 9J sec. Handicap Hurdle Race.-Louis, 1 ; Sbar ton, 2 ; Encore, 3. Ten horses ran. Won by a nose. Time, 3 min. 2 eec. Criterion Stakes. - Albert Loddan, 1 . Bedouin, 2; Willeroo, 3. Seven starters. Won by a long neck. Time, 1 min, ยฃ sec. Handicap Steeplechase. - Goodwood, 1 . Roulette, 2 ; Studley, 3. Twelve horses ran. Won easily. Time, S min. 37 sec. Hawkesburn Handicap. - Britisher (Sst. 12 lb.), 1; Kiug of the West (7st.), 2ยก Les- bia (fist. 81b.), 3. Ten starters. Won by three-quarters of a langth. Time, 2 min. 294 Be0 MB. JA VES A. TECK gives the following method discovered by him, and which he uses with great success for tempering all kinds of tools, knives, razors, steel dyes, and other implements :-Take a suitable quantity of muriatic acid, dissolve all the acid the sine will take. Prepare a tempering bath com- posed of one part of the above zinc acid and one part water. Heat the steel according to its hardness. If hitrh or hard steel, heat until just red and then temper tn the acid bath. If low steel, heat it as hot as you would to temper in water, then temper in the acid bath. After immersing in the acid bath, cool off in water. For lathe and planer tools draw no temper ; but for other tools draw temper. Unlike water tempering,'the colours that appeal under this method give no clue to the hardness. By this troceas steel ia readily hardened to any desired degree, and may be made to cut glasB like a diamond. If desired, an acid bath, composed of two parts of muri- atic acid and one part water may be used. Mr. Peck, however, prefei'B the zinc acid, as berni more dense. A prominent advantage of this method of tempering is the certainty and excellence of its results. It never fails to yield thc temper required. It can be relied upon for every description of steel or tool. 