Brevities, (Monday's Brevities.) Some of the following items appeared in tho* second and third editions of yesterday. Souga on Melville and Norton— Lloyd. Mr. JLneram. ' of the Illustrated London News, is in Sydney. A few days ago -a gold hunting watch was found in tlie city. An owner is wanted for it. Good luck to Insolvency Court clerks. No more depositions to be taken down — Judge M-Farland attends to that. Two ladies bad a narrow escape from being run. over near Belmore Part this afternoon. One of them, -who received a severe shock to her ntives, \- fainted, and became seriously unwell. The Queen, in her speech to the English Par liament, is made to say that she hopes the remedies that have been taken in regard to Ireland will restore orderj aid encourage peace J and industry. This in the. face of the resent : riot! An open verdict was reUirned in the cast of She death of the little fallow, Martin, of Bondi. ' Annie 'Eobson and Annie Smith have been com mitted for trial en a charge of iaving stabbed, in Newtown, Annie Read, an actress. Mr. Justice Stephen says' that the most out rageous and abominable perjury has been com mitted by the one side or the other in the Dora case. So openly did several persons in the Divorce Court to-day show which, way their sympathies leaned that the Judge had to threaten to clear the court if there was any farther manifestation of the sort. (The Judge's summing-up in the Dorn case was commenced this afternoon. It will be completed to-morrow morning. Evidence was adduced at the inquest on the body of the little boy, John O'Zeefe, this after noon, to the effect that the whistle of the tram which ran over the child was not sounded either on entering Belmore Park er on approaching the central crossing. A shed at the rear of Mr. G. F. Hutchinson's saddler's shop at Forbes w*kS destroyed by fire on Saturday night. The. Molonga rouseabout-3 who went out on strike were each fined £5 15s. The fines were paid. . The woman who was fcui-d in an unconscious state in Petersham on Sunday, and taken to the Prince Alfred Hospital, is Ellen Peel. A strong now of water has been struck at Mount Margaret, Bourke, by Messrs. Wright and Ed wards' waiter auger at a depth of 382ft. Mr. W. N. Willis, of Brewarrina, declines to contest the electorate of JVentworth. He says that if he should ever again come forward it will . be for Bourke. Frederick Johnson, master of the schooner Jane, was knocked overboard by the mainsheet and drowned at Port Stephens, on Friday. The Camden Volunteer Eeserve Corps' plain and fancy dress bail was a brilliant success. A company called the Lyndhurst Milling Co. is being formed at Carcoar. The South Australian Ministerial party has returned to Adelaide from Silverton. Two larrikins, named John Diion and John Wade, were, at the Central Police Court to-day, sent to gaol for three months for assaulting Con stable Jones. People who go to the King-street wharf to ? catch a steamer will on their way probably catch a fever aB well, unless the present prevailing stenches are remedied. Who is responsible for this hotbed of disease ? The Jewish new year 5G4S is being celebrated to-day. All the Jewish business houses in the city are closed, and special religious services are . 'being held in the Synagogue and in the Protestant Ball. One of the tormentors of the Bulli Bunglers promised, before going' to the Town Hail, to ' give the committee some of the wind of the Holy Ghost.' The Bunglers now think that if what they heard was tbe divine breath they would like to go to the ' other place.' The steamer Cheviot is pronounced to be per fectly seaworthy. Mr. Ault's bird Empress won the Adelaide Homing Pigeon Club championship. It flew .172A miles in 205 minutes. Twenty-three small debts cases were disposed ? of at the Balmain Police Court by Mr. Marsh, S.M. Robert M'Dowell, the victim of an alleged assault at Crookweil, on September 1, is dead. llr. M'Naught, public school teacher at Mitta gong, has been presented by the residents with, an address, a writing desk, and a purse of sover eigns, on the occasion of his appointment to the Crown-street public sefiool, Sydney. ? As the first return special tram from the rail way picnic at Botany was stopping at the railway steps, a little boy in getting out of the tram had . his foot badly crushed by tae wheel of a cab. The employes of the Bailway Permanent Way held their annual picnic to-day at the Sir Joseph ' Banks Hotel, Botany. The picnic was attended , by about 8000 people. - 1 Fine weather throughout the colony this after noon, except at Bombala, where it is reported to be showery. A. terrific storm, with much hail, passed over the Milton district on Saturday night. 2.80 points of rain fell. A lft of temper shown by the Bulli com mittee. , Some of 'the Bulli bunglers evidently believe in , child's play — Eay one thing and mean another. 1 — I'Jl resign' said two of the committee ; but they are still on the committee. 