GALLOWS REMINISCENCES- By GAiinrmrev. Friday will lw red-lottcrcd as a bloody anniversary in the criminal initial of Now south WftTcK, to lw (mrallcled by -tiro execu tion of kcvoii or eight muii there nearly hulf a century ngo for tlio brutitl iiinssaeru of sonro nunvun. xcrrium nirocities iu this kind were committed in thn neighboring colony, when it wo at length determined to maku u frightful uxnmplo, and tiro Executive of tlin tiuiu did not flinch from what it con ceived to bo an imperative duty. Perhaps on no previous occasion was there such n diversity of opinion tut to the policy and justice of giving full effect ton capital con viction n a in thu cnso of the Mount Rimiiiu raviHliers ; nml though opiiosed to tlio death (>enally unless in sjiecittlly extreiuu cases, 1 am constrained to admit thnt tiro preponderance of publio opinion was decidedly in favor of tiro law tak ing it course unflinchingly. I iiavo not by mo any data from which (o ascertain the numlwr of executions iu New Houth Wales since tho (building of that colouv ; but tiro total must ho a formidable ouu— in which Vic toria would contrast very favorably, u fact not much to be wondered at considering tiro con vict beginnings of our neighbor. A I do not profess to writons an uxjxsrt o/ Tort Phillip Miili(N|Uciit to Iu transformation into tiro Colony of Victoria iu 1851, I can only up- proximately estimate thu uumlicr of hanging here, wliich I nut down nt about 1U5 men and one woman, Mrs Klizaluth Scott, executed- at Bcccliworth fur tlio murder of her husband oil the 11th November, 18(53. The crime thus expiated wero mainly murder, lmh- ranging. and assault with intent to kill, tiro eupitnt conviction for rape being very fow. The largest number executed for u singlo ofiencu was, if 1 mistake not, iu connection with the murder of Mr Price, tho Superiutendunt of Pentrideu, wlio, in 1857, wo killed by a gang of working con vict at WnhaiuHtown, lialf a dozen of whom were afterwards swung out of existence. Nothing can well bu more singular and- creditable to our early history than the fact ot no euiivietion for capitally assaulting a foinahi from tho settlement of Port Phillip to thu era of the gold discoveries. In 1841 thero was a committal for trial for such nti offenco ; but, through tho interposition of mutual friends, an amicable arrangement was effected by tiro- Crown Prosecutor entering a nolle prtiitef/nh, ami on thu discharge of tho prisoner, the cule- bratiou of a marrmgu between lrim and hi, victim outside tho prison gato in west Collins street. It is only right to say that iu thisensu there were no circiuiiHtuucc in aggrava tion, and there wero strong douuts. of the trial resulting in a convict-on. Tp 1841 thu first court possessing ' a jurisdiction m capital felonies was established m Melbourne, «iml presided over by the eccentric Jolm \Vnl|»r>!e Willis, our primitive resident judge, and from 'that period to 1851 (included) there were eight executions of twelve culprits, of whom seven wero whito men and jivo aborigines. With tho exeejition of three bushrangers, who wounded several, but killed no ono, oil tlio others were hanged for murder; and tho lost on tiro list, Patrick Kennedy, was a wifc-slnyer, forwhich ho was "launched into eternity" on 18th October, 1851. It is a fltraugo eircuinstauce that tho lost day of soiiiu of tiro foregoing group of criminals wero solneed by the presence, m their cell, of a youth named O'Farrell, utilised by somo of tlm gaol chaplains iw a render, theKnmeporaon who was handed in Sydney, Anno. 1807, for tiro attempted niurdor of the Duke of Edin burgh, then making Iris memorable visitation of Australia. For several years hero the execution of criminals was a public fq>ectacle, tho scaffold lieing erected ou a lovol with tiro top of tiro northern wall of thu gaol ; but prior to the erection of tho building tho scouo of three 6f tho tragedies wo in what was litcrnllv a Gallows-green, a verdant area of "bush," between the Western extremity of thm old quarter of tho gaol and Swnnston street. Tiro regularBridewell was then not a very capacious : hnclj building situate at tlie north side of Collins, and between Sixniccr and King streets.. From this place tlie culprit would bo carted in tho' 'custody of a strong military guard via Collins,' Queen, Lons'dalu and Swnnxtou streets. No funerals in Early Mulbonrnu wero in any degree so numerously attended ; for it ks a murmug'rt sight, which tho men, womenahdtha few children of tho timu turned out cn innsse to sec. It is only fair, however, to record that the general demeanor of tho gaping crowd coin- pared favorably witli the disgraceful behavior so characteristic of similar exhibitions in tiro old countries bofbro tho discontinuance of executions m public. rTfio first criminal hanged in Melbourne were two VnnDicinoniim blackfellcnv. known ns Bob and Jack, for murdering two sailor at Western Port. 'It wax on "tho 20th January, 18-12, aud I could fill two or three columns oi closely printed matter with a nnrrativo of tho extraordinary street procession, the rough-ami- tumble construction of the gallows, tiro fumbling of tho offioial who controlled tiiu ropes, tho almost breakdown of tho scaffold, and tho shocking strangulation of the doomed wretches. I will only remark here that for the jio.it of first hangman there were a" dozen applications from convicts - within, and expirees without thu prison walls. - No couqiutitivo examination being possible, tlroapiH>:ntmei)t wn conferred upon thu mont villmiums looking of thu lot, a lifer, named Davies, awaiting de|H>rtation boyoud Bits Straits, then tho destination' of all sentenced to transportation. Tlio scoundrel should havu been weil flogged for tho way in which ltu did his work. But hu hit upon a laughable mode of self improvement, of wliich ho availed him self without log of lime, so a to bo more of a workman for his noxt job ; and tin was thu manufacture of a straw-stuffed effigy, upon wiicii nt uiicrureu so successiuny, that by tho timu the next execution camu round he had ac quired sueli a regulated presence of mind,, and . was so fiuger-purfeet, ns to acquit himself in a tolerably creditable iminner. Tiro uiost remarkable of tiro early executions happened ou the 28tli June of tlm sauiu year, when Jcpps, Ellis, and Fogarty, whito men, suffered tiro extreme penalty of the law. Thoy constituted a bushrangiug trio, who madu a raid at tiro Pleuty, stuck up houses, bailed up settlors, levied block-mail, and tak ing forcible possession of a homestead, held tlio place for a day against a small party of gentle men volunteers, who set furth from the Mel- bourne Club actuated by a determination to cither kill or capture tiro highwaviucii, whom they succeeded in marching back h prisonais, were convicted, sentenced to die, and thu law allowed to take It course. There is no other instance ou record wherein something liko a programme wus introduced on thu dreary route intervening between tiro gaol and tiro callow. When thu culprits were carted in West Collins street, there was much more formality introduced in the order of march, thuu in tho case of Boh and Jack. History is silent us to the name of tiiu Maxtor of Ceremonies, a circumstance periuqw to bu re gretted, as the following arrangement proved (lim to he an individual ivho know Homething of what hu was about. The Rev. Messrs Thompson, Forbes, and Wilkinson, (Protcstnut, Presbyterian, aud Wuslcyuu Miiustura), arm in arm, flanked on tiro right, by tiro Rev. Michael Stovuux (Roman Catholic clergyman, on horseback.) Guard of tiro Military detachmuut stationed in town. Tho cart, with coffins and criminal, sur rounded by tho jailor (Mr George Wintlu), several turnkeys and constables. The deputy-sheriff (Mr Samuel Raymond), nnd two of his officials. Party of mounted jiolice. All being in readiness, on n signal from tiro Shun IT, tlio officer in command of tiro soldiery Hang out the word " March," and tho " Death March " accordingly couimencyd, moving along at a slow pace np Collins, and into Queen street, &c.; For aovoral years tiro mortal remains of executed criminals were interred outside tlio fenco of the olcl cemetery in a slice of thu now Queen Victoria Market. Tho thrco whito bushrangers were consequently buried xido by aids with the two black murderers inhumed a few month bolero, a circumstance which after wards generated one of tho most groteguuly ludicrous of tho gho.it stories— those grinning spectres, which haunt tiro traditions of not only Melbourne, but ovcry town and citv of which I have read. It wus seriously nfis»rt9d. and believed by wot a fow, tliat thn % disembodied spirits of thu black and the whites indulged in the most fantastic trick on certain niyhts in tho week, flittering through thu houseloa/, tree-covered country in the vicinity, corrol> ry- ing on tho Flag Stall Ilill, dancing round tiro feneoo! the cemetery, but never going inside it, and playing other miscellaneous prank. int- pojwiblo to particularise Thouuii no believer in ghosts, 1 accoiuuanicd a friend lato onu night to witnes tho supernatural orgies; and though my companion professed to see ami hoar ovorything re(>orted to periodically occur, I could suo nothing except tho man in tiro moon looking downward, and po.Hsibly indulg ing in a laugh nt our joint expense. As X was always short-sighted, my friend attributed my want of oujoyment to defective vision ; and 1 was comforted by tlio reflection that as hu was a Scotchman iro might havo tho faculty of "second sight." Of one thing I won positively assured, viz, that if ho failed to sec tho ghosts that tenanted his imagination ho was un doubtedly thu victim of othor spiritual in fluences, of more body and strengtn timu thosO distilled from graveyard RUporecitions. 