Uloola. BY ISABEL PLATT. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER V. At length, when hope is sick, and serious apprehensions have seized us all, and Roy has determined upon journeying us far as Brisbane in order to ascertain the cause of his unaccount- able silence, the intelligence arrives. I hot scfttcd at my bedroom window, darning U vent in the curtain, and Dorothy is at the gate, a*, usual, when the lad enters, beating the ex- pected mail. I see her sever the string of the bag with her penknife, search eagerly amongst the numerous missives and packages, slip one carelessly into her pocket, search again, and then toss the bag: back to the boy, and walk awuy slowly and wearily. She enterß the arbour, and, still slowly, tears* the envelope open. It is not from him', I know* She would never display such indifference ovset a letter hearing his superscription. How pretty and childlike she looks, that little Bister of mino, with her white muslin gown, and the violets at her throat, and her shiny tossed hair! for somehow, Dorothy can never keep her hair tidy, brush it as she may. How pretty and childlike und fresh she looks, beneath the clambering passion and grape vine» and tlio rugged bunya-bunyus ! * I watch her with a sense of pride (fhA pleasure—for does she not belong to me ?—and my heart goes up to Heaven praying that this anxiety may ceaso, and that all may yet be well. Suddenly, as' I watch her, sho trombleß visibly, while the blood forsakes her cheeks and lips, leaving an expression of terror and startled pain. She reads tho * letter through, and then staggers a step or two, as one drunken. Then, rallying her strength, sho comes flying acroars tho garden, over the flower beds, up the veranda steps, and into my room, panting liko a hunted deer. 44 Ruth, Ruth!" she gasps, in hoarse strangled tones. "Oh Ruth !" and she spreads out her hands to me as though imploring aid. 44What is it? Tell me, darling!" I ex claim, catching her wrist. For answer she holds tho letter to me, flings herself upon the ground, and, burying her face in the cushion of the low easy chair, breaks into violent hysterical sobs. One minute serves to master the contents of that fatal paper, more cruel than a butcher's knife. It is from Kate. I recognise at once the familiar ciphers, though they have 'been blotted by splashing tears, and the fingers which traced, them have shaken so they scarce could guide the pen. / DKAK DKAK DOMOTIIY, — How can I tell you what I have done ? How can I drul the blow that will crush all tho glory out of your life—and nil its faith and trust in human kind ? Oh, my darling, I am writing (in my knees; bowing my hciitl in sorrow and/contrition- kneeling for pardon, yet not daring to ask it. Oh, Dorothy, loving little sister, who would die rattier that injure me, I have wronged and betrayed you beyond atonement. I have desolated your whole future ! Oh, Ruth, oh, brothers, ho good to me all thee years—l am plunging you intodirestmisery. I have done that will innku you.never utter my name ugain,excesttoctuseit. Ihavc done that will make you shy you have two sisters only, not thice, though I be living ; und when friends ask you, " where is Kate *" will ulake you answer. " Demi! Fort- Dorothy, liuth, Brothers—George and I were married this morning. Oh, my dear, I loved him from the beginning; long before you did, and I battled with mv love ; I strove against it till it nearly killed m«. But Destiny wus against me. You remem ber —hear witness for me among yourselvos—how I Wanted to remain beneath the shelter of my home j how I begged you not to make me go away. I knew that down in Brisbane we must meet? and, though I had no thought that he would care for me, 1 could not bear the pain of seeing him. I wished to avoid him altogether— to be unite apart from him. But, ah, it might not be. We crossed each other everywhere, he seeking me, as Dorothy's sister, till the lovo that, once was hers trans ferred itself to me. What we both have suffered—how we both have striven to be loyal to you, darling —I may not tell you. To the end I never would have yielded, though I died, had he not. shown me Hint to many you, his heart being mine, would only luivc been adding wrong to wrong, nnd caused you in the end more misery than even this will. Do not think lam nlferviig any pallia tion for my treachery. Oh, no. no ! Bowed to tne dust, broken iv spirit and despairing, I win only cry, " Sister, I have sinned against you." Good-bye, (bar ones. In your bitter gi iff, however bitter it be, rest assured that it is lmppiness compared with that I suffer. Think of this wht«i you shall sit in judgment ou me. I!uth, will you write me a word .' We are going to suil for Europe next Tuesday. It you send n letter by tbe same coach Jji-iiisring this, it may X- in time to reach me. I know how good you arc, and how you have loved me, or I would not a>k to: this. Ciooil- bve, for ever. Katk. That is all, except a copy of the marriage certificate and her address. I read it to the end, and when I have finished my gaze con tinues riveted upon it—upon the brief trembling signature— 44 Kate." I can scarcely grasp its tenour. Kate— our Kate—has done this thing. Not //'•. Him I forget; though the refrain of the old xong is echoing loudly in my ears, like the ronring of sea-waves, 4< Loved and rode away." What does it matter about him ? He was not of the household—of tho ttcclve. Whatever he ha-< done is nothing ; and in my heart I have never truly trusted him : bnt that Kate (should be the Judas—the traitor ! Kate ! oh, that is terrible indeed ! A sense of swooning falls upon me—a reeling darkness—but I steady myself by grasping tho back of a chair, and soon nor wild weeping has restored me. I bend down and touch her. 44 Dorothy," I say, gently, " don't lot the servants hear you, dear, ' for I know an appeal to her pride, or rather self-respect, will be most efficaoious in calming her. But it is vain. She pays no heed ; only ories, in her anguish : 44 What shall I do ? Oh, what shall I do:'" Presently I hear Roy's voice on ' the veranda, inquiring the cause of hor distress, and I go out to him, and show him the letter. As he reads his lips tighten, and his brow contraots, and a gray pallor passes over his face ; he does not speak at once, and when he does it is not of Kate—but of him. 44 Scoundrel!" he mutters, 44 he shall pay for this !" And we stand Btaring mutely into each other's eyes, while the sound of that terrible weeping comes upon our ears. At length he says, rousing himself: 44 Go to her, Ruth, and try to comfort her. I will consider what is best for us to do." x So I return, and kneel beside her, and put my arms about'her, speaking no. word—for what can I utter that will bring her solace ?—till the storm of her grief is spent; and she lies, weak and prostrate, crushed to earth; perfectly quiet, save for a convulsive sob which ever and anon rises from her bosom. We go through the form of dining that even ing, though little is eaten and less said, the maid being present. All of us, lost in troubled meditations, are subdued and solemn as though death were in the house, and, alas! would death have been more bitter ? I carry a cup of tea to Dorothy, which she drinks meekly,' and then lays her head down again upon the chair cushion, like a weary child. 44 Don't stay, Ruth," she says, perceiving I am about to do so ; 441 had rather be alone. You can do me no good, and the sight of you makes me cry. Go away, please." And I obey. Wo rise from a scarcely touched meal, and ad journ, according to custom, to the drawing room ; where we sit a while in silence. Presently some one speaks: "This is a bad business. What is to be done ?" The spell is broken, and I exclaim, glad to relieve the pain and impotent anger in my breast: 44 Nothing is to be done! Nothingoanbedone ! Why should we do anything ? It is only the old worn-out tale., repeated a thousand times ; too old to bo even interesting :—:A man's perfidy, and a woman's broken heart." And then Roy lifts his head—he has been bowing it upon his arm as he leaned against the mantelpiece—and breathes forth curse upon curse, too awful for me to think of even ; and registers an oath of ven geance that appals us as we listen. Our breaths come quickly and we shiver; but when he says: 44 And as for Kate," I stop him, cry ing : 44 Hush, Roy; she is our sister; and suffer ing more than we are. Her fault will carry its own punishment; do not curse her." x 441 had no such intention," he answers in a softer tone. 448y-and-by we may even— forgive her, because she is our sister. 44 If an angel from Heaven," cries one of the other boys, "had told me Kate would have ..served us so I should have said he lied." 44 If she herself had told me," says another, 441 would not have believed her. In fact, I can scarcely believe it yet." 44 It's his doing," exclaims a third savagely; 44 he's talked her over; I know him, the villain!" 441 must write to her," I observe ; "what shall I say pK 44 What you please, Ruth—you know best," answers Roy. 44 Shall f say"—the words falter on my tongue, for I dread the outburst of indignation they may raise, yet I must speak, for the lad is waiting in the kitchen, and the mailbag is not sealed—" shall I say—that we forgive her?" There is a long dead pause. 44 Remember," I pursue, " she is embarking upon a perilous voyage, and we may never see her faoe again." Then Roy repeats, "Anything you please, Ruth." And I write: Mv Dkah Katk,—Your letter has indeed plunged us inte grief. Why, my child, were you not more candid with v* ? However, it cannot be helped now; and I do not wish to reproach you. We pardon you freely—but not your husband. Our opinion of his conduct need scarcely be expressed. I think it ad visable you should take a voyage of some length before seeing- us, as the pain will, by that time, be lessened on all sides. Write aa often as you wishj but do not mention his name. With much love and prayers for your future happiness, from urn all, I am still, dear Kate, your affectionate sister, Kcth. This letter being approved of, we fasten it up, and prepare the mail, one melting the wax, another cutting a piece of string, while a third holds the bag; but none converse, und no sound is audible, except the ticking of the timepiece, and tho wailing of tho curlews. And in that stillness the door is opened, and Dorothy, haggard and white as a troubled ghost, with dark rings circling her woful eyes, enters. She docs not address us, but walks straight to the sewing basket, and, having selected some embroidery, seats herself upon the couch by the oriel window, and commences to work. There is that' about her which compels us hold our peace, and we finish the task before us silently. But when the bag is ready, and tho usual hour for prayers has struck, I suggest summoning the servants. Then she raisps her heavy lids. 44Wait a while," she says in a hoarse whisper, as though her voice had forsaken her from so much bitter weeping, and putting aside her work she essays to speak, but the words seem to choke her, and two large tears course slowly down her cheeks. Then Roy crosses over to her, and sits beside her. 44 Dear little Dorothy," he says, drawing her to him. and folding her in his strong protecting arms, " this is a Bad Bad blow; but you have us yet; and you must try and be a brave girl for onr sokes." Sho struggles against her agitation for a brief space, and then, flinging her arms about his neck, sho cries: 44 Oh, Roy, what shall I do ? What shall I do t" And all the despairing passionate abandon ment of grief overwhelms her once more, till she lies, the dainty white gown limp and tumbled, and the beautiful gold brown hair •dishevelled, like a poor dying bird in his bosom. \- Roy says nothing to her, but the expression on his face is terrible to see. I think,"if Dorothy's faithless lover were to enter at this moment, he would strike him to the ground— dead. And I—would I prevent him ? Would I! I don't know. After awhile she disengages herself, and stands looking steadfastly at us with miserable eyes and drawn face—not a bit pretty now, and having none of the old tender music in her voice as she says, brokenly, and with difficult utterance: "Don't think I'm going to be always—like this. I did not mean—to give way now. Only it's new to me. I shall be quite quiet—after to-night. And don't trouble about me—in any way. I shall not break my heart. Ruth, will you come with me ? I'm going to bed. Good night, all." 44 Good night, Dorothy." " Good night, dear," respond the boys, and we pass from their presence. Almost as the tired head drops upon the pillow, she falls asleep; and 1, keeping watch, thank the Lord for sending this raeroif ul respite frem agony to hor poor tortured soul. I do not attempt to sleep myself to-night, knowing the effort would be vain; bo I merely enwrap myself in my dressing gown, and fetch the big easy chair to hor bedside, and prepare to spend tho night in her room. Sho slumbers hoavily, seeming rather under tho influence of stupor from exhaustion than the enjoyment of natural rest, until near morning, when she begins to toss about, and to mutter in coherently ; and I find sho is alarmingly feverish. What if she wero about to bo ill, and we so far from medical aid ? Had I best reuse one of the boys and send him for a doctor, or wait for the day to dawn ? As I am debating . the question, she awakes. 44 Water!" she gasps, and I hold a glass to her parched lips. She drinks greedily, and I notice how wild and glittering her eyes are, and how short and flurried her breathing. Thank God she recognises me! 44 Ruth," she Bays, "is that you ? "What has happened ? I can't quite remember." Alas, memory returns only too quickly. 44 Ruth," she cries, " Ruth—put waterlilies in my hair, and in my hands. Promise me!" 44 If you wish, I will, dearest," 1 answer, a strange terror creeping over me. 44 Ruth," sho continues, clinging to me with her small hot fingers, " did he never love me ? Never ? All the time he was telling me so ? Was he deceiving me, or did he love me for awhile, and grow tired, and ride away, as we said ? Why did we say that, Ruth ?" 44 Why, indeed, my poor darling!" I cry, weeping, but she does not hear. 44 It seems so hard to believo they are married—Kate and he," she says, piteously ; 44 he said' he loved me so, and that he would come again—come for me. And I waited patiently, trusting him ; and now he will never oome. He is talking to her as once ho talked to me, and she has faith in him, as I had; oh, and he will be true to her—he is only false to me. Don't you recollect, Ruth, the first day I met him, I asked him not to forsake me for Kate, and he said he would, not ? It was only fun, but he has—and I thought he would, for she is so beautiful and clever and good— everybody loves her. But how could she be so cruel ? Kate who was little when I was, who grew up with me, who knelt beside me when mother died, and told her she would take care of me, for I was crying so, and she was stronger. Oh, Ruth, I didn't think this of Kate—and mother didn't either, I know. 44 Don't talk about it now, Dorothy, dear," I say to her, but she does not heed. 441 would not have minded half so muoh," she continues, more to herself than to me, 44 had it been anyone else—had it been that one he was betrothed to first —because then I should have only lost him, but as it is I've lost them both. I wish I could see Kate—take me to her, Rnth—not him—l never want to see him again, but -I must see her! Let me go-!" and she strives with me. 44 Dorothy, Dorothy, my dearest, listen. It is too late to-night. Wait till to-morrow,' when the sun is shining." 441 shall be dead to-morrow," and she recites mournfully— I have lived and loved, but that was to-day, Make ready my gTave-clothes to-monow!» 44 Tell them, when I am dead—let them look upon me, and toll them it is their doing. Will you, Ruth?" 44 If you die, I will, dear. But you are not going to die yet." "Yes, lam. I want to. Do you think I could livo under this black oloud always ? It is dark, dark, everywhere. There is no sun, no moon, no stars. All is dark. Who could live in everlasting gloom ?" 44 But the sun and the daylight will return, dearest, and yonr night of sorrow likewise wear away, and peace shine again." 44 Never for me. Neither peace nor daylight for mo any more. The storm passes when its strength is exhausted, but what is that to the stricken treo, lying blackened and seared on the ground ? He has put out the eyes of my soul. lam blind. I dwell in eternal night.'' • Thus she rambles on, always conscious, yet verging on delirium, through the solitary hours, till the first gleam of morning creeps over the hills, when I get one of the boys to saddle a horse, and ride swiftly through the bush, twenty miles, to summon the nearest doctor. But our little Dorothy does not die ! After a few days' illness she resumes her place amongst us—paler and qniter, and sveeter than even hitherto, but otherwise un changed. She lives: and the months go by, and the storm cloud—the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand—which George Can* pointed out, risiugjustabovethehorizon, and that burst with such terrific force upon our heads, has spent itself, and the sun is shining radiantly onco more. Once more the songs are sung, the waltzes played, and the stories read; onoe more Dorothy accompanies me to the kitchen of a morning, and helps me makes the tarts and sauces and puddings, and in the afternoons repair the linen and the socks. 44 She has borne it well. She cduld not "have suffered muoh," Roy says to me one evening as we watch her tossing the tennis ball .on the lawn and laughing. For how can a man read a woman's heart ? I know, and I qnly, that there is that gone out of her fair young blame less life whioh can never never be restored; that there are shadows in the violet-blue eyes which no joy can ever disperse, and scars on the innocent soul whioh time cannot obliterate. I know that, notwithstanding the laugh and the bounding step, she is no longer a thought less merry child, existing only in the pleasure of the minute;' but a true sad woman, who has tasted of the tree that makes men wise, and, having tasted, can dwell no more in the bowers of a perfect Eden. She possesses, perhaps, a greater depth of character, and a tenderer,'more unselfish, dis position than would have been hers had all briars been removed from her path, and the fiery ordeal through which she was forced to Eo been spared her ; but, alas, at what a cost as she gained these attributes! Even the radiance of her morning life. Her beauty remains to her; nay, is intensi fied, etherealised, refined; her winsome coaxing ways still cling aboirrher, chaining us to her car, willing captives; yet, withal, I know—and I think we all know—she is our little Dorothy no more—no more ! [to bk coxtjxued.] 