?!CTHE:CRAPOCK GHOSr. ? 10 THB EDITOB. Sir— 1 see by the columns of your p»nsr that we have to deal with two more each as Shegog, namely, Evans and Jones, who, like Shegoe, after they had seen the child oould ku me nubuuig iu.il. ui^uu our w:k\j myruiug what they thought of it, at least, not to my face like men would do. Quite true my child was bedded on a pug floor, if Mx. Evans wkhes to call it so, or rather on a natural ground floor, for since the wailB wera built there was nsver a floor put in, nor waa the room finished cr furnished, and therefore only uEed for sundries; and as Mr. RoaeRhiero has only two Email dwelling rooms besides the tvro pag-floored at tha back we had to make uhq of one of those, for the family only had a few days' notice of our coming when they took my two children and myself in and hr.d little time to prepare anything. I never heard of the taffey-aticka mentioned until it was published, but very likely Mc-Esrs. Evans and Jones are food of lollypopa and think the child mnst be the same. - Nor can I ray that it is the spirit of the child's mother that troubles her, but am jUBC as sure that it la something awful that overcomes her. I am a poor man and caiinot do as I wish this moment, bnt as soon as circum stances will allow I Trill tske a step which I trust will prove that it is not a fraud nor tuckery. I do notintend to take her to tho like of Evan3 or Jones, but to gentlemen who I hope will have understanding, and then I will see what I can do. It seemed strange, very strange, to thoso two that the child should drop into a deep slumber in one miDnte and a half, but I think that any man with common sense could see that such a slumber is not a natural one, and my opinion is that some cower overtakes her and at that moment she drops into a kind of trance,' and shortly after this she begins to work in- tits, and because the child would not keep Btill for these two to open her eye whilst in that state, cr to be stifled by a strong ammonia bottle, with which Jones had teased her night after night, or a few such foolish trials, tho child must be awake or shamming asleep. ' I ear neBtlv wish that some may be good enough to hold an ammonia bottle as strong as the one which Jones possesses under hia and Evans's noses, asd see how long they stani it without turning away. Ho3t likely they will cover their heads if applied night -after night. What seems most striking ia that after Evans had left Blackrcck Jouea still came to see if he could find out anything more about the child. He had on several occaEvons asked me to leave her at hia reai dence for a night. I refused to do, as, ao far, I pocsider he had done nothing but what I think foolery to find out anvthiog. He told me that he thought the child was En&mming;, but he may see Eomething vrhich would con vince him 'that he waa wrong. And yet at that time that man had signed his name to a statement which says it is a clear fraud, and Etill by his words thero rras nothing certain about ifc. Your correspondent said that the night when the child was slung in a ham mock there were no raps, but he knows well that the knocking does not come every night ana noi as ine ezuib nours. xnis mystery has nothing to do in connection with the four pigs standing on their heads or conductor either, and over which I wonder how the public could bo made to believe Buoh. I among many do not. Should the public have made a mistake, perhaps it was K. Evana singing and not the pigs. I am, Sir, &c;, A. SCHDLTZF, , June 14. The father of the little girl.' ! 