Australian Tales and Adventures. No. !£• — (Concluded?) -0-0-0 : A RACE FOR LIFE. By R. P. WMtworth. CHAPTER IV. WHAT DICK NTJGENT DID. As I have already said, Dick Nugent was ail cfficer in the cow defucet Cape Monnted Biflcs, and that, after the disbandment of that gaUant corps, he came out to Australia. So he did. Bat there remains between Grahams' Town at the Cape, and Au3(ralia, a hiatus of two years to be filled up, and this is the very mystery, a mystery about which you could very rarely get Dick to say anything, for he was as modest as he was brave, and his gallant deeds, although recorded in the regi mental orders of the day, were seldom, if ever, ■ allied to byhimselF. The fact is that Dick, daring the two years referred to, had been in New Zealand, where he had done good service with the troops under the command of the gallant and lamented Von Tempsky. Dick was as dash [ ing a light dragoon as "ever wielded a Eabre, or wore a forage cap on three hairs, and soon attracted the attention of hia brave leader, by whom he was signalled out for any deed re- , quiring special smartness and daring. It was | indeed a perilous time. The hill tribes of ; Maoris, under the astute Tamati unga Mann, and the ferocious Patarika his brother, had descended from the elopes and fastnesses of Tongariro, Euapsha, and Hahitapanua, and had descended, breathing blood and slaughter on the peaceful settlements of Kskaramea, and the Patea Biver, and had joined the Pariatea natives under "the prophet" Te Whiti in what they looked upon as a holy war against British rule. The Maori is a strange compound of cunn ing, ferocity, cupidity, and generosity. Faith ful as a friend, he is equally treacherous as an enemy, and in his anger knows neither pity nor remorse. Instigated thereto by the fanatical leaders named, the wild Bavages of the interior cams down in thousands to sweep the detested f'Pakehas" from the face of the land, and it was to stay this torrent of human passion, to drive baok this avalanche of cruelty and rapine that Yon Tempsky and his gallant band had penetrated so far island as the "Upper Wanganui river, the very thres hold of the Maori territory. They had been tolerably successful in repelling the advancc of the eavages, and had, at all events, contrived to keep the lower settlements free from attack, but, although the danger was in a great meaeure ignored and pooh- poohed at head quarters by the military authorities at a safe. distance in Wellington, still those who knew the Maori character best, saw that this was bat the smouldering of the fire that should presently hurst forth like the sleeping volcano of Tongariro in the distance, and overwhelm the land in ruin and dismay. Yon Tempsky's troops were stationed at a block house in a clearing on tha edge oi a clump of bush, which though tolerably open on its outskirts, grew gradually more dense inland, until at a mile or so from the camp it was almost totally impassable. To the North and West of the encampment the country was more open, and was dotted with numerous clearings and patches of cultivated land, the homesteads of well to do settlers, who were anxiously waiting the current of events, not knowing one day from another when the terrible Maoris might spread deso lation in their midst. Dick Nugent and three others had been for more than a week detached from the main body on outpost duty, as an advance picket or scouting party. They were stationed about fourmilesfrom the camp acd occupied quarters at the farm of one of the cut-settlers. Every thing was quiet, and although rumors were rife that the Maoris were rising in this or that direction, nothing definite could be seen or heard of the wily foe. Still there was a portent of trouble in the very air, and the silenee and stillness was like that before a thunder-storm. The storm was, ala?, to come too soon. One fine morning in February Dick, who was in charge of the picket, divided bis men into two parties with the object of paying a visit to two outlook spots which commanded a view of the surrounding country. There were two not very lefty bills cloeetotbe edge of a belt of forest, which stretched away to the lofty ranges to the east ward. It was the custom of the two parties after visiting these outlooks to meet half- way between them, and then to visit a ford in the river a mile or so further on. Dick and his comrade had visited their station, and perceiving no cause for alarm, had passed along to the jnesting plsce to join the other party, But no one appeared. They waited until, becoming alarmed at the un wonted delay, they advanced slowly and cautiously along the track. It was very strange. The country round was silent as the grave. Not a sight nor a sonnd that could betoken the presence of an enemy, and yet they felt a singular premonition of impending danger and disaster. Had the beginning of the end then arrived? The question was speedily answered, for, nearing the foot of the hill, Dick, who was in advance, suddenly dropped on his knees behind a bnsh, signing to his companion to do the same, as be per ceived something moving threugh the bushes ahead. It was as he half thought, a party of Maori warriors, tatooed and painted, stealing on the silent lope -which characterises their, march. The terrible war dance had been performed, the war canoe had been launched on lake Botorora, and they had come forth from their fastnesses breathing war and thirsting for slaughter, headed by the ferocious and bloodthirsty fanatic Patarika Nga Hauu himself, than whom any one more diabolical in aspect or in character, it was impossible to conceive. Too well they knew what had happened; the demon band, themselves con cealed in the bush had seen the poor fellows unconscious of danger on the summit of the hill, and had stolen round and slaughtered them with the murderous meri. Dick and his companion had barely time to sink out of sight in the thick fern and undergrowth that skirted the road when they eame into fall view. lied .toy tfie gigantio Patarika, a very Hercnles in size and strength whose patu etifi reeked with the blood of the troopers, they passed stealthily and rapidly along the track in the direction of the other hill, evidently knowing the habits c'i he scouts, who had in all probability been watched, and intending to mutder them like wise' and to mate a raid on the settlers round before the main body of trocp3 ehonld hear of it. The Maoris passed as silently as ghosts, they numbered about fifty, and were all fully armed and equipped with native weapons, and a few having fire arms. No time was to be lost. The Maoris would soon discover the escape of their intended vic tims, 8nd' would either search the bush for them, or what was more likely, make straight for the farm, and murder every soul, man, woman, and child, in it. Partly crawling therefore, partly running through the masses of dense undergrowth, the two troopers made a bee lino for the house. But ere thay reached it they had half a mile of open country to cross, and before they had left the forest they heard the yell of disappointment from the Maoris at finding their victims gone. Dick well knew that their wonderful instinct for tracking would eoon send them in hot pursuit, and he therefore urged his compan ion forward with all the speed he could. Bui the young fellow had neither the wind nor endurance Dick had, and scon began to lag behind. Ia vain Dick epurred him on, for hia strength failed him, and at last, just as they reached the open, and after a last effort, he tripped over' a root, fell prone on the earth, and at the same time sprained hifl ankle. " Put a bullet through my head, Dick, and leave me," said the poo* fellow, in mortal anguish. " Yes, and through my own at the same time. No Bob, not yet, While there's life there's hope, I'll drop a lev? of 'em at any rate, and if they do catch us, 1'Jl save the last two shots for you and myself." "Yes Dick, but I can't even walk, and they have guns." " Bah, guns, why lliey couldn't hit a hay stack," and eo saying he elong hi3 comrade over his broad shoulders, and set off again at a rapid pace. But he had barely got half way over the open flit when the Maoris buret from the covert, with a loud yell cf del:ght at seeing their quarry so near them, while he re doubled his tfioria to reich the house. It was indeed a race for life, and he was too heavily handicapped to have much chance. N.verthcless he struggled bravely on, nerved to desperation by the sav£ge veils and taunts behind him. Of the Maoris, one, a famous runner, had for outstripped the others, and was rapidly gaining on him, intending, when within dis tance, to hurl his spear at the flying foe. Bat Dick knew better than that. Stopping suddenly short, when his comrade told him the Maori was within revolver range, he turned, took a quick aim at hia advancing enemy, fired, and the savage, bounding for ward, fell on his face coughing up blood, with a bullet through hia chest. Bat this short pause had, of course, given the pur suers some advantage, although the one or two who had the lead did not seem at all anxious to keep up that honorable distinc tion.- Yet they did not abate their pace, and rapidly gained on him, as with his load his travelling was necessarily slow. Nearer and nearer the enemy, and nearer and nearer the house. Would he reach it. The white faces at the window were those of the settler's wire and daughter, while at the door, and ready to close it behind the sorely beset man, stood the settler and his son. Would he ever win that friendly door ? A few steps more- He falters, staggers, pulls himself together for a last effort, and fairly falls through the open doorway into the middle of the apartment as a spear quivers in the door. Thank heaven! Quick rifles, crack, crack, two streams of fire, two puffs of smoke, and'two more of the savages bite the dust. Aye, yell, and scream, and blaspheme in the language of Mania, oh redoubtable Patarika nga Manu, but keep out of the reach of those venomous looking rifle barrels, or your Ban gatiraship is sped. Of the gallant defence of the homeEtead by that little band until warned by the signal smoke agreed on, the main body of troops came up, and forced the Maoris baek into tho bush, who, having been in that part of the country, has not heard, and who gained such honour both at head quarters, and from his commander? He having held the ferocious savages at bay, and escaped with his life by something little short of a miracle, was looked upon as a kind of hero, and although he never talked about this feat of his, still his reputa tion clung to him, anid, as a matter of course, made him a favourite with the ladies, even had his natural good humor and gaiety of heart not done so already. 