MR. LOCKE RICHARDSON AT THE ALBERT HALL. Mr. Locke Richardson, who comes to 1l_e colony with a good refutation from Sydney aud Melbourne, opened at the Albert Hall on Saturday night to a large house. In the ast several public reciters who have been ell received in the other colonies have .not anaged to bit the popular taste in Adelaide, but that should not be the case with Mr. ocke Richardson, who has all the attributes of a popular elocutionist with none of heir professional faults. The piece chosen or hia initial appearance in Adelaide was ickens's " Christmas G&roL;" Thackeray decribed this story "as the beet charity ermon ever preached," and those who were ortunate enough to hear its recital on Saturday night will probably agree with the great satirist. Mr. Richardson has a remarkably good presence, and his opening remarks put him en rapport with hia audience when hie rich, f"U voice abruptly announced that" Marley was dead to begin with. There is no doubt whatever about that. Old Marley was as dead as a doornail." The audience smiled, and the smiles became Eomewhat more pronounced as the clever elocutionist, with appropriate gesture, retold Charles Dickens's delightful story. The audience were swayed by the reciter as in musical tones he followed the outlines'of the beautiful sermon. With wonderful command of his voice he portrayed Scrooge so well that those present were almost expecting to see the miserly merchant before them. A change, however, came with the hearty " Merry Christmas" of the nephew and the timidity of Bob Cratchit was sympathized with. The piece does not allow much room for declamation, but those fine touches of humour and the lining of jmthos were interpreted to the audience in a way that showed to many of them the story in a new light. In the earlier .part Scrooge's actions {are detestable, and this became manifest iu'the faces of those present. The well-simulated horror with which he saw his partner's ghost induced the hearers to applaud Mr. Richardson, but when a little later he depicted the delight of the juvenile Cratchits at the rich smell of tbe ChriBtmas goose the auditory smiled sympathetically. Tiny Tim's applause at the richness of the stuffing was re-echoed, but when somewhat later the spirit showed old Scrooge the death-bed of Tiny Tim, the father's grief drew tears from many of those present. The story was repeated almost in its entirety, and the recital of whole passages demonstrated what a wonderful memory the reciter has. That he was in thorough accord with his theme was evident by the approriateness of his action and the inflection of Eis voice as the different scenes in the panorama passed before the auditory, and the proof of hiB success was the laughter of the audience, followed almost directly by sobs from many of the ladies present, as _ Dickens's pathetic words with a new significance were uttered. For an hour and three-quarters Mr. Richardson detailed the story, and anyone perfectly ignorant of the English language would have had no difficulty in following tbe sentiment of the plot if he had watched the faces of those present. At the conclusion Mr. Richardson was loudly and deservedly applauded. The "Merchant of Venice," which will be recited on Tuesday, should attract a large attendance, as the nature of the comedy gives more scope for the declamatory power which the reciter evidently possesses. 