Items. Bread 3d. loaf. Rainfall, 1.370. Football match. Burra v. Cavalry. splendid rams again. The exhibition opens this day week. :_?_. More displays of disloyalty in Sydney. Cavalry v. Buna volunteers to-morrow. Rainfall for Saturday and Sunday, l*37° The new Premier is a firm man and a straight goer. Holidays for next week— Tuesday and Wed nesday. Plenty of illicit stills said to be at work in Sydney. Members of Parliament to have a fortnight's holiday. Mr. Copley definitely contests the Council elections. The horse disease has broken out again at Cockbum. ? That Cradock child is young to be guilty of imposture. if 14,780 spent on relief works in N.S.W. last month. Severe earthquake in Russian Turkestan, Central Asia. - ' Mayor's fond over. £$a. Send four contri butions along. Twelve men are working on the Jubilee Avenue work. ? . !T ' ?' It will require nearly 400 trees to plant the Jubilee Avenue. A ten head battery to be erected at once on the King's BltffiV We have a Premier now whoTmows how to put his foot, down. The new. Tay bridge has been opened, alsa die Severn tnnneL The ill-health of the German Emperor is causing grave fears. Sir John Downer will be apprised of hu loss of office at Albany. A revolution is anticipated in France should die President resign. The grandest rains of die season on Satur day and Sunday last A pine-apple has been grown at Port Pine without artificial heat* \- The Government will release a number o prisoners on June 21. Two more S.A. students have distinguished themselves in London. Only one of the new ministers, Mr. J. C. F. Johnson, is new to office. Two Afghan regiments are said to have desertnl in flip rehri trihre. Messrs. Drew & Co. about to build big busi ness premises at Broken Hill. Only one lawyer in this team, but two in several that have gone before. . The Adelaide Academy of Music to be turned into business premises. \- Last wheat harvest in New Zealand averaged close upon 25 bushels per aire. The advance of 26,000 Russian troops towards Afghanistan is reported. £50 more wanted for die Jubilee Avenue work. How much will you give ? . One or two trees blown dbwh on Sunday, owing to the saturation of the soil. Three members of die new Ministry have been Commissioners of Crown Lands. Same of the employed contributing to help the unemployed. Where are the rest ? The Northern Battalion V.F. retain their grey uniforms but adopt scarlet facings. The U.S. Government have refused to permit pauper immigrants to land at any ports. Warburtoo's station far north Was been attacked by blacks but they were repulsed. The N.S.W. Soudan contingent will be allowed to wear die Khedive's bronze star. The Craddock ghost family are being pro ceeded against by the police for imposition. The unemployed helped for a time by the Mayor's fund, but still more work is needed. The Regi ster wants to find a Moses to bring water out of die rocks for irrigation purposes. me mining 1 merest win nave an entnusi astic guardian in die Hon. J. C. F. Johnson. An attempt to be made to finally pass die Coercion Bill in die Commons on Friday next Captain Castine is going to move for amend ments to the volunteer regulations in the As sembly. Quartz estimated to yield 2 or. to the tonn has been struck at a depth of 1,400 feet i Victoria. The Mayor is arranging for thirty men to be employed dam sinking for the Government immediately. How long will it be before die prematurely released prisoners will be back again in their old quarters? Applications received at diis office for 2,693 trees, which will be available id about ten days or a fortnight. The Sydney City Council haVp rescinded die vote of £xtp passed to illuminate the Town Hall on Jubilee day. Russian menoiwarbavebeendetectedsketch ing and surveying in the China seas in the vicinity of Singapore. The Burra ladies are obtaining a great number ot signatures to die 'Women's Address to the Queen.' Driver Keats, guard Laing and stationmaster Gedge to be prosecuted for neglect leading to. the- Victorian railway accident : . A mass meeting in Adelaide to protest against die Crimes BUL Messrs.. Glynn, M.P. Cohen, M.P.- and Nash, M.P. amongst the speakers. - ? . ? . . . The President of die French Republic' has dureatened to resign if die deputies do not support die Government just formed. . '_ Parliament meets to-day but will simply grant a fortnight's adjournment to the new team to allow them to agree on a policy. Mass meeting in Adelaide to protest against die Coercion BUI was addressed at great length amidst frequent applause by Mr. Glynn, M.P. The French and Russian Governments have induced die Porte to refuse to sign die conven tion with England on the Egyptian question. Tomatoes were grown as mantel ornaments in Eastern Pennsylvania in 1837. As late as 1837 in Connecticut, diey were regarded as poisonous. ? -. : Burra Town Council and Volunteers have accepted Mr. Burgess's invitation to attend the Jubilee celebration next Sunday at the Wes Nearly 200 of die new mounted infantry were to have attended in Adelaide at die opening of the Exhibition, but the uniforms cannot be got ready in time. Great Britain makes from her own orchards 220,000,000 gallons of oder annually, and im ports about 900,000 barrels of apples from die UnitedStateK ? Adelaide Football— Port Adelaides defeated Adelaides by 4 goals to 2. South Adelaides defeated Gawlers by 10 to I. Hnthann: and West Adelaides a draw. Mr. F. A. Whittaker, formerly a member of Parliament in New Zealand, has shot himself, the bullet passing dirough his brain, and yet he lingered several hours. Some critics wonder at die combination of freetraders with protectionists to oust die Go vernment, but do tiiey not see diat such a weak kneed lot could be trusted by neither friends nor foes? Mr. Moulden moves for a Bill to deal with debtors crossing the border, Mr. Ward for one to abolish imprisonment for debt and Mr. Glynn for 'another to abolish distress for rent. Significant of the times. 