The Storyteller. Under the Spell of the Mountains. BY IRIS. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER I. THE GRAND SALENE. An autumn day was drawing to its dose as Robert Strong turned his steps towards the Hotel Métropole, which stands amidst beautiful gardens on the shores of the Lake of Geneva. He stood for a moment or two looking at the golden lines of twilight reflected in the shining waters, at the distant line of the snowy Alps with Mont Blanc towering in the centre. It is not possible to see the king of European mountains more than once a week from the town, but this evening the sky was clear and the atmosphere wonderfully pure. Mr. Strong had been wandering among the mountains that day, and was still conscious of that shade of melancholy which often falls upon the traveller who journeys through sublime scenery. He felt a certain repugnance to enter the hotel, from whose doors a cheerful light was stream- ing—he was not quite ready to descend to the common-place world again. He had stood the day before upon a far-off mountain peak, with vast dark musses rising on either sido, and in the distance Mont Bluno and tho rest of tho glittering snowy range appearing to flont in the heavens liko tho alabaster walls of Paradiso. No language can convey the ravishing beauty of tho scono—its exciting sublimity and splendour. A certain awe had fallen upon him ; ho felt as if he were standing in the presence of the Invisible Spirit, whose being informed the majestic landscape; and he still lingered, half unwilling to lose sight, even for a few hours, of the now Ihdistinct reminder of that entrancing dream. For a moment the cold gray hues which wore settling upon the Alpine Range gavo way to a deep, warm, radiant pink, whioh made him think of a smile playing ovor the features of a sleeping angel, and, while he watched, the glow was once more lost in the twilight. He sighed as he again turned towards the life of " solemn trifles ' and entered the little side-gate of the garden. There wero not many tourists at Geneva, now, and he was a little surprised to see three unmistakably English persons seated on the opposite sido of the table when he took his place at dinner. The season of fogs was unquestionably setting in; us a rule the British traveller avoids climates which remind him of his own in this unpleasant respect. He thought that they, liko himself, must have visited Geneva before, and would know that there are peculiar charms in tho scenery at this season. There wore so few persons at the table he felt half inclined to address the new-comers, who appeared to be husband and wife, with a sister or young lady friend, but the gentleman had evidently entrenched himsels behind his British reserve and offered no opportunity for the exercise of Mr. Strong's good intentions. The younger lady looked more refined than her companions, and ato her dinner iv what he felt to be graceful silence, uulike the timid per formance of her companions, who required the waiter to explain each course to them as it was brought round, and whispered their doubts audibly to each other. The concierge informed him, as he passed through tho hall on his way to the smoking room, that the names of his compatriots were Mr. and Mrs. Bingham and Miss Proscott, and that he believed the ladies to be sisters. Mr. Bingham followed his stops a few minutes after, and learned his name from the same source. Finding that he and Mr. Strong were the only English-speaking men among the smokers he addressed him. Mr. Bingham's timidity appeared to have vanished now that the ordeal of dinner was over, and he proceeded, having found a listener, to relate a great number of his experiences of the past six months, during which time ho had been travelling in various parts of Europe, together with the opinions he had formed of the different towns. His listener observed with some amusement that he appeared very much more anxious to expatiate upon the hotels, with their advantages or disadvantages as the case might be, than to speak of works of art, the beauties of architecture, or of the scenery through whioh he had passed. When in the course of his narrative he came to Genoa, of whioh town he appeared, on the whole, to approve, Mr. Strong asked him if he had visited the Campo Santo. " Yes, sir, certainly we did. And a more confounded place for noise I never heard. Couldn't get a wink of sleep all might I" " I don't think we can be speaking of the same place," Mr. Strong began, but his com panion interrupted him. " Oh, yes! I know the place in and out. You can't tell mo much about Genoa that I don't know. Old Isotta keeps it, don't he ?" " The Campo Santo is the cemetery, don't you know ? You are thinking of the Isotta Hotel," Mr. Strong mildly said, unable to re press a ghost of a smile, which unfortunately Mr. Bingham saw. He stammered and grew purple in the face, and though his countryman said, kindly enough, that in hurrying through so many strange places it was very natural to confuse some of the names, Mr. Bingham was not to bo appeased. He considered that Mr. Strong had maliciously tried to make him appear to be speaking falsely, and later on spoke of him to his wife as an insolent jackanapes, who thought he knew everything and wanted to set every body right. "Do you mean that distinguished-looking man who sat opposite us at dinner ?" the lady asked. " Distinguished counter-jumper!" fumod her husband. "It serves me right for condescend ing to speak to an Englishman." "And yet," the young lady, who was sitting at some little distance said, " there is an insur mountable barrier to your speaking to the men of any other country, unless they happen to be able to spoak English." "Of course you'll sneer, Alice; youalwaysdo. Every educated foreigner speaks English. ' " Then how are you to tell whether they are your own countrymen or not ?" "Really, Alfred," Mrs. Bingham put in peaceably, " you must be careful not to decide against making the acquaintance of this gentle man till you have ascertained who he is. I should think him a nobleman from his ap pearance, and then the waiters wore so polite to him" "Bosh!" the little man cried; "it does aggravate me to hear you talk such folly." "I will leave you to finish this interesting discussion at your leisure," Alice remarked, as she rose to leave the room. "Don't run away," Mrs. Bingham said good-naturedly. "We won't talk about the Englishman any more, if Alfred doesn't like him. What are we to do to-morrow !" " You and Alfred were going to call on those English people, whose names I have for gotten, and I am going to the Grand Salene." Mr. Bingham, choosing to think himself ex cluded from the conversation, had bounced out of the room a moment before. "Yon don't mean to go up that mountain aluim, surely r" Mrs. Bingham said, in tones of reinoiistraaeo against possible folly. " No. I have a, boy, a guide 1 believo he is, who will bring me a mule in the morning, and show me the way. It is a very easy excursion, and presents no difficulty at all, except for the fogs. I don't wish to lose myself among the mountains, but I might easily do so among these thick mists. Iv any case I should not caro to go quite alone. Andre is n good boy, and does not talk when ho see 9 I am disposed for silence." Mr. Strong, of course, could not guess, when he set out the next morning, that Miss Prescott had started ton minutes bof ore with her mule and guide. They travelled so fast that he did not overtako them until thoy were clear of the outskirts of the town, and the drizzling rain which was falling, into which a heavy fog had resolved itself, prevented him from recognising her till he was within a few yards. He experienced a curious sensation on seeing her. Ho had boon quite unaware of observing her tho previous evening with any special at tention, but in tho morning, when he awoke, he remeinborod ho had been dreaming of her nil night. She recognised him as he approached, and bowed. He lifted his hat, and, seeing that she had stopped her mule, asked if anything was wrong. "Oh, no," she replied, "but I am doubtful about going on in this rain. Andre assures me it will be fine on the mountains, but I don't think it looks promising." "He is quite right. You could not have better weather for this ascent. You will see ono of the most singular and beautiful scenes in Switzerland if you havo the courage to per severe." "Thank you! lam reassured. Go on, Andre ; the gentleman says you are right." Mr. Strong walked a little behind them on tho opposite side of tho way, glancing at the slender figure of the girl, and wondering that he had not observed before what a fascinating face she had, and surprised that sho should bo travelling with the vulgarians in whose com pany ho had seen her the night before. He began at last to find it exceedingly stupid to be walking on the same road, bound for the same destination, and yet each to bo travelling separately. Ho could uot help wishing that some fortunate little accident would occur to give him an exouso for offering his escort for tho rest of the day. Tho thought had scarcoly formed itself bo fore ho saw the mule raise its hind leg to scratch its ear—a playful trick which those animals often indulge in while carrying their riders down precipices. Alice started, and tho saddle, which had been very loosely girthed, swung round, nnd deposited her on the road. Mr. Strong, feeling as guilty as if he had really done anything to bring the accident about, sprang forward and raised her. Sho declared sho was not hurt, but, finding that they wore noar the spot where the mule was to be left, sho declined to mount again. Mr. Strong gave her his arm as they walked on, for she was trembling a good deal, while Andre disposed the animal in safety against their ro tarn. They climbed tho rocky zigzag path, half hewn out of the face of the mountain and half natural, with the mist apparently settling more heavily around them every moment. Alice felt her firmness returning as sho climbed, and found she needed all her strength for the effort, in that heavy air. Thoy stood for a few minutes to rest once or twice, and passed a little village perched among tho rocks which hardly looked as if human beings could inhabit it, before they began tho toilsomo last ascent of the moun tain. The veil of mist closed like a dark curtain behind them, hiding village and path ; more than once Alico repented hor folly in having been porsuaded to persist, when with a stumble, <a struggle, she was dragged right out of the fog. Every sign of fatiguo vanished as sho looked round hor. Mr. Strong placed her on a large flat stono, and withdrew to a little dis tance, in reality to watch the effect upon her of tho scene. The heavens wero shining, and Mont Blano with the whole range of mountains round him was throwing back the sun. An ocean of mist, as smooth as a chalcedony, white and soft as tho down of tho eider duck's breast, lav over tho lower world; and as the two, walking slowly on, rose abovo it and asconded tho mountain to its overhanging verge, it seemed an infinite abyss of vapour, where only the mountain-tops were visible, on the Jura range like verdant wooded islands, on the Mont Blanc range as glittering Burges and pyramids of ice and snow. Standing on the overhanging crags they heard the sounds of life from the villages below, tho lowing of cattle in the mist, the hum of busy labour, faintly reaching them from the fields. "Do you know a poem of Wordsworth's, which I fancy is not much read just now, descriptive of mist scenory, in his sketches' of pedestrian tour among the Alps?" " Yes," she replied, turning to him with a radiant smile, " I was thinking of it myself." The sudden confirmation of the unspoken sympathy which, he had felt very strongly, bound them together caused an involuntary movement on the part of one or both—neither ever quite knew which—and for a moment their hands touched. The hearts of both beat violently, and they moved apart and stood in silence gazing on the scene. A bird darted up out of the mist, sailed in playful circles, then dived and disappeared again below the surface. They looked from one side to the other, from the continent of mighty icebergs floating in the level sea of mist to the forest peninsula of Jura, where the breeze caused slight undula tions in tho bosom of the ocean. "Do you not feel the spell of this place creeping on you ?" he asked in a low tone. She made a slight affirmative sign. The majestic beauty wrapped her round; the burden of custom had fallen from her; sho did not care even to speak but only to yield to the enchantment of the scene, and the feeling I rather than (lie knowledge that ho who stood beside her shared every emotion of the hour. Andre, who considered himself released from his duties of guide when he perceived that during his short absence the Englishman had undertaken them, was cutting capers in the warm sunshine, and occasionally bursting forth into snatches of song. " Hero is ' sanctity which shames our reli gions,'" Mr. Strong said, " and which is in no way disturbed by that boy's antics. What is it that we feel stimulated to do, by this or that?" pointing to a misty robe of light 1 settling on the neighbouring crags, and then to the icefields. , "It is an appeal," she answered, "to something in us, though I don't quite under stand it." "Ah yes ! we shall find nothing in Nature that is not in ourselves. Wo feel hero that we havo come to our own, to something which persuades us te live with it, and we are both conscious of an elemont of pain in tho ecstasy. \ This must bo the real fall of man—to feel in stinctively that wo belong here, and yet dimly to comprehend that there has been a severance." "I long to be thero !" sho exclaimed. "I am drawn towards those glittering icefields in a way I cannot describe. They impress mo as something supernatural, almost divine." "Come," he said, observing that sho was a little over-wrought. He rose, held out his hand, and assisted her to her feet. They walked on in silence, away from the overhanging brim, the glorious panorama changing and shifting, but never growing less beautifid and impressive. Andre, on being questioned as to his know ledge of the locality, undertook to show them the way to a chalet, where they could rest and obtain some refreshment. After an hour of walking Alice began to find herself very weary, not only from the un wonted fatigue, but from the extraordinary emotion which had been produced by the won dorful combination of sublimity and beauty on which they had gazed. Sho was not sorry when they saw a peasant cutting grass, towards whom Andre ran. Tho man courteously informed them in a patois which Mr. Strong very easily followed that they were most welcome to such hospi tality ns ho could afford. They followed him to the door of a tiny pio turesquo wooden building, whore a smiling maiden in the black body, hugo white sleeves, and short skirt whioh compose the costume of the country stood curtseying and bidding them Welcome. The room which they entered was spotlessly clean, adorned with feathery grasses, bright" coloured berries, and mountain flowers. Another door led out to the back, displaying a oharming view of wide-spreading trees, under the shade of whose branches little tables were sot, and tho Swiss girl, interpreting Alice's glance, invited them to sit outside in the pleasant air. The companions were not sorry to accept her suggestion, for the chalet smelt rather strongly of dried herbs and other ingredients of tho pot-ait-feu which stood on the hob. A few minutes aftor, she brought them a charming rustio feast, consisting of milk loaves, fresh butter, and wild straw berries. Alice expressed her surprise upon seoing the fruit, out the girl explained that, though scarce, they were occasionally to be found in warm sheltered spots which were found out by tho sun's beams, but not by the wind. She then set two tall glasses of frothy milk on the table and modestly withdrew. "Do you feel equal to the descent ?" he asked her when they had finished their meal, aud he, with her permission, had lit a cigar. "Oh, yes!" she replied. "I am hardly tired now. but I am glad to remember that there is an animal ready to carry me when we roach the foot of tho mountain. Confess that you are sorry not to bo similarly pro vided "r" He shook his head as he watched the long curls of blue smoke float towards the quiver ing leaves, where thoy disappeared. "No ; I am too used to mountain rambles to feel any alarm at tho thought of a four mile walk at the end of such a very mild ascent as this. But lam glad that you have a mule, and if I feel tired or, what is more likely, am not so much inclined for my own society as I havo been on other occasions, I can return in a tramcar, though I own it would make rather a prosaio ending to a day which has boon ' — — Ho stopped. " Has been what?" she asked qniokly. "Very much the reverse of prosaic," he answered lightly. The Swiss maid came out again to them, cleared away the remains of the meal, and brought a tray with a little silver jug full of black coffee, two small thick white cups and saucers, loaf sugar, and the invariable carafe of water, with two tall glasses with spoons in them. The coffee, which Alice poured out, proved to be oxcellent, and removed the last sense of fatigue from her limbs. " I wish we could stay here till smdown," he said, after smoking for some time in silence; "or rather late enough to see a sunset from where we stood this morning. Imagine that sea of cloud turned into rolling waves burnished and tipped with fire." "Don't tantalise me," she said, laughing; "lam afraid it is impossible I should ever see it." "Why impossibleP Could not a party be made up ?" Alice shook her head. " I should not care to see it under all circumstances," sho said, thinking that the remarks Louisa would be likely to make, on beholding a scone which had struck her dumb, would not be attuned to her feelings. " Sunrise might bo even more beautiful," he suggested. '' If you could induce your friends to venture to this chalet overnight, you might all sleep here, and, by retracing our steps of to day, reach the spot in good timo to see a sight which would repay you for any amount of trouble." "Yes," she replied with a half-surpressed sigh, "it could bo done easily enough, but my sister and her husband do not care for scenery, and would l»o very unlikely to consent to nlx-t me in any such delightful scheme." "Mrs. Bingham is your sister theur" ho said, with a Midden chill of disappointment, whioh was us quickly banished as it had come, when sho said, "My half-sister properly speaking. Her fullu-r married my mother when we wero girls at school. After the death of our parents we remained under tho care of tho hend-mistress, until Louisa met Mr. Biug ham, to whom sho was, very boon after, married. I was very lonely at tho school, and they kindly invited mo to accompany them while thoy wore travelling about Europe. I have liecn with them for six mouths." On hearing tho outline of her story, Mr. Strong had no difficulty in filling in the details. Ho could imagine the widow, a refined und educated woman, tempted by circumstances to marry beneath hor. But what ho did not learn till afterwards was that, she had never repented doing so. Good Mr. Johusou had been unvary ingly kind to hor and her daughter, and at his death, having no son, lie had divided his pro perty equally between tho girls. Hud it not been for his kindness in thus miking her independent, Alice would have de clined tho invitation given by Mr. and Mrs. Bingham to travel with them. Mr. Bingham was a very different man from her worthy stepfather, and she was conscious of a very decided longing to got back to England and escape from his constant society. "I think wo must mako a move," Mr. Strong suid, as ho noticed that the shadows on mountain-side were growing longer. Very re luctantly they started on their homeward journey, which was accomplished in safety, Mr. Strong- having takeu leave of her and once more consigned her to Andre's care ut tho baso of tho mountain. [to be concluded next week.] 