AMUSEMENTS Stage Whispers. BY PROMPTER. The farcical comedy which has followed grand Italian opera at the Brisbane Theatre Royal seems to have hit the public taste. Mr. Pinero's comedy "The Magistrate" has not drawn dress circle houses, but the stalls and pit have been crowded nightly. There is money in the comedy, and it will run until the com pany has rehearsed and got ready H. A. Jones's " Hoodraan Blind" — a melodrama of the " Lights o' London" and " Silver King" order and yet very unlike either. Wilson Barrett made a hit with it at the Princess's Theatre in London, and Williamson, Garner, and Mus grove were equally suooessful " down South." " Hoodman Blind" is to be produced on Mon day next. The general performance of "The Magi strate" has already been noticed at some length, but I want to say a good word for a young actor. Mr. Greenaway's stage career can only be counted by months, but there can be no shadow of doubt that his Cis Farrington is one of the beat played parts in the comedy. He has t made a distinct and long stride in his profession, for he has thoroughly identified himself with the forward young ecamp, and plays it with the ease of an old stager. It is seldom a youth ful actor has so fine an opportunity—or, having got it, it is still more seldom he makes the most of it. Mr. Greenaway has not, however, failed in that direction. The Gaiety Theatre is the scene during the current week of a series of dramas produced by Mr. J. J. Kennedy, a clever comedian, who, in spite of difficulties, has made his way into popular favour in the colonies. On Monday and Tuesday " The Strategist" was performed. This farcical comedy was produced in Brisbane three or four years ago by J. B. Polk, and thoroughly well played. Outside Mr. Kennedy himself, Miss Carry George — another old favourite—Mr. J. H. Nunn, and Miss Ethel Adele, the performance was below the average. It was clear the oompany included too many novices, and this was again apparent on Wed nesday, when a young lady attempted to repre sent the Colleen Bawn. Among the youthful actors is Mr. H. R. Roberts, who is the son of a fine old actor—now at rest—known best as Dick Roberts. The son has a lot to learn, but he appears to be very willing and shaped much better in the "Colleen Bawn" than in the " Strategist." The musical director of this company is Mr. Charles B. Foster, a gentleman who a few years ago held an unrivalled position as a pianist in Sydney. I heard Levy, the famous cornet soloist, declare that Mr. Foster was one of the best accompanists he ever met with. On each evening ne has played as a solo some old favourite melody, and then, as Fred. Maocabe used to say, he has " worried" the time with variations of no ordinary character. The applause has been of a very genuine order, and "Charley" Foster hai already become popular. Kennedy and his oompany remain until Saturday week. The Saint Maur Comedy Company have been doing good business in the Northern towns. Mr. Saint Maur's propensity for letter-writing seems to have had full play in Charters Towers, and it paid him too. The company at latest advioes were at Cooktown playing "Jimthe Penman" to crowded houses. The Grattan Biggs Company are also in the North doing good business. They open at the Gaiety Theatre on their return about a month henoe. " The Bun of Luck" has been transferred from Melbourne to Sydney with almost the same oast as when producea by Bland Holt in the former city. George Bignold has, however, been replaced by Mr. Walter Hewe, whose arrival from London I reoently referred to. Miss Kate Bishop continues in the play and has made a hit, and so also have the scenery and the horses and foxhounds. Minnie Palmer and John B. Rogers and J. F. Macmahon caught Sydney people "by the wool" in much the same fashion that they did those of Brisbane. The newspaper men were as usual drawn into the little lady's net. It may be supposed that they kicked at first, hot finding it useless they succumbed with a smile. Be that as it may the self- styled independent papers bubbled over with effusions about Minnie Palmer and her suocess; or about John B. Rogers and his managerial career. But the American newspapers surpass them all. The other day I saw a paragraph—in the Brooklyn Daily EagU, I think—announcing that in Mel bourne Minnie had been presented with a crown of gold set with all kinds of precious stones. John Rogers and his wife have evidently selected Shakspeare's words, "Doth give us bold advertisement," as their motto. The electric Minnie and her John and her diamonds sailed for San Francisco on Wednesday. ''i Another venture in comic opera was made at the Gajety Theatre, Sydney, on Saturday nigh^. Leon Caron conducted, and among the oompany were Miss Ivanova, who was in Brisbane wM the Dunning Opera Company, Miss ifinS Fischer, and Signor Verdi. The Queen's Jubilee was not allowed to pass over unnoticed by the actors and actresseVof the United Kingdom. An address has been prepared, and to it will be attached the signa tures of all the members of the profession who are at all get-at- able. When the sheets have been collected they will be bound up with the address in a handsome volume and presented for her Majesty's acceptance. It is to be hoped the signatures will be copied, as apart from other considerations they would practically form a oomplete roll of the dramatic profession in the United Kingdom for the year 1887. The following sentences occur in the text of the address:•—" The manifold blessings of peaoe have been showered on the land through your righteous dealing with your people and with other peoples, and under your gracious protec tion all the arts have flourished. For us who follow the stage as a calling a new era has. come. With the remainder of your subjects. w» rejojoe at the bleasinn which have followed in your footsteps; and, as aotors, we are proud to be 'the Abstract and Brief Chronicles of your Time.'" Australians are shortly to have an oppor tunity of hearing that olever opera-boufle artist, Miss Leonora Braham, who played the part of Rose Maybud in " Ruddygore." This lady and her husband, Mr. Duncan Young, late leading tenor of the German Reed Company, were to leave England in June by the Orient line steamer Ormuz for Melbourne, both having been engaged for a lengthened term by Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove. Miss Braham has been succeeded at the Savoy Theatre by Miss Geraldine Ulmar, who played the part in New York on the first production of " Ruddygore "in that city. The Chicago In ditator states that her salary is " £60 per week." If the paper were not American I should suppose an error had been committed. The announcement that the triumvirate have engaged Mary Anderson for a tour in Australia was heard with unqualified pleasure. Mr. W. J. Holloway, I hear, votes for Mary Anderson above all the actresses he saw at home. A friend of mine asks me to state that Miss Amy Sherwin, the " Tasmanian Nightingale," who has lately met with such splendid recep tions in Melbourne and Launceston, ought not to be confounded with the Miss E. Sherwin, who has appeared on the operatic stage in Brisbane. Surely Buoh a statement is unneces sary. Both are Tasmanians, but otherwise they are as opposite as the Poles. The great attraction on the Ist June in London was the performance of Byron's tragedy "Werner," by Mr. Henry Irving and his com pany for the benefit of the veteran playwright, Dr. Westland Mareton. The scenery and appointments were magnificent, and the acting and everything else up to the Lyceum standard,1 although the play was only intended to be per-' formed onoe. The play was a new version by: Mr. F. A. Marshall, who re-wrote some por tions. It was cast as follows:—Werner, Mr. H. Irving; Josephine, Misß Ellen Terry; Ulrick, Mr. Alexander; Statenheim, Mr. Wenman; Gabor, Mr. C. Glenney ; Idenstein, Mr. Howe; Ida, Miss Winifred Emery. The prioes were high — for instance, stalls two guineas—but the house was full. I have no space to do more, than quote from the Daily Newa of 2nd June : —"Towards the close of the brief address— admirable alike for its matter, its choice of, words, and its modestly effective delivery—in which Dr. Westland Marston, after the fall of the curtain upon the hut soene of " Werner,"' returned thanks to Mr. Irving and took fare well of his brilliant audience, there was a pleasing reference to the speaker's first play, produced "nearly half a century ago*' at. Drury Lane. It was to "the greatest actor of that day," William Charles Macready, who enacted the part of the hero, that the young writer, full of ambitious hopes, owed his happyl introduction to the play-going world. Hfa : friend Maoreadn has long sinoe passed t« his rest; but now in the dramatist's declining' years, when fortune, as we were touohingly' reminded, has somewhat withdrawn from him; her favour, it was onoe more the greatest of living aotors who had stood forth to render him. a splendid service." As " Rigoletto" was reoently performed in Brisbane by the Simonsen Italian Opera Com pany, it may be interesting to mention that at, aperformanoe of the opera at Covent Garden' Theatre, London, late in May, the famous tenor; solo, "La Donna c mobile" was not re demanded. This was a rare occurrence, in deed, and the World critic may well say it was'; the first time in his recollection that an encore had not been called for. The tenor was Signor Figuer—a new comer in London. The latest papers to hand publish full details] of the burning of the Op6ra Comique, Paris. Writing to London from Paris on 27th May, a Press correspondent says:—"The burning of the Opera Comique Theatre has plunged all Paris into mourning. There is nothing else talked about from the Arc de Triomphe to the Barriere dv Trone ; General Boulanger is for gotten ; the still pending Ministerial crisis is no longer interests anyone ; the steaming ruins of the most popular theatre in Paris and in France are the centre of all emotion and sympathy. Small and great alike accepted the charm of tho Opera Comique ; the most aristocratic names of France covered the subscription lists for its fashionable Saturdays; its popular Monday performances assembled in crowds the modest melomaniacs of the fauborgs; on ordinary days this roomy, well-behaved, and thoroughly correct theatre was the favourite neutral ground for pre- matrimonial introductions. During the past forty-seven years many thou sands of marriages must have been made in this theatre under the auspices of the Lame Blanche or of the Postilion de Longjumeau. The Opera Comique possessed the confidence of French mothers." The members of the dramatic profession, who for obvious reasons are precluded, as a rule, from accepting invitations to dinner, were in vited by the Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress to a luncheon at the Mansion House on Wednesday, the 15th of June. The cards of invitation were very numerous. A special morning performance of " Ruddy gore" was given at the Savoy Theatre on the 18th May, in aid of the Actors' Benevolent Fund. Mr. R. DOyly Carte gave the use of the theatre, and the company volunteered their services. Miss Carlo, the little lady who played in London, and was at latest advices playing in the country the part of Alice, in Mr. Saville Clarke's adaptation of " Alice in Wonderland," has been confiding the Btory of her life and adventures to a contributor to a Cardiff paper. Although this clever young person is only twelee years of age, she might already claim to be an actress of ten and a half years' standing but for the fact that her earlier appearances were necessarily made as an infant in arms. Her first speaking part, it seems, dates from some little time after her fourth birthday; her earliest marked success from her performance as the intelligent child in the "Silver "King," at the Princess's. The late litigants, Mrs. Conover and Miss Amy Rosellc, were each, according to Litest advices, about to take benefits. Mrs. Conover had been granted the use of the Drury Lane Theatre by Mr. Augustus Harris. The oppor tunity has been taken of Miss Amy Roselle's intent to go on a starring tour in the provinces early in the autumn to arrange for a compli mentary benefit, tendered her byherbrot her and sister artists as a token of their esteem. This should prove highly successful, for a ladies' executive committee has been formed, and will include such eminent representatives of the dramatic profession as Mrs. Kendal, Miss Ellen Terry, Miss Mary Anderson, Mrs. Stirling, Miss Genevieve Ward, Miss Wallie, Mrs. Arthur Stirling, and Mrs. John Wood. A committee of gentlemen was also formed, and joined by Mr. Henry Irving, -who, moreover, offered the use" of the Lyceum Theatre for the occasion. The benefit was fixed for 16th June. The Adelphi drama, " The Harbour Lights," was on 11th June played for the 600 th time without an interval —an event without a parallel in the history of this theatre, and one on which Mr. O. R. Sims and Mr. Henry Pettitt have been cordially congratulated. It is an interesting circumstance in the history of theatres to note that enormous alterations at the Adelphi have been carried out without dosing the theatre for a single sight. Mr. and Mrs. Kendal have received proposals by cable and otherwise from the United States in view of their visit to America to play in leading theatres, but it is understood that nothing has been as yet definitely arranged. The visit will not take place till the autumn of next year. Mr H. Irving, Mr. and Mrs. Kendal, Mr. Charles Warner, Mr. Willard, Mr. Fernandez, and Mr. Herman Vezin were among the artists who had promised to assist Mr. Clifford Cooper on the occasion of that excellent actor's fare well lenefit at the Princess's Theatre on 23rd June. Mrs. Brown Potter, whose stay at the Hay raarket proved shorter than she had expeoted, but longer than she apparently deserved, has determined to make another attempt to impress London playgoers before she returned to America. She was to appear for a few weeks, beginning at the end of June, at the Gaiety, where she meant to introduce herself as the heroine of a new play, "Mademoiselle de Bressier." This drama, the adaptation by M. Delpit of one of his novels, was produced only in April at the Ambigu, Paris, with Made moiselles Tessandier and Deschamps and M. Chelles in the chief parts. It was withdrawn early in May, but only on political grounds; its action involving frequent references to the struggle of 1871 between the Communists and the troops of Versailles. Its story turns upon the love of a Communist's eon for the woman who, to avenge the death of her fattier at the hands of the mob, gave up his father to the military authorities; an awkward motive which, however, is said to be developed with much delioaoy of sentimental interest. In the Argonaut (San Franoisoo) of 2nd April I find the following: — "Pretty Euza Weathersby, Nat Goodwin's wife, who ÜBed to be a marked attraction in his company, died last week under the Burgeon's knife. Her will shows a remarkable balance for one in her pro fession. She leaves $8000 to her mother, and the remainder, estimated at about $80,000, to her husband." This lady whose death is here recorded is, I think, the Miss Weathersby who was a most useful and popular member of poor old Buokstone's Haymarket Company a decade bask. The American tragedians, Edwin Booth and Lawrence Barrett, will start out together next September, and their jointstarring tour will oover nearly the whole of the United States. Their repertoire will include " Julius Caesar," with Booth asßrutusandßarrettasCassius; "Lear," with Booth as Lear and Barrett as Edgar; "Macbeth," with Booth as Macduff and Barrett as Macbeth; "Hamlet," with Booth as Hamlet and Barrett as the Ghost; "Othello," the two tragedians alternating as Othello and Iago; and "The Merchant of Venioe," with Booth as Shylook, Barrett not appearing until the afterpiece, " The King's Pleasure." Mr. Irving contributed a paper on playgoing, to a goody-goody paper entitled the Young Man. Iv this he wrote :—" It teems to me that the stage, being undeniably an institution which you cannot destroy, should commend itsolf to all reasonable people as an instrument of judicious recreation, and as an educational influenoe. There is no difference in principle between studying human nature in the theatre and studying it in the pages of fiction, and when I am told that there are evil influences in the drama, and that this or that entertainment is immoral, I can only say that there are a good many novels which are injurious to morals, but that there existence is no reason why the young should not read Scott, Thackeray, George Eliot, and Dickens." After a long successful American tour, Mr. Wilson Barrett arrived at St. Pancras Station on the afternoon of the 19th May, and was received and welcomed with great enthusiasm by a large number of his friends in a room engaged for the purpose at the Midland Hotel. Mrs. Bernard Beere made a graceful little speech, and pre- Bented Mr. Barrett with a laurel wreath. In a few words Mr. Barrett thanked his friends, and expressed his satisfaction with his American success, and his regret that he had now no professional home in London, but hoped that it might not be long before he was again settled. He began an engagement in Manchester on the following Saturday. A dramatic version has been brought out in Boston, U.S.A., of Mr. R. L. Stevenson's curious story, "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde," where it achieved considerable suooess, all the seats for the opening performances being booked some weeks in advance, audiences unusually brilliantaud representative thronging the theatre nightly. It is probable that a ver sion of the story will be shortly witnessed in London. A surprising incident at the Park Theatre in Brooklyn occurred one Tuesday evening in March. During the third act of Sol Smith Russell's comedy " Pa," one of the characters gave an exhibition of danoing. While this actor was in tho middle of his performance a man in hiH shirt-sleeves ran down a side isle of the theatre and leaped on the stage from a hox. As soon as he had landed near the astonished aptor he proceeded to give a very good imita tion of his dancing. He danced a sailor's hornpipe so well that most of the audience thought that he was one of the company. The impression was heightened by the admirable manner in which the company behaved. Not one of them showed the slightest nervousness. The agile stranger was permitted to finish his dance. Then Russell motioned to him with a fan whioh he held in his hands to leave the stage. The man looked at Russell in a some what dazed manner, and then quietly walked off the side entrance. The London Figaro describes Desdemona's dresses in the Milan performance of " Otello " as follows :—" In the first aot she wore a light blue satin; in the second, a lilac and light blue satin, with long flowing sleeves, white lace and flowing a blonde wig, and a lilao bro cade with panels at the Bide of white satin edged with gold lace; in the third, the same dress as in the first, with a lace veil; in the fourth, a white silk nightdress." The latest triumph in the way of mechanical aids to stags realism was successfully tried in a new play in New York. One scene is hud in the interior of a fire-engine house, and all the devices incident to an alarm of fire are brought in. Mr. Woodroffe's admirable entertainment was visited and admired by many Bris bane residents four years ago, and those who knew it in those days found, on re newing acquaintance with it this week, that its "infinite variety" is one that "age doth not wither nor custom stale." Mr. Woodroffe explained the several proof mes of glass-manufacture in hi* usual luoid and most interesting way, giving a sketch of various incidents in the history of the art, and illustrating portions of his discourse by making some pretty or ourious article of glassware in view of his audience. A new feature of the exhibition is the addition to the staff of two young ladies who assist in the entertainment, and who drew admiring groups round the stands at whioh they made their tasteful little baskets, candelabra, ships, and other ornaments of glass. The high and low pressure steam ngines are marvels of skill, whilst the pneumatic balloon and the spun glass are scarcely less wonderful. In addition to the evening entertainments, exhibitions were given on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons for the convenience of schools and families, when each child present received a gift of glasswork. About a dozen years ago there was a gather ing of fashionables in Willis's Rooms, in the West End of London, who had been invited to hear a company of American negro vocalists, all of whom had either been slaves or were the children of slaves. A good deal of curiosity was excited by their somewhat romantic story. They were students at the Fisk Uni versity for Emancipated Slaves, and had organised themselves into a company to give entertainments in aid of the University Build ing Fund. The programme of their entertain menta consisted mainly of the quaint religious melodies sung by the negroes at their camp meetings and their jubilations at being set free, and although some of these melodies were daring in their theology, the fervour and intense pathos with which they were sung touched the hearts of all who heard them. The suocess of the smaller efforts brought forth the larger, and a oompany calling themselves the Jubilee Singers was organised to travel through England. They made their first appearanoe on the oocasion above referred to, under the vpon sorship of the late Earl of Shaftesbury. The audienoe was electrified, not only by the depth of feeling and intense enthusiasm of their solos, but by the rare and perfect display of part singing. The leading soprano of the company was an intensely black negress, who possessed a magnificent voioe, and the lead ing bass also had an exceptionally fine organ. They travelled through the prin cipal cities of Great Britain, and beyond the payment of their expenses the whole of the proceeds were devoted to the Fisk University. BuhHeqnently one or two other companies went forth, with the result that a splendid block of buildings has been erected by means of money obtained in this way. The last company, whioh is now on a tour through Australia and New Zealand, includes, we are informed, one or two members of the original oompany. They will appear in Brisbane shortly at the Gaiety Theatre for a season of a fortnight's duration. A gentleman well known in musical circles, who heard these Fisk Uni versity Jubilee Singers in the Southern colonies, writes of them thus:—"Apart from the romance which attaches to the history of these emancipated slaves and to the ourious and eccentric music which they discourse, they will afford lovers of vocal music an opportunity of listening to the most perfect part-singing yet heard in Brisbane. No stronger proof of the enjoyable nature of their concerts can be afforded than the fact that they sang nightly in Melbourne for a period of ten weeks." Fbok the DIBTBIOT Attobhet of West* ohimthb Co., New Yobjc, U.S.A.—White Plains, N. V., April 10, 1886.—1 have received many letters in reference to my testimonial, lately published, commending Axlcock's Pobotts Plastebs. I cannot spare the time to answer them in writing, therefore, would again Bay, through the Press, that I have found Axloook'b Pobotts Plasters invaluable as chest protectors and shields against coughs and oolds. Furthermore, I have found Alloocx'b Plabtebs uneqnalled for pains in side, back, and ohest.— Nelson H. Bakbb.—[Advt.] Daring April 33 tons 13owt. of fish were seized at Billingsgate as being unfit for human food, 4 tons being wet fish and 29 tons shell fish. The quantity of fish delivered at the market in the month was 13,716 tone. Palestine possesses a remarkable salt moun tain situated at the south end of the Dead Sea. The length of the ridge is six miles, with an averageVidth of three-quarters of a mile, and the height is not far from 600 ft. There are places where the overlying- earthy deposits are many feet in thicknees, but the mass of the mountain is composed of solid rook-salt, some oi which is as dear as crystal, 