THE CITY LAND COMPANY AND THE TOWN AND COUNTRY BANK. We publish to-day the balance-sheeta of two Companies, the operations of which have been a source of bitter disappoint ment to the shareholders. With regard to one of them — the City ? Land Company — the Directors adopt a hopeful tone. They point out that during the hut six months the prospects have somewhat improved. In that time the rent-roll has increased, the cost of management has been re duced, and a sum of £5,820 ha3 been recovered from a late Director. The whole concern is such a mangled matter at the best that the shareholders must be thankful for Bmall mercies. No doubt there Is real comfort to be derived from the fact that the ex penses are being kept down, that receipts are creeping up, and that a Bub Btantial amount has been refunded by a gentleman who obtained a profit upon a sale to the Company of land, which as a Director he ought not to have sold to it. Still, the Company has certainly not yet emerged from Its difficulties. Its income falls far short of its unavoidable expenditure, and it is of vital importance to it that the Btate of things in the colony should before long greatly improve. At the present moment the public are a little uncertain as to whether the affairs of the Company are actually in course of liquidation or not. Virtually they undoubtedly are, and it is sincerely to be hoped that the shareholders will obtain a happy deliver ance out of the troubles which pre33 upon them. As for the other Company — the Town and Country Bank — the gloominesss of the financial statement is unrelieved by a single ray of real consolation. The liquidators say that they deem the progress of liquidation for the period embraced satisfactory, and so perhaps it is, but this expression of satisfaction ia only to be taken in a very limited sense. No doubt things might have been worse, for the assets of ths Bank might by reason of an unforeseen concatenation of circumstances have melted away entirely. In place of this assets have been realized to the extent of £328,576. What amount of liabilities still re main to be covered we have no means of knowing. According to the balance-sheet of September 27, 1886, the amount is £134,727, but since then expenses in the way of interest, liquidation charges, law costs, and so forth mu3t have been incurred to a considerable amount. No information on that point, however, ia given in the statement published elsewhere, but it is notified that the liquidators, naturally enough, intend asking that fair and proper remuneration for their services shall be awarded them. The most start ling feature In the statement is that comprised in the announce ment that ' in view of the diffi cult times and the many contingencies which may still arise, the liquidators can only offer an estimate, but they think that £75,000 of the Bank's capital may be recovered.' Here Is a bitter draught' for the shareholders to Bwallow, and one cannot but admire the coolness with which it is administered. 'Seventy-five thousand pounds may be recovered !' That is the bald statement made by men who a year ago as Directors of the Bank led their constituents and the public to believe that there was money enough to pay all creditors 20s. in the pound with out trenching upon the capital. It will not be forgotten that at a meeting held at the end of Novem ber last the Chairman of Directors, when pressed to say whether half the capital would be absorbed gave an em phatic assurance that it would not. Now the capital paid up amounts to £287,000, so that according to the latest esti mate little more than 5s. in the pound will be saved. There is no guarantee that even this low estimate will be made good. The late Manager, in a communi cation, which is his really last dying speech and confession as an officer of the Bank, admits that the liquidators have justification for naming this sum, and although he is very hopeful that the amount will be appreciably greater, he does not venture to define the length to which his hopefulness will carrv him. The wisest course for the shareholders is to look upon the £75,000 as the outside sum that will be available for distribu tion. If a rapid and substantial recovery takes place in the value of securities more than this may be realized, but those having to do with the Bank have had too disastrous an ex perience of the folly of sanguine anticipa tions to trust to any such turn of luck. They have reason to complain of having been grievously dialed in the past. No (doubt the Directors acted in good faith in representing things as so much better han there Is the least likelihood' of their proving to be j but thia does not acquit them of serious blame as -business men for having eo greatly overestimated the available assets of the Bank. The Loan Money.— The Treasurer has made some arrangements for the Tem porary investment of the proceeds of th© recently issued loan. Half of the amount is. to be deposited with the Associated Banks here at 2i per cent., and tha remainder ia to be dealt with by.:the» Agent-General in London. The agree ment with the Barks here ia' to' be -'for twelve months, with the fighV'to terminate it at any time- ;affer ? January next on Bix months' ' notice being given. This is equivalent, to a fixed deposit for seven or eight months. Asw the rates offered by the Adelaide Batka are 3 per cent, for three months and 4-. per cent, for bix months, the special agree ment entered into with the Treasureris all' in favoar of the Banke, and one is curious to know why the Governmenfc should have to be content with worse - terms than are * offered ? to ; private depositors, especially as the amount deposited with each Bank will be only about £50,000. The rate which Sir Arthur Blyth can obtain in London will of course be considerably less than ia given in Adelaide) so that there will .be., a., yery considerable Ios3 of interest on the nlohey that ha3 been borrowed. The advocates of a State Bank will, no doubt, find in these facts a strong argument In- favour of their schemes. According to the Treasurer's last quarterly finan cial statement the cash balance was £1,038,768, of which £181,943 was in. Adelaide, and the balance, with1 'tub ex ception of £18,782, was in London. It should be noted, however, that the Agent-General's accounts were only: made up to January 31, bo that by the end of the financial y_ear the balance in London will have been. materially reduced. By that time there trill also have been another quarters expenditure of loan money on public works, amounting probably to nearly £300,000. Even, therefore, with the proceeds of the last loan the Treasurer - will not have much more than enough to - carry him on for another twelve months, and it Is hardly likely that the whole of the amount to be deposited with the Banks here can be left for the twelve months specified in the agreement. When Parliament meets the particulars of the negotiations with. the Banks will no doubt be called for, . and it will be interesting to note the stages by which the Banks brought them to a conclusion that is bo much- in their favour. ?'''-; ' ? The Royal Geographical Society. — Two important features rendered the occasion of the annual meeting of the Geographical Society, as the Chairman called it ?' a red-letter day.' Iu the firEt place the Society has now obtained from Her Majesty the Queen permission to be called by the same name aa the^ great Society in England and that in N6W South Wales, of which it is a branch; and In the second placa the presence of that distinguished rover - of the seaa, Lord Brassey, gave great eclat to the proceedings. His Lordship laughingly repudiated Sir Samuel Daven port's comparison of his voyages with those of a Norse Viking, on the ground of 'the morality of the proceedings.'' The founder of the noble family of Brassey certainly gets a batter - welcome ?wherever he goes than, did the sea-rovers who founded some of the old families of England and Soot land. Hia remarks on Friday afternoon in- reference to the advantages of free com merce and the limitation of white labour' within the tropics are worthy of BpeciaL remark as being the clearly stated result of a wide and varied experience. Ihe Royal Geographical Society haa- evidently a very useful career before' it. Papers have been read and printed in reference to a number of Bubjecta of very great interest, and these, without: doubt, will form the aourcea of informa- - tion for future works on science ancL geography. People sometimes ask, Whence is the information for the textbooks on such subjects obtained V The sources are to a large ex tent to be found in the pub lished proceedings of learned Societies. Besides the printed articles a considerable number of maps are in course of prepara tion, and photGgraphB are also being; collected. Unfortunately some photo graphic slides dispatched from Central Australia were injured. The American exploration parties now go in for paper* negatives, and it would ba a good plan for those in Australia to follow their* ex ample. Glass is too brittle and cum bersome to be of much service in exploration. The Society, we notice, has now eighty-one members, but it does not seem to have made much progress in de veloping the correspondence system. If a number of capable persons in little known districts of the colony were induced to correspond regularly with the Society the result would ba very beneficial to the cause of geographical science. Vine Diseases xs New South Waxes.. — Although the vine yield is probably subject to iez3 fluctuations than other ~ crops, the vigneron has Borne dreaded. evils to contend against. In South Aus tralia the winegrowers complain of the Bparrow nuisance, and at the monthly meeting of the committee of the Royal Agricultural Society yesterday Mr. Hardy made the emphatic state ment that unless the sparrow - nuisance is dealt with ' by the Government, in seven years it will destroy the industry. In New South Wales the position ia much more serious. A deputation of vinegrowers waited upon the Premier of that colony ? yesterday to point out the urgent need . for amendment of the Vine Diseases Act. The action of the Board appointed under - that Act has been ineffective. The vine growers naturally object to the destruc tion of vineyards in order to atamp out ? the phylloxera, and they propose' that encouragement Bhould be given, to the vignerons to Btudy biology and the adoption of curative mea sures similar to thoBe which have proved successful in Europe. : But while the grass growa the steed starves. . /While ? these gentlemen are studying biology and experimenting with various curative measures the disease will be spreading. The subject iaone which concerns all the wine makiDg colonies, and if the Government of New South Wales is Blow to take the = needful steps, including the destruc tion of affected vineyards, it is to be hoped that tha Government of this colony will join with that of Victoria in making strong representations to the New South Wales Premier on the Eubject. It is bad enough for the vignerons here to have to contend, with the sparroTi-H. If in addition to this they are to be exposed to the inroads of disease from an adjoining colony they will be in a sorry position. Seeing that thera is direct railway com munication between Sydney End Adelaide it will ba almost a physical impossi bility to guard effectively against the introduction of the phylloxera from New Sonth Wales, and it is incumbent upon the Government of that colony to take the matter in hand at onc3 and stamp out a disease which may not only involve their pwii vignerons in Esrious loss, but may imperil the existence of the wine industry In the other colonies at the very time when efforts are - being made to extend it with the object of supplying the London markets. (. Immioeation ? akd Emigeation.— The quarterly return of immigration and emi gration by sea for the three months ended March 31 was published in Thursday's Gazette. ' The ' balance is still againat the colony. TKft total arrivals at all ports from places beyond the limits of South Australia numbered 4,945. The departures num bered 6,978, being an excesa of emigration OTer immigration of 2,033. This is to be regretted, but an examination of the details brings to light some en couraging facts. The monthly returns in the Gazette do not quite tally with the quarterly returns, but the dis crepancies are only slight, and do not destroy the value of comparisons between the months. Ihe latter show that, although the balance is still against U3, it Baa been decreasing^ for the last two months. Thus during January and February the excess of emigration over immigration was a little over 1,500, and -was about equally divided between the two months. In March the difference had fallen to 521. In April it had again fallen to 314 The figures for May will probably not be published for a fortnight, but we may reasonably nope that they will ahow a still further improvement. Another encouraging feature is that the excesa of departures over arrivals of male adults ahowB a Bteady decline since February. In January the excess was 490, in Feb ruary it was 528, in March it was 190, and in April it was 129. There are, therefore, good grounds for believing- that the drain from the colony of working men has re ceived a check. With the stimulus afforded by the favourable prospects .of the season the next statistics will no doubt reveal a still more satisfactory state of things, and with the complete restoration of con fidence there should be no difficulty in finding work for all who want it As the facilities for travelling between the colo nies are being multiplied and the cost of transit is being reduced, there will always be a large movable population attracted first to one colony and then to another as each in turn appears to hold out better prospects for the time being to the working classes ; but we trust it wpl be a long time before the stream of immigration and emigration is so decidedly against us as it has been for several months past. 'What is a 'Public Place ?'— At the last Criminal Sittings a man was con victed of an offence which would have been no offence at all if it had not been committed in a ' public place.' The act being done in a 'public place' was of the essence of the offence. The place was called Storries House, and tha prisoner being undefended, the Chief Justice, after directing the Jury that the house in question, was a 'public place,' reserved for the Fall Court the question whether it was such a place or not. The case came on on the 25th, and sa the prisoner was still undefended the Court heard no one on his behalf, but Mr. Mann argued in favour of the. conviction on behalf of the Crown. The information was presented under the 315th section of the firiwpTml TawfVmwnlii^frinn Act^wMch simply prescribes the penalty fordoing the thing in question in a ' public place,' but does not say what a ' public place' is. How, the act committed by the prisoner, being from its nature not punishable if committed in a private place, derives Its whole malignity from being committed publicly. It became therefore, neces sary to decide, as a question of law, whether Storries House, was a ' public place.' The Act under which the information was presented did not define a ' public place,' and the question was, therefore, a naked question of law. Instead of flanfaing it on general principle, as that a place was public when the public had a right to go there, the Court resorted to a definition, given in another Act which had nothing to do with the matter — the Police Act. Section 112 of the Police Act says that in the construction of that Act itself the words 'public place' shall mean so and bo, and then, it proceeds to give a definition which includes a number of places - which are not public at all This may be all very proper I or a mere Police Act framed for preserv ing order, and Ihe constable's powers may with advantage be extended to places where many people go, though they are not public ; but It surely does not follow that this special definition can be brought in aid of a prosecution under a very different Act which leaves the words to their ordinary signification. It will be rather a dangerous thing to allow the in terpretations given in a particular Act for preventing repetition, of words to be ex tended to the law- generally, for there is one very Important Act which includes a right to the passage of water under the term 'land,' and a right to use a ferry-boat would, in that Statute, come under the same definition. This very definition of a ' public place' : in ; the Police Act has, too, an inherent weakness, for it says that the words are to include every court and alley in any town, district, or place pro claimed, &c;, 'as hereinafter provided,' and there is nothing thereinafter provided, at all, for - the - T^*rfn^t tumt^tk immediately afterwards winds tip by declaring that it may be called 'The^ Police Act/ 1869.' Whatever may be said, however, in criticism of the grounds upon which the judgment of the Court proceeded no com plaint can be made of the result of the judgment, for the accused had been con victed four times before of another offence, and once for an offence like the one with which he was charged ; so that he was deserving of no sympathy. This, however, does not alter the fact that bad men should only be convicted by good law lest it should happen that good men should be convicted under bad lavr. Govemtob.'s 'At Home.'— His Excellency the Governor will hold the second ' At Home' of the season from 3.30 till 5 o'clock this afternoon. Lord and Lady; Brasaey and the officers from the Japanese warship will be amongst the guests. . : ? - The Addbess nr Reply iff the Council. —The Hon. H. Scott wm .move and the Hon. J. Boaworth will second the adoption of the Address in reply in the Legislative Council. . ; ? _1hb Political Situation.— Although Par liament is to be opened . on Thursday, there is very little stirring in political circles. The Governor's Speech is virtually completed, bat the Ministry (observe -great reticence as to its contents. , It is impossible at present to gauge the strength of the Ministry or of the Opposition, as parties are so divided in the House.; but- feeling is,'gaimng ground that the Government are not too «tron& while the leading members of those in Opposition Btata that if a test vote is taken on the Address the present occupants of the Treasury benches will lose their seats. Nostepa have, however, yet beentaken as to moving any amendment ori the Address in reply, and we understand that ...the Opposition members are considering the * matter of the appointment of a leader. What is known [as the Independent party have , held one or two informal meetings, and they have decided not to support either the Ministry or the Opposition until the; have heard the' Ministerial policy. This party, which numbered ten last year, has now twelve/membera. It is taken for granted thai at the meeting of members' of the House tolgaflleldl fimtt ^Wednesday Sir Robert R033 ;wfll |$ ftae .only gentleman nominated for the' office' of* Speaker. There i3 coaaider ab&^ differenca of opinion, however, as to who will be appointed Chairman of Com mittees. The Hon. A. Catt, Mr. E. V- aid, and' Mr. J. H. .Bagater have all been aa '.t nonnced as candidates, and IS la stated that ' Mr. Bagater will be ssked to withdraw in favour of Mr. Catt, but we believe that up to the present time the member for YataLi has not taken kindly to the suggested proposal. * Thb Lath Loasv— The Acting Premier (Hon. J. C. Bray) has arranged to deposit hall cE the' last loan with the Associated Banks in Adelaide ~~at 2£ per cent interest. The agreement fs for twelve months, with. the rigid to terminate it at any time after -January next on :nx months' notice being glyettr ; B'fonndV TwcesBary the Government .via leave t& money 'with the iJaaka for a longer period. Instructions have been issued to the Agent-General (Sir A. Blyth) to deal with the other half of the loan in London. Cxskks at Parliament Hor/3E. ? The Government have decided, upon the recom mendation of the President of the Legislative Council, to appoint Mr. A. E. Wilby to tha vacant office of A33istant-Clerk of the Legis lative Council. It ia understood that the appointment ia only a temporary one, and that; if Mr. Morphefct, the present Assistant Clerk of the Assembly, applies for the posi tion at the end of the session he is to hava the prior claim to it. Mr. Wilby is at present a cleik in the Marine Board Otnce, and first entered tha Civil Service on July 1, 187S. Passes-gees peb S. M.S. Lusitasia.— The following are the Adelaide passengers booked for London rier R.M.8. Lusitania, which sails May 30:— Mr. and Mis. C. J. Lampriere and Messrs. J, Browne and W. Parke. Lobd Bhassey.— Lord and Lady Brassey on Friday morning, in company with His Excellency the Governor, were shown over the Jubilee Exhibition Building by Sir Samuel Davenport and Sir Herbert Sandford. They afterwards inspected the collection of furs at Messrs. Maurice Salom & Co. 'a auction mart. In the afternoon His Lord ship attended the annual meeting of the South Australian Branch of the Royal Geo graphical Society of Australasia, and de livered an address. He was subsequently shown around the Government offices by the Acting Premier (Hon. J. C. Bray), and was much interested in the specimens of gold from Teetulpa which were purchased by the Government to be exhibited at the Exhibi tion. In the evening Lord and Lady Brassey were present at the dinner party given by Bis Excellency at Government House. This evening, in company with Sir William Robinson, they will witness the performance at the Theatre Eoyal. The Geange Railway.— The liquidators of the Grange Railway have just concluded an agreement for the purchase of the whole of the property by several of the residents of the Grange. Efforts are now being made to Btart the running of the trains about June 1\. We are asked toj state that full particu lars as to the train service will appear in oar business columns shortly. The s.s. Post Adelaide.— The steamer which was reported from Cape Borda on Friday evening will moat likely be the Port Adelaide, which was reported by the a.s. Sussex when passing through the south-east trades. The Sunbeam.— A large nnmber visited the Sunbeam at Port Adelaide on Friday afternoon, including many ladies. The hand eome vessel was thrown open throughout, and all were loud in praise of her luxurious appointments, as well as the kind-heartedness of her noble owner. We are requested to state that the vessel will be closed to the public on Sunday and Monday, bat open again on Tuesday. Geographical Society. — The annual meeting of the South Australian Branch of the Royal Geographical Society of Aus tralasia, hell at the Society's rooms, in Waymouth-street, on Friday afternoon, May 27, was more than usually in teresting. In the first place the gathering, which was well attended, took place in the Society's new rooms, the walls of which were decorated with maps, charts, native weapons, &c; again, the record of work done was en encouraging and the position cf the Society satisfactory ; while finally Lord Brassey was present, and honoured the meeting with an interesting speech, in which a graceful tribute was paid to such navigators as Captain Cook. He dwelt with gratification upon the fact that it had fallen to the Anglo-Saxon race to settle and develop tha colonies, and insisted upon the freedom of commerce for their prosperity. In connection with New Guinea he alluded to the limitations which latitude imposed npon tbe physical labour of Europeans, but pointed out the profitableness of Englishmen developing such lands by the employment of other races. He did not omit to tonch upon the growing affection existing between England and tbe colonies. The various reports were adopted, and necessary business transacted. From the causes above enumerated it will be easily understood that the meeting was of a most enthusiastic character. The UirEHKOYED. — A large number of the unemployed assembled in front of the Government Labour Bureau on Friday morning, and Mr. Hiibbe took the nameB of 120- men who will leave by Monday morning's train . for the Murray Bridge, whence they will be sent to the Hundreds of Young husband, Foster, and Fisher, for the purpose of clearing roads, erecting rabbit proof fencing, and destroying. rabbits. Mr. Hiibbe will accompany the men to their destination, but will not remain with them, as Mr. Becker is to be the officer in charge. Rations, tents, and tooh will be found for the labourers, who in addition will receive payment to the extent of 3a. 6tL a day, Mr. Hood, of the Bureau, says he will send away 100 sawyers if he can get them. There is sufficient work for the men under Sub-Inspector Becker to keep them' employed for at least two months. Later on in the day the Surveyor-General found that' he could send eighty more men away on .Monday to the Murray country, and at 4 o'clock in the afternoon Mr. Hubbe ' was in attendance at the Bureau to take names. The total number under Mr. Becker's charge will therefore be 200, and if possible more men will be sent to nim ar;little later on. On Friday twelve of the man employed by the Conservator of Forests left for Belair, and the remaining eighteen - have under taken to begfn work there to-day. No passes were issued for the men employed on the Belair Forest. Mr. Brown states that of the 100 hands required for the Wfllowie Forest only ten applications have been received. At present there are many unemployed men in Port Augusta and Quorn, and Mr. Brown has communicated with the Mayors of those towns with a view of ascertaining whether any of the residents in their municipalities would accept work at Willowie as sawyers. \ GOVESSME5T ISTETRFEKEXCE WITH PsiVATB Enteepbise. — The following memorial to the Commissioner of Public 'Works ia being freely signed amongst the licensed carters and working men generally at Port Adelaide : — 'The licensed carters and other inhabitants of Port Adelaide beg respectfully to bring under notice a very serious grievance under which we suffer, owing to the unfair com petition of the Railway Department in the matter of cartage of goods, &o.;, at tha Port, The rates for cartage, as fixed by the Carters' Association, are Is. per ton for measurement goods, and Is. 6d. for dead weight, exclusive of labour, &c.; The railway charge being 63. for cartage, labour on the wharf, and stacking in store for measurement good3, and 9i. psr ton for dead weight, including cartage, labour, stacking, &c;, we respectfully submit that we are heavily handicapped by licence fees and horsefeed and other unavoidable ex penses, which, together with the depression, is so much felt here. This last crashing blow of the Railway Department completely deprives us of any chance of supporting our selves and families. We feel confident that we need only draw attention to thi3 in ordsr to remove a grievance so much felt.' The Missisg Fiseehmen. — Mr. C. M. Muirhead on i'riday morning waited upon the Acting Premier (Hon. J. C. Bray) with a request that the Government would have a, search made for the missing fishermen from Glenelg. Mr. Bray informed him that the police had been patrolling the beach all along tha Gulf, and were still engaged in that work, and that the Govern ment were taking every possible step to ascertain what had become of the men. Women's JC3ILEE Fusd. — A meeting o ths ladies of the Semaphore, called by the Mayor (Mr. J. C. Lovely), was held in the Council Chamber on Friday | afternoon to consider the teBt mean3 of raising subscrip tions fcr this fund. There was a moderate attendance. An apology was received from Mrs. Lovely, who though unable to attend was in full sympathy with the movement. Mr. Lovely said that ha waa present in hi capacity as Mayor. He had called the meeting at the request of several lady resi dents who were anxious that the ladies of the Semaphore and surrounding districts should have an opportunity of co-operating .with the. adiea of Adelaide in their efforts to establish a Women's Queen Victoria Jubilee 'FundC He had no voice in the matter, but his idea was that the funds should be devoted to establishing a permanent national fund for the relief and assistance of distressed women and children in South Australia. He hoped they would attempt nothing merely local, but would unite with the Central Committee in Adelaide and make the movement a national one, and ona worthy of tha event it was intended to commemo rate. The following officers were then elected :— President, Mrs. Oldham ; Secretary and Treasurer, Mra. Walcot; Committee, Mesdames Legoe, W. S. Jone3, Ward, W. L. Gardiner, and Penny, and Misses Jessie Hall and Crampton. Sub-co.nmitteea were appointed to canvass various part3 of the neighbourhood. Cut of Adelaide Land ahtj Ikyestmest Cosipasy. — Tha following is the report of the Directors of the City of Adelaide Lard and Investment Company : — ' Your Directors are glad to be able to stats that since last report the position of the Company has sensibly improved. The rent roll has beea increased ; economy has been exercised as to salaries and management ; and the energetic action of the committee of share holders appointed for that and other pur poses has led to the recovery from Mr. Thomas Graves, a late Director, of £5,820, of which the Company have already received £5,600, the balance (£220) being for the present retained by tha committee to defray costs and meet possible expenses of pro secuting the other claims against former Directors and others. The next balance sheet will, your Directors hope, exhibit a marked improvement as compared with its predecessors. The greatest difficulty now to be contended with is the heavy burden of interest which the Company has to meet. Your Directors are considering what financial rearrangements can best be made with a view to lessening that burden, and in their efforts to do so rely upon the Bupport of the share holders. Your Directors believe that with the returning prosperity of the colony there will in the spring be an opportunity of realizing some of the Company's properties, and they invite the co-operation of the share holders to this end, each shareholder having had furnished to him a list with full par ticulars of the Company's properties.' The balance-sheet to March 31, 18S7, is as follows: — Dr. — Capital account (nominal), £250,000; Ies3 calls unpaid, £6,922; do. un paid on 9.1S0 forfeited shares, £46,605 17s.; do. uncalled on 15,830 shares, £23,730. Capital account (special), £7,400; mort gages, £138,270 ; interest on same, £2,449 53. Id.; sundry creditors, £929 14b.; Sinking Fund, £505 2a. 6d.; unclaimed dividends and interest in suspense, £5S 2a. 8d. ; total, £322,354 7s. 3d. Cr.— Properties, £264,319 Is. 6d.; bills receivable, £115 ; National Biuk current account, £127 10s. 7d.; profit and loss, £57,792 15s. 2d. ; total, £322,354 7s. 31 Profit and Loss Account. — To balance as par last statement, £51,423 18s. 3d.; interest for half-year, £5,527 15s. lid.; rent on lease holds, £258 23. 6d.; land tax, £386 33. 9d.; city rates, £329 14s, 8d.; water and sewage rates, £293 18s. Id.; legal expenses, £803; repairs and improvements to properties, £176 14s. lid.; fire insurances, £51 2s. 8d.; Sinking Fund, £90 6s. 3d.; printing and advertising, £70 8s. 4d.; expenses re Assets Company, £105 5a.; commission account, £5 ; general charges, £373 4s. 2d.; total, £59,89 i 14s. 6d. By rentals, £2,101 193. 4d.; balance, £57,792 15s. 2d.; total, £59,894 143. 6i. South Australian Railway Service Mutual Association. — Mr. W. F. Stock, M.P., presided over a large and representa tive meeting of railway employe's held in the Escbange-room, Adelaide, on Thursday evening. The Chairman said in a late visit to Melbourne he had interviewed Mr. J. B. Johnson, the General Secretary of the Rail way Employe's Association, who freely imparted information with reference to the objects and working of the same. The result was a meeting of representatives from the raiiway departments on April 27, when it was resolved to draft laws for a similar Association here. The delegates appointed met from time to time until their plans were matured. Hence the pre sent meeting. The first motion — 'That it is desirable to forthwith establish a Railway Employed Association in South Australia, to be called the South Australian Eailway Service Mutual Association' — carried nan. con. The laws as prepared by the delegates were then read and adopted. Mr. Stock, M.P., was elected the first Pre sident of the Association with great applause. Mr. G. E. Harvey and Mr. J. T. Williams were chosen Vice-Presidents, Mr. G. Grim mond Treasurer, Mr. J. L. Lister Minute Secretary. The election of General Secre tary evoked considerable discussion, some eight or ten speakers holding the view that a gentleman outside the service should be ap pointed, because a railway employe* would not be able to exercise adequate independence and freedom, while his position in the service might be prejudiced. On the other hand is was said that no greater objection could reasonably be taken to the Secretary than to any other officer of the Association, while under any circumstances the Secretary would only have to open up and continue as directed a respectful correspondence with the chief of any department. The Chairman said the General Secretary of the Railway Employe's' Association in Victoria wc.3 an employe. Mr. J. Brown was unanimously elected to be General Secretary. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Stock for the great interest he had shown in the promotion of the Associa tion. Law Debating Society.— A meeting of the Law Students' Debating Society was held on Wednesday night, May 18. Mr. R G. Moore (Vice-President) presided. The fol lowing questions were diacussed :— A, an agent, acting within the general scope of hia authority, makes a false statement, honestly believing it to be true, which statement induces a third party to enter into a con tract. His principal did not expressly authorize him to make such a statement, and knew that such a statement, if made, would be false. Can the contract be avoided ? Mr. Mellor, with Mr. E. E. Cleland, spoke in favour of the affirmative, while Mr. W. F. Andrews, with Mr. W. E. Heuzenroeder, supported the negative. After considerable discussion themeeting decided for the affirma tive. The Chairman stated that the question was a very difficult and doubtful one, but that so far as he had any opinion at all on such a short consideration of the subject he was in favour of the view taken by tbe meet ing. The second question considered was— A, an agent for the Colonial Life Insurance Company, calls upon B, ani induces him to insure his father with the Company. B has no insurable interest in hi3 father's life, but A tells him he may lawfully effect the insu rance. Subsequently, and before hia father'3 death, B discovers that the policy is illegal, and gives notice of repudiation to the Com pany. Can B recover the premiums he ha3 paid upon the policy ? Mr. J. A, Northmore argued for the affirmative, while Mr. Isbister opposed, and quoted the late case of Howard v. The Eefuge Friendly Society (51 LT,, N.S., p. 544), and the meeting, with whom the Chairman agreed, decided, on the autho ritv mainly ol this case, for the negative. West Torbess Political Debating Clttjs. —A meeting of thiB Debating Association was held on Thursday evening in the Insti tute, Hindmarsh. Councillor Shearing was in the chair. Mr. J. Hooker gave an addres3 on the ' Tariff,' especially aa regarded iron working. His remarks tended to show that the tariff was very unfair to the local ironworker. He had 125 msa in his employ, and if the bridge tender bad been let in the colony he cr some other employer might be employing many more, by which the colony would benefit. He argued very strongly in favour of protection for native industries, and was listened to attentively. Mr. B. Nash, M.P., said the question of protection was being; thoroughly discussed, and would receive the attention of Parliament at no distant period. Mr. B. Gould, M.P., and Mr. W. Forwood also addressed the meeting. There was a fair attendance. Agbicultub ii Society. — The monthly meeting of the Royal Agricultural Society held on Friday morning was morei than' usually inierestin?r, several of the matters dealt. with being out of the common. ;In ad -ntiou i» b ejeral spejcial.|)rizea(offeze4 by Mr. J. H. Angaa for various kinds of sheep to be exhibited at the September Show, a special prize of £20 was given by the President for the best farm of not less than 80 acres or more than 2,000. situated within a radius of 50 miles of the city or not more than 20 miles from a railway station. On the suggestion of Mr. T. N. Grierson it was resolved that after the usual three days' Show a fourth day should be devoted to horses in action, and a special effort was made to raise a first prize of £30 for horse-jumping. This recommendation met with general approval, and as an addition to the ordinary and several Bpecial prizes given, two silver butter-coolers were presented by Mr. West for the best dairy cows in the Ayrshire and Hereford class. The Show, which will be held conjointly with the Jubilee Exhibition, promises to be the best the colony haa yet witnessed. Certainly the prizes are very much more valuable than any hitherto offered in the colony. At a previous meeting of the Society Mr. T. Hardy gave a paper on winegrowing. On Friday he was thanked for his contribution, which was described as an exceedingly valuable one, and calculated to induce persons to go in for winegrowing. All the gentlemen who dis cuBsed Mr. Hardy's paper agreed that im mediate steps would have to be taken to combat the sparrow nuisance, or the prospect of the colony being a successful winepro ducing country would be a thing of the past. It was also pointed out that the wanthof an establishment that purchased young wines checked the industry, which, however, should pay in this colony. A suggestion made by Mr. G. W. Cotton, that prizes should be offered for the best kept working man's block, was referred to the Agricultural Committee. How Townships are Laid Out. — The Town Council of Hindmarsh are now endeavouring to get a road from Brompton Park to Ridieyton North for the convenience of residents in these localities, the necessity of which will be apparent from the following facts. Brompton Park extends from the Adelaide and Port Railway to Torrens-road, and on the north side of Coglin-street, which is almost a mile in length, no road exists into the section laid out as Ridieyton North, and as all the land is in private hands there is considerable difficulty now in getting one. In laying out Ridieyton North no provision was made for a road, all the land being cut up into allotments. Oa the park side Mr. Coglin, the owner, reserved a strip 10 feet wide the whole length of the land, which even whea up for sale some two or three years back was marked ' reserve' on the plan, so that sales could only be effected up to that re serve. It may or may not be that this had anything to do with the fact that none of the land except near tha railway was sold, but it was after wards withdrawn and enclosed as a paddock by a surrounding concrete wall, which when built at the very point -where a road is desired at the present time was the causa of a lawsuit between Mr. Coglin and Mr. Bridgart. The latter had purchased the corner block abutting on the road, as shown on the plan, and used the same as a rightof way to his back premises, and when the wall was built knocked it down, hence the law suit, which resulted in a decision that a road existed at this point, at any rate for the depth of the land owned by Mr. Bridgart. The residents in Ridieyton North have virtually only one means — except by courtesy or trespass— of getting to or from their homes, viz., by the Government-road, Croydon, which necessitates a long journey round to get to any point except north of the locality. School tor Blackwood Gully. — On Friday Mr. C. J. Daahwood, M.P., waited on the Minister of Education and presented a request from the residents of Blackwood Gully and surrounding neighbourhood that a provisional school might be opened there. It was stated that more than thirty children would attend. The Minister replied that he would cause the usual form of application for a school to be' forwarded to the residents. Ostriches.— The Gawler Bimyip writes : — ' The once-celebrated ostrich farm is now no more. The last ostrich has been removed. For a long time Malcolm's Ostrich Farm has been one of the show places of Gawler. People have come from long distances, and many a party has been made up to visit the spot. Though the ostriches have been re moved the object has been attained, and the birds have become acclimatized to the colony. Most of the progeny of the imported birds are now at Port Augusta, but some have gone to other parts of the colony.' Medical Appointments. — Mr. Charles R, Price, M.R.C.S., England, and registered in this province, has been appointed to the charge of Teetulpa Hospital during Dr. Richardson's absence. Stealing Beehives.— Our correspondent at Stirling West writes under date May 27 :— " For some four or five months past various persons in Stirling, Crafers, Aldgate, and Bridgewater have missed their beehives. In some cases bees have also been taken. This afternoon Mounted-constable Mack arrested two young men named Arthur Williams and Thomas Jones for stealing frames. Williams, who is a married man, had several of the stolen hives in the bedroom of his house, and amongst eight hives he had outside are several of the missing frames. The affair has caused a stir in the district. Both prisoners will be brought before the Court to-morrow afternoon. The police station at present has the novel appearance of a bee farm," Probates. — During the week ended May 27 the following probates and letters of administration were granted : — Probates. — William Lane, of St. Kilda, Victoria, £1,150 ; William Fudge, of Kapunda, £50 ; William Hutchison, of Hindmarsh Valley, £300; Thomas Herbert, sen., £500; Andrew Hunter, of Palmerston, £150; Walter Manser, of Mount Crawford, £2,200 ; Patrick Mclntyre, of Para Plains, £400; Joseph Clothier, of North Adelaide, £50 ; Eleonora Ran, of Hahndorf. £75 ; Margaret Cobain, of Port Adelaide, £200; Isaac Rush, of Ade laide, £400 ; William Kerslake, of Middleton, before Duty Act. Letters of Administration. —Edward Clarke, of Border Town, £280; Frederick Hodges, of Adelaide, £500; J. W. McKechnie, of Port Wakefieia, £300 ; George Lord, of Murtoa, Victoria ; Alison Smith, of Goodwood Park, £1,850. Sudden Dkathofa Market Gardener.— The Coroner was informed on Friday morning that Mr. Thomas Stanford, a well-known market gardener residing at Belair, died suddenly while in the stable attending to hia horses. An inquest will be held at Belair this morning. Mounted Infantry CoRfS.— Enrolment of men in the Mounted Infantry Corps under the Defence Forces Act of 188S is taking place in different parts of the colony. The numbers enrolled up to the present time are aa follows :— A (Moonta), 30 ; B (Hammond), 43; C (Blyth), 32; D (Wilmington), 35; and E (Melrose), 24r— making a grand toted of 164. City Battalion Volunteer Force— Regi- mental Order. — The following is a descrip tion of the uniform as approved by the Com mandant -.—Tunic— Close fitting, of dark blue serge cloth (aa per sample), with light blue facings (collar and cuffs), with one eighth scarlet pipings around collar; deDth of collar, I3 inches ; the cuff to be fmishad with Austrian knot on sleeve upon scarlet backing, showing one-eighth of an. inch on each side of braid-scarlet piping; in front on left side and down pleats at back. Shoulder straps of same cloth as tunio, edged with scarlet piping as before described, with 1 ovei A.V. in silvered metal affixed to same. Buttons of silver. Trousers — Dark-blue aeree cloth, with scarlet piping ? down seam. Helmet aa now worn, with badge in front in silvered metal (now being struck off). Forage Cap— Dark-blue cloth, with silver bugle ornament: upon scarlet background. Captains of companies are requested to hava the alteration made at once, so that the City Battalion may appear in their new uniform on June 21. Ths 'Ghost' Story.— The Blackrock correspondent of the Northern Argus iwrites on May 24 ;—' Since the 17th inst; the resi dents of this part have been in a stase of great excitement over the Yanyarrie and Cradock ghost story, the subject of it, the little girl Schnltze, being brought here by her .father upon the above date, in consequence of Mr. and Mrs. - Hamdorf s - reluctance to keeping 1 the chUd any longer. Sufficient haa been witnessed here by many persons, myself amongBt the number, to convince us that the reports appearing from Cradock were not exaggerated, although unaccountable. Knock ing has been heard here when the child was sound asleep, but she seema under some Btranga and powerful influence during ihe time the knocking continues,.as her arms are restless and her head rolls about from side to side. Having heard that npon touching her hair whilst in this state the person. so doing would experience a shock as of elec tricity, I once or twice attempted this, but each time npon putting my hand close to her head, without touching her, she gave a sharp spring in the bed to avoid the contact, though still asleep, and casting her head about, sighing, and tossing her arms. As soon as the knocking, which appeared to be under the wall and close to the child's head, ceased she became quite calm, and her sleep natuiaL Shortly after the knocking ceased she was awakened, and asked several ques tions, but denied any knowledge of what had transpired during the time she was under this strange influence. Mr. Rodeghiere, to whose place ahe and her brother have been taken by the father, haabeen very much annoyed by the crowds coming there to witness these mani festations. Though perfectly willing to give every facility, the house is often crowded to excess. The knocking is not heard regularly every night, neither does it come at the same time each night. The whole family seem very anxious to have the matter solved, and are. perfectly willing to afford every reason able facility to any person wishing to investi gate it. A neighbour of Mi. Schultze's from Eurilpa, who knew the child well up there, informed me to- day that she has lately fallen away very much, although she still seems to be quite lively and cheerful. Several persons who have seen the child whilst under this influence cannot account for the statement given by Mounted-constable Shegog concern ing the affair that the child was causing the knocks herself. I can positively assert that the child is subject to some yet unaccount able influence, and I trust the question may be soon solved satisfactorily.' Musical. — After an absence of fifteen months the Rev. Dr. Torrance, incumbent of Holy Trinity Church, Balaclava (says the Argus), returned to Melbourne in the R.M.S. Bengal. During a three months' residence in Leipsic he made the acquaintance cf Pro fessors Heinecke and Zwintscher, and other European celebrities, while at the eatne time he had abundant opportunity of observing the system of instruction and working of the famous conservatorium founded there by Mendelssohn, and where he has placed his pupil, Ernest Hutcheson, under excellent care and tuition. Stopping for a short tdma en route, at Cologne and Brussels, the seat of another Continental school of music, Dr. Torrance proceeded to Dresden, Berlin, and Hanover, the abodes likewise of illustrious stars- in the musical firmament. In August last he took with him young Hutcheson to the world-renowned 'Wagner Festival' at Bayreuth, and was much impressed by the representation, on a scale of exceptional grandeur and 'perfection, of Wagner's great works, ' Parsifal' and ' Tristan and Isolde.' The performance and general effect he con sidered in every respect faultless, and the rendering of the 'true musical drama,' ac cording to the composer's ideal, such as could not, under ordinary conditions, be heard else where' In the course of a prolonged tour Dr. Torrance took special interest in visiting some of the principal Cathedrals of England and Ireland, and after friendly interviews and discussion with their organists— anch eminent musicians, eg., as Dr. Stainer, Dr. Bridge, Sir Robert Stewart, and others —he has come back furnished with pre cedents and ample information, which may, perhaps, be of ziB9 hereafter in the forma tion of a Melbourne Cathedral choir, when ever it is thought desirable to organize such a body. Suicide of a Commercial Traveller. — The Ballarat correspondent of the Argus sent the following telegram on May 25 :— ' A com mercial traveller named James E. Smalley, representing Messrs. Cameron Brothers and Co., tobacco importers, committed suicide to-day in a manner which was sensational from its deliberateness and effectiveness. Smalley early this afternoon walked into Tinworth's Hotel, in Grenville-street, and, going into the bar parlour, ordered a glass of whisky. The whisky was taken into the room for him, and he then closed tha door, and almost immediately the sound of a shot was heard from the room, and the bar atten dant going in found Smalley reclining back wards in a chair, blood issuing from his mouth. The room was full of smoke, and in Smalley's right hand was a six-chambered revolver, Dr. Morrison, who was at once sent for, arrived in a very few minutes, and he then pronounced him dead, and considered that death had followed in stantaneously upon the shot. The suicide evidently put the revolver to his mouth, and pointed it upwards. The bullet passed com pletely through his head, coming out on'the top, but hia face was unmarked. The weapon used was a Le Feancheux pin-fire revolver, and had evidently been recently purchased, as the new box in which it was kept was on the table, together with a nnmber of car tridges. Five chambers of the revolver were loaded. When Smalley went into the hotel he was smoking a cigar, and there was nothing in his manner to indicate that he was bent on anymore unusual action than drinking a glass cf whisky. He must have proceeded very coolly about compassing his death, aa a set of upper false teeth belonging to him were found on the table beside him, having, no doubt, been removed by him before putting the revolver to his mouth, and an ink pencil, also on the table, Bhowed that the endorsement on tfie' insurance policy found in hia pocket had been written just before he fired the fatal shot. In the pockets of the deceased's clothes were several pocket-books, some jewellery valued at about £50— including a watch, chain, and coin case — and a number of torn LO.U.'s. In one pocket-book was a receipt for a policy in the Mutual Insurance Society of Victoria for £500, and endorsad upon it in indelible pencil was the terse epigrammatic announcement:— 'My wife's address is The Ferns, Brentwith, Essex, England.' There was nothing found on the deceased to show why he destroyed himself. An inquest was begun this afternoon, and adjourned to give time to the police to get the evidence together. Smalley was about 35 years of age. Curious to relate, it was reported here Borne months ago that he had committed suicide in a coun try hoteL' The Release of Prisoners on Jubilee Day. — The Melbourne Daily Telegraph writes :— ' The Premier has had his attention drawn to the proposal oi the Tasmanian Ministry to release twenty-five prisoners from the Launceston and twenty-two from the Hobart Gaol in honour of Her Majesty's Jubilee. Mr. Gillies says such a proposition was never mooted in the Victorian Cabinet. He is aware that in India prisoners were released in commemoration of the attainment by the. Queen cf the fiftieth year of her reign ; but he thinks the msuority must have been political prisoners, or under very light sentences. In Tasmania the men who are to be thus favoured are described as having but brief terms of imprisonment to serve. Mr. Gillies knows of no deserving cases in this colony, but if any are brought under Ms notice he will give them consideration. The Acting Chief Secretary (Mr. Pearson) has no intention to recommend the Victorian Cabinet to follow the example of India or Tasmania. Mr. PeaiBon explains with regard to India that there many persons are incarcerated for trifling debts, and it would Joe a positive relief to the Government to set them afc liberty, but here such a state of things does not obtain. The remission of light sentences, on the other hand, would be interfering with the discre tionary power of the Judges, who are now showing every disposition to review the whole of the circumstances of the cases which come before them prior to passing sentence. To allow the men' now confined inPentridge to gat loose on Eociety would be a terrible return for the loyalty displayed by the lawrabiding citizens.' The Penteidge Baby.— The Acting Chief Secretary has received from the Chief Com missioner of Police in Adelaide (the Mel- . bourne DaUy Tilt graph remarks) a letter, in which the boy '.Wray,' ..the 'Pentridge Baby,' ?'?. is ~ summarily described after the fashion of the police as a ' thief and a liar.' He is said to be 'well known aa such in ' Queenstown,' and although Mr.' Pearson sees no reason to interfere with the course of the law in Wrap's case, pnblio attention having been called to the mode of treatment of juvenile criminals, the Acts of Parliament dealing with neglected and criminal children are to be altered, so that in future the law may tend to reform and not manufacture criminals. Rabbit-prcot Fence.— The Minister of Lands some weeks since invited tenders for the erection of a rabbit-proof fence along the South Australian Border (says the Leader). The work was divided into three sections, and a number of tenders were sent in for each, but the prices were, without exception, bo much in excess of the estimate that the Minister did not feel himself justified in accepting any of the tenders until a report had been obtained upon them from an officer of the department. After due enquiries Mr. Dow has decided only to accept the tender of Mr. G. Trueman, of Border Town, for the first section of 40 miles at £19 per mile, The two remaining sections, which provide for : 70 miles of fencing, are to be readvertised, as the prices were too high, the highest tenderer being actually three times in excess of the price at which the first section was let. For the first section the wire- netting of which the fence is to be constructed will have to be sent from Melbourne by railway to Dimboola, and thence to the Border j but for the remaining sections it is proposed to send the material from Echuca by steamer down the Murray, thus considerably lessen ing the cost of carriage. Shark Story. — Some visitora to the Tipara I Lighthouse last Saturday had quite an uncommon adventure (says the T.P. Advertiser of May 27). After a very Blow, monotonous passage out, and while antici pating a similar return trip, a large shark, about 15 feet^in length, was Bighted by one of the party quietly swimming within a few yards of the; piles cf the lighthouse. Pre parations were at once made to capture the monster. A large hook of half -inch iron, with a shaft nearly 3 feet long, was attached to a line 1| inches thick. The hook was then baited with a piece of dried snapper. Soon the challenge was accepted and his sharkship became securely hooked just behind the jaw, when it made off at a furious r&te;, lashing the sea into foam for yards around. But the joint effort of four or five men brought it to a fall stop. Then began the work of hauling in. This was no easy matter, for the monster felt disposed to enter a most vigorous protest to man's impudence. The five men could not hold it until they gave the rape a turn round one of the piles, At length it was hauled up within a few yards'of the steps, when it be came troublesome and wound the rope short around a pile. They (the keepers) succeeded in harpooning it, but with a tremendous roll and a plunge the harpoon was doubled up like fencing-wire, and at the same time the rope broke, much to the chagrin of the would be captors, and the shark swam quietly away with the hook in his jaw and a terrible harpoon wound in his side, the blood from which dyed the water red for yards in his wake. Whilst the struggle was going on the excitement was intense, several of the ladies being afraid that the whole structure would be pulled away by the infuriated creature, but with the exception of carrying away the rudder of the yacht, which was moored &to; the steps, no material damage was done. The Czar and his Escort. — A letter of recent date from St. Petersburg states:— 'Great precautions are taken here every time the Czar drives out. Before the carriage or the sledge leaves the AnitchkofF Palace the police are informed by telephone as to the direction in which the Czar contemplates driving. The ordinary police force is im mediately doubled all along the way; and the especial corps of scouts are stationed on each footway. These scouts are mostly private? or sub-officers who have served their time. They form a brigade of several hundred men, who wear civilians' dress, and receive rather high wages. They follow the Czar as his shadow. They went with him to Skier nievice, Kremsier, Finland, and to the Crimea. At Gatchina and Peterhof they form the inner circle of the guards surround ing the palace. One sees them there conceal ing themselves to the beat of their ability behind trees, Bhrubs, and bushea. The Czar is quite against these strict precautions, but the police assert that it is impoasible to act otherwise.' The Banquet to K.C.M.G.'s,— The pro gramme for the 'Convention and banquet of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George to be held by Her Majesty's gracious permission at St. James's Palace in honour of the jubilee of the Queen its Sovereign' was issued to the members on Saturday morning (remarks the World), JIhe guests are to assemble at a quarter-past 7 in the Friary Court ; at half-past 7 they are to be received by Grand Master the Duke of Cambridge, 'supported by H.R.H. the Prince of Wales.' Levee dress and collars, stars and badges are de rigueur; Knights Grand Cross must wear white bows on their shoulders, and Commanders and officers are instructed care fully 'to attach their ribbons to the inside of their coat lappets. The tickets are neatly edged with purple and crimson, and the fortunate recipients are requested :to remit immediately the modest sum of £2 03, to the Officer -at -Arms, Mr. Adams. . Our colonial friends are naturally disgusted, and many of them are pardonably outspoken in their righteous indignation. They object very strongly to celebrate the anniversary of their own particular Order and the rrrach-talked-of jubilee by a costly table d'hote, even if it be held in a royal palace and presided over by Princes of the blood. This ill-judged par simony will do incalculable harm and make everybody concerned in it supremely ridi cnlous. Surely the Queen or the Grand Master might contrive for once to feast these worthy colonial knights. I hope that the Prince of Wales, who is so hoscitable himself, will at the eleventh hour Interfere to prevent this grave scandal, which already causes many to doubt the reality of the proud device of the Order1 — Auspkium Melioris JHei. Lacrosse Match To-day. — The first lacrosse match played in Adelaide this season will take place on the Old Racecourse this afternoon between the Adelaides and North Adelaides. Both teams will be fairly strong, the personnel being a3 follows : — Adelaides— Ashton, A. T. Bosher, W. T. Boundy, A, Cox, S, A. Davenport, B- Evans, D. Fowler, F. W. Giles, S. H, Goode, F. Goode, L, Prince, C. Rischbieth, and A. Wilkinson (captab). North Adelaides— A. E. Ayers, F. W. Belt, W. J. Bonnin, C. W. Bowman^ W. H, Bragg (captain), D. Cavanagn, D, Connor, H. Davenport. C. Marryat, E. Maxryat, W, Magarey, H. F. Sendy, and S. D. Smith. Presentation.— At a meetin? of the Port Congregational . Young Christians' Union, held en Thursday evening, a handsome illumi nated addiess was presented to Mr. W. _D, Murray by the Rev. J. C. Kirby, on behalf of the Young Men's Society and Young Christians' Union connected with the Church. Eulogistic ~ references were made to Mr. Murray, who by years of good work in con nection with both Societies had earned the respect and esteem of all with whom he came into contact. ' Mr. Murray Baitably acknow ledged the compliment. Bishop's Home Fdnd. — A children's fete and fair will be held during the midwiater vacation in Whinham College in aid of the. BiBnop's Home Mission Society. It promises to be entirely different from anything in the way of bazaars yet held here, and should attract all the children, and with- them of course their parents, '.there are to bs no rafSea or lotteries. - - Football,— To-day the Norwoods meet the South Adelaides on the Adelaide Oval. The West Adelaides'' play the Gawlers at Kensington, and at Alberton the Ports will try conclusions with the Hotnama.' . LEersLAnvB Coujrcn. Election,— We are requested to state that the name of Mr. E. T.Smi£h,_ Mayor of Adelaide, wa3 inadver tently omitted from the list of those signing the. requisition to Mr. J. H. Angas which appeared in our issue yesterday morning. T-nrni-RTRt.'. ipp Literary Society.— At t^s Piriejstreefc Literary : Society on Friday evening, Messrs, D. KirkmaTi, V. A. Wordie, G. F. Denness, and.W. Long were elected to Union Parliament, ' ? - Boys' Brigade.— The following donations have been received :— R. W. PatfulVL. P. ? Laurence, Goode, Durrant, & Co:, Harris, :Scarfe,2; Co., Cameron & Co.,G. & R. 'Wills, £1 Is. each ; collected by -Mfo« . Goode, AldingSjfil. - , ; .- Women's Jubilee Fusd.-t— A ideeling in connection with the above -srillbs held! in the Council Chamber, Aldinga, fins afternoon.. 