LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS, The Customs Revenue for the past week amounted to £2708 14s 6d. -ADVANcCEMENT.-Slcepy Parramatta has now a daily paper-the Evening Post, run by Dunshea and Sons. BrUE RInnoN.-The usual Blue Ribbon temperance meeting will take place to-night in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Newcastle. QuoIT cHAIDICAP.-E-ntries for the quoit handicap in connection with the Wallsend Athletic Club will be received up to to-day. "A COMPrETITOR."-Of course the thing is unfair, if not nefarious; but if people will go into such palpable "do's" they must take the consequences. TEMPERANCE DEMONSTRATIOAN.-An ad journed meeting of representatives will be held this evening, at Mr. Pike's refreslmsent room, Bolton-street. AN ARSTOCRATIrro CoPLAINT :--'Lord Cnarnarvon has been seized with.an attack of gout, and was unable to proceed to Mel bourne on-Wednesday. A NlEW GoVrRNOr.--Sir G. Des Vmux, the new Governor of Hongkong, has:arrived at that place. Sir George is very much at home in a Crown colony... ........: "THE Broad and Narrow Way" will form the subject of a lecture to be delivered by. Mr. B. Smith, in St. Mark's Hall; Ielinsgton, on Monday evening next. Rev. JT P. llis will preside. WIrcKicAr AND BITLoceC ISLAND Coirl CoMPANY, LItITnD.~-The half yearly general meeting of the above company will be lheld in the Chamber of Commerce, Sydney, on bIon day next, at 11 o'clock. STEAM TO GnAPTOx.-Thle fine passenger steamncr Australian will leave Newcastle on Monday night, at 8 o'clock, for the Clarence River, via Sydney, taking goods and pas sengers at very moderate rates. THE HALL OF' SCIENCE ANnD SALVATION An3rY.-In the discussion on Sunday (to morrow) night, the opener of the debate will affirm that the Gospel of the Salvation Army will be the religion of the future. The nature of the subject is expected to-produce a hvely debate. BANDs oF M?lner.--At the- Public School concert on Thursday night in the Lyceum the- pupils wore their handsome badges of membership of the Band of Mercy formed at the Newcastle Superior Public School, and which had a very pleasing effect. Long may the Bands of Mercy flourish!!: SSCARncITY OF WOR5.--A young man named Peter Reilly was charged at the local police court yesterday with having no lawful means of support. He had not worked for five weeks,;but he stated, in extenuation, that he had been unable to got anything to do, and that he had been promised a "job" on Mon day. The Bench-discharged him. SUNDAY EXCURSION TO. CLA.ILENCE TOWYN. -Captain Walker will be- in charge of the favourite steamer Ethel, which leaves the Market Wharf, weather permitting, on Sun day morning next, at a quarter to 9 o'clock, oalling at Stockton, Carrington, and Ray mond Terrace, for Clnronce Town. The return fare is the moderate one of three shillings. NEWCCO3.EN- STREE-T-Tho state of this street, as it nears- HIuntber-satreet, is in a shamefully disgraceful and dangerous condi. tion. Yesterday, we saw a horse dragging a cart with very little in it over a heap of stones and boulders, which threatened overy minute to capsize the cart and break the horse's legs. Should the latter event occur, we consider thie owner would have a splendid action for damages against the Borough Council. Ver-bum sac. ANNIVERSARY OF TII CONGREGATIONAL CinUncI, BROWN-STRIEET.-W?V understand that thie anniversary of the Congregational Church, Brown-street, is certain to be of un usual interest. The Rev. Dr. Jeffris, of Pitt-street, Sydney, will conduct the services morning and evening on Sunday, 13th November, and the usual tea and public. meeting will be held on Tuesday, 22nd November, when addresses will be given by the Rev. Dr. Dale, of London, Mr. Spicer, of London, and other friends. H. R. A. aMc H. AssocIrATroN GRcne STANSIX-A-t thie special meeting of the com mittee of the H. R. A. and Ht. Association at West Maitland yesterday, to decide about thie competitive- plans for the proposed grand stand, the plans of Mr. James Warren Scobie, architect, of West Maitland (under motto S'inerecta) were unanimously eolected. IMany people connected with the building trade in Newcastle will remember Mie. Scobic, as having been chief draughtsman with Messrs. Bennett and Yeomuns, of this city, since when hie has commenced business in Maitland. ALLEGED INDECENT ASSAUL F.-At the local police court, yesterday, an elderly man was charged with having indecently assaulted a young girl, Kate Smith, 11 years old, in the bush at Hamilton, on the -lth inst. The evidonce of the girl was theo only proof of tho actual committal of the offence, but several witnesses deposed t- seeing accused Sin the child's company. A remand was granted nntil this morning to obtain certain evidence of thIe girl's age,. 3and the witneses, whose evidence had been taken, were condi tionally bound over to reppear at.the Criminal -Court to be hold on December lst. IN order to ]have a rapid sale of our New Mantles just opened we halve marked the prices very low indeed. Scott and Aird. 1714 VAcoINATION.--L. Bceston will vaccinate children on Tueadays and Fridays, at 11 o'clock, at the surgery, Bolton-street. 9114 WIT an earuly issue of the fierald oaE Adoocate we will present each of our sub. scribers witl, a beautifully-coloured litho graphic vioew of 'the city of Newcnstle, sur rounded by illustrations of many?of our most prominent buildings and poilts of interest. The p-roduotion will be the work of some of the most skilled artists iu Australia; and, as it will be printed in fiva colours, on a white ground, will be well worth preserving as a memento of Newcastle in 1887. As only a limited number can be obtained, agents ars requested to aend in their orders forthwiwth to prevent disappointment and annoyaneo. Scox D Al ul)8's for lovely millii nery, 1704 SLPEcIAL-TRAs will be run to·day and to. morrow. .Pnaris says the Chinese Commi3ssionere may be in Hadcles for all he knows or cies; LAST NlIGHT OF nIE STAR MINSlTnrTRs. D'Arcy Read's ghost at the Victoria Thesre on Monday night next. WonuRD CoPWlr TrroN.-'Weo direct atten tion to "infleld's" adverrtisemnont on the competition on tihe word " Doncaster." IoSIT Iocuns' ART Un?ro.-In our ad vertising columns wvill be found the list of winners of prizes over the value of £1. CoYTRACTouS are referred to our adver tising columns for particulars of some impor tant works, for which tenders arm invited. THE building of tlhe public baths in Noew comen-street progresses energetically, ind the contractor, Mr, J. Russell, deserve credit for the energetic manner in which it has been pushed on. Ti.E SAQND-·DIFT ACT.-A special meeting of the 3orough Cbuncil has been convened for Monday, at 4 o'clock, to consider Mr.. Abigail's proposition to revoke the Act of' Parliament dealing with the resumption, of the sand-drift. CHINESE VELor.-ITho doctors of Ta mania and a Victorian expert are clearly of opinion that the cause of the smallpox out break was a European handling the clothee of a Chinese, who himself had suffiered only from severe chickenpox. FEsTOONS of the family linen hanging oust to dry are observable in some of the finest buildings in the only street of Newcastle. Cleanliness is a virtue, of course, but the family wash would look better in the back ground than as a frontispiece. NEWCASTLE PIrILIARrorNIc SOOCIETY. Members of the Philharmonic 'Society are reminded by advertisembnt thlat tlhe'pactices for the rendition of Haydn's immortal work, "The Creation," commence onMoxiday next, and tlhat a full attendance is requested. Bowalcre GREE.- By ddvertisement else. wheore, signed by thlie Mayor, it Will be seon that the enclosure iin the large Rbserve, known as'tie bowling green, will, on and after to-diay, be thrown open to the public for tie purpbse of recreation, at all times of thesday. THE Borough?? Councils workmen have been engaged for the last few days in con structing large brick arched ouslets for theo sewers which debouchl into the river near the stathls, and have laid down fresii planking ees the sewer near the gate of the A.A. Company's Whlarf. If any visitors to Newcastle wish to see an encampment of Australian aboriginals, their curiosity.is, very likely, to. be gratified by a visit to the.ground in rear of:the AA. Com pany's Wharf, where two or .three. of the denizens of the Australian wilds will very likely.be found camping out. NOTWITsTaacNDINcO thle thousands being lavished on the public .works of the colony, the Gorvernment cannot find the necessary small amountn for painting the Newcastle Court-house. The building at present has the appearance of an ancient Greek ruin of thie time of Diana of the Ephesians. S1'EWa vT'S BnOOK diggings are by latest accounts looking up, and a good many men are on the field. There is a considerable amount of prospecting work going on for miles around, and some good reefs have been struck, in which some Newcastle residents are interested. Tres ECronT-IoUn Ds.roeSRaTIaON.-In our advertising columns will be found an ex pression of thanks by the employees of the Harbours and Rivers Department (Noewcastlo Brandch) to Mr. W. J. Bramble, butcher, Honeysuckle Point, for havihg lent them the use of a lorry and four horses on thile occa sion of the last Eight-hlour' Demonstration. Tue new quay at the A.A. Co.'s wharf is rapidly approaching completion. A large staff of workmen has been kept, on by Mr. J. Russell for some time past, and pile-driving and filling-in to a consideraltre extent. have transformned the foreshore of the river into berthing accommodation, at whilch Irgeves sels can soon safely lie. Mn. TnosrAs HUETLEY, thle well-known shipping and family butcher, of Miller's Point, Sydney, visited the slau ghtfr house on the Stockton side of the river yesterday, with some fellow knights of the cleaver. They do not express themselves as particularly well pleased with the local abattoir arrangementa. It is probable that theirvisit of inspection to Newcastle will lead to the establishment of another butchering business here. ScAcITv OF WATEIR;?t- O are informed upon reliable authority that tlhero is every prospect of a water famine at Carrington, the only water availablb on tihe island being brackisl and undrinkable, whilo.at present a supply has to be obtained from a well at Islington, cartage being charged for at thei rateof 5s per cart. The question came up at the special meeting of the local Council last night, and it was decided to interview the local Engineer of Harbours and Rivers to get his permission to erect a standpipe inthe main-pipe to the hydrauliC works. We deem it only right to mention that Miss M. MsaeGowan, who created such a favourable impression at tlhe Superior Public School concert on Thurlsday night by her artistic rendering of "Alas! those chimes," one of the gems from "'Maritana," is a pupil of our local vocalist, Mr. Edward Farley, who brought the lady in question before the Newcastle public upon her first appearance at the Victoria Thoatre on Good Friday night. Miss MacGowan is certainly one of our premier soprano vocalists, possesses a voice of unusual compass and exquisite sweet-. ness, and with careful cultivation should buds into a singer of the first water. WASTE or TIIE.--It is really astonishing, how devoted are some of 'the Carringtonl aldermen to the interests of the munici-. pality! Or is it that they obtain no other, opportunity for tlhe ventilation of their. Demosthlenean eloquence? Subjects of,' no importance, either in detail or scheme, are discussoed at such a length as to become wearisome, not only to tlhe ratepayors, but apparently to the councillors themaelves, if' one may judge by their yawns andtfatigued attitudes. They are not content, tco, to meet. once a fortnight, as other counils do, but., must assemnble every week to consider busi-. ness which could very well stand over untill theii ordinary meeting. Facsl:~s ion velrba. is a maxim which seems to be coo often for-. gotton. STOCsTOw.-Th?h Stocktow Pihilharmonio Society is at present in a very flourishlig condition, the membcrshi3 consisting of about 40 sopranos, 45 alhs, 25 tenors,.anti 40 basses, in all about 16). The lelader of tho society is rMr. Rees. Williams, xvs, was. one of Caradoe's celebrated choi.b somne years ago which gamncd: ho chief chol prico in London. The Philbarmonics asr. practis ing assiduously throee times a week in the old schoolroom, Stockton, anid tbe business arrangements are crrricd on by sa very enor getic committee, eonsisting of Messrs. Evans, Grifliths, Cobloy, and the indoeatigable score tary, Mr. Grillkh Lloyd. They feel confident of success in competing for thoeprices at the Eistcddfod on 26th Jan~uasy. The adjudi cator is Rev. Dr. Ellis, ~vroll-known to thoe residents of Newcastle. LAnlss, such lovely Millinery at Scott aad Aird.'s. "708 T. Frank Low, Attorney, Solicitor, and Pmroctor, Bolton-street, opposite Mesas. J. and A. Brown's, Newcastle . ... 1068 Dr. Treloar may be consultedl at his residonce, Cottage Bridge, from 9 to 11.380, till 3, 7 till 8, daily. Vacoination daily at 11 o'clook; Fridays excepted. '8Tsses and tramae passe every fvo minutes, 1040 GRAsTLY A?nrnTIsx NG.-A theatre pro riector in Melbourne this week was flned £20 'for filling his passages, and so endangering the olives of some hundreds of people. £20 would not go far in advertising at Arqusslnd Aje rates, and this "fin " is a splcendid in vestment. It is a pity the use of the blsti nado and tihe knout is not in vogue in tlhese colonies. PAiTnvr WANTED.-The condition of the footpaths in Scott-street cast is disgraceful, being almost impassablo by consequence of 'the quantity of loose, deep sand upon them. Tho street is pretty well crowded with in habitants, who generally follow the advice 'contained in the old niger song, " Keop in 'the middle ob the road," in preferonce to travelling along the by-ways. A TnuNDnESTcOlr broke over the city last night about 9.30 o'clock, whlich lasted with •considcerablo force for about half-an-hour. The storm came up very suddenly, the 'change from bright moonlight to almnost im penetrable darkness being like a most rapid transformation scene in a pantomime. The rain descended heavily for a long time, and fork lightning and thunder succeeded each other with great rapidity. Trar FANCY FATR opened on Thursday at the Argyle Store, Wolfe-street, in aid of the funds of St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church at Stock.on, was continued yesterday evening, when the bazaar was visited by a fairly large number of persons, who patronised the stalls to a great extent. The fanmev costumes of the lady stall-holders attractcd great attention from the visitors of the fair sex; and among others may be mentioned the pretty costume worn by Mrs. A. O. Arrkins, who represented a "Village Belle." The fair will .be open this afternoon and evening. A PAIrFL CAss.-Some excitement was caused oni the summit of the hill yesterday afternioon by the antics of a young man who was 'ipparently threatening to cast himself overthe cliffs. It appeared, from inquiry, ·that theio man was employed as a porter at the railway station, and had always been steady and hIighly respectable, but recently he has seemed very strange in hIis manner, complaining that he was responsible for some supposed neglect in another department of the service. lo was followed on to the cliff yesterday by several persons, and finally takeii home safely. TeeH.CAaRRINGTON CounscI met last night for a special meeting. Two letters were read with .rferefice.. :to. the making .of streets thrbugh the land known as Adam's Grant, anid i'a committee of the Council was formed to gather information with respect' to the amonist:of compensatiqp that Would be required by the land-owners. 'The object of the-meeting was to reconsider the offer of the Harbours and Rivers Department of £300 for'repairing and widening tlihe maini road;and it was decided to accept the money. The Council then resolved into committee fdr tIhe the adoptions of street levels. VIToRonA' Tnnn?RAE.v-The Star Minstrels again attracted a fairly large 'audience last night in the local theatre to listen to and witness' their many eccentric and' amusing novelties. Tihe company is a very good.one of its kicid, and casts a ripple of applause about the theatre, by its funnyisms. A new programmoe was performed to the entire satisfaction of the' audience, Miss Kember, the.Bovis Brothers, and Messrs. Hastings, P. Ryan,; and C. 'Iall coming in for a great share of the plaudits. Mr. Beaumont Read was also well received, arid the performance concluded with a very funny farce. " To night, a change of programme will be made. for the last performance of the season. Buewoo] AND GLEuB, W ESLEvAN CcUncOH AoNI-rvaSnAoR.-From advertisement it will be seen that anniversary services in connec tion with the above chlurchl will be held to morrow, Rev. J. E. Davies officiating morn ing and afternoon, and Rev. Seth Jones in tIhe evening. The afternoon service will be a flowei one. The annual tea will be liheld on Tuesdhy next, in the church, and after tea a public meeting will be held, to be presided over by .Mr. W. Arnott. The choir will render some choice selections, and an ifiter esting part of the proceedings' will be a presentation to the organist;. Addresses will also be given by clergymen' and friends. Tena RrrECIPT CAsu.-M]r. James Dart, solicitoir, has received instructions from the Commnissioner of Stamps to proceed with an' appeal' in the Supremo- Court to comnel the local: Bench to cite a case upon which they based their decision in the recent unstamped receipt case. The case, it will be recollected, first came on for hearing on the 11th inst., before Messrs. M?air, P.M., and J. Shaw, J.P., when the Bench disagreed, and no order was made, and a second summons was issued' and the ease heard on Tuesday last, wlhen thIe Bench, consisting of Messrs. Lud low and Bennett, J's.P., dismissed the sum mons. TnOSIE Lovely Mantles for the Summer at' Scott and Aird's. 1710 Wc., guarantee every pair i of- our Kid GloveE from 2a 9d to 5s 6d per pair. Scott andAird. .: . , .: . 1706 TOcINICcINE, tho n0e 'non intoxiceating beverage, is prepared from ~the finest 'selected herbs, which m~akcs it an excellent tonic. ' .Try it] 1 :-. ...?i???'767? isessrs.iJ. Creer anid Son will hold their usual sale of clothing, fnrmture, &c;,'this morning, at: their rooms, Wolfe-street. - - Mfessrs. J. C. leonarius and Son ansoisce anu. nuction sale of houssehold furniture and: effects at their rooms, this morning. Atll a.m., to.day, lr. W. Grahame will siubmit to public competition a quantity ofl furniture,; grocries, clothing, and other useful articles, at his'. rooms; Mr. Henry Salmon will sell, at Wallsond, to-day, a quantity of drapery, clothing, furnitnro, and sundries; and on Zionday, at his rooms, fivOe blocks of land atDleepwater, Lrake Macquarie. Messrs. J. Creer and Son will sell by auction to-day, two freehold properties at Hamilton and' Islington. The saloe will take lace on the ground, at 3 o'clock, and the terms are easy. The houses are comfortahlo cottages, and well worthy the attention of those on the lookout for suitable homes. On Thursday last Messrs. J. Creer and Son held a very successful sale at Mayfield. Six lots belong ing to the Newcastle and County Building Society were sold for from £2.12s to £3.1s per foot. Two lots adjoining Crebert's Gardens sold for £165; twelve lots sold for £660. The total realised was over £1800, which is a good day's work. The re mainder of the Newcastle and County Building Society's land is, we hear, for private sale. 