THE CLERMONT CLUB. IO TUE EDITOR OF THE MORNING BULLETIN. Sir,-AB a member of the Clermont Licensed Victuallers' Association, will you kindly allow me apace to reply to a letter which appeared in yours of August 29th last, above the signa- ture : " A. W. Cameron. By order of the committee of the Clermont Club !" Tn the first place I think that the matter being entirely local, should never have ap- peared in your paper at all. What is Rock- hampton to us, that the columnB of its papers should lie used to discuss matters connected with " the Clermont Club," an establishment about which editors and readers of those papers can know nothing, and care less. If certain individuals were so troubled by the itch for scribbling, that they must ruBh into print and air their opinions about a subject, which, to all intents and pur- poses, ia a purely Drummond-street one, and at the best a not very important, then they should have written to the Drummond street paper. If dirty linen is to be washed, wash it at home, and do not call all Cen- tral Queensland to be the spectators of a controversy between an unknown scribbler, and such an intelligent and highly respectable body SB "the Clermont Club." Considering how important that body is, composed of "all the men of standing, too, I should have thought it would have had better Bense than to lower itself to that. lu speaking of Mr. Cameron's letter in future, I intend to call it the "Club's letter," because it purports to be written " hy order of the Committee of the Clermont Club." It is written in answer to a letter signed "No Shanty," which appeared in the bulletin of August 24. With this letter we have nothing to do. We do not know who "No Shanty" is, but we are cci tain that he is not a member of our Association. This the Club can easily prove by writing to the Bulletin. And we also emphatically deny " No Shanty " wrote at tho instigation of any member of our Asso- ciation. The Club's letter says "No Shanty's " letter should not have been inserted without some inquiry as to the truth of the statements, fte. Surely the editor of the Bulletin hoe not something to learn from " the Clermont Club." He knows who " No Shanty " is, and no doubt took his word in the same good faith that he took the word of the Club, and by publishing the letters showed that he thought both equally entitle) to credence The Club's letter says, 41 Until the beginning of the preBent year no Club existed in Cler- mont ;" and I say now that no Club existB in Clermont, and so will say anyone who knows the Clermont Club and can read the Licensing Act, upon which the Club is evidently such an authority, or at least the writer of the Club's letter ia. TbiB gentleman, as is well known in Clermont is quite a " new chum " here, wbohas attempted to beoomean authority in this place on every subject from the Land Tax down to slow poisoning, of which latter, I believe, he knows a little. This writer goes ou to B.iy that through there being no Club in Clermont it was impossible to get a gloss of even decent liquor in the town. This, sir, is what we principally wished to write you about, for it is a statement of the moBt slanderous description. In our houses now, now only decent, but good liquor is sold, and was sold long before the Club or ita founders were heard of in Clermont. Clermont has been a town for considerably more than twenty years now, and licensed victuallers have sold liquor in it. Why then, was not a club started before ? In the times gone by, when there were gentlemen, und men of stand- ing in thc district, the liquor sold by the licensed victuallers was good enough for them, and they required no club. No, sir, as j an Association we wish to give the lie direct to that statement in the Ulub's letter. Why was the Club started at all? Was it not originally intended to have made it a sort of private billiard-room, where billiards and cards would be played without molestation all the night through T Was not the resolu- tion to change t he constitution of it, and allow liquor to be sold by the Club, only carried some time after it was in existence, and by one vote only ? The Club's letter then goes on and insinuates that it was the licensed victuallers who were responsiblefor the entry of Benson and Schultz. This, too, we wish to most emphatically deny, and to point to the published evidence of the inquiry into that affair to prove our contention. Tbe members of the Club have imagined they are doing the licensed vic- tuallers of Clermont a lot of barm. Judging from what they would do in a similar case they also imagined the licensed victuallers were going to do this, that, and the other thing to them. They impute to others the base motives that would actuate themselves. They raised np a bogie, and like children, are letting it frighten them. Che result of the late Turf Club meeting here ought to have shown them that the bogie, at whose sight they are whimpering, is entirely of their own creation. Why do they so constantly refer to the enmity one licensed victualler here is supposed to show them ? and if he be their enemy why include the rest of licensed victuallers os their enemies ? Let him and them fight it ont between themselves ; he at least is only too well able to take his own part even as a man of standing, but do not make enemies of the rest of us. It is only the old fable over again : "The frog jealous of the size of the bull." The reference to boycotting is but one phase "the Clermont Club, ghost, Bkeleton.or bogie, takes in the affrighted minds of some of the members. As a matter of fact, the large majority of the Club members are but slightly interested in this dispute. They look on the Committee fight- ing an enemy which exists only in their own imagination, and feel over and over how applicable is the quotation : " What fools these mortals be." We quite agree with the Club's letter that " the administration of the last Licensing Act is, so far as Clermont is concerned, a complete farce;" and the bett proof of the truth of this statement, is tho existence of "the Clermont Club " (so-called). In conclusion, sir, I ask von to allow ns to place it on record, not only that we have re- frained from attacking " tho Clermont Club'* but we have endured a number of attacks and slanders before we even thought tnem worthy of a reply," Youri &c.;, A MEMBER OF THIS CLERMONT L.V.A. 