MIDtaceUnneoiuv Feats of Jockoys.—Frank Ilutlor re roavkco, nflur one of Lis races fur tlie I'ovliv, tlu.lt ho could luxvo won on either of the liist throo horses, I ilo not know who ihc oilier two jockeys that opposed him were, but J can quite uiiiletstand the thing being fea sible. . 7-Two mon had ridden their own horses iv a race. After it was over. Hit: winner, who only gained the verdict by a head, said to his opponent,— 7">,'ow, if you like, I will change horses and run for the. same amount again, weights aud distances as before. 1 ' 7 This the other jumped at, and, after due time*, it was. run off, when, to his utter as tonishment, tho loser of the lii-st iaco was 1 nghili beaten, and the losing horse success- I ful. - J:-j.ainny instances are to be read of where 1 jockoys, after winning a race or match, have persuaded somo friend or master to buy the .'horn: that wan opposed to them and make, a rantoh with the. winner, in which case the result litis been reversed. The " Druid " records one or two insinncis in which the Chifnoys accomplished feats of this sort. Of course, sometimes it may happen, from their not considering the beaten horse quite up lo tho mark at tbo time ho ran ; but it is recorded also that, in well known cases, they have seen that he-has not been so handled as to make tho most of him. A Curious Custom.—lt ti well known that in the oldcu times niony holiday diver sions, and cveu occasional "fairs, were held within tho precincts of KnglUli parish churches. For instance, in the registers at Winchester there Is to be Been a copy of a mandate from William of Wykcbntu 'which forbids tho celebration of games in the church and the churchyard of lviugston-on Thames. It would nppcar, however, that even this strong measure did not prevent the practice of an ancient custom, of which little or no thing is known, except that it is thought to havo been peculiar to Kingston, but which was carried ou in tho chinch itself during divino service down to the beginning of thin century. Tho congregation used to crack nuts during tho service on the Sunday before the eve of St. .Michael's Day. Hence that Suuday was called "' Crack- nut Sunday." The custom was not restrained, nor confined to tho youuger branches of tho congregation, but practised alike by young and olif"; and il is on record that the noise caused by the .erackiug was often so loud and so powerful as to oblige tbo minister to break up for a time bis reading ifl- bis sermon until silence was restored. The above custom was thought by one or two antiquarians to have been connected in some way or other with the choosing of bailiffs or other members of the certiorate body on Michaelmas day, and was the usual feast which attended that proceed ing. *' When tho Brains aro Out " --Two re markable and wonderful -.'ases of recovery from bullet wounds havo lately taken place in London. In one case, that of a girl who was shot by her lover, the bullet is deeply imbedded in the bead, too deep to admit of nny operation ; yet the patient has been dis charged from the hospital, .convalescent. Tho other case was one of attempted suicide, the suifcicr having shot himself in the head with a revolver. In this case, too, the bullet is still iv the brain, and in suoh a position'ns to prevent the operation of extnicttao. In spite of this, the patient, has boon discharged from hospital care, and it is said that ho suf fers no inconvenience from the consequence of his rash act. A curious coincidence in connection with these cruses is that both shots were fired on the same day, the nineteenth of June, and that both cases were treated in the London Hospital. "The times have been," says Shakespeare, " that when the brains wero out, the man would die." The poet puts these words into the mouth of Macbeth, when that wicked king sees the ghost of the murdered Ihinquo rise before him. In the case just, cited we have a reality which no poet could equal in lomanci*. People walking about iv the llesh with bullets in their brains are certainly far more wonderful things than sped ie*. These marvellous .recoveries from what, a few years ago, would have meant certain death, must be credited to surgical skill and the modern antiseptic method of treating wounds. Tragic Uso of a Telephone—'f we are to believe a story told by the PeUrian corres pondent of the figure, the telephone has re cently been put upon novel duly iv lUu--c!s under circumstances of an extremely tragic character. A young lady of that, city mis took, it appears, the civilities of a young man who visited at her parent's huiu'e for atten tions of n, more serious nature. To her great surprise and mortification, however, she learned some little time ago that he was en gaged to one of her friends. Shortly after she made tho discovery the young man re ceived a summons to place himself in tele phonic rappoit with a friend who had some thing to say to him. The friend turned ont to be the young lady who loved him not wisely but, as the sequel shows, too well. Without wasting timo on preliminaries, sho asked him point-blank if it was true that he was going to many Mademoiselle .' He replied that it was quite tine. '? Then guud-bye for ever," were the next wouls which reached his eats, and they were imme diately followed by tho report of a fire arm. The poor girl had lodged a revolver bullet in her heart. She had thus, with the aid of the telephone, made the man for whom she had sacrificed herself assist at her suicide, while nutting it absolutely out of his power to do uo anything to prevent it. A Dream Saves a Dog._3T!iere was great rejoicing in a certain household in the town of A one morning over the restora tion of a put dog. The dog had been miss ing for three weeks, and even a three-line advertisement iv the local paper? failed to discover his whereabouts. The owner was plunged in grief at the unaccountable disap pearance of Dot, and was nearly prepared to suspect tho neighbors of foul play. It nlso worried the almost lifelong employee of Iho family, and one night his sleep was troubled by dreams in which he constantly saw lho missing dog in an old, unused cell, partly tilled up with dirl and ashes, beneath the side piaz/.a. He was so deeply impressed by the dream that he was unable to sleep after midnight, and al mx o'clock the next morning tie household was startled by the sound of loud hammering ou the side piazza. The man was removing tho flooring, and, sure enough, when the well was exposed to view, there was the missing dog, alive and well, and overjoyed nt the prospect of libera tion. Although confined threo weeks in this narrrow prison, without food or water, and air not of the purest, Dot seemed as lively as ever, with no appearance of ema ciation. A Wonderful City.—The city of London is the most wonderful plntie in the whole world, and it.ii frequenter:; the most wonder ful people. It is the smallest of cities, but the most valuable. It has an area of one square mile, but that one square mile pro duces a rental oi\four millions perannmn,aiul its inhabitant* pay of the I,'oneral rates of the whole Metropolis, which has an area of om- hundred and twenty square miles. Land is now sometimes sold in the country at about t.;n pound:) per acre, which is equal to a halfpenny pur square yard. It has been sold in the city at six hundred nnd foity pound* per square yard; In other words, the price. :if a square yard of land in Lombard street has realiml' a sum that would purchase a nice little freehold es- Into in JJoi-lfshire of sixty-four acres. It is calculated that ten thousand p?oplo enter V.w city daily, Siisulavs oxfcptod, in hope of making money without " toilinit or ppin ninj." ,535 