THE YANYARIE "GHOST." Our Cradock correspondent writes on May 16:—Having read M.C. Shegog's account of the Yanyarie ghost, and that being so totally at variance with the account given me by JB.U. Aiitcneu,! determined to go to xsnyane ana bear or see few myself. Accordingly on Saturday evening—accompanied by Me Mitchell, batcher, of this township—l drove down to the place. The family are now living about three miles north of their old hot On arrival at the hut we raw Mia. Hamdorf and family and the little girl, her father and ancle, and a Mr. Bahr. They promised to give us every assistance in their power in order to elucidate the mystery. The house it boat of stone, the walk being about 18 inches thick, and there is a slab floor. The spirit has ap parently followed the family to this spot; it was first beard here four nights after their arrival. The little girl who U seemingly the " medium" seems a very intelligent, bright, little thing, and is foil of life when not affected by the spirit, Thfe effect on the child when the epint is anywhere near is readily notice able. When awake it is shown by a rolling of the eyes, a twitching of the mouth, wrinkles on the forehead, and by very deep drawn sight; when asleep by a continual rolling of the head from side to aide, and by sustained movements of the hand and arms. At these time* she is nearly pulseless. Daring her sleep, and while her head was rolling from aide to side Mr. Mitchell touched her very lightly on the forehead with one finger, and the little thing seemed electrified, fairly rising off the bed and disturbing the bedclothes. He stated that he received a severe shock at the same time. I repeated the same thing shortly after with exactly the same remit. The child does not seem to be in the slightest degree frightened or timid, bat will sit or stand wherever desired. Immediately the spirit goes away the child returns to her natural state— her poise beats regularly, and she falls into a quiet, regular sleep. She caa then be touched without there being the *iigl*ti*? movement. After having had tea, and while t?*Virtt in the hut with both lamp and fire burning brightly—it being then about five minutes to 7 o'clock—the knocking was heard. Mr. Mitchell and myself at once got the little girl between us on a box, to make sore that she bad nothing to do with the manifestations. I had hold of her feet, and Mr. MitoheU of her body and arms. The knocking being very alight, we enquired if the unseen being wanted the lamp put oat. It immediately knocked three times, the frrking coming ftom the middle of the floor under the slabs. Before putting out the light we placed the girl on top of the table, and on asking if it wanted the little girl, it gave three knocks, equivalent to yes. Being asked if it was the child's mother, it replied in the same manner. On being requested to knock louder it at once did so. Oaring the intervals between the answers and the ques tions a continual tapping was kept up. The noue having ceased and the little girl appear ing tired it was suggested that she should be I-ui to bed; the bed was made up on the floor, and the little one.tamed in. In about 30 niixmtes, and when she was fast asleep, the light at this time burning, the girl began to get uneasy, and commenced h?j"t her head slowly from side to side. The light was put out, although the fice was burning, and the tapping commenced again. Mr. Mitchell then proceeded to pat questions, asking in the first place that replies should be given with three knocks for yes and two for no, which was promised. He first asked it if it was the spirit of the child's mother?— Yes. Is your name Schultz?—No. Is it Coombs (the child's mother's maiden name)!— No. Is it Mrs. Schultz ?—Yes. Mr. Mitchell having known Mrs. Schultz then asked her—Do yon remem ber Mitchell, of Georgetown?— No. Do you remember Mitchell, the bootmaker, in George town?— Yes. Axe yon very fond of the little girl?— Yes. Would yon do her any harm ?— No, Do you wish her to stop here?— No. Do yon wish her to go to her friends?— Yes, Are you troubunglier because the is not christened ?—Yes. If she was christened would jou leave her alone?— No. In reply to several questions she said that she wanted the child christened in the Church of England. In reply to other questions she said rbe bad been dead five yean, that the child was 9 yean old, and that she would live to the age of 27. All the time this was going on the little girl was very uneasy, her head moving from side to side. She was lying on her back. It was daring this period that the severe shocks were ex perienced on touching the child's forehead with the finger. The child distinctly states that the has seen the figure of her mother mm up in white calico since she has been where they are now living. The tame night that the apparition appeared to her, Mrs. Hamdorf, the little girt and two small children were all that were in the place. The knocking does not occur every night; sometimes two or three nights are Biiued, and sometimes they say it knocks very loud, making the building tremble. It did not knock particularly loud the night we were there, but quite loud enough to be heard all over the house. Once or twice the knocking proceeded from a box, but (he most of it came from the middle of the floor, opposite to the fire, which was burning all the time. The girl's father only came home on Friday, and heard the knocking for the first time on Friday evening. He has been to Tectulpa, and seems to be in a great state of excitement about the affair. He intends to remove the child to his brothers place at Black Rock on Monday, and she will stop there. He and the others are highly enraged against Mounted-Constable Shegog reporting the affair in the way that he did, and cannot assign any reason for his doing so. During oar stay all the younger members of the family were in bed and aakep. and all in the same room as we were, so that it could not, as your correspondent Mr. Chas. Rose says, be "due to the secret perfoimanees of Mr. Hamdorfs children." The night was very calm, there being hardly a breath of wind and the children all being asleep and watched. It could not have been any of their performances. There were no " wonderful exploits" performed by the spirit that night, but quite enough to convince any sceptic that the noises were not anything natural. The rapping continued till nearly 9 o'clock, and after waiting for a repetition until a'ter 12. we adjourned to a neighbor's house for the night It appeared no more that night. Last night Mr. Mitchell, batcher, went down again, accompanied by his wife and daughter, to have another bearing, and met there Mr. T. Seed and Mr. G. Gadd, and eight or ten others. Everything was exactly the same as on the previous nignt, and Mr. Schultz has promised to stay there this evening to allow some other disbelievers to go down and satisfy themselves as to the genuineness of the mani festations. I shall most likely be one of the patty. M/. Hamdorf leaves forQaorn next week. 