THE SHEET HILL GHOST. By Thomas Ifarrisoii. Thirty-three years since the great octopus London had not stretched its Briarian-like tentacles so far in to the country as at the pre sent day. Woolwich, Eltham, and Sydenham were still outlying and detaoned towns, wniie in some of the villages in Mid- Kent, if not traversed by a main road, agriculturists might be found of whom " the Northern Farmer "is a type, and, as in the mining districts, a stranger might be greeted with a brick-bat if chancing to Btroll through the precincts of j the locality. Hail ways were not then con structed, an ordinary stage coach was then : seen. The school-master was abroad in a sense somewhat different from that intended by the late Lord Henry Brougham. The ordi nary books in a farmer's library consisted of the Bible, prayer book, it may be " Burns' Justice " and probably the " Church- warden's Guide." The arena for discussion was re stricted to the bar-room of the local ale-house, and the only real intellectual instruction im parted to the multitude was the sermon of the 'curate or vicar on each recurring Sunday morning. The mind, therefore, evidently re mained in that uncultivated state which, ac- oordingtoMacaulay,iseminentlysuitedforthe development of the imagination. The boy who whistled at the plough found himself untram melled by science, and might have budded as a Burns or a Hamer, had he only been in pos session of the brains. Fairies were believed to have veritably danced out the green rings met with in pastures, there were dryads— only that was not the name given to them— in the woods, nadies in the brooks, and sylphes who floated in the moonlight. There were old ladies who charmed away warts, and who ex- extracted thorns by uttering cabalistic syl lables. Once a year, in the hopping season, the gypsies told futures, and were implicitly believed by tjie rnstio listeners. My own age is but little over the half of a century, yet I remember a hunt after a Witch, with properly trained hounds, and a stalwart young farmer bearing a double-barrelled fowling piece as the leader. The reputed dabbler in the black art was spoken of as having been Bhot at, and hit too, not in her human form, as may be sup- 1 posed, but, while figuring as a black oat and prowling about in the gloaming. She was not killed, but, to the surprise of everybody emerged from her dcor on hearing the report of the gun, and soundly rated the sportsman in search of demonical game for maiming her favorite mou3er. The latter fact came to be ' quoted as proof positive of her guilt. " She 91 fi - uau DiiAifcujr iuq jlluudU) li WaB V said," and had reassumed her ordinary figure; while the marksman, whoBe aim had failed to S? prove fatal, attributed his mishap to the un- answerable faot that he had loaded with .lead only, and not with silver, so to guard against similar mischances he daily out up a five shil ling piece into small slags, vowing vengeance against the weird sisterhood who had sent a nurrain on his cattle and brought a blight upon his " turmuts." I never rightly learned why the old lady in question bad come to be Buspected, save that she scrupulously paid her debts — "why should she not do . so, she had the devil's money to do it with" — thus her butter always came quickly, and that her hens always laid, that her garden was nicely kept, and her house appeared as a paragon of neatness, that she wore a red cloak — whioh some ultra dis- sentas associated with the scarlet woman of the apocalyptic, tbat she preferred an outre kind of bonnet, similar to those donned by the Hallelujah Lasses of the Salvation Army, and .known, I believejnow, in fashionable circles, as a" poke" — the person named was evidently before the age and living at present might have been deemed to dress a la mode, and that she had a perceptible limp — attributed to the shots Btriking her, in the little episode alluded to, but really caused by palsy in one of her legs. There were haunted houses too in the neighborhood galore. Anne Boleyn worked needles in her father's castle not many miles away. There were rooms in a goodly number of old mansions, which no one dared to open, and , in which , ah. egress having been effected , no mortal being could repoao. A man who ' went to bed perfectly sober, had awoke in the morning closely wrapped up in sheets and coverlet, and horses wero found with the hair of their manes and tails intricately plaited together, to the sore disgust of grooms and stablemen. The chief wonder and dread of the parti cular village to which I am alluding, however, was an almost abandoned highway ; for con venience it may be termed Campin-lane. It underwent many changes of appearance during its lonely course of about two miles, but no houses, not even a hut flanked either side. When emerging from the main thorough- — fare its aspect seemed even pretty, bordered, as it was, with sweetbriar, brambler, hop-gar dens, cornfields, andcopseB of light ; jiderwood, through gaps in whioh, glimpses of the sun illuminated Northern downs'could be seen. In one spot Campin-lane afforded a view that might be described as actually delightful. The roadway ran along the top of the Blope of a deep valley, the opposite side being with maple, beech, and sycamroe. When the Autumn frosts had discolored the leaves the foliage presented all the varied hues of the rainbow, and was a Bight upon which even a v wanderer in an American forest might have " viewed with admiration. The spot however, had a bad name. After night-fall there was \- - . an echo there. "The spirit of the wood are abroad there," said the rustics, and they shunned the place accordingly. A little fur ther on, and there was a cross way, whereat, in bygone times, a suicide had been buried. A stake had been run through the body, and failing to grow, proof, positive had been afforded of the dead man's doom in the other world, an opinion confirmed by the ciroum- stance that the defunct had been seen re- v peatedly in spirit, with water pot in hand irrigating the earth. From this place the same lane came to be held, still more in disrepute. It took a sharp turn and then descended in a steep decline with high rocks on one side, and on the other overhanging aeh and elm. In the broad day it was sombre, in the night readers of Banyan likened it to the valley of the shadow of death. If ghosts and spirits roamed freely in the neighbourhood, Sheet Hill, as it was termed, seemed in every way suited for a place whereat- they might hold solemn conclave, and so people generally believed they did. A spectre taking the form of a fat calf, or a skeleton stud, ridden by a stout yeoman, the conditions of the main incidents in Uhlands' ballad were reversed. A coach and four, a man without bead, and a man furnished with horns, the latter was "the most dreaded — had all aacosted belated travellers in this gloomy dell. A1 the population avoided Sheet Hill as may be supposed. Old Jsd, too, an old soldier who having been in the foriorn hope at Badajoz, was reported to be afraid of neither man nor devil, and who always braved any dangerous expedition supposing only that the road terminated in a snug room with a glass of grog on the table. Old Evans as he was named, said the reason of his nnrplcsanpHH about ghosts was that if he ever ' stood face to face with old Nick he would not be likely to see anything worse than himself, the spinsters of the place said they thoroughly believed the speaker. A discredit as to Hob goblins was as great a sohiBm among those residing at Little Brightbam, as would have been a weakness to the Athanasian creed or a denial of the truth of the Pentatuch ; Zion his Pfttf»"'c majesty being held in such terror as to render it blasphemy to take his name, in vain. . , .. , . The other wayfarer suoh a thoroughfare TON W9Yefl to tt#Y«w altogether different notions to those tempting the fore going. He was simply in love. He ' had wooed and won a lady reputed to have a | fortune of ten thousand pounds. He lived at one end of the lane and she at the other, and there happened to be no other way of visiting the loved one save by resorting to the road in question. Even so tempted the journey was seldom ventured upon alone. Old Evans waB always ready to accompany his master on condition that he obtained the grog. The longer he happened to be detained the better since he was always allotted a double amount on such occasions. It happened one night however that the I expeoted companion failed to appear. Robert ' Harper, the lover had purchased a sleek steed ' for his intended and had sent Evans to bring ! the accompanying accoutrements from an adjacent town. Ten o'clock, eleven, and at last twelve and there was no arrival. All the horrors of the lane even the darkness of Sheet Hill must be braved alone, for he dared not whisper aught of his trepedation to a lady's ear. Heavy at heart, and trembling in body, therefore, he set out for home unac companied. He hummed a tune defiantly as he passed the sweet-briars, brambles and hawthorns. He felt somewhat relieved on arriving at the cleared spaces, gaining some thing of confidence as the deep valley opened before him. It happened to be bright moon light and the prospect softened down by the dim illumination would have had a charm for a poet, had Bobert been of that ilk. Then suddenly he - heard a loud whistle right before him. He started a little at the sound of this, but not so much as when juBt afterwards he heard a whistle just behind him. One fear drove away another. These signals must have came from highwaymen, and Bobert had a valuable bracelet and wed ding ring in his pooket. He was swift of foot, and might easily escape this new danger he thought, and speedily took to his heels. He ran so fast, and was bo overcome with this last terror that he passed the cross roads without ever once thinking of the roaming spirit of the suicide who, according to re pute, visited the place to irrigate the burned stake." But there was Sheet Hill yet before him. At the top of the ascent he paused. Essayed to enter the darkneBS repeatedly, but each time drew back. It was too late at night to expect to meet a neighbour, since there was no neighbour, perhaps, in all the country around, who was not quite as much afraid of the spectres of Sheet Hill as was Harper him self. . The passage, however, must be attempted. Should he run or should he walk. Should he keep his eyes open or Bhut them closely ? He resolved to run, and to temporarily blind him self. Ghosts are shadowy, and the only tiling dreadful about them is their appearance. So boys at school cover their heads with the bed clothes and "think;, themselves cafe. GhoBts never pinch the toes. one had ever re ported to have felt, or been attaohed by super natural puigrinators, and, therefore, with the sense of sight inaotion, nothing surely need-be dreaded, Bobert, fortified in this way ran on with all his might. Suddenly his flight was brought to an end. He had come into collision with something solid, and instinctively opened his eyes. There happened to be a gap in the trees just thereabouts, and the first thing confronting the fugitive was the apparition of the man with horns, standing strongly illuminated by the rays of the full moon, while all around seemed darkness visible. The figure seemed a terrible one. Not only was it horned, but headless, the horns rising out of the shoulders, while, with horns included, the apparition stood six feet in height. No wonder the stricken men quaked, with fear. No wonder his tongus grew parched, and that he could not speak, and that his. limbs became paralysed, rendering him im-"' potent to fly. All he did was to gaze, and with open mouth to tremble. Probably he would have stayed in this position until morn ing, or nntil, like the guests in the Arabran tale, he turned to stone. He was petrified already, and would have remained so only . that a loud laugh fell upon his ears. I wish you'd look to see where you are com ing to said the voice of old Evans. I've lost my grog to-night waiting at the harness- maker's for the things you sent me for, and now you've broken my pipe. It was the usual guide then after all, who, in order to carry it more conveniently, had put a new side-saddle on his head, hence the terrible spectre. " Did you whistle just now," asked Bobert. "Yes, I thought I would let you know I was near at hand. I felt sure you would be afraid of the hill." And the echo sent back the sound as I never heard it before. Bobert Harper was married in a week, and had never subsequently run the risk of con fronting spiritual dangers on Sheer Hill after night fall. 