Brevities. Wars, and rumours of wars. Joy in the house of Bennett. I.O.O.F. meet Tuesday night. Sorrow, in the house of Costin. Station-street, St. Marys improving. l.O.O.F.,M.U., meet Wednesday night. Happy were the brides the sun shone on. A wedding at the Cross Roads on Tuesday next. They know how to arrange a concert at Rooty Hill. The stone bridge in Mamre Lame is now quite impassable. The London Times continues its attacks. upon the Parnellites. Old sol doing up the roads splendidly this week. Long may he shine. Mr. Burdekln's barn makes the largest Assembly Room in this district. The loyalty meeting held in Sydney was the largest ever held in the colony. Several horses strayed or stolen frown St. Marys. Is it the reward they want! Plenty of metal in the district, but no quarrymen. AIas poor muddy roads. Sir James Lorimer has arranged for the establishment of a cartridge factory in Victoria. A public meeting in Hotham, (Vic.) has declared in favor of the extension of franchise to women. Sir Henry is not opposed to Sunday con- certs, he rather likes them. So he would have the world believe. A new Jubilee coinage of sovereigns and half sovereigns was commenced at the Sydney Mint on Monday. The Luddenham people talk of inviting the Ministry to a banquet, they will be taken out in bullock drays. More weddings to come off very shortly in all the regions round about. Oh happy day that fixed their choice. The Cabinet has supported Sir Henry in his action re Sunday entertainments. It was either support or resign. The disappearance of Mr. Tomkins of the Bank, of N.S.W., Penrith is causing much uneasiness. No cause can be assigned. Mr. Thomas Breen, proprietor of the Imperial Hotel, Gunnadah, dropped dead on Wednesday evening while at his tea. Constable Davis fancied he saw a ghost near the lock-up one night during the week. Two in fact. I forget their front names. "The Boy Politician" sued another boy politician for £2000 damagos for libel. Injury estimated at £10 ; verdict accord- ingly. It was during the reign of the Roman Emperor Constantine the Great (306-387 A. D.) that Sunday was first proclaimed a day of rest. The Melbourne Age think the old convict blood is showing itself in Sydney. Nothing happens like that in Melbourne they say. Oh thanks. In commemoration of the Jubilee Her Majesty will grant an amnesty to all naval and military prisoners under sentence for desertion or minor offences. Mr. Burns admitted in the Assembly that youths of 18 and 19 were employed on the railway in working the block system, though only on the Illawarra line. To mark the centennial of the colony, it is suggested that the character of the stamps now in use should be replaced by stamps more artistic and convenient. The inquest on the victim of the Castle- reagh-street tragedy resulted in a verdict of wilful murder against Henry Borsboom, the husband of the deceased woman. Mr. Haynes on Tuesday night obtained leave in the Assembly to bring in a bill for the repeal of that clause of the Electoral Act compelling candidates to deposit £40. The tanners and brickmakers cut up the back streets at St. Marys, but they never think to put a load of bats or bark along the track. On ye miserable sinners! Mr. Garrett introduced the Payment of Members Bill—and it is understood that the House means to make it applicable to the next session—commencing about August. The hearing of the charges against Messrs. Lee, M'Alister and Buckland in connection with the alleged railway frauds was con- cluded on Wedndsday, all three being acquitted. A boy named Gilroy died at Ballarat on Tuesday from the effects of drinking ardent spirits, he and two companion's having stolen several bottles. The other two boys recovered. The Queen's escort to Westminster Abbey on the occasion of the Jubilee Service is to consist of all the English princes and 140 other persons closely connected with the Royal Family. It is reported in Rockhampton that the Rothschilds have offered to purchase the Mount Morgan mine for five millions ster- ling. As a consequence the shares in that city are quoted at £4. The Government totally deny the rumor that any ruse was resorted to to prevent the "unemployed" working at the National Park reaching town in time to vote at the South Sydney election. Mr. S. E. Lees, M.P. for the Nepean, has obtained the following votes:—£25 for the road from Penrith to Dr. Clarke's Bridge ; £780 for the road from Eastern Creek to Perkin's; £80 for culverts on Orphan School-road. The British Government proposes to pro- hibit armed parties landing from foreign men-of-war on British territory, and to re- strict the number of men-of-war entering British fortified harbours. Stringent steps are also to be taken to preserve secrecy in regard to the armament of forts, and the colonies are to be advised to adopt similiar precautions. The Minister for Public Instruction, Mr. Inglis, is carrying into effect an arrange- ment with regard to schools attendance officers which was initiated by his prede- cessor, Dr. Renwick. It is the intention of the present Government to reduce the number of these officers from 52 to 25, and to re-arrange the branch in such a manner as is hoped will conduce to greater efficiency and economy in working. The remaining officers are to be placed directly under the supervision of the various inspectors, and all work of this kind will be transacted through the Ministerial office. 