Coursing Notes. Bt Monarch. My third visit in anticipation of the coursing season was to Mr. A. L. Park's kennels at Campbelltown. There are few peoplo, especially of the older generation, who have not heard of that gruesome ghost story which years and years ago gave Campbelltown an unasked for notoriety. The Campbelltown of to- day is a quiet, old-fashioned, steady-going village, with a vast amount of scepticism about that curious narrative, which has luvin translnfori intn more than nnn ? foreicm tnnsruo. Leaving the. township and facing the uplands, I descried Mr. Park's home, occupying a fine commanding position, about a mile and a-half from the town. I found the pro prietor busy about many things, looking over poultry, prize cattle, maize crops, Johnson grass, Berkshire swine, and all the surroundings of prosperous farming. He led the way to the kennels, which proved to be com modious brick buildings, with cement floors, roomy bunks, and capital ventilation, which is just as necessary for the health of dogs as for human beings. Wo first looked over the stud dogs, Morning ton taking precedence. He is a black ticked dog, by Masterton — Coomassie, both winners of the English Waterloo Cup. Mornington is a full brother to Maid of Oban, runner-up for the Waterloo Cup in Victoria in 1882, and has some very creditable performances to his score. In 18S5 he ran up to Siesta for the New South Wales Waterloo Cup. Ho also ran into second place for the Australian Cup, and won the Eridge Park Cup. He is not very deep-chested, and is somewhat heavy forward ; but he has* plenty of breadth, a long straight back, a good neck and hind quarters. He is not unlike the cut which ' Stonehenge' gives of War Eagle, whose build wont to show that dogs, like horses, can race in all shapes. Kent Charge, the next in the arena, is a very shapely black and white dog, by Market Day Wilful Widow. Market Day is by Pat M'Grath (son of Master M'Grath) — Autumn Hose, the latter by Cashier — Lucy. Kent Charge combines through his ancestors the fashionable strains of Cock Robin, Cauld Kail, Bab at. the Bowster, and King Death blood. He won a 128 -dog stake at home, and divided the Produce Stakes for 96 puppies with Mark Anthony. Rent Charge has been spoken of as the fastest Market Day offspring of 'bis time, and his running in the Victorian Waterloo Cup the year before last, when ho won two courses, showed that he was no laggard. As far as proportion and appear ances go he should be an excellent sire. Atter him came old Hopmarket by Bannby — Brindisi, the sire by Cauld Kail — Bab at the Bowster. By Barniby, he is half brother to Lelex, winner of the Waterloo Cup in Victoria in 1879. Hopmarket had been playing with the puppies, and when called in for inspection he entered the courtyard on tiptoe as lively and ispMted as any of his youthful associates. He showed his metne some time back bv beating Tom Brown, first to the hare, for £200 a side. In May, 1880, ho beat Mr. R. L. Tooth's Telemaque in the final course for the New South .Wales Derby, and his sister Hopbine won the first intercolonial stake which was run at Woodstock. Hopmarket possesses a large and powerful frame and should leave Ms stamp on his des cendants. Following the sires come the. brood bitphes. The first was Patience, by Portland— lassie, the sire by a son of Nicodemus— Tail's Zoe ; Lassie, by Bengal Light — Curious Idea. When Patience was 14 months old she was in die last three left in the Bathurst Cup. She then went to Melbourne and ran up for the Waterloo Purse in 1882, when it was carried off by Wanton Lass. She also ran in the Waterloo Cup, beating Willeroo easily until she fell. In August she won the WooUahra Cup at Rooty Hill, beating the well-known Misterton— Coomassie de scendant, Captivity. Her last performance was in the Ladies' Bracelet at Woodstock, when she broke her toe Terming against Huntress. Her mother produced in diffe rent litters Wyndham, Lolly Pop, Lottery, Patience, and Parade. Patience had a litter of nine puppies by King fisher seven months ago, and of them I shall speak later on. The mother is very well set, especially in the hindquarters, and has a good back and barrel. The second matron was Palm Flower, by Bumpkin— Duchess, the latter a full sister to Peri, winner of the Bathurst Cup. Palm Flower won the Hawkesbury Leger and the Metropoli tan. and ran to a standstill ia a course with lygeia at Rooty Hill, when neither dogs nor hare could go further. Hor two- year-old puppies are destined for the Oaks and Derby. . She looks very fast and clever, as she undoubtedly ia, and ehe can turn in her own Length without losing speed. Succeeding her came Pru dence, by Pedlar— dam by Countryman. She won a course at Woodstock, but broke a toe and did nothing after. Pru dent Jane, the next on the list, is by Bashful Jerry — Pretty Jane, going back on the dam's side to Nutlad. In 1883 she ran up to Leoline for the Oaks at Bowral, and she also ran up to Cairngorm for the Leger after an undecided. Her other performances consisted of winning a 61 dog stake at Windsor, a 32 dog stake at Orange, and dividing a second with Blessing. This year she will visit Mornington or Rent Charge. Some of the younger dogs were then brought forward, the first being Palm Leaf, by Hopmarket — Palm Flower. She is the only second season puppy in the kennel, and is a well-turned, clever youngster. A red puppy, also by Hopmarket — Palm Flower, will be two years old next August, and is to be entered for the Derby. He has well-developed stifles, bat is rather flat sided. Another of the same litter » a very heavy-set dog, but his weight is distributed all over, and if he is kept to work and fined down, I think he will be able to show up at the end of a gruelling course bettor than most youngsters. A red slut, sister to the others, has remarkably fine haunches and stifles. She has very neat lines throughout, but seems to inherit the defect common to the family, of being flat-sided, so that her powers of lasting require test ing. The fourth of the litter is a black slut, who is going for the Oaks. She is powerfully built throughout, with fine hindquarters, very pronounced stifles, and good length of neck. She is very quick on her feet, and alto gether is looked upon as the pick of the basket. I next saw a blue and white slut by Tom King — Prudence, who is expected to- do good things byandby. Finally, a litter of eight youngsters, by Kingfisher— Patience, came bounding into the yard. They are seven months old, and are just beginning to show their form. A white and -fawn slut is a very shapely little thing, and a red end white sister is also built like a traveller. A brindle and white dog has a nice back and good legs, and they all look as if they will make their mark byandby. Mr. Park possesses two other first-class dogs, but unfortunately they were not at homo when I called. In conclusion I must say a word in com mendation of tho manner in which the sires and brood bitches, as well as the racing dogs, are looked after. They receive every attention and care, and the result is bound to tell its own tale. The following are tho performances of the two dogs which divided the English Waterloo Cup : — Herschel, a red puppy by Macpherson— Stargazing II., up to the present claims an unbeaten certificate. His first outing was at Hay dock Park Meeting in October last, when he divided the Haydock Park Champion Produce Stakes of 137 dogs with Miller's Rab. His next essay was over the Atcar ground, when he won the Sef ton Stakes, beating Limbo in the deciding course. Greater Scot is a second season black doe by Macpherson — Madge, and when a puppy, like Herschel, he divided the Haydock Park Champion Produce Stakes. His second appearance was over the same ground, and on that occasion he divided the Christinas Produce Stakes. He was next seen at Altcar, where, in tho Waterloo Cup, he was put out in the fourth round by the ultimate winner, Miss Glendyne. As a puppy he wound up the season at Gosforth Park, where, in the Gold Cup, he was beaten by Hermes in the first round. This season, prior to running in the Waterloo Cup, he was seen out at Haydock Park- in November, when, in the Grand Prize, he suffered defeat by Gay City, after winning four courses ; but in January ho reversed that form by beating Gay City in the Kempton Park Champion Stakes, although subsequently ho was beaten in the deciding course, by Huic Holloa. The opening meeting of the Adelaide Coursing Club began on Tuesday at Hindinarsh Island. The game was scarce, and only 21 trials were decided. Some of the courses were very good. Waite's Moss Queen won both courses in tho Puppy Stakes in fine style. Verril's Violet went well with Simpson's Leonora in the Price Challenge Cup. Coursing men must not forget that the entries for the Goulburn Meeting close on Friday, the 8th. instant. 