THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD OPENING DAY. The second session of the Seventh Synod of the Diocese of Sydney was opened yesterday. Divine service was held in St. Andrew's Cathedral at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, when the Primate preached an impressive Sermon. The Synod assembled in the Chapter House, Bathurst Street, at 4 p.m., the President the Most Rev. Dr. Barry, the Primate of Australia, being in the chair. Prayers having been said, the following clergymen who appeared in their gowns, answered to their names : Revs. G. H. Allnutt, M. Archdall, M.A.; C. Baber, P. R. ) S. Bailey, J. Barnior ; Z. Barry, LL.D.; A. R. Bartlett, M.A. ; A. R. Blacket, B.A. ; F.'B. Boyce, H. H. Britten, G. Brown ; S. H. Childe, B.A.; J. Clarke, E. A. Colvin, J. C. Corlette, D.D. ; Very Rov. W. M. Cowper, M.A., Denn. Rovs. E. G. Cranswick, E. Crisford, J. W. Debenham, M.A. ; H. Dicker, J. Done, D. E. Evans-Jones, T. C. Ewing, H. Frvor, C. . F. Garnsey, C. H. Gibson, M.A.; tho Ven. W. J. Gunther, M.A., Arch- deacon ; Rovs. T. Holme, W. Hough, S. Hun- gerford, II. L. Jackson, M.A. ; T. Kemmis, Canon ; R. E. Kemp, M.A. ; H. S. King, M.A., Canon ; tho Von. R. li. King, B.A., Archdeacon ; Revs. R. Ray- mond King, M.A. ; John Douse Langley, William Lums duine, Edward David Madgwiok, Jnmes Napoleon Manning, LL.B.; Henry Martin, George M'lntoih, Robert M'Keown, Goorgo Middleton, George Harman Moreton, Canon; John Morgan, Henry Wallace Mort, M.A. ; Rev. Joseph Herbert Mullens, Daniel Murphy, Arthur AVel lesloy Pain, B.A. ; Luke Parr, John Howell Price, Charles Frederick D. Priddle, H. J. Rose, E. M. Sauniere, W. H. Saunders, W. H. Sharp, M.A., Canon ; J. Shearman, J. G. Southby, J. Stack, A. G. Stoddart, R. Taylor, J. L. Taylor, T, B. Tress, F. T. Trivett, J. Vaughan, F. C. Williams, R. S. Willis, M.A., E. H. Wright, A. Yarnold, and also the following lay representativos : -Messrs. G. W. F. Addison, J. Allen, H. E. A. Allan, J. W. Allpnss, R. M. Armstrong, E. Bailey, W. J. Baker, F. L. Barker, J. Barnett, W. R. Beaver, W. Bethune, R. G. Breillat, C. B. Brownrigg,' C. Burt, E. Burton, H. Byrnes, W. B. Campbell, R. A. Cape, Rov. W. >A. Charl- ton, Messrs. J. K. Chisholm, Hon. G. H. Cox, Messrs. W. Crane, J. Croker, W. Croker, J. Dawson, T. B. Dearin, E. R. Deas-Thomson, T. A. Dibbs, E. B. Docker, A. R. Docker, P. W. A. Downes, J. Dunstan, J. B. Durham, H. W. Edwards, J. J. Farr, F. Ferguson, J. H. Fleming, J. W. Foster, W. J. Foster, T. Fredericks, C. W. H. Garlingj J. Green, W. Grey, A. Harbor, Rev. E. Hargrave, Messrs. G. R, Harrison, J. S. Harrison, W. Harris, R. Harper, J. S. Hawthorne, A. E. Hemslcy, R. Hills, Captain Hill, Messrs. E. L. Hitchins, F. Hixson, R.N., T. Hobbs, P. R. Holdsworth, J. W. Hosking, W. Hudson, W. A. Hutchinson, His Honor Sir J. G. L. Innes, Messrs. A. E. Jaques, T. J. Jaques, C. E. Jeanneret, H. E. Kator, J. King, E. J. H. Knapp, Hon. E. Knox, Messrs. B. Kyngdon. M.D. ; F- B. Kyngdon, J. K. Lethbridge, G. E. Makin. G. Marshall, M.D.; W. M'Donnell, J. S. M'Gowen, G. Michael, J. Y. Mills, T. Moore, E. W. Molesworth, A. Osborne, B. M. Osborne, J. Page, J. Parry, G. W. Pearce, J. Plummer, W. Price, B. R. Rainsford, E. Ridge, R. O. Riley, J. Ritchie, Rev. A. R. Rivers, M.A. ; Messrs. F. R. Robinson, E. H. Rogers, J. Ross, W. H. Rowsell, C. Sampson, J. Bcroggie, P. L. C. Shepherd, A. J. Siovers, W. H. Simpson, J. D. Singlo, H. S. Smith, 3\. F. Smith, C. B. Stephen, Hon. S. A. Stephen, Mr. W. Stephen, Rev. G. E. C. Stiles, B.A.; Messrs. C. Stuart, T. Summerboll, Dr. H. Tarrant, Messrs. E. B. Taylor, H. P. Tidswell, Rev. S. S. Tovoy, S.A., Messrs. F. W. Uther, J. Vickery, G. Wall, J. H. Walker, C. R. Walsh, G. E. Warburton, E. G. Ward, Vf. O. Ward, S. F. Ward, A. B. Weigall, H. Westcott, G. R. Whiting, F. J. Wickham, W. H. Wilkinson, J. T. Wilshire, E. J. Wilshire, G. F. Wiso. THE PRIMATE'S ADDRESS. The Primate, who was received with loud applause, said : My Reverend Brethren and My Brethren of the Laity, The life of our Church cannot be-and we should be false indeed to the old traditions of the Church of England if we ever conceived that it could be separated from the general life of the whole community. The associations, therefore, which mark this year so strikingly for all Englishmen in this colony must reflect themselves not indistinctly upon our thoughts and feelings at this opening of our Church Synod. (I.) It is the Jubilee year. In that respect it touches us as free citizens of the great British Empire, and as loyal subjects of a Sovereign to whom that Empire owes more than it can ever fully know in respect of tho marvellou's growth, the scarcely troubled peace, tho large measure of material prosperity, and the progress of intellectual, moral, religious civilisation during the last 50 years. The synod will be glad to bo informed officially that before I left England, In obedience to tho united request of all tho diocesos in Australia and Tasmania, I submitted to hor Majesty the simple but emphatio expression of a loyalty strong in respect, and quickened by affection. (Applause.) It ia the eve of the centenary celebration, which concerns the colony, as such, in the independent, self-governed energy which co- exists so well with membership of the great body of the Empire; and this celebration, though it must necessarily lack the past in retrospoct, tracing from humble beginnings a largo and vigorous growth, yet mainly (I think) suggests rather the looking forward to a greater and maturer future. As in the individual, so in tho community, the birthday of the young is always tinged with the bright light of hope, and I trust that, through the wholo of the Christian Church hero in all its branches, there will bo, either through com- bined or concerted action, a resolution to hallow that celebration universally by solemn thought, and by earnest thanksgiving and prayer. (Applause.) Nor should I fail to glance, though it bo but in passing, at that other centenary, less exciting yet not less instructive, which we have lately celebrated-the completion of the hundredth year of the colonial Episcopate, and the growth from the one NovaSeotian See of 1787 of the 77 bishoprics of our own duy-marking tho progress of our Church in Americ* and India, Australia and New Zealand, Africa and the islands of the Great Ocean. While wo thank God for the past, we think in wonder " how great must bo the expansion here under God's blessing in the next hundred years." And then, within the larger circle of thess general associations, thero are some peculiar to ourselves, having the same twofold nspect, which we cannot pass by. We meet to-day in a now Synod hall, in architectural beauty and, I trust, in convenience moro worthy of our Synod. As new, it turns our thoughts onward in prayer that God's blessing may rest upon tho deliberations which shall hero be held in tho years to como; it suggests tho newness of thought and action which is tho essential token and condition of vitality. But it is also a memorial of ono to whom 1 have gladly had more than one occasion to refer with deep respect, and who, 1 know, to many hero is not a dead, but a living, memory. In that aspect it teaches the still higher lesson, not only of our continuity with the past history of the Church hero, but of our unity-spiritual, and therefore imperishable-with thoso who have laboured in that past, and aro now at rest. Under their associations wo should enter, with perhaps even moro than usual of serious- ness and high resolution, on tho deliberations of this year. (II.) Somo changes^ somo losses-great, though hardly so great as those which last year 1 had to record add a keener personal enforcement to these feelings of solemnity. Among tho clergy wo must omit this year two respected namos-of the Rev. J. R. Blomfleld, who through ill-health lins retiied from active work, after a long and faithful servico to the Church of 36 years ; and tho Rev. T. W. Unwin, who, having exchanged the parish of St. Luke for a chaplaincy at the Rookwood Cemetery, can no longer bo a member of this synod. Amone; the laity I know that wo shall all, whatever our peculiar phase of opinion may be, miss with deep regrot tho familiar presence oî Mr. Shepherd Smith-(hear, hear)-that strong-minded and lnrgo-heurted ehurchmun, always ready to aid good Christian work, always recognising, by labour and sacrifice, tho duty of every Christian to the Master whom he loved. (Hear, hear.) Not less-though in this case there íb no sorrow over death-shall we miss the aid and counsol of Mr. Thomas Robertson, the registrar of the diocese, nnd hero our able and conscientious chairman of committees ; oven while we may rejoico to know that by his chango of residence ho lias been enabled, ns the Bishop of Riverina informs mc, to render invaluable servico to the formation of the eynod of that new, but (thank God) flourishing dioceso. (Applause.) And to one other loss 1 must refer one which concerns mo especially, but which wo shall all reel-the resignation of the chancellorship, and with it of his placo in the synod by him whom wo now rejoice to know ns Mr. Justice Stephen-(apnlauso)-and whom you will not think that I described hero wrongly a year ago as "tho distinguished inheritor of a distinguished name." Too short ha« been our official connection, though long onough for valuable service, which I gratefully acknowledge. But the severance, as it leaves to me" the privilege ot private friendship, so in the synod nnd in the chinch I um sure does not diminish our tributo to him of respect and esteem. PAST VEAn'g HISTOHY. I tura from this notice, brief but far from per- functory, of tho changes which have passed over us \- and it is singular how great such changes have been oven in the short experience of my episcopate to deal ns usual, first, with the details of the year's history and of tho work proposed for this synod ; no\t, to suggest to you certain principles, which it is well to remember in dealing with some ef tho moro anxious problems which just liow prosent themsolvos to ub. Pardon mo if I havo to trespass on your attention at a length, which is to some, I am told, wearisome. Tho growing business, the increase of important questions which aio tho sign and penalty of progress, must plead my excuse. 111. What points have to bo noted in tho history of the past year'i First, lot mo îemind you that one old and valued membor of tho synod we welcome this year under anew title. The Rev. Canon Giinthor has consonted to give me i his aid, and no ocultis ipiscopi could bo truor and more clear- i Bightf'd, in tho new Archdeaconry of Cnmdon. (Applause.) I 1 fool greatly tho need of that fuller organisation of tho dioceso < which archdeaconries supply; and I trust that at no dis- J tant time, hero, as in other dioceBOS, such endowment .' xnay bo found for thom, as may sot the holders free, wholly . or partially, from the restraints of paroohial charge, for moro general services to the Church (Hoar, hear ) Iho value of their suppoit to the Bishop- in nhoso case the old Gieok maxim, "jSothing without tho Bishop "is here some tunes carnod out with an almost cruel liter ility-(lnughter) -lins boon brought especially homo to mo by my enforced absenco-longor than I wished, although 1 made it ns short as might bo-during this past year Even though I speak in his presenco I must express, not only of our deep obligation, but tbo debt of gratitude due from the wholo diocese, to the Venerable tho Archdeacon of Cumberland for his loyal and earnest, methodical and un M earitd, discharge during my absence of the duties of Lom missaiy (Loud applause ) It is bj his requost that I nc knovi ledge public!} the aid and sj mpathy m that somewhat difficult woik which ho has received from his brother Archdeacon and the Rural Deans, from tho members of the standing committeo, and the many other committees, who natch over our various Church works, and last but not least, from our assistant registrar, Mr Atkins, who«o valuable son ice I myself know bl grateful experience (Applauso ) The captain otfho Bhip in Milich I sailed home- ward told jib that if ho nore disabled ho had at least two or three officers who could equally woll navigate the vessel It is my happiness to know that if, from any reason, I fail, there aro firm and true hands who, under the gui- dance of the Divine compass, will grasp tho helm I trust that I may bo pardoned if I hero oxpross to my fellow-Churchmen and mnny of my follow- citi?ons my heartfelt gratitude for tho sjmpnthj which I have received, as the sorrowful cause of my abs<.n"e, so in the partial relief from its pressure, ulrich, by God's mercy, has boen granted to us (Applause ) The usual signs of visible pro- gress will como beforo you to-day iwo proposed now parishes, at Neutral Bay and South Creek, will bo sub- mitted to this synod, making up the number of 13 sinco I carne hero in 1884 Now churches have boen opened, or foundation stones laid, at St Saviour's, Redfern, Burran ang, Bowral Bexloy Nontral Bay, Broughton Crook, Foxground, Kenthurst, Otford, Mossman's Bay Mission rooms, which I greatly valuo for freedom and elasticity, as adjuncts to a parish for its more evangelistic work, and which 1 would gladly soo multiplied m number, have been similarly inaugurated in the parishes of All Saints', Woollahra, St Bernabns', Sydney, bt Luko's, Burwood and Castle Hill, and have contmuod their useful work in St Petor's, Woolloo- mooloo, Christ Chuich, and tho Cathedial district I onlv regret that in most cases these new enterprises have been begun under burdon of debt some without what 1 think to be a matter of imperativo dut} -a provision for tlio gradual discharge of that debt lo this subject 1 may have to recur hereafter But in spite of this 1 rejoice, and you will rejoice with me, in this visiblo evidence that our "woik grows, as m this growing community it should grow, under tho call and, ns we trust, the blessing of God The report of tho standing committee will have informed you of tho pnssing of the Chuich Property Bill, bv which Parl.amont, undor certain conditions, leaves to tho synod, as tho trustees of tho Church property, tho right of turning it to new uses, wherovoi from any causo tho old purpose, to which it was deioted, has ceased to be really valuable The Act will savo tbe money of the Churoh, and tho timo of Parliament, while the effect will bo I beliei e tho firmer, and moro sagacious guardian- ship of Church property Perhaps it has a further valuo as a t}po of the general policy-which is, 1 think the only reasonable and useful policy of gaining unfettered hbeitv for the Church in all that concerned her rosources nnd her organisation Under this act tho nid of the synod will bo sought in moro than ono case during the present session 1 can heartily congratu- late the synod on the generally flourishing condition of our institutions for higher church educition St Paul's College has entered on its new buildings tree of debt and by exten- sion of its numbers has gono far towards filling them Mooro Collcgo, as its roport will Bhow, though its numbers are still boloiv its accommodation, has increased consider- ably since last } ear, and but for the inadequate prepara- tion, or inadequate moans of intending candidates, would bo fuller still Iho King's School,under its now headmaster, has moio than doubled its numbers and shows the greatest vigour and promise (Applause) 1 hanks to tho vote of last year's session the council hav e been able to carry out extensive repairs, to add a now hospital, a residence foi mastors, to Îirovid» now class rooms The first stone will speedily bo aid of a school chapel-that indispensable adjunct to thehfo of an English public Behool-(applause)-although hero tho funds have been already largely contributed, and will, I trust, be completed by donations, mainly from tho old boya of the school without trenching on the Improvement Funds still in the hands of tho Council ihe Clergv Daughters' School at St Cathonno's had already fillod to tho utmost its enlaigid accommodation The number of foundationers is now doublo what it was whon the piesont lady principal began her work, and the non foundationers, through whom the schoolisbecomingsolf-sup porting, is largol} uicroiscd The Cathedral school, undor tho charge, and by the unweantd energy of our good Precentor, is "omishing nioie than ivei (Applauso) Its excellenco is proved by tho increase of non foundationers from without, whilo to our chonstois it is simply invaluable, not only for musical instruc- tion, but for that intellectual and moral training, without which bo} s can hardly take an intelligent and reverent part m tho daily services of a mthedral Lvery whoro I oan chronicle udv ance and you who know, and I believe sympathise with, mv strong sense of the transcen- dent importance of highor religious educntion, will under- stand with what deep thankfulness I make this announce- ment to j ou (Applause) Two steps, ordered by the synod, for tho promotion of this great causo are, as reports will s_owyou,still delayed l'or the transferenceof MooreCollege to S}dnoy, the trustees have only been able to preparo, by tho purchase of an admirable site, m the immediate neigh- bourhood of the University As ytt the scheme by which the parochial authorities and inhabitants of Liverpool Îiropose to further the utilisation of the build ngs for a new Church Grammar School still lingers Till it becomes efiective it is felt to be hardly safo to complete tho transforonce of tho colleero Bofoio next year I trust that the cause of delav will be removed The creation of tho new Grammar School in Sydney, by tho expenditure of the residue (about £30,000) of tho compensation money for the site of the old St James' School, cannot, in conse- quence of the wording of the act, obtained since the last ses- sion, be carnod out till tho synod has elected a council of management Meanwhile the church property trustees, m order to save time, have provnsionaUy suggested a site at St Phillip's School, and obtained some preliminar} designs, which the} will submit to the judgment and determination of tho new council The samo educational work, m its lower and moro popular branches still goes stondily on, and our parochial churoh schools still maintain thomsoli es in spite of difficulties and the competition of schools far bettor oquipped and organised, with a succosb that shows that there aro still very many who valuo the old and un- fettered typo of religious education (Hoar, near ) Thp instruction in the Public schools continues its largo usefulness, although again I must tell you, not without somo shame, that its advance has been this }ear stoppod and even turned back by insufficiency of support I pass to a brief notice of the one now organisation of the diocese, of which I last yoar announced tho inauguration Iho Lay Helpers' Association is already moro than a thousand strong, pro- mising, I think, much detailed usefulness, but perhaps having its chief valuo m its witness for unity and large conceptions of church work Each year deepens in my mind tho conviction of which I spoke last session, that in church work wo aro over-narrow ed, ovor-parochiahsed If (as has boen, I think, tho caso in London) our Lay Helpers Association brmgB out more clearly the universality of Christian dut}, and tho need of a wide brotherly co-operation, it will more than justify our aspirations and our hopes WORK OP THE BESSIOV ' You will soo that some matters of legislation of a not un- important but form.il kind aro to bo submitted te you The si nod m ill be invited te consider, and if it approve, to invest with legal forco tho pension scheme, m Inch last year it en- trusted to the Church Society, and to amend thoProsentation Ordinance, in respect not of principio but of 6ome technical dofcots, which havo b°en expenen< ed in practice There will bo submitted, also tor accoptan-o two determinations of tho Genmal Synod-tho first, so amending tho constitu- tion of tho Boaid o£ Missions ns to givo moro of needful índi- pendenco to its diocesan committees, and in ii ko tho exccutivo chiefly a Central Board of Advice , the other modif}ing the method of the election of Metropolitan, but by a provision from which tho enso of S}dne} is excoptcd, I may remark that these determinations by no means represent tho next important work of tho General Synod On some weighty matteis it resolved in its independent character ns representing tho Church in Australia and Ins mania- such as tho establishment of a central examination on tho t}po of tho now all but universal'} recognised theological examination m England, which nil can- didates for holy orders may have the opportunity of pnssing -the provision, if possible, of means loi obtaining tor our clorg} theological déliées-tho acceptance for general use of forms of occasional prav er, to bo di awn up by tho Bishop, which will, I trust, bo oro long issued Since it referred to tile great Lambeth conference of noxt year-the important question of the means of securing a trcer legal uso of the Vraver Book, and tho addition to it by authority of Bpecial sei vices-tho still molo important question of approach on tho part of the Church of Lngland towards Bomo greater visible unity with thoso brethren who, on what Boom to us secondary points aro separated from us and tho compaiativoly slight question of the attachment of tho title of Archbishop to the Pnmatial See of this branch, and, perhaps, by consequence, to corresponding Seos of other branches of tho colo»ial Church On one point the General Si nod confirmed, by its high authority, the action of this synod in its earnest though temperate protest against the bill for extension of divorce, now -as wo think most unhappily -passed bv tho Legislature of this colony, and submitted to her Majesty for her Roi al assent I cannot but hete m passing nlludo emphatically to tho deep debt of gratitudo which what wo hold to bo the cause both of Christian principio and of tho public morality and welfare, owes to that distinguished member of our synod-tho lion Edward Knox-(great applause) who so ably and so stcadfustly resisted this bill in tho Legislativo Council, nnd reduced tho forco which carried it to the insignificant majority of one (Applauso Thos}nod will, I cannot doubt, approve the conrso which, in common with somo of my brother Bishops of this province, 1 have taken in petitioning tho Queen to withhold her assent until at loast tho public opinion of the colony has been far moro decisively pronounced, or a change so momentous m itself and its consequences that it ought to bo accepted only by a virtual consensus or I «n overwhelming majority of the whole members of our' Legislature (ApplauBo ) What may bo the issuo of this last protest wo cannot tell But at least before God and man we shall have " delivered our souls From the General Svnod, which is just passed, I turn for a moment to tho Piowncial Svnod, which is to meet tim vear under tho now constitution framed in 1884, and now accepted by all the diocesan synods but one, which has not yot mot It is, I think, not unlikely that it may consider the necessity of applying to Parlia- ment for such modification of tho constitution ns will remove all doubt as to tho legal validity of its new constitution, and, in fact,leave tho Provincial bvnod itfolf freo to modify its own organisation from timo to tuno It may bo woith while foi tina svnod to considoi whether, in that case, it nrn not bo well to apply foi asimilar fioodom as to the constitution ot our own si nod No one, I behevo, douuts that tho growing number of our parishes is ahead) making this synod too large, for it has even now moro than twico tho number of members of the Legislativo Assembly of our whole colon) No ono can bo blind to tho misfortune of being precluded from summoning to our svnod even the highest Church dignitaries-our Denn and out Aichdeacon -if they chance to bo without parochial chaige It seems but reasonable that, as in the diocese of Melbourne, it should be fioo to, deal in this respect, with its own affairs Who can suppose that Parliament has either right or desire to rogulato the composition of an ecclesiastical assembly i Another important matter will, I know, come before the Provincial Synod, on which it may please this synod to make somo referoneo to me I mean the position of our present Church Act. that this Act was wiso in the first instance, and that it has beon useful in the past, I can well behove But it pre-supposes a condition of things now largely obsolete, it cannot be applied, and ia not applied to many of our Churches, especially our freo and open Churches yot at this moment it seems to supply the only legal status of a Church 01 parish , and when I am f i om timo to timo consulted na to tho legal rights of churchwardens, tiustees, congregations, m the Churches not under it, I am obliged, after obtaining the best advice, to reply with somo humiliation that I can give no sufficient answer at all There aie, I believe, vaiious ways proposed of dealing with this difficulty But it concerns the go»d ordor cf Hip Church and the right position of its authorities, that it should bo in some way dealt with The view which I am thus enabled to gil o of the actual growth of the Church in tho past year, and of the practical work to which this sjnod will bo called, is, on tho whole, full of interest and encouragement I hoi o is in it achievement for which we mnv thank God out of that achievement open, as usual, calf and promise for tho future rAHTY SPIMT I can see but two hindrances which can mar our advance-co existent though thoy seem inconsistent-for tho maxim that " extremes meot," under guise of paradox, expresses a fundamental and intelligible law-the wider development of extremes of opinion and partv spirit in some, which is a serious ovil, and in others-what is to my mind infinitely more dangerous-a certain tondency to in- dolent acquiescence, and a shrinking from any active work which may seem likely to imply conflict in others It would be, I think, out of place for mo, on the one hand, to deal with any points of present controversy, or, on the other, simply to reiterate complaints, which may well be thought to have become hackneyed and conventional But it is, 1 think, not inconsistent with my dury to suggest to you principles which underlie all these considerations, and which ought to help both to form opinion and to guido aotion It may seem over simple, but I believe it ia truo, to say that the kev to the wholo position-under, of course, the higher guidance of Christian tnith and duty-ia thoughtful study of the principios of the Church to which we bolong-(appluuso)-a Church m somo points unique, undoubtedly complex in its peculiar character, and for that reason, to my mind, adapted to tho complexity of human naturo. What tho Church of Lngland is in point of doctrine, and hew impossible it is to includo the wholo of its doctrino under tho formula of any of tho schools-High Church, Low Church, Broad Church-which divide it I have on previous occasions suggested to vou, and I need not try to deal exhaustively with this subject, all important as it undoubtedly is Yot it cannot bo passed wholly by Let mo but point you to the exhibition of this truth, as it is plainly visible in our Articles, which, if they aie un authoritative guidanco only to tho clergv, must have some instruction to our educated laity, and-as is historically the case-they bear the characteristic impress of the thought of the 16th century, and did not at the time of their composition claim completeness nnd pormanonce, j ot have, so far as 1 may j udgo, achieved a mcasuro of bothoythoirown intrinsic merit, and exemplify to us the law of " the survival of tho fittest " Ihey at least determine what our Church intended to bo ns emphatically a reformed Church Like other confessions of that 16th contury, they were designed to bo positive oven moro thnn negative, to declare not merely what the adherents of the great Reformation rejected, but what they recoived Ponder on it 1 thus point you to what we may think a trite and familiar document Without the faintest idea of satire, I cannot but (hink that of many who talkof our Articles some have never studied them at all, and still more have never studied them as a whole (Applause ) Look then at the fal st hi o articles you will find that thoy simply reiterate-with some peculiarities of expression, and with some additions characteristic of Western thoologv gene- rally and of the 16th contury in particular-the old ' Cutholic faith of Christendom " from which the English Reformation authoritatively declared that it had no inten- tion to depart They traverse nguin tho lines of the ancient creeds and tho belief in the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Pass to the next group of throo articles (vi -vin ), and you shall find that in them tho Church of England defi- nitely casts in its lot with the Reformation, by assertmtr what under all phases was its primary doctrine-the suffi- ciency of Holy Scripture, as "containing all things neces- sary to salvation "- (apnlauso)-while, ns common sense and obedience to the orderof God's providence dictate she accepts, as in the creed, the interpretation of the Church of Christ the accumulated teaching of histoncul Christianity as an authoritative, though not infallible, interpolation, making the Church (as isatterwards said) not a co-ordinate authority, but a " witness and keeper of Holy Writ " (Applause ) Next study that long sones of articles (ix -xvm ) on what we now call subjective Christianity-tho applica- tion to human nature as fallen and redeemed of the gi eat objective truths and powers of Revelation It is the group which bears most plainly the impress of the age It views tho two great reformations of tho Continent-the German (or Lutheran), and Swiss (or Calvnnistic), Reformations- what men then called distinctively the "Protestant" and "Evangelical" movements, and deals independently with the great principles giving life to both On Justification by 1 nilli, the great watchword of Luther, it largelv svmpathiseB with the soberer and moro guarded form of Luthcranism which emerged in the Augsburg Con- fession On the mystery of Predestination and Election it rigidly confines itself to unsvstematio and purely scriptural language, which would have tailed to satisfv the iron logic of Calvin, as so histoncallv it did fail to satisfy thoso who understood and loved the hard symmetry of his bj stem But on both the Church of Lngland took up an attitude of discriminating indepen- dence It sj mpathised more or less, but it did not follow absolutely with the great movements of Continental Refor- mation Y et moro strongly is tin« independence stamped on the still longer series which follows (xix - xxxvi ), dwelling on tho Church and tho sacraments, and sometimes by implication, sometimes in vehement de- nunciation, protesting against Romish porversions of both Of all tho articles theso uro most distinctively Anglican By the points m which thoy ngreo with, and bv thoso in which thoy differ from, the many othor confessions pouring m from all quarters m that centurj, thoy bring eut that independent spirit, in which (as tho famous challonge of Bishop lench showed) tho Church of England went hack for heraolt to Holy Scripture and the teaching of tho Primitive Church (Applause ) Even if thoy bo taken alone, without tho interpretation of our Prayer-book and oui Catechism, you will seo how mi Eossiblo it is to includo them undor anv ono formula They avo beon said, as you know, to keop tho vin media But obseivo-for this is of infinite importance-that they seok to find it, not by balancing botweon oxtromes, but by searching after tho true way, which is apt to bo the middle waj, simply bocauso it ib the characteristic of eiroi in various forms to diverge from it on either hand Nor is this less true of tho short final group of Articlos, xxxvn -xxxix , which touch on tho relations of Church and Stato, and especially on what tho Royal Supremacy was and was not in theory, what it ou¡,ht and ought not in nractico, to have boon In another form, that truth is important now Ihe Royal Supremacy meant roully the asser- tion of tho ultimato power of the wholo Church, of which the Sovereign was tho representativo as Supreme Govornor, and in this the assertion of tho rights of tho laitj, which had long boon ovorberne In Church, as m Stato, sovereignty has passed from the ono to tho many It is important to seo wliat tho Church of England holds as to the roahty and limitation of that sovereignty, and what aro the full meaning nnd tho necessary conso quenco of the declaration, that she gives not to it " tho ministering either of God's Word or of the Sacra- ments " Tho object of this briof survey - which I havo tried to make, as far as pos- sible, purely descriptive, and which I willingly loavo to the critical and thoughtful judgment of men-is not to maintain either tho perfection of the Articles, or tho truth of tho position of tho Church of England as thoy Botitforth Ido notdeny that, formysolf, I rejoicointho lino takon up-comprehensivo, bocauso in tho truo sense moderate-moderato, because Scriptural 1 piofoi tho ii regularity of a natural growth to a dead artificial symmetry (Applause ) I prefer to the clearness of a narrow simplicity tho balance, branded by somo as "compromise," which seems to me indisputably the law of human naturo, and therefore of truth, as viowcd by, and applied to, that naturo But my object is to show that which so many who, in this party or m that, speak of the principles of the Church of England, clniming them as exclusively their own, scorn to mo to fail of discerning-to show, in fact, not what thoso principles ought to bo, but what thoy aro As with tho Articles themselves, so with tho principles thoy embody somo would, no doubt, read into thom, or read out of them, statomonts, positivo or negativo, which they contain Somo would greatly simplify them, or got rid of thom, ns authori- tative expositions, altogether But meanwhile thoy aro what they aro, and w ithin thom I boliovo that different schools of thought can find abundant room, if only thoy w ill think mainly of pressing on Bido by sido-each dotachment flying, if it will, its own colours under tho common standard-in conflict against sin and the unbelief, which regards Christians together, instead of jostling and driving at one another (I oud applause ) But, while I cannot but rofor to the principles of tho Church of England in lespeet of doctrino, my chief dosiro is to lead your thoughts to them as thoy bear upon i --- churoh constitution and government. "What is the true condition of the Church of England here V ABSOLUTISM AND CONSTITUTIONALISM Now, all conceptions of the Church must, I think, tako for granted, if they roly not on theory, but on actual histor}, for the cailiost times-tho oxistenco of a ministry " lawfully called and sent "-I uso tho thoughtful and simple words of our Atticlo -"to execute tho offico of public pleaching of the Word, and ministering the sacraments"-so called and sont " by mon who have public authontv given thom in tho Church " set apart by some form of solemn ordination and benediction-bouudb} vows which, not accoidmg to tho willoi the congregation, but accoiding te their own con- science in tho sight of God and to tho truth which tho} have solemnly accepted, thoy must tulEl This conception of tho ministry of the Churoh líos boyond all oidmary controvoisics , it is actoptcd in the main by the gieat mass of Christendom Its full recognition has historically kept pace with the vitality and unity of the Church All attempts to overbear it, dnoctl} or indireotlv, have injured both It must bo, of course, controlled by law, but openly to deny it, or practically to undermino it, ib to revolutionise the Churoh of Christ. (Applause) But accepting this fundamental fact, thero aro, as it seems, two theories of the Church-tho ono cor- responding to absolute, the other to constitutional, government in the State Tho one assigns to the ministry m whatever form-tho body of l'resbv. tors, the collective Episcopate, tho Popo with or without his council -the absoluto right of legislation, judicial functions, exe- cutive powor-at any rate m things spiritual, possibly, foi it is hard to soparute tho two, in things temporal also. This ia the theory brought to a formidable perfection, as it appears to me, who look on from without, in the Roman Catholic s}stem, especially ns wo soo it in the present day It has much oí tho n on strength, and close organisation of all absolutiBm Undor it in tho colony, and elsow_ero,tho Roman Church is putting forth an onorgy, bringing such a wealth of resource, commanding from her people largo sacrifices, which must tell powerfully in the futuro bought thongh they bo at a fatal price. So far as her work is work for Christ, against the common foes of sin, ignorance of God, unbelief, 1 admire it S» far BB it is bound up with what seems to mo falsehood, usurpation, coiruption, I look upon it with anxiety But even in this rcspoot, I feel convinced that it cannot bo rightly dealt with by oppression 01 injustice , it cannot be effectually dealt "with by mere denuncia- tion and banon protest No doubt it may need to bo opposed by argument and witnoss for Scrip- tural truth But that mainly it must be excelled, "out-worked and out-prayed "-is what wo bohevo to be a purer and a moro excellent way (Applause) The other theory is what I would call the consti- tutional. It believes that, as tho promises of Christ and His indwelling presence aro given to tho wholo body of tho Church, so to that body belongs, in things spiritual as well as temporal, law, judg- ment, executive authority Clergy and lnity ahlco have, in all those things, their dutios and their rights. No mau. no order, no class, is absoluto This was un- doubtedly the principio of the Churoh of England m tho Reformation of tho 16th century, it was this which, not without much exaggeration and tyranny, was intended to be embodied in the r»yal supremaoy, in tho throwing »ff of obedience to Rome, in tho establishment of oui Praver book, in tho enforcement of our Articles, King, Con- vocation, Parliament (then our assembly of lay churchmon), all claimed and had their share This principle is still moro plainly recognised in tho church hore Our synods mo the governing bodies of our branch of the Church of England, and in theso clorgy and laity have their place side by side In tho diocesan a} nod tho bishop holds the place of a constitutional rulor In the larger synods the bishops collectively seem to occupy substantially tho same position Hore, as in so many othor points, tho Church of England has crown up m tho closost likoness to the wholo btato of England In both there is tho strength of tho in- herent vitality and truth of constitutional government In both theso aro purchased-cheaply purchased, so wo think-at tho price of some inov itablo drawback It must bo ours to chorish the one and to minimise tho othor This fundamental principio of Church Constitution wo must all willingly or reluctantly ackuewledgo as plainly embodied in otu sv stem I, for one, not onlv acknowledge it, but accept it heartily, that I do so I havo shown already by deferring on some points, where I might havo acted inde- pendently, to the expressed opinion of tho synod, oven whon it conflicted with my own I believe the vi hole body of our clergy aie equally ready to recognise ungrudgingly lay libeity and lay rights But from this conooption of the Church there follow certain consoquences-not al wa} s so universally acknowledged-without which it can novor work in vigour of life and power It is to those that I would pray jour attention, and tho attention of the churchmen whom j ou represent. Tho ideal of a con- stitutional svstom is the supremacy over all of law, and the fico development of that "Liberty within the limits of law " winch was tho watchwoid of some im- portant addresses of clorgy and laity presented to tho House of Bi hops during tho lato sossion of tho General Svned " The supremacy of law," not simply submitted to in its haid, literal, and eoorcivo foim, but frcoly and loyally recognised, in spirit as well as in lottor ns the guard of libert}, becauso tho guai d against license (Applause ) Only so can that bo truo of human law which Hooker so eloquently declared of all law, that "her seat is in the bosom of God, her voico the harmony of tho world, all things in heaven and earth do her homage, tho very least are feeling her caro, tho greatest ara not oxempted from her power . AH, with one uniform consent, admiring her as thn mother of thoir peace and joy " That supremacy of law as declared by this synod, undor the guidance of thoso constitutions which on all fundamenta) matters accept for us the law of the Church of England as a wholo, 1 would gladly see still moro fully and practically recognised over Bishop, cleigy, and laity, over ministers and parishes alike, in oidor to secure to all right, independence, to guard in all cases against the conflicts of arbitiary privilego and power So far as my experience has jet gono, nine-tenths of tho difliculties and quarrels which aro tho chiof weariness of a Bishop's life would bo prevented by tho more oftectivo supremncy of church law Wo sometimes fool thiB, as citizens, for our whole community, wo mubt feel this still more keenly-for religious matters are those which touch the soul most closely-for our own Church ' Liberty within the limits of law," in reBpect of doctrino, worship, life, implying necessanlj a largo measure of variety, not only concerns tho vitality, but is a necessary condition of that comprehensiveness which Bomo think the dofect, but which to my mind is tho glory of the Church of England (Applauso.) Liberty to individual souls in the conditions of Church membership, liborty to the clorgy m conscientious fulfilment of their duty, liberty to parishes and congi egations m minor developments of ritual and practico, thoso things cannot now be dostrojed or impaired by action of law But they ought to bo equally sacied against tho forces of arbitrary pressure and of intoleranco of opinion, wasting timo and energy on the infinitely httlo, instead of trusting mainly to tho positivo declaration of truth, even our own special aspect of truth, as the power whieh must prevail against falsehood and error (Applauso ) No doubt all liberty must be used with self-restraint, tender of tho consciences, feelings, evon honest prejudices of othors, caring above all things except truth and duty for the pcaco and welfaro of thn wholo body But its existence, oven m its occasional vagaries, is the con- dition of vitality At all costs, within, bo it observed, and not beyond, the wide hunts of our laws, it must be frankly recognised. Lot mo say plainly that I mvself shall always endeavour so to recognise it. Wherovsr my attention is drawn to breaches of law, under tho regulations which our s} nod has wisely laid down, wherover, oven without such information, I think it well to inquire into such breaches of law, mottt propna I shall hopo to do my duty unflinclungl} as tho guardian of law. Wherover my ndvico is asked, or whorovor I may feel it right to tender it unasked, for tho good of n churoh and parish, though oven at tho risk, which is no imaginary ono, that it will bo lightly regarded, I shall not omit to givo it with such authority as I may I shall cortainly in my own practice, and in mv public teaching, try to sot foith what in theso matters seoms to mo light and accordant with tho spirit of the Church of England. (Applause ) But it is my fixed purpose, while I thus carry out what is, I concoiv o, my boundon duty, to respect hborty, oven whoi o it manifests itself in ways of which personally I do notapprovo, forl conçoive that Ühb is not onlv accor- dant with tho principles of the Church, but is tho only method by which vitality, sincerity, and piogrcss can bo seoured (Great applauso ) Closely connected with thoso manifestations of true constitutional principio in Iho Church is tho limitation which it should impose on the developments of paity spirit I am not about to engago in tho idle task of denouncing parties as such That there will be parties m any community, ecclesiastical or civil, which has a free constitution and a representativo system, is shown by all expenonco, that where men are in earnest those partios must, to somo oxtent, como into conflict, and that, in view of such conflict, thoir mombors must partially mergo thoir own individuality in them, is to bo lumontcd, but it will novor bo nvoidod But thoso parties become what the world calls factious, and what the New lestement rates as schismatic, only when thov seek to oveibeur rosnonsiblo authority, ussumo a spirit of intoleranco towards all without their palo, and induce practical forgotfulnoss of that truo harmony of law with liberty which I havo sought to indicate, lhat tho forma- tion within the Church of party organisations tends at least to this exaggeration and perver- sion of party spirit, I cannot doubt I havo seen this plainly in tho Church at homo, which has-what wo havo not-tho excuso of tho want of a complete ropio sentative 8}stem through which tho voico of tho wholo body may expross ltbolf I should fail m my duty if I uttered no warning on tho subject boro. The great cor- rectivo forco winch will provont oí mitigate such ovils is, flist, no doubt, tho largohoartodnoss of Chnstian chanty to which brothorhood is a living reality, and noxt, tho largo nundedness of right proportion in thought, which can wisely cultivate tho much with which wo agieo, and tho comparatively little in which wo differ But, after this, I repeat, thero will be great powor for good, in tho truo constitutional spirit which is content to soo the whole variety of opinion and fooling within tho limits of law exprès itself in church government and church life Within in our synod, for examplo, such a Rpint will show us clearly tüat our committees and organs of government ought to be truly representativo of all séchons of the majority and minority in duo proportion, and so to include the men of all parties who aro best fitted to do the special work whioh to each delegated body is assigned (Applause.) Outside our bj nod It will keep party aotfon, and even the I assertion of special truths and the protests against special errors (whioh is for eaoh party its ration d' être), in their right secondary placo-infinitely bolow the general energy of Church work, and tho proohiBiation of tho great fundamental Gospol truths whioh all of us hold na the life of our lifo. I confess .to somo impatience-not so much of indignation of of sorrow, thntat a timo whon tho war of opinion is betwoon religion and utter godloss Paganism, coarso or roflnud-wheu tho quostion is not of this or that Christian school or Church, but of the oxistonco of Christianity* in its broadest sim- plicity- vyhon wo havo to fight a buttlo of lifo and death against gigantic forces of sin-wo should bo sponding so much ot our energy on tho most trivial party quostions o£ opinion or practico, as if tho shibboleth .of party was the main confession of Jesus Christ. (Loud applauso.) It has. boen my experience throughout my lifo to bo unablo _ to enrol myself in any party, not bocauso I svmpâthiso with nono, but because I cannot holp finding points of sympathy with nil. I must not recommend tho position to anyone who wants an easy life. (Laughter.) Thoso who hold it mny porhaps somotimos loso some moans of pructical powor, and will certainly bo attacked in turn from all Bides, and strongly dof ended by nono. (Laughter. ) But what has boon always tho choico of temperament is now, I conccivo, laid upon mo as a sacred duty. So far as God givos mo light and strength, I must bo tho Bishop, not of any party, but of tho wholo Church. (Loud applauso.) If over I find that I can no longor do my host to fool with, and to work with, all truo work for Christ, which, within tho limits of our Church prinoiples, is going on undor any form, I must lay down my trust, booauso I shall feel myself unablo to discharge it rightly. Lot mo pass to another conscquenco of this freo ooncoption of tho Church-the sacred duty of work and sacrifice-whioh it lays upon all. ' Tho solid strength of absolutism is in tho obodionco of its subjocts ; the moro elastic strongth of a free community in tho glad oo-operation of its membors. Around us In Stutos and Churohos wo seo plainly the former kind of strength. The time ¡b, perhapB, coming when the English people at large, and our own Church of England will bo forced hy trial to' show the superiority of the other. Thore Is no prayer in our wholo servico more beautiful, moro instruc- tive than that whioh asks of Him-by whoso spirit tho whole body-mark that phraso "tho wholo body"-of "the Church is governed and sanctifiod, that every membor of the samo in his vocation and ministry nmy servo Him;" J' in his vooation "-to which overy member of our Church is called by God, in virturo not only of tho fundamental motives of Christianity itself, but of the speoial oharactor of tho Church membership, whioh is his; "in his ministry" a sorvico of lovo, ready, gratuitous, unstinted, and not a matter t of taste or a mutter of generosity. Tho longor I havo experience of duty hero, tho moro I feel the greatness of glorious opportunity given us, which will boar its fruit, not so much in tho prosent as in the creator future ; and I am bound to add, the moro I feol that it will bo absolutely im- possible to grasp it, unloss not a few of ub, but all, enter moro thoroughly into this responsibility imposed by our Church freedom and the diffusion "among us of Church power. I LACK OP PEOUNIAIIY MKANH. Take the common rough test of money contribution It is to me an absolute pain to dwell on it, but yet it is, as I have said boforo, tho tributo to God of dormant Îiower, which can partly fostor and partly give scope to ivmg energy I hardly know one phaso of Church progress m which Irom time to time 1 am cnlled to sook for advance, that is not continually cramped by the want of means I can hardly bring mjsolf to tell you (for exnmplo) j car aftor )oar, now the work of religious oducation or the duty ot Church mission lan- guishes for want of a few hundreds or thousands of pounds Probably the oxpertenco is not exceptional it may bo paiallolea in othei tunes and in other Churches But it ia not on that account the less real or the lesB significant Nor must I honestly conceal the fact that of this contribution thero is much which is not fieely and gratuitously given What would a Chnsti-in of the ApoBtolio Church think of the continual bogging imposed upon the clergy, not least on the Bishop, for what ought to pour in unasked ? How con- stantly does St Paul's injunction sound toa llishop now-a davs us a thing too good to hopo for i " That there be no gatherings when I como '" (Great laughter ) What aro wo to say of tho devices- al vvuy s unwelcomo, of tin miserable doviccs-to which panshos seem to bo dnv on-(applause) the ba/aars, tho entertainmonts, tho inovitablo collection at overy meeting, even tho picnio and tho cako-fairr" (Laughter and applauso j Wo aro so familiar with the prevalence-is it an incieasiiig provalencol'-of thoso i thin¿s, that wo fail to ostimato thoir significance lho terrible light whioh thoy throw on tho languor of Christian dutv and chant)-the scandal which they cause m the eyes of that popular judgment-(applaiiBo) which, if it does not go deop, is mostly truo-tho hindrances which (as 1 behove) they throw in the way of gaining for Christianity, the nllogianco of tho grootmass of the working people (Hear, hear ) Noi can I lofrain from touching on another phaso of this some evil-tho tondonoy to malto contribution not a fieo gift of service, but a barter for arbitrary powci. As 1 havo said, I rejoice in tho con- stitutional powor of tho laity. I view without dissatis- faction tho tree oxpression of conscientious feeling of tho whole congregation, rich and poor, as the right footing of Christian equality Hut tho presonce of plu tocraoy in our churches- the estimate of tho valuo of a man's adhesion, not hy the strength or wisdom of lim Christian character, but by the length of his purso this is not only a degradation ot Church lito, but a sonous danger, and another fatal kindranco to the Christianity of woiking-men (Applauso ) No support of tho Church is so good as voluntary contri- bution on the right principle , better, fal bettor, should I estoem it than tho richest endow mont But I do not know anything worso or moro demoralising than tho iden of buying spiritual things by tompornl, as though the faith- ful preaching of Christ and the grace, by which alone, it can bo ours, could bo purchased by money Thero is a power which may bo too dearly purchasod-for it kills that which it attempts to rule What tho Church needs is tho universal support on principle of all her members-not sup Eort given or withheld, according as a clergyman or a ishop is liked or disliked-not support which is n matter of chance or temporary impulsj 1 hear evor) whore, just now, in our own Church and m others, of a sonouB dofect m Church resources this }oar, because wo havo had a succession of wet Sundays-(laughter)-and the curious thing is that men regret it, but speak of it as un- avoidable, just as thoy would spoak of a harvest spoilt by the ram Vet docs it ever occur to thom to think what it really means i It means that the old apostolic command, " On the first day of tho wcok lot ovory one of you lay by m store, according as God has prospored him," is laigely a dead letter among us, that many members of the Church only give whon they nie solicited by tho plate or alms-bug going its rounds, and forgot tho duty w bon they are kopt from church by a shower of ram Till this precarious insuoioioncy of discharge of duty is shamed by somo sounder and nobler principles-till we riBo, at least, to what the old tithe signified, or rather to tho higher lov el state ot freo tribute to God, of which tho epistles of tho Now Testament aro full, our Church can- not lu work bo worthy of its glorious tradi- tions, and tho freedom of its constitution may bo practically a weakness instead of a strength. I havo spokon of monoy contributions, bocauso it is, as I havo said, a rough unmistakable test boforo tho eyes of tho world But though I can but glanco at it, lot mo horo say, onco moro, how much moro valuahlo ib the contribution of work and counsel-"not of yours, but of you " Absolu- tism has its conscription a free community must have itB volunteors The vory courBo of ovents, political and ecclo siastical, tonds to this-that behind the regular force tjhere must bo n people in arms Must this bo by constraint ? Can it not bo willingly, at loust in tho nrmy of Christ Himsolf i Of ono thing 1 amsuie, that wo shall never advance-poihaps hardly hold our own against tho growing forces of soculai antagonism-unless all our chui chinen, and ospocially thoso who lill high places in the world-who havo the privilege and responsibility of large mlluenco und education-come forwaiu in our parishes, our sociottos, our synods, to offor to God tho sacrifico of timo, and thought, and trouble With you, thank God, thib is so M j oxpononco boro, as compared oven with oxporienco at home, is increasing ovory day my doep rospect for thom, my sonso of tho mvaluablo servico which thoy rondor to tho chuich, and tho chooring help which thoy give to its ministers But is it so to tho right extent among us i Is it ovon increasingly so, as tho work grows upon us, and its issues deepen m importance i Do not think this the languago of complaint I have noithoi right noi wibIi to complain I have had much holp and s)mpathy hero. Even wore it not so it must bo for thoso who aro called to tho ministry a duty and a happiness to spond and bo spont in a sorvico in which thoy aro novor alono But I fool bound to toll you, in all sober earnestness, what, as it seems to mo, tho call of God requnes of all Christians, and what tho fioo constitution of tho Churoh demands of English churchmen THE bishop's LEOAL POWEn. On one last conscquonco of our constitutional system I hesitate to touch, lost it should seem personal. But I Bpeak for my ofllco, not for myself. The hoad of a 'constitutional system has httlo legal power, but may havo immense influenco on one condition tho condition of a loyalty of confidence and of support. Whoro can wo seo a nobler and a moro signal in- stance of this than in our own bolovod Qucon i Compared with many of her predecessors in old days, her logal power is greatly dmumsbod , but what bovoroign over reigned with a moro oftcotive sway ovor the hoarta of the people ? (Groat applauso). Your bishop is something of a constitu- tional hood His legal powor is emull, and, I should think, curtailed from w hat it onco was. You know that ho cannot remove an unfit clergyman, ho cannot on force right duty on a dofaulting parish or oven a noglectful trustee Ihe power líos not with hun, but with tho synod to create a now parish To all the chief parochial eharges he is unable to present, or even, as in some dioceses, to give to tho Board of Nominator» tho help of his presidency and udvieo, and 1 may add that in the parishes to which ho is called upon to present thoro is a frequent desire to rohevo him from the responsibility under form of potition (Laughter ) Often, thoroforo, he cannot enlist mon who offoi themselves to him for tnodloceso,ovcn it ho knows and trusts them, and is sure that they would do good service Now, of this I do not desire to complain. Whothor it is good for the Church or not this is not the place to inquire. So long as a bishop professes spiritual functions boforo God, ho may well be content without powor or influonoe elsewhere But the condition of thmgs makes it moro essential that he should locoivo-what, unloss it be his own fault, I doubt not that ho always will roceivo-tho support of a cordial loyalty, nnd «.on (I must not »brink from adding it) of a right tneasuro of reipoct tnd deference, if ho is to discharge his duty to any purposo. (Applause ' An absolute rulor may stand in cold solidity of -trength, though hi be isolated in tho . loneliness which is natural te his position. But this cannot be in one who lins to direct the progress of n froo community. No down personal qualities will havo thoir offcct ; and in this lies the heavy responsibility of leadership in a saored causo. Bul thore was something of a truo ring In tho loyalty which declared that it would "fight for tho Crown if ii hung on a bush." In tho Church still moro than in the Stato it is the sacrod office, not its imporfeot holder, whioh has a right to command rovoronco. But, again, ono thing is cortain-that if, which God forbid, a bishop hero over losos (ho confidence mid loyalty of his fellow-churchmen, ho cannot hold his placo with any ndvantago to tho Church. Only by thoso, givon frooly and generously, oven in spite of inovitablo errors and diffonmcos of opinion, can ho do tho work for God to whioh ho has boen called. Pardon mo that I havo porforco mndo this doBiand on your timo and attention. (Grout applause.) Even now I must add ono word in conclusion. Tho year 1888 íb the centenary year of our Church as well ns of tho colony. As you vvill soo horoaf ter, it lins boon pressed on mo to attoinpt tho formation of a great contenary fund for church work; and on thisrantter tho approval of tho synod will bo asked. It is a thing which I boliovo wo can do ; it is a thing in whioh, if wo begin it, we must not fail. Butthoro is a nobler offoving still, which, looking into that celebration, we can make. It is to put away all hindrancos, all divisions, by mutual forbonranco, by a hoarty loyulty to our Churoh, bv a highor unity in tho love of our common Master-(applauso)-so to make peaco-tho peaco, not of dcatluoss to principio and zeal, but oí, a dcop sonso of brothorhood in the communion of saints, nnd in tho onthusiaBin of common work and common prayor, in tho great bnttlo for God and truth. Earnostly do 1 long nnd pray to approach to am ovon largor unity among thoso who call thomsalvoi Chris- tians. May coiniuen religious colobration of tho com- ing centenary draw thom closor togothor, and may the prayor of our Genornl Synod to tho great conference of our own communion at Lambeth in this respeot bo not in vain. But, if wo aro to help in the slighoat dogreo in this greater work, wo must havo already, by God's Mossing, conquerod in tho lessor. Lotus join in this our synod, and in our Church at large, not in mero form, but in a living intonsity of prayor, that " God may keep us in the unity of the Spirit and the bond of poaco ! '' (Loud and continued applauso.) APPOINTMENTS. The President appointed Arohdoacon King as commis* sary, the Rov. A. G. Stoddart was olected clerical secretary to tho synod, and Sir George Long Innes was oloctcd chair« mnn of committees. . ' ' PAPBUS. The President laid on the table tho following paporR :. Determinations of Gonoral Synod, letter from Archbishop of Canterbury with rofcronco to oolonial olorgy officiating ia England, determination of General Synod. PETITION. Tho President announced that ho had rocolvod a p_H tion pioteating against tho olootion of tho roproscntntivos of St. Georgo's, Kogarah, to tho synod. The petition waa ordored to bo referred to tho olootions and qualifications coniinitteo. "SPOUTS. The following reports woro read and ordored to bo printed :-Roport of standing committoo, cathedral ac- counts, statomout of the rccoipts and oxpenditutu of tho clergy widows and orphans' fund. In i-oforence to this dinon Kemmis gavo tho following information : Rccoipts sinco formation of fund, £17,418 los. 7d. ; flxod doposit and interest accrued now amounts to £14,238 Ha. 7d. ; pensions sinco formation of fund, £.723 2s. Id.; pen« sions for past year, £3f>8 7s. ; income for past year olorgy, £207 10s., parishes, £230 9s. ; ponsions irrospoo tivo of clorgy, £o0 10s. 'Id. ; subscriptions, £30 19s. 3d. ¡ interest, £707 10s. lOd. : total, £1238 13s. 2d. 'Roport of tho trustoos of tho superannuation fund, roport of tho Principal of Mooro Collogo, Mooro's Estate accounts, St. Philip's globo account, St. James's glebe account, Ryde glebo account, St. John's Parramatta, globo account, St. Mnrk'B globo account, Pyrmont ondowmont account, Burton scholarship account, roport of tho Churoh Socioty, including roport of tho church endowment fund, roport of tho Diocesan Educational and Book Society, roport of the Church of England Mission to Seamen, roport of the Lay Readers' Association, report of the Association of Lay llolpors of the diocuso of Sydnoy, roport of diocesan cor- responding committoo of the Australasian Board of Missions, report of tho Church of England Sunday School Institute fer tho diocoso of Sydnoy, roport of tho church buildings loan fund ; roport of Church of England Pro- perty Trust, diocoso of Sydnoy ; roport of committoo on tho subject of religious instruction in Public schools, roport from the committoo on tho subjoct of procuring sites for churchos and mission-rooms in the diocoso, roport of the committoo ns to plan by which additional candidates for holy orders may bo obtained ; report of committee appointed to confor with tho committee of the , Sundny School Institute with rol'orcuco to tho stato of Sunday sohools in the dioceso ; report of the counoil oí the King's School, and list of parochial nominators under tho " Presentation Ordinance of 1870." G "ii "RAL JlUSINP.tiB. Archdeacon Kino moved for lonvc to bring in an ordi nance to amend tho Presentation Ordinance of 1887. Loavo was granted, and tho ordinanco was brought in and read tho first timo. Archdeacon Kino moved for loavo to bring in an ordi- . nance to uccopt Determination No. 1 of tho Gonornl Synod, Session 1880. Leave was granted, and tho ordinanco was brought in and read tho first time. Tho Rev. A. W. Pain moved for loavo to bring in an ordinance to accopt Determination No. 2 of tho General Synod of 18S6. Louvo was granted, and the ordinance was brought in and read tho first timo. Mr. J. Vickkry moved for lenvo to introduco a rule of S nod to repeal the rulo of synod passed on tho 14th ocombcr, 1880, also on the 23rd August, 1807, with the view of introducing rulos to make furthor provision for fill- ing vacancies of synod. Loavo was granted, and the rulos woro brought in and road the first timo. Mr. J. Plummeii movod for leavo to bring in an order to extend tho objects of tho Church Socioty, so that pro- vision might bo mudo for a pension for aged and infirm clorgy. Leave was grunted, and tho oidor waB brought ia and read tho first timo. Tho Rov. J. D. Langley moved for loavo to bring in a rulo to enable tho gonoral committee of the Church Socioty to nui end tho objects and rules of parochial or distriot associations. Loavo was granted, and the bill was brought in and read the first timo. Tho Rev. S. H. Childe moved for tho assent of the synod to tho formation of tho new parish of St. Augustine. Noutral Bay. Tho motion was secondod by Mr. T. A. Dnins, nnd was ngrecd to. Tho Rov. G. Brown movod for tho nssont of tho synod to tho formation of tho now parish of St. Mary's, South Creek. ' The motion was ngreod to. The Roy. A. W. Pain moved,-" That Mr. John Kent bo eloctcd a member of the cominitteo on religious instruc- tion in Public schools." Tho motion was agreed to. Mr. Vicker, moved,-«« That the Rov. William Hough and Mr. H. E. A. Allon bo elected trustoos of tho Clorgy Superannuation Fund." Tho motion was agrood to. Mr. Knox moved,-«' That Messrs. E. Hargrave, T. A. Dibbs, and R. Hills bo olected trustoos of tho Clorgy Widows' and Orphans' Fund." Tho motion wus agreed to. Cunoni Kino movod,-" That Messrs. S. A. Stephen and 1\. A. Dibbs bo olected trustoos under tho Church of Eng- land Irust Property Incorporation Act, 1831." Tho motion was agreed to. Tho Rov. J. D. Langley movod,-" That all montos received by the Church Socioty for tho Eudowmont of lariBhes shall, subject to tho consout of tho logally con- stituted trustees, bo placed in tho hands of tho Church of England Property TruBt Dioceso of Sydnoy for investment, i Vi" u">mtorost arising from such investment shall bo paid to tlio Church Society by the trustees, nnd shall bo ex- pended by (lie society us tho donors may havo directed." The motion was agrood to. Tho Rov. G. Brown movod for leavo to bring in an ordinanco to enablo tho trustees to soil cortain land situate in Henry-street, Penrith. Loavo was granted, and the ordinanco was brought in and road tho first time. Iho Rov. J. Barnier moved for loavo to bring in an ordinnnco to enable tho trustees to soil cortain land situate in Golden Grovo, Darlington. _cavo was granted, and tho ordinanco was brought in and road tho first timo. Ihottov.-.B.Bo-vok moved for leavo to bring in an ordinanco to enable tho trustees to loaso certain land in Itegent-Btroot, Sydnoy. Leavo was granted, and the ordi- nance was brought in and read tho first timo. T¡^1t^' . ' BoIOB moved f« leave to introduce an ordinance to increase tho number of laymen in the chapter of St. Andrew's Cathedral. Loavo was granted, and «hi ordinance was brought in and road the first timo. Canon Kino m moving,-» That the question of the expodienoy of the amendment or repeal ¿t the Church Act bo brought before ¡ho now Provincial Synod," said that tho matter had been before crevious synods, ¿d had practically boen assented to. It was merely a formal ¿o The motion having boon seconded, Mr. Foster pointed out that it was deservintr of vorv great consideration, and movod that tho debate bo _7. journod, which was agreed to. ««-»le i» aa ADJOURNMENT. thUafternir09 Fa8t " th0 "yn0(1 adíouTa «U 4 o'clock iv»JES\ ? l ?,astl wns hoard at Newcastí» Cfc!"8!1^'3 re?inlIy! beforo Mr- J««««» Mathew. A Wn^S? . U« awe?.m a reP°rt wbioh appeared in that paper. ¿tarroll, in tho police court, was orderoi to pay some money, failing which to undergo 28 dnys' imprisonment. He de- clared ho could not pay, and was removed ia custody to «he polico court cells provious to being takon to gaol. Bofoi» his romoval to gaol with the othor prisoners the money wea paid for him, and he was roloasod. The alleged libel con- sisted in the line at the end of the roport in the Jjcad*r that "defendant went to gaol for 28 days." After plaintiff'« oase had been opened, the jury stopped tho case, and a verdiot was rocordod in favour of the Leader, with wats. ' W__m' mi» Bamav.-If groT, rostores to original coloi«. An elegant droBilng, «often» and beautifies. Ko oil or grease, A \ ton lo restorative Stops noir coming out, strengthens, elf heals «colji.-[Advt.] 