The Yanyarrie Oh oat. It Will be remembered ttiat after the expose of the ghost business by car Carrie ton correspondent so tne weeks ago the "haunted child" was removed to Blackrock/and' that the rapping demonstrations were repeated there, and the fame «f; the •« ghost" still further .fcpread n abroad. Mr Kir%am Evans, of Adelaide, has taken sufficient interest in the matter to makto a special visit-to Blackrock for the purpose of investigating the affair, and has forwarded to the Raster the following account of his visit:—Arriving there (Blackrock),late in the afternoon I mademy way at once to the disturbed home, and received/a kindly reception from Mr Bodeghiere, who said that Mr J. A. Jones, the resident schoolmaster, wowMMke of me. If I bad wanted any assistance a better man could scarcely 'have been found. He said he had"btsen fexperimenting with the child, and although he had not come to a decision, he sawnothiug to warrant the' supposition that the girl was possessed of supernatural powers. Armed with a small tin of flour, some blacklead, string, an electro-magnet, a bottle of strongsmelling salts, a thermometer, &c.;, we again made our way over to the 6tore. It waB getting late, and a large number of Visitors were waiting to obtain a glimpse of thci ; child, or for an opportunity for looking into the matter themselves. Some had travelled very long distances, but we decided it wonld be unwise to admit any of them, with two exceptions, the Rev. J. Hancock of Port Augusta, and Mr A. Heally of Blackrock. We saw Sissy, a plain looking child of 9 years, but tall for her age, at times full of life and activity, bold and fearless, simple in manner, but upon entering into conversation with her showed remarkable cunning, suggestive of " I know you ; you are laughing in your sleeve," a .remark which, by-the way, we once heard her make. After a few preliminary preparations, we entered the ohild's bedroom at the back of the store, and from a ha6ty glance I was ooarinced that there was nothing of a suspicious character; one or two boxes and a few sundries were all to be seen. In one corner of the room, on a pug floor, the bed was arranged, consisting of a mattreBS and the usual bedclothes. Before calling in the girl, or rather when in the store, I ascertained from the father that the only manifestations that had ever been witnessed at any of the stances were the knocks and the electric shocks. It is important that this should be remembered, being the sum total of all the excitement, it simplifies our researches. In one account it is stated that the spirit of the mother would appear to Mr Schultz at 12 o'clock at night, but as he informed me it did not appear, no importance can be attached to this. We decided before enteriug the bouse, first to find out by experiment if the girl was really in a state of catalepsy, or shamming sleep ; secondly to find out how the raps were made. Having stated our chief objects, I will now proceed to describe the seance, and will then give the result of the experiments, and the reasons which caused us to believe the child to fee a trickster. Sissy ran into the room lull of excitement and expressed her willingness to retire. She was undressed and put in the bed made up on the pug floor. It was a double one, and when the child lay in the middle with her arms stretched out, she could not reach over to the floor, but by rolling over to her left side she could easily tap the floor with her finger6, under cover of the bedclothes, and in this way unseen. Strange 1 very strange I the child had not shown the slightest 6ign of sleepiness, and yet in one minute and a half she appeared to be in a deep slumber, notwithstanding the talking going on in the room, and refused to answer when spoken to. Byand-by she commenced to roll her head about and breathe heavily, the father immediately ejaculating, " It's coming ; put out the light." We failed to see why this should be done, but, wishing to give the " spirit" every chance, complied. As this was being done I noticed the child turned over on her left side, away from us facing the wall, and stretched out her left arm under the clothes. Presently very faint raps were heard, questions put of an ordinary nature, and raps received in reply, no question being asked but what any in the room might have answered correctly or made » good guess at, nevertheless the "spirit" was not always correct. The raps exactly resembled the tapping of one's fingers on the pug floor ; in fact once or twice 1 tapped with my own finger, and rapped out the replies ; these were not distinguished from the others. Undoubtedly the child was producing the raps. Although the lights were out, the moon shone through the window just sufficiently to enable us to recognise her form, and no raps occurred except when she was lying in the position already described, the only position, in fact, she could produce them without fear of detection (The night previous a hammock had been improvised and the girl placed in it, but no raps occurred). A box was now placed near the girl on the bed, but as one end had been blackleaded, she was too cunning to rap upon this Having convinced ourselves that the raps were made by the girl, we next pro ceeded to try by experiment if she really was asleep or shamming. I should mention that before this, when the girl was awake, Mr Jones gave her several strong doses of ammonia, and thus caused her to dread the bottle. Relighting the candle, this was brought out. We remarked, in the hearing of the child, it would be better to rub the bottle well and make it extra strong. Immediately this was said, before we had any opportunity of applying it, she covered her face with her arm. Later on we really did apply the bottle, and she quickly buried her head. Another time we touched her nose gently with the end of the thermometer, and just as quickly she again buried her head. At the same time no amount of shouting or Bhaking had any effect. Presently she threw her arms behind, then she drew them in—shaking her hands violently—a very pretty piece of acting. Probably the girl was practising this when one of your correspondents said he felt the electric shocks. No person in Blackrock, as far as I could ascertain, ever felt any, and certainly on this occasion we were not favored. We had an electro-magnet to test this, but from questions asked we concluded the electrical idea was only an imaginary poo, and thus there was no need to try Your correspondent might perhaps have used the words " nervous shoqks"i*» : ofe correctly. Signs of ljeavy breat|iing- reappeared, and we ffeije again "informed that tW knocks were coming. Mr Jones lay 'down between the girl and the wall. I lay (the other side—but no more raps. Thfe father told ns they would not come while we were on the bed. I We tried other experiments by making suggestions, and were perfectly successful. These Alone would have convinced as of the inrad^ Mr Jones wais the origraator tf this, and as I left him to try further experiments, no doubt, if necessary, they will be described in his report. At the conclusion of the seance we expressed our regret that the raps were not more distinct, but tht father said if I would stay another evening he would lay her on a boarded floor,, iand they would then be much louder. I agreed with him that they would, but did not think it necessary to wagte more time. The temperature of the-child's body before going to bed was 87deg., during the performance 94 deg. ; pulse regular. Next morning the following document was drawn up and signed:—"We agree from the observations of Wednesday, June 1—1. That the child is awake or semi-conscious, and we believe she shams sleep. 2. She produces the raps herself with her hand on any available object, this including her own body. 3. The raps could be easily simulated. 4. That she is open to suggestions. 5. From the observations we made on this particular night, we don't feel justified in imputing t« any person in the room the charge of collusion with the girl.— W. H. JONES, KIRKHAM EVANS, Blackrock, June 2, 1887." As stated before, tho Blackrock correspondent whose reports have appeared in the newspapers (I believe the only reports ever sent from Blackrock) was present, and aB the result of an interview afterwards, the following was prepared :—" Mr Heally stated that he had never at any of the previous seances witnessed anything mors extraordinary than that witnessed by him in our presence on the evening of June 1.— W. H JONES., K. EVANB, Blackrock, June 2, 1885." [The hypothesis that the girl is wholly and solely responsible for the swindle, does not however, cover the whole ground, for it will be remembered that when the rapping manifestations were first reported upon by M.C. Mitchell, the girl was not in the "haunted house" at Yanyarrie, its only occupants,in addition to the investigators, being two lads.— ED. JP.A.D.] Thursday's Register announces that the police have laid informations against the members of the Hamdorf family, under the 63rd clause of the Police Act, for attempting to impose upon Mountedconstables Thomas and Shegog and other persons, by pretending to hold a conversation with the spirit of a deceased person by means of mysterious knocking, upon their leasehold premises in the Hundred of Moockra, in order to depreciate the value of the land, which being held under lease from the Crown had become liable to forfeiture. The cases will be heard before local Justices at Hammond on the 15th inst. Subsection 4 of the clause under which the information i6 laid, states that " every person pretending to tell fortunes, or using any subtle craft, means, or device, by palmistry or otherwise, to deceive and impose upon any of Her Majet-ty's subjects" " shall be liable to imprisonment in any gaol in the said province, with or without hard labor, for any time not exceeding three calendar months." 