VICTORIA RACING CLUB SUMMER I MEETING. ? SATURDAY, JAN. 1. Stewards - Messrs. C. B, Fisher u Leonard, S. Miller, A. W. Robertson aM J. Wlrittingham. Judge-Mr. R. s. Wl ley. Starter-Mr. G. Watson. Handicap -Mr. K. T. Barnard. Clerk of the CkK -Mr. r. Johnson. Timekeeper-Mr r Gaunt. Secretary-Mr. H. Byrou Moore' Beautiful weather and a first-class >>ro gramme failed to attract more than 20000 people to Fleminpton on the first day of the new year. Still the receipts we're in excess of the previous year, and as there was smnle elbow- room, those who were fortunate enough to be present enjoyed the Bport in absolute comfort The recent hot weather had deprived the grass on the inner portion of the course of some ot it? greenness, but inside the en closure, where there is a plentiful supply of water, everything was bright and fresh the English trees and conch grass having thriven in a remarkable manner. The racing track though a little-uneven in some parts, was in pretty fair order, and the separation ot the rail from the picket tence was voted a decided improvement both by owners and Jockeys. The recently-introducad rnle to prevent the spectators on the flat invading the home stretch was strictly carried out, and its cfficacy was patent to everybody, for instead of the straight being strewn with cards and papers after the racing had closed, it was Bluiost as clean atid trim as when the racing commenced. Iiis Excellency the Governor arrived on the course nearly half an honr before the first race, and during the day took a lively interest in the proceedings. There was a goodly attendance of ladies, who promenaded the lawn during the intervals, wuich were relieved ot all monotony by the charming music played by Signor Zelman'e band. A race of six furlongs is always popular with owners of horses, because speedy animals predominate, and there is a much bet ter chance of backing their representatives at a long price than over a long course which so few horses can get to the end of successfully. It was not considered a vise move, however, to place the St&ndish; Handi cap first on the card-a mistake which the framers of the programme Confessed to, bat not being discovered until after the entries it was not considered advisable to make any alteration, except to make the hour for start ing 1 o'clock instead of half-past 12, and aU in good time the jockeys were summoned to weigh for the opening event, and 21 answered. As we strolled round the paddock one of the first horses we recognised was Coro net, the hero of a Newmarket Handicap, who bad been transferred to" iJallarat, and the bright bay son ot St Albans was looking a« well as ever we Bfw him. Ilia companion Sheet Anchor also looked bloom ing, but though age has had the reverse of a withering effect apod bim, it has not im proved, his speed, and lew fancied bis chance. Don Giovan struck us aB big and above him self, and though he bad once beaten audi a .ber as William Tell, the fact of all the stable money going on to Hogmanay (appro priate name for New Year time) was another reason why the public ahonld ignore him upon this occasion. The Ghost, whose questionable' shape has sained tor him the name of being the ugliest horse in training, was as fit as we bars ever seen him, though his chance was not improved by -Williams having to scale Slh. overweight; still then were many of the Oilulfield dU'iaion who regarded his prospects of^Shccess with favour. More, however, fancied Kofctl notwithstanding that be had to pat ud a 7IU. penalty for winning the Summer Cap at CaulfielcL Foulsham bad ins horse inblooming form, and another fro® ; the same district was Pocahontas, who had* small but select body ot supporters. Seditua i had evidently been treated to a twey careful preparation, and she had the confidence ol her owner and tcaineiv who fiwded P* sessed an outside chance. Mads Ionise, sister to the ^ueen of tht tnrf, Sortense, suf fered by comparison with her grand-looking sister, but Mr. Gook had the lltue one iatire form, and Quintin Mataep had .videntiy. t®* coteredTrom hia ^Section, J&* fnnch aa be»«a«aUiing abeat as ina'jSTed ontsiSetheii ownerandtt^nerlooke sangumlB .a* whet) Ai heroine of the Ncirtni beit jhe . w« money, pi thegueofthel ve motwly favourable BeHwnya to the post in ihoi despite the*«p< at commencing, «iy misgivings Heaps ofmonSy bnt it diddat " 'fell, for the , have a fair ton the odds ;«t ~ * not favourite, respectaWa-looklri, in much demand, «®d a pretty stron; bim over, bat T," . ,and nobody * Maroner was looki ft) "m. V'-WiifV* * Ketort was friendless-a not apply to StraV - "" od d^r ©Fatten* ataongot f ft« they came winning ' - £I» * y were not» , Mini 1W tHandin^*1' ©tfe#' iojig#aiaiuP*:. \- W»tt nt lion* «ld OS?®.* 42*" % ' nMa steadied his howe, and won with some V _ in han(i. The time wns exceptionally fast being only Inn. 15?a., and nothing but a horse of the most brilliant speed could have wonns WilliamTel1 won. The winner, it willbe bered. was leased from his owner by Mr. «: Miller who has now won the Oakleigh Han a'icJp Newmarket Handicap and Standish uonVlican with him. A field of seven was Su^ed for the Normanby Stakes, and when business opened odds of 5 to 4 were E d on Hortense, who was lookup remark ably well, but the support awarded to Es nnlJheon was pretty consistent, and even fnoney waslaid against the South Australian my ere She left tlie paddock. We thought 'VJ.La nil the better for the gallop or two abe had been treated to since the Cau field meeting, and so was Escutcheon. who, how "ver lacked the great size of Hortense. liVdouin. who is crowing into a nice colt, was backed, and even though Perhaps was meet ;n<r Hortense on nearly equal terms, some of "er infatuated friends invested some money itilher favour. Lord Allen made his first "p earance in good company at Flera.nston bu nobleman though he is-his name should " Ullin-he is not yet up to the quality of Hortense, who had the race at ber mercy JvnnT«Sie distance. The winner was bred in Sh Australia by Sir Thomas Elder, and has been leased for her racing career to Mr. ' l Hacdonald, who has won with her the V AT c Foal stakes, Maribyrnong Plate, viving Stakes, and Nonnanby StakeB, not a bad record with only half the season nver The bookmakers fared no better in li e nurdle Kace, for Blue Mountain was in grand form, and with Scobie m the saddle it was considered good enough to accept 6 to 4, and before they left the pad dock the ring held out for 5 to 4 on. The Uallarat horse, made no mistoke. waa m a forward position al the way, and won with ridiculous ease. The telegraph-board an bounced a field of 21 forthe prmapaleventof the day, the Iia«ot Handicap, sad favouritism seemed to be pretty equally divided between ^herinine and All Gold, both of whom were lookinK fit and well, the latter especially. Commotion, although a trifle light perhaps, was in capital trim,the only doubt being as to whether he would break down or not during the race. Ballarat was represented by Britisher and Recall, both in capital form.nnd the Kingston stable sent two good performers in Meteor and The Nun. Camerineand Har vester made most of the running to the bndge near the mile post, where they were enveloped jn a cloud of dust, but previous to reaching this point Commotion, on going up between two horses, was knocked on to the rail, and injured his near shoulder so badly that he at once stopped and his jockey dismounted. After the field emerged from the dust The Levite took up the running, and Harvester, All Gold, Metal, and others were in close at tendance. The Levite retired at the turn, where quite a dozen rounded into the home stretch almost in line, stretching out half away across the course, and nothing ap peared more dangerous than Duration and Grace Darling, until All Gold and Recall ran to the front, and the former always having a little the best of it, won cleverly, the crack light-weight Gorry being received with cheers as he returned to the weighing enclosure. All Gold was bred in the Wajtga district by Mr. M. H. Devlin, and last year was purchased by one of our most popular jockeys, T. Hales, who rode him and won a couple of races on him at Yerong Creek, previous to which he had won the WagM Derby -with him, but he ran in Mr. R. Cox's name at Wagsra. More than once he has performed respectably at Flemington, and finding he had a real good colt( Morrison reserved mm for the big prize which he won on New Year's Day. Seven numbers were hoisted on the board for the Steeplechase, and Lady Aahton, Contingent, Lizette, and Curiosity were all supported. To the astonishment of every body, one of the first of the competitors to make a mistake was the horse which was considered the safest, Curiosity, Sales man having previously baulked, and Lady Ashton came down in front of the stand, and .rolling over pinned M'Leod's right leg to the ground. Some seconds expirea before the jockey could extricate himselt, and when. he did the leaders bad got so far away that pursuit was hopeless except in the expecta tion of afalL M'Leodset his mare going, bat Lizette never made a mistake, and won as she pleased. Letitta, who finished third, missed several fences. Some fan was caused by Curiosity, who was mounted by a bystander, and near the log fence be attempted to jump into the «ttaishtt and by some marvellous means alighted be tween the fence and the rail, shooting his rider over his head into the straight For the Criterion Stakes everybody selected Es cutcheon as the best thing of the day, and bo it proved, for the New Zealand er never' gave those who laid odds on him an; cause for alarm. Escutcheon is a small, bnt vety symmetrically-shaped son of the celebrated Musket and the imported mare Itosefcte, He was bred by the New Zealand Stud Company^ and at the annual sale was sold to lii« pre sent owner, Mr. Mitchelson, for 475 guineas. He is engaged in the Ascotvale StakeB, Sires' Produce Stakes, Foal Stakes, Derby/arid St Leger; also the A.J.C. Champagne Stakes, but not the AJ.C. Derby. The following aria the details: THE STAKDQpf HANDICAP, 01-5 BOVE each., with 300. .oddod. Second,.109 sore. Xhr«Hjo»rt«r» qf Mr. 8. Miller's ciih WUlIam Tell, by Kettledrum -nora« vr*,9st,flb.<Oldg) .» *' :.k -1'' Mr. s. Uamu'a b g Hoffman*?, 0 J're, Sat lib. » (Power) .. . . .T>Tu ' ' .. t' Mr. H. Hunt's U e Kohai, 4 yifc-74. «ta.,«n cludtnprib. pewdt? <TrtJ>b»t) r r!?. « V<4£GP * * B. ? paun's oh h Quia tin Mftttm, tM,1 o .. »h h Qolatlo tyatsm, I 8st Ub.(Itfnjy)-. t A 6 Mr. J.a,Edd'*ch g Tits Gfccct, «s*d,yifclltb..1 m Wb'ttli)gluua'i b nXamtoe, - °o Mr. - - . - - - - J ^ - . * 51b., Mr. IhOi\nbOQH)' '-wik4 ' * '.. Sir W., J. cWkf'a brc -T n,n or'hro B ,0'Opaior)" r " *«7 elowty. Approaching tbe tan SHS i? ^°P.*n^ Lou1* were clearly in irpnt ot two line, whioh now, however, was broken up. Crowing the tan Sodition, fit Louis, and The Ghost were the foremost: but passing the turn William Tell « T t Au° Ir0,nt ,rom. kmon«8t the Inside division, ..fil Shot »'8o coming out on the right hand. At the distance the horses were spread In heaps on rfcht andlleft of the course, William Tell, Hogmanay, and Harvester all being well in front, while Kohal in a few strides, shot away from the others, and monicn tarily looked dangerous. Inside the half distance, however, thero was only one in it, and that William Tell, who drew out and won easily by a length from a JMn* thlrd- haU a lenfr"! behind the second, with Harvester a head off fourth, c Ui«u" 6ftb. Coronet sixth, Menotti seventh, Sedition and Sheet Anchor next, and the two last were Louise Berta and Maroondoh, the latter walking in. Time, lm. 15}«. * ,ft T[1E NOHMANBT STAKES," Of IOBOVB. each. with 400 added. For 2 vrs old. Second, 60 B0V6.; and third, 26 sovs. Five iur longs. Mr. C.U Macdonald's br f Bortcnse, by Ganc For* ward-Josephine. 9st. 71b., including lilb. penalty (Campbell) .. .. j Mr. E. Mltchclson's b o Escutcheon," "by Musket^ Rosette, 8st. 101b. (Ivimy) .... 2 Hon. W. Pearson's br c Bedouin, by Daniwell Black Gipsy, 8gt 101b. (Wood) .. 3 Mr. J. H. Hill's b f Perhaps, by Gang Forward (Quim^ 6' " lnc,udiDB 1°lb- Penalty n" 0 ^'"'eni by Napoleon Talkative, 8st 101b. (O'Brien) 0 Mr. S. Gardiner's br c Loyalist, by The Marquis Loyal Peeress, 8st. 101b. (Gaghan).. .. .. o M*iSi" 9' C^k'e bt yedertafeT, by the Drummer Melody, 8st. 71b. (Power) .... 0 Trained by C. L. Macdonald. Betting.-Even and 6 to 4 on Hortcnse, S to I aest Escutcheon, 6 to 1 agst Bedouin, 8 to 1 agst Licder tafcl. Liedcrtafel and Perhaps were first awav, but ffor tense assumed command so soon as they had set l?d down to their work, the two fic8t»namea being next most prominent. Crossing the tan track the favourite, Perhaps, and Loyalist were almost in a line, the latter of whom soon died away, Escutcheon at the catne time making a forward move &s; they passed the ,"or^ePBC cara® ^ony to the distance, pursued by Perhaps, Lord Allen, Escutcheon, and Bedouin: whilst at the half-distance Lord Allen was the attendant on the favourite, only to drop behind, however, when Escutcheon took his place; but the New Zealander could never overhaul the Adelaide filly, who at last won very easily by a length, Bedouin finishing third, on tbe girths of Escutcheon. Perhaps was fourth, passing Lord Allen on the post, with Uedertafel next, and Loyalist whipper-in. Time lm. 4£& rr ' PEDIGREE OF THE WINNER The Baron Pocahontas Birdcatcher Echidna Glenooe Marpessa Orlando Splitvote Touchstone Vulture Beadsman Madame Eglantine ObevaQer d'Ind nitric Abbess of Ooverham Sir Hercules Guiccioli Economist Miss Pratt Sultan Trampoline Muley CUre Camel Banter Langar Kite St. Luke Eicctrcss Bedlamite Eliza Leeds Weatherbit Mendicant Cowl Diversion Orlando Industry Augur Abbess of Jernnx Election Stamford mare Sheet Anchor Miss Letty Touchstone Lady Moore Carew Bay Middleton Crucifix Defence Folly Tooohstone Vulture Priam Aracfane Bird catcher Nickname Gladiator Hornsea mare HURDLE BACK, Of 5 SOVB. each, with 200 added ; second, CO 60vs. About two milks. Mr. J. Scobie'a bl h Bine Mountain, byCroagh Patrick-Mountain Maid, 6 yrs, list. 31b. (Owner) 1 Mr. J. B. Gill's b or br g Whalebone, aged, est (WHliama) 2 Hr. TJaaers b «r Goodwood, aged, 9st 01b., in cluding 71b. penalty (Anderson) .. ..3 Hon. W. A. Long's ch h The Agent, aged, 12st 61b. (Conlgan) 0 Mr. H. Connolly as bo Bonnie Lad,- 4 yrs, lQst (Gardiner) 0 Mr. N. Milne's br g Revenjre, aged, 9st 121b. (Batty) .. .. .. .. .. .. -. 0 Mr. A. Danes'* oh g Louis. 5 yre, Dst. 61b. (D. O'Brien).. 0 Hr. M. P. Whitty'a b m Uoolgal, fi yrs, (tet. 41b. (H'Leod) 0 Trained by J. Soobie. Betting.-6 to 4 on Bine Mountain, 4 to 1 agst Goodwood, 6 to 1 agst Bonnie Lad, 7"to I agst The Agent and Bevonge. Louis and the faroorite Jumped off in front, fol lowed by Haven (reand Bonnie Lad, Moolgai brincing np tbe tear. Whalebone showed the way over the firtt hurdle,-succeeded by-Bonnie Lad, Bine Mountain. Loutau Bftveiige, and The Aeent faroarite led into tbe straight, at a alow pace, and over the first hurdle, 43oem»uid and Look being almost In aline with him, then Tbe Agent, and Moolgai last Tho orxier w»a tab&.ilwsame over the sbMI fepittle, whilst .Wbalabone momentarily was in front is they left theMnigbt, succeeding him belng Bonqie Lad, then tho Arent and L00U, Blue Weontaln hiVlajf dteppsd to the extreme rear. Banning along <Bto river baok Bonn»a Ud wiw 4i« .ieader, witfeltie favourite again moving tip to his horses, whilst pata ing the bridge WhaW>6n» was tho attendant on Btibnie Lad.- Along the-for ride of-the oounHNite itountefn'fcad laaramed command, wen ia -front ^if Tbe Agent «nd liennie Uid, tools and Goedliwid doming next, then fievenge, and Moolgal Still sterti-' dbiutr. Aaalng Ibe^battolrt Bonnie Lad and Uj# Yaronrite teM «ktw lengtbt ia ftont of Lbnfi Whakbrocc ^l THe i^nt Wler nuiatainM^ ai they ihcMid ttiwh.- At Jhe bend for tb« bome troi Sottnie Utd and Blae 4ieB«lant ?S onoebaa Us fteldbw^.iBfiJiyaiswfnaiay and Winning in a dbiter. iyr:* IpngWuand a half from vWhalebM^iOoodvpod. Serenge Booote. LadJn k4&> njahomn. <»klng ?third jjJaoe. » bead behind we setwjuL Bavenc& Bonnie tad, Tbe AnnV and Louis flnMted in tbat order. wad Mo^gaf was last Alt the way. Time, 4m. t(i TBI BAQOT BAKDICAP, Of 10tors, each, with 1,000 added; second, tOOfova,; \- and thkd, 109 soi* <too mito and A balt swd a 1 furioogt ;v ??? *;i lie, afiattln's oh o AUGold, by Inadd-Oplden yrii*7st. 7ib.,inqludiDg , 7lb. (wsaUjr(BnveT) .. ?? ' .. ^ .. 2 Mk I. Crlppj7s bib Duration, 6 jrs, Sit. ttb. ^ Uw^^l'earsoa'a lii Commotion, "agwl, ?; (WOOd) .» 7 .?<. ii;. .* .« ?? «. ?- ** ** 0 Mr. 8. Hatband bb£ftRUflV6 S^*. Sat llib.{WU« Utmson),, . ; ».. .. Q Mr. i, O. BeU'a tdi.ia 0nce Darting, 6 jr«, 8afc i. v'. .. « Mr. B. a Falklnet'a bl or g h SUrermlne, 8 yn, ? 8si 81b. (tiahan) - . Mr^ M. LougMin's b g ,«£ed, ^it 71b. Mr. ff. D. Robertson's b f The-Nun, 8yra, 7st. Gib. (Fiddesj 0 Mr. 0. L. Macdonald's b h The Levite, aged, 7at lib. (O'Connor).. .. 0 Mr. M. Jacobs'! br b Metal, 6 yrs, Cat 61b. (Rod foarn) 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br o flab o' Silver, 4 yrs. Gst. Sib. (Tomlln) .' 0 Sir. J. Haimeg's br c Harvester, 4 yrs, Gst. (Bence) 0 Mr. 8. Miller's b m Impulse, aged, Oat. <iit. John) .. 0 Mr. S. Gardiner's br o Shark, B yrs, Gst., oarried Gst. 41b. (Caushuid) 0 Trained bv J. Morrison. Betting.-3 to 1 (at first 5 jto 1) 8#st All Gold, 5 to 1 agst Silvcnr.lne, 8 to 1 agst Lord Wilton and The Nun, 10 to X agst Commotion, Grace Darling, Britiahar, Camerine, add Recall, 12 to 1 agst Duration an tl-Claptrap. After one slight break-away, the flag was dropped to averj'Rood start, Bool k a, Recall, and Camerine on the inside, and Lord Wilton on the .same side, being1 quickest to show. Passing the judge's box, the order was Camerine, Ail Gold, Lord Wilton, Harvester, Britisher, The Nun, and Silvermine, with The Levite next most prominent on the outside. Camerine rounded the turn out of the straight, with Harvester at her heels, and the Gceloosr colt assumed the lend along the river bank, followed by the old mare, then Lord Wilton, All Gold, Britisher, and The Nun. Ap proaching the bridge,Harvester's immediate attendant was All Gold,Camerine running next, with Lord Wilton and Duration close up, and the remainder in a com pact mass. In a few strides further Commotion was observed to have stopped, the result of having been completely "Jammed between a couple of horses, and by which his near shoulder was ruptured. Along the far Bide of the course the positions of the leaders were, in the - meantime, little altered, Harvester being well clear of All Gold and Camerine, whilst the colours of Iiecall were next discernible, aojl Boolka, with his stable companion Impulse, next. Streaming ' isst the abattoirs, however, The Levite had gone to ;he front, Harvester running second to him, and succeeding the latter being Britisher, All Gold, Lord Wilton, Itecall, and Duration. At the sheds The Levite was a length clcar of Harvester, who soon after retired, Recall then taking second place, followed by Meteor, Lord Wilton, All Gold, and Britisher, all on pretty equal terms, and Sardius last ot all. The Levite took bis horses down to the home turn and led into the straight on the whip hand of Duration, All Gold lying handy, with Britisher, Meteor, Camerine, and Recall ail in a cluster. Grace Darling on the outside also showed prominently.' The Levite soon beat a retreat, which left Duration with a alight lead of All Gold, the latter, however, going very strongly, and at the distance-post apparently having Duration at his mercy. At the half-distance Recall was brought up with a brilliant run on the whip-hand of All Gold ; but Gorry persevered to the very end on the last-named, and eventually won cleverly by half a length, Duration finishing third a length off the Ballarat colt. Grace Darling, Camerine, and Claptrap were together close up to Duration, with Lord Wilton and Impulse next, and the last four were The Levite, Sardius, Bufus, and Shark. Tiuie, 2m. 53Ja, . STEEPLECHASE, Of 5 sovs. eaoh, with 300 added; second, 50 sovs.; and third, 25 GOVS. About two miles and a half. Mr. S. Martin's b m Lizette, by Hieroglyph, aged, 12st. lib. (Batty) Mr. J. M'Grade's brg Moonlight, aged, 9st 121b. (Allen) Hon. W. Pearson's b tn Lady Ashton, aged, 12st. 31b. "(STLcod) Mr. J. L. Clough's b g Contingent, aged, list. 21b. (Oorrigan) Mr J. M'Donald's b m Letitia, aged, lOst. 111b, (Floyd) Mr. W. A. Menzics' ro g Curiosity, aged, lOst. 61b. (King) Mr. W. S. Cox, jun.'s, b g Salesman, agei, 9st 71b. (Owner) .. .T Trained by T. Jones. Betting.-2 to 1 aest Lady Ashton, 8 to 1 agst Lizette, 5 to 1 agst Curiosity. Lady Ashton went to the front on the fill 'of the flag, attended by Cariosity and Letitia, then Contin gent and Lizette. Passing the abattoirs, Lady Ashton was two lengths in front of Lizette, Curiosity, and Contingent, Moonlight lying last. The order was the same over the obstacle uear the sheds; but the next Jump stopped Salesman, who refused, and thus early was disposed ot Lady Ashton led down to tbe lorn, and over the first fence In the straight, at which Cariosity fell. The order over the second Jump was Lady Ashton, Lizette, Contingent, Letitia and Moon light, and the Gippsland mare was half a score lengths in front of her immediate attendant over the first of the stand treble. The wall, however, stopped tbeleadar, and Lizette thai took command, followed by Contin gent and Moonlight, Lady Ashton, who had been remounted, setting sail in hopeless pursuit Leaving the straight, Lizette drew further and further away from the lew behind her, and along the back of tbe course was SO lengths in front of Moonlight and Con tingent, and, never after being headed, she come in a hundred yards from the first-named, who was fol lowed by Letitia, Contingent, and Lady Ashton. Letitia not having gonqihe course, however, no third was placed. Time, 6m. 181 J. THE CRITERION STAKES, Of 5 EOVB. each, with 160 added. For two-year-olds. Three-quarters of a mile. Ur E. Mitchelson'e br q Escutcheon, by Musket -Rosette, 7at.Slh.(Ivims') .. .. .. .. * Mr. S. Miller's br f Piiigaxa, 7st 21b. (Turner) .. 2 Ur. L. L. Smith's b g Epicurean, gst. XOlb. (O'Brien).. .. 3 Mr. 3. Haines's br o Albert Loddon, 7st 101b. (Brown) .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. 8. Griiuwood'8 br C Ormonde,/" 4ib. (O'Connor) .. .. ' ® Mr. 8. Horsfall's b c St Michael, fist 121b. (Red fcarn) ,. .. .> , .. .. .. .; ® Hon. W. Pearson's b o Citajid, Ost 81b., carried fist. Bib. (Rhodes) ... .. - ® Mr. S. Gardiner's b c Loyalist, Ost. 81b. (M'Caus land) .. .. 0 Trained by W. E. Dakln. , _ . Betting.-5 to 2 on Escutcheon, 0 to 1 agst Epi ourean, 10 to 1 agst any other. Fisg&ra;, Epicurean, and Albert Loddon. in the oeutrc. niftdc play at the start, L#oyalist and Ormonde being last on their feet Crossing the tan Pingora appeared to be Just 'In Iront of Epicurean and Scutcheon, the two latter of whom got on to terms with Mr. Miller's fiily as' they passed the turn, the trio running abreast outride the distance, with Citadel mid Albert Iioddon next, and Loyalist last In a few strides more Escutcheon drew away, and won in a common canter by four length* from Fingara, half a length behind whom was Epicurean. Albert Loddon fourth, St Michael fifth, Citadel next* and the tovo -last were Ormonde and Loyalist Time, lm-SOls Below tffe the aniounte ot Btakes won at the meetipg:-;! !! Kr. 8. Martin First Bagot Handicap . ?- .. .. First Steeplechase . fieooud StandUh Handicap . .. .. 100 ^ltl0 Ur. C.L. M'Don&ld-; : < Mist Korminby Stakes' - n .. 611 Mgi^,StaSdish Handlnap.;- .. .. s - «8 Mr. EL Mitch el'TOO- % FUetCriterJpnStakw, *».: .. .. £202 Second JHiake*. . ». .. 60 Mr. J.(Sooto-" ? ?'.* I'te . 4*. First Hurdle R*09.,.. #. »* *"? Mr. B. Orr- . wil& .. _ Second Bagot Handicap.. *. .> .. .. .. .. w Mr. J. B. Gill ' SecondHardleBace M .... .» W Mr. J. M'Grade Second Steoplfohase " » « .. 60 Hon. W. PaiMon- V' l^ilrd KoSauby SUJcM .> , »» .. » SqIsI .» .. .<? ». J68SM 