News in Brief. Owing to .pressure on our space, we are compelled to hold over" The Australian Natives' Association at Williamstown," " We Three,"' letters. on the " Early Closing 'Question," antd several other important items. The'iMelton Annual Races take place on Saturday, 23rd April. A woman may be as true as steel, but then you know, some steel is so highly tempered. Dr. Anderson announces that his hours of consultation at Yarraville, will be altered after the '1st of Anril. On Tuesday evening, the 29th inst., a valedictory tea-meeting to the Rev. J. Adams, will be held in the Wesleyan church. John Morgan and Co., will offer for sale on Saturday, April and, 26 allotments of land situated in Elizabeth and John streets, North Williamstown. The enmployes of Messrs. D. Munro and Co. ivill hold a picnic to-day, at Mfordialloc. A large. umnber are expected to be present, as the attractions are many and varied. John Blythe, Esq., whose term of office is a Commissioner of the Harbor Trust prpresenting tihe Governor, expired last week, has been re-gazetted to the Is,:ition for another three years. It took six constables to get a drunken fetale cook to the police station. Site had just advertised : " Place wanted by a sober, sweet-tempered cook." Mr. G. lturnting notifies that he has received instructions to sell by public auction, on April 2nd, tweniy-tswo choice allotments of landr adjoining the Yarraville Railway Station. At.the Banco Court on Tuesday, before Mr. lustice Williams; the case Chas. Fittes v. T. W. Lloyd for unlawful distress, was heard. SIts Honor ordered judgment for the defendant with costs. A terrible explosion look place on Wednesday at the bulli coal mine, New South Wales, by which eighty-five men were en tombed, with hut little hope of any of their lives being saved. The. Anniversary Services in connection with. the Church of England, Kor)rroit Creek, will be conducted by the* Rev. II. F. Scott, on Sunday, 3rd April. On the Thursday follow ing, a tea meeting will be held at Dickson's Hall. A railway accident happened recently on the Central Vermont line, United States, resulting in the death of about fifty persons. The accident was caused by a rail breaking, and the train was precipitated over the bridge or. to the ice 70o feet below. On Sunday, April 3rd, the anniversary of the United Methodist Free Church, Yarraville, will be celebrated, and on Tuesday, the 12th, a tea meeting will be held as a farewell to the Rev. 1. B. Johnson, and a welcome to the Rev. R. S. Carson, his successor, " What is this, my son? asked a fond parent. " Your school report of last month said ' Conduct-exemplary.' while for this month it reads-' Conduct-execrable.' What did you do ?" "Just what I did the month before only the master noticed me." In the Herald, of Tuesday evening last, appeared a letter fromn Mr. G. Potter, of Foot - scray,' suggesting the changing of the name of the Great Eastern, which is intended for service to Australia, to the Victoria, as a mark of respect to Iler Majesty, in this her jubilee year. A great strike of men connected with the coil pits of New York, has taken place, and is assuming vast dimensions, fully 60o,ooo men being involved. The object is to get increased wages, but the masters have not conceded anything so far, and a coal famine has been brought albout in consequence. Several lady and gentlemen amateurs of Yarraville, have decided to perform the drama, entitled " Meg's Diversion," in the Yarraville iall, on Monday eveping, April 4th, in aid of the widow of the late Michael McMahon, who was accidentally killed some time ago by being thrown from a horse. The members of the Footscray Private Quadrille Assembly, opeped the season on Wednesday evening, at the Royal lHlgll. Abopt forty couples were present, and a very. pleasant eve inL was spent. From the interest staptayest oy mthe members, tne assembly promises to have a very successful career. In the list of new insolvents appears the following :-Arthur Short, of Footscray, grocer. Causes of insolvency: Having to sell goods at a low price, heavy trade efpenses qnd falling off in hutiness. Liabilities, £3o9 as. 6d. ; assets, £85 r6s.; deficiency, £223 6s. 6d. Mr. Cohen assignee. The Autumn Race Meeting of the MelhRurne Bicycle Club will be Iheld in the Melbourne Cricket Groynd this. qfterpoon. The rmeet ings hitherto held by this club have been very successful, and it is expected this one will te no exception to the rule. The sports will he under the patronage of Hlis Excellency tile ovfrnor. ' Our attention has been called to a cart recently built foe MAr. II. Boss, halker, of Varra ville, by Mr. J. Brooks. The vehicle is well constructed, and reflects great credit on the builder. who is a local tradesman. The paint ing, which is tastefully executedt was in the hands of Mr. C. G. Fmmtnett, of Somerville road, Yarraville. On Thursday evening, a farewell tea meet'pg will be tendered to the Resv. T. S. 11. Woodful, of the Wesleyan church, Yarraville. After tea a public mteeting will lie held, which will be presided over by the Rev. J, Adams, and several other clergymen have promised to attend and give addresses. The choir, under the ccnductorship of Mr. Rowlandls, will render several nmusical selections during the evening. About two o'clock on Saturday afternoon, a horse attached to a hay drlray, standling at the front of Mr. S. Bunting's produce store, Hlopkins street, took fright, and bolted up the street as far as Mr. Nicholls' furniture warehouse, where the vehicle collided with an iron verandah post. The framework on the cart was smashed, and the post knocked dowen, bhit the horse was caught before it could do aiy further damage. Warrnambooland that district had a wonder ful meteor that burst in the air with sounds of music, " like a drum and fie band." Others thought it was a circus :oming'and went out side to see it. But the Wtseldist istrct must not be plertiltedtp mono olisy the meor, for some of our rs'deqsih aye th t thesaw it pn the saine day (Thursday) whle some irreverent iokers say that it rqust have appeared in the ,mmediate yklipiy of thie Rising Sun lIotel. So far, thp suggestiqns of the municipal conference, -respecting the geleeratior of the Queen's jubilee, have taken the fol lowing form-the items to be stubmitted to the several eouncils forapproval, medals to be struek at the mintln holiday proclaimed, new drives to be opened by the Varra and along the beach from Port Melbourne, an Australian crown for presentation to Her Majesty, a statue to:be' erected, and illuminated addresses to be prepared. Something has been said it various time respecting the growth of the Bathurst burr on the unimproved lands in the town, but if any thing is to be done in the way of eradicating that prickly-soil-absorbing-altogether-worthless plant, now is the time to do so, for it is grow to most luxuriantly over all the town, and is nrsfg it Lhoolarmned seeds ready to attachli way. "At the crimial sittings of the Supreme Court 'on Satrdy Mmne Carkson, alias -iLaarepce, was c'ar~eC wits aandoitpg5 her child. O?h he ihp tilt., stooa Ihchild away frot a 4Jrs. ahpr, of"yr, igt who had bee ipfiing it for some litI jqtl" St w·as found the same night nqked sp a park near i'ew, from when?e it was !aken back to Yarraville, where it died soon afterwards. The jury returned a verdict of not gflilly, and the prisoner was discharged. Mr. John Banks had been at a happy party the other night--or morning rather-where wine and wassail flowed so freely that all the cares and memories of the past were washed away, leaving no'hing 'hut a gay frolicsonme spirit in his heart, that' made him laugh at every lamp.post' he passed. So completely had the memory-washing business been done that, after he screwedl out the gas, John forcot the road to bed. In his efforts to reach that haitin of relo:e, he tuambledl a chir or two, sta'rtling hisVife fras. her*slumhe,. " Is that you, John?" eamm s sleepy yoice (fo: the lonlity John had lost. ..' Yes', it'-i' llie)- ins," repid John. i Wer'dwere--(hic)-ye :x-pect -hic)--anyddy else--(hie) ? " .The- Williamstown Racing Club have arranged a good programme of six events for their meeting on Easter Monday, Ith April. Special trains to the course will be run at short intervals, stopping at all intermediate stations en route. Messrs. M. Punshon and Co. announce that they have purchased the business of Messrs. J. Davidson and Co., at the corner of Ballarat and Anderson streets, Yarraville, and intend opening a branch store at that place. The branch will be under the management of Mr. Knowles, who is well and favorably known in connection with the head branch of the firm at Footscray. To-morrow, the RIv. J. B. Johnson of the United Methodist Free Church, Varraville, who is about to leave the district, will preach his farewell sermons. We understand that the reverenl gentlemen, has been very successful, during the time he has been connected withl, the church. A valedlictory tea meeting willbe held of the 12th April. We regret to learn the death of Mr. A. P. Mitchell, our well-known townsman, on Thursday morning, at the early age of forty six. lie leaves a wife and large family of eight to mourn his loss. The deceased has been ailing for some time past, but no fatal results were anticipated as he was taken out for a drive with the Rev. II. F. Scott two days before his death. For many years past he hail held the position of secretary to the Foresters Lodge, and was also secretaryof the Upper Station Railway League. A petition has been numerously signed by residents of Footscray, calling the attention of the Chief Secretary to the disgusting state of the canal that carries the drainage of [lotham, Moonee Ponds, and other places across the West Melbourne swamp, and empties it into the Saltwater river, and running parallel with and alongside of the main road, between Melbourne, Footscray, and the outlying dis tricts. The offensive eflluvia'and festering gases that arise from the putrid mud, are as great a nuisance as exists so near the city and suburbs. The pulpit of the Bible Christian Church, Victoria street, will be occupied to-morrow morning by the Rev. It. IM. C. Fowler for the last time previous to his removal to another sphere of labor. The Rev. F. Masi n, of andhurst, who was appointel by the recent Conference to Prahran, will preach in the evening. We are informed. that the Rev. G. Netherway, alter a retire ment of twelve months through ill health, will resume his labors in the above church, on Sunday, April 3rd. Mr. Long, blacksmith, of Footscray, who is one of those interested in raising the French Barque " Glaneuse," that went ashore some months ago near Queenscliff, had a narrow escape on Thursday while endeavoring to get that vessel off. It seems that the string wind caused a heavy sea. and there was great danger of the anchor chains parting. In addition to this, the party, twelve in all, ran short of supplies or means of getting away, and they remained all night on deck, in momentary fear of going crash broadside on the rocks. Holloway's Pills.-Invalids distracted by indigestion and discouraged in their search for its remedy should make trial of this never failing medicine. A lady, long a martyr to dyspeptic tortures, writes that Holloway's Pills made her feel as if a burden had been taken off her. Her spirits, formerly low, have greatly improved; her capricious appetite has given place to healthy hunger; her dull, sick headache has departed, and gradually so marvellous a change has been effected, that she Is altogether a new creature, and again fit for her duties. These Pills may be administered with safety to the most delicate. They never act harshly, nor do they ever induce weakness ; they rightly direct deranged, and control excessive action. Madame de X, who is thoroughly conversant with modern etiquette, said to her new servant, who had brought a letter in her hand to give to her mistress---" What manners, to he sure I Where ever have you been to service, child ? 'Dont you know that in respectable houses everything is presented on a tray? Mind that in futpre." A few days later Madame heard voices in the anteroom, and rang the bell. '! Whom were you talking to Marie ?" " Please m'm, to ry sister as has come to Paris to seek a place." Very good; I will look aftgr her ; bring her in and present her to me." " pardonne, mum, I wanted to proud." " Not 'actly, Inum, but she won't get on the tray 1' Horses have as much brains in the proper place as a number of residents appear to possess, when such a commodity is wanted. The other day a splendid pair of horses brou,ht a heavy load of bags of ore to the works of Mr. Parker, and while the unloading process was going op, tfe nosebags were dlly made available for the apimals, but from some oversight the reins were not slackened sufl ci. ciently to allow of their heads reaching the ground to get at (he food. But they were equal to theemergency, for one hoisted the bag on to the point of the 'vaggoo-pole where it rested till a mouthful was had, then the other horse quietly shover off the bag from its rnast, and deposited its own. Then '1 turn about was fair play'' and the utmost godl humour prevailed, a mouthllfl apsiece being the order of the day. Cap we say as nmch for opr race qt a public dinner or a free feed? ENTErv.K'AIN.EN, i -On Monday Fycning a novelly in the way of ynlcrIaisnmtenjs will be held in thp Royal Ilall, when n variety company will open, with their original Ghost En'crtainmcnt. The company have just coincluded a suyccssfal season at 1Willimnstown, and intend appraring for three nights in Fo Ispray, previous to opening in Melbourne, BON VOYAGE,- The employes and friends of Mr. William Drayton, of the well-known firm of Drayton brothers, bolt and nut makers, Moore and Gordon streets, Footscray, are about to mark their sense of his many sterling qualities, as a man and an employer of labor, by tendering him a complimentary dinner, at the Royal Hall lodge room, on Wednesday, 3oth March. That gentleman intends taking a tour through the old country, and starts on 1st April. PRESENTATION.-Last night, Mrs. M. Punshon and Mr. John McPhee, of the well known firm of Punshon and Co., grocers, etc., Nicholson street, were made the recipients of two handsome illuminated addresses as tokens of the esteem in which they are held by the employes of' the firm. The addresses which are tastefully executed contain the photos of the employees with the photos of the recipients in the centre. The recipients thanked the donors heartily for the unexpected mark of appreciation , and their health were drunk in bumpers. Tute Lit.HT FA^TgTtCc.--Mr. Smart, the well-knnwnl and- popular professor of calisthenics, anpounesa by adverllsement, that he i" about forming his alternoon and evening classes, which trill be continued during the winter months, at the Ladies College, Cowper street, Intending pupils should leave their names with the principal, Mrs. Musther, at the College, or communicate direct with Mlr. Smart, Hitherto these classes have proved everything that can be desired for the young ones of the district, as they secure sufficient tuition, without the slightest fear of making the acquaintance of undesirable associates. \VATE.-After much vexatious delay, the pipe-laying gang of the Water Department has reached this town, and are now busily engaged reticulating Pilgrim and Charles streett.- As a number df streets;' especially in Yair"'vile, .re iarlpy td uhed of the blessed fuid, ihe'Cllncih hul 'Slee to It, Itlt the men do not'leave the distii'ct lini1' fdill and ample justice is dole ' The 'inatter is one almost entjrely jn the hands of Councillors, as th'y possnes the las of |he streets t 1at will pay .ie r?ije lrd per cen?age, and as the cmne is e i'pgetregle Grgency not'a momnnt should be lfst in sepsng ?l o eveFy thoroughfare has justieip doge to it. VAL?rt.P ToRY.--A farewell tea IpectinS will be tendered to the Rev. J. Adams, of the Wesleyan Church, Footscray, on Tuesday evening, the 29"h inst. The reverend gentle man, during the time he :has been connected with the local church, has proved himself an Lnergetic and able pastor, anl has endeared himself to hIis congregation, as well as making a very favorable impre-saon on'all withwhom he has come in contact. We hope. that Mr. Adams will be as successful in his new sphere of usefulness as he has been in Footscray. The Rev. E. 0 KIree Ahohas been appointed lis..the local chorch, is the pihce of ,Mr. Adan-:, will be pre-ent at the tea merting, and s?eratl otlIr'ministers takie also promised o lend their asslstance. NOVELTV.-A grand Caledonian cake and fancy fair will be held in the Yarraville Hall, commencing on Thursday next, the azst inst., and continuing on the two following days. The proceeds are to be devoted to the funds of the Yarraville Presbyterian Church. A concert will be given each evening, and a number of ladies and gentlemen connected with the church will appear in Highland costume. As the fair is a novelty to the district, a large attendance should be attracted. s + DRAINArs. - Some people have to suffer sorely for the sins and blunders of others, and Mr. Williams, draper, Nicholson street, is one of the unlucky number. It is thirteen years since he built his premises and all went well until the Council bethought itself of making Chambers street, then came the tug, not of war, but of water. Whether the work was badly done or the elaborate science that designed the construction faulty, we know not, but the evil remains, as Mr. Williams alleges that his building is literally soaked with damp. All round the walls inside are quite wet, and in some places the clammy damp rises nearly two feet. It is simply disgraceful that the property of anyone who has been paying high rates for years, should have ii ruined aud rendered almost uninhabitable by such road maLing, and no doubt the ratepayers may yet halve to pay dearly in the shape of heavy damages for the blundering. STArtION REQUIREMENTS.-For a lung time great inconvenience has been felt by the public at the insufficient width ol the east platform on the Williamnstown line, at Foots. cray station, as well as at the platform being so low'as to leave a considerable depth between it and the steps of the carriages. We have repeatedly called attention to these facts, and also that the construction being of wood, was constantly in need of repairs and extension. It is pleasing to notice that the Railway authorities have commenced to extend and widen thle plat form in question, laying down a substantial stone wall in front, and filling in behind with earth. When completed, the work will be about two feet wider than the widest part at present, and also twenty feet longer, and will be covered with gravel until the filling in sets properly, when doubtless asphalt will be laid down. While thelimprovenments are going on, we would again suggest that the nearly useless shelter shed should be turned into a shelter in reality, either from rain or sun, that it be largely extended, have a verandah added, the front part closed in, that a ticket office be ipened on that side of the line, a drinking fountain and closet accommodation provided as on the i.ther side, for it is impossible that with our rapidly increasing passenger traffic, the present rudimentary style of platform accommodation can meet the needs of the thousands who daily travel upon it. The style of stations might suit at plenty of stopping places on the Ballarat line, where perhaps one anti a half passengers per train is the average, but is altogether out of place, at a suburban station of such importance as Footscray. We commend these facts to the consideration of the Commissioners and hope now that a start has been made to see them carried out speedily. It would not be fair to omit to mention that t the thanks of the community are due to Mr. Speight and his colleagues for their doing away with the old three-rail fence in Napier street, which has been the roosting place of hoodlums for many years past but is now replaced by a handsome picket fence not adapted for roosting upon with comfort, so that with the footpath asphalted the full width as recently has been done, ladies can walk up to the station without having their dresses soiled by pools of expectoration, or their sense of hearing polluted with the foul langqage of ; horde of idle loafers that nlade it a tefgqy {fo lm4ies to pass. 