Chapter XXVII. IN THE TOILS. Lily's heart was in her mouth, as people say—it was fluttering like a bird. She stepped out, stumbled oat of the railway carriage among the crowd, looking wildly about her, feeling herself for the moment lost Such a crowd she had never en countered before. She felt herself disappear in it, among the people who were running about after their luggage and those who were calling cabs, and the porters pushing through the throng with big boxes on their shoulders. Lily felt herself lost, as if, whoever might be looking for her, she should never be found any mora It had not occurred to her to prepare for the risk of not meeting her lover. She was quite unaware where to go to, what to do. She had never been in London be fore, or in a crowd, or left by herself to push her way. She was as much disconcerted by Gnding herself alone as if she bad been a duke's daughter instead of a gamekeeper's, and the noise and the bustle frightened her. She looked round helplessly, wistfully, Eutting up the veil which she bad kept over er face during the whole journey. No one was likely to recognise her here—no one except him for whom she was looking, who had not come. Had he not come? Was it possible that some accident could have hap pened and that he was not here? Lily had some ten minutes of this panic and misery. It was the first thing that had gone wrong with her; all the previous part of the jburney had seemed so easy. She had walked to the junction, from whence, as had been arranged between them, the telegram was to be sent, and that avoided all cnrions eyes at the little Melcombe station; and she had been tacky enough to find a second class carriage empty, -where she was left undisturbed all the way. She had not the least idea that Beget was in the same train, and nobody had come near her, except the guard—she nadseeh no familiar face, all had gone perfectly well till now. Her heart beat indeed with a wildly-quickened movement whenever she allowed herself to think. But Lily had enough perception of the necessity of SClt-comm&nd; to avoid thinking as much as was potolble, and to concentrate her mind upon -the banpy meeting at the end of this exciting journey. She figured to herself Stephen appearing at the carriage window almost before the train stopped, and how In a moment all anxiety of hers, all need to act or decide fo£he»elf, would be over. She had nothing in the shape of luggage except thi little basket in which her mother had put the luncheon, the slice of <ake and- the apples, which she had been nasiih to have before the long afternoon was one. Ltijr had slipped into this a very small bundis pi which were aU ihehidbream With her. She held it tightly in her hand as she got out, bewildered by the arrival, by the jnr of the stopping, by the dreadful Bensation of finding herself there blone among the crowd. She did not know how long Bhc stood, pushed about by the other travellers, who knew where they were going, who had nothing to wait for; but it wna long enough to feel herself forsaken, lost, and to realise what it would be to have nowhere to go to, to be thrown upon her own resources in this horrible, great, strange, noisy place. And then in a moment Lily s heart gave a wild leap, and she knew it was not to be so. „ . But the first sensation of tne meeting was not altogether sweet. Instead of Stephen s face at the window, ready, waiting to receive her according to her dream, what really did happen was that Lily felt herself suddenly surrounded bv an arm which drew her close, and felt a hot breath upon her cheek, and a " Here you are at last, little one ! which jarred upon her almost as much as it relieved her. In the railway station, among all these crowds! She started out or bis embrace, freed herself, and threw a hurried glance around her upon the bystanders with instinctive terror, almost before she looked at him. "Oh, Stephen! she said, with a little cry of reproach." " Don't be frightened," he replied, «<>*»£> knows us here, you little goose. I might take you up in my arms and carry you on— nobody would mind. And soj here you are, Lil, mv pet, really here at last. She put her arm timid y through bis. " Oh Stephen, I thought I shouid never find yon !' And what should I have done ? "It was not mv fault, he said. Where is your luggage? Oh, to be sure, you liaven t got any luggage!" He stopped to laugh at this as if it amused him very much, but pressed her nrtn close to his side fi-il the time with a sort of kng which consoled, though it half frightened, Lily. " Why, how are you to get on for to-night?" he went on, still with that laugh. " Must we stop at a shop^ some where and buy you things for to-nighi.' •4Ob. Stephen, don't!" said Lily, with a pang of wounded pride. "Don't? What? Talk of your things, or about what you'll want? Well, well, well leave that all till to-morrow " he saia. His laugh, why should it have offended Lily ? it had never done so before. " Here s our cab, be said, leading her out cf the noise of the station. Lily's heart beat so that it made her faint as he put lier into the hansom, and took his place beside her, so close, with again that sweep of bis arm round her, which seemed to offend her too, though why she could not tell; she had no right to be offended by that clasp. He had held her in his arms in the park when they met there, with not a creature near, and she had not been offended —why should she now ? or find fault with the man who was to be her husband to-morrow, for his fondness? She drew herself away a little—as much as was possible—but she re strained the protests that rose to her lips, and her heart fluttered and beat, and all her pulses seemed to clang in her ears, with an excitement which had pain in it and trouble, | not the sensation of safety and protection and shelter for which ahe had hoped. "Fancy what made me late," he said, "it was not my fault; as I came hurrying along looking out for my little Lil, who do you suppose I saw jamping out of a carriage ana he bsw me, too, worse luck! and and be Baw me, too, worse mc*: •»"« thought, the fool, I had come to meet him ? You couldn't guess if you were to try till ChristtuaB. Why, Lily, my pet, rny brother Roger! Think what a fright I was in for a moment; for, though you never would own to it, / know he was always hanging about the place, and if you could have had the eldest son, my little Lil, I daresay you tl never have thought twice of me." "Oh, Stephen !" she crisd, with a choking sensation in her throat, "oh, don't, don t. lie held her close as in a vice, and laughed and delivered these remarks with his lips close to her cheek. He was excited, too, but the banter which had 6eemed to her so Bprightly and delightful at Melcombe seemed at this tremendous moment so out of place, bo dreadful to listen to; and then ltoger !— vf he but knew ! . Yes—you didn't know he was in the same train, did you? Had he turned up a little sooner you'd have thrown me off at the last moment, wouldn't yon, Lily ? But Roger is one of the prudent ones, my dear. No chance for you there. "Catch bim offending the pater and losing his chance for all the girls in the world! He is not that sort He is not a fool in love like me." " Please, Stephen ! Oh, please, Stephen !" He held her so close that she felt half suffo cated, terrified—bis arm round her like iron. Oh, and to bear all that of Mr. Roger, who had said such beautiful things to her, who bad suffered she knew not what for her, who had come boldly and told her mother that he wanted Lily for his wife! _ All at once there sprang up in Lily's frightened sonl a consciousness that she dared not say this to Stephen as things now were. She had been very hold with him, and Baid what she pleased while she had her home within reach, and had still full power over herself. But now! Now that she was at the height of all her dreams bad pointed to, on the eve of her weddiug day, about to marry a gentleman—and not a gentleman only, a npionriid officer, the flower of the world—now that she was about to step into another sphere, to leave her own humbleness'and ob scurity behind for ever. Confosedly Lily was conscious of all this grandeur shining before her—only one other step to be taken—only a few hoars to pass—but still more certainly becameaware that her lover terrified her. be yond description, and that in a moment there had roiled op between them a crowd of things which she dare not speak of, or allude to— and those the very things which she most wished to say. -■ : . \- It was a reiief to her when the cab stopped, in a quiet street with not many lamps and scarcely anyone about, a. street of houses with little gardens in front of them, narrow little London enclosures with a tiny tree or biub in the centre of a space no bigger than s table- But it was very quiet, and Lily felt a throb of satisfaction, hoping to see the good woman, the faithful creature who was to pro tect ber and be a mother to her until to morrow. j She longed for the eight of this womanasghe faadnever.longed for anything in her life. Bat no woman appeared; the door was opened by a man, ana Stephen led tbe way np toaroom on the first floor, where yaya lights and a table laidj - fllhe rpom ™ ™^ - * T "-"a ine^periencedgygf; there _L plant8 in huge ^^««iftndthetdb^j5^apretty im^e^lsas capdles, with letajia naught ot.troabled of pleasure, Vworidriuto >p. The mon, housfrwbo * 6 door tobe mroectedj candles lighted upon the little toilet table, and an air of preparation, something ot the , ordinary and natural in the midst ot all the ' horrible strangeness of her circumstances which consoled her a little. She sank down upon a chair to recover her breath and her composure, saying to herself that it was very foolish, even wicked, to be so full of nervous ness and doubts and fears, that having come so far, and having done it deliberately of her own tree will, she could not, must not, give way to any imaginary terrors. She might have known it would be terrible, this interval —she might have known ! But where, then, was the good woman, the kind woman, whom Stephen had assured her she would | find waiting? Then she recalled herself ' with a pang at her heart. How could ] she even ask tor this woman as if she had no ' confidence in the man who would be her hus I band to-morrow ? To morrow—only to ! morrow—it was not very long to wait This was, 110 doubt, only an excitement of her nerve? such as women were so apt to have in novels. Lily had never known what un reasonable nerves were before. She took off her hat, which relieved her throbbing head for a moment But when she caught sight of herself in the glass, her pale scared face frightened Lily as if it had been a head of Medusa, She turned away from that revela tion of her own instinctive alarms with a fresh access of terror—her hands trembled as she put them up to smooth her hair. The table was arranged with pretty brushes, ivory backed, and every kind of pretty thing, snch as Lily had heard of, hut never seen before. They had all been put there for her, she tried to 6ay to herself, all arranged for her gratifi cation, and Ehe so ungrateful! But she could not use them. She smoothed her hair tremulously with her hand. Oh! where was that woman! The kind woman, whose presence would give her a little courage?: Whe.e was she ? ! "I say, Lil, look here!" cried Stephen, rattling loudly at the door. "Don't be long about your toilet, dinner's just comiug." Then he opened the door and came half in. " You want a lady's maid—that's what you want—not used, eh, to managing for your self, my dear?" His laugh seemed to till the house with horrible echoes. " Can't I fasten something or undo something? Here, Lil, you'll find me very handy," he said, advanc ing to her, his large masculine presence filling the room, exhausting the atmosphere, affecting the frightened girl with a passion of terror which was almost more than she could contain. " Oh, please!" she said, her breath coming quick. "l6hallbe ready—in a moment—in —in five minutes—oh, go away, please If you would send the woman, the woman—" "What woman?" he said with a Btare; then laughing. " Oh yes, I remember. The woman, eh?—a faithful old servant, wasn't she? Yes; well, she's looking alter the dinner, 1 suppose, but no doubt there's a drudge of 6ome kind if you muat have her. Yon mustn't be Billy, my pretty Lil. You must make the best of your bargain, you know. Come, can't I do ?" " Ob, if I may have the woman—only for a moment—only for five minutes!" " Well, don't work yourself into a fever," he said, " and mind you don't keep the dinner waiting, for I'm as hungry as a hunter," he added, looking back from the door. Lily stood trembling in the middle of the room with her hat in ber hand, and that wild pain gradually rising, swelling in her heart. It was all she could do to keep still, not to fly she knew not where. But yet she made an effort to control herself. He ought to have been more delicate, more respectful than ever, now that she was so entirely at his mercy. He ought to have treated her like something sacred. Ah! but then, she said to herself, lie had never been respectful, reverent of her like Roger; 6be had preferred it so, it was Stephen's way; he was only a little rough, thinking there was no need for so many ceremonies when to-morrow —to-morrow ! She stood, with one foot ad vanced, ready in her panic to fly, though 6he did not know where Bhe could fly to. And then she heard his voice shouting down stairs for someone to come up, for the maid, for Mary. " Here, you Stimpson, send up the girl, 6end Mary, (whatever her name is." Lily locked hastily the door which was be tween the rooms while his voice was audible, feeling that even the girl, even Mary, or whatever her name was, would be protection. Wild thoughts traversed her mind as ehe stood there panting for breath, like clouds driven over the sky by fsome stormy wind— thoughts oyer which she had no control. For the first time the other conclusion burst upon her, the end of the story which was in all the books, the unhappy girl j betrayed, wandering home, a shameful1 | thing, to die—oh Goa! oh God ! would that ever happen to Lily ? Not to return in pride, | a gentleman's wife on her husband's arm, to' make her parents glad—but, perhaps, in1 shame—Hinging herself down before the door —dying there—never raising her head. ' Oh, what folly ! what folly ! Oh, how horrible— horrible! But it could not be—how could it be? It was only Stephen's way—a little rough, not respectful; he had never been respectful. She would have laughed at the idea before to-night—Stephen respectful, delicate, thinking of her silly feeliugs 1 Oh, was it likely, when they were to be married to-morrow, and ceremony would be needed no more. Presently there came a heavy, dragging step mounting the stairs, a hard breathing as of a fatigued creatpre, the other door of the room was pushed openj and someone came in with a steaming jug of hot water; a London maid of all work, of a .kind quite unknown to Lily, with a scrap of something white pinned upon ber rough hair, and an apron hurriedly tied on. " I'm sorry as I for got the' 'ot- water, ma'am," she said, and put it down with much noise and commotion, shaking the room with her tread, and making everything in it ring. She was not pretty or neat, or anything that was pleasant tp see, but when she turned to go away after putting down ber jug, Lily caught her arm with both hands. ' ''On," she cried, "don't go away! don't go away!" holding her fast The young woman, lialf frightened, looked up in the face of this lady, who must be mad certainly to Beize upon ber so. " Laws," she cried; and then, "If it's for lady's lnaidin', ma'am, I ain't no good; and. missis wants me down stairs." "6b, wait a moment! wait a moment!',' cried,Lily nnder ber breath. A hundred questions rushed to her lips, but she did not know bow to pftt them, into words. . "Didn't your nfistress—expect ine ? " she managedto say. ' ' ' "Miesis? f1Sjpect you? 0h, yds, ma'am; coming.". A little ^Uefqame.-to her mind,i "She did expect me? jBut .why does sheuot come? my do«tftshe»ina|f f; , . : . . "Mtpetef'eaid tae drndge, astonished. " why* she's tbe dinner/ She iaint a ladye maid, ihu^Mg. no mote than in»e. v.: 1 .if Bntfbh saidsheexpectod mef? j .•>, > ; "Ohblessyoulit was «4he Captain,asex in,,;He «aidi fAw Sttmpsonj .... of my com; ltd^VviBhe'a'dMwn-ift^: of her friends, audlexpects hex hade Tuesday or Wednesday,' he says. We was all ready for you yesterday, rna'aui, aud the J dinucr ordered, but the Captain he 6ays, j 'It'll be to-morrow, Mrs. Stimpson.' He [ 8aid as how you was very fond of your own folks, and it was always uncertain to a day when you'd come back." " Wiien I'd come back V "Ves, ma'am, i beard him saying of it. ' Mrs. Stevens,' he Bays, "is very fond of her own folks.'" "Is that—is that—what he said? and where does lie—live then?" said Lily in a whisper which she could scarcely make audible. "Captain Stevens—when's lie at home? Laws ! how can I tell you ? But for the lost week he has been living here—a-waiting for his good lady—just as missi9 is waiting for me to help dish up downstairs." Lily did not say another word. She fixed her wild eyes upon the maid's lace and signed to her to go, impatiently. The drudge was surprised at this rapid dismissal, but she was too much occupied with her own dreary life to trouble herself what happened, and her mistress she knew would scold her for her delay. She went downstairs not looking behind, not hearing the steps that followed her. Lily followed like a ghost; her foot was light, not like the heavy steps of the maid. She went behind her step by step, not thinking of anything but of how to get away, incapable of thought She had her little basket still in one hand, her gloves in the other, which she held mechanically. When the woman turned the corner of the stairs to pursue her way to the kitchen, Lily found herself in the narrow hull, lit with one dull IJame of gas, alone, She liew, noiseless as a .bird, to the door which was before her, the only way of salvation. In another moment she was outside in the fresh, cool air of the spring night. Outside—outside of everything—alone in London, without a soul to turn to, alone in the unknown streets, on the verge of the awful night. 