DEPUTATION OF SECULARISTS TO THE GOVERNOR. About 1500 Secularists, headed by Mr. T. Walker, M.L.A., and supported by prominent members of that body, met at the Queen's Statue on Saturday afternoon for the purpose of organising a deputation to wait upon his Excellency Lord Carrington in order to protest against the action of Sir Henry Parkes in having closed the theatres on Sunday, and of presenting the following resolution adopted at a mass meeting of citizens held on Friday evening at the state: That we, citizens of Sydney, deeply regret that in this Jubilee year of her Majesty's reign, her reign should be sullied by the action of the Colonial Secretary in closing the theatres against the people on Sunday, and thus depriving them of the rights of free speech and liberties they had enjoyed undisturbed for many years in this city." Mr. Walker, address- ing the meeting, said that his Excellency had graciously consented to receive a deputation of six of their number, and in view of that he (Mr. W Walker) proposed to nominate the fol lowinggentlemenbesideshiiiiselt to interview the Governor: Messrs. Skinner, Simmatt, Douglas, Webster, Johnson, and Tucker. The selection was approved by the crowd, which then formed up and marched to Government house, headed by the members of the deputation. Arrived there they were received by his Excellency shortly before! p.m. Mr. Walker introduced the deputation, and, having briefly explained their object, preferred a request that the resolution above referred to might be forwarded to her Majesty. Mr. Skinner pointed out that the secularist lectures delivered at the theatres on Sunday had always been attended by orderly audiences. He was a colonist of 33 years' standing, and having been a freethinker for a large portion of that time, he was in a position to contradict the misleading cry of disloyalty which had been raised up against them. The other members of the deputation spoke to the same effect, after which His Excellency replied as follows Before I say a word on the subject of your resolution, I am bound to confess that, taking into consideration the warmth of feeling that questions of this sort sometimes tiroueo, I venture to commend the moderation and propriety of tone with which this interview has been conducted. The- resolution passed last night, condemning certain action of the Colonial Secretary, is brought to me by the gentlemen of this deputation, who request me, as I understand, to convoy its terms to the Queen. It is clearly my duty, as a constitutional Governor, to state at once that it is impossible for me to accede to this request ; because you must see that under the free and liberal form of government of New South Wales, the existence of the Ministry mainly depends upon the support of the members of the Assembly, who are elected by what is practically universal suffrage. It is the head of the Ministry whose action your resolution challenges. I have not yet been informed that his Administration has lost the confidence of the country as represented by the Legislative Assembly, or that the action of which you complain has been condemned by them. It would be a violation of the spirit of the Constitution were to express any opinion on the Premier's action. But it is impossible to suppose that, even if the resolution were forwarded, the Queen would take any notice of the conduct of a Minister who still remains in power with the consent of Parliament. Moreover, the ordinary and constitutional mode of expressing to the Crown the censure of the country on a Minister is by a resolution emanating from Parliament, and conveyed by address to the Governor, who in this colony represents the Queen. I may add that I have been informed by the Prime Minister that the whole question of closing the theatres on Sunday remains under the consideration of the Government. Holding the views which I have expressed, and having given full, and I trust courteous, consideration to the arguments and want ed by you, I cannot deem it my duty to consent to become the medium of communication between yourselves and her Majesty. The. deputation then thanked his Excellency and withdrew, returning thence to the pedestal, where the crowd listened to more harangues from Mr. Walker, Mr. Skinner, and others. It was finally resolved to prepare a monster petition protesting against the action of Sir Henry Parkes. The crowd dispersed after giving three cheers for Lord and Lady Carrington. "BIRGES SAD AND SLOW." as TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sirs-I was informed, through the medium by which we I receive intelligence in this state, that there would be an imposing naval funeral lost Saturday on that suburb of Sydney called the North Shore and having obtained leave from the local authorities here, I put on my wig, seized my clouded cane, and set off on the journey. A very short time sufficed to bring me to the wharf at Milson's Point, from which place - of course invisible to the spectators - I accompanied the procession to the burial ground. I was much struck with the feeling and sympathetic manner in which the band of the bismarck I heard a German who was following say that it was' only a scratch band of the ship's company which led the funeral, played my good friend Chopin's tender and touching "Dirge for a Here's though the bandsmen were only sailors and marines; but I was surprised, disgusted, and chagrined beyond measure at the way in which the " hand" of the Sydney Naval Brigade blazed and blazed out-in quick time, too, the barbarians-my "Dead March" in "Saul." There was not the least attempt at expression, or any sign that a single member of the band know what he was playing, and the worst of it was that several of the men played persistently out of tuna all through. It was dreadful to listen to. I intended to write to you on this subject as soon as I got back to my usual quiet tone, but my surprise and indignation were too much for me. I can only utter the hope that before the Band of the S. N. li. presume to attend another naval or military funeral, they will learn that there is a great difference between a quick step and my " Dead Mutch," a fact of which at present they have no perception at all. I am, c, HANDEL'S GHOST. Hades, June Id. T)n. PB Jcnoe's IioiiT-nnowv Cod Liver On, ron Throat Disiusus.-Lennox BroOTiC, Esq.. JMl.C.S.E.. Senior Surgeon Central London 'PLrortt soap and, water :-" of the action of Mr. de Jongh's ufrt liver oil has proved. In my own experience, particularly, young'- In many cases of weakness of the singing and speaking voice." Sol J only in capsuled bottle by all chemists. Agents in Sydney, K'Mott B~v>-Adtt, 