St. Paul's Church, Emu. OPENING OF THE ENLARGED CHURCH. Tuesday last was certainly a lively day for that quiet, interesting and thriving locality, Emu Plains. The good people of that locality are of an unusually quiet disposition, but when ever they do start on any thing of a social or charitable character, there is certainly in our wide electorate of the Nepean no greater enthusiasts than the Emuites. To them social entertainments, especially of a semi-religious character are one of their greatest pleasures, and they enter to the spirit of all matters appertain- ing to their respective churches with a spirit that certainly does them infinite credit. Emu Plains posesscs quite a galay of beauty, aud nowhere within the colony could be found a more healthful, cheerful aud kind lot of young ladies than just across our glorious Nepean. But we wander. Our article to-day has more to do with that old, old church of St. Paul's wherein we first learned our little that we do know and wherein are many sorrowful and cheerful recollections. Adjoining the old church lie the remains of many relatives and friends; many of those who have been nearest and dearest to us ; many of the pioneers of our district; yea many of our noblest and best men and women. For very many years, up say till twenty five years ago, the old church did service, not only for public worship but for a denominational school as well, but about that time it was found necessary not only to enlarge the church but to build a school- room as well. Of course the schoolroom did ser- vice till the Public School's Act came in force when it like most other denominational Schools went by the board. The Church has been found sufficiently .large until recently, and the schoolroom has been used for Sunday School. There is one part in the Church's history which is not a very bright one, that is during Rev. Mr. Allworth's ministration. That gentleman did not seem to " hit it " with Emuites with the result that the Church was almost deserted and the Sunday School quite. Since, however, Mr. Fryer took over the charge the con- grcgation has increased to such an extent that it was found necessary to enlarge the Church. The assistance of Mr. Sykes, architect, was called in, and by the addition of a chancel for which Mr. Donald of Lithgow was contractor, St. Paul's church Emu is certainly as neat and comfortable as any district the size of Emu can boast of. The whole work has been faithfully carried out, and the addition of a handsome lectern of English Oak suitably carved, a donation made by Mrs. Duncan, late of Dungarth, Emu, forms a very pleasing feature in the arrange ment. The chancel and fittings are not yet com- pleted, when they are we shall give a more de- tailed description. The services in connection with the reopening was conducted in the church. Among the Rev Gentle- men present, were His Lordship the Primate, Rev. George Brown, Rural Dean ; Revs. H. Fryer (Emu), E. Symonds (Mt. Victoria), Shearman (Mulgoa), Cranswick (Springwood) and Corlette (St. Marys). The principal portion of the service was read by the Rev. H. Fryer. The Rev. George Brown read the lesson, and his Lordship delivered a short but im- pressive address. The choir contributed largely to the beauty of the service. Mrs. H. Evans, organ- ist doing her part with great satisfaction. The church was well filled not only by residents of Emu but by many visitors from Penrith as well. It was remarked by more than one of Mr. Fryer's parish- ioners that there was not a single visitor from Castlereagh, a portion of Mr. Fryer's parish. His Lordship the Primate's text was taken from II Epistle to the Corinithians 10th Chap. part of 15th verse, " . . . . but having hope, when your faith is increased, that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly." He said that the word enlarged could well be applied to the church of to-day as well as that of the future. It should not only apply to the church, but to the life and spirit of worship in their parish. The text required some explanation. It was not quite so clear, owing to translation, as it was in the revised version. They should be ever ready to fill their sphere in life, and overflow be- yond it. The question should be considered as ap- plying to the individual man, enlarged thus—Let him take hold of that which he is thoroughly con- versant with, and by thoroughly carrying this out he would eventually extend beyond it. If they were desirous of gaining knowledge they would re- quire to do thoroughly that which they understood before they went beyond. His Lordship's address was a truly eloquent one, and he gave some exceed- ingly interesting details of the great march of Christianity, commencing with the meeting of 120 Christians on the day of Pentecost. On that day they were filled with the Holy Ghost. Afterward in one day upwards of 3000 souls were drawn to Christ. From this out Christianity kept spreading, enlarging to overflowing, until the whole of Asia had been spoken to. St. Paul then launched out into Europe, Greece, and Macedonia. On and on until Rome, the capital of the world, was reached, where St. Paul preached under Divine Providence. In speaking of the growth, or enlargement, of the Church of England in the colonies, 100 years ago there was but one minister and a handful of settlers only who were members of the church. Now, how- ever, they had 6 bishops, 300 clergymen, and thousands of worshippers, with fresh churches springing up everywhere. He urged upon those present to forget the things behind, but to press on to that which was before them ; never to weary in doing the work of the Lord Jesus Christ. After the singing of the 490 hymn and a collec- tion had been taken up, His Lordship, engaged in prayer, and the service shortly afterwards concluded. A brief interval and then the TEA MEETING, which was held in the school room, was announced. Here there was a display of good things, both eat- able and for ornamentation, seldom if ever seen outside the metropolis; silver and plated ware, fairy lamps, choicest pastry and confectionery, and last, but not least, a collection of happy, smiling young ladies, such as only Emu can produce. Parents were there also, happy and smiling as well, each vieing with the other for the purpose of satis- fying all. The tables literally groaned with sand- wiches, pastry, jellies, blanc manges, fruit, and con- fectionery. There were in all five tables, of whom the following were the donors : Mrs. Turnbull and Mrs. Litton, Mrs. W. Ellison and Mrs. Player, the Misses Dibbs and Mrs. Dowdney, Mrs. Mary Upton, Mrs. G. Dempsey, Mrs. Wagstaff, Mrs. Chapple and Mrs. Horne. The young lady attendants were legion, but for fear we should miss some of the names and so get ourselves into trouble, we shall not mention any. Suffice it to say they were charmingly dressed, eloquent, and obliging—what more can be said ? Fully 200 people sat down to tea, aud all spoke in the highest terms of the good things provided. During the service, and at the tea, our very popular member, Mr. S. E. Lees, was present, but he, with his Lordship and some others, left in time to catch the 4 train. Over £8 was raised at the service, and this will be considerably augmented by the sale of tickets for the tea, and the surplus pastry. A concert is to be given to-night in the school- room in aid of the fund. Mrs. Wagstaff, who was a leading spirit in tho arrangement of the tea-meet- ing, on behalf of several Sydney and Penrith friends, generously offered their assistance. The entertainment should be a first-class one, and there should be a bumper house. 