Margaret Benliaai. '??? (By ' IiYMSaii,.') '* TOWS AST) COnjIIBT JOlTEKil.' TBIZE STOET COMPETITION. The -wisest sometimes commit mistakes. Bat the friends of Margaret Denbam had quite settled in their own minds the reason of her remaining an old maid, for nobody could deny tbat she had had more chances than most of the girls now settled in the little township «f Wakoola, or the district round. She was now, at the «ge of 25, lovely enough to attract any one's notice. Her dark hair waved in a beautiful mass of curls en either side of her fair face ; her features were small, and her whole bearing eeerned to breath refinement and grace. The reason then assigned by the female friends of Miss Denham was that Frank Langham, the richest and most successful man of this little corner of the globe, had rented his estate and started away to England, in the most hurried manner possible ; and they had never been able to fathom the motive which could induce eo well liked and easy going a man to take such a decided step. But they did not know tbat Margaret changed very much almost immediately after ward. And then came a long illness, during which grave doubts were entertained of her re covery. Now, Wakoola was so healthy a place that a doctor could not stake a living there, and Margaret so strong a girl that she had never even had the infantile disorders which all pro perly constituted children take when opportunity offers, but which ehe had obstinately resisted. So it stood to reason with these people that Margaret had been imprudent enough to lose her heart to the wealthy bachelor, who had been attentive to her, but nothing more. They won dered she had not more spirit than to break down so wretchedly, snd many a chat the matrons of the scandal-loving township had with her stepmother, Mrs. Cleveland, regarding the matter. Certainly, though she did not love the girl, that lady had now no reason to dislike her, for Margaret, though obstinate and defiant once, was quiet and undemonstrative esough for any thing. She gave lessons every morning to the children of the women who watched her so j narrowly ; and she even felt grateful to them for thus enabling her to keep 'herself independent. She had .been an orphan from childhood, and but little love bad come into her youthful days. Then they had brightened suddenly. But the brightness had faded all too soon. It was not as the gossips fancied. Frank Langham had certainly gone away. But a word from Margaret had held him back, a3 she knew only too well. Taat word could never pass her lips, and so he hurried away from Wekoola, the ecens of hi3 brightest and saddest moments. ^ Only three years ago, if that garden could speak, it could have told a tale which would have surprised many, and made the townspeople more curious about tbeir young neighbor than ever. Shall we listen to the old story? We are Margaret's friends, and so can do no harm to j that yoong life. The moon had risen. It was I one of our beautiful Australian nights, and the garden lay in beauty, tinged here and there with streaks of silvery light. It looked more like some fairy retreat than an abode of mortals. The little cottage, with its pretty treliis work and dainty creepers, was beautified also in the moon beams, which cast long graceful shadows every where. The large windows were open to their fullest - extent, and white curtains floated outward with the evening breeze. Suddenly the curtains were drawn aside, and a girlish form leant forward as if the better to enjoy the beautiful eight. She was dressed plainly, but with a certain elesance of style, though perhaps her dark draperies were better suited to an older person. In her belt she wore a cluster of crim eon roses ; her arms and neck were bare, as the fashion then was, and they shone white and fair in the light — a striking contrast with her dark attire. The lamps were not burning brightly, for she was alone this evening, and did not care to read or work ; her eyes seemed looking away into the distance with a sad and weary gaze. She did not hear the door open behind her, or see the tall figure standing in the room watching her. Frank Langham had left a very pleasant party this evening to come to her. Was she thinking of him ? Ee hardly dared to hope so, though he was the only man whom she called her friend in Wakoola ; she seemed to care for his society, or he fancied bo. What right had he to watch her f None ; but the picture was a fair ose. He would not disturb it by . a word. One hand held the little golden locket she always were round her neck. Stirred with a new impulse, be was beside her in an instant holding the other hand in his own, and he was telling with passionate fervor the story of his love for her. She turned her lovely face to him, ehe breathed quickly, a3 if words would not come. Was her silence to be taken as consent P No. Her face was pale as death ; there was no trace of coquetry. ' Cannot you lo»e me ?* he said. ' Oh, Margaret, have you nothing to say to me ; nothing ?' She still held hie band. Pushing him slightly from her, she said, ' I cannot, I cannot ; let me go.' He released her . hand at onee, without another word. As she left the room she turned, as if sorry for the pain she had inflicted. ? Forgive me/ she murmured, * 1 too am un happy.' ? And may I not even help you ? Foreet what I have said for the present, and let me be your friend etilL' ' Thank you eo much. Some day I should like to tell you all about it ; but not now. Nobody can help me.' So she left him; and though he stood still in the doorway through which ehe had just passed, he asked himself, was it a dream ? Only in the bustle and stir of real life can such dreams sink into rest : perhaps even then they trouble us — ghosts which wecanuot lay. What, he asked tiunself, was the mystery which enfolded, her ? She would not trust him, that was .certain; so Frank Langham threw up all his interest in his estate, and to the astonish ment of the many who had heard him declare hia love of a bush life, he departed for the old country once again. When Margaret first became her own mistress at the early age of 17 (she left school just then), she had been staying away from her stepmother, upon a visit to some school companions. It was a happy time to her — one of the bright spots she could always leok back upon with pleasure; a time when everyone seemed bent on making much of her. How it came about I cannot say. How do all such things happen ? Margaret lost her heart to the eldest son, handsome George Bymer. He was fascinated by her beauty. He knew that she was poor, and that ho had nothing but what ho should earn by hard work. He asked her to be his wife. Perhaps he would not have wished her to marry him at once but for certain circumstances which occurred just then. The news came that Mrs. Cleveland intended to remove from Sydney to Wakoola, as it was healthier, she said, and she had heard of some pupils for her stepdaughter. George .knew ehe was beautiful, and that other men would know it also. So he persuaded her to become his wife, privately j of course.; and they were married on the very day he brought her to Sydney. Her wedding ring she wore safely hidden in her locket, and she bad never seen her husband since. She knew he was poor, and she heard often that he was too indolent to work hard, iot even so far away rumor made itself heard. The letters, at first eo frequent, now cajne but seldom, and when they did come Margaret often left them, for days unopened. -They never brought any gladness to her heart,— only showed her now madly, she had acted. The last letter from him came abont a month before Frank Langham asked her whether she loved hiin, that saddest hour of her life. It bronght the news that he had. been left some money, and that he intended to join a party of old settlers who were going overland with all their belongings to Tictoria to take up country. He would probably get a partnership with on^f them, a Major White, of whom he spoke in hijgh terms. ' If so/ ran the letter, 'we can unite our fortunes at last ; and you can give up toot teach ing. I may come to see yon soon.' '_?. Margaret's heart died within her. She no longer loved the handsome face which had won her formerly. She knew now what she had lost for ever. He would ceme and take her away. They would all know her secret soon. Oh, how could she bear to live a life with him P It would be a perpetual lie. It seemed to Margaret that life grew only more perplexed and sad. Oh, if only ahe could re-live a year of her girlhood. If she had, as the little ones say, to * do it again.* Ah, it never can be done again. What is passed can never return. A thousand times she felt tempted to reveal her marriage to her stepmother. It would be better to let ner know the truth, before George came to take her away. Bat as the words, came to her lips, they died away again. She and her mother had so little in common, and had gone their several ways so long now that confidence seemed impossible. Certainly Mrs. Cleveland did remark to her one morning, * Well, child, you look as white as a sheet. All your good looks seem going ; but you are getting on, you know, and had better take care, or you will be an old maid.* ' I think many things will be worse than that/ sighed poor Margaret. She did feel worn, and unfit for her morning's work. ? I think if I can get a chance of anybody we know going to Sydney, I will go for a week or so,' she said. ' A change would do me good, I feel sure/ ' Yes, it would be a good idea. You might go with old Mr. Pearson. He will like a companion, and you are so quiet now that you will suit the old iellow to a nicety/ So Margaret went, only teo glad to get away anywhere from her own thoughts. She had lost a great number of her acquaintances during her long absence from the city. But her friends had loved her truly, and welcomed her with delight. The Bymers were most anxious to have her stay with them. But aho excused herself with diffi culty. She would not go there in her false position. Bather would she run the risk of offending them. She wa3 spending an evening at a friend's, and, in spite of her troubles, was as happy as she could saw be, for she was listening to most beautiful music. The hostess was a musician herself, and her little evenings were always well attended. She had been talking for some time to the host, a clever, well-read man, whose conversation always interested her, when she noticed a stir at the tar end of the room. Many people had risen. In voluntarily she rose also. Could her eyes have deceived her ? She looked again, to make quite sure. Ixo, it w&a; true. She saw the people part and let him through. In another few moments he was at her side, and had shaken her by the hand. * I sever thought to meet you here/ he said, taking a seat on the couch beside her. * How are they all at Wakoola?' * WTelL thank yon/ She had recovered herself sow, and spoke calmly enough. ' But now it is my turn to question you. Where have you come from ? I had no idea that you were out again/ ? I have been out about a month. I have been into the very jawB of death since I landed. Oh, Mies Denham, do not you see how many have left since my arrival in this room ? I have brought news that will jrring many a heart/ She xaised her eyes for the first time sia.ee he had spoken to her. She must have been blind and deaf to all but him. For the whole room was in a stir, and in a moment he was surrounded by a crowd asking question s, hardly awaiting replies. She saw that he was changed, too — not the Frank Langham ehe had parted from, but worn and haggard, with a look of great pity is his eyes for the poor souls before him. She caught eager expressions of horror and wonder, and she turned to a lady standing near her, and asked her what had happened. ' Oh, my dear/ she said, ' I hardly know myself yet ; but half Sydney will be in mourning. Major White's party has been set upon and murdered by the blacks somewhere near Victoria, and this is the only man. left to tell the tale/ She turned away to gather more news herself, leaving Margaret alone, little knowing the full effect her words had caused. George murdered? His face, fair and hand some, as when she remembered first seeing him, rose before her. A mist came across her ejes. Only those words rang in her ears, aad seemed to burn into her brain. She knew the door was somewhere near to where she stood, and she must reach it — must he calm. As she entered the hall she felt the cool hair blowing on her face. Some one spoke. She put out her hands as if to feel her way, aad fell senseless. When she came to herself she was lying upon a sofa, and her kind hostess was by her gently rubbing her hands. She heard her speak quietly to some one near her, and she knew the voice which replied. They had been talking about her. Seeing her eyes open, they became quiet again, not wishing to excite her. She tried to nse. But her strength had not returned, and Mrs. Farleigh insisted upon her lying still. 'I mean to keep you to night/ she said. 'I have plenty of room for both my invalids. This wicked man has been going about with his head nearly off, and my husband has captured him for the present. To think, dear old Frank/ she said, ' how nearly we lest you/ Margaret closed her eyes with a shudder of horror. * You must try and get it out of your mind, Miss Denham, or you will be ill. Mrs. Farleigh, when your husband comes back from the Eyssers send him to me please. I want to hear how they are. Good night. Miss Denham. I will leave you to my friend's care. You couldn't be in better hands. To-morrow, when you are calmer, I will tell you my story. You knew poor George Bymer, did yon not? He often men tioned your name when speaking of his people ; and do you know, he was married privately. He told me so himself one sight when he had been pretty bad with fever, and I had been Bitting with him. He just said, * It would seem hard to die now in this loneliness, Langham ; and I'm not prepared, as they say, for I've been an idle scaup, and I've got the loveliest girl in Sydney for my wife. If I am spared I hope to be a better fellow for her sake.' So I asked him whether his friends knew, and he said 'Oh, no; it was a private affair/ 'I can't help thinking if she knows the end, aad if she will feel it; he was not a man likely to make a good husband, too selfish. I fancy. But I &m; only keeping you up, and you look so in need of rest/ Major White's party had, indeed, all shared the same terrible fate, with the exception of Frank Langham, who had been left on the ground for dead. They had very imprudently allowed the blacks to know their every movement — where they stored their ammunition, supplies, and everything else. They had at last got too troublesome, and one of their number had been shot. This exasperated them. They attacked the dray6 and horsemen, simultaneously in an utterly unguarded moment,' and a. frightful sseae ensued, too harrowing to relate. How Lang ham escaped was miraculous. His head was severely cut, and he had suffered terrible privations on bis journey hone. Only his great physical powers had saved him. Mar garet's face was paler than the poor fellow's before her wHen they met next day. He. had very much to tell her. But she could not listen then. Her heart had been filled with a great pity and tenderness for the poor dead man who had once loved her, whatever his after faults might have been. She drew from her neck the locket, and laid it in her companion's hand. After that she said, ' Yon will pity me and spare me ; won't you, Frank, for I have suffered— oh ! I have suffered so long in silence? But you understand. It is ench a comfort to know that yon can pity me.' Frank Langham ' Understood only too well. He had allowed himself to hope once more, only to suffer again. * I pity you £ rojn my Leart/ he said. ' Oh, Margaret, I will .be near you at Wakoola, and you will know that at least in me you have an . ever faithful friend, should you need one/ So they parted; but Frank Langham felt no despair at his heart, for he knows that he alone ias the power to bring happiness to Margaret s life, and he is content to wait. There are those who say that Wakoola will possess a mistress soon. So, perhaps, his reward is coming. 