Chafieb XIII. WHICH SHOWS THE DANGER OF NOT KEEPING ONES CHEQCE-BOOK UNDER LOCK AND KEY. There is no appointment which a man is more likely to forget than one with his wife. Cyril Pa ton, who had dined at. the club, went home almost immediately after dinner. He had quite forgotten that he was to join Gertrude at the theatre, and was surprised not to find her at home on his arrival. " Where have you been?" he aaked somewhat gruffly when she made her appearance. Gertrude was usually pale, but a bright spot came into either cheek at the tone in which the question was asked, " The theatre !" she answered curtly, as she threw herself wearily into a chair, undoing her wraps as she did so. " You promised to be there." "By Jove! so I did!" exclaimed Cyril. " I forgot all about it The fact is I met . Hello 1 where the deuce did you get that?" he asked as he caught eight of the necklace. " Mr. Dyke gave it me," said Gertrude quietly. " It was to have been my wedding present." Cyril laughed, and a hard look came into his mean eyes. "It's just as welcome now, eh? as it would have been then!" he exclaimed. "Let me have aiookatit" Gertrude undid the necklace, and handed it to him. "By Heaven! they're beautiful diamonds," exclaimed Cyril, standing up and holding them near the chandelier. " They must have cost a thousand if they cost a penny," he added, as he handed the jewels back to his wife There was something in Cyril's manner which provoked Gertrude beyond measure, and it was with no little warmth that she expressed her opinion that Adam had not considered the cost when he bought them. " I don't suppose he did, as they were for you," retorted Cyril, savagely. " Your family, certainly, have the knack of bleeding him. I can under stand bis having a weakness for yon, and not minding spending money on you, but why the dickens he should keep the whole family passes my com prehension." Gertrude started to her feet, her face aflame. " You coward ! You mean, paltry coward !" she cried. " How dare you say euch a thing? You, who forced me into asking this man to help us ! You, who accept his money, and lose no opportunity of reviling him! " Cyril Baton held up his hand. " That will do, Gertrude," he interrupted. " I was wrong. The fact is I'm hipped. I'm out of luck, and worried. I don't meau half I say." Gertrude caught up her wraps, and with one contemptuous glance at her husband tnrned on her heel. " Stay, Gertrude," he cried. " I want to speak to you." Gertrude faced him. " What is it ?" she asked wearily. "Sit down, because it wiil take me a few minutes," be said, and he didn't look at his ease as be spoke. " It's most unfortunate that we should have had a bit of a row, especially over Dyke, as—as I want to discuss money matters with you." If ever contempt was legibly written on a woman's face it was on Ger trude's. " That means that you want me to apply to Mr. Dyke for money," she B&id.; Cyril nodded. " I do 1" he said. " The fact is that unless I get about £400 or £500 to morrow—to-morrow, d'ye hear?—I'm done for. I can't aBk him, yoa know that., He gave me £500 only 10 days ago, but you " Gertrude Btamped her foot. "Ifyour life depended on it, ay, and mine,"she added, striking her breast, "I wouldn't do it" " I've known you refuse before, and then come round," he sheered. "And would to Heaven that I bad never done it" she cried passionately! "Well! it's rather late in the evening for heroics," Baid Cyril con temptuously, " Perhaps yon will be more reasonable in the morning," But the morning saw no change in Gertrude's position. In spite of Cyril's entreaties and threats she kept to her determination. " What the deuce I'm to do Heaven only knows," reflected Cyril. "I can't ask the man for the money, and yet I must have it. When he lent me the £500 the other day, be told me plainly enough that he wouldn't lend me any more if I gambled, and he's the sort of man who'll stick to his word if be once makqp up bis mind. What a donkey I was to quarrel with Gertrude. She would have pulled me through." These reflections were passing through his mind as he stood at one of the clnb windows with his bands deep in his pockets. There was a troubled look in his eyes, the look of a man who is at his wit's end for expedients, and be bit his lip with nervous irritability as no solution to the difficulty pre sented itself, " I wonder whether old Naumann wonld stand me for a few hnndred," he reflected. " It's just possible that be mayn't have heard that our house is .mortgaged." But ."old Naumann" would not "stand him " him for a penny, and the old money- lender told him so in the plainest of terms—terms so plain, in fact, that they extracted a very vigorous expression of opinion from Cyril as to the old man's nationality and antecedents 5u I maybe a blood-sucker and a d—d Jew," roared the old man aa Cyril flun^ himself out of the office, "but I don't make my living out of cards arid betting, and I don't use my wife bs a means " Luckily Cyril was out of earshot before the last sentence was commenced, and I for my part shall leave it incomplete. —Witb-his Bpirits-at the lowest ebb, feeling discomfited and worried almost beyond endurance, Cyril made his way back to the club. But even there a fresh annoyance met him.- He bad hardly set foot inside tkedoor-before he was accosted by one of his creditors. "Good morning, Baton ! You're the very man I want to see. Can you Bpare a few minutes! I want to speak to you." The speaker, Captaip Petrie, was a man of about thirty, good-looking, well-set up, and carefully dressed.'1 He spoke in rather an affected tone, and when be smiled it seemed with a view to. show his teeth, which were unusually white and even, rather than as a sign of amusement With an inward curse Cycll acceded to the request, and the two young men went into a corner of the hall, where for a few minutes they were engaged in earnest conversation. -There is nonnecessity to give at length what passed between them. _Captain Petrie had won a large sum from Cyril and he wanted to be paid. It was mvamthqt pyrjl pleaded for time, anj promised an early settlement Captain Petrie was inexorable. He had lost heavily himself. He had had to pay, though it was inconvenient Cyril must do the same. . - '■ m- m lls, . " I really don't understand such a thing," exclaimed the captain with virtuous indignation. " When you win you pocket the money. When you Jose " . , • , . Cyril made an angry gesture. . „ . '' " That will do," he exclaimed angrily. You shall be paid, and to day t0To this Captain Petrie returned that that was all he wanted, and turning on his heel left Cyril to digest the several unpleasant truths he had told hll8upposethatI shall hardly be believed when I state that Cyril con sidered that he had been very badly treated, and looked upon his case as a very hard one indeed. But that was the view that he took of his position The question of the morality of contracting debts that he could not pay never entered into his head. He himself was a lenient creditor, and he thought it " devilish rough on a fellow to be pestered for payment whea payment was inconvenient "However, something must be done, be said,as be passed through the hall into the street, " if I have to pawn my——" .... At that moment a thought flashed on his brajn, and he stood still at the idea. His house was mortgaged to its last value. He had given a bill of sale over his furniture only a week before. In fact, he had exhauated all ordinary channels of credit But the word "pawn, which he had used carelessly enough, suggested a new Bource of assistance, and as he used it the thought of his wife's diamond necklace flashed on him with a fearful 3°" How can I get them? She would never lend them to me for such a purpose. She's too devilish selfish reflected this most selfish of men. " And what excuse could she make to Adain Dyke ? ... At that moment a hand waa laid on hia shoulder. It he had already com mitted the mean theft that was in his mind he could not have been mote disconcerted. He started and turned as pale as if his thoughts had been detected. » . "Why, what's the matter?" asked Adam^Dyke, with no little concern. "Come into my place and Bit down for a bit" ...... To this Cyril made no reply. He had never been inside Adam s house. Oliver lived there, and for good reasons he had no desire, to come across him. His hesitation was immediately divined by Adam. "Oliver is away 1" said the latter. Hes in Sydney, and wont be back for a month." _ ., , . „ . , They went into the house, where Cyril was soon himself again, thanks to an unusually stiff glass of whisky-and-water, which Adam insisted on his /Irivilrmrr nlmrvat; fit*. A Hrnnfflit "That will pull you together," he said kindly. " Now sit down there and have a smoke or a read, or a snooze if you like, but—keep quiet I tell you that you did look bad. You could't have looked worse if you had suddenly discovered some horrible crime or seen a ghost Now, youbtop quiet while I do some writinir," continued Adam, as be sat down to a writing-table and took a cheque-book from one of the drawers, " I've got a nice lot of bills to pay, and want to get them off my mind." The writing-table was in a bow-window, and from where Cyril sat he bad an undisturbed view of Adam, who was between him and the light And as he looked at him bis old feeling of contempt revived in him with greater strength than ever. "To think of that fellow having the command of such money," he re flected, as be looked at Adam's bent figure " Of course, he's good-hearted and liberal, and all that, but so abominably commonplace, not only in mind but even in person." Meanwhile Adam was hard at work over his accounts. As he wrote a cheque be pinned it to the account it was in payment of, and placed it under a paper-weight. "Ah! Thank Heaven! I've finished," heat last exclaimed with a sigh of relief. "I do hate writing. I suppose that that's because I'm not a very good hand at it Now look at the difference between those signatures," he added, as he handed Cyril two cheques for comparison. " I often wonder that they don't refer to me before honouring tbem." Cyril took them, and did as Adam asked, acknowledging that there was greatdissimilarity. " but that's nothing I" exclaimed Adam with a laugh, _ " You should see some of them when I've a pen that I don't like 1 My signature might be anything but Adam Dyke." At this moment the servant brought in a note. " I sav, Cyril, will you excuse me? " he said, as be re&d; it " Mr. Barron. wants to 6ee me particularly. You'll wait for me, won't you, like a good fellow? I shan't begone long. We'll lunch together. Here's the paper to amuse yourself with." For a few minutes after Adam had left the house Cyril sat there without moving. A dastardly crime was hatching in his brain—a crime which even be, desperate and unscrupulous as he was, dared hardly contemplate. But with men like Cyril but little time elapses between the evolution of an idea and its performance. Time was of moment. Adam might be back at any instant. With one hasty glance round the room, and another at the win dows at the opposite side of the street, Cyril sat down at the writing-table, and with eager fingers tore a cheque from the end of the book. The body he filled up hastily in a feigned band for £725, and then, taking one of the cheques from under the paper-weight, be proceeded to imitate the signature as closely as he could. Adam always put a stop at the end of his name, and Cyril was juBt about to add this when a servant came into the room. With a muttered oath Cyril hastily blotted the cheque and put it into his pocket " I can add the Btop at the club," he reflected, as he heard Adam's foot step in the hall. About Ave o'clock that afternoon, as Adam was sitting in his study, the ser vant came in and told him that there was a gentleman wished to see him. When the visitor came in Adam at once recognised one of the clerks at the South Sea Bank. " Well, Mr. Howard, what is it?" he asked. There was an air of mystery about the young man that excited Adam's cariosity. He looked about the room as if to make certain that they were alone. "ll'm! I've come on Bomewhat important business," answered Mr. Howard, as he took a paper from a leather case, which he held in his baud. " Have you drawn any large cheques to-day, Mr. Dyke?" Adam thought a moment, ^ " I have drawn a number of cheques to-day," he answered, "but none for any large amount. I think there was one of £40 odd—that, certainly, was the largest " You haven't drawn one lor £725!" " Seven hundred and twenty-five!" echoed Adam, in surprise. " No, cer tainly not" "Then it's as I thought," exclaimed the young man in a tone which betrayed his satisfaction at the verification of bis prediction. " An impudent forgery has been committed. Look at that cheque, sir," be B&id;, handing Adam the paper as be spoke. " Is that yonr signature f Adam took the cheque and carefully looked at it " Upon my eouI, if 1 wasn't certain that I hadn't written a cheque for the amonut I should Bay it was," he said with a puzzled look on his face. I can see no difference between the signature and the ordinary one I use." " Well! I'm glad to hear yon say so for the sake of the clerk who cashed it," said Mr. Howard ; "but there are some points of dissimilarity. Now you always put a stop after your name. There's no stop here. Then you invariably make a loop at the top of the down stroke of the A. You will observe that that is absent" Again did Adam look at it, and the puzzled look on his face was more marked than ever. j "Well! Let ns look at my cheque-book,''he said.- •« - An inspection of the cheque-book betrayed the fact that a blank cheque bad been extracted from the end of the book, the number of wuicn coincided with the forged cheque. Adam then, with the assistance of Mr. Howard, compared the cheque with tboBe that he had written that morning. The signatures were in Ad&tn;'a eyes identical. " Well! There's no time to be lost," said Mr. Howard, as be carefully placed the cheque back iu the case. " We have a clue to the man wno ! cashed it, and 1 have no doubt that we shall run the scoundrel to eartn. In the meantime, Mr. Dyke, just turn the matter over in your mind, try and think who has been in here lately—who would have accesB to your ' papers, and so forth." .. .. For ten minutes after the clerk's departure Adam sat at his writing-tabie puzzling his brains over the matter. He looked at the cheques be naa written, he looked at the cheque-book, and then from the cheque-book no looked back at the cheques, but no glimmer of the truth did they convej, But when he made a discovery that the forged cheque had been blotted on an unused sheet of blotting-paper, and bad evidently been blotted that day, a horrible suspicion flashed on bis mind, and drove all the blood to ins heart. ,, "GreatHeavens!"he cried aloud; "it it should be. Why, it would break her heart" He W&8BO appalled at the very idea that tor a few minutes he sat there in capable of thought or action. Then, with a cry of dismay, he dashed ini the hall and seized his hat The next minnte he was driving to the bank as fast as an extra fare could induce the cabman to drive. He rushed inroju bank just in time to catch Mr. Barton, the manager, who was gems home, ■ i,, i " I want you a moment," be cried, catching him by the arm. a uc of yours came to me with a cheque—a cheque supposed to.be forged. " Supposed to be 1 It was forged. Mr. Howard informs me that you o tinctlyeaidso." - — 1 «■ * "-J."''.* C Adam's face had been pale, but now a bright flush lit up his cheeks.. " 1 made a mistake," he faltered. "The cheque is all right Debit account with it" *■ rr\ himself It was the manager's tnm to exhibit astonishment, . jj for many,many years to snbprdinate bis feelings to his baniung qnties, he had been given all the monies in the bank coffers be could not withheld hisauuufement'^ ... A At-^etAdam *' The cheque all right I; The devil It is 1 he cried, and he looked at. as if be expected him to ept his words. . . . rpmflifc But Adam stood there With downcast eyes, and made no farther re " Well 1 it's your business," said Mr. Barton, shrugging his shoulders " hut it seems to me that a person couldn fc write a cheque for such «n f and be ignorant of the fact. Your instructions are to honour it in theuaual " y i You recognise it as yours ?' m ine usual Adam noddedliis head, but still did not raise his eyes. » Very well," answered Mr. Barton, pursing bis lips, "It shall be done." As lie spoke he began to put on his gloves, and Adam, thinking thetl^». view ut an end, mumbled some words of farewell, and prepared to take hfs* Stay a minute," said Mr. Barton, "I should like to speak to von „ few minutes, Mr. Dyke. Come into the office." y *ot B Adam followed him into his room, and, in obedience to his invitation took a chair. MOI,i "Now, I hope that you won't take what I'm going to say in hud » Baid Mr. Barton, with a serious look in his keen grey eves. " I hn ' is of the duties of a bank manager to his cuatoSS. I don*t consider that.I'm piaced here merely to do what is suggested by my imstomere consider tnat. " ,f a.- j--"— • that duty be mean going l _ Mr. Dyke, I think that you are lately going on the wrong track-FmeanTn i money matters, of course," he hastened to add. n 101 Adam looked np, but did not speak. "Of course you are still enormously rich," continued the old m0„ « j you can stand many losses-infiuitely greater losses-than you have lareiv sustained, but I would beg of you, my dear sir, to be more-more careful your carelessness breeds carelessness in others, and you are associated excuse my plain epeaking-you are associated with the man of all othe« who is likely to take advantage of your failings." others The old man spoke with a warmth that betrayed his earnentnesa i laid his hand on Adam's Bhoulder as he spoke, and looked into hi face " You mean Mr. Barron. uia iace* "I do," answered Mr. Barton. " Beware of that man. Not onlv is he I over- sangume—itself a serious drawback in a business man-but he sn't ' I'm sorry to have to say it, he isn't a man to be trusted overmuch " ' And somehow Adam could find no words to defend bis friend Mr. Barton drew on bis gloves, and prepared to take leave p..t , a thought occurred to him, and he turned back again ' suddenly "Perhaps you would like to give another cheque for this," he said as he K^"l>Ufe5S,t,l,e8am'' "me "" «"«» Ml *'«i told a clerk "It is a forgery !" he said to himself, "and David Barron is tl.e few,*. » Thus for the second time did Adam Dyke, a truthful, honest, and straioht I forward man, lie—1 will use no other word—to Bave an unnd f™nntwJ? ecauip as ever disgraced the face ot God's earth. 8 for-nothing a ] 