Mr ROACH'S CONCERT. Friday night last, Mr J. R. Roach, of the Burra, kindly, gave one of his Popular Recital Entertainments, assisted by local amateurs in aid of the funds of the Terowie Institute. On former occasions, when appearing before a Terowie audience Mr T_~;s/jh has always met with a most hearty reception, and on Friday last the success attending his efforts were even greater than it had been previously, for there were nearly 300 persons present. Mr Opie, prior to the overture, addressed a few words to the audience upon the annoyancs performers were subjected to by people whistling and Otherwise creating a disturbance. He hoped that such a thing would not occur that evening, the ladies had positively refused to assist again if such behaviour was^ indulged in. The com mittee had no desire to punish offenders un necessarily, but they certainly intended to put a stop to what was becoming an annoyance to the more orderly concert goers. Mrs Abram owski played the first Overture, which was followed by a res-tal " Two Little City Arabs," by Mr Roach. The following programme was then gone through :—Song, " Killarney," Miss Lee ;-Recital, " Mr Caudle's Hat," Mr J. Roach Song, " Tit for Tat," Miss L. Gillespie ; Reci tal, "Shamus O'Brien," Mr J. Roach ; Recital," " How Sockery set a Hen," Mr Ignets Brazkosk ; Song, "Dublin Bay," Miss T. McGillick ; Reading, " The Effect of Culture." Mr J. Roach ; Selection, " Valae Caprice"(Rubinstein) Mrs Abramowski; Recital, " How we Beat the Favoiite" Mr J. Roach ; song, " The Donkey "Cart," Miss L. Gillespie ; Reading, " On Husb ands," Mr J. Roacli; song, " To the Wools," Mr Ternan ; recital, " Larry O'Dee and Widow McGee," Mr Roach; song, " The Fisher," Miss Leo; duet, " A.B.C.," Miss Gillespie and Miss Trewaek ; character sketches, Josiar, Sniggles, and Mary Jane, Mr Roach. Mr Roach kept liia audience almost spell-bound during ths red tals. In a clear voice, with perfect enunciation ' lie delivered both readings and recitals in a masterly style. Whether in the sentimental or comic Mr Roach has a pleasant way of fetching the people. His happy conversational manner when speaki-g to a supposed second party, as for instance in the recital " Mr Caudle's Hat," is something far in advance of the ordinary amateur. He appears to he well versed in stage bnsiness, and infuses much of the dramatic element into his plays. During the rendering of each of the items the least whisper, might be heard in the hall," showing how the attention of the au lience was rive tied to the performer. We hope to hear Mr Roach more frequently. Miss Lee sang in a pleasant stylo, with good voice and effect. A promising young amateur is Miss L. Gillespie, and'after her per formances on Friday we feel sure she will take part in future concerts. Tho two songs the little girl sang were rendered really well, and in thljm the vocalist clearly proved thai; she is capable of taking compositions of greater range, Mrs Gillespie presided at .the piano in both pieces. Miss T. McGillick, who is always a favorite in Terowie gave "Dublin Bay" even more spiritedly than she has previously. And Mr Ternau sang in his usual brilliant style. Dr. Abramowski, President of "the Institute, moved a vota of thanks to Mr Roach for hi3 kindness in providing the evening's amusement, and also to the ladies and gentlemen who so readily came forward and assisted. The ^National Anthem terminated a most enjoyable Enteitainmeut. A Threat.—Newspaper proprietors are the recipients of perhaps more legal documents than most people. They are constantly, threatened with- some coming calamity. It is ganerally eouched in term3 intimating an apology for Borne imaginary wrong, or an action for damages. In the former case if the proprietor thought him self that he had erred the cheapest way out of the difficulty would certainly be by the most humiliating means—apologise. We have been called upon to do this in te?m3 which arc as "impudent as they are offensive, and have even 'been told our duty in the matter in a style dictatorial and suggestive of those from Vhom •'such a monstrous proposal is made. We assert here that we intend to make such comments up ' on the practices of bookmakers as occur to us 1 necessary; that on any occasion we can warn ' the public against certain games' being played *on a race-course or elsewhere-we shall do it fearlessly. We have a perfect right to speak "upon the subject, and will do so irrespective of 'whom we offend. We never said a bookmaker jumped a fence with certain suni3 of money. We suppose if he did so his companions would 'say that it was not "turf etiquette." From the insolent document in our hands it would "appear that we have no right to criticise questionable games of chance. We are not so ' easily frightened; and would indeed be sorry "to offer any apology. It would rathe/" be our duty to repeat what we have already stated, :and which is known to be too true by the famous trickster we know of. Sir Pendlebury of Terowie, will accept process of any legal "document on our behalf. Hob.se Stealing.-At the Silver ton Police 'Court, last week, It. C. Marsh was charged with "stealing a bay horse, the property of Messrs 'Bleechmoro Bros., of Terowie. Prisoner stated that the horse was given him by a mam named Raynor in part payment of a debt of £ ISO. 0. Raynor, in evidence deposed to having bought the horse at an auction sale, and together with 'seven others sold the lot to prisoner. Believed "the breeder of the horse lived between Lancelot ;ahd Terowie, named Nolan. The accused was 'discharged. Held over.—Our Melbourne letter, and other matters of interest. The Ghost Discovered.—The Yanyarrie 'ghost has been discovered, and has been found to be nothing else than a boy with a string and ;a stone, the police being witnesses to the fact "while endeavouring to unravel the mystery, , Wolfe's Schnapps, Be sure you obtain Wolfe's Schnapps as it is the only genuine 'Schnanns. SoCIAIi TO I>". C'OCEBuIlN'.— A Y5VJ success ful social took place at Jam estown, last week, in honor of Dr Oockhuni, lata member for Cue Burra. Mrs Allen provided a spread in the In stitute. The Mayor (Mr Thomas) occupied the chair, and the vice-chairs were filled by Dr Brummitfc, of the "Burra, and Mr Jas- Wilkin son. Mr i)\ W. Holder, M.P., was present, and apologias were received from Mr Roua •sevell, M.P., and Dr Abramowski, of Terowie. The usual speeches were made, and some, com plimentary, and well-deserved attributes of praise bestowed upon the guest, who had for so long enjoi'cu the respect of every person in the district. gjMr E. Stephenson, J.P., of Terowie, with Mr P. Pendlebury and Mr G.K. Jenkins, J.P., were present. Mr Stephenson responded on behalf of the visitors, and made appropriate reference to the "worth of their guest. A hand somely illuminated address was presented Dr Coekburn on his leaving the district, Tbek-Plaxtixg. — The favorable weather which has set in has been taken advantage of by a number of residents in our town for the pur pose of planting young trees, and making pre paration for others. We have arranged with the Conservator of Forests for 1000 trees of various kinds, to be procured from the Bunda leer Nursery, and those desirous of planting trees this season may secure a number by mak ing application at this oiSes during the coming wec-k. It is our intention to procure the trees free from any expense.with a view of fostering tree-plantiug in our town : and we trust as many as possible will avail themselves of this easy means- whereby they can obtain young plants. The distribution cannot take place immediately, but no delay will be caused as soon, as the number are applied for. Humbug.—A Fromo elector (says the Areas Express) writes to the Terowie Enterprise and explains"," that Mr Copley's rejection was owing to his actis.il in raising the Dog Tax, because the Gladstone Farmers' Association wanted it.1' [What miserable subterfuges some so-called men resort to in order to cover their short-com ings. Can you imagine a common Dog Tax be. ing urged as a misdeed against an otherwise re liable and trustworthy political life, and mark tha petty spite, " because the Gladstone. Far mers' Association wanted it-." Humbug, and again we say humbug, Frcme elector.] Electioxs —Mr James Maioom, Miller, of Wallaroo, is a candidate for the Northern dis trict at the coming elections for the seat- render ed vacant by the death of the Horn J. Crozier. Tiie Totalizator.—A correspondent '* Com mon sens?," writer to the Reijlsler as follows :— " Your correspondent 'Law and Order ' appears to write under considerable, excitement, which .may account for h?3 remarks regarding the ' severe flogging'which he desiderates for tiie practical exponents of the totalizator and for ■ hia other equally intemperate deliverances. After airing his opinions as to corporal punish ment. etc., he proceeds to say that *' the colony does not need Parliamentary sanation to pave the way to the Stoekad®,' and I would feel obliged if he would favour the public with the names of any present occnpieis of apartments in that institution who are there in eoi^scue: cs of using the totalizator. I fancy he will find j that a matter of some difficulty, though it would cost little trouble to find at Dry Greek a goodly number of boarders who were comparatively recenbly ornaments of the Christian Uhureh, which your hysterical correspondent delights to honour." . A Valuable O-uioe.—We have received 'an _ excellent Manual for the Garden and Farm, dis tvibuted by Messrs -E. end W. Haekett, of Adelaide, lb contains '63 pages of useful information as to the growth of Sowers, cr manental plants, &c.;, with full directions for both field and garden. There are some well ex ecuted drawings of dowers, &c.;, and the book, which is well got up, was printed at the Reamer office, and will prove useful to all interested in either farming, gardening,, or forestry. We we will be happy to allow our friends to peruse the work. A universal panacea is almost sure bo be a universal imposition, that ebudantanhsm, y3"tr.nt as i.3 its trumpet, cannot blow into acceptability or repute. Those specifices that assume to cure everything, cme no tiling, and hence" it is that YV oia?e!s Schxappk is only a powerful safeguard agaiurq. gout, gravel, flatulency, dyspepsia, chronic or acute, nervous rkbPity, urinary, and renal obstructions, torpid liver, stagnant condition of the blood, nialasshmlation of food, vital exhaustion, and similar affection. Teetc»ja Diggers.—Perseverance hao been rewarded in the case of Mr James Co-k, and Mr Morris, of Mount Gambier (says the Border VYaieh). Si;-: months ago they left for Teetulpa and since then have labored hard and constantly and only found gold enough to keep themselves going, until last week. Then .Fortune smiled upon their labor, and a letter received a few days ago intimates that during that week the;/ obtained £500 worth' of gold for division between tliem. This v/ill give them renewed spirit to work on. They are the first Mount Gambier men that we are aware of who have had any luck worth recording, and there is no doubt the people in the district, will wish them continued success. OniC'iCET Concert—Wo would draw special, at tention to the programme appearing in another column of the Entertainment in the Institute this evening. The Dramatic part of the pro gramme v/ill comprise two of the moat interest ing pieces staged, laughable, and ireo from any thing but. what the most fastidious person could sit and listen to. Besides the vocal part the plays are interspersed with songs. 