ODDS AND ENDS. PLR JUPITER.] In reading your report of the proceeds at the late sitting of the Prospecting Board I was amused at some of the extraordinary applications made. The proprietors of one claim (two in number) in reply to the chairman said: we have held the claim for seven years. The chairman: how has it remunerated you ? The reply was : we have made more than wages the whole time. I observe further that there were two applicants applying for assistance near the celebrated Lock's Company, one of whom is 11 ear- ing the end of life, and the other close in his wake. These antiquated individuals, the representative said, had held possession of the mine for five years, and during that time had done numerous scratchings in addition. They had actually sunk a shaft 70 feet, 01- an average of one foot a month during the whole term above mentioned, and the amount of gold recovered from the mine was 16dwts. (retorted) from six tons, or an average of 2Jdwts. per ton. The assistance required was the modest sum of £300 only. Kow, Mr. Editor, I think the first applicants had a considerable amount of what is called colonial cheek in asking for £100 to sink an additional 50 feet to cut the Beehive reef, which was to cost the enormous sum of six shillings per foot, or a total of £15. Surely there must have been some mistake here. The chairman of the board evidently thought so too, when he facetiously remarked that they (the owners) were lucky men, and that he would have liked to have been in such a claim, adding that the application would be carefully considered. In reference to the Sandy Creek application the proprietors thought there was a good thing on, and no doubt, though not thinking they were doing so, yet they were actually turning their mine into a sort of miners' benevolent association. The same also may be said of the Welshman's Reef Co.'s application, as the company's legal manager showed that the property of the company was mortgaged over head and ears: but before finally caving in, thought it was juBt as well to try and tap some of the Government Grant before giving up the ghost. I think, however, we must credit the chairman «ind the board for havin. sufficient discernment for seeing througli these litde schemes. Before closing these remarks, I cannot omit drawing attention to the adroit application of Mr. Win. Williams and mate, to prospect the country somewhere between Maldon and Jim Crow, "where no doubt (as remarked Mr. Nankivell) there arc numerous reefs, but cannot say they contain gold." Now, I give credit to Mr. Williams, for he, I am sure, thought he would form a sung little party with his mate, and have a jolly time of it encamped in the ranges, drawing Government sugar ad libitum. I desire to put in a word or two abont our streets. They have been frequently reported upon -in your valuable paper; but the Council seem to ignore the hints given. There are some positive quagmires in portions of the following :—Adair-street, near Mr. Samuel Dabb's; Ireland-street, from Reef-street to German Club; Reef-street, from junction of Horasby-street to opposite Cullcn's dam; the street from Post-office, High- street, up to Court House ; the footpath west side of High-street, from Postoffice to Adair-street. This list I think will be enough to last tho road inspector till summer, when I will furnish him with another lot. I suppose there is no nse saying any thin more abont tree planting, but I woulu remark once more that the season for this work is fast passing away. A telegram from Sydney says:—Human bones were found by the police near Penrith whilst searching for a reported ghost. Itappearsthatafoul deed has been committed, and that the guilty one first attempted to bury his victim, but, not having proper tools, he tried cremation. A hole, started for the grave, was found near the remains, and close to the spot where the vision was reported to have been seen. Donald Matheson, a stock and station agent and partner of Donald Frascr Gollon, of Cannawigra station (near the Border Town) was found dead in his office at nine o'clock on Saturday morning, w ith his brains blown out, and an exploded revolver lying on the floor. Matheson was found face downwards, and had apparentiy committed suicide. Considerable excitement prevailed in Tarnagulla on Monday afternoon through a very rich reef having been discoved on the Swan Hill road, near Newbridge, on the Loddon River, by Irvine Brothers. A tindish of specimens was on view at Messrs D J. Duggan & Co.'s office. They presented a splendid spectacle, being richly studded with gold. Some of the stone was literally hanging together with gold. The reef is a well-defined one 18in. wide, and the gold was got 3ft down. Ou Saturday prospects as high as 5dwL to the dish were obtained The locality is on Hie opposite bank of the of die river to the Elmsford Estate recently sold to Mr. W are Coneland, who intends working it for alluvial deposits. John Stephen MlMahon, the third son of Alderman P. M'Mahon, of Sydney, was drowned in a .lagoon at Bellevue, Hraidwood, on Friday last, whilst endeavoring to reaver some ducks which he had shot The body has not yet been found. Never place fresli eegs .near lard, fruit, cheese, fish, or other articles from which any odour arises. The eggs are extremely active m absorbing power, aud in a very short time they are contaminated. "EODGH ON RATS."—Clears out rate, mice, roaches, flies, ants,, bed-bugs, beetles, insecbZ ttts^^V 1 "" 0^ e < * henJ - At 