OLDcTIrMUUMAgyJj \ ";Nibih of %iýdtis dtj:targifit dued aS ritel in the Chicag'etlAt?C A/d,) "do you. remember Anderson, ,the Wizard of the Ndrth,' he tAMid ?l eFiq a ff ft oij1laswmber y,?ars ago he closed his engagement at Co Vent Garelei tih'dardj fif g vifrHig1 M Hs querade ball and while the masquera dersefblilihIflldsidltt of&dMilo;'fevt'Elahm theatre took fire and was burned to the te windows add1 etyteearvin thleii lit?lIEf He wail called by some; tha inusismhtiba ofino the Evil One from the mariilldlitriQkPdfliA lietformed. t so i sao, aunla "One in particular I will mention{d! ". asked if any one in the audience wout?hlid lend him a Bank of England note, and an old dilapidated .£5 note, backed with nine signatures, was handed to him, the owner having just taken a note of the date and number of the note and the signatures, some of which were well known to the holder of the note. Professor Anderson took the note and hold it apparently in the flame of a candle until it was consumed, coolly remarking to the gentleman who handed it to him, 'I am sorry for your note.' The audience of course enjoyed the joke immensely,but after performing a few other tricks, he suddenly turned to the loaner of the note and said "'Where would you like to have your note from, this lemon or this loaf of bread ?' "The lemon was chosen, whereupon the wilaird severed the lemon in the centre and drew out a now, crisp Bank of England note of the same denomination, and handed it to the gentleman. Knowing the one he handed to the wizard was old, dirty, and with worn edges, a careful scrutiny was at once made. The date and number were found to correspond, and the indorsements on the back were intact I " The wizard enquired :-'Is that the note you gave me, sir?' and on receiving the re ply, ' It appears to be, but the one I gave you was an old note, but this is a now one," coolly replied: " It has gone through a cleaning process." Not feeling satisfied, the owner of tile note the next day showed it to the person lie received it from, and whose signature it bore, and said: 'In that your signature ?' "' Yes,' lie said, ' but that is not the note I gave you ; I gave you an old one.' " On the circumstances being explained, that two w~cut to the Bank of England and presented it for payment. The paying teller examined it carefully and paid it, and was then asked : ' Is that not a good one ? ' "He again examined it critically, and said : ' Yes, but it is remarkably clean and new for a note bearing that date. Why do you ask ? ' " He wse then told wlat had occurred, and invited the persons into the directors room, where the details wore given to a director. A member of the firm of Fair childs, counsel of the Bank of England, was summoned, and in his presence and that of a detective the circumstances were again related. The note was pronounced a good one, and the secret possessed by the wizard a ' most dangerous one' for the bank. It was arranged that a note which was privately marked and bore signatures especially put there, should be presented to the wizard the next night by the same person who gave him the ' mystery,' as it was called, the detective to sit by him and witness the operation. The note sent was an old £.100 bank post bill. The wizard took it, heated it in the same manner as he did the .£5 note, and with the same result, but how he did it no one could find olt." After his retirement from public lifea Ilerrmanl would tell inecdotes of iis life, but nothing domld ever induce him to per form any trick. Once, when a great diplo-' ualist begged him to show one of his tricks, Herrmann said: "I poieform no more mirucles now. Would that I could, thle would I make myself some 15 year's younger," The diplomatist dil not Insist, but when lie returned to the hotel he found his pocketbook gone. Ieo had his carrage examined, but nlotIing was found. Mean while a servant arrived with a little parcel which he gave to the diplomatist. In this parcel was the pocketbook and the follow ing letter :-" Sir,-I told you that imy days of magic were over. To-day, how ever, I do not know how, but you played me a trick. I found your pocketbook in my pocket. Involuntarily I took fromn it a bank note for 50 florins, and gave it to a poor family who were starving, Perceiving my mistake, I return your pocket-book, without the bank note, not wishing to deprive you of the pleasure of performing a good action. To the poor family this will be magic indeed." The diplomatist enjoyed the joke, and sent another note of 50 florius to make the miracle comlpletd. Amongst Herrmanns' most noted tricks was the appearance of 12 globes filled with water and goldfish, and their sudden dis appearance. Extending his left arm to the audience, le drew a handkerchief across it with his right, and in his left haind appeared a largo globe with goldfish swiumming around in it. Again lihe threw the handkerchief acrose his arm, drawing it down over tko ;lolbo, and immediately there were two globes full of fish, one standing on the other; and so on until he had the full number. This was his greatest feat. His simulated suicide was also a cole brated specialty of hlir, and he would some times rehearse this in private. Once, for instance, when travelling in Prussia, he went to an inn with two friends. He supped with them quietly, and looked some what low-spirited. At last, drinking a- large glass of beer, lie said : "This is the last glass of beer, which I shall drink. I'm tired of living, and I mean to finish it,' saying which, he took a knife from beneath his coat and seemingly stabbed him self with it, the blood flowing from' the wound on to the chair and ground. In a moment the whole place was in confu sioi-the women ran out of the houeo, screaming; the police, gendarmeos, doctors, mugistrate, litter, all ran tothe inn. When everyone was around the seemingly dying man hlie jumped up, bowed, and burst into a loud laugh. But no one re-ochod the, lauigh. The women screamed moro than ever, thinking him to be the ghost of himself. The magistrate protested in the nuaie of the law being outraged, the doctors protested in the name of science, and the gendarmes threat onod to take him to prison. It was long be fore Herrmann could calm them and explain the trick le haud just performed gratis to amuse uhis friends. Ie never tried the ex periment again, however, but lie was very fond of telling the anecdote to hus friends.: .; Says the Vienna correspondent of the London iimes:--"Herrmann was a truly extraordinary conjurer, and his feats had won for him, not only a number of decora tions, but a very largo fortune, of which he mido tihe most generous use. Only last week he sent 100fr. no the sufferers of the Opera Comique fire. Tall and thin, with a mous tache and chin tuft,like Napoleon III,Herr mann could by a contraction of his facial muscles, so alter his features as to be un recognisable. But his most surprising per formances were with legerdemain, and his fondness for practical joking made lIim delight to exhibit hie prowess in publis places where ie was not known. In a restaurant he would ask the waiter for bread, aind when the waiter arrived with a plateful of roll, HIerrmann would mildly reprove him for absent mindedness in hay ing brought a plate of walnute. How the rolls had been transformed into walnuts was the conjurer's secret. Herrmann was twice married, first to tlm famous singer Rosa Czillag, from whom he was divorced, and second to a French lady, who survives him." CoNsourTlON, Scrofula, General .Debility, Wasting Diseases of Children, Chronio Coughs and Broonchitis, can be cured by the use of " Scott's Emulsion of Pure Cod Liver Oil with lgypophoaphites." Prominent physlcians use it and testify to its groat value. Please read the following:g-"It gives me great plessureto assaure you that 'Scott's Emulsion' has proved very successful in my praotioe. I hase pre scribed it largely and without a single failure. The nourisahir,:g powers of 'Scots's Emulsion are very marked and certain; its taste slagree able it does not, so far as I hive beard, repeat. I recently gave it in a ease of long standing tnubercular disease, and at the end of a week waus nastonislod at the improvement of the patient. Faithfully yours, J. HISLOP Jol?NsoN, M.1., etc., Dalkeith, Mhid-Lothian, Suotland." Sold by all chemists in large and small bottles, 5s and 2s 6d. Wholesalo by L. Fairthorne and Son, St. John.street, Launceston, 