Crtrmba Cold. Bright Wintry. Theatre. RaceB to-morrow, " Human Nature." Pensioners all Ion-; liveis. Obit.—Sir Charles Cooper. Viceregal picnics this week. Railway revenue looking sp. Another windfall for Johnnie. Barometer at noon to-day, 30-23. Railway revenue for April, £54,030. Bathurst has got a bran new Bishop. No top-sawyers amongst unemployed. Sunbeam carries 9,200 yards of canvas. Government House fall to overflowing; Diptheria about—watch the little ones. Cradock ghost goes to roost at daylight. Mounted Infantry companies increasing, Bonlanger all ready for friend Bismarck, An elephant fish caught at the Semaphore. St. Peter's wants a few special constables. The Chief Justice to the Governor's rescue, French army ready for another scrimmage. Jack most nut "hump" cargo into store now. Glenelg Institute turned the corner at last. Opera Comique, Paris, burnt—twenty lives lost. Union Parliament haB caught the caucus fever. A Brassey Cup for S.AY.C 's next regatta. Drapers' cashboys now " invented" out of a living. Fair wages being made at grubbing in the Desert. Late Mr. Singleton's estate valued at £37,000. Mr. J. H. Angas will stand for the Council. Couldn't somebody favour us with a "Jubilee Jig 2" About time those levee apologies were finished. Unemployed leaving city to- morrow—33, 6d. a day. Narracoorte Railway to be opened by Governor. We could spare two or three more State pensioners. Protective duties on imports and bonntiea on exports. Plot against the Sultan discovered. Favourites exiled. Cantata rehearsal to night. Shams to be weeded ont. An official dinner at Government House on Accession Day. Mr. W. Geddes Taylor has composed ""The Football Polka." Mr. J. H. Angas is a candidate for the Central District. Admiral Fairfax has accepted the Governor's invitation. Nobody to meet the " Adelaides" in Mel-, bourne. Shame! Fearfully high seas this week off Cape Northumberland. Not every man fit to be a topsawyer—you ask our Sir John. " A man who can't learn top-sawing is only fit for a scullery." Marine Board still at sixes and sevens over eesTien'8 tanners. Canon Camidge, of Yorkshire, is the new Bishop of Bathurst. Is St. Peter's College hard up that it. is selling all its gum trees ? The Government Geologist is able to fit up for a few hours daily. Some Glenelgites not satisfied with the Town Hall arrangements. Sydney City Councillors at loggerheads over celebration of Jubilee. Fifty shillings a week at forestry work not good enough for corner men. Another four-letter word for God is in the Gaelic language, viz., " Dhia." Female nurse in Asylum has 100 patients to look after. Retrenchment ? Batch of Melbourne M.P.'s coming to Adelaide to meet Delegate Deakin, Adelaide National Bank shareholders have to defer to the Melbourne Board. Admiral Fairfax coming with H.M.S. Nelson for opening of Exhibition. Jubilee rifle meeting on August 23 and four following days; £800 to be shot for. Another grie vance—two federated Jacks have gone to Bea with non-unionists. What with Protectionists and bounty men consumers would have a lively time. Late chief officer of the Cheviot haB left a widow, three children, and a mother. Is it true that each student of the Adelaide University has coat the conntry £5,030 ? Sun rose at 6.58 a.m.; sets at 4.55 p.m. Moon rose at 10.26 a.m.; sets at 8.57 p.m. "Cui Bono" thinks it time oar parsons dropped their snarling. The Ayes have it. Only nine men out of Thursday's mob willing to earn a living in Willowie Forest. Monnt Gambier and Narracoorte Railway will be opened by the Governor on Jane 16, Congratulatory birthday telegram from Victoria replied to by the Grand Old Woman. Sir Charles Cooper drew a pension of £1,000 per annum from..South Australia for 25 years. Our General hit upon the right idea when he proposed the formation of moonted .infantry companies. It was the Local, not the Central, Board oE Health that approved of butterine. Now, who was the boss connoisseur! Miss O'Gorman warmly thanked last night for her lectures, and presented with an address of sympathy from the Orangemen. Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., with his characteristic generosity has given a trophy worth 40 guineas to be filed for at the Jubilee Kifle Meeting. In Cape Colony and Natal we have 3,265 officers and men, 1,714 at Hongkong, 1,357 at he Straits Settlements, and 1,456 at ffniifft^ Nova Scotia. An " Old Pioneer" askc—" Why can't the Treasurer engage the ' unskilled' unemployed in trundling the children of the Day Nursery, about in perambulators?" Now, then, ladies, emulate Lady Brassey 'a noble example, and dispatch your surplus literature to the Marine Board for the nse of the lonely light-keepers on our seaboard. Quotation for to-day—Coronation of Alexander III. of Russia, 1883 :— Frae mom to e'en if s nought bat toiling At baking, roasting, frying, boiling; An' though the gentry first are stechin, Yet even the ha' folk filltheir pechan. A conntry paper, acknowledging the receipt of a pamphlet favouring protection, says:— We once read a book written to prove that the world is fiat, and we are now pondering over the problem which author lathe greater " crank." 