, /?? t Y '? -Hrt»-.^CiV .. ;? .. ? SPEAKING at a jiieoUng --f the Con gre«ationsl Union iaal Week, Db. Dale wii inany of them were aware that iir. .Spurgeon had recently withdrawn from the Baptist Union on the ground that ih his belief large numbcrb of Baptist ministers were unfaithful to the great evangelical traditions, and also on the Rrouiid that their preaching was not likely to sustain and deepen the Inyality of their churches to Christ. The action of 41 r. Spurgson concerned them as well as the churches with which Mr. Spurgeon was asuociateil; for at home however it might be here, between themselves and their Baptist' brethern the rela tions were most intimate and most vital. (Hear, heir.) Now, accord ing to the telegram that bar! been received in these colonies within the last few days, Mr. Spurgeon rested hit action on the belief that very many Baptist ministers were^'estrnv ing the faith of their peop'.e in the Holy Scripinres, hud ceaited loin-Hew in the Sktonement effected by t'-.c Lord Jems Christ for the sin of man kind, noionjrer tnught that men were to be saved or justified by faith, hud ln*t fctlMr tttlint in Ar-« rwntnniklitv nf the Holy Spirit and in theeverh sting pnnikhment of the lost. These were grave charge*, and he ventured to think that they were charges whether they could be sustained or not, they deserved the devout and serious consideration of a great Christian assembly like that. Hi' belived himself that the tears of bis distinguished friends, tor whom every Christian man all tne world over ought to entertain tbe deepest affec tion and veneration — (applause) — were at least exaggerated. (' Hear, hear.') Hen who had drifted away from the traditional path of course, became conspicuous ; they stood apait from the crowd. A man who had given op belief in any faith in which those with whom he was asioeiated still believed wrote books. sent letters to the newspapers made it evident to all around that he had parted from the faith which once he held. Those who retained the faith did not write books; they did not feel it necessary to write to news papers in order to define the position which they retained. HU (Or. Dale'*) conviction was that Mr. Spurgeon enormously exaggerated 'the extent to which his brethren ol the Baptist churches in England had given up the traditional evangelical creed'— had exaggerated it partly for the reason, that those who had given up. any article of the creed naturally talked a 'good deal mare abaut their renunciation of the taith of their fathers than tbe men talked to whom the faith was atill desr. But it was incontestable that for many years there has been going on a process of gradual decay in the theology of Puritanism, and that there has been going on, though much more slowly, a reconstruction of the intellectual expression of the great troths of the Christian faith among those to whom those troths were extremely dear, and h« thought that some of the alarms that were felt, not merely by enrineat men like Mr. Spurgeon, but by many private members of the ehurches, bad arisen from not dis tinguisbing with sufficient clearness between theology snd faith. Theology was the intellectual expression of tbe spiritual faith of tbe church. Thert might be great changes in theology, while tbe faith remained absolutely unchanged. If any theology was to secure a firm hold of ths intellect of the Christian cbureb, that thenlcgy must be present in the life of the church belore it took form i« scientific definition .The Christian church, of eaily centuries had long regarded Chri.il as dirine before the Nieene Creed gave it a dentmion ol Bis oiviniti'. lo Vote early centuries Christian men relieved that Christ would judge the world ; they believed that having seen Him tSe.v hsd setn the Father ; they belived that through Him, and especially through His death they were to have the remission ol sins, they trusted Him to defend them against the spiritual perils with which they were environed. All those trusts impl:el that Christ occupied s position absolutely unique. Then the theologians hail to define the truth that had already wrought into the veiy substance nf the life of those who had received the Christian Gospel; they defined the divinity nf Clni-t after the chuich iiad learnt to regnr.l Chiiit ? ? /tlirtnA NntD it It'll i-ani nlivlnnu that the intellectual expression of the contents nf ntith mu-t vary from a;-e to ago with the intellectual dis cipline and methods of the theolo gians and scholars by which the faith was expressed ; and, he repeated, the contents of faith might remain though the theological conception of those contents varied. He cared a great deal for theojogy. He believed that the'inteilect had its rights in relation jto religious faith as well as in relation to nil other provinces of human speculation. He believed thtt:ti)*^-eglect of theology on the part of tbe churches during tlie last 40 or BO years and the disposition to depreciate it had hud most disastrous tflwtpilioth upon our thought and ?i«Mi-S-ur lite. But he cared ^bhfaiely-flot for theology, but for «f «*w* the grett appeals to Christian' faith were directly ex erting upon the conscience and upon the lite of those who received Christ as the Sariour of the ruce, as the re velation of the Eternal Ood, as the Redeemer ol all those who put their trust in Him. What he wanted to learn, therefore, wa* not whether great changes were passing Upon the theological conceptions of these great truths to which Mr. hpurgcon re tailed, but whether the substance of those great truths was leuining its old legal authority over t!-e lifo and faith of the churches in those colo nies. Among the members of the Congregational churches the life of the church was of supreme import ance. They made their images as the heathens made their gods — after their own imoge. What they were, their ministers sooner or later are sure to become. And, inslead of in quiring into the theology of minis ters, he preferred to inquire into the life of the churches. Having en larged on this subject, Dr. Dale con cluded as follows : — I am anxious to impress on the hearts of nil Christian people to whom I have the opportu nity of speaking, whether under these southern skies or at home — I want to remind them that already tho personal Spirit of tho Ettrnul actually dwells in thrin; tlmt tliry have not to appeal with pa*-Rionntu outcries to God to sendt he Spi'it — the Spirit has come os tiuly nn Christ has come, and every man that bas found Christ hits received the Spirit of Christ— the Spirit of tho Father ; and I want V'« to consider how great and wonderful are tliu possibilities suggested by that great gift — what kt-owledge you may have concerning Go! and things divine since the Spirit dwells in you. what power for Christian righteousness cince the Spirit dwells in you, what passion of devotion to Cod since the Spirit dwells in you, what victories of faith since the Spirit dwells with you, what hopes of glory, honor and immortality since the Spirit dwells in you. Don't mea ure your perso nal strength against the details of Christian perfection suggested by the character and teaching' of Christ. Despair of no sanctity. Why should you, you the children of the Eternal, who have been made partakers 'I the divine nature — the inspired men and inspired women — you who have received the Holy Ghost, although the Holy Ghost may have been sup pressed by your negligence and youi unbelief? All things are possible t.n thftun in whnm finA ^waiIm nrw God dwells in you — in your personal life and in your church life, His Eternal Son has descended from the heights of His throne to make your nature His own, and that you may receive the forgiveness of sin ; you have been drawn into union with Christ so that the life that dwells in Christ i* your.*, and you with Him are heirs to the glory of God, and the Spirit of God dwell* in you All things are possible to those who are thus inspired. (Loud applause.) 