" THE REDEMPTION." The announcement some time since that the Adelaide Musical Association intended to produce " The Redemption," which was regarded by Gounod as the crowning work of his life, excited a very considerable interest in musical circles in this city. The work was first performed at the Birmingham Musical Festivalon August 30,1883, and was considered as one of the most important compositions of the present age. As a tone painting of the subject which it illustrates, it may bear favourable comparison with the best writings of such masters as Beethoven and Handel. The Trilogy is divided into three parts, and is dedicated to Her Majesty the Queen. The composer states that it is a " Lyrical setting forth of the three great facts on which depends the existence of the Christian Church." These facts are "The Passion and Death of the Saviour, His glorious life on earth to His resurrection and ascension, and the spread of Christianity in the world through the mission cf His apostles." These three parts are preceded by a prologue on the Creation, the fall and the promise of a Redeemer. Long before 8 o'clock on Tuesday night the spacious Town Hall was completely Ailed, and the management were reluctantly compelled to close the sale of tickets. After the gallery and floor of the hall had been filled the organ galleries were made use of, and still there were many more seeking admission who had to be turned away. Such an unusual state of things speaks volumes for the popularity of the Association, and specially of the high estimate which had been formed of the work which was to P9 performed, Jt was announced that 186 persons would take part in the concert, and probably there were on the platform quite that number. As the success of this work depends principally upon the orchestra special efforts were made to obtain the services of the best instrumentalists that were procurable. It is only lately that we have been able to secure the assistance of the French horn, which in the orchestra has so marked an effect in this composition. A harp was also included amongst the instruments to play a special part in one number, but alone it had but little effect, and certainly was not BO telling as the composer intended the part should be. The cornets stationed behind the chorus, when trumpets were intended, were effective, though, of course, could not produce the sounds that Gounod desired when he wrote the music for those instruments. The orchestra, however, on the whole was well arranged considering the disadvantages under which a conductor has to labour when unable to procure the assistance of entirely professional instrumentalists. It may here be mentioned that Gounod in this work has, in a marked manner, written after the Wagnerian school, making the orchestral features of his work undoubtedly more prominent than the choral. Thus, while ia several of the choruses the voiceB are singing in unison the instruments are elaborating the most exquisite harmonies and enchanting themes. This renders the successful production of such a work almost a task of Herculean difficulty when the resources at hand are considered, and the greatest credit is due to Mr. Stevens for the manner in which he has succeeded in working up an orchestra composed principally ol amateurs in so short a time to such a pitch of perfection. Indeed in very few instances were there any noticeable failingB. The arrangement of the large chorus and band was such as to give the conductor absolute command over those under his baton, At 8 o'clock His Excellency the Governor and suite arrived, accompanied by His Honor the Chief Justice. The Acting-Premier, the President of the Legislative Council, and His Worship the Mayor were also present. Their entry was acknowledged by the full chorus and orchestra performing the National Anthem, Mrs. James singing the solo. After the viceregal party were seated the conductor's baton waB raised, and the opening notes of the overture by the reeds and horns were heard commencing the weird opening of the overture depicting the "Creation." Then followed a peculiar passage played by the strings in that chromatic style so characteristicof thecomposer. Beginningpianissimo a gradual crescendo was admirably worked up to a grand burst of fortissimo at the tinale of this all too short movement. The opening of the vocal numbers marks a striking peculiarity of the composition. Instead of the usual style the "narrators" deliver almost throughout the entire work their recits in a sort of monotone, which, unlets rendered with a clear enunciation, BO that the subject may be followed, becomes, somewhat: monotonous, rhe first recitative by Mr. J. T. Cook (tenor) was well'delivered, and at once won the admiration of the audience. He possesses a clear, light tenor of considerable compass and of much purity, which is well worthy of .cultivation, At times his . phrasing was not so perfect as could be desired, and towards the end he appeared to have tired his voice. But when tbe extraordinary difficulties of the notation are considered—difficulties which at first sight might well appear insurmountable to an ordinary amateur, it must be admitted that Mr, Cook was eminently successful in his rendering of the music allotted to him. In his narrative of " Jesus Appearing to the Holy Women" he was slightly at fault. His beat performance was in the number in which the " Saviour's address to his Virgin Mother" is announced. This was sung with great taste and feeling, displaying the sympathetic quality of his voice eminently. The principal basso part was taken by Mr. J. J. Virgo, who like Mr. Cook, has previously not taken a prominent position on the concert platform in this city. His voice is one of much promise, but reauires cultivation for the production of those effects which with his natural powers would be a matter of ease to him. In several of his recite, where the declamatory style is necessary he wad specially successful, especially so in the duet between the two thieves, and agaiu where he had the sanation of the circumstances attending the descent of the Holy Ghost. The soprano solos were sung by Mrs. J. James, but contrary to the general custom in oratorio writing the soprano has in the "Redemption" comparatively but an inferior position, the principal solos being written for tenor and bass. Mrs. James was hardly BO successful as might have been expected from so accomplished a vocalist. Her peculiar habit of using the portamento was most noticeable in several instances, where a clear attack of thenotes would havebeen much more effective. Herdelightfully clear resonant voice was, however, eminently adapted to the few solos she had to Bing, and her unstrained attack of the C in alt was such as to provoke applause even when the audience had almost throughout the concert decorously abstained from showing their appreciation in the usual manner. In the concerted numbers Mrs. James was remarkably correct, and displayed eminently her skill as a musician. Miss McDermott (contralto) sang the "Angel's Song" in the " Resurrection and Ascension" very correctly, rendering this chromatic movement exactly, but her voice is hardly such as might be considered the best contralto procurable. It is somewhat hard and unsympathetic, though as a leader in a chorus with her correct reading would prove of great value. Mr. H. G. Nash, one of our beBt baritones, was BuccesBful in his rendering of the solos in which the Saviour's words aregiven. Hissinging throughout was marked by that study which usually characterizes his performances, though once or twioe a more vigorous treatment of the theme would have been advisable. When tbe Saviour appears to the apostles and addresses them with the words, "Be not afraid," it would be imagined that life and spirit should be infused into the address, which was intended to reassure the faltering and fearful followers instead of merely exhorting them to cast off their fears. In one instance Mr. Nash, too, was slow in his opening notes. The few duets, trios, and quartets occurring in the work were perhaps the only weak points in tbe whole performance, though considering the material upon which tne conductor nad to work the failings in these features were not without excuse. The Bemichoruses, sung by about twelve, were, however, excellently rendered. Next to the orchestra the highest praise is due to the choruB. Those who know anything of the music can understand what almost insuperable difficulties of notation abound in the choral numbers of the " Redemption." They comprise the most unusual variations in key, and occasionally of time. Yet, notwithstanding this, the choruses were remarkably well Bung. Occasionally there was a want of smartness in some peculiar change of key, when & few of the leading sopranoB were heard slightly before the other parts, but generally there was that exact precision which bespeaks the thorough drilling of a conductor who is a master of his business. In_ the unisonal choruses especially every voice seemed to strike and finish the notes exactly together. Theshortone-beatrests were accurately observed, and the crescendos and diminuendos in numberless instances were splendidly worked out. Without this proper regard for light and shade the best of music is little better than mere noise, and to the credit of tbe conductor it is to be noted that he never fails to give effect to the composer's design in this direction. In the " Redemption" the composer has undoubtedly given the premier position to the orchestra, as the whole success of the music is dependent upon the instruments. In several of the unisonal choruses the orchestra has occasionally the working out in a most elaborate manner the subject, and in the absence of the greatest care failure would be certain. In only one instance waB their indecision noticeable, and that was in the " Hymn of the Apostles," where, after a pause, they failed to attack the notes, but the soloists and conductor admirably contrived to avert an awkward mishap. The " Calvary March" and notably that sublime illustration of the " Darkness" were specimens of instrumentation which have rarely been produced before an Adelaide audience, in the former the alternating fortissimo and pianissimo bars were played with absolute precision, and in the latter the weird effect intended by the composer was most skilfully brought out. It must have been the unanimous opinion that never before have we had presented in Adelaide so masterly an interpretation of such music, and as before stated the lion's share of the credit is due to those who were included in the orchestra. Speaking generally cf the concert it must be admitted that Mr. Stevens has achieved an immense success. _ With material far inferior to what might be considered necessary to give a fair representation ot the idea of MODS. Gounod, and with all the obstacles which follow the absence of professional musicians, he has delighted the musical public with such an exhibition as they have never before enjoyed. With an almost perfeet chorus and orchestra, and with fairly good poloists, he has presented to us the Redemption '—a far more difficult work than the ordinary oratorios—in such a manner as to afford us a very fair idea of what must have caused such a sensation at the Birmingham Musical Festival, when the choice of tbe best English vocalists was open to the conductor. In the management ana control of ill those under his command Mr. Stevens has proved himself to be a thorough master, and we hope that he may long remain in the city to affcrd us further opportunities of enjoying the result of his skilL Mention of the services of Mr. McBride (leader). Signor Squarise (principal violoncellist), and Mr. Pybus (organist) must be made, for to these gentlemen much of the success of the orchestra is attributable. The Association will at once take into rehearsal Sullivan's " On Shore and Sea," Squarise's " Miserere," and sundry part-Bongs, which will form the programme of a concert to be given in about two months' time. 