f*to mû 3MtWtz. j [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] THE TRACK OF THE STORM. A NOVEL. BY DORA RUSSELL. Author of " Footprints in the Snow," Broken Seal," Ac., tc., Ac. [TUB HIGHT OF TRANSLATION IS RESERVED.] CHAPTER IX.-THEIR SON-IN-LAW. To say Joe Munster« words were a shock to the good man who listened to them, is to give a very poor idea of thc Hector's feelings when he heard that Jack still lived. In a moment he thought of Lucy-of Lucy and her wedding day so near I He grew ab- solutely pale. He stared at Joe, who with his shaking bands now commenced to draw out a letter. " How do you know I" at last faltered the Rector. " Because he has written," answered Joe with his clammy lips. "It's his own hand- writing, there is no mistake. He's had brain fever and boen in a hospital at Lisbon. He was picked up at sea by an outward-bonnd ship, and his head was hurt, and they put in at LiBbon and left him there. No one knew who he was, and be could not tell them, and he's lain there ever since ; but he's come round now." " And you mean to tell me the letter is from Jack-from Jack himself T" " From Jack himself. You may read it." And Joe held out a letter written on foreign paper ; but the handwriting was not foreign -the Rector also kne* it well-the familiar handwriting or Jack Munsters. " My dear Joe," read the Rector, with a strangely moved heart. " By this time I dare say you have given up all hope of ever seeing me again. I can scarcely believe my senses when I find what day and what month this is, and remember that nearly two months have passed away that have been utterly blank to me. You know, of course, the poor little Lucy foundered on the morning of the 9th of October, almost in sight of the Northumbrian coast. For days we had had bad weather, and the yacht was terribly strained, and we were trying to make for Nortbwick harbour, when the tremendous gale of the 8th and 9th caught us, and I soon saw all hope was over. "I never shall forget the morning of the 9th when the dawn broke over the wild sea, and I knew os the waves swept the deck, and the poor little Lucy quivered under the mass of water, that we would never see the land. I wrote a tncsBape os I stood there, looking death ia the face, and placed it ia a bottle. I wonder if the sea ever carried it home. I thought of you all, you may be sure, in this, which I truly believed was my last hour. I told the men to prepare themselves for thc worst, and some of them lashed themselves to spars, and some took life-belts. No boat could live in such a sea, but wc tried to launch one, and as we were doing this, two tremendous waves lapped over the yacht, and she settled down and never rose again. " As I felt her going I leaped into the sea, and found myself struggling in the huge waves. I looked around for the other poor fellows, aud 1 saw Railston, who also had a life-belt. I had one, bnt I did not see any hope. I was carried on and on-whirled on, rather, like a feather in the air-until I be- came unconscious, and I remember nothing more distinctly until I found myself lying in hospital here, as an unknown sailor picked up by a Í renell ship at sea. The Frenchmen putin at Lisbon to coal ; but the crew could give no account of me except that they tried in the gale to run for shelter to Northwick harbour, but gave up thc attempt, and sometime dur- ing the morning of the 9th I was seen floating close to the ship, and the sailers succeeded in saving me. My head struck against the ship's side, however, a« they dragged me up, and was badly hurt, and 1 remained quite in- sensible during the rest bf the voyage, and they left me here. I have been at death's door here I am told, with brain fever, and am still very ill. Hut I bave my senses all right again, and remember everything up to the time wheu thc Lucy went down. Please take this letter to the Rector, Joe, and when you write or come, tell me how they all are, and tell them I hope now soon to see them again. Were any of the other poor fellows picked up ? I Bee poor HaÜBtou's face still, as I saw it last amid the surging sea I I trust to hear that he, or at least some of them, are saved, as there was a ship not far off when the Lucy foundered. And send me some money please, at once-a hundred poundB- I shall want some to give the good people here who have been so kind to me. And with love and kind regards to old Madge, " I remain, your affectionate brother. "J. MÜNSTERS," The tetter was dated from a hospital iu Lis- bon a few days back, and as the Rector re- turned it to Joe, he said almost solemnly : "So! God has snared poor Jack's life, then-well, I am glad, I am glad 1" And he turned away MB bead. And he was glad-j-liow could he but be glad that the bright young face he remem- bered since Jack was a boy had not gone down amid the cruel sea I But Lucy ? The Rector's heart was strangely disturbed with- in him, thinking what it was now right to do. But one day offner wedding day I And yet not to tell her-that her friend, her lover, whom she had so passionately mourned-still lived I The Rector, in truth, could not decide. He looked at Joe, and asked again for the letter. "May I show it to'Mrs. King?" he said, and Joe nodded his head and sat disconsol- ately down, feeling as if he hod been de- frauded of the goods and chattels whose possession bad been so pleasant to him. Hie eyes happened to fall on the sleeve of hie black coat, and a sickly grin distorted his lips. All thc expense fae had gone to for nothing ! He had ordered a tomb-stone, and it was coming homo this week ; if poor Jack's ghost had arrived instead of his letter, it could not have created more consternation in the heart of Joe I In the meanwhile Mr. King had gone to his wife's bed-room, where he found ber on her knees arranging some finery in a trunk in the expectation of her journey next day. She looked up and smiled as her husband went in. " I hope our new son-in-law will admire my bonnet, Bbe said ; " I expect Louisa will say my whole dress is too juvenile- but what matter, we need not ta be so afraid of Louisa now 1" " Felicia," began the Rector, almost in a faltering voice, "the strangest thing has happened." '. What has happened ?" asked Mrs. King, sharply, still on her knees. " Joe Munsters has had a letter-a letter from Jack himself-Jack is alive, and is io a hospital at Lisbon." Mrs. King sprang to ber feet, and her com- plexion suddenly faded. " No !" she cried, grasping her husband's arm ; " I cant believe it-I don't believe it this is just Borne mistake, like the other." "TbiBis no mistake, here ¡B the letter; read it yourself." Then Mrs. King read the letter, and as she did so knew there could be no mistake this time. Jack ManBterB was elive, and she now also thought ol Lucy. " And Lucy ? ' asked the Rector, with a faltering tongue. "Lucy! What has Lncy to do with it?" quickly answered Mrs. King, and her colour swiftly flushed bock into her cheeks. " Lucy is to be married the day after to-morrow what is this young man now to her ?" " We know what he once was-the question is, should she be told? " Certainly not. James, moat certainly not I What ! Tell her the very day before her marriage, and unsettled her for no purpose ; It would he madness to do so-you must see it would be madness?" "I can't make up my mind," asid th« Rector, with a restless sigh ; " Lucy was, nc ubt, very fond of poor Jack I" " Yet ehe could accept another man five or ?ix weeks after his ««uppÓBed death ! This does not look like very devoted love, does it f No, Lucy, like the rest of girls, was pleased to have a lover, and young Munsters was next door. James, do not breathe a word of this to anyone until after the marriage, at least !" " It may lead to mischief," said the Hector uneasily. " What mischief can it lead to ? Without behaving most dishonourably. Lucy could not break off with Sir William Harley now. Just think of the disgrace, the acaudal, if she attempted to do such a thing. I am certain Louisa would never speak to any of us again if she even attempted it : and don't forget what we owe Louisa, and al! the debts and troubles, James, that Lucy's marriage I hoped would cud." " My dear, it is a good marrige fur her but still-" "And young Munsters was a shocking mai riage, even at the beet ;" interrupted Mrs. King, eagerly. " And, James, don't forget she « as not engaged to him- there was really nothiog between them but a foolish flirtation, which I hoped thc sea had euded, sud I wish it had !" " Don't say that. Felicia, we muBt be glad the young man's life is spared ; and I liked Jack. It was strange, certainly ; and not like very deep love, as you say, her forgetting him sn snnn. " My dear. Lucy likes the world, and ad- miration, and pleasure, a great <i>al better than she ever liked Jack Munsters. She made a ridiculous fuss when he was supposed to have died, but I knew very well, and Louisa knew very well, that if ouce she were thrown in society again, her tuppoB d love for this young man would soon be forgotten. Nay I am certain, James, she would not thank you foi telling her the day before her wedding day that her old lover was still alive. Site might think it necessary to shed a few tears, amt Lucy would not care to appear with red eyes and a disfigured face." "Well, perhaps you are right-it might unsettle her-it might be unjust to Sir William Harley ; she has chosen bim of her own accord ; no one forced lier into it." "Certainly uo, one forced her into it. Louisa says she is quite radiant. My dear, do take my advice about this, don't disturb and distress the poor girl the day before her wedding-day." The Hector hesitated a moment or two longer, and then decided not to tell Lucy. '. As you say, it would make such a tremen- dous fuss," he 8-iid, " and your sister would never forgive us if Lucy broke alf the match -but I don't thinke she would do that?" " I am sure she would not and it would only make everyone uncomfortable for no- thing, to tell lier this wonderful story. When she is Lady Harley, she will receive the news quite coolly, you will see." The Hector said nothing more. He went downstairs again, and found Joe thinking of thc hundred pouuds of poor Jack's money which lie would be forced to send him, but whicli somehow seemsd to Joe as if it were abstracted from his own pocket. " Will you go to Lisbon for bim, Joe ?" now asked the Hector. "No," said Joe, slowly, "it would only increase the expense, and what good will it do? I will write." "Yee. An i Joe," hesitated the Rector, " I wouldn't tell bim any news that would be likely to disturb him, you know ; bcBt not mention Lucy's weddiug, I think ; but give our kiudest regards to him, and say how pleased we shall ull be to seo him, again." " Yes," said Jue, and he stared at the Hector blankly. He had l ad no intention of mentioning Lucy's wedding ; had in fact forgotten all about it in the overpowering shock of losiug poBsessiou of the lands of I^ec. And after he was gone the Rector tried to settle again to his work, but it was with an uneasy mind. Mrs. King ulso felt greatly disturbed at the unfortunate re-appearance of Jack Munsters. But thc husband and wife did not speak of it anymore. They avoided the subject, in fact, and started on their journey to town on the following morning, alike thinking of it, but in silence. Still thc Rector thought his wife's advice had been right when lie saw Lucy. They arrived at Mrs. Cranley-Forbes' liouBe at Queen's Gate about half-past seven o'clock, and Lucy, dressed for diuner in lier pretty white gown, ran dowu the broad staircase to receive her father and mother, and though she kissed her mother tiret, she lingered longest iu her father's arms. " Well," said the Hector rather huskily, for he was not a little agitated, " let me look at you, my darling." And he held ber a little away from him and looked in her fair face. There were no apparent signs there af grief or regret. "She is a lovely woman," her father thought ; " and I hope and trust we are acting for tho best." And it did seem indeed too late to speak to the girl now of her old love. Lucy showed them all the valuable wedding presents she had received, and her trousseau, and said with some of her old sauciness : " My new stepson called on me yesterday a fine-grown young man of twenty-six !" There WBB something hollow and mocking in her laugh, her father noticed, as she said this, and iudeed in her whole manner. And when the Rector was Sir William Harley, somehow it did not make him feel more con- tent regarding his daughter's future hap, piness. Sir \\\ illiam arrived to dine at Queen a Gate at half-paBt eight o'clock, and be introduced to the parente of his bride. And the great disparity between their ages struck the Hector with unpleasant force. But Sir William was apparently quite unconscious of this. At once the Rector's shrewd, humorous brown eyes perceived on what excellent terms with himself bis future son-in-law evidently waa. " I have pleasure in making your acquaint- ance," he said, shaking Mr. King's hand ; " and, ah-Mrs. King's. You see Lucy and I were determined not to delay our happiness. We did not believe with Pope, Mr. King-ah -of course, you know the quotation " Love, free as air, at sight of human ties Spreads hia light wings, and in a moment flies.' Mo-ah-human ties should consolidate love, in my opinion, and I believe that it ie so." " We must hope so, at all events," smiled the Rector a little grimly. " What does the bride say ?" asked her mother, with forced playfulness. "The bride declines to diseñes the subject," said Lucy. " Here is Aunt Louisa at last. You good people"-and she looked at her father and mother-" muBt be dying of hunger, I am sure! " (To be continued.) 