THE CAUCUS. A BALLAD OF RESPONSIBLE GOVERNMENT. SHOULD the fickle Muse not balk us, Should we not be stuck for rhyme, We will sing about a Caucus That was held once on a time: Should not rhyme or metre fail you, Shall be told how things are done In an Island (not Australia-- Don't suppose so, even in fun.) Many days' sail by the steamier Is the Island known as Flam, Which is governed by a Premier Who is called the Great Kiam: One who towers, as a tall steeple Over streets one storey high, O'er the Tribunes of the People, Who stand mute when he is by! Dwarfed by him are these, as Brahmas Dwarf the smallest Bantam fowl, How to him do they salaam, as He confronts them with a scowl! Great the Island known as Flam is, Great in wealth and wide estate, Greater still the Great Kiam is. He alone is truly great! In that Island no Imperial Personage could hold such sway-- At his word the Ministerial Ranks would tremble and obey; At his nod, down on their knees, or On their stomachs, sank the host: Re alone was the Great Cæsar, And he also had a Ghost! Oft the populace would kick him, Neck and crop, from place and pay; But he watched (you couldn't lick him!) All the moves. And some fine day Turned up trumps for him again, as He could run a waiting race, And saw all the cards as plain as Was the nose upon his face! He was down to many dodges, To all wrinkles he was up; For him plumped the Orange lodges, For him barked the Yellow Pup. For him strong at each election Came the Soft-goodsmen to vote, That the creature called Protection Might be taken by the throat! He, the big Importers' idol, And the Merchant Princes' Joss, Led the land as by a bridle Led the land, and was its Boss. Vainly from his firm position, Those who knew him like a book-- The unpurchased Opposition-- Sought to make him "sling his hook." They, the worthier, faithfuller choices Of the wiser in the land, Lifted up protesting voices, And against him took their stand. Hard they sought, you'd better bet your Boots, to wrest from him his power-- Ninian Melville, Dibbs, and Fletcher, Gave him trouble hour by hour. These, in attitude defiant, Faced the Great Kiam, and strove, As did David with the giant, With the Antipodean Jove. All in vain, for at his back were Legislators (save the mark!)-- One concrete and servile pack were "Dumb dogs," till he gave the bark! As a yelping pack they followed, Without question, where he led; At his feet they crouched and wallowed-- What he said, they, each one, said; What he went for, each one went for-- In his hand he held their votes; And some Ministers he sent for Held his promissory notes! So one day he called a Caucus Of his thralls, and to them said: "All these speeches tend to block us,-- Garran will not shut his head; M'Elhone's an endless talker, And O'Sullivan is worse; And that rascal Thomas Walker To our side's a perfect curse. "I've a lot to do this Session: There a Land Bill to rush through, Which will give into possession Of my friends, the Squatters, who Have stood by me, half the acres Yet remaining, of which you Were elected as caretakers (To which I remark, "Bah!" Pooh!"). "I've a lot of other measures Which I want to pass, and hope That you'll stick to me, like treasures, And shut up and give me scope! If you do, such laws I'll push on As they've never had in Flam-- For your views or your discussion I don't give a single d--n. "While I hold the high position In this country that I do, Though I stand the Opposition, I must have no talk from you! I'm the Boss of Flam-- you know it; I am in myself a host; I'm a Statesman and a Poet, And the patron of a Ghost! You are leather and prunella-- I am Pope, and this is Rome; Otherwise I'll seek my Stella, And, within a breadless home, Lay my white mane on her bosom-- Saying, 'Outcast, poor, and old!' So shut up your mouths and do some. Work, and vote as you are told!" Humbly, fearing he had fallen Out of favour, bent each thrall-- Mudgee Haynes and Alfred Allen, Frank Farnell and Barber Ball-- These, that erstwhile mouthed of honour And "Good Government" to come-- Sydney Smith and Dan O'Connor-- Meekly promised to be dumb! There in fifties--not in forties, Recollect--they gave their word-- Ives and Hurley, Crouch and Cortis-- Not in future to be heard; Not to question any measure Which might bear unwholesome fruit, At the Great Kiam's good pleasure To vote blindly and be mute! One more abject than the others-- One with even less self-respect-- Cried out, "Pledge yourselves, my brothers, Not to even interject! He is Premier, the Great Kiam-- Statesmen, down upon your knees, Be his silent tools, as I am; Speak not--do as he may please!" So, like the white, long-woolled bell-wether, They decided, in a lump, To go after, all together Jumping where he chose to jump; So forewent their own opinions, Bidden by the Great Kiam, And became the silent minions Of the Buonaparte of Flam! Here a worthier legislation, We are glad to say, prevails, And the people of the nation Really govern New South Wales; But some days' sail by the steamier Is this Island known as Flam, Which is governed by a Premier Who is called the Great Kiam! 