Echoes. Water being carted already. Ructions in the N.S.W. Parliament. Beach, the favourite, in England. Eighty labourers for Robb up by the Maranoa. A now coin-four shilling piece-is about to come into circulation. Cairns Customs revenue increasing by leaps and bounds. Hauhin aud Gaudaur row their match on the 28th instant. The meanest way to trer.t good resolution is to ask Peter to put it on the slate. The proper study of womankind is man's pocket-book. C. E. Search's new store in Lake-street opens ou Satuvday night. How did that man lose his hair, papa ?" " Eating pie, my dear. Ho's pie bald." Laugh at no man for his pug nose, you novar can toll what may tani up. Bill pnssed in ïiew Zealand Asseuibly giving women pawer to vot">. Candidates for Parliament in New Zealand will now have to woo the suffrages of thc ladies. What a festive time it will be when ladies are returned for Parliament. This is bound .to come. Thu Astrologer ia About tj imirrv ri Indy in TownsvillD with Ul children. Wo know IJU ,vna n linirn olJ utan. ;.?. Silence is golden, but it won't pay tic couuts, neither will speech, which is silver. We prefer cash to either. About the ouly time woman sees any beautiful member of her own sex is when she is looking in a mirror. . The National Leanne not popular in Toronto. O'Brieu had a warm time whilst trying to advocate it. Kamerunga, a native name for the new township ou the Barron River, is a decided improvement on Barronville. W. P. lieddeu says yon can't catch fish without bait. He evidently believes in ad- vertising. The " human skull " of an extinct race, which excited so much curiosity lately, turns out to be the breastbone of a cassowary. Bread Cd per loaf at Barronville, and is carried up the range by the onterising baker without any further elevation in the price. Henry Shaw, the popular hotelkeeper up Edithvale, is erecting an hotel at Barrnn ville. The couch grass nt Clayton and Hill'?, across the tulet, has been completely de- stroyed by the guinea worm. Thanks to fine weather and Sleep's horses the great pond in Lake-street is rapidly disappearing. What will the horses do when it is epiite finisher1. A Lacrosse team froui Dunedin (N.Z.) is nbout to visit Australia, and will play a . series of matches with the leading clubs of Melbourne and Sydney. Clayton and Hill, owing to the great dem;.nd for milk, have had to choose between more cows or the creek. They have decided on the former. Bicliter says-" No man can either live or die righteously without a wife." Just so. Sufferings nod severe Iríais purify and chasten the heart. It is said to bo a bad sign to see a man with lils hat off at midnight, explaining the principles and theory of true democracy to a verandah post, Our port is still unadorned with a dredge, Wo aro begining to . -wondor ? whether that craft is a solid reality, o.- has only a myth- ical existence in the mind of the Colonial Treasurer. Finlayson says he can't understand why none of Sleep's horses will pass his door. Young ladies feel very awkward sometimes when the horse they are riding will insist upon stopping for a drink. A black hoy had a tad time of it on AV ed nesday. A light hut appetising meal made off some poisou berries growing in one of the gardens in Abbott-street disagreed with him ; in fact, he was " berry ill." Having improved pitch darkness so ns to read " bituminous obscurity," we are rather sony the speedy advent of tho lamps in Lake and Abbott streets will prevent us fi om using the expression as often as we could wish. Alley has a hog up at Riverstone so big and fat that if his tail was lighted and kept properly trimmed, be would burn for a year, and with more brilliancy than two electric lamps. W'here's the sperm whale now? AYe pause for a reply. Many people soeui to be of opinion that we run the CAIRNS POST on the time- pay- ment system. AVe would gladly do so, but ns the staff require the ghost to walk legularly, we are compelled to ask some of our subscribers to let us have some coin now and again. A poetical auctioneer in the old country recently concluded bia advertisement of a furniture sale with the following sublime comparison: - "And a host, of domestic appréciables in some degree countless as the glittering jewels which bestride the lacteal turnpike of the blue etheral." AVhat does the " only " auctioneer say to this ? The following are, we believe, the articles which the army are to fake with them on their campaign in the South :-One tin pan- nikin and plate, one knife and fork and spoon (for soup probably),one looking glass, one tooth brush, one toothpick, several changes of underlinen, one pot of boot varnish, one bottle of hair restorer, one bottle of ..««ont. T- --w-??"-!.<.* (eider duwu quilt preferred), two pair of boots, needles," thread, and buttons, one brush and comb, and sundry other aiticles. Eyeglasses and parasols are rightly tabooed as partaking of the nature of luxuries. BLUSHING. I wish I bad the gift to blush, At many things about ; I'd bloom nt every dummy rush. At every dummy shout. Grow red I should, to see accounts, .That pass beneath the rose. Or see the lovely bloom that mounts. To colour Peter's nose. I'd blush to witness sly grog sold, Beneath a canvass tent, Served out by men and women bold, While Pubs, must pay a rent. I'd blush to see the trick that's done, . For sake of paltry pelf, But as I cannot blush, I'll run, And drink sly grog myself. A new journalistic venture entitled " Mining and Separation in North Queens- land." As its name would imply, it is to be published for the purpose of advocating the two subjects named. As the price is only Is, and it is to be illustrated with photographic views, it is to be presumed that it will he a big success. Copies of the work will be presented gratis to every member of Parlia- ment, including, of course, the present Ministry, and to every School of Arts in North Queensland. Copies will also be sent to the chief officials in the Colonial Office, Oowning-strect ; and it is anticipated that, independent of all these, an enormous number will be sent home to their friends by the merchants, miners,and others interest d. 