REVERIE. In tho dusky shade of ovening, Ere the curtains close are drawn, -,£)ft I pit in ailonco dreaming, Dreaming of tho dayB long gone. Of my childhood's hours of pleasure, Innocent and pure and bright, When life flowed in joyous measure, When the sunshine repelled night. Maidenhood, with her ambitions. Comes before me sweat and fair ; . . AVell my. mind recalls hor visions, ? Long since vanished into air. And familiar, loved facts, , ? , ::'.Ohe by one to memory oome ; Many bear rude sorrow's traces, Bright with joy and mirth are some. In the firelight brightly gleaming, Oft I picture out a scene -A' Where pure, joy is brightlj beaming, v ' With no thought of sorrow keen, Then I see forms lowly bendiDg, Strickeu down by some harsh blow, Heavy sobs their hearts are rending— Life is mainly made of woe I Ties of .friendship now are severed By Times rude and blasting hand ; Dear ones far apart are scattered, Some are in the better land, Lo ! I hear a voce of gladness Giving forth sweet words of cheer, 'There's a life that knows no sadness, Kiiowb no parting of friends dear.' Minnie Slater Hblibr. — Waverley Magazine . At Christcliurch fN.Z.) Dr Russell and Mrs Bowcn arn being tried for abortion. -The evidcnco proved nn immature child had. boen. burned ?ajive^byi'the pair 1 ; Dr Russell tried to cotamit Buicide. A Pout Dabwin correspondent writes ' When a bullock is killed on the diggings tho nun from far and near are said to rally up armed with knives, and when the paunch ?is turned out make a rush for it and slash it ftfto fragments, each securing all he can. One Jialf-staived, weakly looking old fellow, was sawing away at apiece with a very blunt cross between a hoop iron and a ham knife, when another man with a sharp knife made one slash at it just below the old man's hand, leaving the old fellow minuf. the gieater part of tho piece of tripe, and very nearly took a finger oft' as well. The poor fellow retired with a very sorrowful face. 'Numbers are on the way to Kimberley, nearly: BH:Vof them short of-- stores.® :;One' man, who' had' walked nil the way from Queensland by himself, had X-^lb of oatmeal left, and then was several days' stage from the next station. Ho waB not even armed. There were women and childron, too, amongst the travellers. Such indomitable pluck and perseverance deserved a far better reward than they were likely to got.' A Now Zealand correspondent writeB ' Tho worst enemy of Sir Julius Vogel can not but admire the wonderful pluck with which a man whose legs are completely para lysed, and lias to be wheeled about in a chair, performs more work than two ordinary Min isters. His industry never flags except to take a turn at cards 'once or twice a week. and in spite of physical and pecuniary mis fortunes, which would overwhelm nine men out of ten, he is still the most sanguine man in New Zealand, as confident of her return to prosperity aud of tho ultimate auccesB of his public works policy aB whilst the ' boom' was at its beBt. Without meaning to be dis courteous, there is a good deal abont Sir Julius Vogel whieli^compels the. same kind of admiration Which lit,e reader.} of --^Paradise Lost' feels for Milton's Satan, the unaon querable spirii.' Tub explain of the ship Skoonberry Castle, of Littlo Gabbington-or Skids, Tyne, Eng land, just arrivod in port, reports that in lati tudo'42, longitude 71, or thereabouts, they picked up au open bout containing an ema ciated mnn. He state.d ,. he..had ,bgen thus brutally Heated by the passengers bf a Hono lulu Blt-nnw r ' But what have you done lo deserve this u-rrible treatment?' asked the captain ' Niuhing whatever,' gasped the poor : ?- On the contrary, I did everything pussililo to amuse nnd entertain the . pa&wigtMH; ' I am an amatenr elocution ist. ?- As souu us I have Imd a little nourish ment, I wilLalii .^.?aBabibnca' ?fpr ;youu' /8oj ' thfry cast 'hlin adrift, iiguin.v *' Thb London correspondent of ihe Liver pool Post has been telling5 ub' lately of the drinking und smoking .habits of. prominent politicians. It uppeurB that Mr Gladstone never Bmokef, but he drinks wine at dinner aud ' winds up with a glass of port. Mr Chamberlain is alwavs smoking long and strong cigurs and drinks champagne at meals. Mr Morley also takes champagne, but con fines his smoking to cigarettes. Sil W. Harcourt was n teetotaller, but has gone back to claret. Lord Randolph Churchill drinks little, but smokes much. Mr Labouchere is 'a teetotaller, but smokes incessantly. Lord Salisbury never smokes and cannot drink much. Lord DufFerin does neither. This it u veiy diflerent report from that given of Parliamentary leaders in the time of Fox. Lord Granville told Sir Francis Doyle that ho and Fox used to drink deep into, tbe night, and thati thM\neit morningjhe-v.(Gran*ill») would gel up betimes and caper three or four times round the Park j at ten o'clock he called on Fox, and found him sitting up in bed drinking green tea. 'Tilts Bnlli. strike continues. The women huge' adopted the American taotics and when tlierlr'ain was ready to start with 85 ' black legs,' as non-Union men are called, jast from byduoy, thoy stood on the rails and' the* train could not start. Tho women then persuaded 30 of tlio ' black legs' to return to Sydney. Tho women urged the men not to take the bread out of their mouths and those of their innocent children. The sight of a woman will) a baby at broast seems to have worked ou the ' black legB.' The womeu have now strong hopes thoy can persuade all th&'Jblaofc logs' to knock, off y6'rk'. T- [ixjvi) J. j. FnoM a recentWrnijer of SeaJth w* take the fol'oiving curious and interesting infor mation ' At a reoent meeting of tha Academy of Medioine, Brousrdal mado known some ourious and interesting faots concerning, the dead body of a girl, twenty two yoars old, which was discovered in a cellar under a heap of straw. The body had lain there abont a year, and was in a perfect stato of mummyfaction. Putrefaction had never set in. One of the limbs was shown at the meeting ; it was thoroughly dedicated, the tissues were hardened, and, when struck, sonorous. M. M. Brouardel and Audouard attributed this mummification to the dryness of the soil on which the dead body had been placed ; but the more important factors wero five different species of miteB, which deposited the debris of the ! envelopes of thoir eggs and hard part9 among the dust that covered the dried tissues of the body. Now M. Megnin has proved that by studying the generation of mites which have been at.work on a dead body, the dato of - death— often a most: important point in suspicious cases, can be ascertained. This entomologist, , by examining the dereris of mitesi m u child'B corpse, ascertained that death occurred two years previously. A judicial enquiry confirmed this statement. M. Brouardel described the order of Succession of different speoies of mites, which worked on the dead body of . the' doad girl ; also the work of destruction accomplished by -iach separate species. One species. .absorbs thejfluids, another consumes the fatty acids; ^Viien a. specie's has. finished its work, it dies on -the deed body,' or is devoured by a suc ceeding: spociee, which in its turn setq to wdrfcV Eaoh generation in summer time lives from six weeks to two months. In a rfecent French murder, M. Megnin established with precision the exact date of the burial af the human remains discovered in the garden. Among the remains a particular kjnd of ant was observed which is never fou'n(i..-in soil recently, disturbed ; also the debris of a mite known as ceesophagus echino coccub, which also formed a chronological indication. A portion of a bulb or lily fur nished further proof. Two' years must have elapsed in order that the bulb should under go the alterations it presented. jlFwe are to believe a story told by the Belgian correspondent-of-tha Figaro, the telephone has (writes the St. Jame's Ofizette) recently been put upon novel duty in' Biussels, under circumstances of an extremely tragic character. A young lady of the city mistook, it appears, the civilities of; a young man who visited at her parents' hquse for attentions of a more serious nature. To her great surpiise and mortification, however, ? she learned some little time ago that he was' engaged to' one of her friends. Shortly after she made the discovery, the young man received a summons to ulaoe himself in telephonic ' rapport' with.a friend who had something to say to him. The friend turned out to be the young lady, who loved him not wisely, but, aa the sequol shows too well. Without wasting timo on preliminaries, she aBkod him point blank if it Weie true that he was going to marry M die — . He replied that it w.as quite true. 4 Then 'good: bye ? for ever' wore the next-words which reached his ears, and they were im mediately followed by the report of a fire arm. The poor girl had lodged a revolver bullet io her heart. She had thus,, with the aid of the telephone, made - the man for whom she had sacrificed herself assist at her suicide, while putting it absolutely out of his power to do anything to prevent it. 1 Tub total Union, indebtedness, separate State indebtedness and railway indebtedness iof the United StateB in 1885 amounted to Ll;940,000,000, a liability per head of the population of LS5 4a ; while the Australasian deb't at the same time was L133,000,000, a liability per head of the population of L39 lOsjor L4 6s. more than that of the United Stages citizen,. These are tbejcelebrated Colonel Inger sall's opinions : No man can bwn: 5,000,000 dollarViithe dollars. own him. He becomes the key to ihe safe in which the shining pile is hoarded.- The poor have toleatn that pity rathjer than envy is what the rich need from them;: and the rich' have to learn the truo and honest hearts that beat beneath rags. Anar chism is a protest, against tyranny, and that is out of place in America, where we have, despite all its shortcomings, the greatest and the grandest government the world has ever seenl The: land which tiod put ont of doors is free to every child of nature. No man haB the r^ght tb own more land than he can use. He ought toibe deprived of it. I do not blame. the rich for what they have, and would not take a penny's worth from the richest of themi except at a fair valuation, but I would .take it until every mau and woman born into 'the world bad a chance to live through his or her 4 ays here in comfort and happiness, Grea{ inventions were never iu tended to pile up gr'pat fortunes and curse the laborer. ' Nor will strikes, settle anything. Ihe first suc cessful strike will be the last, for the people will rise and show that the grasp of the laborer tyrant must be kept from the throat of capital, just as sure as the grinding heel of monopoly muBt not be placed on the pros trate form of toil. When we have a nation of homee, of those centres where love reigns, where! the race is not for riches but for happi ness, then the goal will be reached and con tent will prevail. -v ? . ' ; ; It is not generally known that our good Queen distils and sella wbi»ky in her ! Highland home ; not quite literally, but so nearly, as,, to; amount to ihe same ihing.-- The Lochnagsr Distillery is her Majesty's private property, and ithough it is' ruunagod for her by .VI eagre. John Begg and Co., a goodly portion of tbo profits find their way into the privy purse. . ' The Quean is. one of their best customers, and gives away enough 'mountain dew' in the neighbourhood of Balmoral every autumn to mBka the purchase of the artiole by herjfavorites quite unnecessary during thr winterj It iftn't ofteu Her Majesty touches spirits herself, but when she does the favored nector [is alwaya Scotch toddy, composed of the 'Royal Blend' from Lochnagar, ten years old if a - day, and without the ghost of a headache in .'it, TiiE American newspapers report an awfnl tragedy which occured last month iu Knox cojunty, Kentucky. A farmer, named Poe, with his wife, five children and two young lady.;- .visitors, Jived some SO yards from a house'oocupied by a couple named Worm and their son, aged ten years, The Worms being somewhat disreputable m their habits - Poe forbade his family to hold any communication with them. This so enraged the Worms that the man and his wife conceived the horriblej revenge of murdering the entire family. ; Thejr waited until Farmer Poe was. away oq business, aud then proceeded to carry out their fiendish designs.1. ' The crime was witnessed by their own son,-, who has given fnll information to thai authorities, He says;he followed his parentsjiand watched them goiinto the room where tlie Poe family and visitors— all females — were sleeping. His father ^rith, a: razor cut the thrriat. of each from ear to oar, while his mother picked tj^} bodies 'up, placed them in tho middle of 'theftjor^and. piled the contents of two beds on them. ' Tt|e murderorB then set fire to the pile and thel^ouse itself, the Daby, who, it is supposed, was overlooked, screaming until killad bj tha smoke and flames. It is intended, according to information s supplied to Iron, to corstruct a largo tower \ in London, in commemoration of the jubileo i of her Majesty's reign. Tho tower is to bo t 440 foot high at the extremo top, and 420ft. t at the top platform, fiom which may be soon 1 eight or nine counties. It will overlook every other structure yet built in London. . The base of the tower will be 75ft square, l and there a foundation of some 25ft, It is i proposed to erect this structure at tho top of 1 Oxford-street, where the gronnd lies high, 1 and it is expected that tho work will bo com- i menced in January next. The ironwork (of i which there are some hundreds of tons) is I placed in the hands of the Horsley Iron Com- i pany, at Westminister, and Tipton, Staf- i fordshire, whose tendoris £10,000. An American gentleman has just diod in his native town of Hartzweld who had lived, for a period of five years, without a skull. During the winter of 1881 he was found one day lying in a fit before an open hearth with his head amid the hot embers of an expiting fire. - Rescued from this position, it was discovered thnt the entire top of his head down to his eyes had — to use the American term — been burned to a crisp. He was care fully attended to, however, and nn operation — rare in the annals of surgery — waB success fully performed on him. The ontire skull so, low down as the sooket of the eyes, and equally as far as tho roa , was removed. An artificial covering was placed over the bra'n to protect it from exposure, and at the expi ration of a few weeks a thin film formed over it. It is noticed as a remarkable fact : that the patient not only survived the opera tion, but that ho retained all his faculties unimpaired. Thomembrane, however, never j hardened, and until the hour of his death — I which was in no way due to the absence of a skull— the convolutions of the hrain could be clearly discerned, and its throbbings- easily seen. The surgeon who performed the oper ation was himself surprised that the pationt should have recovered. He only determined to operate as a last resource, on it being recognised that the patient must have died had the removal of the injured skull and the substitution of an artificial covering not been attempted. In tliese days when hysteiics and other pathological psychological phenomena are made to play bo large a part in fiction, it must be consoling to the practical mind to find them for once connected with fact. The chief French surgeons and medical professors have for some time been carefully study ing the effects of mesmerism on the female patients of the Salpetriere Hospital, and M. Babinski, a clinieal surgeon of that esta blishment, has just effected a series of experiements, the -results of which would aeem to open up a new feature for medical science. M. Babinski tried to prove that certain hysterical symptoms could be trans ferred, by the aid of the magnet from one patient to another. He took two subjects, one a dumb woman afflicted with hysteria, and the other a female who was in a state of hypnotic trance. A screen was placed be tween tbo two, and the hysterical woman was then put ander- the influence of a strong [ magnet. After a few moments sho was ! rendered dumb, while speech was suddenly restored to the other. M. Babinski ulso effected temporary cureB of paralysis in the same manner. Luckily foi his healthier patients, however, their borrowed pains and symptomB did not last long, and they wero saved from a calamity almost similar to that which befell Dr. Jekyl when he swallowed too much salts and irrevocably becamo Mr Hyde. What a woman can do : She can say ' No,' and heaven and earth won't make her budge from it ; or she cau eay ' No' with enough of 'Yes' in it to take your breath away. She can sharpen a load pencil if you give her plenty of time and enough pencils. She can cut a boy's hair so's if ho's got a stick in his hand you wont know him from a mop. She can dance for eight hours in a shoe two sites too small, and enjoy every minute of the time: She oan appreciate a kiss from the time; she is ten yaars old till she is 107, and Beems coy about it all through. She is th« only sex that can walk a colicky infant about all the night,- in a wrapper and her husband's 'slippers, without expressing a desire to murder it. Besides telling what every other woman in the congregation had on, she can in rare instances, give a faint idea of the text. She can look at her hus bandieqnare in the face when he says ho was 'detained at the office,' without over be traying that she knows him to be a colossal prevaricator. She can look over a hundred pounds of silks and patina, and then order a skein' of woo! to be delivered ten miles away. A woman can do anything — if she wants to. And we' love her all the time because Bhe is a woman. Ten thousand five hundred grains of wheat (of course taking a tflir average quality) go to make! a pound weight, and about fifteen thousand four hundred of barley. Oats re quire; twenty thousand to bring down the scale.- The average for beans, taking full ac count; of the very marked variations to which they are subject, is about 950. and for peas one thousand nine hundred. Grass seed iB the lightest, nine hundred and twenty-three thousand being required to turn a scale with a poundweight in it, while only eight pounds go to ihe bushel. A bushel of grass seed will therefore, on this computation, contain seven million three hundred and eighty-four diousand seeds. There wan a curious diffe rence !in the weights of tho seed of red and white 'clovers, for whilst in the former case only two hundred and forty-nine thousand will mhke np a pound's weight, in the latter six hnndred and eighty- six are required to make ihe samo weight. A viviD picture of the condition of outcast London is given in the Fortnightly by the Rev G. S. Beaney, who adds tho following on the sinister and evil tendencies of the times : ' The Cockeey Irish, passionate and alien in sympathies, with lurid imagination and des perate aims, are becoming the leaders of dis conted (Englishmen. The old faith in ' mas ters' is gone from |the workshops ; the old half religious belief in the peer and the prince is under our feet; a deep, half-confessed sense of the injustioe of life is becoming the living creed of the men who curse the God of the churches and the rioh. They represent their class, theEaBt-enders' of every town and city in the land. Neglected by statesmon, oourted 'and flattered, of late by party politi cians,: quickened to dangerous discontent by meii'whb speak in the same breath of wrongs and th^ir forcible righting, untouched by teacherB who preach of a heaven that soemB impossible and of a' hell that cannot be, they are groping their way' slowly to : their own solution! questions that are with their hearts night and day. They are sinking in silence to-day with a face that, as far as | our cultlire and polities aro concerned, looks like that of a blind Samson. To-morrow thoy;' may grasp with their terrible might those strong' columns upon which we have baaed and built our prosperity and freedom. ' Who knows what impulse may seize them, tbeBe inarticulate thousands and millions, when onco they feel thoir own power !' ' In answer to Dr ' Parker' Mr Glodstoitb aid re disestablishment : In inv opinion, vliich recoives from day to dny more or less Must ration, Church establishments cannot md ought not to continue unless i hey prove .homBolves useful ti the maintenance of tho lighor lifooftho na'ion. Tub English papers aro full of gossip about Archor. The following is the Licensed Vic 'nailers' Gazette's contribution : — ' It is laid that in his early days ho hud a dreadful fear of death — not of death pure and simpl., but tho awful fear that lie might be buried in a trance. It is well known among those most intimately acquainted with Archer that ho took tho loss of his wife so much lo heart that he suffered from melancholia, and, it is Baid, on the occasion made three determined efforts lo end his life. Whon asked by hia friends why he did not marry aguin, he would reply : — ' Oh, if I could only love a woman half so much as 1 lovod her. 1 would; but I could not.' Tho widow of a former patrician of^thn turf was bo infatuated with the jockey that she offered to settle £10,000 a year (her income is about £20,000) upon him if ho would marry her; but Archer politely, but firmly refused. The Duchess of Montroso holds very Ritualistic or High Church doc trines; and the bell of the chapel, built on tho Buryroad in memory of her late husband, Mr Crawford, haB been tolling almo t inces santly, with slight intervals, since Fred's death, and prayors havo been offered up for the unfortunate jockey. Latt winter, when Archer went to Cheltenham, his native place, to indulge in his favorite paBjime of bunting, and to renew old acquaintanCf'Rliip!-,he weighed 10Bt 7ib; and, il he had let nature .take her course, he was naturally an list man, In order to ride St Mirin the doceaaed jockey went without food for three days, and was for 18 hours in a Turkish bath; and, so much did ho reduce himself, ^hat with all the para phernalia (excepting the whip] appertaining to riding, lie only weighed fest 71b, ' He is killing himself,' cried the elder Jennings, when he saw Archer scale ; and so he wns. When his friends remonstruted with him be would reply : ' If I am not Archer I am no body.' Wealth, much as he prized it, was a secondary consideration to the applause of the multitude; fame was to him as the breath of bis nostrils; and whon tho thronging, surg ing multitude shouted their encouragement, loudly called him by name, and some, even more infatualod, tried to touch his jacket cr stirrip leather in their idolatry, Archer's bosom swelled with pride, and all his self denials and trials were forgotten in his brief moment of t iumph. No monarch vas ever more disinclined to lay aside his kingly power and sceptre than Archer was to part with his racing jacket. The following are the number of men, according to recent statistics, whom, in caso of war, the various continental Powers conld bring into tho field first, second third lines : Russia, 10,482,000; Germany, 5,705,000; France, 3,634,000 ; Austria, 2,600,000 ; Italy, 4', 473, 000. Graud total, 20,894,000. Harrt Stockdale, the explorer recom mends the following cure for larrikiuism : ' Let Parliament set aside an area of bush land on one of our permanent rivers, a tract of mallee on the Murray would — perhaps, be the most useful for the purpose in view ; that portions of this land should bo grubbed, cleared and farmed in different ways with yineyards, orchards, niaizefields, dairying, lucerne growing, stock fattening, etc, in every variety of manner in which it could be possibly turned to profitable account by the labor of those who would otherwise be a drag and an expense to the State; that irrigation be tried to make this land still more productive and remunerative ; aud that those prisoners whose behaviour is good and who aro industrious duriug the time of their sentence be allowed some slight remuneration as an encouragement or incentive to further good conduct ; this to be paid to them at the expiration of their term as a means of helping them to start fairly and squa-ely without being forced to return to dishonest practices. That, in the case of the younger criminals,' a small portion of every day or evening be set aside for their instruction in plain English, such as reading, writing and arithmetic ; that everything possible be done to show both boys and men that their own good behaviour, industry and reliability will help them in thrir present position as well as it would outside.' By such means as those :fabove proposed ' both boys and men would get a good, useful, practical know ledge of husbandry in its various branches and become part of a class we aro, much in need of' instead of vagrants and idlers ; and . whilst learning this they would be improving the State property, until at the end of, say, 20 years, 20,000 acres of land now almost valueless, would bo worth from £3 to £5 per acre. Thus, iustead of being a burden to the State, they would, if not actually ' a source of profit, be at least self-supporting.' There is a'lot in this suggestion. Better use men that way than hang them or'mako devils of them in gaol. Petboleum is likely to have a great future. The Russians are laying down a pipe from the Baku petroleum works to the Black^Sea, 600 miles, to convey 160,000,000 gallons per annum. When the pipe is ready there will be a terrible tumble in prices. Dr. Kaufi'man has however dis covered a process by which petroleum is changed to a semi-solid substance, in which state it can be shipped any distance and used' as coal or wood is u'ed. Petroleum has a heating power 9 times that of coal, so steamers will have an advantage in carrying it for fuel nine times over coal. It will also bo used for domestic purposes. Tho process is : Tbo oil is heated and. from one to three per cent of its weight of common soap is added, with which it is boiled for about half-an-liour. After that time.it will be noticed thnt tho soap iB all dissolved in tha oil and the fluid will suddenly turn into a hardened, putty like substance,, which will get as hard bb stiff tallow when cold. This may be pressed into any shape desired. The substance is very hard to light nnd burns very slowly wi'hout making any smoke, with a reddish flame producing great heat and leaving about two per cent odorless, black and hard residuum. Compared with coal it burns about throo times slower, producing,, if the draft be well regulated, about seven times more heat than anthracite coal. , It could well be used in a stove especially con structed for the purpose or in the old stoves, if these are changed, which will not bo very difficult. It is, therefore, very probable that petroleum will take the place of coal in many instances in the near future. ? Don Piatt , relates that he onoe visited tho Ohio penitentiary with Salmon P. Chase, one of Lincoln's great Secretaries of State, while he was Governor of the State. Re turning to the Capitol the Governor, after a long silenoe, said : ' l'here is not muoh differ r.euce . betweon the convicts imprisoned in those walls aud the ordinary run of people outside.' These poor fellows are uot wickod, they are weak ; they have not seiise enough to be oautious, nor have they enough strength1 of character to resist temptation. The law catches the small - rogues'; the big rasoala are too wary to appr--aph the net. I 1 hit) k sometimes that our criminals are not i:i the penilMitinry ; but in the churchon. The cool, fcelfish villains wear tlio c'oak of I religion, and hedge themsolvui about wilh I the inteiiBest respectability. They aro our bad men, and from them we suffer.' In a brilliant article in Macmillan's tiraga zine tlio following occurs: — ?' Lamb's Letters from first to last nro full of tlio philosophy of life ; he is as eensiblo a mnn as Dr. John son. Ono grows sick of tlio expressions, ' Poor Charles Lamb,' ' gontlo CliarleB Lamb,' as if ho wero one of thoso grown-up children of the Leigh Hunt type, who nro pet petually begging and borrowing through the round of overy man's acquaintance. Charles Lnmb earned his own living, paid his own way, was the helper not tho helped ; a man who was beholden lo none, who always came with gi ts in his hand, a shrewd man cnpablo of advice, strong in counsel. Poor Lnmb indeed ! Poor Coleridge, robbed of hia will ; poor Wordsworth, dovoured by his own ego ; poor Southoy, writing his tomes and deeming himself a nlnesic ; poor Carlyle, wilh his nine volume* of memoirs. Call these men poor, if you feo' it decent to do so, but not Lamb, who was rich in all that makes life valuable or memorv swoet. But he used to got drunk. This explains all. Be untruthful, unfaithful, unkind, darken tho lives of all who havo to live under your shadow, rob youth of joy, take peace from age, live unsought for, die unmourned, and, remaining sober, you will escape the curse of men's pity and be spoken of as a worthy person. But if ever, amid what Burns called ' social noise,' you so far forget yoarself as to get drunk, think not to plead a spotless life spent with thoso for whom you have labored and saved ; talk not of the love of friends or of help given to tho needy; least of a 1 make no refo lence to a noble self-sacrifice passing the love of women, for all will avail you nothing. You get drunk, and tho heartless and the selfish and the lewd cravo tho privilege of pitying you and receiving your name with an odious Binile. It is really too bid. 1hesk are brave words of Cardinal New man : — ' The world, too, as is necessary, has i's scale of offences as well aB the Church, but referring them to contrary object, it classifies them on quite a contrary principle; so that what is heinous in the world may be regarded patiently by the Church, and what is horrible and ruinous in tho judgment of tho Church may fail lo exclude a man from the be3t society in the world ? Excess of drinking is ono tho world's most disgraceful offences ; odious it ever is in tho eyes of the Church ; but if it does not proceed to the 1 .ss of reason, she thinks it is a far leBS sin than one de liberate act of detraction, though tho matter of it bo truth . . ; . . The Church professes to judge aftor tho judgment of tho Almighty. His jogdment is not as man's — 'I judge not according to tho looks of men.' He says, ' for man sooth those things which appear, but tho Lord beholdeth the heart.' The Church aims at realities, the world at decencies.' 