BENBONUNA: A TALE OF THIRTY YEARS AGO. CHAPTER XXXIIL TBI BHD OF THE CHASE. [Br ROBEBT BBCOE.] "Lord aakea! What's happent till ye, Meester Bowyer?" This question was addressed by old Macgregor, sitting like a statue of astonishment on his old mare, to the owner of Winnaitrarniia, who, rather groggy aboat the legs, sto'-d t:itailfas>t and half stupidly gazing at tlic ouL-y of the Emu; his face and hands were badly cat, his elbows were oat of the sleeves of his bine shirt, and his knees protruded through the ruins of the "Number K ines' '—altogether he presented a generally battered and ruinous appearance. '•Did you see him?" demanded Bowyer, as if awaking out of a dieam, " See wha ?" quavered old Mac. " WhyHawley, to be sure," cried Bowyer now rapidly recovering from the stapefying effects of his fall. " Hawley f gasped the old Scotchman with open-mouthed astonishment. "Here, give me that horse. Yon wouldn't have seen him if he had run over you!" cried Bowyer, dexterously unseating the old man. " Teil the others to look alive," and without allowing time for questions or remonstrance, he sprang on the back of " Auld Meg" and urged her in the direction of the Pine Flat as he had most pressing bosinesB there. " Loosh save us," ejaculated the dismounted Mac, " is the mon gane daft?" Then collecting himself and casting a look around, he saw that the Emu had been shot, and that a large carpet snake lay dead near by, and audibly soliloquized— " There's been wild wark here, an' if the de'il himsel' has no had a hannd in it, his ain beastie hat. Looeh save us! I hope there's na bushrangers about—but there's mair o' them comin, he concluded, as the troopers and Frank made their appearance on nags so thoroughly blown that a shambling canter was all that could be screwed out of them. " What's a' this aboot!" he asked, hastening to the new comers, but it appeared that he was aa little likely to get satisfaction from them as from Bowyer, for they, not then perceiving the dead hone, nearly rode over the old Scot in the eagerness of pursuit, Ganders shouting as he passed— " Which way did he go ?" "If yon mean Meester Bowyer, he's just gane along there,''pointing in the direction C of the Pine Flat. The party pulled up beside the dead bone, bat upon learning that their leader waB still in pursuit dashed off again a without farther parley, Mac calling after s them— t "Suld ye ketch him, Corporal, just tell s him to deal gently wi' my auld mear, for o she's na used till thae wild young fallows. t But they're a* daft thegether," he conoluded, f when he found, as he afterwards said, that t •'he might just as Bune whistled jigs to a o millstane as ca' after they eallants." t As there had been no communication between the head station and Ummarilpena since the murders, Mac's perplexity is easily to be accounted for; bat he was a very matter - of - faot individual, and therefore, after taking a second review of the situation, seated himself at the foot of a gam tree, took out his pipe, regarding it in a meditative manner while he charged it, and gravely remarked, "Ah, weel, I'll see just tak b whiff or two oot o' ye, an maybe by that time some o' tha fallows 11 be comin' back ; and then we'll ken 'a aboot it," with which consoling reflection he prodaced * tin tinder box and Hint and steel (Mac iiked to be "savin' o' the spunks"), and by means of that primitive fire- raiser (then very commonly used in the bush) soon had his cutty in full blast, and felt rather comfortable than -otherwise, especially as Sandy McGinnis was on his way from Ummarilpena to Benbonuna with the ration cart, and in fact should then .be close at hand, having started earlier than Mac, but having to go a little further round. Bowyer must still have been slightly off his bead when he started in such a hurry, for in his usually cool and collected state of mind he would not have gone a yard, his game being out of sight, without making sure by the tracks as to the direction Hall had taken. As it was he cooled down with every stride auld Mag" unwillingly took, and by the time he had gone a couple of hundred yards -or so he began to look eagerly on the road for tracks, but not finding any, muttered a curse •on his own stupidity and set to work to rectify his mistake. Had he not thought of the sly chuckle with which old Mac would certainly greet his inglorious reappearance, and of the ludicrous story he would afterwards circulate for the delectation of the -district, he would then and there have returned to the scene of his downfall and •taken up the tracks of the fugitive; but he, -who in a blue shirt and moleskin pante would fearlessly have invaded the fashionable world, shrank from the lying sarcasms of an "auld wife i' breeks" (as Mac's very much better half called him—and she certainly ought to know.what she was talking about). Finding ^himself at fault, Bowyer took a semicircular course to the north- east, and finding no fresh tracks in that direction, doubled back towards the western range, and ms just on the point of crossing the road «gain when he was joined by Frank and the troopers, the former having exchanged horses with the Corporal, who was horribly crestfallen at the fiasco he had made, and began in the "who'd have thought it style to account for it, when he was cut short by **"'2ook here. Ganders, he bowled me over properly back at the creek there, and we've made a howling mess of it. The only thing left to do, that I can see, is to rouse the •country with as little delay as possible. " You don't mean to say that we are to give up the chase?" demanded the Corporal, with the air of a man who was determined to iollow the hunt till his own ghost should be blown by a "northerly baster" from that of •his charger, „ , . "Off you go, Corporal. If you are determined to catch him in that manner, pray •don't let me stop you," replied Bowyer politely, with a faint twinkle of the old humour in his eye. "Oh, I don't mean that, you know, Mr. Bowyer ; but fancy the devilish awkward fa I'm in." " Well, you were a little too cock sure, aB I was afraid you would be. Bat we've no time to waste, and this is what I have to nropoBe. You start your fellow on to Um marilpena; let him get a fresh horse there, and ride as fast as he canto Woodlawooltena where there are lots of fat horses and idle stockmen. Let him get old Lindsay Patterson to alarm all that side ot the country; Mr. Heslop here will, I am sure, oblige us by returning straight to Benbonuna, whence Mr. Probyn can send messengers to Nooltana and Wirracowie to let Armstrong and Higgins know ; and then they will soon do the tele graphing in that direction. What do you think. Corporal; will that do?" "Could not be better—and we?' returned Ganders, who could not help admitting the merits of the plan. " 0. we'll stick to the trackB when we can find tnem again; that is if you have no objection." "You're the best hand at tracking, Mr. Bowyer, so I'll follow you!" answered the Corporal readily, only too glad to have such a reliable comrade as the tall squatter at hand, in case of a rencontre with the redoubtable Hall. „ , "That's settled then. Frank, you know what to do, would you mind starting at once? Willis, you know your way to Ummarilpena?" " Yes, well, bnt the nearest way is by the bridle path from the head of the creek over there, is it not ?" asked the young trooper, preparing to follow the example of Heslop, who had already started on his mission. " Yes, you evidently know the country." Collar any horse you can lay hold of, and never mind what Mrs. Mac says. Off you go!" " All right, sir. Any orders, Corporai ?" "Only that you'd better . Well, I don't know. What do you think, Mr. Bowyer?" hesitated the Corporal, whose thoughts had been so absorbed by the bashranger's escape that he had lost the thread of Bowyer's proposition, and was like a cargo of newly -landed immigrants, " all abroad." " You know yonr own business best, Corporal : but as you ask my opinion I should say let Willias be guided by his own judgment, for circumstances may materially alter cases, especially in a matter like this." "I think you're right, Mr. Bowyer. Willis, do the best you can. Good day." " Good day, gentlemen," returned the yonng trooper, touching his cap in salute and riding off towards Ummarilpena on a line that would soon take him into the creek which he proposed to follow. Bowyer and the Corporal set to work in earnest to pick up the lost trail, and socn convinced tnem selves that the fuaitive had followed up the atony bed of the watercourse. On the sugges - tion of the equatter they took opposite banks of the creek, by following which they would cut any tracks issuing from it. They rode along as fast as the inequality of the ground and the exigencies ot tracking would permit. Bowyer had only just observed, " It iB lucky I sent Mr. Heslop back, for it's the Lord Mayor's Show to an organgrinder's, that Hall is bound for the Illeuroo, and means to make straight for the 'other side'—when a loud and piercing cooeey came sharply to their ears. Both men urged their corses to a canter in response to the summons, and Willis was Been hastening to join them as fast as he could spur his jaded hosse, only to pall up suddenly as soon as a he perceived that they, for whom he was so eagerly searching, were approaching. " What's up, Willis? Have you discovered Anything!", cried the Corporal, in a wild state of excitement directly he was within earshot. "Yea! the dead body of Hall!" flhotttal the trooper, turning his horse and starting back in the direction he had come from. *'Never!" burst simultaneously from the lips of the astonished pair, followed by the brief enquiry, " Where?" as they sparred their horses after the trooper. "Quite close here. He's an awful sighthere he is 1" said Willis, as he pulled up by a great hollow gumtree, and there, on the ensanguined boulders of the watercourse lay the naked corpse of the once dreaded bushranger, so mutilated that his own mother would scarcely have recognised him. " Bam Billy's work '."cried Bowyer.directly he saw the body, and instantly added, "He can't have ten minutes' start of us. Scatter round; we must not let him get away." Then suiting the action to the word, he commencsd an instant search for the murderer, in which the police zealously joined, but as it proved, in vain, for though they examined all the trees in the vicinity and scoured the country around it, they could get no sight of the native, who, favoured by the cover of the pinea and the hard and uneven formation of the country on which they grew, had stolen away like a wild dog. , , . . But though they were unsuccessful in the primary object of the search, they found and secured Cricket, and also fell in with McGinnis, in whose cart the body of Hall was placed for transmission to Benbonuna, whither the troopers, whose horses were about played out, also departed, taking with them old Mac's mare in order to pick up the tinder-overseer on the way. Bowyer mounted Cricket and continued the search for Billy, from which he did not desist till the darkness of night rendered all further exertion futile, and he had reluctantly to give up and make the best of bis way back to the station, which he reached at a late hour, to find, of course, everything in confusion. 