[?] SCIENCE NOTES. In the last ' Notes ' mention was made of the -commencement of .& very large ijcmael -i& America. We have now re ceived mteUlgence of the opening for passenger-train service of an almost equally large tunnel in England. The Severn tunnel, which is described as the meet difficult work of such a kind ever attempted, was begun in March 1873, and ' finished .towards the close of last year. fPiiA 4-^-k«* 4tF-4-ltA 4-imn^l nrTkinTi Za A.X. milao long and has cost over £2,G©a,U00, is about 145 feet under the level of high water at «pring tide, and about SO. feet under the jbed of the river at the deepest point. The tunnel is well ventilated, and has been lined with vitrified bricks set in oement, aa -many as 75,000 ,Od0 bricks having jbeen used solely for this work. Mr. D. McAlpine, F.C.S., lately read a paper -before the Victorian Field KatoraliBta1 Glub, on ' The dry preserva tion of flowers, fungi, and the like in their natural shapes and colors.' We take the following hints therefrom with regard to Aosrsm. Three things are need ful, namely, that the flower diould be dried by heat, that the shape should be preserved, by imbedding the .specimen in an absorbent of moisture, and that the plant should be rendered impervious to damp by eoattias it with ^ammar or some some .such Tarnish, and stiffening at the same time. As the result; of many experiments Mr. McAlpine has found that plaster of paris warmed to about 90° or 100° F. either artificially or by the rays of the sun, answers the first ; two purposes. ^ The fresh plants should j be imbedded in the plaster, which should be carefully Shaken down on the speoi mens. Small plants are preaer Fed in less tfcan 12 hours ; large species take longer j in proportion to the amount of moisture j in their tissues. When taken out of the j piaster, the plants axe usually very dirty, j and if left in it too long are rather brittle, but on being laid aside in the air for a jBhort tune they will relax. They should then be brushed with a i camel's hair pencil, and gum dammar dia- [ solved in .petroleum, keroaine, or benzole aheuid be applied jrith a brush, in order to tun Jam inA-inn/iimAnn intnAmnnnD ^a Wumn . The aboye is what is known as Mr. . English's method. In the case of white flo»ers the petals need not be varnished, as it darkens the color. To preserve the shape and color of orchids they should be ; placed in warm paper and changed fre quently in order to preserve the color by rapidity of drying. In her latest work ' In the Trades, the Tropics, and 'the Roaring Forties,' Lady Brasaey has much to.say about ihe natural history of the West Indies and neigh bor- iDg islands Trinidad, it would seem, is especially famed for the number and peculiarities of its -ants, of which there are at least 20-native species. The three most nofJabte-sortsAre known respectively as the 'parasol,' the 'crazy,' and the 'hunter' ant. Lady Brassey gives the following account of her first encounter with some 'f)aBWoi' ants: — 'On our \- way down the bill to the shore we came across a procession of parasol ants, curious little insects of which 1 had often read, ~bjut which I had never (seen before. Oae siring of them was proceeding steadily aloDg the steep road towards the pome granate and peach trees, while another stream was returning in the oppo- ' site direction. Arrived at the tsees, each ant bit off a portion of one of the leaves and then turned round and marched hack again, carrying his burden over his head as if it ..were in reality a shelter from the sun instead of a part of his own building materials that he was carrying off.' The 'crazy ant' is thus deacibed in the book mentioned — 'He always seems to be in a violent hurry, and jet to be .unable to rnake up his mind which way, he wants to go, moving forwards, backwards, and side wards in the most purposeless and insane manner. M. de Verteiul remarks that they are particularly fond of syrup and sugar, but says that they are alao car nivorous. ' Nothing is more amusing,' he says, * than to observe thousands --f them canying along btrge cockroaches, .worms, or other dead insects. If they encounter a ; crawling worm immediate notice is circu lated among the tribe, jind in a short time hjuiidreds of them march to the attackj t their huge adversary rolls and contracts tin eelf-Jefciice, but, although iossed about, the ante hold lasts freeh oeccuila xcoB-e to th« trefcuftiand, after % sjaiiggh) 'of more than half an hour thegiaatia subdued And, carried to the Jieat, Tpart of the ioet pulling foiariw^,»*ndj^art nosing up, jso. as.to lighten 4he TdEaught. Once arrived »t,the enhance of the.^est, which is gejuerally amall, ,aad .canaot admit: the ^.booty, the; ants cut their rj)rey into email pieces, which they carry rdowsi, one only or a dozen or -more taking charge of each piece according to the size. The crazy ants neither bite nor sting. Tha hunter-ant' .would, however, seem to ibe the most formidable of all theantefeuadin Trinidad. Numbers ofthisspecieftgo about inaumes or tribes, arrangedin theimost regutor and systematic manner, ?and, according to Xady Brassey, kill ev^ery Hving thing which happens to be ia'the Une .of march, *uch a» young birds, *seor piots, crickets, cockroaches, and other small creatures. Sometimes .they -esseu enter houses, where they destroy sate, mice, -and other vermin. They aittat be woEde'rf ully intelligest oreatut©B,,ta jodge from some of their^roeeedkygs. .For in- stance, when, in-the -course oif one of 'tiieir forays, they come to a rivulet which 'they wish to cross, they contrive to form a sorb of Buspension-bridge, composed of their own' ~bottiea, over which The remainder of the-army passes. A. cprrespondent of €f7wwn&ers;'s Journal has lately favored that magazine with^an anecdete illustrative of the terrible conse quences -of provoking bees. The purport of -the story is that a man fired his rifle at one of the many bees' nests which are to be found hi the famous marble rocks of Jubbulpore, which form the gorge through which the river Nerbudda flows. The «- suit of the -ebot was that he who fired if* was stung to death by the enraged insects. Although the correspondent mentioned quotes the story from memory, he states it as hishelief tiiat the incident is related in Forsyth's work, 'The Highlands of Central' India.' Strangely enough an account -of a similar fatality said to have occurred in the same place,. though under slightly different circamstances, is given by Mr. P. H. Goaae, F.R.S., in hia book, 'TheBomaneeofNaturalHistory.'' Mr. Gosse's authority is the Times of January 28, 1859, which tells the 3tory in the foUowing fashion v—' Two Etucepsan gentlemen belonging to the Indian (Rail way Gorjopahy, namely, Messrs. Arm strong and Boddington, were surveying a place called Bunder Coode, for the pur pose *f throwing a bridge across -the Nerbudda, the channel -& wbiclv beiag in Uiis place from 10 to 60 yards wMe, i« f athonrleBB, having white marble rocks rising perpendicularly on either -side from 100 to 150 feet high^ and beetling fearfully in some parts. Suspended in the recesses of these marble rocks are numerous large hornets' nests, the inmates of which are ready to descend upon any unlucky wight who Way venture , to disturb their repose. sNojt, as the boats of these European surveyors were passing up the river a cloud of *be*e insects overwhelmed them ; the boatmen as well as the two gentlemen jumped overboard; but, alas, Mr. Boddiogtoa, who swam «nd had succeeded in. clinging to a marble block, was again attacked, - and being usable any longer to seaist ?£& assaults of the eountiess hordes of 4is in furiated winged foes threw himself into the depths of the 'water, .never to xise again* Qn the louctii -day his eez$@e -«*s discovered fioat^Bg pn the ?water, aad was interred m'Ah every mark of respect. The other gentle man, Mr. Armstrong, and his boatmen, altjhoqgh very severely stung, ace out at dagger.' Wifch=respect to thisaJborv, Mx. datcuk ??aaean—ft.ff hava -iiha miaantara ^f being acquainted -with- some of tite mem bers of Ihe family of Mr. Armatrong, vho have. assured me that the insects were not hooiete1, as jseprese&ted;, tout honeyrbeea ; it -may not -be the *hiv«-bee domesticated with us, but a species well known for making honey.' Jn Sie December number of Gliam bers'.s Magazine the following remarks with reference to a recently invented -and probably very useful preparation of caout chouc appear : — ' Woodite, a newly in vented .preparation of caoutchouc — so called from !the name of its inventor— is attsaeting conBiderable attention at the present time. In woodite ace united the useful ^elastic properties of indiarubbsr together with the advantages of immunity from injury by fre or salt water. The specific gravity -of woodite is only ^ya» tenth-thatof irenor^teel, whilst the -cost of the new material, as compared -with, these metals, is estimated to be as three to seven, or rather lees than one-half. Such fads fully -explain the importance attached to the propoaition how being made to utilise woediteaa a protection — either internal or external, .as regards the vessel's skin— to men-of-war a.ad torpedo boats. Experiments recently made to ascertain the behavior «f woodite uadsc fire were as satisfactory as conclusive, aad established the interesting fact that .the caoutchouc closed up again so thoroughly and instantaDeously after the passage of. the tliot that no leakage resulted, though the -cessel was pierced -below water -li&e.; The value of a material possessed of such, qualities for naval purposes «annofc be over - estimated, whilst* iu a vaiiety of ether ways woodite appears likely to play a not unimportant part -in the near future. In the construc tion of lifeboats a material so buoyant and indestructible cannot fail to be oi service, wtmst tor tuning quay-wans, harbor entrances, piers, landing-stages, and the numberless cases -where it is desirable to moderate .the force of impact woodite should be found of tihe greatest value. In the case of a collision at aea, a vessel fortified intemalLy or externally with woodite would be more likely to remain afloat than, all things being equal, one not similarly protected.' The great red :&pot; in Jupiter ball been regarded with much interest by astrono mers during the past few years. Despite much labor on the part of observers very little is really known about the .spot. What has been ascertained with regard thereto is contained in the follow ing remarks by Professor Young, published in a recent number of the Glasgow W^if Herald :^-'Th.s great red spot, which for eight years now has been the object of so much interest, is an oval of about 30,000 miles in length and 9,300 in width. It was first noticed in 1878 by several indepen dent observers. Its genesis was not seen, but it was fully formed when first per ceived, and probably originated -a few months earlier, when the planet was near the sun -and out of reach of observation. It is situated at about 30° south 4a*Jtode, and ow«s its same to the strong 4brick rederjcaaroon color which characterised it during its earlier years. In its youth the red spot was somewhat irregular in its behavior, putting out-, fSEpngs and processes here aa-l there, and appaEently -orawling about a little on the placet's Burface. At first the belts -seemed to stand in ro relation to the,spot; in fact, in 1879-80 the usual south equatoiial belt was either wholly wantkig or v«iy faint. But in 1882 this belt came out again strong and -clear, andpushedita Bouthem edge out to and past the spot, but without touching or distorting it in. any way. A notch was formed in the «dge of tbe belt, leaving a clear, bright chatLDel two or three seconds 'wide between the belt and spot, as if there were some mutual repulsioiibeWedn them, .the two being nearly oi the. same color, and apparentiy (but not, by- a»v means certainly) of the same constitaiiaon aad material. The leas conspicuous belt south of the spot has not shown the same aversion to it ; but in 18135, mad again last spring, extended its filaments at times, ao as to -cover ^pparentJy about one4hird of the width of the spot. I say apparently, because no one really knows which was uppermost. It is natural to ^suppose that t$e , red «pot, which has shown such a degree of peraanence -and stability, is iQwerjjkJwn than the cloudy forms which ;make up the belts ; and such is thegeneral, ithoujgh not universal, opinion aaiong , asUonomers. But as to the real nature 1 « !'l of tbe spot, we have so satisfactory ex- , planation, and speculation is baffled. A continent emerging, a floating island oh an ; ocean, Java 'poured out over a region ex ceeding tbe earth's -whole area, smoke and steam from some long- continued eruption, siksh axe some of the different hypotheses that have been suggested. Bab the low density of the planet (low in spite of its enormous mass) almost force* ub to think of it'as only a cloud formation of some kind. How long the spot 'win continue visible no one can tell ; in 1882 it began to fade, and faded still more in 1883 and 1884\. In 1885 it seemed to be on the verge of extinction; the central portion had cither lost all its color, or was veiled by a vbiti&h; cloud; so that, though un diminished in size, it was only a narrow, pinkish ring— a mere skeleton-ghost of its former self. Last spring, however, the 'veiling cloud was gone, and the spot was rather more distinct — certainly as easy to see as in 1884.' 