Our Maryborough Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] September 21. Hospital Saturday is fixed for next Satur day, and every arrangement is being made by the committee to make it a grand success. All tho employers of labour here have been waited upon and furnished with subscription lists, and the beet-looking young ladies in the town have been persuaded to sit at tables in the principal streets and receive subscriptions from passers by. Within tho last fortnight two fresh medicos have settled down in the town — Dr. Penny and Dr. Maxton. This makes now six doctors within our walls. Up to the present, however, the town in very healthy and the mortality low. The Health Committee of the Municipal Council have at last braced themselves up to take steps to compel owners of dilapidated properties in the town to put them in a habit able state. Curious to say, it is the wealthiest citizens of our town who own the most miser able dwellings, which are chiefly inhabited by Chinese. Respectable as we are outwardly, we are not without Chinese opium dens, where numbers of both sexes — mostly kanakas and Chinese — can be found any night lying dazed under the influence of opium. There aro also several gambling-houses here, where fantan is played nearly all night without the interference of the police. We seem to pay too high a price for our vegetables. A quarterly mining journal IB announced to 1)0 published hero, tho first number of which appears next month. Tho compiler profossos to givo every information with regard to tho mining companies and claims in tho Wide Bay and Burnett district, and to bo a reliable guido to investors. Tho Burrum Coal Prospeoting Company, who aro working tho diamond drill on their ground ncai-Torbanolcn, havo discovered several payable scums, the. last found being 1 feet -11 inohss thick, which they intend shortly to work. There is now a good amount of coal sent weekly to market from tho Burrum field, much of it ueing expoited to northorn towns. Tho weekly receipts on tho Maryborough lino aro showing a steady increase, tho miloago now run being moro than lust year. Last week's returns show receipts noarly £1,300, tho highest yet recorded hero. As Mr. Annour pointed out in tho House, tho Maryborough lino is the second best-paying lino in tho colony, and ib a good argument for tho hurrying on of tho Mungar to Gayndnh line. Tho line to Bundaherg is expeoted to bo completed by tho end of tho year. Tho big gun iscnt up hero some mouths ago for tho usu of tho Naval Brigado iB now being mounted and placed in position, after whiohwo can read tho liuropcun news with more equani mity. On tho othtrhund, a spirit of insubor dination reigns among our Defence Force, on account of their annual pay boiug so long deferred. Brian Hooker's minerological classes aro still being well attended by studonts, many of whom aro now proficient in tho uho of tho blowpipe Tho opening of tho now Oddfollows' Hall was celebrated on Friday night by a triple nr rangewicut of tea, concort, and ball, all well at tended by members qf tho order and others. Our 1'ire Brigade station is now up to a height iif 72 feet, its intended altitude. Tho fcteel he 11— a gift from Mr. Thos. Braddook— is now in position, and has a tonguo loud enough'-' to bo hwird all over tho town. Wo havo now four towers in Maryborough, -from all of which fine views may bo had, namely, St. Piul's Church bell tower, tho post office tower, tho fire brigndo lower, and tho brewery towor, tho latin, u wooden ono, CO feet high. Tlio ecu lit the- bur wua no hiurh last week that Captwi'i foniLh, of tho DiTweut, wns ufruid to orosf, nml returned next day lor provisions and coal. Shipping oonipauies out their vessels' supplies vt-ry rino. Grammar School Foundation Day is to bo commemorated on Friday of next weok, when the pupils givo public samples of their pro gress, arid receive the Towards of industry and application. The Central Sf a to Sohool, girli and infants, pivo ono of their ploiuting cntertninmonta on Friday evening. Throw aro always well patronised by tho publio, who take groit interest in the education of the children. A olub regatta, arranged br tho Mary borough Rowing Club, for tho oncouragamont of their junior members, comes off on tho Sth of November. Tho game of cricket is now in full swinr almoHt daily, the now conoroto wickot boing a cooided novelty. A very smart voyago was inado by tho Roderick Dhu, Bohooner, she having loft hero and roturncd from tho South Sea IslandB in 55 days, landing 47 returns and bringing 10G recruits. Thero is littlo difficulty now in pro curing Polynesian labour, thanks to Sir Samuel. Tho Madeleine, sohooncr, ia also expected in a few days with another similar cargo. Tho Government agent of the Rhoderick Dhu reports that the French are masters of tho stuatlon at tho Now Hebrides. They, howovor, do not interforo with the recruiting by Queensland vessels. About six months ago a watch and waist coat were stolen from a shed at tho wharves, by Eomo unknown thief. Tho latter, howovor, seems to have such an article as a con3oionoo, for it was returned through tho post offioo tho other week, addressed to its former ownor. Wo aro said to have a ghost resident among us at present Whoso it is nobody knows, but there are a good many people who know other people who havo seen it. Even our aonior sergeant was frightened by it tho other day. It ran away when hi appeared, and sank into tho ground, but tho sergeant did not wait to look for tho hole. As Inpcotor L'ord is ex Tiected in town to-dav with tho irold escort from Mount Shamrock, probably ho will lay it, Tho acceptanceB for tho Mary borough Jockey Club spring meeting aro expected to bo out to night, riiero is every promiso that tho moot ing will be a good one. Weather unsottled nt present, with frequent thunderstorms, accompanied with slight rain. 