THE ECCENTRICITIES OF GENIUS. TO THE EDITOR OF TflB AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,-Having an axe to grtnd, will you kindly allow me to do so through (he oolomns of your paper? The man who never made on enemy or lost a friend most decidedly was never called upon to handicap race horses ; but still there is a limit to human endur ance^ and I feel compelled to put pen to paper 011 this occasion. The peculiar manner in which j some owners' horses are treated by the bandicapper' in comparison with others must strike the most casual observer; and in selecting particular horses as examples I simply do so bccauso they strike me as being1 as good instances as I could offer. It comes as regularly as the flowers of spring to read In the yearly Turf Statistics published in your columns that "Mr. Moneybags is again well up on the list of winning: owners ;* but although I have carefully studied them for years I have signally failed to observe attention being directed to the fact that Honrs. Straggler and Co. are. as usual, well down on the aforesaid list. And, 8lr,-1 maintain that their dull uniformity of position is principally due to the " eccentricities of handloappera. One ounce of faot being worth a pound of theory, let me qftote some cases In point, and commenoe with The Bohemian. This horse has been oonUnuslly-flopplng up daring his turf career, mod flopping up, too, fast at die ricrht time. On occasions be has started, and-significant fact-not being conspicuous in the betting quotations, has been coRemondlnriyrarobsetvable during the raoe ; but, beyond.the ".Rajah of FuHygur" threatening to take a walk tound the course to see II he could not piolc up some ot his teeth, and a pithy paragraph in your *' Turf Gossip," no notice has been taken of the matter. At other times, however, when large fields bare oompeted, the powers behind the throne have planked down their pieoet In such quantities that £ toil has been the best tiffer about tilm at the fall of the fiacr: and then lite son of Maribymonj and Nina has seldom made a mlstalte, bnt proved worthy of tfa« implimt oonfldenoe repoeed In him. As a two year ola, In IBM, The Bohemian was fairly suoccssJul. winning three races out of seven, starting first favourite for the Nomanby Stakes, in which he was defeated by The Broker, bat silencing the pretensions ot Kin* ot the Gipsies, Helsne, and Beoond Kin*. As a three year old he started « great number of times, but, If he did not win anything, the stable oould not have fallen very heavily over him, or else the betting quotations in "The Australasian Turf Register'* are a delusion and a span. In 1686, though, he brake loe very early in Me season by putting down Too Too, Claptrap, and 21 others in the Balaolava Stakes, seven furlongs, for whioh the start ing quotations were 4 to l aninstToo Too, 100 to J7 Claptrap, 100 to 10 The Bohemian. Then discretion: evidently became the better part of valour till the V.B.C. Spring Heeling, wheftthe Coburg Stakes, of one tnile and a furlong, came on for decision; and although Parody, 6tanord; The Ghost, Irralee, Dlrit! Hatteralck, me Israelite, Wing, Lord Exeter, Laving- j ton, Merrlmu, Marie Louise, Tempo, and some half { dozen others constituted the field, the 6 to 2 chance " won oleveriy by a length." ' And yet we find, intho lastraoeln whloh he started in Vtetoria prior to his j visitltwr Bandwiok and annexing the Metropolitan j Stakes, an animal like <JuloUo SUtsep-who wasi never taken in hand till *»e was six yean old,] and whosesoUtUT rlcttiy wM ln a Maiden Baoe, of i five and a half fortonga; at Mooneo Valley, over noli oattle as Ishujael, Cincinnati!!, Soyil*. Esmond, and I QUmmer-lea^ mllhd ii ltteae life Qulntln MaMp^i aotually haudmpMn totfve him '41b. in a mllefatje< at FlemlntMe t^ tarrying 8»t flh, to bii 7st. lib.' V BooentrioM^wnr.1low let U8 hark bade toWM last V.&.CL SprtnarMeetiotr. X find.on the third Lord Wilton, wth &t;, In the «prlng Huxltoap,; ©I one null and a quarter, defeating Renus in ja very hollow manner for first position; and - yet, on tho fourth day, in the Free Handicap, of ono mile and a furlong (a distance specially suited to the noble' Lord), lie was only risen 101b,, whilst Remus was imposted 121b., their respective weights being 8>t 101 b. and 7st. 121b. Bemus managed to run a dead heat with The Kun for third place, whilst Lord Wilton finished second. Now look wc at William Tell Everybody knows pretty well by this time what sort of a daisy (he hero of Switzer land is over a aix-!urlongs course. On New Tear's Day he defeated Hogmanay in the 8tandish Handicap, three-quarters of a mile, very easily-as you yourself put it, "inside the distance there wu only one in it"-in lmin. l&Jsec.; Then William Tell carried 0st. 61b. and Hogmanay Sst. lib. When the weights for the New market Handicap made their appcaranco, the for mer was raised 7lb. (to 9st. 121b.) for winning, whilst Hogmanay was raised 151b. (to 9st. Sib.) for running a bad second. Next let us study Camerine. In 1885 die wins the Geelong Cup, two miles, with 7st. 01b. In 1887, when the distance is reduced to a mile and three-quarters, she is thrown in at 7sk 61b., and once more turns up tramps. Then there's Hoaonu During her career she has caught the judge's eye first on numerous occasions; but ehe never seems to rise any higher In the handicappers* estimation. I do not wish to be invidious, bat I cannot help expressing the opinion that the bearers of the black jacket* gold seams, and gold cap-such as Bonora, Xantippe, Mentmore, and Mcrrimu-have been specially veil treated ; the - fact that they have not won far oftener being more the result of infirmity than capability. Mind you, Sir, I am only quoting examples that pre sent themselves to my mind on the spur of the moment. A thorough perusal of the "Turf Register," albeit that work does not show the many instances in which some owners have scratched their horses the raomentthe weigh tsappea red,would reveal numberless other " eccentricities. I notice that Mr. A. R. Blackwood is once again tempting his fate, and, after the manner in which Duration was steadied when in his possession, I must certainly admire his pluck a great deal more than bis judgment How a handi capper should fall into such errors I cannot possibly conceive. He may certainly be carrying out the Scriptural intimation-" Unto him that hath shall be given, and from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath." But, if so, I beg to direct his attention to the circumstance that by so aolng he ef fectually prevents the great majority of horse-owners from being.charitable,forwe have it on tlie same high authority, when speaking of that cardinal virtue "Charity euffereth long and is kind ; charity envieth not: is not puffed up; doth not behave unseemingly, thinkcth no evil" of late years I have arrived at the conclusion that the "Turf Retrister"should be pub lished twice a year. But, again, what would be the use of that if the lessons it conveys are not profited by? Slipshod mast ever be the handicapping that does not combine the two forms-form on the train ing track and " book " form. And as our racing cor porations pay a very high price they should see to it that they get a really firet-clas3 article. It must certainly be extremely nice to be one of the fortunate few; but, Sir, I leave ft to yourself whether circum stances do not materially alter cases when the reverse side of the picture is presented, and you find yourself -not two or three times-but continually ONE OF THE SCOURGED. [We would remind our correspondent that the highest position in turf statistic? is attained through winning races which the handicapped have nothing whatever to do with. .SP. ED. A. ] 