THE VAELEr OP SOULS. According io the Hindoo tradition there exists beneath the earth, in the second oirele of inferior heavens, beyond the reach of the sunlight, an immense valley, half shrouded in obscurity. The bluish, foliage of its trees glimmers be neath a phosphorescent light; its plants, rigid and angular in form, are but crystallisations of different colors, and bear blossoms of jewels, umbels of garnet, topaz, and amethyst, such as one might see in a kaleidoscoce, and which reflect in their prismatic facets the strange blue glow of the trees. In the midst of this lunar twilight all is silent. One hears no song of birds, no hum of bees—the earth is unequal to the sustenance of any living creature. Even the voice of the trees is stilled beneath the motionless foliage. A huge lake which supplies neither spring nor stream occupies the base of the valley— it fills the silence with no sound of melodious and plashing waters ; wnicn-iavewrirnuuv—trevtiiig- \\!ie eoges-ol" the shore and the base of the promon tories, or rise and float like a veil of lawn about the lake's enchanted island. Motion is not, however, entirely lack ing in this silent spot—as a drapery flutters iu the breeze, so here and there the placid surface of the lake flutters, and its calm is broken by silvery ripples. Hero' and there along the waves glide strange forms—so vague that they seem part of the lake itself. Yet still their shadowy outlines suggest human forms, dimly visible through the veil of mist which surrounds them. Their arms and shoulders destitute of flesh and muscle are faint in contour; no trace of hair shades their brows ; their bloodless I facta, which neither mirch nor sorrow eau [ alter, hold nevertheless some expression. Their eyes are barely suggested—the | places where the eyes should bo show dark stains, which send forth only the phantoms of intelligent regard—their shrunken lips, wan and drawn, which "" ueTer open until the supreme command releases their silence, suffice by their form to show the difference in the sexes. Once risen from the lake, these shades j of men and women wander along its shores, or lie upon the hanks where, j through their diaphanous bodies, one may see the earth on which they rest, glistening with its flowers of onyx and topaz, whose petals do not even bend beneath their weird harden. Su:uetitnes, their elbows resting upon he ground, their heads bowed upon their j :ands, these spectres seem to dream. Of what stuff are their dreams ? Perhaps of their past existence ; per- i aps of the existence the future holds •r them. For in this valley sojourn j ose souls who are destined to a new perienco of earthly life. A.fter harm:; bees judged by the terrible l incorruptible Yams,at oneethe Minos ] Piute of the Hindoo under-world, r having accomplished thoir time of bre or delight according as on earth * had lived in vice or virtue, it is in ' pot that, purifi-.d by their expiation ?"ompen3sd for the courage displayed mir struggle, eqnal henceforth in the e?"Indra, the god of heaven, their Pe'nade with Brahma, the all-powerful cre. with Shiva, the all-powerful des t™--nd I'cgouerator, they await the acrr"uto the world of an infant into ^.r. Chitra-Gnipta, the angel of along -.those three pairs of ® j u''are rangodsix pairs of power 1J.tcaaio in U s capacity as Prime : j Yaaia. to arrange for the \- - >u!-. Before the diaxnon-t.,1, v.. entered "\e!iaouatered the goddess Scbitalaj ^rilt»cT0S5 of children born or to ba 'j^e an«el Chitra-Goupta frownedJ,e beb-;!d° lier, for in the goddess nC3gUbaJ a powerful rival. '■ Are 3-gaiahere with your com plainings, he. " and still asking us for your cl.3 those gifts which only the great gynepselves can bestow 1 " '; I have r,j„:more t0 ^k, " answered Schitala, " t Brahma X have obtained what X de=ir>r happiness of the entire hamaiv an(i am here to signify his command ' " What do propos8 to do, and how is it to be don "Listen,^ Its, be proud to second mo in t,reat aud holy under taking. Mai^.ou know, has nearly always sometln,. compj;,ia 0f in his earthly lot. -\j y0U bnor.* why ? It is because too« h;s sooi_ abiding in a f V, "us dwelling-place, is forced to endure.,^- £& ' opposition to avt;nct(_ Hereaft instructed in advt f,,i„ j - tlio soul rrill n % l accepting or ft® Pn"lege °* flesh within whieh~ -? mission. This il tmst lts addressed to Brahi~J" T^Y 'T" granted." ; ud which he has The minister of,l , , v a burst of laughter "ave T-6nt *? Su<* wings beat to^therY,-E1f, Palrs -°f of shoulders, and as1'" hls ^rea Pau? before he eouli -seconds passed length he overcam^3 -sPeech- At « A" you dreamin'^ Brahina himself, overcome b e e Camalata, or by th3 P°rfiJ"e3 Armitam mutt have fceet C0.rdlalT,of a jj t breaming when no mads such a promis t> °n ~ rr j t - t- By the Hames of Hades. I an inclinec i- , L- t. - 'chore he was amusing himself at yoma ,, In reply.. Schitala dr^ • beneath her scarlet mantle the c ter s-.net mantle sna ,S fort]l by Brahma, cirefally o*t . - . of lotus and couscha, Goupta, as -is diamon. rs s open of them,elves o-iore ffo k= Curses upon man ! tWj & °Qm. ing to an end murmured , I ing so deeply that all the fr<,hantoms of the lake were blown towa^ fBrf.j,er shore, as the foam or the seij , fore the breath of the ~te, . r£ make man his own master,Ito" j.Q | accept or re:ist his future de, rji00 much chariiy has made yo.u ,, : mottier ; hercafear m ahnllit" ^ore souls to supply, except to the q£ tho. rich and" powerful. I center? has passed, kings rril, T.:m,;0 to onverii.- born brail ruins srill preach in tho dese lne " Lst us try," said the goddess : It is well, since it is your • , Brahma's decree." f; 111 After thoroughly mastering thC;fi cance of the divine order, the: <?" angel, somewhat re-assared, appt, the lake, consulted his register, antQ in sonorous tones called in turn six0 giving each the surname lAt" borno on earth. At the utterance Oi name the waves trembled, a light* 1 ling manifested itself on some pen the lake's silver smoothness, then ft si slowly rising from his vapory "co gained the shore. When he saw around him all the together, Chitra-Goupta informed! of the decree of Brahma, and impre upon them the one restriction which must understand. Bt a refusal to become at once u-(( inhabitant of the body pre-destined fi < him, the soul would lose his chance tj life, and must remain as many year longer in this valley of shadows as hi might otherwise have lived among tin world of men." This was the clausi wuisll had re-assured Chitra-Goupti .about the consequences of tho decree The first soul called was that of at old dervish, who tad left in Mysore thi ! memory of a life fall of lioly selfJenial as well as the most pious mortifi«}on °f the flesh. | " Yon," said the angel, " shall-'3 horn in the midst of an honest mrcantile family, whese lives run in ji groove squally separated from the hoars whieh bring care to the mind as from-he trou bles whieh roh it of its/ strength. Rejoice!" | " Rejoice doubly," said Scb-abi, " for, sweetly lulled in the sunslim of your mother's caresses, you shall'escape the corruptions of the world, sid still en veloped in the robes of iiocence you shall die an infant. This tiie_ you shall gain the prize of victoryjwithout the struggle of combat." " To die an infant," r'plied the old dervish ; " what ! to pvithy lips to the brim of the cupand haven powertodrink even half it holds 1 to seeouco more tho doors of life open to me,md pause upon the threshold 1 Better w.re it not to be born. I have tasted the'ioys of heaven, now I would know thos! of earth. I will wait." Andmtip?r/'£rtk~B.ger ' ' " Tho old fool has bec*me perverted in heaven," said Chitra-OOupta, shrugging his three pairs of shouSers. " Can it be possibl/' that extreme vir tue as well as rice occasions remorse V' murmured Schitalo,^rown pensive. Another soul too-" the place of the dervish. Chance, or it may be destiny, sometimes pleases tself by bringing to gether strange contrasts. This soul was that of a bavadire, who had delighted all Benares by be"graceful and voluptuous dancingl She b*d even figured brilliantly in the ceremonies of the temple, where, in spite of her eccentric behavior, she had the protection of the priests during j ner Jiretnue ana, perhaps, atter death i tlie indulgeace of thegods. Sheapproaclied lightly —almost in a bound—the divine pair, who were seated upon a rock of malachite veined with gold. " You shall be beautiful/' said the messeugir of Tama, " and because of your j beauty you shall become the wife of a rich nabob, vho will cast all his treasures it j your fee;, to gratify your lightest caprice. Kejoice." The soul of the bayadere seemed :o tremble, as in excess of joy ; she cast a rapid ghnce about her, upou the shrub bery of jade and turquoise, upon all she rich jewels which formed the -floral em bellishaent of the vallea-, thinking, no doubt, ihat she would find, similar ones Necklaces, bracelets, and girdles should j be lien, and jewelson earth with which to adora herself, should hang in elus | ters rrojithe ends of her long flowingliair. Nevertheless before giving her hual accep tance* she asked: " WIU he be young, this rich nabob i whom 2 am to wed ? " "He will be three times your age; but that is nothing. lloioice : for after i lie has loaded yon with liis gifts, ho must die. He will leave you mistress of a | colossal fortune, free to choose a new husband, and this second one shall be j young and noble of countenance. " " Shall I bear him children ? " j " Both your husbands—the young as well as the old—must leave you childless. " The bayadere's countenance fell ; her look of desolation was pitiable. " Childless ! " she repeated ; " still this ] dishouor 1" And turning abruptly away, she disappeared, faltering : " To live without the joy of maternity I IB no me. The emerald angel looked at the bene volent goddess with a mooting smile. " There, " z&id; he, " is a refusal you ccr taiuly did not antieipato, good mother. An old husband to make her rich and to grant all lier wishca ; a young one 10 gratify her tastes. It is not easy to understand this. Is your sex still capri- ] eious, even in thi3 empire of ghosts ? " " If the tree accursed with barrenness could speak, Goupta, you would hare its answer: ' Sterility is dishonor. ' For wotnan the case is even more dreadful. Brahma the divine, by an ineffable gift, deareed froui the first day of the world's existence, to share with woman the faculty of creating. Almost from her cradlo she thrills with an aspiration to maternity. Even yet an infant is she already a mother. Poor bayadere ! I understand her refusal." " Very well," replied Cbitra-Goupta, " but in the meantime we ran the risk of not finding a soul who wishes to leave this valley. "We have tried, without snccess, the old dervish and tho young bayadere—now let us undertake the case of this whilom prince who but lately clung to the hopeless longing for rank and power. Ambition, thirst for glory, are the moving impulses of his class ; this time, I am sore of acceptance," and with a gesture he called to him the soul whose turn had " Rejoice," cried Goupta, as the shade approached, " rejoice, and thank the gods jou shall be king." " King 1" replied the soul with a shudder. " In the olden times it wa3 to a degree endurable—to-day the position is a sad and cruel one. To make one's self the executioner of one's own family, for the purpose of standing well before his people ; to merit the chastisement of heaven and the contempt of men—only to become at last the vasEal or prisoner of the European invaders. What a fate ! My nncle, the powerful sovereign of Deccan, forced me to burn out my eyes that his people should not think me un worthy to succeed him. And he died— how 1 The hnmble dependent of the English king 1 Better were it to be born in the humble cabin of a nariah than on the golden steps that lead to the throne of Delhi." _ There is more danger than I believod,: since even kings decline the offer." mur mured.the minister of Yama. • " We are only half way yet/' pleaded | Schitala, " let us go on." Of the two souls who followed, one was 1 offered the body of a banker not too scrupulous in his method of ac quiring wealth, and who, gaining a fortune, should at the same time fall a victim to a serious illness, so that he could but rarely leave a bed of pain. The other was destined to enter the body I of a laborer, whose out-door life would give him the inestimable blessing of | health and strength. " To be," said one, " at the same time I in health and adversity ! What is that but to possess a good stomach only as an abid ing place for the demon of htmger 2" " Wealth and suffering," quote the other, " a mantle of gold flung upon the shoulders of a corpse." And both re fused. " What have you to say now, Schitala?" asked the emorald angel with an air of triumph. "Do you still think it wise and jnsk to instruct men concerning the fate life holds for thorn, and to leave them free to choose or to reject their new birth ? With this state of things, I re ! peat, the land wonldsoon be depopulated. 1 Thanks to the imprudent prayer "you have addressed to Brahma, there- are .already upon earth five poor, mothers 'Tjewaifing the loss of their still-born infants.* Seeing the good Schitala covered with .hame and bo wins her head in silence,-he led: ' Heed me, Schitala, let us go no tlier—for the last soul left us to con t will surely, and with reason this *16, return at once to the lake." f Opening his book, he prepared to draw nine through tho six names written > cin, but the remaining soul,- finding !' Llf alone, did not await his summons, silently approached the blocfe . of hit#, - ■ By her ■ mournful step, her drooping head, one could plainly read that the memories of her lifo awoke within her breast only sad and melancholy im pressions. This was the gho3t of a poor girl of Lahor, who had in life a grievous lot to endure. jF;ir removed from the pleasures which rank, fortune, and power present she had been the sole support of an aged and helpless mother. "When, at last, Adisano. the God of Unhappiness, had seemed placated by her resignation, and love, with its promises of happiness and consolation smiled upon her, her weddiug morning shone upon her dead— poisoned by a venomous serpent. " Poor creature 1 Yon are fatally pre destined," murmured the angel. "lean not say to you as to the others, ' Rejoice 1' I can not offer you in your new life any thing but pain and privation. These two souls who but now were before me refused their transmigration because they could not possess both health and fortune— for you I can promise neither the one nor the other. You must eudure both "at suctf a price T—Uecide?r'~"""~a=cer)'' '*^e The shade, making uo motion toward the lake, stood silent and attentive, as if in the hope that some further revelation might soften the cruelty of the words she had already listened to. " Alas 1 alas !" said in turn good Schitala, profoundly touched with pity, " profit by the gift of Brahma, dear soul; not only through the continued failing of your health shall adversity pursue you, but after years of incessant, and fruitless toil, grown feeblo and broken, you must exhaust the remains of your streogth in cariug for your invalid husband." \- The young soul started, " This hus band at whose side I must pass iny future life in toil, trouble, and illness—will ho lovo me 1" "Yes, but not you alone. A rival shall be preferred before you ; from the ashes of your happiness, barely known before it fades away, shall come to you new agony—new suffering more heavy to endure than all the rest. Yon will be jealous. " But I shall love him, then ? " " You will love him.'" " Unto the end. " " Yes, unto the end ; for alone of all his veives you wiil follow him to the fiery heart of his funeral pile. " " Blessed be the name of Bralima 1" I would live. " To this cry of love, this passionate ex pression of devotion and self- sacrifice the cold aud silent valley found a responsive echo ; the trees were shaken from their immobility, the phosphorescent lights aud the diamond flowers shone with re doubled brilliancy, and all the phantoms dwelling in the shadowy depths of the lake rose to the surface to wave to their com panion a gesture of farewell. But already the.benevolent goddess had clasped be neath her purple mantle the poor tender soul, while Chitra-Goupta, -spreading swiftly his six pairs of wings, took his flight to the seventh superior heaven, to seek from Iodra, the high god, the annul ment of Brahma's decree. Indra revoked the decree ; but on the pages of his golden book he wrote the name of the young girl of Labor, and un derneath—the name of llie Bayadiire.— Translated from the French oj X. B. Sa'intine. 