Church ordnance-A canoi Parliamentory usage-Ill-usage. The Speaker of the House-The wife. The Liquor Traffic-The flozwing bowl. Ripe for mischief-The early cucumber. The Drink Question-" Have another ?" Melbourne dust always catches the eye of the new chum. A heavily backed horse often carries the lightest weight. Nature and the white settlers have co operated to make Queensland too hot for the heathen Chinee. Jones is making a collection of railway sandwiches; he is going to build anew villas and thinks bricks are not durable enough. It is reported that a leading South Aus tralian legislator is so ugly that, on the occasion of his recent returri from Europe, the authorities tried to collcct a poll-tax from him. A late American paper contains an account of a young Lowell heiress eloping with her grandmother's coachman, and returning, quite cured, to the bosom of her family after afew months of wedded bliss. He was a good coachman, but a very poor groom. The other day a lady in the suburbs, having occasion to leave her house with no one to guard it from the rude intrusion of the bold burglar but a yellow cat, and ex pecting that some of her family would return during her absence, was at a loss to.devise a scheme whereby to frustrate the im moral intentions of any chance, intrusive "Bottle' o'!" and yet give her relatives ad mission to the dwelling. Atlength a happy idea struck her, and writing on a sheet of paper in large letters, which the most illiterate mendicant might spell out,. "The key is under the door mat," she pinned the notice in a conspicuous position, and went her way-rejoicing. "May I see you home, miss ?" asked a suburban swell of a female he overtook in the street late one night last week. A simpering affirmative was returned, and the dandy dude proceeded to lay on all the jam he had about him. He talked just as charmingly as he knew how, but refrained, for obvious reasons, from mentioning the large wife and family he had at home. The young lady turned down his street, and led him right toward his own house; she opened his gate, and, as she turned there to bid him adieu, the light from the street lamp fell upon her face; the festive house father sat, and sinking to the ground gurgled:. "Great Scott ! the new cook !" They carried him in and put him to bed, and he was all right in the morning, thanks. M'Alister and Co., of Singapore, are an enterprising firm, and will forward you a Chinaman at the lowest rates. The follow ing is an advertisement of theirs, clipped from a Western Australian paper :'" Chinese, Malays, and Manilamen forwarded on ap plication, for any required calling; wages from twenty-eight shillings per mnonth." The mean, fly-blown institution of M'Alister and Co. is evidently making its living by shipping yellow slaves to this country. They have a large stock of vari-colored heathens willing to come to Australia to work for seven shillings a week, and our honest laborers will be asked to compste with these greasy Mongols; but they are too level-headed to agree with such a state of affairs; they will put a duty on Chows which will wreck the trade of M'Alister and Co. Some Professor, who evidently has no babies to nurse, and no wood to chop, and so can spare time to gratify his enquiring mind, has ferreted out the fact that, in the middle ages, it was customary in England for a male visitor to kiss his host's wife and daughters on meeting. We are sorry to chronicle the fact that this grand old custom has gone out of fashion. The host is to be blamed for this lamentable state of affairs; a male visitor cannot venture .to kiss his host's wife and daughter with any degree of safety whilst the old man is about; he may do it, of course, but then he runs the risk of being lamed with a club. and thrown over a high fence. Host's wife and daughters are still kissed by the casual visitor at times, but the act is not customary; it is too hurtful to the visitor. Once upon a time the New Zealand Gou vernment subsidised one John White, an erudite authority on the Maori, his life and work, to write a history of the ring-nosed, tattoed son of the soil, and tell all about his manners and customs, his family matters, and relatives by marriage. . Mr. White.. bought somie stub nibs and cream-laid niote~ paper with thefirst deposit, and, after years of calm deliberation, started to glean facts, and string them together. He was not at all hasty about it; John is not a b'uffalo, to go hull-headed at a contract; he just jotted down items as they hit him, and enly the other day, when the Government had for gotten that there was such a person as John White, and had relapsed into a belief that the Maori was devoid of manners and cus toms, out came "The Ancient History of the Maori." People greeted its advent with cold unconcern for some time, but by chance one man opened the "Ancient History," and discovered that the works of Rabelais, Emile Zola, Swift, Stern, and the classic poets were innocent, Sunday-school text. books compared with that history. It was fuller of indecent allusions than a modern divorce court, and there was'sdmething on every page calculated to bring a blush to the cheek of a book-agent. The man let this be known far and wide ; then there was a rush for "The Ancient History. of the Maori;" bald-headed men went clamoring for it at every book- shop, aud young females anxiously inquired after it pdrpost. By-and bye, the powers that be heard of the im morality of the new book, and the powers procured a copy a-piece, and studied it diligently, with the result that the book was suppressed; and now any New Zealander who ean lend "The Ancient History of the Maori" never need go short of a drink. A country ghost wears No. 10 shoes. The most incredulous scoffer must acknow ledge that here is an unquestionable in-. stance of a sole revisiting thtearth. 