Jftetos of the Parishes. ST. JOHN'S, BALLARAT. .:J ., ??????? r- '''?? Vicab. Eev. Canon Mercer. * ''-Vr Dec. 1. Lecture by Rev. Willough by Flower, II. A. ?- 4\. Ven. Archdeacon Julius, M. A., at evening service. 5\. Diocesan Missionary Meeting, Christ Church Hall. 7\. Monthly Meeting of Members of Church Committee. ll. Rev. H. B. Macartney, M.A., morning, afternoon, and evening. 18\. Sacrament of Holy Baptism' and Churchings. The Eight Rev. Lord Bishop at evening1 service. 25\. Christmas Day.— Offertory for Clergy, Widows', and Orphans' Fund. We are thankful to be able to report the thorough success of our annual sale of work, with apron and cake fair, held on 27th October. Every line was sold, to the great advantage of our Church Extension Fund. With the unanimous approval of all concerned, the sale was conducted m the simplest manner, ana tne result plainly snows mat, with a little thought as to the kind of work provided, there need be no resort to gambling or any other of the objectionable methods some times resorted to in order to effect sales — modes of obtaining money which are bringing the Church and the Lord's work into contempt, and which, while a greater immediate gain is obtained, result in permanent loss, material as well as spiritual. At the close of our usual flower service on Charity Sunday, the teachers and scholars carried the flowers to the hospital, and dis tributed them among the patients. They also sang in the various wards, to the great pleasure of the inmates. Two sections were formed, one under the guidance of the superintendent (Mr. Marsh), and the other under Mr. E. L. Nicholl, so that all the wards were visited within reasonable time, thus preventing interference with the evening meal. Every possible help was given in the most courteous manner by the authorities, leaving nothing to. be desired. We have lost another teacher from the Sunday-school in the person of Mr. L. R. Llewellyn, who, with his family, has removed to Mel- , bourne, that his eldest daughter may, with greater facility, pursue her musical studies. The vicar, on behalf of the Sunday- school, presented Mr. Llewellyn with a tea service and a silver butter-dish as a mark of respect and goodwill. ALL SAINTS', BALLARAT. The anniversary of the All Saints' Sunday-school was held in the schoolroom, Drummond-street, on Sunday, 13th November, the Eev. Hal BH Hi C 'E. Morris preaching morning and evening, and the Bev. HH Willoughby Flower, M.A., Vicar of St. Peter's, in the afternoon at a Mi special children's service. ?Mb The following day, Monday, at five o'clock, the younger children BSg were entertained at tea, and at seven o'clock the teachers, senior jBJ scholars, and adults partook of tea. The tables were presided over K| by;Mesdames Weldon and Archer, Misses Stanberry, Drape, Crebbin, mm Bree, Whiteley, Weldon, Ditchfield, Ellis, Siebert, Belcher, and Wm . Debron. The catering was in the hands of Mr. M'Kenzie, and was Mm well carried out. The public meeting was held subsequently in the Bg ???.?-.-? church, the Eev. H. C. E. Morris, in the chair. Songs, recitations, HH choruses, &c.; , were admirably rendered by the members of the church Hg choir, under the able leadership of Mr. Middleton, Miss Weldon W presiding efficiently at the organ. The following ladies and gentlemen BB took part in the programme as soloists and reciters : — Misses Tonkin, Hi Middleton, Siebert ^2), Debron, Ellis, Ditchburn, Weldon, Bree, Hi Schwieger, and Messrs. Bree and Barrow. During the . evening Mr. BH ' Saunders presented Mrs. Weldon with a group of the photos of the Wffl senior scholars and teachers, as a token of the esteem in which that W lady,-was held. The chairman delivered a brief and appropriate « address during the proceedings. The programme was most enjoyable, BBJ arid the anniversary celebration was altogether most successful. M CASTEETON. MB Hospital Sunday was observed here on 23rd October, when a large Hr congregation attended the flower service at Christ Church. The He offertory amounted to £6. flj| A combined Sunday-school picnic was held at Merino on 9th HJ November, and passed off very pleasantly. Bf The Archdeacon has paid an official visit to this parish. On Sun BJr day, 13th November, he preached at Merino, Gum Creek, and H Casterton. At the two former places the congregations were good, BJ whilst at Casterton the church was crowded in every part. The H venerable gentleman, in the evening, preached a stirring sermon based BJ on Hosea xi. 4. ' BJ On Monday morning the Archdeacon paid a visit to Sandford, and £J inspected the new church which will shortly be opened there. In the ? afternoon he gave some admirable advice to a gathering of church BJ workers in the vicarage. In particular he suggested the formation BJ of a Communicants' Guild, as a bond of union, and as likely to Bj increase the efficiency of Church work. He pointed out the importance Bj of organisation, and spoke of the motives which should actuate all BJ , who labour for the Master. In the evening the Archdeacon showed M \ a maeic lantern in the Mechanics' Hall, which was greatly enjoyed by SB the juveniles present. BJ The Church Committee have decided to at once proceed with the RJ , renovation of Christ Church, and a contract for the work has been n let. The interior of the building will be entirely overhauled. H Nothing has been practically done in this direction, we understand, H since the church was first opened. The church will be re-opened for H Divine service on Christmas Day. B BEANXHOLME, CONDAH, &c.; BJ On Sunday, 30th October, Archdeacon Cooper conducted service M and celebrated Holy Communion at Gondah, Spring Creek, and H Branxholme. The offertories at Condah and Spring Creek were in H aid of the Condah Parsonage Fund, that at Branxholme for the PJ Hamilton Hospital. mm With much pleasure we announce the acceptance of the incumbency ajj of this district by the Eev. E. J. E. Haymen, who, during his locum BJ tenency at Casterton, has won golden opinions from all classes. He B will enter upon his duties about 1st March, and will no doubt receive 5& a cordial welcome. It is hoped that steps will soon be taken to erect BJ a parsonage at Condah, the want of a suitable residence being a serious S hindrance as well as loss to the clergyman. ? COLEEAINE. BJ The sum of £4 6s. 3d. has been sent to the Chinese Mission in H Melbourne. The total amount contributed to missionary purposes ? this year is £11 10s. 3d. I] The vestry have called for tenders for renting the Wannon parsonage B property for a term of five years. Particulars may be learnt from the B Coleraine, Hamilton, and Casterton papers. BJ On Sunday, the 13th October, the erfertory for the Hamilton ? Hospital yielded the sum of £3 10s. 9d. 1 , . CEESWICK AND DISTRICT. B The Bishop of Ballarat administered the rite of confirmation at St. B ? John's, Creswick, on 13th November. Ten boys and fifteen girls B were confirmed. The service was a very impressive one. On the B ' following Sunday a goodly number were present at the special celebra B tion of holy communion. B . The Bishop also confirmed at Kingston on the morning of that day. B The Bishop preached on 13th November, in the evening, from B Acts i. 2— 'He was taken up, after that He through the Holy Ghost B had given commandments unto the apostles whom He had chosen.' B Referring to the confirmation held that day, he traced the sacred B ordinance to apostolic times as part of those apostolic 'traditions' B on which Scripture lays great stress, and which in all probability had B their origin in the special instructions given to the twelve, either fl shortly before Christ's ascension or afterwards. The Bishop dwelt B fully on this interesting subject, and showed its bearing on Lord's B Day observance, sacramental ordinances, public worship, and marriage B regulations in the Christian Church, and especially on visible Church B . unity. The apostolic character of the Church was of vast import B ? ance, and was carefully conserved by the reformers, the Reforma B tion consisting in a return to primitive and apostolic teaching and practice from corrupt innovations, without in any way impairing the continuity of the Church, or incurring the serious guilt of schism, against which the apostles pleaded so earnestly. He closed with a personal application of the promise of His perpetual presence, made by Christ to the faithful Apostolic Church. The Ven. Archdeacon Julius delighted a large audience in the Creswick Town Hall by his most interesting and amusing lecture on 'Father Thames,' on 18th November, and at Allendale a fortnight earlier. The members of St. John's Church, Creswick, acting upon the sug gestions of the Bishop of Ballarat, as contained in his Pastoral Letter, have formed an association for the promotion of missionary objects, the Eev. J. Glover being chairman and J. J. Smith correspondent. The following ladies and gentlemen have also enrolled themselves as members, viz. : — Mesdames Glover, Hales, Ziele, Edwards, Martyr, Smith, Whalley, and Coxall, the Misses Burgoyne and A. Smith, and Messrs. Ziele, Martyr, and Coxall. It is fully expected that a large number of the congregation will join, now that the organisation has been set going. The conditions of membership are the payment of at least four shillings per annum, to be paid at the quarterly meetings, the first to be held the first Monday in December. Also the offering of prayer in aid of missionary objects on Sundays. It was suggested that each member of the association be authorised to collect trifling amounts. It was also suggested that the parents of children attending the Sunday-school be urged to contribute through the school mission ary boxes to the object in view. 