feOSSIP. Melbourne Gossip* By Makmion. Our new Bishop has arrived, and been duly wel comed and feted. He is as unlike Dr. Moorhouse in bis theological views, the quality of his intellect, and the style of his preaching, as he is in his personal appearance. Frankly speaking, the right reverend prelate is a disappointment to most of us. But it is hard to have to follow such a man as the present Bishop of Manchester ; and harder still to have to Bear up against such a name as Field Flowers Goe. As a matter of course, the University undergraduates did not omit to make capital out of it -when he pre senteo- minoeii wnu u» *oot. vi we u-gniga «?« we Commencement, for they immediately struck up 'The flowers that bloom in the spring, tra-la,' Erom 'The Mikado.' A clerical friend of mine remarked to the Bishop, ' You and I must have been it Oxford at Ihe same time.' 'And yet I never leard your name,' replied Dr. Goe. 4t I -wonder at hat, because I -was one of the University Eleven.' ' Ah !' said the Bishop, ' I never had anything to do pith cricket or -anything of that sort.' Silence on ire part of the interlocutor. Jubilee year is to have its literary celebration by the publication of a complete history of Victoria during the first half century of its existence. The preparation of theVork was offered by the publishers, Messrs. M'Carron, Bird, and Co., of this city, to Mr. James Smith, in the first instance, and then to Pro fessor Morris, but each was precluded by other literary engagements from undertaking it. It has now de rolved on Mr. A. Sutherland, who is thoroughly well qualified to do justice to his subject. Talking of books reminds me to mention the receipt from Greensburg, Pennsylvania, United States, ' of a curious poem, entitled 'Australia: a Charcoal Sketch.' It is -written in the style of some of the poems in Walt 'Whitman's ' Leaves of Grass,' by Mr. Frank Cowan, who appears to be a Pennsylvania barrister, and to have visited these colonies. It is dedicated to Dr. George Bennett, the distinguished naturalist, of your city ; and iu his preface to it the -writer tells us that the . dominant note of Australian scenery is -weird melancholy, arid that no poem like ' L' Allegro ** could ever be ?written here. ' The Australian mountain forests are funereal, Becret, etern. Their solitude is desolation ; they seem to stifle in their black gorges a story of sullen despair.' A few passages .from the poem, of -which I do not suppose many copies have reached the 'country it describes, may not be uninteresting to the readers of the Sydney MaiL The Jenolan Caves are thus described: — 'Wondrous water-wonnings through an ancient coral strand upheaved into a mountain,, filled with stalactitic jets and pendants, stalagmitic pillars, beads, and buttresses, depend ing robes with crystal diamonds spangled, and a myriad of phantasies of form besides; the concrete correspondent of the dreaming of the youth -who fashioned at maturity the Tej Mahal, symbolic here of all the antres of Austral world.' Presently Mr. Cowan proceeds to speak of 'the ghost of Gordon galloping upon a phantom favourite ; the bright white moonlight entering the hole made by a self-directed bullet through his skull, and streaming out a flame of spirit- burning blue : the while an echo of the beating of his heart is heard within his haunting rhymes.' This is followed by some turgid lines in reference to the old penal system, -which is characterised as having been 'enough to demonise another Dante hell ; ' and then we have the subjoined sketch of another poet : — ' And scintillat ing over all awed the phantom forms, the hammer flash of Henry Kendall, master saga-smith of Austral dom ; his smithy in the bush beneath a fire-charred -stringy-bark : his bellows blast the buster and brick fielder, and the ghastly glowing iron taking beauteous shape beneath his measured blows on this or that ; a brother murdered ' in a far-off sultry summer, rimmed ?with thundercloud and red with forest fires : ' a kins man slaughtered in 'the windless downs, blue gleaming like a sea of molten steel !' ' Mr. Cowan describes with scientific accuracy the fauna and flora of Australia, together with the habits, occupations, and superstitions of its aboriginal population, and then expatiates, in what he perhaps -would call Whitananic-Carlylese, upon the « slayer and successor of the black, the master of {he A mitral world to- day, the problem of the cen turies to come ;' in a word, the Cornstalk, whom he | characterises as ' man compounding millions of man- 1 kind : from all the airts the wind can blaw ; of all conditions, colours, creeds, shapes, sizes, aims, and ends ; invading, over-running, and appropriating ; dwelling, killing, tilling, digging, delving, outstrip ing, ramifying, modifying all ;— the Cornstalk : man involving and evolving an enlarging universe ; invert ing and everting, intermingling, interacting every one ; colonial, intercolonial, dependent, independent, national and international, corporeal and incorporeal, composite, cosmopolitan ; — the Cornstalk : man of the to-day, expanding and extending into the to morrow's homo-ultimate ; inheriting the world within his blood and brawn and brain, and parting ?with, his birthright only with the mooning of the earth ; — the Cornstalk : people-pyramid of Austral Egypt ; course on course, contracting from a base of savagery deep-buried in the desert sand unto an apex of enlightenment bright-gleaming in the ether of the tip-tops of the Black Spur eucalypts ;— the Cornstalk : people-poem in a word ; the Kalevala of the Suomena of the South; the Finland, not of frost, but fire! ' After this long sentence, I think the reader will like to fetch a deep breath. A private view of the Students' Exhibition at the National Gallery enables me to state that it is strong in figure subjects and weak in landscapes. There is one picture of exceptional merit, to which the judges — Messrs. George Gordon, Thomas Carrington, and James Smith — have awarded the gold medal, carrying a three years' travelling scholarship of £150 per annum. It is by Mr. J. Longstaff, and is entitled '.Breaking the News.' An old gold-mmer has just come in to prepare a young wife and mother to receive the terrible news that she has been widowed by an accident in the mine, and that he for whose midday meal she has made such careful preparation is a corpse outside. Indeed, a portion of the stretcher is visible through the half-open door, and so is the shaft of the mine upon a neighbouring hill ; while the brightness of the day outside seems to heighten, by contrast, the gloom of the domestic tragedy. The sentiment and technical qualities of the picture are both good, and it has been perhaps unconsciously, that the central figure has been posed and painted so as to suggest the prisoner's wife, in Sir J. E. Millais' picture of ' The Reprieve.' Our young landscape painters, it is to be feared, are too much under the influence of the French impres sionist?, and give us hasty memoranda of national objects, in which they are more intent on colour than on form, and try to represent transient effects of light and shade, without any regard to definition of detail or atmospheric media. I fancy that when Constable's picture arrives — if it be a really fine example— it will be a revelation to some of them. 'While upon the subject of pictures I may remark that not only may we look forward to a fine collection being sent out from the Grosvenor Gallery, and by the association of Anglo- American artists, which has been organised by Mr. Ageist, with the co-operation of the president of the Royal Academy, but that the Belgian Government, always alive to the interests of the artists in that kingdom, has placed itself in com munication -with our own to ascertain if a selection of good works by living painters in Brussels, Antwerp, and other cities would be received and properly ex hibited at the same time that the Grosvenor Gallery pictures are on view here. A favourable reply has been forwarded, and the approaching completion of an extension of the south wing of the National Gallery will enable the trustees of that institution to afford the necessary wall-space for both the English and the Belgian pictures. The Melbourne Shakspeare Society held its yearly meeting on the anniversary of the dramatist's 'birth- day, under the presidency of Professor Morris, who was enabled to congratulate a full meeting upon the unabated success of the society and the generally high quality of . the papers read at its monthly meetings, especially complimenting those of Mr. Way, -whose admirable translation of the Iliad he warmly eulogised. One of the features of the evening was a a scene from ' Twelfth Night,' capitally recited' by Mr. Locke Richardson, whose Shakspearian recitals — the whole of them from memory — have been drawing together large audiences a week, for some time past. He is equally good as the exponent of Tennyson and Dickens, more especi ally as regards the ' Christmas Carol ' of the one and the ' Enoch Arden ' of the other. I believe you -will shortly have an opportunity of hearing him in Sydney. In theatrical matters there is not much to report. ? A Run of Luck ' is proving true to its title at the Theatre Royal, and the 'Harbour Lights' will con tinue to shine -until Saturday next at the Princess's. Mr. Boucicault, jun., has been taking his father's character in ' The Shaughraun,' at the Opera-house, and is showing himself to be a ' true chip of. the old block.' Great preparations are being made for the production of the German opera of ' The Czar and the Carpenter ' at the Alexandra Theatre, where it will be played for one night only, under the auspices .of the German Club in this city. If it is not a success : it will not be for want of incessant rehearsals. At '? the Bijou a nondescript farrago of nonsense, : entitled 'Skipped by the light of the Moon,' \ was produced on Saturday evening by Mr. i J. Gourley, 'who sustains the leading character, i Bad as it is, the piece made the audience laugh constantly from beginning to end; and the fact is a ' significant index of the direction of public taste among playgoers in this city. I understand that on the termination of their present lease of the Theatre '. Royal Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove do not intend to renew it, but -will concentrate all i their attention — in so far as Melbourne is concerned — upon the new Princess's Theatre. The latter is a ; general favourite on account of its elegance and com- * forts ; and although a few years ago its situation was * regarded as almost extra-urban, it is so no longer ; and the tramways -which run past or very near it have ] brought it into communication with, all the suburbs, - as well as with every part of Melbouowk - 