GENERAL NEWS. Cm Battalion Volunteer Force—Regi mental Order,—The following la & descrip tion of the uniform as approved by the Com mandant:—Tunio—Close fitting, of dark bine serge cloth (as per sample), with light blue facings (collar and caffs), with one eighth scarlet pipings around collar ; depth of collar, 1} inches; the ,cnff to be finished with Austrian knot on sleeve upon scarlet backing, showing one-eighth of an inch on each side of braid-scarlet piping in front on left side and down pleats at back. Shoulder straps of same cloth as tunio, edged with scarlet piping as before described, with 1 over A.V. in silvered metal affixed to some. Buttons of silver. TronBers — Bark-bine serge cloth, with scarlet piping down seam. Helmet as now worn, with badge in front in silvered metal (now being struck off). Forage Cap—Dark-bine cloth, with silver bugle ornament upon scarlet background. Captains of companies are requested to have the alteration made at onoe, so that the City Battalion may appear in their new uniform on June 21. Lobd Bbassey.—Lord and Lady Brassey on Friday morning, in company with His Excellency the Governor, were shown over the Jubilee Exhibition Building by Sir Samuel Davenport and Sir Herbert Sandford. They afterwards inspected the collection of furs at Messrs. Maurice Salom & Co.'s auction mart. In the afternoon His Lord ship attended the annnal meeting of the South Australian Branch of the Royal Geo graphical Society of Australasia, and de livered an address. He was subsequently shown around the Government offices by the Acting Premier (Hon. J. C. Bray), and was much interested in the specimens of gold from Teetulpa which were purchased by the Government to be exhibited at the Exhibi tion. In the evening Lord and Lady Brassey were present at the dinner party given _by His Excellency at Government House. Tnis evening, in company with Sir William HobineoD, they will witness the performance at the Theatre Royal. The Missing Fishermen. — Mr. C. M. Muirhead on Friday morning waited upon the Acting Premier (Hon. J. C. Bray) with a request that the Government would have a search made for the missing fishermen from Glenelg. Mr, Bray informed him that the police had been patrolling the beach all along the Gulf, and were still engaged in that work, and that the Govern ment were taking every possible step to ascertain what had become of the men. The Late Loan.—The Acting Premier (Hon. J. C. Bray) has arranged to deposit half of the last loan with the Associated Banks in Adelaide at 2% per cent, interest. The agreement is for twelve months, with the right to terminate it at any time after January next on six months' notice being given. If found necessary the Government can leave the money with the Banks for a longer period. Instructions have been issued to the Agent-General (Sir A Blyth) to deal with the other half of the loan in London. Geographical Society. — The annnal meeting of the Sonth Australian Branch of the Royal Geographical Society of Aus tralasia, hell at the Society's rooms, in Waymouth-street, on Friday afternoon, May 27, was more than usually in teresting. In the first place the gathering, which was well attended, took place in the Society's new rooms, the walls of which were decorated with maps, charts, native weapons, &c.; again, the record of work done was en encouraging and the position of the Society satisfactory; while finally Lord Brassey was present, and honoured the meeting with an interesting speech, in which a graceful tribute was paid to such navigators as Captain Cook. He dwelt with gratification upon the fact that it had fallen to the Anglo-Saxon race to settle and develop the colonies, and insisted upon the freedom of commerce for their prosperity. In connection with New Guinea he alluded to the limitations which latitude imposed upon the physical labour of Europeans, but pointed ontthe profitableness of Englishmen developing such lands by the employment of other raceB. He did not omit to touch upon the growing affection existing between England and tbe colonieB. The varions reports were adopted, and necessary business transacted. From the causes above enumerated it will be easily understood that the meeting was of a most enthusiastic character. Sudden Death or a Market Gardener.— The Coroner was informed cn Friday morning that Mr. Thomas Stanford, a well-known market gardener residing at Belair, died suddenly while in the stable attending to his horses. An enquest will be held at Belair this morning. Rabbit-proof Fence.—The Minister of Lands some weekB Bines invited tenders lor the erection of a rabbit-proof fence along tbe South Australian Border (says the Leader). The work was divided into three sections, and a nnmber of tenders were sent in for each, but the prices were, without exception, so much in excess of the estimate that the Minister did not feel himself justified in accepting any of the tenders nntil a report had been obtained upon them from an officer of the department. After due enquiries Mr. Dow has decided only to accept the tender of Mr. G. Trneman, of Border Town, for the first section of ,40 miles at £19 per mile. The two remaining sections, which provide for 70 miles of fencing, are to be readvertised, as the prices were too high, the highest tenderer being actnaliy three times in exceBs of tbe price at which the first section was let. For the first section the wire-netting of which the fence is to be constructed will have to be sent from Melbourne by. railway toDimboola, and thence to the Border ; but for the remaining sections it is proposed to send the material from Echuca by steamer down the Murray, thus considerably lessen ing the cost of carriage. Medical Appointments. — Mr. Charles R» Price, M.R.C.S., England, and registered in this province, has been appointed to the charge of Teetulpa Hospital during Dr. Richardson's absence. i Probates.—During the week ended May 27 the following probates and letters of administration were grantedProbates.— William Lane, of St. Hilda, Victoria, £1,150; William Fudge, of Kapunda, £50; William Hutchison, of Hindmarah Valley, £300; Thomas Herbert, sen., £500; Andrew Hunter, of Palmerston, £150; Walter Manser, of Mount Crawford, £2,200 ; Patrick Mclntyre, of Para Plains, £100; Joseph Clothier, of North Adelaide, £50; Eleonora Ran, of Hahndorf, £75; Margaret Cobain, of Port Adelaide, £200; Isaac Bush, of Ade laide, £400; William Kerslake, of Middleton, before Dnty Act. Letters of Administration. —Edward Clarke, of Border Town, £280; Frederick Hodges, of Adelaide, £500; J. W. McKechnie, of Port Wakefield, £300; George Lord, of Murtoa, Victoria; Alison Smith, of Goodwood Park, £1,850, Death or Sib Chabi.es Coopeb —Our telegrams announce the decease of Sir Charles Cooper, first Chief Justice of South Aus tralia, who for twenty-fire years has been abBent from the colony and receiving an annual pension of £1,000. The Chairman of the Mabwe Board.— On Thursday evening the Chairman of the Marine Board (Mr. J, Formby) left for Viotor Harbour on Marine Board bueineBs Among other things he will eee_ about the beacons in the Murray, and will inspeot the Point Malcolm Lighthouse. Viceregal Visitors. — Lord and Lady Braseey and party arrived at Government House on Thursday afternoon from the Port, the viceregal railway carriages having been sent down by the Governor for the use of his distinguished visitors. There were dinner parties at Government House on Thursday and Friday, and there will be another on Monday evening. This afternoon from 3.30 to 5 Hie Excellency's second reception takes place, at which his guests, aho the Japanese officers, will be present. This even ing the Governor, with Lord and Lady Brassey and party, will be present at the Theatre Royal. Excursions will also be made to Marble Hill and other places of interest, in order that the vieitors may see aB much of the beautiful surroundings of Adelaide as time will permit. The party Btaying at Government House consists of Lord and Lady Brasses^, the Hon. Miss Brassey, two younger sisters, and Mr. DesGraz, Her Ladyship's Secretary. As these will fill the house, His Honor the Chief Justice, with his usual hospitality, entertains the Hon. T. B. Brassey and Mr. Pemberton at his residence in North Adelaide. The Bebthday Review.—In onr enumera tion of the companies of the Volunteer Force present at the Review on Tuesday last we omitted to mention the Burra Company, of which Captain Holder, Lieutenants O Connell and Butterwortb, and forty-two non-com miseioned officers and men (including fourteen in the band) were on parade. Legislative Council Elections, — in reply to an influential requisition, largely signed by electors of the Central District, Mr. J. H. Angae, J.P., of Collingrove, has decided to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for that district. The Cbadock Ghost.—Our Orroroo corre spondent writes under date May 20:—I understand that the child Schultz, who has been the medium through whom the " ghost has been doing the " knocking business, is now residing with her friends at Blackrock. Several persons from here and Petersburg have viBited her to attend the sdances, It ib a moBt peculiar fact that this knocking has been heard only at night. „ Grubbing at Emu Flat.—The Conservator of ForeBts on Thursday received a letter from the official in charge at Emu Flat to the effect that thirty-one gangs of men were now engaged in grubbing there at 10a. per acre, ana that they were making fair wages at the work. New Brsnor of Bathubst,—Canon Charles Edward Camidge, who has been appointed BiBhop of Bathurst, New South Wales, js Vicar of Thirsk, in Yorkshire, and Chaplain of Thirsk Union. He was at Wadham Col lege, and took his M.A. degree at Oxford in 1801\. For seven or eight years he laboured as curate in thickly populated districts at Sheffield and Wakefield, and later on was appointed rector of a parish in Yorkshire, from which he was removed to Thirsk as vicar and also Canon in York Cathedral. He is the author of " A History of Wakefield, and its Industrial and Fine Art Exhibition, W ESLEYAN CnUBOH J CBILEE CELEBRATION. —Final thanksgiving services to commemo rate the close of the fiftieth year of Wesley an Methodism in this colony were held in the Piiie-street Church on Tuesday. A love feast was celebrated in the afternoon, and a public tea and public meeting were held in the evening, all of which were well attended. The opening gathering was presided over by the President of the Conference (Rev. J. Y. Simpson). Addresses were given, by the Revs. J. H. Trevorrow and S# Knight and the Mod, J. Carr, all of whom referred to the jubilee of the Queen and the colony and fch© Wesleyan Church, The Rev, S. Knight spoke of the progress of Wesleyan Methodism, and re ferred in feeling terms to the career of Queen Victorias He moved—"That this meeting, which finalizes the jubilee celebra tion of the Wesleyan Church in Adelaide, acknowledges the goodnesB of God for fifty years of His presence and power with Hie people, and rejoices in the contempoianeous jubilee Of grace which signalizes the reign of Her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, by the grace of God defender of the faith of this Empire for fifty happy years.' This was followed by the anthem " God Save the Queen," which waB sung by the choir and congregation. Mr. D. Nock seconded, and the congregation standing signified their ap proval by hearty applause. The Rev. G. T. Newman moved a vote of thanks to Mr. W. B. Chinner '.(the organist) and the ladies who bad made preparations for the meetings, which was carried with aoclamation. One of the chief features of the evening waB the rendering by the choir of hymns sung to old Methodist tnnee. Stirling East.—The half-yearly effort in connection with the Bible Christian Church, Stirling Blast, was held on Sunday and Tues day. The Sunday services, to very good con gregations considering the weather^ were con ducted by the Rev. J. Trevrin, paBtor of the Circuit. On Tuesday the usual tea was held, when, notwithstanding the weather again being unpropitious, the large number of about ninety sat down to a goodly array of provisions, which were all given by the friends. After the tea a well-attended meeting was held iD the Church, presided over by the Rev. J. Trewin, when Mr. Bad ford presented the Chapel report, and an address was given by the Rev. J. Hancock. The meeting waB alBO addressed by the Rev. J. Trewin, Mr. Heard, and others. The choir was under the direction of Mibs Milford, who haa for many years done good service for the Church in that neighbourhood. A well-attended supper brought the proseedinge to a close. Lord ass Lady Bbassey's At Home.— Invitations were issued by Lady Brassey to a ■ lance number of Glenelg residents for an "at bome" on the Snnbeam from 3 to 5 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon. The weather was perfect for the occasion. The Mermaid con veyed the guests to within a few yards of the yacht, and the Sunbeam's boats conveyed them to the gangway. Lord and Lady Brassey, the Hon. T. B. Brassey, and the Hon, Miss Brassey received about sixty visitors. They were shown the beauties of the craft, and many were the expressions of" admiration. The deck was used for promenading, and the yacht's people enter tained their visitors in a royal fashion. In the morning the Mayor of Glenelg (Mr. W. F. Stockldrove Lord and Lady Brassey, (die Hon, T. B. Brassey, the Hon. Miss Brassey, Dr. Hoffmeir, ana Messrs. Pemberton and Des Graz to Blackwood. The party lunched there, and drove back to the Bay in time to receive their guests on the Sunbeam. Bulli Relief Fund.—A meeting of the Central Committee of the Bulli Relief Fund was held in the City Council Chamber on. Wednesday afternoon. The Mayor (Mr. £. T. Smith, M.P.) presided over a small atten dance. It was stated that £503 19s. had already been received, but there were some forty or fifty cards not yet in. The whole of the advertising, postages, &o.;, would not amount to more than £10, so that at least £500 could be eent to the relief of the bereaved families. The receipts: were considered most satisfactory in view of the present state of affairs in the colony. Some of the outstanding cards had not been oolleoted, because there was a deeire to leave them open until the end of the month. His Worship explained that the Register and Advertiser had inserted the advertisements gratuitously, and the com mittee expressed their thanks to the pro prietors of the dailies for their kindness, and also for the promise that had been given to insert the list of subscriptions. On the motion of Sir Henry Ayers, K.C.M.G., C.B., it _ was determined that £500 should be re mitted to the Mayor of Sydney. The lists will be finally closed on June 6, and another meeting will be held subsequent to that date. The Commercial Bane op South Aus tralia.—A very large number of people were present at the Town Hall Exchange room on Wednesday afternoon, when Messrs. F. W. Bullock & Co., under instructions from the liquidators of the Commercial Bank of South Australia, offered for sale numerou city and suburban properties. When the bidding first opened it was pretty brisk, and the disposal of the first two lots augured well for the remainder being sold; but the expec tations were not realized, and out of fifty four lots brought under the hammer only three were knocked down. Those disposed of included two blocks of Town Acre 506, with three cottages thereon, which realized £1,000, and an allotment in Brompton, which was Bold for £74 5b. Considerable interest was manifested when the leasehold of the premises in King William-street, lately occupied by Messrs. D. & W. Murray, was submitted. The term of the lease was 100 years from January 1, 1885. On the lot being offered there was no response, and eventually Mr. Bullock started it himBelf at £5,000, and it wob passed in at £5,600. Subsequent to the sale the auctioneers had offers privately for several of the properties, and they expeot to dispose of them at satisfactory prices. Property of Life Assuranoe Companies. —According to a Bluebook recently issued the total property of the Life Assurance Com panies of the United Kingdom amounts to the enormous sum of £164,000,000. Mr. J. Parley, S.M. — We (Kapunda Herald) are glad to hear that the last news received of Mr. Varlev's condition was more favourable. He was slightly better, but still very weak. Missing Fishermen.—We hear that the open fishing-boat Harriet, with three persons on board, hasbeen out from Port Vincent since lost Wednesday week. On that day she left for Glenelg with a man named Pope and his son and another man named Spence. Pope's wife waa confined only a week ago, and has six children, all under 12: years of age, under her care. They are in poor circumstances, Spence left behind him his wife and six children, some of whom are grown up. The family were entirely de pendent upon Spence's earnings. Can nothing be done in the way of a search for the party ? Political Meeting.—An adjourned meet ing of several members of the House of Assembly and class representatives was held at Grayson's Coffee Palace, North- terrace, on Friday evening, May 20, Mr. Duncan pre sided. The deputation appointed at last Tuesday's meeting to wait upon Messrs. A. M. Simpson and A. Adamson, sen., and request them to become'candidates for the vacancies in the Legislative Council, reported that the first-named gentleman had declined on account of busineBB engagements, but that the latter had acceded to the request, and had informed them to what extent he was in favour of increased fiscal duties. The merits of other probable suitable candidates, as well as thoBe of Mr. Coglin, were discussed, and finally it was resolved that a deputation should wait upon Mr. T. JohnBon to become a candidate also. After this the meeting ad journed. The feeling of the meeting was entirely in favour of payment of members and protection. Sydney Chabitable Institutions.—The Premier has received a number of letters (say the Sydney Morning Herald) from in mateB of the Kewington Asylum—persona who have been many years in the institution of which Mrs. Ricks has had the management —denying the truth of the charges made in the report of the Board of Enquiry. The - letters contain very serious reflections on. the manner in which the enquiry was con ducted. Jt is nnderstood that the Govern ment will thoronghly investigate the charges made in the report, and obtain all informa tion possible regarding the manner in which the enquiry haB been conducted, before taking any positive action. Valedictory. — The Jamestown Review regrets the projected departure of Dr. Patton for Ireland. Dr. Patton came to Jamestown some two years ago, and daring that time has. carried on the practice previously held by Dr. Cockbum. On Tuesday, May 24, Dr. Patton was made the recipient of a handsome gold albert, which was presented to him as a. slight token of eBteem in which he was held by some of the ladies of Jamestown. Dr. Patton leaves for Dublin by the Clyde on. Jnne 2, carrying with him the beBt wishes of the whole district for bon voyage and a speedy recovery of his health. Dr. Pentland sncceeds Dr. Patton. Extra Aide-de-Camp to the Governor. —His Excellency the Governor has appointed Captain A. R. Mechan as extra Aide-de Camp. Arrival of Orient Sailing Shdps.—Mr. T. E. Pugh is in receipt of oable advise announcing the arrival at London of the ships Holmsdale and Hespgrusj on Friday, last, 20th inst. Clebk of Parliament.—Mr. E. G. Black more has been appointed Clerk of Parliament in addition to bis appointment, of Clerk of the Legislative Council. He will _receive no additional salary for the extra duties. A Bible College. —The following has been suppliedin the year 1869 Mr. H. S. Earl, M.A., who was then residing in Adelaide, and labouring in the work of the ministry in connection with the Church of ChriBt, Grote-street, collected a sum of money for the purpose of establishing a College in connection with that body for the study of Bible exegesis and cognate Bubjects. To the sum collected an equal amount was added by a generous donor, and the whole was invested in suitable securities. Subsequently a trust deed was prepared, i and Mr. Philip Santo, Mr. A. T. Magarey, and Dr. Magarey were appointed trustees, with power to add four otner gentlemen to their number, these seven to form the governing body of the College, _The object of the College is stated in the trust deed to be ' To educate or asBiBt in the education of young persons who, be lieving that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the living God, are desirous of teaching and preaching repentance towards God and faith towards our Lord Jesus Christ. But no humanly devised theological system, nor any denominational creed or system may be taught, except so far as it may be necessary to refer to such creeds and systems in order to; avoid them.' In addition to ordinary .students who intend to devote their lives to the preaching of the gospel, young men and women who desire to fit themselves for usefulness in Church work, but wbo do not intend to devote all their time as preachers or missionaries, may have the opportunity of acquiring, by means of the College classes, a systematic training. The course of instruction is to consist of sacred history, Biblical literature, evidences of Christianity, ecclesiastical history, and moral philosophy, together with instruction in the Hebrew and Greek languages, as well as any other subjects which may be regarded . as germane to the object for which the College is founded. In addition ' to' the olasses for ordinary students, \- evening classes will be formed, in which the same course of study will, as far as possible, be puisued, as in the day classes, so that those who are following their daily avoca tions may have every facility placed within their^power to become efficientlyiprepared for every phase of Church life and work. There are two special features in connection with the College: the first of which is that the tuition is to be absolutely free of .'charge; and the second that the classes are open to persons of all denominations, the simple provision being that the students shall be of good moral character | and believers in the Lord JesuB Christ. Mr. T. J. Gore, M.A., wbo has recently re turned from America, is to be the Principal of the College, assisted by honorary teachers, and it is expected that the systematic work of the College will be commenced in the course of a few months. As the Endowment Fund of the College is not at present equal to the requirements, the trustees have aBked Mr. M. Wood Green, of the Grote-street Church, to proceed to America and England to collect fands for the increase of the en dowment and the general work of the College, the Chnrch having given leave of . absence for that purpose, and as the body has a membership of some 700,000 in the United States, in addition to a considerable membership in Great Britain and Ireland, it is anticipated that a sufficient sum will be obtained to place the College on a firm work ing basis. We understand that Mr. Green proceeds to America by the next Californian mail, which leaves Sydney on June 15, and as it his intention to visit all parts of the Uoited StateB where there are Churches belong ing to the body, he expects to be away about a year, during which timeiMr. T. J. Gore will occupy the platform of the Grote-street Church." Government Land Sales. — At the Goverment Land Office on Wednesday several educational leases were offered. Only one lot was disposed of, namely, in the Hundred of Oladdie, Sections 18 and 159, containing 53 aores, to JamoB Hick, at 2Jd. per acre. Sly-ghog selling at Hebgott. — The following extracts are made from a re port furnished to the Commissioner of Public Works by a man wbo was sent up to Hergott by the police authorities to enquire into the Bly-grogselling business, &c.;, carried on there " There is no reason why men coming here could not equip themselves, as they get very good wages, day work being paid for at the rate of Gs. to 7s. for every eight hours. Drinking is carried on to excess on the works. Men caunot afford to pay the exorbitant price charged. Still, they drink, and the consequence is that they do not get sufficient food. This iB the cauBe of so much sickness, and not the water. Men can become accus tomed to that, and even like it. I have questioned several men who have been at Strangways Hospital about the doctor and treatment generally. They said they were well treated by both doctor and officials, while the different gangers can get any medicines they want, and most of them keep a supply of eye-water, dysentery medicine, and quinine. It is always best to be on the safe side. The piecework is undoubtedly good, the price being Sd. per cubic yard, and to a certain height or er tbat 9d. 1 helped to do one chain of 4-feet bank, and we Bhifted 146 yards in less tban a week, which gave us a trifle over Ss. per day. The complaints that come to Adelaide are absurd. Some of the men do not work half their time, while others arc not able to do a day's work. In coming up here it came to my knowledge that a great many men getting free passes get out at Petersburg and take the Siiverton line to New South WaleB," Lions fob the Zoo.—By the Orient mail Mr, A. C. Minchin, Acting Director of the .'Zoological Gardens, has received a letter from bis father to the effect that he has pur chased a fine lion nearly full grown for the gardens; also a pair of cubs. The animals were obtained from Mr. Ball, the Director of the Dublin Zoological Gardens. The Glen Osmond-boad.—On Wednesday morning Councillor J, G. Jenkins, M.P., introduced to the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. L. L. Furner) a deputation comprising the Unley Corporation and Burn side District Counoil, who asked that a sum of money might be _ placed on the Estimates for kerbing and paving Glen Osmond - road from _ the Fountain Inn to Park-terrace. It was pointed out that the road was under the control of the Bead Board, and that the local Corpora tion bad no power to spend money upon it. Mr. Furner, in reply, promised to obtain a report from the Surveyor of the Central Boad Board on the matter. Donations from Miss Da Costa.—We are informed that Miss Louisa Da Costa, through her attorneys (Messrs. G. Hance & A. Spenee), has given another donation of £100 to the Adelaide Hospital and a similar sum to the Home for Incurables. Address from thb Anglican Synod to the Queen.—After the disposal of some formal business at an adjourned meeting of the Anglican Synod on Wednesday Bishop Eennion, Dean Marryat, and the Secretaries of Synod were appointed to sign an illumi nated address congratulating the Queen on the completion of the fiftieth year of her reign. The address will be forwarded to Her Majesty by His Excellency the Governor. The Levee. — The following additional apologies have been received for non- atten dance at the levee held by His Excellenoy the Governor on the 24th inBt.Mr. A. G. Burt, Mr. Arthur Day, Mr. J. J. Dun can, M.P., Dr. Gorger, Dr. John Bees. Volunteer Force General Orders — The formation of the D, or Wilmington Mounted Infantry, Corps volunteer Force, and of the E, or Melrose Mounted Infantry Corps Volunteer Force, has been approved of. Mr. E. P. Diguan, having been appointed lieutenant on probation, is posted to _ the Wilmington Company, and is ap pointed to the command of the same, Mr. W. O. Thomas having been appointed lieu tenant on probation, iB posted to the Melrose Company, and is ap pointed _ to the command of the same. The Bngadier-General Commandant has approved of the following promotions on pro bation in^ the Wilmington Company: Pri vate C. S. Holthouse to be Company Ser geant-Major, Privates W. H, Cherry and R. Cole to be Sergeants, and of the following Sromotions on probation in the Melrose ompany:—Private A. C. Ruthven to be Sergeant-Major, Privates C. F. Jorgenaon ana F. Daley to be Sergeants, Volunteer Force Uniform,—The officers of the No. 3 (central) District of the Volun teer Force met at the Black Bull Hotel after the Review on Tuesday to consider the ques tion of uniforms. Major Roberts presided, and there were alBO present Captains Cas tme (Riverton), Tothill (First Midland), Warren (Wiliiamstown), and Lieutenants OConnell (Burra), and [Jones (Wallaroo). After come discussion all but Cap tain Warren were in favour of the dark-bine uniform with light-blue facings, as adopted by the City Battalion. As, however, a change cannot be made without the unanimous consent of tbe officers another meeting is to be held. In the meantime Brigadier-General Owen will be consulted. The Belair Forest Reserve.—The Con servator of Forests (Mr. J. E. Brown) has engaged _ thirty men to cut firewood in the Belair Forest Reserve. From 1,000 to 2,000 tons will bo cut, for which 5s, per cord will be paid, each cord containing a little oyer 2 tons. A few men are now engaged in planting the ground at Belair which was cleared last year, and the Conservator ex pects this work to be finished next week. About 7,000 trees will be planted in all, con sisting chiefly of pines, planes, and sngar gums. The Unemployed and Timber-cutting. | On Wednesday afternoon a notice was posted in the Labour Bureau Office intimating that lOO Bawyers were required for cutting sleepers 111 the Willowie Forest Reserve, but up to 4 o clock on Thursday afternoon only nine men had handed in their names as being willing to go. Referring to the statement ot the, unemployed that the work required skilled labour the Conservator of Forests in forms us that half of the men now engaged in the forest cutting timber had never previ ously bandied a saw in their lives for that particular purpose, but they were speedily taught their dutieB and are now earning £2 10s. per week. Mr. Brown is confident that the unemployed conld likewise in the course of a few weekB make good wages if they would only try. ' The Government Geologist,—A letter received from Melbourne on Thursday intimates that Mr. H. Y. L. Brown has sufficiently recovered from the injuries he received through the railway accident to be able to sit up for two or three hours daily. He is, however, still very weak and shaky. The Late Chief Officer of the Cheviot. — We have been requested by Captain F. W. Strickland, of the Cheviot, to receive dona* tions in aid of the widow and family of his late chief officer, Mr. Joseph Crosbie, who was unfortunately drowned during the recent voyage of the Cheviot to Port Adelaide. From Captain Strickland's own account of the voyage it would appear that some of the seas striking the Cheviot were phenomenal in I1? i ? force. Referring to the sea which dashed poor Croabie overboard the captain says:—411 have been at sea for twenty-three years and have never seen one like it. I have never seen such a perfect wall of water in my life. There were just three seas encountered, the last of which was tbe greatest. Tbe only parallel description I kn?w of was the sea encountered by the Ommborazo in the Bay of Biscay some year ago, when that'steamer was greatly damaged. I ■was on the bridge of the Cheviot at the time of our disaster, but could see nothing owing to the steam coming up from the stokehole. If Bhe had taken a second sea like that it would have put the fires out. It was afterpasBingCapeNorthumberland when tcese seas struck us abeam. The helm was put hard a-starboard just in time to bring her up end on, and the third sea swept right over Two boats were seriously damaged, the deck houses damaged, and the tarpaulin swept off the hatches. Another sea after this would have greatly imperilled us. Had the helm not been hard down there would have been a serious calamity. Previous to these seas coming the ship was going along as smooth as a dish, aud I had not the slightest cause for apprehending danger. I was 8 or 30 miles off the land. The position is a usual one for cross-seas. I think it is owing to the uneven ground. Mr. Crosbie has left a widow and three children, and was also supporting his own orhiB wife's mother." Me shall be happy to receive subscriptions on their behalf. Northern FederalQuarantink Station. —The Government, in answer to their enquiries, have received replies from the Governments of the other colonies with refercnce to the qneBtion of a federal quaian tine station at Port Darwin. There is a difference of opinion on the part of the other oolonies where the station should be situated, and our Government, therefore, propose to re open the correspondence, advancing addi tional reasons in favour of Port Darwin. Visit of H.M.S. Nelson,—His Excellency the Governor, who telegraphed some days ago asking that the officers and ship's com pany of the Nelson might take part in the ceremonies connected with the opening of the Exhibition, received yesterday a telegram from Admiral Fairfax stating that he will gladly comply with the Governor's request. Opening of the Narracoortr and Mount Gambibr Railway. —Kb Excellency the Governor (Sir William Robinson) will open the railway from Mount Gambier to iVarru coorte on Thursday, June 16. His Excellence accompanied by the Chief Secretary (Hon. D Murray) and the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. L. L. Furner), will probably leave Adelaide by a special train on Wednes day morning. Miss O'Gorman's Farewell Lecture.— | Miss Edith O'Gorman delivered her farewell lecture in the Y.M.C.A, Hall on Thursday j evening. The proceeds were announced to be in aid of public charities, but not more than 120 people were present. The Rev. J. McEwin presided. Miss O'Gorman epoke lengthily. There were many new features in her lecture. She dwelt on the subject of the penances which nuns in the convent where she spent six years of her life had to perform. Sue then spoke for some time with regard to the treat ment orphans who were entrusted to the care of the convent authorities had to undergo. She illustrated her leoture with many anecdotes. The lecture waB well re ceived. At the close of the lecture Mr. Hussey moved—" That the warmest thankB of this meeting be presented to Mrs. Auffray for her instructive lectures delivered in Ade laide and other places in this colony; that we express our sympathy with her in the attacks which have been made UDOn her character, which we are persuaded are utterly without foundation; and that we wish her godspeed in her future labour on behalf of all true liberty. We further express our conviction that all conventual and monastic institutions should be open to public inspection." Mr. Pudney seconded and the Rev. W. E. Rice supported. The motion was carried unani mously and enthusiastically. Mr. Bamber then, on behalf of the Orangemen of South Australia, presented Mtb. Auffray with an address of sympathy and acknowledgment of her seventeen years of work in the cause. It was signed by J. S. Bagshaw, G.M., J. W. Bamber, G.S. ,|P.G.M., H. J. jPndney, D.G. M.f and handsomely bound in red morocco, bear ing a suitable inscription. The text was beautifully engrossed, and was a very fine specimen of Mr. J. Gould's artistic penman ship. The committee who arrange for the distribution of the net proceeds are the Revs, j W. E. Rice and J. McEwin, Pastor Bamber, 1 and Messrs. W. B. Stephens, G.W. Cole, and C. W. Thornber (Hon. Sec.). S.A Ostrich Company, Limited.—The feneral meeting was held at the office of Ir. W. L. Ware, Adelaide, on Thursday, May 26. The Hon. D. Murray, M.L.C., presided, and there was a fair attendance. The reports from the farm at Port Augusta were of a moBt encouraging nature, a splen did season being assured. There were 415 birds of various ages in stock, atl healthy. The balance-Bheet to April 30 last showed that the assets of the Company were £16,454 148., and its liabilities £6,131 10s. 10a. Messrs. J. M. Anderson and J. F. Cudmore were re-elected Directors, and Messrs. G. F. Gardner and H. Stodart Auditors. Geological Map of South Australia.— We have received from the Geologist's Department a clearly defined and highly useful geological map of South Aus tralia, exclusive of the Northern ! Territory. It shows the various forma- 1 tions, care being taken to indicate the upper and lower arteBian water-bearing as well as the metal formations by colours, bo that the nature of the country in that respeot oan be Been at a glance. The map has been prepared by Mr. H. Y. L. Brown, F.G.S., Government Geologist, and is a revised edition on information to date of that pub lished in 1883. The scale is 40 miles to the inch. A glance at the interior as delineated on the map shows the great extent of the interior plainB, with their salt deposits and lakeB, sand and gravel driftB, and fossili ferous deposits. Chamber of Commerce.—At the meeting of the committee on Wednesday, May 25, there were present Messrs. A. W. Meeks (Chairman), W. Herbert Phillipps, John Formby, E. Smith, John Gordon, A. Kauff man, H. C. E. Muecke, and F. S. C. Drif field (Secretary). The Melbourne Chamber of Commerce wrote promising some in formation as to the basis of the Corn Trade Sectional Committee of that Asso ciation. The snbject of assignments was dis cussed at some length. The Secretary re ported that |he had written the Government for information respecting them, but as yet had received no reply. He was instructed to continue to urge the matter upon them until the object was attained. The following gentlemen were duly elected members of the ChamberMessrs. Harry Turner, Thomas, and Co., Scrymgonr & Sons, Thomas E. Pugh, and Arthur Waterhouse. A discussion took place upon the relative cost of forwarding wool from the back country of the Darling via Silverton line and via Echuca, and the Secretary was instructed to get all the in formation he could from Messrs. Drew & Co. The Promotion of South Australian Industries.—A committee meeting in con nection with this object was held on Thurs day, when the following were resentSir Samuel Davenport, Hons. W. A. E. West Erskice, M.L.C., and S. Tomkinson, M.L.C., Messrs. Basedow, M.P., Cohen, M.P., Homburg, M.P., Moule, M.P., and T. Soherk, M.P., Councillor Will cox, Messrs. T. Hardy and W. B. Wilkinson. The resolutions of which notice of motion was given at the laBt meet ing were discussed. Mr. Moule's proposition —" That it is not desirable to ask the Government for any monetary assistance for the purpose of forming abroad a Company or I Companies for the exportation of wine and fruits from South Australia" was lost by 7 against 3. The second, by Mr. Homburg, viz.—"That the Government should be asked to grant an ad valorem export bounty for a limited term upon all wines and fruits ex ported by any Company who subscribed capital shall amount to at least £50,000 I formed for the purpose of exporting wines or fruit" was carried by a majority of 7 against 3. The Queen's Accession.—Invitations have been issued by His Excellency the Governor to an official dinner on the anniversary of Her Majesty'a Accession, June 20. The Adelaide Directorate of the | National Bank.—The Committee of Inves tigation on the vetoing by the Melbourne Board of the election of the Hon. H. Scott, M.L.C., and Mr. W. Everard as Directors appointed by shareholders on the Adelaide register of the National Bank of Australasia presented their report to a meeting of share holders at the Exchange Arbitration-room on Thursday. Mr. W. Hooper presided over 1 a good attendance. The report indicated that the committee had been convinced by correspondence with the Melbourne Board that shareholders in Adelaide could do nothing to compel attention to their protest against the veto, as the Bank in Adelaide was only a branch business, and the election of Directors here was subject to the approval of the Board in Melbourne. No reasons were given by the Board to justify their action. The report was adopted amid expressions of sympathy Ytith Messrs. Soott and Everard for the treatment they had received. Next Week's Government Land Sales. —At the Government Land Office on Wed- | Deeday, June 1, Mr. Winton (the auctioneer) will offer the lease of educational land in the Hundred of Terowie. On Thursday; June 2, I a number of drainage leases in the Hundreds | ofgRiddocb, Mount Mnirhead, Mayurra, and Kennion will be submitted. 