Nevison the Highwaymen. We are indebted to the Newcastle Weekly I Chronicle for the account of this noted desperado, which appeared in a previous issue, and extract from the same source the fol- lowing article in conclusion : It seems strange, when we consider how many gentlemen of courage, and well- armed, were, up to the beginning of the present century, stopped by highwaymen, that so few of these scoundrels were paid off with load instead of gold. But it is a fact that, as a rule, they ended their unusually short lives, not by the pistol, but by the rope. Still there have been exceptional cases where the robber has met his match, and the following is one. A certain nobleman, whom I shall call call Lord A. (as I forget his real name), was wont to declare that no highwayman should ever rob him; and it would appear that this bit of bravado got to the ears of the robbing fraternity. For, as the story goes, one night, as his lordship was travelling in his Carriage, a highwayman rode up, and thrust his pistol through the window before Lord A. could seizs one of his own-albeit he had a brace close to his hand. Demanding his morey or his life, the rascal added, sneeringly, " I think, my lord, you've de- clared that no highwayman should ever rob you ?" " True," replied the nobleman, looking Bteadily through the window, "nor should I let you rob me now, were it not for that dark I figure behind you " Now, there was really no such thing as a dark figure, but the words staggered the villain, and he involuntarily turned and glanced behind him. It was but for a moment, but that moment was enough , Lord A raised his pistol, firtd, and shot his assailant dead To return, however, to Nevison. Continu- ing his evil courses, he was at last appre- hended, thrown into Leicester gaol, put in irons, and strictly guarded But the manage- ment ot a prison in those days wa« very different from what it is now, ind, in spite of all the precautions taken to prevent his escape, he did escape, and m the following ingenious manner William had certain trusty friends, and one day two or three of them were allowed to piy him a visit One ol these gentleman was (or professed to be) a doctor , and he, atter seeing William, gave out to the pnoon authorities that their cap tive had got the plague, and that, if he were not at unce removed to a lai"er roora, where he might enjoy fresh air, he would not only ptiish himself, but communicate the disease to all tilt1 inmates of the gaol This twight ened toe jailei's wife immensely Thanks to bei, William was removed to i laiger apart ment, into which she prohibUed her husband from evei entering The prisoner and his friends b id, therefore, a good oppoitunity of concocting their plans, aud carrying out a most remarkable scheme I'ha "doctor" came twice or thiice a day to s and aft^r a time declared the case hopeless At last a painter was brought in, who painted William's body all over with spits, similar to those produced by the real plague; and a few days later-having first given his friend a sleeping draught-'he "doctor" informed the jailer that poor William wos dead, There was a sort of inquest on the hotly, but the coroner's jury durst not approach it, m great w.is their tear ot infection. The verdict was that the prisoner had died of the plague. On this his friends at once demanded his body, and bad it carried out of the gaol in a coffin. You may be sure William did not remain long in tho coiiiu after thby got it out of sight of the prison walls. The coffin adventure only rendered Nevison more callous and daring in vice than ever Once more a highwayman, he renewed his depredation with increased vigour, inform- ing the corners and drovers who bad been in the habit of paying him blackmail before his incarceration, that he must now increase then " rents," in order to refund his expenses in gaol, and his loss of time It was at first sup poted that it was Nevison's ghost, who carin d on the same pranks that he had done durn g his lile time, but the goaler begin to doubt there being any truth in such an idea, and finally oftefed £20 reward to Any one who should restore him his late prisoner Resolved to visit the capital, Nevison set out on a journey thither. On the road he met a company of canting beggars, pilgrims, and othei idle vagibonds, and for some time he continued in their company The life they led stuck him as being such a merry one that, at last he suggest«i their receiving him as u mein bei it tutu "honourable fra teranty, on which th ir It a 1er, after ap- plauding his resolution, addressed him as follows -"Do not we come into the world irrar t beggais, with >ut a rag upon us 9 And do not we all go aut ot tue world HKe Dog gars, saving a hheet over UM ? Sb ill we then be ashamed to walk up and dowu the world, like boügare, with old blankets pinned ab mt us ? ¿N"o, no, that would be a eh une to us, indeed. flavo we not the whole kingdom to walk iu tit <>ur pleasure ? Are we afraid at the appioaeh of quarter day? D > we walk in fear of wheriff-*, bailiffs, und catchpoleB? Who evei knww au arrant beg.; ir arrtsted for debt ? Is not our meat dressed in every man's kitchen ? Dots not eiery mau's cellar nfford us beer, and the be^t men's purses keep a penny tor u« to spend ? ' Hiving by these words, as he thought fully decided William to bec»m> a begt;f, he com- municated to his company thoir new friend's intention, at which thuie was general joy. The firjt question put to Nevison v,as whether ho had any loure m his bung; but ho, not being well up in their slang, could not make out whan they meant, until they kindly 'n lormed him they meant money in his puree lie 'old thtm he had but eighteen ponce, which he would bestow on them willingly The bum was then voted to be spent in a boozo to celebrate his initiation. He was then ordered to kneel down, and while on his / knees was baptized with a gage of booze (i.e., ;a quart of drink), which was poured over ^¡8 bead by one of the chiefs. "Ido, by vií.1 e of this sovereign liquor, install thee in the linage," said the chief, " and make thee a free denizen of our ragged regiment. Henceforth, it shall be lawful for thee to cant, only observing these rules :-First, that thou art not to wander up and down all countries, but to keep to that quarter that is allotted thee ; and, secondly, thou art to give way to any of us that have borne all the offices of the wallet before; and, upon hold- ing up a finger, to avoid any town or country village, where thou seesfc we are foraging for victuals for our army that marches along with us. Observing these two rules, we take thee under our protection, and constitute tbee a brother of our numerous society." The leader having ended his oration, Nevi- son rose up, and was congratulated by the company, who, in the words of the historian, t hung about him like so many dogs about a bear, making such a hideous noise that their chief was obliged to command silence -while he addressed William again, as follows : " Now that thou art entered into our fra- ternity, thou muBt not scruple to act any villainies, whether it be to cut a purse, steal a cloak-bag or portmanteau, convey all manner of things, whether they be chickens, sucking pigs, ducks, geese, or hens ; or to steal a shirt from the hedge ; for he that will be a guier cove {i.e., a profeBsed rogue) must observe these rules"-quite unnecessary advice to have given William, one would think, had he but told them who he was. " And because thou art but a novice in begging," continued the thief, "and undirstandest not the mysteries of the canting language, thou ehalt have a wife to be thy companion, from whom thoa mayest receive instruction." Thereupon the chief singled out, as a bride for Nevison, a girl of about seventeen years of age. The idea tickled William immensely, and the two were married by the patrico, or gipsy priest, after the following simple manner. They took a hen, and, having cut off its head, laid the dead body on the ground, Nevison being placed on one side of it and his bride on the other. This done, the patrico, standing by, with a loud voice, bade them live together till death did them part. Then the happy pair shook hands, kissed one another, and then the solemn ceremony being over, every one gave way to joy. Night approaching, and all the money spent, the crowd of vagabonds made tor a barn not tar ort, where, after broaching a barrel of beer, they went to sleep. Let the reader now compare this incident of Nevison among the canting beggars with that recorded by Harridon Ainsworth of his hero Dick Turpin in " Rookwood" (book iii. chap. 5), which resembles it so closely, that we are bound to cousider the author's idea to bave been taken from Nevison's life. We left Nevison in the barn. When all the other rogues were asleep, he quietly slip- ped out, toole a horse, and posted directly away. But, coming to London he found there was too much noise about him to permit of his tarrying there ; so he returned into the country, and fell to his old pranks again. But his crimes soon became so notorious that, at last a reward was offered to any who would apprehend him. This induced many men to waylay him, especially two brother«, named Fletcher, one ot whom our Highwayman shot dead, ilo was ultimately taken by a Captain Hardc.i&tle; for a paltry public-house robbery at Milford, near York, aDd sent to Yor£._ jail, where, on the l5Ui March, lQSi, he was tried, convictnd, aud finally executed on a gallows near Michlgato bar, aged forty-five. In a Boort account of this remarkable high- way man, given in the Weekly Chronicle of March 7th, 18S5, the following passage occurs:- " The main point of interest about the man (William Ncvison) now-a-dnys ia that he was in reality the person who per- formed the fa at traditionally attributed to Dick Turpin; that namely of riding from London to York in one day. The date cannot be precisely fixed ; but it was probably in the sommer of 1G75. Ile had committed a rob- bery in London, jue!; before dawn, and waa recognised. Ho made for the North at once. By suusot-say fifteen hours later-he entered York, having riddou the one mare two hundred measured miles. There he was cap- tured and brought to trial, when it was proved that be had bean seen on the bowling green at York on the evening of the sam*) day that the robbery had been committed in London; and both juige and jury accepted this as a sufficient alibi, with the result that he was acquitted." It would, I need hardly say, be extremely interesting to have the whole of the author's data for his assertion regarding this extraordinary ride. Possibly Borne of your readers raiiy be ablo to furnish it. In the "Lives of iho Highwaymen," no mention ia made of Nevison's having performed the feat, although it h therein htited that Turpin could not hiive OOUH eo. Tuipin was tried but once, and then h.tuged. 