A ghost's garment is a shroud of mystery. - Strange as it may seem, when money is close it is difficult to get very near it.'. Fish is good brain food, but it does seem a pity, in some cases, to waste so much fish. "Johnny, have you a paternal governmenti at your house ?". Johnny-" We have so. I've .seen papa turn all the children over his .:. knee." On the rolling deep. First Passenger "Well, old boy, what's up this afternoon ?"' Second Passenger-"-' All but the soup." Stranger (entering a photograph gallery in haste)-" I say, do you take negatives here ?" Photographer-" Yes ;. do. you want to sit?" Stranger-" No." ' ? : A barrister, noticing that the court had: gone to sleep, stopped short in the middle of his speech. The sudden silence awoke the. judges, and the lawyer gravely resumed-" As I remarked yesterday, my lords--" The puzzled judges stared, as though they half believed they had been asleep since the pre vious day. Conversation overheard one afternoon be tween two servants-" Of course, because I wanted to get out, dinner was late; it was'a quarter-past three before master had finished carving for the nursery; so I took the thret~ children, stood them up in a row, ahd washedi their faces altogether, or I could not have. got out." ? Mrs. Parson Spire-" My dear, why don't you preach a sermon on woman's extrava gance ?" Parsoir Spire-" What are they doing now ?" ",'Why, the paper says the new fashionable buttons cost two pounds a dozen." "They do ?" "Yes, and 1 know -it's ab-. solutely wicked." - No, no ; it's all right. I only wish the buttons I find in the contribu tion plate now were worth as much;". "I never shot a bird in my life," said some one to his friend, who replied, "For my part, I never shot anything in the shape of a bird, except a 'possum, which' I killed with a stone,, when it fell into the river and was drowned." The editor of a paper, in describing the effects of a squall' upon a "vessel, says that " when the gale was at its highest,'the un fortunate craft reeled to the Jarboard, and . the captain and another barrel of whisky . rolled overboard." "I can't go to sleep at all at nights," said Mr. D. "How tiresome it' must be to lie awake. What do you do to pass the time ?" asked Mr. M. " Oh I I take a book, and read,' replied Mr. D. " Ah," said 'Mrs. M., " that is very bad, for you will injure your eyes if you read much when you ate asleep ." At' the dentist's. "Monsieur, you have made me'a set offalse 'teth." "' l know it," replies the dentist. ." You promised m. that they would be exactly like natural ones." " Certainly." " Well, your false teeth make me suffer terribly." " And consequently they, imitate nature all the more." If there is anywhere in life a silver-fringed, 18-carat, full- jewelled moment, it is the dia mond-bespangled instant when the :young. husband first discovers that his wife knows how to cook. A young man whose girl has red hair, sang, as he bade her good-night 'a few evenings.'-. since-" Farewell, my love, light of my life, farewell l" And 'he can't imagine what makes her so coolnow. Excited manager-" Here's 'Twelfh]NMight' announced and my leading lady ill I Who can I get to play 'Viola ?" Leader of or chestra-" I play double bass, violin, viola anything." Young' Mr. de Lyle (in the conservatory) -"May I present you with a bud, Miss Societie, from this beautiful plant'! " Missa Societie (blushing)-" Oh, thank you, Mr. ce Lyle. You are very-" Fairy of the House hold (tripping in)-" I know papa wouldn't like you to pick any of the flowers, Mr. de Lyle, they are only hired for this evening." " Yes, Bobby," said the minister who was dining with the family, " everything in this world has its use, although we may not know what it is. Now, there is the fly, for in stance. You wouldn't think that flies were good for anything, yet-" " Oh, yes, I would," interrupted Bobby. "I know what flies are good for." "What, Bobby?" "Pa says that they are the only thing what keeps him awake when you are preaching." Teacher--" What number is quarrel ". Pupil-" Plural." Teacher- -" Why 7" Papil -" Because it makes two to male one." 