CONSECRATION OF A ROMAN .CATHOLIC BISHOP. Tuo consecration of iho Very llov. Dr. Cor- helt, who is to bo the first bishop of tho now seo of Gippslaud, took placo at St. Mary's Church, St. Kilfla, yosterday. Archbishop Oarr was tho consccratory prolate, and ho was supported by Dr. Reynolds, Archbishop of Ade laide; Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Tasmania; Dr. Murray, Dishop of Maitland (N.S.W.); Dr. Moore, Bishop , of Ballarat ; and Dr. ltevillo, Coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst. Dean Beechi- nor, of Lauuceston ; Prior Vaughan, Superior of the Kedemptorist order of New South Wales Very Rev. Donaghy, Prior Butler, Very Rev. C. Nulty, S.J., and n number of other clergy wore also present on the occasion. Tho bishops nnd clergy pre ceded by acolytes bearing lighted candles entered tho church iu procession, and pro ceeded to tho sanctuary. Tho ceremony was commenced by Archbishop Carr culling upon tho Very Rev. J. llegarty to read tho mandate of his Holiness tho Pope, during which the bishop-olect sat facing tho altar. Ho was then called upou to muko his declaration of faith aud loyalty to tho church, after which tho lmiss wns begun. Ac the introit Dr. Corhottwns conducted to tho high altar, whero ho pros trated himself, being blindfolded and the Gospels placed on his shoulders by tho Very Rev. Dean Donaghy, who acted as master of ceremonies throughout. Tho Archbishop then camo forward and pot-formed tho consecration, anointing tho bishop elect with holy oil on the forehead, and afterwards embracing him, as did tiio other bishops. Tho ceremony was completed by tho Archbishop plaoiug tho ring upon tho bishop elect's iioger and tho mitre upon his lioad. Tho crozicr was then placed in his hand, and bo was conducted to a seat in front of tbo high altar. Tho sermon was proachad by tho Rov. J. O'Farrell, 0.&S.R.;, ono of tho Redcmptorlst Fathers from Waratah, New South Wales. Ho took for his text tho words from the GoBpel of 6c. Matthew, "And Josus advancing said unto them, Ail power is given to mo in heaven nnd on earth ; go ye, therefore, teach all cations. uapti8ing tnein in tne name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, instructing them to observo all that I havo commanded you ; and behold I am with you all days, oven to tho consummation of the world." Tho ror. gentleman, after dwelling on tho importance of tho ceremony just completed, eaid that by re ceiving tho episcopal ring the new bishop was reminded that he was now boand by great obligations, as he was now more closely united witli_ God, who bad bestowed a mark of dis tinction upon htm. By tho crozier, his pastoral staff, he was invested with episcopal authority, and reminded that lie must bo a just and zealous guardian of the flock entrusted to his care. The mitre placed upon his anointed head reminded him tbat he must fight the battles of Christ and load bis flock on to victory. He congratulated his bearers on being present at so important a ceremony, and sympathised with tho new Bishop's late parishioners on the loss of their late zealous pastor, who had led them and endeared himself to them for 25 years. The musical performances were "under tho direotion of Miss Wilkinson, who presided at the organ. Haydn's Imperial Moss waa suug, the principals being Miss Kate Maher, Miss Frcdcrica Mitcholl, Mr. Major and Mr. Thompson. At tbe offertory tho hymn Veni Sancte Spiritu was suug.by,.Ml> Thompson ; ZengareUUa Laudato waa sungiBy. Mr. Mayor, assisted by-, the full 'chorus on the entrance of the procL'»sH)a. 'After the oonsocration the To Deusi (Lsmbsllotte's), which'-Was brought from ESrope by Miss Willdnsou, was sung by tho fullchoir ; and the Hallelujah Chorea from the Messiah was rendered by the full choir at the conclusion of the service. 