DOROTHY'S SECRET. ISy the Author of ' Patibscb Brook b,' 'A Doubtful Fortune,' &c; ' Sometimes,' I rejoined ; ' that is n poivor I reserve to mysel',' Mrs Williams ;' and I tried to sliow my dignity as mistress of the manor. ' Oh, indeed !' exclaimed Mrs. Williams, giving a vigorous sniff. ' Then I hope mn'ttin, you won't be prejudiced against them.' ' It is not likely I sliall bo.' I said coldly ; 1 1 always judge for myself, and hnve not often brou deceived.' Mrs. Williams grew very red iu tho face, and evidently was greatly put out by my as sumption of author-it' ; but I Rave her no opportunity of reply, for I walked at once out of the room. Oti my return to Douglas and Miss Wynn, the latter snid — ' And now. Miss Ash ton, may I show you my own apartments ?' ' Whore aro they V I asked, surprised. ' I thought we had been all over this great rambling house.' ' They are iu tho eastern side, but built off from the grcator part of it. If you will follow mo I will conduct you there.' S!m turned tho handle of n door on the cast side of the hall and admitted us to a rather long passage1 At the end of it wns a long winding stone staircase. We mounted it and. entered a small ante-room, peculiar to dwellings built long before bells were used in houses, and in which servants then waited. It was wainscoted with black onk, and con tained only an old spinning-wheel, a singular spider-legged table, and some chairs worked in cruvrcl. From this room wo passed into an octagon chamber. Hero the black onk panelling was picked out with ivory mould ings, and small nndcxquinite cabinet pictures shed a glow of colour into tho room. It was richly carpeted, tho curtains and chairs wero of embroidered damask, evidently needlowork of ancient dnte, and there wore several old cabinets and tables with costly china on them a well filled low bookcase running all round the room, nud iu the window a handsome modern dnvonport. Thoru was a perfume of lavender and potpourri, and altogeth r tho apartment had a most iuviling and horne like look, with the sun still shinging into it through the open lattice. 'These paintings aro exquisite,' said Douglas, lingering by the walls. ' I fear I have robbed you of them,' ob served Dorothy, alluding to her having in herited tho furniture. ' I am rnjoiced that you have them,' he returned ; ' they light up your dwelling place' ' It was shameful of Mrs. Lloyd to doom you to a porpotunl prison, however grandly sho mny have decked your cage,' I snid, suddenly. ' Mrs. Lloyd was only too good,' Dorothy said, moekly blushing deeply. ' She provided hid with a homo ; I can leave it when I ploase — and probably I shall leave it some day.' Then sho oponed'n door. Wo followed her down a fowstopsinto nlnrgoand \vp)l-furiiished bod-room. 'This was Mrs. Lloyd's chamber,' sho spid, iu alow, rovcront touo ; ' it is kept, just ns sho loft it.' And indeed I perceived a bonk of devotion lying open on a small table beside tho lied. ' Ami this,' said Dorothy, opening another door, ' is my hod- room.' It was a mere coll, raihor dark from tho window being deep in tho wall, which at least I wolvo or sixteen feet thick. There were in tho room only a pallot-bod, a bath, wash stand, table, clinir, and prie-Dien, l-nt nbovo the . boil wns suspension n\\\ ivory crucifix of ?r roa I beauty. On tlio table stood an hour' glass i bosido it lay an oj on hook. 1 1 was a nun's coll, I thought, hut I said nothing. I walked to the window and examined tlio wall. ' How thick the wall must bo !' I exclaimed. 'This is quite n little, chnmhor inside your room. Ah, nnd I see it is panelled with lonUing-glass nnd yon havo your dressinR tal|lu hero I I was wondering how yon could see-to dress in that dark room.' ' It was so panelled,' hIiq said, smiling, ' by some former inhabitant. Tho walls ara vary thick, ns ynu say but lot mo show you tlia rest of my territory.' We loft, iho ombvnsuvo of tho window nnd voturnnd to tho bod-room, whoro Douglas had lingarod. Dorothy oponod another door nnd led us down to an apartment fitted up ns a kitolion, with stov», ou'innry implements, ami other things, 'Horn,' sho said, 'Mrs Lloyd u-od to l-i'i'j-aro food i'or tho poor, and hero' — oponiug another door — ' is her still-room, where she distillo'l sweet waters and cuncocted' medi cines f- r the sick.' ' Had they no proper doctor V I nsked. ' Yes, but many preferred Mrs. Llnyd to any doctor. She had a gift of. healing.' I was silent. Did Dorothy believe her benefactress to be a Faint '{ ? . ' What courage you must have,' I snid, after a pause, ' to live here alone in rooms you told mo were haunted !' ' No, I did not say that — only that others have said it. I have never seen a ghnst,' she rejoined. ' By-lhe-hy,' I said, ' that reminds me. Do you know Mr. Tressilian ?' 'Prank? ofcoursoi MissAshton; we are first cousins' — with a smile. 'I heard him say I wns like a ghost,' I exclaimed, abruptly. ' Can you think what he meant V She looked at me earnestly and then, I thought, dimmed colour slightly. ' Yes' — with hesitation— 'I think 'Itlo k'iibw what hu meant. Ho once fancied lie saw a ghost iu this Imusu; he has oficn told mo of it. Hesaid.it was like the picture of the Blue Lady in the dining room ; and certainly you nre like that portrait.' 'That is strange, for Mrs Lloyd was not a liloml relative of ours.' 'Still, yon are like that pipit ro.' 'And did he really see a ghost V I asked, eagerly. ' Oh, no ! It was a fancy a dream. He was quite a boy then, and came to stay here j :and he went to bod full of tlio ghost-story and after having looked at the picture.' ' Is it an amusing ghost-story ?' I asked. , She looked very grave and, I thought, turned a --liadc | aler. ; ' Dear Miss Ashton,' she answered, ' I once igave Mrs. Lloyd a solemn promise never to speak of it. You see therefore- I cannot tell it to you.' It seemed altogether very strange to me, but Douglas did not app -or cither surprised or disqueitcd. ' You will let us come and see yoa in your solitude sometimes, I hope,' he suid, ? and visit ns whenever you please.' * I shall be delighted to have your com panionship,' she answered, simply. And then, after we had looked at the portraits and books in her silting room, she ushered ns hack to the other part of the house. ' You will dine with us to day ?' I snid, as she wished us good-bye. ; Thanks, no,' she answered ; ' I have to engage a servant, who, you see, can very 'veil live up in my rooms by day ; by night sho can return to the village — or perhaps, by-and-by, you may spare her a sleeping chamber ?' — this rather appealingly. ' Of course. But cannot our servants wait on you. ' I think not, thank y'ou — I should prefer living quite apart. I shall bo suro then not to prove an incumbrancc.' I blushed as sho uttered the word— it seemed as if she had divined my former aver sion to her living at the Plas ; but I assured her that we should always be glad to see her, »nd we parted. Douglas went to speak to his steward who was waiting to see him, and I went up-stairs to see if Nancy had upacked, and to arrange my room as I wished it to be. I found a splendid bouquet on my table, which Nancy told me ' that tidy, civil-spoken Winnie Jones had just put there.' 1 was pleased with tho attention, and mentally won dered if Mrs. Williams had alluded to Dorothy's bad opinion of (ho housemaid, when sho had said that she hoped 1 should not be ' deceived and prejudiced against the under servants.' In tlip self-confidence of my girlhood I determined that I would fudge for myself, and take no other person'.1* advice about pretty Winnio Jones. Alas, I little dreamed how much that re solve would cost mo, or how that girl would hero after influence my life. (to hu continuud.) 