I ' HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. I Her Majesty's Theatre will be opened this evening, and the drama selected for the first night's performance is Shakespeare's "Henry V." The curtain will rise at half-past 7 o'clock, when the opening ceremony will take place. His Excellenoy the Governor will be present, and upon his arrival the band will play tho National Anthem, ana a new act drop will be exhibited with a view of Windsor Castle. After this an overture to Henry V. will be played. The theatre, which has been richly decorated and" elegantly upholstered, will be lighted throughout with electricity, lho management think " Henry V.," as the favourite work of its gifted author, is a suitable play to inaugurate the opening soason of this magnificent theatre. The cast of characters is strong, and a large and efficient chorus is promised. _ The Ivanhoe Amateur Minstrels gave a drawing-room entertainment at the Five Dock Town Hall, on-Wednesday evening last, to a well-filled room, the proceeds to be de- voted to the church funds. The corner players were very amusing, and the singing generally good, and in tune. The second part of the entertainment consisted of selections, and the whole concluded with a farce known as " Can you Fight?" The manager and stage manager - Messrs. Edmondson and Brown - can be complimented on the suc- cess of their company. A vocal and instrumental concert in aid of the funds of the Waverley Cricket Club was given in the Athenoum Hall, Waverley, on Thursday evening. 'Ihe hall was well filled. Mr. H. B. Brewer opened the programme by singing " Sweethearts," which was sung admirably. Mrs. \V. T. Ball gave two songs, "The Old, Old Words" and " The Old Liovo and the New," both of which wore encored. Mr. Win. Herbert gave "Anohored" and "Trusty as Steel" with capital effect. Miss Dottie Schneider played beautifully a violin solo " Airs Bohé- miens" (Leonard), winning vociferous applause. This young lady is but 11 years of age, and deserves the highest praise for her rendering. Mr. J. M. Callaghan gave " Thou art so near and yet so far" and " Smile aud bid me live," both capitally sung. Miss Payne sang " Who can say " and " Within the Veil," two very pretty ballads, which wore encored. Mrs. Alfred Allon contributed a pianoforte solo, "Scots Wha' Hae," excellently played. Mr. D. J. Fletoher rendered a cornet solo, " Killarney." Recitations were given auring the evening by Messrs. W. J. Allen. R. Ashley, and J. B. Stewart. Mr. Chas. Huenerboin acted as accompanist, and as-usual performed the task most satisfactorily. During the interval Mr. Alfred Allen, M.L.A., vice-president of the club, delivered a short address, dilating upon the success of the cricket club and the many great advantages of tho game of cricket, which was now regarded as the premier out-door sport of the English-speaking race. " The Merchant of Venice" was played before a fairly large house at the Royal Standard Theatre last night. Mr. Dampier as Shylock, and Miss Lily Dampier ob Portia, took the leading parts; and the performance was a thoroughly enjoyable one. The cast is representative. To-night the "Pirates of the Savannah," a sensational drama in four acts, is to bo placed upon the boards. j Hör Majesty's Theatre will be opened tins evening m the presence of Lord and Lady Carrington. Shakespeare's play, " Henry V.," has boen selected for the occasion, and will be presented by a powerful company, with Mr. George Rignold in the prinoipal character. " Human Nature" continues to attract at the Theatre Royal, and the housos have been so large during the woek that there is no likelihood of a ohango of programme for some timo to como. At the Academy of Music this evening St. Vincent's Speo*Toscope, or Professor J. H. Pepper's Ghost, will make its first appearance. . " Romeo and Juliet " is still before the public at the Criterion Theatre, apd is certainly being represented with much splendour. Miss Essie Jenyns's porsonation of Juliet is very fine, and the other characters, especially that of Mercurio,' are well filled. The minstrel shows at the. Alhambra Musio Hall have proved very popular. In addition to tho usual perfor- mers, Herr School, the artist of the drum,'is now ap- pearing in connection with the entertainment A good programme will be produced this evening. Under the auspiees of the Sydney City Mission, Chip- pendale district, a successful concert was hold in the Mis- sion Hall, Queen-street, on Wednesday night, 7th instant, Mr. W. A. Hutchinson presiding. The boll was densely crowded. The chairman expressed his gratification upon seeing the work being done by the eooioty amongst the masses of the people, and hoped ero long that the mission would have similar halls in other thiokly-housed portions of the city. A variety programmo of an oxcellent character was provided, every item of which the audience heartily appreciated. Our Brisbane correspondent telegraphs that George Leitch's company are still playing " Harbour Lights" at the Theatre Royal with success 1'he Governor and suite were present at Thursday night's performance. Grattan Riggs, at the Gaiety, has been doing good business with tho "Octoroon." The St. Maur company open on Monday after a lengthened northern tour. Profcesor Anderson, the Wizard of the North, will give a performance at Parramatta to-night. The revenue of the Argentine Bepublio in 1886 amounted to 421 million dollars, against a little under 30} million dollars in 1885. At the beginning of Juno the Budget for 1888 was introduced, in which the revenue is estimated at 49,123,000dols., against 43,376,000dols. in 1887 ; a very large increase- The expenditure for 1888 1« estimated at 4G,4S4,655dalB., against an estimated expendí tars of 47,017,632dols. for 1887. 