SPORTING NOTES. I learn from the Seoretary of the newly* formed Mlllloent Raolng Olub, Mr. A, Oaiselfl, that the prospects of the olub are BO far of a roseate hue.. Good support has already been promised, and It in anticipated the olub will shortly number 100 Btroiap, A. good deal of expense has ln on gone to in preparing tbe comae, It is oval-shaped, and nas n good straight run home. Guide posts Will bo erected, the track smoothed off, and, In fact, no expense will be apared to give eclat to tho opening mooting, which baa been fixod for tbe 9th Marob, May I bo there to gee. I notice that Master Peroy Rowan, who li a pupil nt St, Savier's Colloge, Kew, and ROD of Mr. J. Rowan, of tbia town, won tbe Hood Master's silver cup for a race over hurdles on tho Melbourne cricket ground j also the first prlao, a silvor medal, for beat In rnusio at tho same academy, Considering that Peroy had only been somo six months at the school these aro high honors Indeed, It is something for the Auokland Racing Club to boast of that it subscribes more money to its Derby than any other olub in Australasia. The added money amounts to 750 aovs., or 100 sovs. more than is given by fclie V.R.O. When the Duo d'Aumale WAB expelled from France, he presented Ills magnificent domain of Chantilly to the Frenoh nation. A a the expatriated nobleman was not a raoing man, it was thought that there would bo no stipulation for the continuation of raoing after the lease of the Frenoh Jockey Club had expired, but in giving the estate to the Institute of France, lie did ao on oondition that the raoeoourae waa never to be built over, Ormonde, the Duke of Westminster's phenomenal colt, brought his three-year>old career to a olose by walking ovor for the £1,000 forfeited by the owners of Melton and m ?ar<i afc ^ie Newmarket meeting. It Will be remembered that the Duke, Lord Hastings, and Mr. Boberfe Peck entered into a aweepatakeB of 1,000 aovs. eaoli, 500 ft,, for the the three horses to run a mile and a quarter, Ormonde to carry 8at, 101b., Melton 8at, 101b,, and the Bard 8st,, but the owners of the last-named two evidently considered diBoretion the better part of valour, and paid the BOO aovs, Ormonde therefore wound up hia three-yoar-old career without a oonteat for the jinale, The £1000 won upon this occasion brought the total of hia wiuniuga up to £'24,698, He oommenced his career by winning a post sweepstakes for two year olds _ at the Newmarket second Ootober meeting in 1S85, the net value of the stako being £600, This he followed up with a viotory in the Criterion Stakes, value £906, run at tho Newmarket Houghton moating. Then he won the Dewhurat Plato, value £1,602, He opened hia three- year-old career by winning the Two Thousand Guineas, value 4,000 guineas j then tho Derby of £5,700 was won in a canter by a length and a half from the Bard, St. Mirin being third 20 lengths off. He also won tho St. James's Palace Stakes of £1,500, Hard wioke Stakes of £2,438, Doncaster St, Leger of £4,476, Great Foal Stakes of £1,140, walked over for Nowmarket St. Leger of .£475, won Champion Stakes of £1,212 10a., Free Handicap of £(>50, and walked over for the aweepsstalcea already referee] to, Except in. th0 ^vo Thousand Guineas and Hard wioke Stakes, when he was ridden by G, Barrett, he has always been piloted by Fred Archer, and has nevor suffered defeat, He haa several valuable engagements for next year, inoluding the Rous Memorial and Hardwioke Stakes at Asoot. This is how they stop a horse in Franco, The extract is from the Paria correspondent of the London Sportsman : -- " Some miscreant placed a stout wire across the exeroise ground of Mills, at St. Leonard, the other morning, Fortunately the trainer went aa usual round hia private course before starting tho horses to gallop, and tho wire was discovered, A complaint haa been made, but aa usual the inquiry whioli has been formally opened by the police will end by requesting George Mills to let them know at onoe should he ever again make a similar discovery," No ooourrenoe, says the World, ever oreated auoh a sensation in the sporting world as the auioide of Frederick Aroher whose renown as a jockey ia not confined to the United Kingdom. Aroher's spare frame and delicate constitution no doubt reoeived a severe Bhook when he reduoed his weinlit from something like 9at. to 8st. 71b,, in a few days, to ride St. Mirin in the Cambridge m whioh he waa defeated by a head by Sailor Prinoe, Aroher made no seorefc of the faot that he would have won £7,000 if St, Mirin had been suooeaaful, It was the only handicap and big race of any oonse. quence he had nevor won ; and hia disap. pointed ambition, coupled with his reported heavy loaaea for aome weeks past, no doubt preyed upon his mind at the height of hia illness, and may acoount for the aot whioh terminated hia moat remarkable turf oareor Aroher is reported to have aoonmulated a fortune little abort of £1(50,000, whioh accrues to hia only child by hia deoeased young wife, a little girl between two and three years of age. At the time of hia death he was at the head of tho list of winning jockeys for the present aeaaon, with a score or 170, and he haa held the same position for something like a dogen yeara, Still another noble sportsman is said to bo meditating & visit to Australia, Lord Hastings, the owner of Melton, has for some time been in delicate health, and, with Lady Hastings, he proposes to visit Lord Oarring. ton In Sydney, Americans are going in for another big stake, and if it beoomea an accomplished eafcimated that it will be worth 75,000 dollars, or £15,000, half as muoh again as the Great EolipBe Stakes, Last year the Futurity Stakes, established on a liberal aoale, attracted 752 entries, and this Btake, it is belioved, will oommand 1,000, It is proposed that the race shall be & sweep* stakes for two year olds, foals of 1887, bv aubacription of 2fi dollars flaoh, ftn(i starters to pay {550 dollara additional, The Coney Island Jockey Club will add 10,000 aoijaro. 4. he seoona horse to reooive 2 000 dollara and two»thirda of tho starting inonev i distance, six furlongs. Various allowances and Penalties are proposed. Compared with this big boom Australia is like tha man who fell out of the balloon-not in it, A twenty.hours' swim came off reoently at the London Aquarium, two days of tea hours each. The entrauts Were Beokwith, Uoiiier, and Haggarty, Not muoh interost was taken in the affair, which waa won easily by Beokwith, who completed in tho time 84 miles 20 laps, Collier 22 milea 89 laps, Haggarty 19 miles. The winner took tho load very early in the race, and after, wards hold it throughout. No leas than 808 entries havo been re> ceived for tho Eolipse Stakes, of 10,000 sovereigns, to be run at the Saudown-parli aeoond Summer meeting of 1889. fch® American horae who won the &ngliah; Derby and St. Leger, seems to have an antipathy to niggers. After he was sold to Uaneral Jaakaon, he waa taken to Nash ville, where he waa met by the General's ooloured groom, but direotly ho went near the horae, he went for tho man of oolour, Jfho was oompelled to leavo him in the roifrf i«-°« i?0!81'",11 8room- AH along the J 1 ? kol)t hia weather eye on f A801"' wh? kept ,a ^Pwtful distance If « Pi' R waa almost broken-hearted at the eonduot of tha new arrival, tAM Woe,8tllnB haB been arranged bo» H \°r 1 ancl Oannot4 {or £60 aside and the championship. Tho contest Is to take placo on January 22. The Elaternwick.pavk races, whioh were postponed from the previous week on ao count of tha heavy rain that fall no,,) off on Friday. Fourteen was the mala In the opening event, tlie Hurdlerace, whlah fell to Mi. S. Mlller'fl Walhalla \ Macron and Hawbledon were seoond and third. Tho Dooembei Handicap fell to Oeatua, Rougo'ot Noir and Marouey filling the pieces, The Steeplechase was represented by a quartette only, and, contrary to expectation, Union Jack defeated the llallarat representa tive, Monaroh, with Corilgan up, Reticent bciug third and Gllderoy last. Derision got home In iront of a moderate lot In the Selling Race, end Hogmanay, Fifth o' Silver, and Impulse wore the loading throe in the Park Handicap, At the Caaterton Boxing Day TaoeB Primate won tho Hurdieraoo, and Koho (Mr, P, Laurie's) the Handicap, In tho former Nnnoy was second and Hamlet's Play (who broke a blood*vesaol) third. Mara was second In tho Handicap, beaten a hoad, and Uallurat third, Mara won the Maiden Plate, Mi, Cawker had several hovaoB run. nlng at the meetiug, but he was successful only once with Perch in the Farmers' Race, Mr, H. 0. Davis, of Oasterton, was the winner of the WlhoUelRea Handloap, value £8 ; also of the High Jump (£10, besides a pleco of plate), which carries with H tlin championship of the colony, Jn the jump he cleared Git, lOln, The Williamstown Racing Olub have ac cepted a tender to build a grand utand at A cost of £6,000. South Australian-bred horseB played a conspicuous part at Caulfleld on Boxinn Day. Perhaps, Damocles, and Ruby hail from this oolony, tho two former claiming Ganp Forward as their aire. In addition to this The Levite got aooond to Kohai in tho Rummer Cup, and Hortenae (another Gang Forward) third in tho Juvenile Stakes. At the summer meeting of the A,J.O, at Randwick, on Boxing Day, there were 16,000 porsons present. The two prinolpal events were won-the Deoeraber Stakes, for two-year-olds, by the Hon, Ji White's Aberoorn, and tne Summer Cup by Dago bert, hitherto a very moderate performer, Hexham was favourite, but he failed to obtain a place. Both raees were worth over £600 each. Kohai, winner of the Summer Cup at Caulfleld, is Tanmanian bred. Ho is by Manuka from Idalia. He had given his " party" sovoral grod " trials," but several times, when wollbaokod, disappointed them sadly, He was subsequently sold in disgust as boing a " our j" in different hands, how ever-not an unusual thing-ho seems to have benefited by a ohange of treatment. Owing doubtless to the unfavorable weather the attendance at the V.A.T.O. meeting was small. The programme opened with the Selling Race, which rather unex peotedly fell to Hot Iron, whose subsequent sale resulted in a profit to the olub of £110, P.F, was seoond and Mistake third. Good wood appropriated the Hurdlerace from Marron, Whalebone, and seven others, Kohai won tho Summer Cup, after a flno finish with Mr, 0. L, MaoDonald'a South Australian-bred oolt The Levite, Perhaps auuicu n aigM»i viutury uvor iter upyuuuiivo lu the Juvenile Stakes; EBoutoheon was seoond, and Hortenae third, The latter was con ceding a qouple of atone to the winner. The Steepleohase was a ohaptor' of acoidents throughout, and resulted in the auoocsaof the South Australian mare Ruby, who beat Curiosity easily, Moonlight getting third, Corrigan, the rider of Promotion, received a heavy fall through his horse coming down with him at the log wall, Aa the popular oross country rider did not movo after the | occurrence, it waa feared that he was seri ously injured. Ho was only stunned by the fall. The meeting was concluded with the Malvern Handioap, whioh resulted in favour of Damoolea by a head from The Ghost, next to whom came Honora, The Londou papers received by the last mail contain reports of the conclusion of a very remarkable billiard match, The Euro. pean Mail writes i-"At the Royal Aquarium on November 6, the matoh of 16,000 up, ' all in,' between W, J, Peall and 0\. Collins, the latter receiving 5,000 points' start, was resumed, the Boore standing Collins, 10,174; Peall (in play) 10,044 When the adjournment took place the previous day Peall had mado a magnificent unfinished break of 2,002, thus beating his own previous reoorda of 1,980 and 1,922, The Pall Mull Qazotte gives the following additional details j-" The extraordinary scene whioh took place at the Royal Aquarium on Friday on the conclusion of Mr, W. Peall'a mammoth break of 2,413 haa not often boon witno&sed; in a billiard room, 'Soon aftor starting to play on the f rovious afternoon ho made 709, whtah, con inuing in the evening, he inoreasod amid breathless exoitement to 2,002, Resuming the noxt afternoon ho went on hammering away afc tho spot, assisted by a little all round play, until he broke down at an ordinary winning hazard, having boaten hia own Cambridge record of 1,989 by no loss .than 524 points. Then the spectators, yiolding themselves up to exoitement, yelled their oongratulationa till they were hoarae, and Sir Robert Peel, unable to con tain himself, sprang towards the smiling little player, and wrung his hand with rapture and good-fellowship, Mr. Wright, after a neat little apeeoh, in whioh he seemed to place Mr. Peall'a marvolloua per. foraanoe among the greatest achievements of modern times, presented the player with the £50 note he had promised the player who would Hrst make 2,000 off the balls, Peall then, after a break from Collins, oontinued soaring until he had amassed 780, at whioh point the limit was reached for the day. The extraordinary oharaoter of the perform ance may best be judged from the fact that for many years, up till comparatively reoently, Mr. ^Cook's 960 was the record. Perhaps the faot that the present hero of the billiard world abstains from smoking and drinking is the seoret of his wonderful oool headedness and equally marvellous steady* hfinrlfirlnnna .. RUSTI0U9, 