SERVICE IN THE TOWN HALL. A full choral service was held in the Town Hall yesterday afternoon. The building was filled to overflowing. The musical selections were rendered by fit. Paul's pro-Cathedral ohoir; Mr. W. J. Turner officiating at the organ. Bishop Goe delivered a discourse upon the 5th chapter of St. James, 14tn and 15th verses : " Is any sick among you ? Let him oall for the elders of tho church, and let them pray over him, aunointing him with oil in tbo name of the Lord, and the prayer of faith Bh&U; save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; aud if behave committed sins, they shall bo forgiven him." Amongst the gifts of the Holy Ghost bestowed upon the Churoh of Christ on tbe day of Pentecost was tbe gift of healing. It had been said that tbe re&nouwhy; no miracles were wrought now- a-days was because of tbe want of faith in the church. But there wero other good and sufficient reasons why miracles were worked in the days of old for special and temporary purposes. They were tbe exception, 'and not tbe rule. It was through human and natural instrumentality that God, as a general rule, con ferred His benefits upon mon. lie bad so constituted his society that men were made dependeut upon one another. The advance ment that bad been made in medical science and the treatment of the sick was so great that it supplied with a splendid amplitude the place of tbe miracles that adorned the early ohurcb. This was largely due to the existence of hospitals, which, whilst directly benefiting the patients confined within their walls, afforded a multitude of cases for the study of medical men. They were called upon that day to contribute to the funds of these noble Institutions. He regretted to hear that during tho past year there had been a slight decline in the support given by the pubfio. This was hot the time for relaxing their efforts. Tht population of Melbourne and ' Victoria was increasing rapidly year by year ; nor could they.toll from day to day what dis coveries in the secret&.of the earth might be made which would direct thousands and thou sands of unforeseen visitors to these shores; Therefore, not only because of their blessed Master's example, but also because of the peou- liar character and circumstances of this colony, it was their business to maintain, and if pos sible increase, the benefits derivable from the charitable institutions. 