A LEGEND OF KUNAL | Many years ago, when X was in the army, my regiment was suddenly ordered to India. We were stationed in the Ben gal Presidency. Shortly after our arrival in the country, when I was quite a 'gtifl;' I was sent with a detachment of men to a place called Fort Knnai, situated on the banke of the Ganges. At that time this | was one of the most dreary stations X have ever been at. Everything npon it reminded one of its past greatness, which contrasted paiofnlly with its present deso lation. It was bnilt on a small hill, at a point wuere i>uc iivn maoo uuwuwm bend; and from our quarters, the Ganges I could be seen wending its way for a con- 1 siderable distance on each tide. j At the time that I waa Btationed there, | the only European inhabitants consisted | of the colonel commanding, the padr€, | the doctor, and myself Shortly after I that, the colonel went on leave, and I "took over command. Then the padrfi was ordered to another station, and his I duties also devolved on me. Finally, the I relief of the doctor was ordered ; and as I was not skilled, in medicine, another was to replace him. The doctor had two very nice spaniels that I had taken a great fancy to ; and as he did not wish to take them away with Mm. he pre- | eented both of them to me shortly before I he left. I mast tell you that, iu India, | the man who usually looks after one's | dogs is the mahter, or sweeper, a man of | very low cast, or perhaps of no caste at j all. These men often become absurdly | fond of the anlmala under their charge ; | and Tajoo, the doctor's sweeper, was no j exception to the general rule. The part- 1 incr between him and Beantv and Bouncer was most affecting. Lest they should get away and follow him, I shot them up In the one remaining room of the old palace in which the rajahs formerly nsed to live It was an odd-looking room in its way, and no one lived in it then. It was approached by a flight of well-worn stone steps, and was probably nsed in former times as a look-out tower. The floor consisted of large flagstones ; the walls were of solid masonry, about three feet thick ; the roof was vaulted. There was at that time bnt one email window —the rest was being walled np— and that looked on to the Ganges. A metal ring was fastened Into one ot tne nag- stones, and to this I tied the doge. I The next day, Tajoo came to my room j io a state of considerable excitement. I He had bronght a note— or dutti, as | they call it in those parte— from the doctor for me, aud had evidently noticed J something on his arrival which exercised j him greatly. In the intervals between j Me numerous salaams, he wrong his j hands and jabbered away in a most in- comprehensible manner. I occasionally detected the words kutta and kutti in his incoherent ramblings, eo knew that I he must be saying something about the | dogs, -that word being the Hindustani for dog. More than that I could not j understand. In perplexity, I sent for j my moonshee. AJter an animated 1 dialogue between Tajoo and himself, the | moDOBhee then told me the cauee of I Tejoo'e grief. It was a long story, foil | of eastern hyperbole ; but I will en- I deav'our to condense it as far as possible, adding, where ntoesssiy, facte that after- 1 wards came to my jknowledge. 1 I It appears that in the days of the East I India Company, some Bpldleis, while ont shooting, where, met by a parfy of villagers in the -neghbouihood . of YniiA A quarrel ensued, wMtii was | followed by a fight, and European was | killed. - The quarrel arose ont of the | Europeans having tilled, a , peacock,! |whieh is a W that pirfc oi l 1 India. - The tillagMtook iBf age Yn the ! fort ;-e,dBah:«f; 1 return and toll their sahib to --come and fetch them himself — if he conld. Only) one result conld follow each a reply. The East India Company bad long cast J an envious eye on tMs strong and power- 1 fill fort. This was an opportunity not to be neglected. An army was sent to 1 snbdoe the imperious Rajab, and bis I territory was proclaimed. The fort waa soon besieged. Without adequate artillery, it seemed as if the besiegers wonld snccumb to the effects of the | climate long before the besieged were reduced by starvation. | For many weary months the siege I went on. Ennai wonld never bave I been taken had there not been a traitor I within its gates. The Rojah had a 1 lieutenant, by name Muttri, in whom be 1 placed the greatest confidence. Though | Muttri feigned the utmost devotion j | for his lord, bis heart was black with 1 treachery, for he had dared to lift his | eyes to the beautiful Ranee, and he j | loved ber. Day and night he cherished j his passion, and thought how he could | make her his own. All the favours that | be owed to the Rajah's generosity were forgotton. Love alone for the Ranee | burned iu hie snnl, absorbing every other | passion. At last a plan suggested itself j to Mnttri's mind, by which he thought | he could gaios hie ends. Amongst the | garrison were certain relatives of his | own. He took them into his confidence, | and the promise of a large reward made i | them his devoted tools. That night, | when all were at rest except the | sentries, a swift messenger left the fort for the English camp. He returned | uuperceived, and was admitted by | Muttri. The reply he brought was | favourable. Mattri's black eyes gleamed with savage delight, Alas for the poor Rsjab ! There was no one to warn him of the diabolical scheme on foot. A few nights afterwards, Mattri and his friends were all on guard at the principle entrance to the fort While the R<>jth was sleeping in fancied secur ity. stealthy steps approached ; the gates were silently opened ; one by one the English soldiers crept id, and etill the Rajah slept. Then came a sudden shout, followed by a heart-rending cry. One of tne soiaiere on guard at tne palace, wnnin i the citadel, had seen the intruders, and I gave the alarm at the same moment that | he received hia death-wound. Then, in J that still night, followed the din of war and the clashing of arms, confusion and | dismay. The victory was not a bloodless | one, fur the Rajah, at the head of a few | staunch adherents, fonght desperately, I with all the courage of despair, while the Ranee, with her young child, was being lowered from the walls overhanging the river. She escaped by way of the Ganges. Shortly afterwards, her gal- j lent Lord fell mortally wounded. I In the morning, the English were mas ters of the fort. The heads of the vil lagers who had killed the European were | hung over the gateway by which they | had entered. War in those days was | a much more savage game than it | is now. Then Mattri claimed the falfil- meat of his compact, which was, that his | life and those of his friends shonld be | spared ; also, that he was to be left in | command of the fort. The Eaglish were | in each sore straits when they were | offered these conditions, that they were | only too glad to accept them ; so they | retired, and Mattri raled in place of his | master. But with him, power was only | another name for tyranny. Having I committed ooe crime, he tried to drown the reproaches of his conscience by still farther excesses Tbe Ranee in the meantime, hearing | that the English had withdrawn, col- 1 iected a great force and led it in person | on Knnai. On her arrival, the gates I were joyfully flang open by the garrison; the traitor Muttri was made a prisoner by his own servants. He was bronght | before the Ranee to receive the sen- 1 tence that his perfidy deserved. Before I she conld ntter a ward, he flaug himself | at her feet and poured forth his tale | of love with all the ardour of a pent-up I | passion suddenly broken loose. His | | story made his traitorous act appear | | doubly black. The Ranee heard him | in savers silence ; then a smile of bitter | scorn curled her lips, and she briefly | pronounced his doom. Mattri was a | brave man ; bnt even he shuddered to | hear his fate. At a sign from the Ranee, he was removed. The Ranee had | decreed that never from that moment | was he to tis'e water or other liquid | again. I He was taken to : the room that I I . . ... . .i i. nave aescnoea as oeing now ilo umj one of the old palace left standing. There his terrible sufferings soon began. Chained to the ring' in the flagstone that still remains, his chain was just long enough to admit of bis dragging | himself to the window to watch the Ganges flowing ceaselessly by. He conld hear it rippling and gargling as it passed, while his parched lips hung ered for a few drops of the precious fluid. His sufferings were beyond all description ; but tbe . Ranee's heart softened -not. Savoury-looking dishes were placed before him ; but they were i Mile f-Amnfolinna fn ha rfifiisfcud. for in the sauce of all was brine. As tbe end I drew near, Muttri's ravings made the j night seem hideoua His bloodshot j eyes, swollen tongue, lacerated lips, and haggard features made him a spectacle 1 awful to behold, as he crouched by the I window and watched the waters of the | Ganges flowing by, and shrieked out | the tingle word Pani, pani, pani ! (Water,, water, water!) The word Traitor, traitor, traitor ! seemed to come back jn mockery as an echo. At last, 1 lone gloomy midnight, his fearful tor- | ments ended in death. None mourned j | bis fate.' | At dawn next day, the following legend was found, scrawled in letters of blood, on the wall of his prison : I .Whatever aleepcth here again, | Shall ne'er syear'its life retain. The servants read "the, words, and trem- 1 bled ; the Ranee - heard them with a j shudder. I Vnttri'a limil wis severed from his body, and hong over the gateway that he had surrendered to the English. His body was flung into the Ganges for the alligators to devour. j . Neither man nor beast was again al lowed' to the -room in which he died.; yet, .at night, .the servants wonld start from tlielr sleep and huddle together in i I fear, detisring -that they heard wailings I and ;uhearlhly'mo'ans coming from thati ItioBwtedichamber. The natives ate a | Orbfflly superstitions race, and they follyi | believed' to too potency of the writing | pn,ihe,tejrto35ojhem eviL | : ,;fo'w yafter,M death, . the Ranee's only child escaped from its nurse, and wandering about the palace, came at last to this ill-fated room. With child-like curiosity it entered and began to play about on the floor. Tired at last of playing, it lay down on a mat and fell asleep. When the frightened nurse fonnd him, the boy was dead. One hand was grasping the ring on the floor, and the other was held over his eyes, as if he were endeavouring to con ceal some awfat object from his tight. When the news of this death spread in the city, the superstitions populace re peated to each other in awe-struck tones the prophecy that they had heard was written on the walls. The fulfil ment in this case had followed quickly on the event. No man would hence forth dare to doubt it. The Ranee and her followers once more fled from KunaL The palace was | allowed to crumble away in ruins until | the English again took possession of the | fort. | Such was the story that the moonshee related to me. It was easy to see, from his tone, that he fully believed it. The sweeper, he said, feared lest tbe evil rackshw (demon) who inhabited the room would come some day and steal away the lives ot the two dogs. I tried to reason with both of them ; bnt a people s'eeped in superstitious lore are deaf to all reason. 'Allah,' the sweeper said, hath willed that it shonld be so. | The ways of Allah were inscrutable.' | He besonght me to remove the dogs at | once. At last, in order to get rid of | him, I promised to do so. He left me full of forebodings that some evil | awaited his pets. Shortly before I left Kama, one ot the two dogs, Bouncer, went mad, and had to be destroyed. I thonght very little of this at the time, as the heat was very excessive, and dogs often went mad at that period of the year. A short time after Bouncer's death, I was relieved by another detachment, and returned to the headquarters of my | regiment, taking Beauty with me. I Slowly the year went by ; the hot weather gave place to the monsoons, which were heralded as usual by some heavy dust storms— an extraordinary sight to those who see them for the first time. Then the monsoons yielded grudgingly to the winter — delightful months as long as they last. Once more the summer burst upon ns, hotter and more shrivelling, if possible, than i it had been tbe previous year. One special Sunday — I remember it well — the heat was almost suffocating. Dar ing the early morning church parade, several men had to ' fall out.' Yet the irritating movements of the punkah, | as it passed backwarks and forwards I before my eyes, made me feel so giddy | that T could hardly . endure it. In tbe | afternoon, I went for a ride. Beauty | wanted to follow, as nsnal ; it was so | hot, however, that I would not take | her out. It was a little after sunset | when I returned. On the doorstep | was Beauty, anxiously watching for ns, | she and the pony being great friends. JShe barked joyonsly, and ran across | the compound to meet ns. As I was | to dine with some friends that evening, I I entered my bungalow and began my | toilet at once. A few minutes after- wards my sweeper rushed into my room | in great consternation, and cried out : | ' Sahib, sahib, the dog is dead 1' I I ran out. and there she lay panting in the verandah. T dashed a bucketful of water over her ; it did not revive her in any way. In a few moments ahe had breathed ber last. A few minutes before, she seemed full of life ; now, she was dead. Suddenly the prophecy in connection with the room at Kunai occurred to me. I sought my diary, and turned over the pages to the date on which the two dogs had been given to me. April — May — June. Yes, there it was, Jane 17th — a year that very day ! Both dogs had died within tbe specified time. I thonght over this curious coinci dence on my way to dinner, and was not a little disturbed at it. During dinner, I was rallied on my silence, and, by way of exense, related to my host the legend of Knnai, and the strange fulfilment of the prophecy | that very night. I had hardly con- | eluded, when my khidmutgar, who waa | standing behind my chair, started for- | ward and shouted : ' Sahib, sahib, J dekoP ( Sir, sir, look !') His black face ( was almost blanched with fear, as he I a — J . — J i)., J MAAvm lllfl (Dratia auu ucu iruui vue iuum, snow-white puggaree, which had tumbled off in his haste, streaming behind him. I looked in the direction, in which he had pointed. I, too, was startled. | Outside, on the lawn, 1 saw through | the glass door the full outline, clear | and distinct, of the dog that I had | just left dead at my bungalow. Unearthly, nnreal, it appeared, as it | stood rigid and motionless, the rays of | the full moon falling upon its form, j Its eyes, which glowed like coals of fire, seemed to look a mournful fere- | well at me. I rubbed my eyes and I looked asain. - In that moment, the spectre had melted away in tbe dim shade. I could see nothing. Was I awake or was I the victim of a dream, or was this bnt a freak of vision? I looked at my host in blank amazement. He had seen nothing. I was about to explain, when — a yelp and a cry, and Reanty herself came bounding into the room in proprid pcrsond. No ghost this time, bnt solid flesh , and blood. She had only had a fit, after all, and recovered shortly after I had left my bungalow. My sweeper had followed | me with her, to show mo that she was | still alive. j We langhed heartily over the | occurrence, and it was a long time be- j fore my Legend of Knnti was for- j gotten in the regiment, for the story got wind. Beauty lived for many a. year after that. When she did die, it | -was of a prosaic disease called old age. —Chambers Journal. 