THE BISHOP'S GHOST—A TRUE- STORY: During the hot summer of I791^the- Bishop of Chichester was waked in his pilace ol four o'clock iu the morning, by the opening of the door of his. bed- chamber, when a female figure, all. in white entered, and. sat down at a small table near lo his bedside. The prelate, who protested nfterwurds that lie was not frightened, demanded^ in, a tone of authority ::" Wha-are you ?'" Not a word of reply. The presence heavpd a profound sigh', bub wouldl not speiilr. 'I'lie bishop tlietn pulled the bell-co»d which huiig. within reach( but the servants at tliat'llour wire so snundi asleep that nollody heard the alarm.. He vepeatnd! tha question'—this time persuasively j.atill no answer,, only ;u repi til ion of tiie deep sigh. Then the- ^apparition took a packet of. papera, from its bosom ;.laid it oil the table,. : where papers of the bishop's were lying,-, opened it, and began to- overlbokc thedill.-rent documents? At-length, wJjem tin- prelate liadi rang,, and: lung,, audi ,1-ang,. wil.houbaiiswert of.any. kind), thespectra; without. SO' niucli as having w-inlted'at. his ftautio-ofturt to arousenssistaiioe,. quietly- gathered 1 up. its papers,, and returnedl "them, to it» bosom ; then solemnly, arose,, andi departed ss-sedately, ns it hadientered. When the servants at« length ap-- peared,.tlie bishop demanded, of. them, what they had seen. . . " Seen my lord ?"' " Aye—whom luu-e }xju:scen ? Who-, is ( lie woman.that has been hwre T! " IFoniani my lordl'.' In short, when his lordihijj-liaditoldl of his vision,.his domestics were firmly, of opinion that lie hadibeon. dteaming.. Audi when he appeared - before lust fanlilj? in the morning,. and< told; thewonderful story (hey. all-said lie musti .'have been dreaming,. But they were to> tliinki differently;- vory soon—when an aged nurse came- down from.henoliatnber,.withipal& faceand-wide open,eyes,.eager>. Io know if; all was well with. biB- lordship. She snid'she-had been called' up towards, morning, by her patient (a girl, Hick with fever,.-whom she waB-nursing),AiMlI had gone down iDto the kitohen afterr some gruel she had tlicre left' on the hob.- On her.way.back.she hadiBeen a tall, deadly-looUing.figure—appprently-- afemale—robedialt- in white,, coming: out from his lordship's bedchamber.. Tihe figure's arms-were folded over its bosonij.andiit sigh«d*as-though in pain. and distress, onin agonytoffsiprtti And-now the tiling became real and) startling. The word went' abroadj. and! the wholfe town TOB. thrown, into el— cituiiient ;iand(there-is no telling.-where it would, have- ended,, norv in wtiaU fashion the good) bishop would bave ife on>record;.had not the- mystery been, .cleared up in the-following^very. simple- {manner:: Oheday—a.weelt.afteriUie- appearauoe- of the ghost-—the deeper of. at private mad-house,in the- neighlwur— hood of Chiohester, callkdv upon bis lord ship.for fcho-purjwge oft' returning; a"paper,Tvirich he was satisfied ^belonged. to him), and whiohi he—thte- keeper—- bad fouud in the possession of:» poo*' crazy woman who was under>iiis ohaigfc. Said he,.in explanation :- "'She is a harmless creature>. who* thinks that relatives have robbed! herof great estates..Sho-haslbfcfof:paperswlnoh she guards religiously-.as- being her title-deeds.. URese" plpere dfe. oarries-in her bosom,. ever and. anon» referring to them, and. sighing mournfully ever hen sorrower Oh thab warm< nighty my lord,, your people had left-, a door, open ;:she:had! wendered away from.our asylum ;:and site mnafc. hiveentered'your house,. and> opened heir packet of-papera in suchia position that: she took.this document of yours-up byr aocident- She wouldmever have doneit intentionally."" And so tiie mystery mas sollwd'j.-andf tfie good bishop-was venjv thankful thab. he eould for evermore- safely- declarethat the visit of his ghost, was. not. at dream. A Shepparton: correspondent- re-^ ports At.the tenth, annual, meeting: of the Mjoina. Agricultural andiPastoral. Sooiety,. held at Gtehel on Saturday, evening Mr. Jt E. Thompson,.managerr of thfr ©DoUie Experimental.Harm,was. unanimoUBiy. eleoted president for. theensu ing 'y ear,an d> Mr. J. Sim secretary._ The-statement- nfreceipte^andi^'Xpendi-- tuie was oonsidered most satisfoctory^andl stowed a oredit balance of X6V notwithstanding numerous- and substantial improvements: effected: in theshow-jardsjjuringtheTfeat IE; monthly To avoid olkshing witHf Tungamah,. it. was'agreed.'to alter the" fixed: date of; the spring, show from-- October- 6i to> September Itt.. Canvassers, were deputed! to viBit Melbourne,_otheriinpor— tuntiliusineaB was traneaotsdi-and. thegentlemen. present subsequently resolr ved themselueB.into"a puUlic- meeting,, convened fon the purpose o£ takings steps-to have thsiterminus the line* from Sheppartom toDooldefixrdlalr a., site about a mile further east from the-: proposed terminal point,, whioh,. it in urged, -iB «ltogether unsuitable for thereqjiirementsof famers iu. the. winter time perfeotly inaooessaUe.. Jfr- Thompson was voted to the ehaii^.aadl it'was unauimouelj' agrerf that a petition be drawn, up for signature,, audi % deputation, >v.as appointed, to present, same to the Minis ter, ona dttte to. W hereafter de«ided. »fon In eonftnotibik with theBenalla Siwe -Co*nmlt th» Parliamentary Kfreexnteti veafor ihm district, and President of OmmU *t Agricultural Sdnication- 