JTK. Farowoll, with humblo air, I kias your tinjycr tipB ; Tho whilo my bold heart flioq la fancy to your lips. Tho otiinty glove I kiss ; A plague upon tho fashion ! Mv mirnoso thwarts, Buenna-like, A-warding off my passion. -1 bhr. | Prithno why should ho bo oontont j With kissing of my fingors ; Suro all tho world miah homage pays —And yet tho Dullard lingors ! : ' You jiat ought to have been over to our house last night!' shouted ono small boy to another recently. ' Why — making pictures ?' ' Kaut much ! Humph ! Ko sir ; our folks went away, and wo had pop corn, two kinds of sweetened water, milk and camphor, drew tho dog ai*oi*nd in the tablecloth, and the hired girl told us eight ghost stories.' I havo met with a pood many people In jogging o'er life's varied way ; rvo encountered tho clover, tho simplo, Tho crabbed, the Rravo, and tho gay ; I havo travolled with beauty, with virtuo, I havo beon with the ugly, tho bad, I havo laughod with tho ouos that woro morry, And wopt with tho onos who woro sad. Ono thing. I havo loarnod in ray jonrney— No'or to judgo ono hy what ho appoars. Tho oyoa that senm Bparkling with laughter Oft battlo to kocp hack tho toars. And long, sanctimonious facos Hido often tho souls that aro vilo : Whilo tho heart that is morry and ehoorful Is often tho froewt from guilo. And I havo learned not to look for perfec tion In ono of our frail, human kind ; ( In hoart3 tho most gentle and lovinff, Some blemish of fault wo can find. But yot 1 have no'er found tho croature So low, so depraved, or so moan, But had some proof! itnpnlao — some virtuo, That 'mong his bad traits might bo seen. And, too, 1 liave loarnod that most friend ships Wo mako, aro as brittle aa glass. Just lot a revrrao overtako u* — Onr ' friends ' on tho ' otliorsido ' pass. But, ah ! I have found somo few loyal Some hearts overloring- and truo ! And the joy and tho peace they havo brought mo Havo cheered me my whole journey through. How a woman can stand on a cold day, with her sleeves rolled up and her bead bare, and visit her neighbour across the fence for 15 minutes, and not think of tak ing cold, and yet cannot sit in the cold church half an hour, wrapped in furs aud plushes, without shivering all the time, and snoezing a week to pay for it, is a mystery. She gave him back hi» letters With her fine patrician air, Whilo a tinffo of gcntlo sadness Made hor seom more truly fair. And thus tho bond was severed, Whilo their lovo was in its spring ; Sho pavo him bock his letters, But sho kopt his diamond ring. Sho would bo to him a sister If ho noeded such a friend ; In thi3 world, so false and cruel, On hor truth ho might depend. Other men might deem her hoartless, | Sho would pass thorn by as churls, : 1 : While, in stateliest devotion, Sho woxld wear his set of pon-rls. And tlie jowellod fans from Paris In their costly oabinot, ' ? And tho m my dainty trifles Wrought in ormulu and jet ; And much bric-a-brac of value That had como across tho brino, Sho retained as sweet mementoes Of the day* of auld lang syne.. But she gave him back his letters, . ? ; . And indood they wero not few, Tho' they had no money value, As our horoiuo woll know ; . . . So she parted with thom bravely, Ana tnomterviow was o or, And with kindost condesoensioni / Sho dismissed him at the door. ? ? ? . When Genoral Sherman entered Golds boroj N-CJ., after » his inarch the sen, on his way t?. join Grant' before ?^Richmond, .. there dwc-lt in that town a certain Colouel X., who was one oE the most rabid seces sionists 'that could he found. His houso wa3 situated in the north end of the city and at the end of a street, so that anyone coming into' town from the south would see his residence as soon as he would enter the south end of thi3 same stroet. When Genoral Sherman and his staff came into the town they came up this street and stopped just in front of Colonel X.'s resi dence; The colonel, who was out on his porch, greeted them, and an oflicer saluting him; a3ked what his sentiments were in regard to war. ' I am a strong Union min.' answered the Colonwl, with ? a dry smile. ' Ah, indeed,' said tho | officer, ' i^therl sarcastically; ^'and how. long have you been a Union man?' 'I°have been a Union' man,' said the Colonel, slowly,', and aa if considering his words, ' ever sinco'I saw you and your staft come iiito the end of the street, about 13 moutK3 ago.' The candour of the Colonel's reply pleased Sherman, and he ordered a f jiard placed around vjoionei r. a pruycLoj, ah'l during tho entire stay of the army m ,(3ol-jso6i:i3 ftthiSKffas around kis prcimsp^ultltprt^i 4 great mvj of the fine private as Weil us public build ings were burned and pillaged. A Chinaman is speaking to himself a3 he irons a shirt. Picks up a shirfc showing i evidenco of having beon well eared for, and L'saya : ' Bachelor. I-Iim landlady nx luin. un jinofcher. buttonless and all frayed at the wrists and neck, and says : ' MalUed man.' ? - A citizen^ whose heels wero striking sparks from the flagstones as he walked entered tho water office, selected his clcrk, and fiercely announced: — 'Sir! you can send up and take your old gas meter out of, mv house.' ' ' This is not tho gas office. 'It isn't!' 'No, sir-, this is tho water office.' ' Oh, it is ! Well, then,- send up and turn your infernal old water off . . X 111 not - going to walk a mile and a half lor nothing.' 