Ma STEVENSON'S -POEiaB,' (THIe TIMEs) As a writer of prose Mr. Stevenson has tong since secured a very high position; a position, in fact, so high that those who oare for literature as such do not willingly pass by anything that he writes. Whether it be a story or an essay, the description of a; fight at sea or fugitives crawling over a Scotch moor under a blszing August son, a oeries of Sternlike neditations as he drops down a French river in his canoe, or a bit of choioely.told. biography-whatever he touches be touches with the hand of a master. He speaks as a man to men and as a boy to boys, and breathes ever all he writes that air wbtch ismost often missing in the works of modern men of letters, thd air of living experience and intense reality. And now he comes before the world with a little, thin volume of verse, and those whose admiration of .his work has been steadily growing till now must look upon the experiment with interest. and even with anxiety. Isis not, indeed, his first experiment in poetry; he has already published "A Child's Garden of Verses," very charming and individual, but not so serious an effort as this, We mnyay at oncethat, did it stand alone, there would be nothing in the volume before us to make the author fear criticism, but, even if there were, his pathetio dedication would disarm it or the book is dedicated to a whole colh ge of physicians-to all those doctors whose cheerfulness and courage and ski I have helped.the wrirer through a weary fight against long and disabling illness. But illness has left no traces in the book, save where here and there it has touched a page with indefinable melancholy, or has brought for a moment into sharp coontrast the writer'. joy in living and his knowledge that "the w llows of the Styx" are not far distant The modern doctors are beginning to wonder whether genius is not always. accompanied by one or other form of disease ; whether the fire which breathes through the utterances of writers of real imagination is not always accompanied by some slightly ahoormal physical state, some quickening of the pulse beyond what ordinary health allows. We will leave this question to Mr. Stevenson's doctors to settle among them. selves; but of this we have no doubt, that his little volume of 140 pages is a book of genius. It is equal to the author's prose It is charming from end to end, lightly and truly touched throughout, and instinct with the personal character of the writer. It is true that hbe calls it " Underwoods," taking the. title from Ben Jonson, and, with a pleasing humour, he introduces it in the following quatrain: Of all my verse like not a nlegle line, But like my title, f.r it to nlt mine That tile from a better man I stole; Ah I how much batter h d I st I'o the whole I Nothing could be neater; but Mr. Steven. son most not expect his readers to agree with him. Ben Jonson was a great writer; but among the many reasons of hisgreatness was the fact that he was himself. And this is just what Mr. Stevenson is, a man who has in his hands a personal and individual gift with which to present his country The gift is his own, and that is why it is valued. The note of the volume is struck in a delightful little stanza, printed by Itself 'without title SRiog clearlier, latSe. or evermore be still, Stag truer rnu loneeer ale I No mowe the voice Of melancholy Jaquocs To w.ke a weeping echo in the hill ; Bat as the oy, tho pirate of the spring, From the g ern oem a living liolet takes, One atural v. ree recapture -then be still. "One natural verse"-that is what Mr. Stevenson has given us, and it is the natural ness of what he writes that is its leading quality. His poems are the straightforward utterance of a thoroughly sane and, at the same time, exqusitely sensitive mind. It cannot be said test he has been uninfluenced by the other poetry of the time, for he is a man of letters who has read widely as he has felt deeply; but he is entirely free going after strange rhymes and other torturinge of speech which is the fault of so many of the distinguished poets of the present day. Mr. Stevenson suggests literary associations in abundance, but they are of the best sort. They are, if we may use a phrase much in favourwith Mr. Matthew Arnold "of the centre." Here and there Mr. Arnold himself is suggested, especially through Mr. Stevenson's fondness for that simple onto.syllabic couplet In which the elder poet has written so much and so well. Now and then we have a line that recalls Wordsworth, such as "The incomparable pomp of eve ;"one poem, '" To a Gardener,' is almost pure Herrick; and most of the poems in the Scotch dialect which fill the latter half of the volume are a literal carrying out of the old Lowland verse tradition, though they remind us of Fergueson rather than of Burns. But all this is just as it should be, and the literary suggestions are such as really to enrich the volume rather than, as is so often the case,, to obscure the author's own individuality. It Is time, however, to give a few examples of Mr. Stevenson's verse. Here is his cheery little Envoy, which, to be sure, pictures a very delightful framework of life in a delightful way: Go, little hook, and wish to all Flowers in the garden, meat Io the ball, ' Abin of wine, a epice of wit, A house with lawns enalorsing It, A living river by the door, A nightinga'e in the sycamore. More ambitious is " The House Beautiful," in which the poet gives in a couple of pages a sketch of the beauty of the changing seasons, than watch it would be difficult to find any in literature at once more simple and more true. A eased house, a naked moor, Ashlvening pool before the doer, A garden bae eat flowers and fruit, And pop are at the garden ool : loch is the place that I live in. Bleak without and hare withln. Yet shall your ragged moor receive The inoamnrable pomp of eve, And thooold g'ores of the dawn ehlnd your shivering trees be drawn ; And when the wind froem place to place Doth the unmoored cloud galleono chase, Your arde gloom and gleam aga?e, With leapingl sun, wilh Klaoulnc rain, Here shall the wloald moon ascend The heavens, In the ilm, on end Of day's dealining splendour; here r he anrmy f the stal, appear. The eelahbou' hollowr , dry or wet, Spriet shall with tender tHwers beset; o And oet the mortle? mOurae o th L.arks riiong hom the broomy lea? And eveyfairywheelandthread " , Of cobweb dew.badlamonded. When dalsiees e, shall wntner time Siver the simple grass 'weh ime; Autumnal Ireeeu enchant nen pool and make the caft ruts beautiuol ; And when snow.blgt the moonr expands. Bow shall yonr children clsp their hands I To make this earth, Nour heemitage, A rheer:nr. and a obangelal paoe. God' bright an Intricate device Of days a d seasons doth soeoe. We have already mentioned the verees "To a Gardener ;" we might, did space permit, follow it with the admirably vlgo rous verses entitled "Our Lady of the Snows" (No. 23), In which this lover of life, in all its variety and vigour, contrasts his own ideal with that of the monks who, "aloof, unhelpful, and unkind," exist far away in their monastery among the moun, taois. Still betler worth quoting, because more personal in interest, are the. fine verses "To my Father" (No. 28)-that is, to the late Mr. Thomas Stevenson, well. known throughout Scotland as a distin guished engineer and .uullder of light.l honses. Pesc- ad her hougs Insv.eion to thee shores Pout daily home Innoumerable sails Dawn on the fair hboaen and draw near ; I numerable 'ones, uncounrted hopes To our wild con to, not dnkling now, approach; Not now beoure, since' thou ansd thine are there, and bright on the lone tile, the foundered reef, Ohe long, resmosloig fnr, land, Pharos standL, chesa are thy works. O father, these thy crown; whesher on high the asn ha puns they chine Along the yellowi.g runnet, and all night among the onanmosed eae of God they shine: Or whether fogs aries and far and wide The low sea-level drown-esakh nds a tanaue Aod all nleht long the tolling hell reonud s; san bhee, so toll till n'ght he vesrpet,p Tilt the stares vanish. i:11 toe son return, Asd in the haven side, the fleet sacets. In the flrthotr, the seaman i hie skiff Moves through the mnmoving hay, to where the town its arqtae. -mote o te lee ar upbnhra'he . . Ad the rough hbeel, rllmb along the beach, To the trgg'd oar the dletnnt echo speaks The shlp l e reting where by reefst and roost Thoa end thy lghte have led her like achild. Tht-bhut Uhou done, ad';-c.. I bu bease ' Smus tase, O flatber, and to o . Seme ls a, complnloir geseaman piothb me. We are very much mistaken if this short poe m, admirable alike in the teobniaue of It-. verse and in the thought and its expression, is not destined to take its place among .the pol me that will live. Half the volume Is, as we have esid, written in the Scotch dialect, and tle due appreciation of these poems we must leave? for Scotch readers. Englishmen, however, will be perhaps more charmed than the. ecesitive Scotch with the . ote in which Mr. Stevenson describes his diffionltiea in handling his native dialect, and the mortal fear in which he stands of the critics who will distinguish the Scotch of Lauderdale from the Scotch of Angus, and-both these froe..that of the Lothians. Let the pre eisiane," he writes, "call my speech that of the Lothians. Andif it be not pure, alas I. what matters it ? The day draws near when this illnetrious and malleable tongue shallbe quite forgotten; and Burne's Ayrshlre and Dr. Macdonald's Aberdeen-Awa', and Scott's brave metronoliza., utterance will be all equally the ghosts of speech. lill then I would love to have my' hour as a native Maker, and be read by my own countryfolk in our own dying language -an ambition surely rasher of the heart. than of he head, so restricted as it is In. prarpect of endnrance, so parochial in, bounds of space." We will content our- - selves with but one example of these BScotch poems, and that the poem which requires. - least aid from the glossary-the pathetic little song in which the author utters once more the old cry about the death of friends... \- It'sn owercme esoth for an' )outh And it broks Si' nne detal, - That the dearest I?t-nds ·re the auldest bhland. AeLd the youn asre just on trial. 'here's a rival basld wl' young an' auld And it's him that bs bere?t me; For ths sorest fl'nds are the sldetfrilends And the msbt a' mines bse tl mae. There are kind hearts still, for friends to fill And tools to trke and break them; But the ne.rs?t f end, are the auldest triends And the grsve'a the place to seek them. It is hardly possible--In these days at allr , events-that an author should take his place -; among the great 'poets unless he comes for. ward with a claim on the ground-.of? quantity as well a- on the ground of quality.- - Mass must count for something, and Mr. Stevenson has not miss. No more, bowevers. has Gray or Collins; nor, for the matter of that, Catullus or even Horace-if it is not profane to mention those old workers :in gems with the men who have the misfortune-., to be of to-day. We will not make vain comparisons, but we will say that, within; - Its limited and strictly personal range, Mr. , Stevenson's little book is about as good as it could be. It is literature, and to how"i limited a class of modern books that word - belongs those know beet who read most of~: them. 