Latest; lews. LORD AND LADY CABNABVOJT.—Lord and Lady Cainatvo^ are expected to arrive in Adelaide from Melbourne on [November 29. On Decemuer 2 the South Australian Grand I jdge of Freemasons will bold a special m-et>n« and rccep'ion, at which an address, now in preparation, will be presented to Lord Ciiiiaivon, who is Pro. Grandmaster of the Freemasons in England. BANCO COURT.—Monday being the first day of the fourth law teiji, Mr. Justice Foncautand Mr. Justice Bundey sat as the Fuil Court, but there being no business an ad j ournment was at once S ade until next day. Hi DE PARK TBAMWAV COMPANY.—The following is the Directors'report, to be preserted to tbe shareholders at the half-yearly ireetiog: — " Your Directors have much pleasure in a^ain presenting you with a favourable balance-sheet, and would point out that the gross earnings ot the Company are £120 in excess of hst half-year, lraving en amount of £339IS3. 3d. to the credit of earnings. After paying the dividend last half-year, st the rate of 5 per cent, per annum, there is a present crcdit to profit and Iocs account of £76a 0?. 2d. They would also direct your attention to the fact that they have a cash balance (after allowing for accounts and dividends outstanding) of £1,016 Is. 9<J., the greater part of it bearing interest. The Directors leave it to the shareholders to decide at this meeting whether the Company ehall pay a dividend." The Manager's rep sit states:—" Curing the six months your cars bave made 4,797 trip3 each way, capable of seating 422,136, pnd have carricd 122,935 passengers, being 9,596 more than list halfyear. Yoi'r Cotapaey have in stock and in use four cirs. They aie housed in carshed in Hyde Park, which &ive3; room for six. The stables have Iwenly-four stalls, all of which areoccupicd. The stock of horses number twrnty-foar in all. They are in good health and condition." THE POSTAL CONFZBENCE,—The Minister of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson) has received a telegram from the New Zealand Government stating that no member of the Ministry will be able to come to the Postal Conference owing to pressure of business. Mr. Johnson has telegraphed back asking \+ but the permanent head of the Postal Department might attend to represent that colony. The Conference is proposed to be held eprly in January. THE OP EDUCATION'S VISIT TO THE NORTHERN TEBBTTORY.—The Minister of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson) intends to visit the Northern Territory some time in January. THE ENGIKEEE-IN-CHIEF.—It was stated in political circles on Saturday morning that when the debate is resumed in the House of Assembly on Wednesday next on the motion for the adoption of the report of the Select Committee appointed to enquire into Mr. H. C. Mais's connection with the Silverton Tramway an amendment will be moved to the effect taat Mr. Mais should be censured for his action, and required to pay all the morey he has received from the £ilverfcoa Tramway Ctm^ aTiy to the South Australian Government. The members of Parliament who are moving in this direction will submit the amendment if there iB a chance of it receiving fair support. THE PICTUHESQTRE ATLAS.—Mr. Jenkins, M.P., representing the publishers, has sent f o us Part XLV, of the Atlas, which deals exclusively with Victoria, and almost entirely with the capital city, which, when it was known as Beargrass Township, comprised only thirteen primitive buildings. In 1836 it was named after Lord Melbourne, then Prime Minister of England, and since then, as is suggested by one of the writers, the Australian place which took the title of the British Premier bas done more to perpetuate that name than the courtly gentleman who inherited it. A portrait of the nobleman is given in this nnmber. Another picture of at least equal interest is that of the obelisk erected to the memory of John Batman with the suggestive word "Circum- spice," ending its inscription. The two first, and two of the most prominent pictures, are the frontispiece view of the Botenio Gardens with Government House showing rather dimly in the background, and an interior representation of the Legislative Council Chamber. Comparisons are not always pleasant; it is to be hoped, therefore, that the artist who is supplying South Australian sketches for the "Atlas" will net consider it necessary to show the inside of our Legislative Council Chamber. JSl umerous other engravings faithfully depict the most important suburban public buildings, and there is especially a picturesque beauty about a rural scene near the You Yangs. Artists and writers combine, with reasonable justification it muBt be confe^cd. in glorifying our enterprising sister colony in the East, whose gold brought to it so much prosperity. Its people have always been, and rightly, great self-advertisers. Yet, withal, in this "Atlas" good judgment has been shown in the use of facts and figures, whilst nothing great or small which would be likely to interest the reader has been omitted. We are told, for instance, that Melbourne, urban and suburban, has a population of 300,000; that about half of that number have witnessed the Melbourne Cup Race in one day, end (coming down to the prosaic) that 'hrough Newmarket alone pass yearly for tbe consumption of tbe peocle about 409,030 sheep and between 50,000 and 60,000 cattle. A CHAMEB OF ACCIDENTS.—On Saturday evening a small fire occurred at the General Post- Office, which but for prompt assistance would have probably caused great damage. The fire started in the machine-room from a small gas-stove which had been used for the purpose of heatine: water for cleaning the machinery used in the department. The accident occurred owing to the forgetfulnesa of the clerk to turn off the gas. The City Coroner subsequently met Mr. Todd, who decided to have some alterations effected in the arrangement of the stove to prevent a repetition of the fire. On Sunday the Coroner received intelligence that a fire had occurred in a bedroom of the Marquis of Lome Hotel, Pirie-street. Mr. Ward inspected the premises and learned that a lodger came home on Saturday after a heavy day's work, and after lighting a candle threw himself on his bed and fell asleep. The bedroom window being open a breeze blowing the candle set the blindB on fire. A person passing by gave the alarm. The somewhat sudden death at Thebarton of Mrs. Elizabeth Taylor was also reported. She had bcei ailing for some time from gastric derangement. Dr. Stewart had been until lately her medical attendant. An inquest was not deemed necessary in any case. MAJOR DANE'S LAST LECTURE,— Eloquent Major Dane will deliver his last lecture ia the Victoria Hall to-night on " Great Naval Battles of the American Rebellion." Hj'3 Excellency the Governor and several leading citizens will be present. The prices of admission have been reduced. TUEEARTON ELECTIONS. — Mr. E. C. HemiDgway will addrees the electors of Thebarton at the Southwark Hotel this evening. ADDRESS TO THE POP2.—It was said that the address sent to the Quecu by the women of South Australia, aud illuminated by the Dominican nuns of North Adelaide, was the most beautiful of all those presented to Her Majesty the Queen, but it is even excelled in beauty by one juBt illuminated by the same nnnB and bound by Messrs. Wigg & Co., for presentation to the Pope. This address is bound in white vellum and gold, inlaid with blue morocco, and having a rich fillet of gold beautifully wrought in metaL At the top of the right page is an exquisite painting of the descent of the Holy Ghost on tbe day of Pentecost, and at the bottom a miniature of the Last Supper emblazoned on a mosaic of gold. The sides are wrought with medieval designs, with figures of saints and their emblems of the Papal dignity. St, Peter occupies the centre, bearing under him the words, " Thou are Peter, and on this rock will I build my Church," and opposite is St. Paul on an enamelled background of crimson and gold, surrounded by a scroll, on which is illuminated the words, " Thou art a vessel of -election." In each initial letter will be found come emblem of the office of Leo XUL, and the arms of the Pecci family occupy a conspicuous place. The scene at the head of the left page is the giving of the Rosary to St. Dominic. He kneels^ in the habit of his order at the feet of our Lord, who is represented as a child iu the arms cf His mother, and from His hands St. Dominic receives the rosary. Paul is on the right-hand side, and on the left is St. Joachim, the father of the mother of our Lord. A very lovely figure of ISt Thomas, emblazoned on a chagrin of crimson and gold, indicates the high esteem in which the present Pope has always held the philosophy of St. Thomas Aquinas, while St. Francis of Assess! receiving tbe stigaiata points out his love for the third Order of St. Francis ; and at the foot of the page a lovely painting of the Last Supper stands on a diaper of gold mosaic. Under this is illuminated the date of the Pope's first mass. The finish and expression of the faces in this lovely illumination are quite perfect, and both the painting and binding of the address reflect great honour on South Australia. The address will be on view to-day at Mensrs. Wigg rud Co.'s. HOME FOR INCURABLES.—The many other engagements of .Saturday afternoon did not prevent the strawberry fete on the grounds of the Home for Incurables at Fuilarfcon being a pleasing success, as the twofold object of raising funds in aid of the institution and giving the public an opportunity of inspecting the Home and judging for themselves aB to its arrangements and management was realized in a very satisfactory degree. It is rather unfortunate that the Home is in a somewhat out-of-the-way place. Many residents of Adelaide would' be unable to find it without directions, as the building lies nearly a mile away from any main road, and while being only one storey in height is co surrounded by treeB that it cannot be discerned from any distance. The nearest route from town. and that followed by the visitors on Saturday, is by taking the car to Unley, and going up the second street—Fiaher- Btreet, on the east beyond the oar termiu's. The Bite is about half-way up on the south side. On Saturday several cabs were busily plying from the cars as they arrived to the grouads of the institution. The weather wa3 bright and cool, and the scene a very interesting one. ^ The building, although unpretentious, contains some 26 rooms, which are provided with abundance of fresh air and light. At present there are 6S inmates, the greater number being women, and all the beds except 2 are occupied, but there are 6 candidates awaiting admission. Mrs. Cox, the matron, carries on the management with two nurseB and four hou^e servants. Mo3t of the inmates were on the grounds during the fete, and thoroughly appreciated the numerous acts of kindness thewn to them, while their helpless condiriou and often great age were in strikiug contrast to the appearance 01 hundreds of bright maidens and youths in summer attire vvlio were taking part in the pleasures of the fair. A large pavilion, hung rouud with bannerettes, contained stalls crowded with fruit, s veetmeits, and fancy goods. The demand was chiefly for strawberries and cream, and tea aud cake also Bold well. Good programmes of muBic were gone through by the Police Band and the band associated with tbe Catholic Temperance Guilds, who cheerfully responded after only a few hours' notice. The children found entertainment in pony rides, swings, Aunt Sally, and other diversions. The Home wa3 thrown open, and Mrs Cox and the nurses were engaged all the afternoon showing over the rooms and giving information. The condition of the rooms and passages and the BVLtem of management met with urqualified approval from every one. His Excellency the Governor and the Mayoress of Adelaide were among the visitors. The success of the fair is mainly due to the efforts of MeEdames Farr, Makin, C. B. Hardy, Sauerbier, and Darling, and other ladies. All the articles disposed of were given for the occasion, and the proceeds will prove very acceptable at thia time, as the funds are in a low state. S.A. COMMERCIAL TRAVELLERS' ASSOCIA- TION.—A special general meeting of this Association was called at Beach's Kooma for Saturday evening. The President of the Association (Mr. G. C. Knight) presided. The meeting, was called "to consider the advisability of establishing a club for commercial travellers," but after waiting an hour the meeting lapsed owing to the required number of members not being present. For some time the matter of forming such a club lias been preesed upon the committee, but at their last meeting they decided it was a matter for the members themselves to deal with and declined any responsibility until a membership of at least fifty was guaranteed at a yearly subscription of £4 4s., and as the meeting held on Saturday evening turned out, it was fortunate they proceeded cautiously. We understand the Associations of Victoria and Sydney both have excellent club3 of their own, and though sot a great succcss financially are much used and greatly appreciated by commercial travellers and their friends. FREE BREAKFAST,—The regular meal was provided at the City Mission Hall, Lightnquare, on Snnday morning, when 144 were rovided with a good, plain but substantial E reakfast. Of these 114 were women and children, and thirty men. There we.e a large number of ladies and gentlemen present, and most of them willingly assisted in the meal and otherwise helped to make the poor people happy. They seemed to thoroughly appreciate the kindness shown tb n. At the after-meeting Mr. J. J. Green presided, and addresses were delivered by Mrs. Morgan, Miss Green, Messrs. Wilson and {G. C. Knhht. The choir, led by Mies Green, rendered good service, and at the clote of the meeting the remaining food was distiibuted to the most needy of the deserving poor, A meeting of the committee and workers was held in one of the rooms in the morn'Tis, when it was resolved "to discontinue the free breakfasts after the end of the year until next winter." It was felt with the brighter outlook and better prosrscts there was less necessity for the continuation of the meal dur'Dg tbe summer months. It was mentioned that funds had come in well during the trying winter we have passed through, not only fcr the breakfast but also to provide sick comforts for the suffering ones, and we understand Dr. H. H. Norman has again promised to provide the Christmas breakfast, which in past years have been so successful, SB on these festive occasions the tables have been generally provided with some luxuries that do not usually appear. WOOLBCYEFS WORKING WITHOUT CAPITAL, —The bills of lading question raised by a correspondent (says toe S. M. Herald of Friday) is one of some importance, though it does not yet appear to have assumed such a position as to require tbe passing of an Act to deal with it. It is said that woolbuyers, hav»ig been deprived of the measure of credit by which they were allowed seven days to ship wool before payment, are now seekicg to save themselves expense by urging shipmaBters or agents to give them bills of lading whilst the wool is still in the auction stores with the object of discounting these docu, mentB to pay the auctioneers. It is contended that to give a bill of lading for goods which the shippers do not ihold, and have not paid for, is practically to give a paper containing wilful misrepresentations of facts that may mislead or damage tbe interests of the Bank d it counting it. Masters and agents of & vessels trading to the colony should units ia declining to introduce the system. The ship would, it is said, be liable to the Bank discounting the bill of lading in the event of the non- delivery of the wool to the vessel or of anything happening by which the Bank suffered. Our banking institutions might very well aid in checking any abuse like the one indicated by refusing to discount until satisfied that the property they are asked to advance^ upon is either on board or well within the possession of the master or agent of the vessel for whish the bill of lading is given. PORT ADELAIDF TOWN HALL -The Figaro Minstrel TrouDe will give au entertainment m this Hall to-night. THE RAINFALL.—Bainfall for the twentyfour hours ending 9 a.m. Saturday, Novem ber 19 :—Yam Creek, 0'330. BURFORD FCXD.—Will the representative please call at this office OPEP 4T1VE B00TMAKErs' UNIOV. — The half-yearly meeting will be held at the Labpur LsBgne Hall to night. 