5 EDITOR. CURRENT NOTES. [Wees the discoverer of the Nor-'h Pole feels Wuponto award a prize for Arctic impudence bill not need to go further than North M elite. Hie claims of Dr. Rose, still M.L.A. for ; suburb, to be considered the champion of jolcheek ' cannot in justice be overlooked'. The hilarious records of ice- bound adventurers coniuothing in the way of frigid nonchalance that i compare with Dr. Rose's recent action in injection with his seat in the Legislature. His as sends the mercury down with a thud that „{ateus tobreak the bulb in the thermometer, jehas placed the evidence taken in the Divorce Enutbefore his election committee, and as that 'pit tribunal doesn't think him guilty this worthy jautative will not resign his sgat and leave ltd lis constituents to say whether after the UtJivorce proceedings they consider Dr. Rose Ifliiitl proper pe son to represent them. The •nation of adjectives in the present instance is important one. The major ty of the electors bstill consider the doctor a fit person, but when (it right to be called a " proper" person is ean- I it may lie asserted that opinions would be pj unequally divided. The Court of Appeal Mich this senator constitutes to make him clean rfore the wor d is a novel one. A jury of Dr 6 countrymen. having been duly placed upon Mr oath, having ttie witnesses before them, the Wees of skilled counsel and a le rn-.d judge t> Nsttli in, and with the weighty responsibility of Piidifeiided woman's character in their hands, pnly and deliberately fiud Dr. Rose guilty. He peals from them to the irresponsible verdict of au Worn committee of his political.supporters, and ' ""'is that the finding of his knot of politicians • outweigh the unbiassed decision arrived at F» Supreme Court jury in the minds of the tors of ttotham. The stupendous impudence ms course of action would be amusing were it Ptoo painfully degrading to human intelligence. Ffaidhas been described as "mostly fools," F Ur. Rose must regard his constituents as Wely idiots if he expects them to consider the Mictof his political committee as reversing the et of the Supreme Court jury. connection with Hiis politico-social scandal, •nnnot help regretting, for the co- respondents Mud rejoicing for the sake of morality, that 1 llot tiie sole . , , selection of the jury nelled to try the divorce case Weeding v. and y,-r,, t , What a differeilt result'the 11 3 i' avc l)ad ! The ^"sitive doctor would ( ratt!, ) ; ° ul ' fc witbout a stain upon his , en,J' C V ,lad he so Resiled, to carry his ral and a£ri' "!? medical influence, with all its o n ' into the house of 1,is «Mn» , friend 6lllue ^ the light of another man's home. . ^.fiwE will not resign—that is pretty well Wfoi n 1,ll:,at ' 0ris of cojnmon decency and in„.i r °P iui ° 11 liav e no weight with him. but of th/ "I' 1 " wi "chand tackle will drag him kforp ''.'"'durable 1 ' house. It remains, there- T ine " tto take sUch ste Ps to prevent 'eadv i ! In the legislature in the furtue. It ine ll ete,] f-] w f of the land that neither a con- %a f 1 -" iU1 ""certificated insolvent can »ie,th a ;l Parliament. The time has now 4i|)itjon tl m ' Kose s co "duct, when the same be l Evicted »d i? e S all 3' enacted against the •wi.iKc-er and the morally bankrupt. r^fctiRjjj v,, ^"KofVi of tiie speakers at Sunday's in f or JH ; ""employed that powerful body will ^Uovi U(ft ,' e,! a »>ore terrible retaliation than '•feistn l • t '" rled dar]in s of lhe £ Mock." They L. e tii ost ° 0 h!r(; a lorry and dress up figures of Kt s " v'' 1^ legislators, and inarch through come F tliere Jje some practical out of this. Processions — even Chinese ones-are very popular nowadays, and a parade of the unemployed escorting a lorry ^vith an tfligy of Nimmo as a stonehreaker, Gillies as an ice cream man, and a few other fancy dress characters, would be certain to draw an immense crowd. A grand display m the way of knocking spots off the Ministerial elhgies m.Jit follow iu the Exhibition, for which a small charge might be made for admiss on A handsome sum would thus be netted, and could be devoted to a fund for the purpose of supplying the unemployed with shiny bell- toppers walking-sticks toothpicks, and other implements of war necessary for them to carry on their crusade of annoying the curled darlings of the block." The Medical Society appe.rs to be iu a bad wa v just at present On the same principle, we presume. that the shoemaker's wife goes the worst shod, the society of doctors can get very tick at times. Its latest disease takes the form of violent convulsions, induced by the fact that certain young doctors have had the temerity to send out circulars to the governors of the Melbourne Hospital requesting the favour of "your vote and interest." Tlrs, it appears, is a form of advertising contrary to the etiquette of the profession. How any doctor who has a sufficient number of patients to keep his brain fairly occupied can see any objection to a candidate for an office informing his constituents of the fact is a puzzle to the average mental intellect. Dr. Springthorpe has offended the tender susceptibilities of the Medical Society by not doing his "canvassing " by card or by personal touting and verbal ad misencordiam appeals for a vote. Dr. Charles Ryan, too, has been guilty of the crime of not only sending out a circular, but in it he has stated who and what he is. This is such a serious aggravation that the convulsions of the Medical Society are so bad that they are likely to prove fatal to the health of that delicate body—at anyrate, so far as the opinions of sensible laymen are coLcerned. Supposing Dr. Charles Ryan, instead of personally touting, prefers iu a manly, straightforward way to send a circular to the Hospital subscribers stating that he is a candidate for one of the honorary surgeonships, where is the great breach of professional etiquette ? If he chooses in this circular to recall to the memory of the recipients the circumstances that he is native born, and that he has had experience iu the war-hospitals of Plevna, he merely states two fac's. the former nothing to his discredit and the latter certainly giving him excellent qualifications for the post he aspirts to. But this is advertising himself. Not a doubt of it. In spite of all this unmitigated rubbish about its being unprofessional on the part of a medical man to. advertise himself, it must be admitted that in some, foim or another " they a' do it." \Yhat is the swell carriage, or the dapper dog-cart and the spanking horses—advertisements What is the M.D., F.R.C.S.E ,X Y.Z. so carefully tacked on to the doctor's name—an adveitisement. What are the particulars of a "peculiar operation" so minutely communicated to the newspapers for publication—an advertisement. When Dr. Bolus gives a bulletin to the Press as to the health of the sufferer in a railway collision, he does so chiefly because he knows that his name will appear in the paragraph and that he will get a cheap advertisement. Why a circular which merely sets'forth a doctor's qualifications for au honorary surgeonship at the Hospital should be regarded as more unprofessional advertising than the instances wc refer to, and which arc of daily occurrence, we are at a loss to understand. Why, the very position which Dr. Ryan and others now seek to fill—that of an honorary surgeon to the Melbourne Hospital — is in itself the best, the biggest and the most cove'ed advertisement that any medical man can have. We trust the subscribers will administer a deserved snub to the Medical Society by electmg Dr. Springthorpe, and follow it up by sending Dr. Charli s Ryan in triumphantly, in spite of his terribly unprofessional conduct in having been born in Victoria, in having distinguished himself at Plevna and—worse crime of all in the medical Newgate calendar—in having told his qualifications to the Hospital subscribers. " Women's rights are not to be confined to the political and professional spheres of action, judging by a case which came before a suburban court the other day. The rising generation appear to think that if their older sisters feel a call to go in for political log-rolling, the young girls are entitled to work some of the many smaller swindles" which go to make life exciting. Two girls, aged respectively fourteen and thirteen, were brought up charged with obtaining money under false pretences. Their plan of proceeding was to carry round a bogus subscription list soliciting money in aid of a destitute widow. The magistrates ha\iug the fear of Mr. Deakin's imperative demand for an "explanation" before their eyes, decided to dismiss the case ou the understanding that the parents of these too clever young ladies would give them a sound thrashing. As these precocious maidens were not sent to gaol there has been no stir over the matter, but the case following so soon upon the instances of youthful criminality should cause the Government to give the question of juvenile crime and its punishment the gravest consideration. 1 here can be little doubt that the number of offences by childien is on the increase, and Parliament should make au effort to deal seriously and effectively with this matter, so as to save an unplcasant'y high percentage of habitual crime in the course of a few years. Ik there is one thing that we admire in this world, it is perseverance. Since our school days we have had a conspicuous reverence for the ad vie;.-, contained in the old rhyme— " If at first you don't succeed, Try, li-y, try again." The engine-drivers and firemen are certainly blessed with the virtue of perseverance. The management of the department under Mr. Allison Smith is not yet all that their fancy desires to paint it. They come back with their views on the matter, and as often as Mr. Speight, with a politeness that is painfully profound, puts them away, they get back on him again. In their own expressive language he is the Boa Constrictor that begins by slavering them, and finishes up by swallowing them; The engine drivers appear rather to like the slavering and swallowing process, for they are always ready to come up to time for another interview. It wiil be interesting to stand by and see who will get tired of it, first. We scu-cely think that it will be the Boa Constrictor, whose complacency—like the jealous man's revenge—hath stomach for them all. The Jubilee round of social festivities ma}' iiov be considered as at an end. His Excel'ency the (iovernor and the various mayors have played their parts in good style. Plain and fancy dress balls have followed in quick succession, and the fair sex have for the last few months been havinu; what the Americans call "a bully time of it.'' 'J hose high jinks are pretty well over, and will of course fall at once into theiimbo of "recollections, ' but they will long bs remembered by the guests as events that marked the most red lettered social calendar iu the Victorian era. We cannot allow them to be packed away amongst the "havebeens" without giving on behalf of our especial constituents, the ladies, a word of thanks to Sir Henry Loch and the various majors whose hospitalities during the year of Jubilee have made the colony by no means the least festive and jubilant place in Her Majesty's broad dominions Fou some reason or another the unemployed agitation seems to ba in a state of collapse, in spite of the desperate attempts of the agitators who elect themselves as leaders of such movements. There are still some of the unemployed hanging about, however, for we learn from a daily p°per that they held an open air meeting on the wharf on Sunday afternoon, which, however, did not appear to be a very great success. Persons will be puzzled to understand why the unemployed should select Sunday for their meeting, for as the public offices are closed on that day it would be useless to wind up in the usual manner by proceeding as a deputation to Mr. Nimmo. Sunday, therefore, was the worst possible day on which the unemployed could hold a meeting, and it is therefore most likely that there was an insurmountable objection to holding it on any other day of the week. Very likely the members of the " uuemp'oyed " could not '' get away from their work " on week days. What a tremendous price property in the city is fetching, to be sure. That block of buildings in Coll ins-street occupicd by Gemmell, Tuckttt and Go's auction rooms and Alston and Brown baa realised £1500 a foot. This is a tremendous price considering how far up the site is, but even this doesn't exceed in relative value what Parer Brothers paid for the land in Bourke- st'-eet their magnificent cafe stands upon, which was no less than £1350 per foot. We have heard so much about Buffalo Bill aifd bis "Wild West" show, now taking London by sti rin, that to an Australian—and especially to a bushman—the whole thingseems to be the greatest rubbish compared to what we could show here. I'iie great feature of the show is the riding of the Cowboys. When his mount begins to buck the Cowboy slips his leg over the saddle, till he sits xi'ieways, grips hold of the high pommel with one hand nnd of the croup of the saddle with the other. And so he sits it out, as inelegant a spectacle as one could see. Then the saddle, it must be remembered, is regularly fenced in, the high ridge in front, round which the lasso is wound, being in itself a regular barricade. Our bush buck-jumper liders, used to the ordinary stock-saddle, would simply scorn such an unwieldly contrivance as the Cowboy's saddle, and unlike Buck Taylor and his tribe, sit a bucking horse as easily as a rockingchair. They don't clutch hold of pommel or croup, and have no fence to keep them from falling off. The indignant protest of the ratepayers of Fitzroy against the conversion f the Duke of Edinburgh Gardens into a c metery for defunct dog< and cats who have given up iheir nine feline ghosts should prove a warning to too compliant local council ors. ft is scarcely likely that the councillors would knowingly perpetrate such a blunder as to countenance putting the gardens to such a use. In short, they didn t pay any attention to what they were doing, some of them going so far as to say that they had been "ear-wigged' by one of their lum ber. The forcible manner in which the ratepayer* are speaking out in the matter should make councillors a>*arc of the fact that they are elected to think before acting, and not merely to act ii^e puppets in respmse to the seductive tongue of au "ear- wigger." The councillor who has so convenient an ear to be " wigged" will very soon ba sent into private life with a flea in it. Although there may not exactly bs one law for the rich and auother f >r the poor in V^ictorii-, there is a very nurked distinction between what is law for the private individual or company and the Government Department. An hysterical, but nevertheless praiseworthy, crusade is taking placc against overcrowding the public. Church trustees, theatrical managers, cab and tram drivers arc obliged to becircumspect as to the number of passengers they carry, and workrooms aud factories must contain a certain specified number of cubic feet of space to each individual employed therein. How comes it then that the railway authorities are never prosecuted for the shameful overcrowding rendered absolutely unavoidable by the lack of sufficient accommodation ? If this state of affairs were but of recent occurrence the excuse of insufficiency of rolling stock might be pleaded, but the insufficiency of carriage accommodation has been a matter of common notoriety and public discomfort for ages past. Surely the commissioners, or whoever is responsible for the running of a Government department, should be able to meet the requirements of traffic without being compelled to adopt measures which, iu the case of private tradeis, would result iu fine or imprisonment. CURRENT mT&§-(Continued). THE Chinese Festival at the Exhibition will certainly tend to quiet the alarm of one section of the community with regard to a Chinese invasion. Cabinet-makers and the trades may view with apprehension the possibility of the yellow-skin s cheap labour monopolising all the custom of the Europeans, but it io pleasant to know that the musician is safe. Chinese music will never knock our liedertafels and our brass bands out in the estimation of the European residents of Australia. Chinese harmony may be cheap, but it has no show for all that against the time-payment piano. Even the everlasting girl practising her eternal exercises is a musical angel of the spheres whose company is infinitely preferable to Chinese music. THE Australian artists want to get on the Fine Arts Committee of the Exhibition, and a deputation of one or two, headed by Messrs. Coppin and Zox, interviewed Mr. Gillies on the subject. There never was a more distinct case of the three Tailors of Tooley-street, calling themselves " We the people of the'British Nation." Who the dickens are the Australian artists ? If an artist is wanted on the Fine Arts Committee,there is the director of the National Gallery. But for a few busybodies to jump up and interview the Premier to request that they should be represented on the committee is cheek indeed. If Mr. (-Sillies listens to the Tooley-street gentlemen he is easily sucked in. THE North Fitzroy people strongly object to dead horses and cows being buried in their Edinburgh Gardens. Really, the North Fitzroy people are getting too fastidious. They have been used to the Reilly-street drain for years, and surely after that the trifle in the Edinburgh Gardens can be of no moment. You can't annoy a Fitzroy man more than by saying, " Sweet Edinboro', I smell thee noo " VERY odd. Just as our engine-drivers' row was on here there was one at home. Have the Midland men an Allison Smith, who does not take off his hat when he speaks to them ? JAMES RINTOUL and Walter Ottaway are making the South Australian railways pay. By wire on Tuesday we learn that " At the police court to-day James Rintoul, stationmaster at Wirrabara, appeared on a charge of embezzling £127, and Walter Ottaway, stationmaster at Boi'dertown, was also charged with embezzling £'23 14s. 2d. Both were remanded." WE have no objection to offer to Prince Ferdinand of Saxe Coburg enteriug on his new duties as King of Bulgaria. But we strongly advise him to write his name in his hat, in case he gels lost. The last man who ran the Bulgarian throne had a rather rum experience. We wish Ferdinand all the 1 uck he gets. THE Chinese festival has been a great treat to us. The selections from Wagner were simply lovely and they la6ted the whole evening. The face of Herz was a study as he saw himself beaten on his own ground. Why doesn't Mr. Connorengage the Chinese oand for the Liedertafel ? The joy of the high class people would know no bounds. But they must not olay any consecutive fifths. We distinctly noticed Herr Wan Goon on Saturday night playing consecutive fifths on his unripe banjo, and All Tack was quite eight bars behind in Beethoven's ninety-eighth symphony. This must not be, nor must Che Hung mar the portmanto passages by his con e.rpressiono fingering of his tin-billycan. With these exceptions the Chinese gave Wagner's beautiful Op. 9, OS, and four-thirds most beautifully, and not even Keiley or Plumpton could have put their fingers on a fault. Can't we have a week of Chinese Wagner ? Sir Arthur Nicolson, now's your chance. FROM the D. T, of 9th August we clip this :— " Leave to appeal to tha Privy Council was yesterday granted to the defendant in the case of Stevens v.Morgan. It was brought to compel the specific performance of an agreement by the defendant to sell land at Prahran. At the trial the defendant was successful, but on appeal the plaintiff obtained judgment in liis favour." This seems now-a-days to be the process of law. Before one judge, plaintiff is successful; before another, defendant. Now in the old Stawell-Barry-Molesworth days, there was very little of this see-saw law. The judges seemed to agree on a commonsense interpretation of the law, and stuck to it. Today no two judges agree on anything. What one lays down as law the other pooh-pooh's as stuff and nonsense. What a time it is for lawyers, and how they arc piling up the costs. AFTER all that has been written, and said and printed against using kerosene to light the fire with, is it not more than astonishing to read this telegram from Sydney :—"A labourer's wife, named Wilkie, was severely burned oil Saturday through pouring kerosene on a fire. Her recovery is not expected." This is almost as bad as the boys who go out at Christmas time with a gun, and while one holds up the hammer the other blows down the barrel. LE CREN and Davidson still advise us that the intake at the Yan Yean is 40,000,000 per day, and the output only 14,000,000. Every hour is bringing us nearer tin; first hot wind day, and then as certain as the sun rises to-morrow the usual water famine will stalk the land, and Le Cren and Davidson will " go out and look at the Yan Yean reservoir." WELL, Ferry, we didn't think it of you. The first man that has ever backed down at a deadly French duel. What will Boulanger do now ? Ilis " honour " is in an unavenged state, and something must be done to put it right. »Ve don't, at this distance, like to be dogmatic, but if Boulanger got a suit of Ferry's clothes and stuffed them with straw, and cried Mr.Weller's theory of shooting, it might "avenge his honour." Ferry must be checked at all hazards. To be called the " St. Arnaud of the Cafes" is bad enough. What if Ferry should call him "the Maryborough and Dunolly of the dancing saloons ?"' p w e l c b I s t a h o t W t j o p n JUST to think of it! The flock-bedmakers don't dream of washing the flock ; they put in the beds, and here we have been for years sleeping on " tick and didn't know it." THE following good story comes from tke comosing room of one of our suburban papers, and as related to us by no less an authority than the ditor himself: "Just as we were going to press ast week," said he, "a slip was passed into the omposing room bearing the words, ' Room must e found for this—we want it set up very badly.' nside of three minutes the copy came back with a econd endorsement in one of the boy's scrawls— ' Can't be done. Nothing is ever set up badly in his office.' That boy," continued the editor, " has future before him, but I regret to say that a eavy boot, inhabited by a large and muscular foot, vertook that future, and the boy has not been able o sit down all the week." MR. R. L. J. ELLERY has been lecturing at the orking-man's College on "Tenants of Space." Yarra bank ^loafers, we presume—we didn't read he lecture. KATKOEF is dead ! and a deputation of 21 French ournalists were present at the wake and put wreaths on his coffin. Beautiful vision. When ur own Knockitoff (we allude to our editor) knuckles down will French journalists come and ut flowers on his silent tomb? (He's got a koff ow, and if lie doesn't take care it will settle on his lungs, and the French journalists may get a show.) THOSE terribly abused and over-worked officials, the Railway Commissioners, have not, it appears, returned a negative to the question '' Is life worth living ?" A little story, which leaks out through the medium of the Maryborough Standard, would imply that Mr. Speight and his colleagues are determined to try and bear up in the days of their affliction, for we are told that the splendid saloon carriage built for the travelling convenience of the Railway Commissioners was greatly admired by some of the Maryboroughites on Friday. One gentleman, in scrutinising the exquisite workmanship on the walls, inquisitively touched a small knob. Immediately the sharp peal of an electric bell was heard in the adjoining compartment, from which a waiter in his shirt sleeves emerged awaiting the gentleman's orders. We presume that the waiter expected to receive an order to serve up another deputation hot with sugar. 