A Trial of Portable Engiaes- The "Engineer," a leading English journal, cofumentft upon a recent trial of portable engines held in Melbourne, in connection with the National Agricultural Society's show. After recounting the circumstances of the ol f Via 1 TT.yiiVin aam'' mavvi a «1»n V C llf K «na tM lai vuu ajugluqcl adiuntxvo itouqto 1u all this a very curious picture of colonial life. All the parties concerned, from the judges down, appear to have been in blissful ignorance of the very rudiments of that knowledge essential to the conduct of an engine trial worth the name. The judges, indeed, do not seem to have clearly understood what it was they had to find out. No contradiction has appeared, so far as we are aware, of the ridicu lous decimals contained in their report, and no explanation of what they refer to. The only ghost of an explanation is that the judges have worked by minutes instead of hours. Yet this theory will not bear the test of examination. For instance, 172 mul tiplied by 60, equal to 10 321b. , and the engine must have burned more than this per hour as total consumption, while it is a great deal too much per horse per hour. It is possible, how- ATTAM 4-<l nl MAA »AnA AMA thin QVQl j vutkll uliQ iUVL WOO IVViMj muuj vnAilig vU10 to be only one-third as efficient as coal, then 101b. would probably be nearly right. But fancy a report worked out to minutes ! Again, what a picture does the whole transac tion about the indicator represent ! With less than two indicators to be worked simultaneously, it whs not easy to get any minutely accurate result. The judges ap parently knew nothing about the instrument ; at all events, Mr. Lewis, who had borrowed it from Professor Kernofc, would not trust them with it. We think we may say that so funny an engine trial was never before made. It may or may not be desirable that competitive trials of portable engines should be carried out in Australia. Whether it is or cot is a subject open to discussion ; but there can be no doubt that, if the trials are made at all, they should be made in such a way as to be beyond reproach. Reports on trials, may be either very useful, or very much the reverse, to home firms — wbo are, we may add, compara tively helpless in the hands of their agents. It may not be very easy, for example, for the vovtserenfon n» a f a annmnaa aal awiui uiiu icpiuocuvcu vi jr A, uu vvufiugo buyers that they have taken no part whatever in the trial under consideration; that it has been carried out against their express wish ; and that they do not recognise it as anything more than a huge joks. We trust that the National Agricultural Society of Australia will be more careful in future. The society will not add to its reputation by permitting trials such as this was to be fathered on it ; and the reputation of colonial engineers as a body will not be enhanced by the voluminous — shall we add scandalous — correspondence which has appeared in the Melbourne papars." 