€ r n m t i & Sun. Show. Clear. Garner's. HiB Grace. Grand day. Theatre Royal. The Albert Bells. " Forty Thieves." Chrysanthemums. Yanyarie has a ghost. Archbishop Reynolds. Strike of medicos soon. Brisk trade in medicine. Hon Samuel scolding again. S.s. Palmerston afloat again. Sydney wants a Town Clerk. Typhoid very bad at Sydney. Dividend by Parkside Tram. Register Summary on Monday. A Judge on strike In Brisbane. Oroya for London on Monday. Grand Old Woman home again. Barometer at noon to-day, SO'14. Forty pearling boats annihilated. All Honner to the Magill parson. 70 members in Union Parliament. Barossa goldfield again looking np. 1 Old Emperor of Brazil seriously ilL Ropesend wanted for Protector boys. Women's Jubilee Fahds going ahead. Chrysanthemum Show this afternoon. Some 550 pearlers have lost their lives. We have got one enthusiast amongst us. Citizens puzzled over that medicine-maH. Regicide trials now on at St. Petersburg. Inspector Schnabell likely to be released, Honse-warming at Way College to-morrow. Canadians want to lead John Ball by the nose, Antwerp wool sales show a decline of £d, told. Show of chrysanthemums open till 10 to night. Storm waters driving out the Sydney coalminers. Our population at the end of March waa 307,546. Henniker Heaton sat upon by Sir Saul Samuel. Western Australian pearling fleet destroyed. Enterprise won the Two Thousand Guineas. Mr. Hebditch's address will be published to-morrow. Canadian Parliament condemns the Irisli Crimes Bill. DentiBts now looking out for billets as Corner-men. Stowaways are not likely to sneak into ths Iberia again. Signor Mara, Governor of Timor, has been assassinated. Two members of Union Parliament have gone up higher. Gift of £25 for Blind School yesterday. It's an ill wind, &c.; The entry-money to Union Parliament has been abolished. An old friend of Herr Reimers knocking Yanyarie. Camplimentary dinner to Dr. Morison at last night. Mr. W. C. Calder again Speaker of the Union Parliament. "A cowardly, malignant fellow'' goi Sammy's dander up. Our unpaid defenders are anxious to appear in soldierly uniform. Fifteen prisoners arraigned over the attempt on the Czar. Bank of England rate yesterday reduced from 2^ to 2 per cent. Beefacres Estate withdrawn from sale ia Melbourne yesterday. Population of the colony lower than it was at this time last year. Treasury receipts on account of land for March, £6,589 12s. Id. Five stowaways by the Iberia bundled on shore at Diego Garcia. That enthusiastic parson forgets the miracles and the manna. Heaton's penny postal fad likely to be shunted to next Conference. Dominion Premier advises his countrymen to mind their own business. Volunteers want something more attractive than their Quaker dress. Second mate of the Caitloch admits having broached cargo with the crew. Western Australian sleepers for Silverton Tramway arrived at Port Pirie. Even the local police trooper believes iu that weird knocking at Cradock. Neglect to carry side-lights in future to be punished by the highest penalty. Mr. R. Searle's resignation as Genera? Secretary of the Y.M.C.A. accepted. Rev. A. Honner's scheme is for the settlement of 300,000 people in this colony. G.O.M.'s piping still falls fiat upon the obdurate ears of his Unionist friends. .Lack of strongroom accommodation in Wellington Post and Telegraph Office. Mr. W. G. Torr and his nephew have passed their first examination at Oxford. Jury decided that Mary Ann Paynter poisoned herself while mentally afflicted. Earl aud Countess of Aberdeen left foe New Zealand, en route for San Francisco. Sun rose at 6.36 a.m.; sets at 5.18 p.m. Moon rose at 11.37 a.m.; sets at 10.4 p.m. Proposed to resuscitate the Adelaide- Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society. Commissioner of Crown Lands believes in his agricultural blocks going off successfully. Newsboys offering to have their teeth, drawn for a shilling each—stamps given in. Gladstonites' patience about exhausted—. Unionists may now paddle their own canoe. Lord Rosebery is afraid a permanent split in the Liberal party must now be reckoned upon. The Conservator of Water will shortly begin to value tbe 1SSS leases' improvements. Corner nearly turned—Parsons Honner, Taylor, and Cotton laying their heads together. Bishop Kennion leaves for England in March next to attend the Pan-Anglican Conference. Parson Cox couldn't miss the chance of throwing his ice-water over that big immigration scheme. Two-thirds of the work in the Surveyor- General's Department is onneoessary, says Hon. Samuel. Mr. A. von Doussa intends to appeal against the decision of Mr. Beddome ia the totalizator caBe. Mr. Service insists upon the New Hebrides question being settled before the Conference delegates disperse. What is it to be—blue and scarlet or rifle green? How would yellow harmonize wick the general feeling! Is it not about time Speaker of Union Parliament was knighted ? Wait till the Exhibition honours are distributed. It is said that a baker has invented a new kir.d of yeast, which makes bread so light that 1 lb. of it weighs only 8 oz. New mail contracts with Orient and P. and. O. Companies expected to be signed soon, agreements being lor eight years. Quotation for to day—April in England:— Now bank an' brae ar« claithtd in green, Au' scattered cowslips sweetly spring. Agricultural grazing blocks of from 4,000 13 20,000 acres are being numerously applied for,, the rent being from id. to 2d. per acre. A demonstration by school children, a free dinner for the poor, and an illuminated city will be included in our Jubilee celebrations. Will the Ministry propose an increase to the Governor's salary on account of tha extraordinary number of visitors to Government House ? A prudent and parsimonious old lady, who lived in one of the Western Isles of Scotland, took the following method to get rid of tha visitors and strangers who came to her house. Having set before her guests an ample Highland breakfast, she said, towards the conclusion of the meal—"Pray, take a good breakfast; there is no saying where yoa may. get your dinner." A well-known French savant suggests that sulphur should be carried on board every ship for use in case of fire. THalf a hundredweight of snlphnr will be sufficient to abstrMt the whole of the oxygen from 3,500 oabic feet o£ air, thus unfitting it to support combustion ; and the writer remarks that in a dosed "P*?.® like a ship's hold the burning of snlphor will prevent fire from rising and spreading if puns be taken to properly close the hatches. 