A>~GL1CAXIS1L Canon Chalmers concluded his sermons upon ' Church Questions" at St. Paul's Church last Sun day evening, the subject being " Anglicanism* (the Church of England). The rev. gentleman took as his teat:—" And the daughter of Zioa is left as a cottage In a vineyard, as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers,as a beaeged'eity." In the words of the text they had a prophetic description of the Jewish Church in an age of religious decay and departnre from the truth. But she "was still loyal to her Sovereign, though surrounded by loss, lie had often been struck with the spiritual analogy between that position of Cod's ancient church, and the position in Christendom of that national branch of Christ's JJoly Catholic Church which they spoke of as " the Church of Eng land." In some" points, of course, the likeness failed. In the niart/»r of visible communion with other churches, she stood comparatively alone. "With the great Greek Church she was dally growing more intimate t and to some other churches of the East the Church of England, at their request, was affording help and instruction. But with the Roman Church friendly relations were scarcely possible. as unconditional surrender to the Pope was always to be withstood as xm-Christiau, and uri-Catholie. Towards the reformed or Protestant bodies they desired to act with all sympathy and ntaghboriiaess. Al luding to her isolation. Canon Chalmers said it was her misfortune rather than her fault. "She was isolated because she could cot consort with either extreme." But the Anglican communion, the English xacx». was no longer insular. In the United Kingdom, rir-i Asia, Africa, the Australian colonies, anil the West Indies, she had flourishing branches, governed by 200 bishops, most of them being united in province?, under 12 metropolitans or primates, and the churches the}* governed were established, disestablished, or, as in Australia, un established. lu three provinces only, out of 12, that was to say in England and India—the latter only in part—had the Church any relation of dependence on the action of the civil government. What, then, were the}* to 0f the unhistorical statement of the Roman Catholic preacher (which was the iuunedi i ate cause of those sermons) that "the Anglican bishops derived their authority from Queen Victoria and the Privy Council V Only one- fourth of their number , any relation to the State at all; the remaining three-fourths were elected by the free choice of the clergy and laity of the particular church in which they were afterwards to rule, as was the universal practice cf Christendom in the ages next the apostles, in England and India, where State churchism pre vailed, they merely conceded to the sovereign the right of nomination to bishoprics, such as was usual enough in Western Christendom under Papal domination, and was exercised occasionally by the civil powers in the case of the Popes themselves ; and if any mau told bTm (Canon Chalmers) that the bishops of the Anglican church anywhere derired their autho rity from the Crown, then he was either very igno rant or very untruthful. As the candidate for the episcopate humbly kneels before the altar of God, the consecrating prelates solemnly lay their hxndsupon his head, and the word ox power Is spoken ;—"Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Bishop in the Church of God, now com mitted unto thee by the Imposition of hands, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." It was then through that solemn ordina tion that they derived their spiritual authority from the representatives of the Church's Lord and Head. At the c*o-e of the Vatican Council in 1S70, a great Roman eccleriastiewas said to have exclaimed—"Thank God, we have done with history r* fcnt they (Angli cans), on -the contrary, made their appeal to history.. Canon Chalmers then traced the history of the British Church from the first preaching of the Gospe in Britain—probably in the first century— down o the Reformation, when it cast oil the usurp power of Rome. Canon Chalmers, in conclu sion.; aidt—"Hie heritage of faith and orders to whico tre cling, has come down to us from Christ and His apostles, and from the days when the Church they founded and bunt up was one visible communion— one and undivided. Ret us endeavor, by God's grace, so to hold and maintain it that we may transmit it untxepa red to those who come alter us, neither despoHed by Protestant divisions nor disfigured by the novelties of Rome" 