Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 22. THE TRIPLE GHOST. By Alexander Montgomery. "What d'ye think, though, of a triple ghost?" It was JackMtttin who put the question, as he leant over the fence of the home paddock at Karamilla station, one blazing Sunday forenoon in December. jack—his local capacity of stockman to the contrary notwithstanding—was a gentleman; there could be no doubt of that. Good education—good manner?—good heart—but not that important something which is so tersely yclept "ballast," and for lack of which—to oarry-the figure farther—the argosyof Jack's existence had suffered greivotts ana repeated damage, if not actual shipwreck. But,-by a natural compensation, it is not seldom given to these flighty sonls to take the world more easily than their fellows, and thus it was that Mr. John Martin," yarning" there, that morning, with an bid blue shirt on his back and. an archaio "cabbage-tree" over his good-natured countenance, was as cheerful as if he had not been the son of an >aristocratic Lincolnshire rector, and brother to half-a-dozen high- bred young women in far-away England. If Jack was cheerful, however, his story was not, and the smile of incredulity upon the faces of his listeners soon gave way to that look of breathless fixity which tells of the power of the bom raconteur. AU - this was Jack, and, as I was myself one of the listeners aforesaid, I can testify that the story made a deep impression on me at the time. It may not likewise a&eot; you, but at anyrate here it is. "It was six years ago," said Martin, and jtiBt after I'd bad that cropper over the wire fence at Carmiohaers on the'Gonlbum. As I've told you before, I was pretty wellem ashed op on tbat occasion, and as soon as I could be moved I was sent down to the hospital in Sydney. Here I pulled round at a rate tbat astonished the doctors—who, between ourselves, don't know everything yet, and so In less than a month I was able to get abont again pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow TTho had come into a bit of money while he was working with me on Carmichael's station. Either a Swede or a Norwegian he was—with Halk Bjorren for hft name. A decidedly queer fish he was, too, but not a bad sort in the main, andsb, as he and I had been pretty friendly, I thought I'd look him up and pay him a visit. Iknewhis place was on the coast, and I thought a spell in the sea-air would be just the thing for me. " Well, to cut matters short, another week found me about a hundred miles' up to' the northward, at a place' called—I think— Whandamo. That's something like it, anyhow ; and it don't matter much, for it was a miserable dog-hole enough — stuck in the middle of a scrub-covered flat, bordered on one side by low sandhills. Beyond these sandhills was the sea, and, about a mile off along the coast, Mr. Halk Bjorren was domiciled in a hut that looked as if it had been built from the timbers of a wreck. Ao indeed, perhaps it had, for there had been a good few Bhipa driven aBhore thereabouts, from time to time, and the Whandamo people had some curious tales about the ghosts of the drowned, and so forth. At these, of oonrse, I laughed—but not for long! " I'm not nervous, and I'm not BuperBtitious, bnt before a week went over myhead I got the biggeet fright that ever befell me in my life. "Well, I fossicked Bjorren out, and though he omitted the trifling formality of saying that I was welcome, he made me feci it, which was better. Indeed, he was a man who never said muoh at any time—a strange, tall, lanky, long-nosed, wide-eyed creature, who always suggested to me a sort of Scandinavian version of Lytton'B Biccabocca, tfnd who was not without a fair share of Biccabocca's learning either. I know he was well read in the classics, for one thing. Indeed if it had not been for his book?, I don't know what he'd have done with himself. He didn't seem to employ himself in anything but mooning about the shore, and, as he didn't volunteer any information on the point, I didn't ask him any questions. " A dreary shore it was; nothing but sand and scrub as far as the eye coald reach. Put me a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire; but, as you mav guess, I didn't like it any the worse for that, and so for a couple of days I wandered abont, thinking of old times, and trying to fancy that if I topped the sandhois I should see the Bpire of Lincoln Cathedral looming far aoross the fens. " Well, I think it was the fourth night I'd been at the place, there was a full moon. I was wandering about with Bjorren's gun on my arm when I saw her rising out of the sea, like — but that's what everybody gushes about, so 111 just let it alone. I will Bay, though, that when she was fairly up it was easy to see that ehe was no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn't shining through Lincolnshire air at anyrate. I was .always fond of speculating about the moon, and as I strolled slowly along, I was gazing steadily at her big red orb, when there suddenly rang out behind me a shriek so blood-curdling that I started violently and dropped the gun into a pool of sea-water. Nor did I think ot picking it up, for when I turned round, I saw a eight that drove everything else clean out of my head. Within aboatthree hundred yards of me, and running in my direction, was a woman. A small, slightframed woman, she seemed, with long, dark clothes "and naked feet. I could see them twinkle white along the sand as she ran. No!—she was a tall woman, with a white dresB, and what seemed to be a knife in her hand. No 1 I said to myself a second time— wondering with a swift flash of the mind if my senses wer^ leaving me—as I now saw no woman at all, bnt a man, within a hundred yards of me and still running on. A tall roughly-dressed man, with whaLpppeared to be a tomahawk in his left- hand—I saw his face distinctly—white as death and fringed with a ragged beard that blew over his shoulder as he came. "Helplessly I gazed at him, until when he was, or seemed to be, about fifty yards from me, he quickly shifted the tomahawk from his left hand to his right. That broke the spell! There was something so natural and human in the action that my wits came back to m^ in a moment, and down I stooped for the gun. I couldn't shoot with it now, I knew, but I could use it as a club. Well, boys, I didn't have to use it at all. ''When I stood up with it grasped by the muzzle in both hands—the man was gone 1"—and Jack, with true dramatio art, came here to a dead pause and began slowly to cut up tobacco. " Gone ?" I asked. " Bun away again, do you mean?" • " No, sir! Gone!—disappeared!—vanished 1" " Come, come, Jack 1" I said, laughing. " That's the stereotyped sort of thing, you know 1 Yon should have finished things off with more originality 1" " Den't it strike you," said Jack, gravely, that it's just beoause I'm telling the truth that I haven't finished ofi, as you say, in a less stereotyped manner ? Were I stuffing you, ft« we my beresboats, nothing would hare been easier than to give matters a mors. original turn." " Perhaps you had some' hard stall' with you, and saw double?' said Billy Anderson, the red nosed little cook, who was a thirsty soul, and spoke according to MB lights, -."Sawp-eble, ynu mean !" put in the ^toreman, wno was the wit of the station— " thoagh thal'd but a hase insinuation." . Martin shook his head. "Nohoys,"he said. " Strange to say, I hadn't at that time tasted any i'qaorfor over four months. If I wasn't downright out ot my mind for about thirty seconds—for it all passed in that time —I saw exactly what I tell you. andc-xaotly as I tel you.' " Was there nothing that could have conaeal?d the figure?*' l asted. Nothing. Flat as the palm of yourhand for half a mile on every side of me.. But hear me out 1" and, having lighted his pipe, Jack hitched himself further upon the fence and went on— . • 4 " I oannot desoribs to yon how I felt. It seemed to me as if the whole scene around me bad suddenly turned unreal and ghastly. The yeiy moon seemed to have changed into some awful thing—some fearful personality, if you understand me—that kept glaring downwards on me as I made the best of my way babk to the hut. "•Here I saw something that wasn't at all calculated to steady my nerves. Bjorren was asleep, and apparentlydreaming—Bome awful dream, by the look of himHis hair—very long and shaggy it was—WAS tossed all about the pillow, and his face was streaming with peroration. He kicked about, too, *nd struggled, and at last he cried out ffometbing that made tne start once more.; * The axe 1' he said—' the tomahawk J My God I she's down!' I went over and shook him till he woke. ' What's the matter, old mail ?' I«aid. ' Have you been dreaming ?' He cat up, shudd»ring and wiping the damp from iiis face. ' Dreaming 3' he said. * Yes, thank God it was only a dteam.1' Then, when he had come round a bit, he told me his dream; and—you may belieye me or not, lads, said Jack,slowly . and deliberately^" but this is what he told me." ~ " " He thought first, he said, that he saw-far hack into the early times of the. colony, and that three persons, a man and_ two women, occupied the very hut we were in. It eeemed to be known to him at the same time that these were the aole enrvivors of a shipwreck, and that the man had- built the hut out o! wreckage. The man, too, heeeemed to know, had/formed an attachment to the younc^rof th£ two women, and thus aroused the deadly jealousy of the other, who was bis wife. And now, as the dreamer 4»w them; a quarrel arose. A quarrel which grew more and more ravage, until the injured wife snatched op -a knife and attacked her rival, who rushed screaming out of the hut. Across the moonlit sands she fled—after her the maddened avenger with a knife, and after her. in turn the faithless husband with a tomahawk." ' " Bipidly the second gained upon the&st;,, -and the third upon both, untU the. bunted woman was overtaken, and threw herself down upon her. knees, ecreamitg wildly for meroy. She did not receive it I . The lury withthe knife flung herself upon her rival, and, holding her down by mainetrength—iqut her throat 1 It was the work of a moment, but, before the murderess could rise, to her tfeet again, the husband arrived upon the spot, and, shifting the tomahawk from hia left-hand to his right, he drove itfieroelyinto his wife's skull. Down she went beside her victim, and lay there as y motionless—and AS dead—as a log. The i&ah;, too, remained aa* motionless, after he had striiok the hlow, as if he had been tarned into stone.. Far a few . moments,'that is; then he flung tiie tornahawk far away across the sand, and, turning round, made for the hut like a madman. Arrived there, he lost not" a moment, but, frantic with horror and remorse, climbed upon the roof, made a line fast to the rude ehimney, andhung himself! " Saoh was Bjorren's dream," went on Jack, after a pause," and I leave you to guess what effect it had upon me, Mining after what Td seen. And what was more; lads, when morning came we examined the outside of the chimney, and found, sure enough, a piece of rotten old quarter-inch made fast around it. It might have been the remains of the line the murderer hanged himself with, or it might v not. Yotl can form your own opinion; all .1 know is that I've described the matter exactly as it occurred,' and that I cleared out of the aocursed place that very day. As for Bjorren^. concluded Jack, getting down cS the fence to depart," he may be there yet, for all I know. He was just the sort of chap to suit suab ghostly work, but one such flight in a lifetime's enough for this individual. Why, to this day, I can't bear the eight of the full moon." ' * This was true enough. We had all noticed and Iaughad tit the peculiarity in question, though whether it had its origin in the manner described is ia point which I have never— . whatever yoa, reader, may do—been able to settle to my own satisfaction. A subsequent occurrence, however, induced me to think it possible that the whole story was the morbid emanation ofa brain trembling—though wa knew it not—on the' verge of insanity. No* is this supposition invalidated by' the art with which the tale was fold, since it is a matter of common experience that InnatioB will sometimes exhibit, in some particular mental direction, a Fkill and addrras almoBt beyond the capabilities of the sane. *» » » ». .* » * • In the month of February '75, or about fourteen monthe after hearing the story I have here reproduced, I was on my way to the Wannamilla country, in Queensland, and had got as far as Jelligap, on the Maodonald Biver. Just before dark, I was smoking my pipe at the door of the little hotel, when two troopers galloped into the township and pulled up for a drink. Their horses showed the marks of a hard ride, and there waa soon a little crowd round the hotel door, to know what was the matter. The general opinion inclined to bushrangers, and it was with something like disgnst that the Jelligapians learned it was only a lunatic the troopers were after. A man^on Colonel Masterman's Yaruna station had, it appeared, suddenly gone out of his mind, and, after firing twice at tba overseer, had mounted his horse and taken to the bush. " We're bound to have him before morning, though," said one of the constables. "He was seen taking the track to Donnelly's Fork and that's as good as a rat trap to him." Aqd so it proved. About eight next morning the troopers rode into the township again with the lunatio—still on his own horse, but bound and handcuffed—between them. Something in the poor creature's face etrook me as being familiar. I went closer. Good God 1 —it was Jack Martin ! "Jack!" I cried. "Jack Martin—yon know me, don't you, old fellow?" He ilaughed chcerfuHy. "Oh, yeB," he said, "I know you quite well. You're the Angel Gabriel. What have you done with - your wings, though ? Excuse my not raising ' my hat, but you see"—with a glance at his bonds—" there are serious mechanical difficulties in the way 1" " Where are you taking him ?" I asked tba troopers. ' " Magistrate and doctors, first, sir—then I suppose, to Brisbane Asylum?" And to Brisbane Asylum poor Jaok went; but he didn't stay there long. Three weeks afterwards I was in Brisbane, and called to see him. " Martin ?" said the clerk, turning over the leaves of the'book. " Martin, John. Ah, here it is I Admitted, 23 February; died, 1 27th. Four days afterwards, you see." I did see; and saw, too, that it waa better so. « " 