TBE HE-OPENING OP ST. PAUL'S CBUPvCU. The above church, which Iras been closed, for repairs, during (lie past four weeks, was re opened yesterday (Trinity Sunday), when the Kev. C'anou Putter, A). A., of St. Mary's, IIotuaiti, and chaplain of Trinity College, Melbourne, preached both morning and oveniug. At the former service Canon Potter chose the following words as hiB text :—" Tho grace of tho Lord Josus Christ, and the lovo of God, and the communion of tho iloiy Ghost, ba with you all. Amen." The re v. gentleman said that that blessing came at the end of tho epistle (of which it formed part) just as Trinity Sunday came at tho close of tho Christian festival. In the two epistles, which were closely connected, tho apostle had been teaching the Church ail the main fact3 and doctrines of Christianity, and had said much with reference to the conduct of its membcrB : that their faith must affect their conduct, and that their oondnct must be governed by tbeir fnitb. The apo9tlo was evidently prepared to deny the reality of any faith, howsoever plausibly expressed, which did not show itself in conduct ; and at the close of his exhortation he dismissed the Church with the he nediction of the text. Throughout the year the Church commemorated tho main facts of the history of Christianity, and based its doctrine npon those facts : ths birth of Jesus Christ; His icsurrection and uscon. sion ; and the coming of the Holy Ghost;— all of whioh were placed in successive review before tho congregation, who were loft to meditate upon sin and thuineaus whereby the rcdemtion of mankind waobeiug carried into effeot. The Church declared in the plains! • possible teims that none could attain to life everlasting until he had faith in God tho Father, God theSon,andGod tlrefloly Ghost. Somo people thought that if a good man left the world before ho had attained to 'such a fuitlrjas to be able tojexpross himsolf in the language of the Church, he could noCattaiu to everlasting life; but the Church said nothing of the kind. Bather, i the Church said plainly that " they who baye dono pood shall go into'lifo ever lasting. ' Of courec, if a good man hid not fully attaiued to a right faith in tjis world, be would have to attain to it in the world to come ; for the Church Bays that all who aspire to eternal life must first behove in God the bather, God the Son, aud God the Holy Ghost. In order to make « right use of that passage it wan ueccssaiy to state tiuthfully the doctrine of the Trinity in Unity. The Church of England allowed the appeal to JJoly Scripture ; bo it would bo necessary for him to show them that the Catholic doctrine of Trinity in Unity might be supported in all its pa its by the statements of prophets and evangelists contained within (he Old and the New Testament. The present was a time of much diffusion of knowledge ; and the plague for 14 little learning 3i was very much more common, insomuch that every person they met would he ready to expouud for them the very dcrj e^t problem?, and would coupider himself a competent critic of all things, both human and divine ; and the Church must t» ach such persons humility, by being itself humble. It mus-t dwell with its children as a wise and loving Mother. For those persons were its children still, although many of them repudiated their parentage. It must tell tin-in quietly, kindly, and houeslly, that God's message, "which it is its task to deliver, is not unreasonable, but rather that it delivered them in the time of the most pressing need. So it would be necessary for them to see that the Catholic doctrine of Trinity in Unity supplied the inmost necessities of their nature. Then, this is what the Church declared: God Almighty, the Maker of all things, revealed Himself toman in theTrinity of Persons : lie revealed Himself as their Father. Neverthe less, they had brokcu God'o commandments and (limed away from Him • and yet He led them, in spite of all their sins and failings, with a Father's love. God revealed Himself to llieui as the man in Christ Jo-ns the Sou of the Father, Who took their human nature upon Him, and tuHered even to death ; Who wa9 tempted like as thoy were, and yet knew no sin. in order that llo Himself might he toucher] with the feelings of their iulirmities and heeome the sacrifice by which they, being made one with Him, were reconciled to God. And further God revealed Himself to them as tho Holy Spirit—the iife-giving, the sanctifying, the comforting spirit, which supported them in the strife autl troubles of the world, and guided them with all truth ; which put into their mindd good desires and helped them to bring tho same to good effect ; anil God, who revealed Himself to them iu three Persons, was blessed for ever and ever. There wore thus three distinctive Persons in the one God-head ; hut they were not to be confounded. Such was the doctiiuo of theTrinity in Uuily as L.udit by tbe Church. The Fatherhood of God was repeatedly alluded to in tbe Old and Now Testaments. Tho Lord had taught them to say "Our Father," and the relation iu which they stood iu that respect was tho same relation in which Christ Himself stood —God was their Fa thor— God was His Father. Christ, tiie Son of the Father, revealed to them the fact that they stood as the adopted sonsofGod, "whereby we cry, Abba, Father." j And so Jesus Cbriht was God manifest in | the flab. And then, concerning the third statement—that God revealed Himself to them [Ijstha Holy Spirit—they would remember tnat tbe LordgJcaus Christ, iu the snppir room, tho night before He was betrayed, is stated by St. John to have promised them tbe Comforter to bo sent from tho Father ' They also found St. Peter calling the Uoly | Spirit by tho name of God, and so they leai noil from I-lolv Scripture that there was ono God, not three Gode—uuiti d and indivisible ; and all who rr jecb that doctrine reject tho authority of Scripture itself Their reason told them that there was One who was tho Cause of all filings, and the fuitiler they wont back the more euro were they that such Supreme Cause was past finding nut, and could not be measured by human reason ; and that they could net but recoguiso iu that Supiemo Cnuso the source of all life and of all they enjoyed, Instead of a Supreme Deing before whom tlu-y would otherwise sink in terror in God they could recognise a loriu-' Fathor. Thus, tho Catholic doctrine answered tho cravings of their ii:mo; fc uaturo : it comforted them in sorrow : it strengthened them iu weakness ; and it gave them hope in death, At the con clusiou of the sermon Canon Potter congra tulated the congregation upon tho beautiful appearance of the church, and said that like as nor Lord had accepted the box of ointment fiOQi tlie iioiimu, so also would Heappreciatc theirefforts to beautify Hi-temple. A service for children and others was held during the afternoon, Cmiou Chalmers officiating. In the evening the church was crowded, and Can on Potter again preached. The singing at loth services waa up to the usualst mdard of excellence, Mr IV. D. Goodall presiding at tho orgau. The collections at all the services were for the repairs and renovation fund. Daily morning prayer Mill bo resumed tliis week, beginning to-day. 