(TollimiU The Gliost* About the roar 1850 1 was op ono of our English India ships bound from Boston to Calcutta. Wc arrived off the Capo of Good Hopo with fair weather to that point, bat, ni'ry (Hie w is on the lookout now lor a blow from some r|tiiiitri. Ibo perilous c\i inn"? one of the lookouts during the midwiitoh'hnd insisted he bad neon tlio Flying Dutchman, and every ono knows that when Unit, in tlio case a blow or bad weather in some shapo is wire to emne. And coma it did with n vengennen, for the very next night tho wind died down to n culm, then suddenly jumped out from thu luir'west bull-end first i Six i.t' tho old tars went tumbling up the weather main rigginjr, and wero urged on by the gruff voice. o( the second mate, n thorough old sea-dog, who fanj; out, "Come, benr a hnnd there, you lubbers, and get ?n deck njjftinl" And on deck they were again. sooner Ihun he or tho mon expected j for just nethoy showed th?ir hcadrt over the "top" adorn) sepulchral voice culled out, " Hlows hnrti, ?Tuck I" They were stngfj?rtd, nnd for an in stant hesitated, when tho fenrful voice repeated, " Klows lmrd, Jnckl" Thnt was enough; th'.'ir superstitious fears overcame them, and they did not stop till tho deck wn* reached. lty tins tune, the Captain and unto wore on deck, and woie astonished to see nix of the best men on the chip cumo tumbling down, whilo the main-tiip-Rallmit soil nnd roynl were slatting iutbebnntlinesfts though they would blow aw ay at every (lap. " What's Ihc matter J Why didn't you furl those saiM" paid the Captain. " Matter enough," said an old suit. "You don't get mc in that main-top to-night. 1 wouldn't give much for nnyonc who goes up, cither, for I not only saw the ghost, or what ever it is, but heard" him talk." This was too much for the old skipper. Tho idea of logins; all his anils because thxro was n ghost in thomnin-lnpvtns too much for him, vane called foi volunteer, nml fitaitcd op the rign' ,l ?! foltoivjd by hi* two mates only. ?Not another man would go. Tho*e wlio bad been up bad seen nml heard enough, nnil those who hadn't did not care to risk it. Well, the old skippcrnnd his mates fared no better than Ibe men, for hardly had their heads reached ovcr'tho " tcu> rim " tlmn, in the same nwXul, blood-curdling tones, c-ame to their ears tho words, ?? Mows hard, Jack 1" nnd there, right in the "dubliin" of the tho Cnptaln caught* night of two glnr lug oyes, tttid a long while nrm reached down .is Uto clutch him, nnd down they nil pcim perccl to the deck its fast m their logs would take them, About daylight Ihc sic ward dUcovcrrd that a pet parrot belonging to the skipper had es caped from hi* cage, nml was gone, probably blown ovcrboftid nnd lost in the gale. I'olly had, however, by hard work, managed 'to alight in the main-top, wbero sho bad slowed herself In the " rtiiblins l\ of the mast, and was holding on for dear Ufa until she was rescued in tho tngniing. ' ftTho. 'main-top-gallanl studding sail was lashed in the weather top-mast, rigging, nnd the clew had blown adrift, and happened to flop down fttlht; Captain na be went over the ?' top" in the blntk dnrknfcsj, nnd so waa easily magnified into n ghostly arm, nnd Polly tnto the frightful ghoet. ' 