CORRESPONDENCE. . tSl2, — A .number oi us boys wlio were tnem- berx or the band formed by Mr Coortney, late of No. 119 school, have our fifes, end if we could get the drums belonging to the school we \- could form a good band to play f<T the scholars , on the' Queen's Jubileri Day. Cannot this he dorife?— Yours. &c..; ' WILLIE. , June >j. | bi. : .Biii,— There appeared in one of your late \- issues a report of an attempt a- incendiarism on . the property of 3Ir It. Allen, of Waltner. I have waited in vain for a foil investigation to be made -into tbis vindictive act, if such an attempt was -made. Permit me to make known a few facts, in justice to the neighboathood in which this is alleged to bare been done. I have known the ' inhabitants for -many y-.-ars as industrious, honest, and lyroourahle, and incapable of such an act. Speaking to one of Her Alajesty's ser vants the other day on this subject, lie said, " In my opinion the inhabitants were peaceful : andinoocent, and that such reporis had never been made. u> . the district untd made by Air Allen." Now, is it likely that a sane person . would risk his reputation by attempting to burn down the building reported 7 In the first place, look at the mode used of se'tmg fire lo a box ' Containing a few tools lying iu a building which is not inflammatory, the roof excepted. I am informed by good authority that the rnii-'hy is built of stones, wattleand dsub, and the roof it covered with about, 100 palings. If it was desfro/ed 'the 'damage Would not excied Ihirtj shillings. Again, 1 ask, is k an act of a sane man, or is it the play of a child I After careful consideration, I and others arrived at the coi - elusion that Air Alien has been led away by his hallucinations. He said, " One night he heard whistling outside his house, that- he went out quietly, and that he saw the shadow of some- " thing." Jf so, why not try and find the Bub- Stance ? If he saw any shadow at all it is most ' probable that it was his own. I am informed that the person that bought this farm in ques tion from the Crown could say, "that he "had Hved there over 30 y< ars. and that he wa3 never .. molested, neither by a shadow nor a substance, and be live/1 in the house (which is substantial) over 20 years, without a key to his outer doors." Therefore; according to tbe statement of Her Alajesty's servant, w hose knowledge of the dis trict extend over so many years and the source from whiclr rl comes is s-o reliable, and I lie statement of the original owner combined, points ;- that a iiew. state of things has been inirialuced to Waltner. Did Air Allen part in peace with all where he same from ? 1 am t-.Id that he himself should say uo. Would anyone come fj far to do such an act i Common s- me says no. I am told that tire dwelling and some ot the outer buildings are covered with insurance, if so, the Insurance Company would suffer, and not 3Ir Allen. Ir.' eoeciush-n, 1 wish to say that, after all the people of the district may rest in peaee, that tbeir character is not lowered in this crse, and that Mr Alien will not be annoyed . neither by a ghost, shadow, nor substance in the future. Hoping I have iiot trespassed on your valuable st/ace, 1 am, Ac., / - ! . INHABITANT. Waltner, June 4th, 1887. 