\- A CORRECTION, Cto the Eurron or the ' referee. Sit,— In tho Sunday .Times' of tho 19th inst, in their ropoit of the Adamstown All comers' Handicap I am ropurted to havo started off the 20yds. mark and failod to got a place. This is untrue as I was not nominatod for tho Adamstomi Handioap. The ' Sunday Times' also savs—' Ho will bo rocoiniisod as having won ono of Malone's Tempo handicaps off tho 12yds., and oamo hero as a dark horso so as to got a big mark in Sydnoy.' Suoh statomentti are oalcnlatod to-injnro mo in tho future. I mako no seovet of having won Mnlono'B Tempo Handicap, but I won it off tho limit (23yds,), and not off 12vds. as ro ported in tho ' Snnday Times.' Hoping yon will insert thiain your valuable journal; — I am, &o.;, . E. HODGE. . Adamstown, June 20. . I would remind athletes that entries are dus on Monday, tho 27th inst., for the. S.ixth\Kewcastle Grand Handicap.' .There is alwayB #a 'deal' of interest/ centred- in. these'-' Shefflelds/and I- am, sure - the entry : will bp large. ; The Newcastle people thought that Bob Bailey had a good show of winning Banks Handicap. This runner is evidently not as good aa his name, and his chances of. running Liddle are about as remote as the likelihood of his paying a flying visit to the moon. The London Sporting Life Handicap of £50, 135yds., was won by E. Place, of Crayford, from 22yds. s W. Halcrow, of Hackney, -21^-yds , being second ; and G. Mumford, Hammersmith, ran third from 21iyd s. - In the final-heat 4 to l..Was laid on Halcrow, who was beaten after a des perate race by Gin. Young Harris, of Eockhampton, who made his bow to the sporting public last week for the. first time in this colony on a cinder track, is likely to develope with age into a real clipper. He has very finely cut legs, but the body is rather light and wants time to devplope. Among tho pro mising colts that are yet to shine I think he is the best I know. I do not think that the Banks officials were justified in giving M'Donald 19yds. for the first appearance at Botany. I will never tire of repeating the statement that the public do not care for quantity -but quality; and the limits in Sheffield handi caps are too long. Although Ashworth did not win yet'he was not entitled to the 20 yds. given him. I am pleased to see that thb Carrington officials have pui; a stop to gambling on ?their, grounds. Some of the worst class of people were getting into the habit of fre quenting the grounds in the daylight with the object of tossing pennies. I should liirn tn urn thfl committee But down all im proper language in the'dressing rooms._ A lot of young men who run at the various handicaps are vory respeptable, and do. not like to mix with a lot of mon who pride themselves on their ' Billingsgate/' ^ When M'Doilaldwon his first heat in the first round of Banks Sheffield those who saw him run, and who Considered themselves competent judges, thought that he bad little chance of getting into lio final. The clever people this timew^BI long way out, but I think^ytf^^^^^J M'Donald was more nerxggfl^^^^^^^^H the wide-awa'ko people 1 woro .'lying about anxious to niok iti ;On the men- 'making a . 'falBe start, about ?h'aU-a-'dozfcni. watches ? were; heard to click, and it was manifest that, though no. one seemed to Be holding/ a watch, yet everyone had a, 'ticker' in his pocket. When tho trial was. over tho clever peoplo went away with tho idea tliat the runner in question had no show, for they had all taken tho time wrong, crediting him with three yards worse than what it actually was. That runner ran second in the handicap, and did the trial two days previous before tho eyes of tho wiseucres.' The cleverest are not. infallible with tho watch. Jack Wilkinson gavohis ChUtern friends who backed him a great go for their money in the Banks Handicap just finished. He says that is was the 'severe run that Ellem gave him that lost him the final. He ran' well, though, and gamoly struggled on for the £1500 he said which' would have been his had he 'been able to put another yard on. The Plemingtpn Committee havo removed the disqualification imposed on Tom Budd. 1 -will be pleased to see the old veteran on the track again.- For his age he is about the best runner in Australia, and a real good hurdler, there being fow better. We are advised that , Livingstone, E. H. Stevens, aind A: Fosse, have made a match to run ten miles atthe Carrington Grounds,', if obtainable, within a fortnight, for £100, Fosse and Stevens to receive 300 yards. Mr. James Carpenter iB stakeholder and referee. It is said that Bingham was a non- tryer in the heat with Joe Price. His party expect to scoop the next Botany Handicap with him. The company was considered too warm this time, ind if he .gets, as he thinks he will, another yard^then the next handicap will be as good as won. Alf Trinder showed on Saturday that he is one of tho best sprinters we have in the colonies, as in the reat in which he was put down by Wilkinson; he ran about 2yds. behind the winnor in 12 9-10sec. This makes.him about 0yds. or 7yds. betterthan even. Yet Hutchens gave him a start of 8yd3. iri.100. \ Was '.he, too,- affected, with' the 'slanting' fever? ! ; .^8 showing how a mati may improve,' I, Kavp. orily to instance thG 'pcri'qriuances of .' ?Wilkinson. Iri the Carrington Handicap, won by. Burns, ho ran something like a. half-second man, but in the ' recent Banks Sheffield he was officially given threo yards inside evens. Allowing, however, a littlo for erratic timing, he has improved a good six yards, and I believe a deal of credit is due to Harry Duffy, who traaned hitti this time, for the alteration. Mr. T. M. Malone proposes' holding another small handicap on Saturday, July 9\. i'o tho prize money will be added a lady's gold bracelet valued at .£10. Atkinson has at last come out of his shell and Bhown tho public a sample of his form. This, runner, as an amateur, used to make ovens shiver every timo he was a spinner. As a professional, however, 6yds. or 7yds. off it was considered near enoutjh, till the public began to think that the amateur timekeepers were a bit wrong. But now he has knocked that idea out by performing a yard inside of even. Ho was in splendid form, having been away from Sydney to put the polish on. As an evidence that the big Sheffield handicaps that are now attracting so much attention are participated in by the- re spectable youths of the colonies, I have only to mention the names of threo out -of tho four in the final of the_ eleventh Sir Joseph Banks Sheffield. ^Donald is a clerk in the Victorian railway department; Ashworth is a schoolmaster under the new government'; and Wilkinson is fl. clerk. They are all clever and very respectable young men. Myers' description of the 'quarter ' at Botany, in which Malone competed, must be an imaginary one considering that Myers was fully COO miles away on the day of the race. He asserts Malone finished 10yds. behind, third; this, with his start, would bring hi™ UP 50aee. The real fact is, that Malone was just beaten by half a yard for second place, and was 3yds. behind the winner in 47isec. This would make liim do something ' like 48 4-Gsec., a performance Myers would not accomplish out of form. But Myers cun ningly, and no doubt to avoid coritradic h^n, omits to atate that MaloBe in his HLtrv-ssed all hia men 100yds. from home Ked in in 49 45sec. ^?rjJJ^MteroTth^Tempe Handicap E;icln dolic^ed^t^ hate 'everv been for '4ri8traU»7r«ivett. at ?huWdrei and five \yaa, Mr. 'Jones, the 'the actual'value the amount, of : the..' Ruusoftpt^lH^H testimonial, about a hundred pound^H AviU be.-KJCo tyat ' the.: performonc^^« enipty cpuipliuienti, , But there thing far more valnable than the unanimity of spiritjand will' that ^ ahorie on. . every udience oould^iiot havo ^a - .as find . sttr^iotive pr.:-senoo Bhow, and he liiia therefore resolved' to xc- i turn to his .home,. and left last night- by i staatrior for , BrlBbano. ! . The Tempo Jnbiiee Pigeon match of £100 and gold' modal, takes place on Friday next, instead, of Thursday, as; previously announced. This aitoration is in conse-' qnence of the postponement of the Liver pool races to tno samo day. 'Tattler' writes to say, that on care* fully looking-, over the starts for the Carrington Handicap, sees nothing in the list having tho ghost of a show with the following men : — Casburn (431), T. J. Griffith (38), Smith (a) (42), Lazarus (39), Moody (38). As it is impossiblo for tho five to win ho will depend on ono of the crowd securing the money, and for choice Casburn br Smith, and Lazarus as dangerous. ; s 