Johnny Hi-Hi andFanny Foo-Foo Fanny F'oo-Foo was aJapanesogirl, A child of the great Tycoon ; She wore herhead bald, and herclothes were made Half petticat, half pantaloon; Her face was the color.of lomon.peel, And the shape of a table spoon. A.handeome young chap'was JThnny-Hi-Hi; And he wore paper-muslin clothes; His glossy black hair on-the top of his head In the shape of a shoo:brush rose; His eyes slanted downwardsleas if some chap Had savagclypulled his nose. Fanny Foo-Foe loved JThnenyHi-HRi, And whenin the usual style He popped, she blushed such a deep orange ' tinge You'd have thought she'd too muhlilille, If it hadn't been for her slant-eyed glance -And.her charming wide-mouthed smile. And oft in the.bliss of their new-born love, Did these little Pagans stray .All around in ppots, enjoying themselves In a strictly Japanes way; 'She~howling a sng to a oneastring lute, On which ho thought ?ho conldd lay. Often he'd climb to ahigh ladder's top. And quietly there repose, As he stood on his head and fanned himself, While she balanced him on her nose, Or else she would'get in a pickle tub, Andbeo kicked around on his toes. The course of true love, even in Japan, Often rune ertre?ely rough, And the fiercTycoon, whenho heard of this, Usod Japanese oaths so'tough •That his courtiers' hair wouldlhave stood ou end. If.they'd only had enough. So the Tycoon backled on both his swords, In his pistol placed a wad, •And went out to hunt for thetruant pair, With his nerves braced by a tod. Ho found tlem enjoying theirgueless selves On the top of a lightning.rad. Sternly he ordered the gentle Foo-Foo To "come down out of that there I" And he told Hi- Hi to go to a-place I won't say precisely-where, Then he draRged off his child, whoso spasms Evinced unusually wild despair. Boutthe Tycoou, alas ! was badly fooled, Despite his ipternal pains, For John, with a toothpick, let all the blood -Outofhisjsugular veins: While with a hack somerset on the floor, Foo-Foo battered out her brains. "They' buiid thoembothuin the Tycoon's lot, Right under a logwood tree, Where they could list to the nightingale and The buzz of the bumble-bee ;oo And where the mosquito' sorrowful chant So maddens the restless fles. And often at night,wheni the Tycoon's wife, Slumbered as sound as a post, His aluond-shapd eyeballslooked on a sight That scared him to death almost; Twas a bald-headed spectra flittingabout With a paper-muslin ghost. 