MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1887. The decision of the mayors with re- gard to the Jubilee Celebration which will please most people is that about the statue. The fitness of the idea was recognised as soon as mention was made of it in our columns. Consequent upon our strong expression of opinion that the historical event should be celebrated in this historical manner, a number of letters have reached us suggesting that The Argus should open a subscription list, and but for the action of the mayors we would have invited the co-operation of the citizens. As it is, we await the municipal action, ready to assist in any way that may be deemed proper. There are two grand sites available—namely, in front of Parliament buildings, or in front of the Treasury. In the one in- stance the statue would face Bourke- street, and in the other Collins- street, both sites were brought under the notice of the Gordon Memorial Committee, but it was rightly decided that they belonged to some historical personage more identified with the colony than the modern SIDNEY. HER MAJESTY fulfils the necessary condi- tions. There was no Melbourne when she ascended the throne, for the few unnamed tents and huts of 1836 could not be called a hamlet even. Our birth and development occurred in HER MAJESTY'S reign. The colony itself is specially marked out from other British possessions by its bearing, with her express permission, her appella- tion. The QUEEN is our godmother. Under such circumstances it is fitting that there should be a statue of HER MAJESTY, to remind future generations continually of our special association, with one of England's noblest sove- reigns. It is important to bear in mind that the expense will not stand in the way of any further demonstration. A sum of £5,000 ought to be available to work upon, though possibly £3,000, as in the case of the Gordon statue, would suffice. The Cook statue in Sydney cost £6,500, but then that is in a large domain, and upon a colossal scale, which would be out of place in the streets of a city. £5,000 may be stated as a maximum, and that is less than 4d. per head for the city population. The subscription per head of the much-con- temned threepenny-bit would accomplish the work. It would not be possible, of course, to have the statue wrought and in position by Jubilee Day, but the " corner-stone" of the basement might be laid that day, and perhaps a model might be displayed for the information of the community. With such a statue the Eastern-hill would be fitly fur- nished with artistic memorials worthy of a nation. It would be a spot which people would visit with pleasure. There would be the typical heroes of Austra- lian exploration in BURKE and WILLS There would be the representative of the romance of our age in the Christian warrior GORDON. And from the best of the positions Queen VICTORIA would look down upon the capital of the colony of Victoria-upon a people who regard their titular sovereign with loyalty and love. On the surface the latest scheme of English philanthropists has much to recommend it, since it is intended to relieve the poor by putting them in a position where, with ordinary industry, they may easily gain a comfortable subsistence. Seeing the pressure of the distress which is caused by the cold of every winter among an over crowded population, they are planning wholesale systems of emigration. Private societie- ties have aheady been formed, and are spending large sums in aiding those who are willing to work to try their fortune elsewhere. Inquiries are being made in all directions, and espe- dally in Australia, as to the prospects which lie before emigrants. An ambi- tious scheme which lias been devised, under the title of state directed colon- sation, for setting a new English mi- gration in movement is now before a committee, recentlyappointed, composed of members of both Houses of Parlia- ment. His idea seems to be that the Government should provide a fund which would enable emigrants to take up land in the colonies, and become in- dependent farmers. By this means it is argued that both England and the colonial possessions would gain a large and mutual advantage; the latter from an increased production of raw material, the former from an added stimulus to her industries. At first sight the transplanting of the people might seem to be an obvious and certain remedy for the terrible distress which exists. At the one end of the world are poverty and destitution and people living in the utmost wretched ness, at the other are large tracts of country, still covered with the primeval forest, and only awaiting the hand of man to be made rich with grain and fruit. But there are difliculties which must prevent the scheme from proving of any real value to the class who stand most in need of relief - the unemployed ot the large towns. Human atoms can- not be taken from an overcrowded city and shot down into the empty spaces of a new country, as earth is taken from a mountain to fill up a valley. The human being must seek a place where his labour is in demand, or he will be no better off in the new world than in the old. While we have ample scope in the colonies for immigrants who will settle in the country and till the ground, there is no room for any great rush of the clerks and artisans and doers of odd jobs in the city, who are reduced to the famish- mg point by lack of work. The un- employed of London, it they were shipped to Australia, would simply come to parade the streets of Melbourne and Syjdney with the old cry. Even supposing that they were put to the occupation of farming, for which they are unsuited, they would ultimately drift into the towns, where their labour is not re- quired, and bring distress with them. Bishop MOORHOUSE has been doing good service by warning intending emi- grants of this class and emigration societies that there may be great diffi- culty in finding employment in the colonial cities. He could not empha- sise this point too strongly. It is abso- lutely impossible for us to give work to a large labouring population suddenly thrust down in our midst, un- less the countiy is first opened up. Production is measured by the consumption, and as long as the rural districts are sparsely inhabited there can only be a limited amount of manufacturing and a limited demand for city labour. It is quite certain, indeed, that the colony could easily maintain ten times its present number of inhabitants. It can hardly be de- scribed as a cultivated country, since it consists of acres of grass and forest, with mere patches of cultivation here and there. The land which has been actually reclaimed is not farmed in such a way as to produce crops like those of the English and Scotch counties. There is room for thousands of men with willing hearts and strong arms, who are ready to undertake the rough work of clearing. But in the meantime, the percentage of the urban population to that of the agricultural districts is so high ns to be disquieting, and new comers have almost no chance of improving their fortunes, unless they settle on the soil Hie haine principle applies to the other colonies Settlers are wanted first, and the artisan population will soon be attracted Hie beginning of tho structure must be made with the foundation, mid the foundatnn of a state is the land lndustry. Australia, therefore, though it is capable of absorbing many agucultural labourera and farmers, can do little to mitigate the wretchedness that prevails in Lon- don. Immediate relief to a class un- suited for the bush is unfortunately im- possible. One system of emigration has, how- ever, always been a success in Australia, and it may be commended to the notice of inquiries in England. No difficulty whatever has ever occurred in connec- tion with the emigrants nominated by friends aheady here. This plan has worked well in every colony, for the simple reason that no man will send for his relatives or acquaintances unless he sees some prospect for them. Let this method be adopted - the Colonial Government receiving the nominations so as to test their good faith and there will be some guarantee that the emigrants will be spread over the country. Otherwise we may have to deal with a cargo of men and women for whom there is no suitable emplovment, and who cannot be allowed to starve. Or it might be better if Lord SALISBURY were to make an experiment on the public lands in one of the Crown colonies. There are vast regions, for example, in Western Aus- tralia, which are wholly unoccupied, where labour could be turned to good account. We can see no objection to a systematic and judicious effort for settling those territories with an in- dustrious population, by means of "land grant" railways or otherwise as many and many a domain in the United States has been settled. The land does not belong to the handful of inhabitants who at present claim to hold it. When Western Australia receives constitu- tional government, conditions could be easily imposed which would facilitate the working of a scheme of settlement. The young farmers who are ready to leave England in despair might have a prosperous career in Australia. It must be understood, however, that only those who are able to "rough "it" have any certainty of success. We cannot in Australia relieve at once the misery of the English cities. We cannot undo in a day the growing wretchedness of years. The account of his stewardship which the retiring president of the Victorian Employers' Union has laid before his col- leagues is satisfactory in substance to all concerned. The union ia about to suffer a heavy loss through Mr. BRUCE SMITH's departure for New South Wales. He has really, however, worked so hard during the past two years to plant the idea which the union represents among Victorian employers generally that his successor, whoever he may be, will have a comparatively easy task in carry- ing on the work of the association. The Victorian Employers' Union cannot be said to have set the Yarra on fire, or re- volutionised the relations between capital and labour since its foundation in 1885. But it exists, and that is in itself a re- markable fact. No similar body appeals to show the slightest vitality in any of the other colonies It is unusual to find as many ns two or three Aus- ralian employers of labour gathering together to protect their own inte- lests. The history of the movement initiated at the Athenaeum meeting m 1885 is merely the converse of the history of trades unions. Men of all classes, whether employees or employed, are apt to run into excesses, and to abuse power. In Victoria the largest shine of power has lain with the wage- earner, and the tendency has been to abuse that power. The bootmakers' strike two years ago showed boot and shoe manufacturers the necessity for combination to resist un- reasonable demands by the operatives, and other employers have learnt the same lesson since. It is quite unnecessary to pass an opinion on the merits of the notable Melbourne strikes of the last two or three years. But few will deny the propriety of Mr. BRUCE SMITH's saving on Thursday, that "if "this board proves to be the means of " preventing or even lessening such " calamities as strikes or lockouts," it will have justified its existence Mr. BRUCE SMITH claims that the operation of the Victorian Employers' Union has benefited capital and done no harm to labour It has undeniably made a name for itself, and has exercised a respectable influence in Parliament, and throughout the community generally. It is true that but one serious difficulty has arisen between capital and labour since the union commenced operations, and possibly that fact is the best test- mony to its usefulness. Whether any conceivable machinery for arbitration and conciliation would stand the strain of a severe struggle between capital and labour, embittered by circumstances which may arise in these colonies some day, is another question altogether. The astonishing adventures of the diamond-drill at the Hepburn Estate mine were the fit subject of a public inquiry. Putting an absolute faith in the bore has cost the Hepburn Company £20,000 and has cost tho publie a good deal more, shares having fallen heavily. One witness said he advanced £8 per share to borrowers, thinking he was safe, and now the market price is 29s. Under the circumstances the public seemed to be driven to the conclusion either that the drills were un- reliable, or that the case was one of un- fair practice-of the "diamond cut dia- mond" character. The board, however, decides that we are not to say the one thing or the other. As to Mr. HARRISON \- the foreman of the drill - the decision is that he leaves the Court without a stain upon his character, and all who have studied the evidence will heartily endorse this dictum. As to the other point, the chairman made the state- ment that "nothing whatever had " transpired to shake public confidence in " the usefulness of diamond drills,"but this ruling, we would say, is to be taken with a reservation. The explanation of the mysterious occurrence offered by Mr. REGINALD MURRAY appears to be the true one. Mr. HARRISON reporteded that the bore was passing through drift, whereas it is now known that it was passing through a bed of sandstone. But, as Mr. MURRAY avers, the sandstone is only solidified drift, and the action of the dull, working with a strong water pressure, would reduce the stone to its original condition. It did so reduce it. The directors of the company and the men engaged at the bore all saw the stuff brought up, and they all believed that the drill was going throuhh drift, and that afterwards it "bottomed," as was to be expected. One witness results that if the drill had been worked with less pressure a core might have been obtained, but others dispute this statement. All agree, however, that improvements have been made since 1882 which would overcome the diffi- culty, and would enable a core to be brought up and the the state of affairs to be known the news of those improve- ments is consolatory. But the fact seems to be that expenenco with diamond drills has to be paid for, as is usual with other experience and that m tina case the Hepburn Company has had to pay. "The " apparatus cannot lie," but if it is not intelligently worked and intelligently watched, it can deceive. The Scotchman who affirmed that "whusky is a bad thing-specially bad " whusky," was wiser than he was 'ware of. A símilar declaiahon has just been made with respect to brandy by a dis tinguished French savant, M. EMILE ALGLAVE, before the French Association for the Advancement of the Sciences, gathered together in the large hall of the Sorbonne. It will startle the lovers of French " cognac" to be told, on such excellent authority, that of the 41,184,000 gallons of brandy annually consumed in France, no more than 550,000 gallons, or about 12½ cent, are distilled from wine. All the rest is extracted from rice, beetroot, maize, or molasses! Now, according to M. AL- GLAVE, pure cognac may intoxicate, but it does not poison or madden; whereas brandy concocted from the materials just enumerated does both. And he pro- ceeded to give a practical illustration of the fact in the presence of that large assemblage. He took two guinea pigs, to each of which he adminstered a similar dose of spirit. The one which had drunk the pure eau de vie was tipsy, but hilarious; the other was dead drunk and as inert as a corpse. He after- wards repeated the experiment on two dogs. The pure alcohol intoxicated the one, and made him reel and stagger. The other animal, under the influence of a like quantity of the impure spirit, fell into a state of epilepsy, lay upon its back with ita four legs in the air, foamed at the mouth, and exhibited every symptom of delirium tremens. The lecturer, who is one of the professors in the Faculty of Law in Paris, proceeded to ague, with the general approbation of the audience, that the state should pro- inbit the distillition of all brandy other than from wine, and that every bottle issued to the public should have a Government stamp or label on it, gua- anteeing its genuinenesss. But with the annually diminishing yield of the French vineyards, where is the wine to come from? ls there not an opening here for Australian cognac? What if the Governments of these colonies were to act upon the suggestion of M. ALGLAVE, and institute such regulations concerning the export of pure brandy in bulk as should guarantee the absolute purity of every pipe or butt shipped to Europe? In no other form could the produce of our vineyards be exported at so small a cost ii r ¡height and eli uges and there is no valid reason why brandy should not be distilled in Victoria equal in quallity, in every respect to that which is fabri- cated in the department of La Charente. The R.M.S.S. Valetta arrived early on Saturday afternoon from London. The mails for Victoria New South Wales, and Queens- land came overland on Friday. The New Zealand and Noumea portion were brought in the steamer the Valetta had a very large number of passengers among whom was Dr. Moloney of Collins- street. The mails by the Vnletta are to date the 4th ult, and they reached here in 35 days. The first of the national v/orl s of irriga- tion to be undertaken by the Government, m accordance with the act passed in the last seasion of Parliament, will shortly be put into the hands of the contractor Tenders are being invited for the construction of a weir on the Goulburn River at a point between Nagambie and Murchison and the formation of off-takes of channels on the banks of the river together with the necessary regulating gates and bridges. The chief engineer of Water Supply (Mr. Stuart Murray) has forwarded copies of the draw- ings specifications and schedule of quan- tides which have been prepared for the information of tenderers with much care b) the oflicera of the department 1 he work itself is one of great importance involving an expenditure of about £01 000 according to the estimate submitted to Pirliament and upon the success or failure of this scheme, the future of irrigation in the colony may largely depend. There is every probability of a keen com- petition for the work, all the leading con- tractors of the colony having applied for the information necessary to the preparation of estimates and much praise has been be- stowed upon the officers of the department for the thoroughness and accuracy displaved in the drawings, detailed specifications and schedule of quantities furnished to the ten- derers. the contract is to be finished by the 30th June 1889, subject to a penalty of £25 per day for each day in excess of that period while a bonus of £25 per day will be paid to the contractor for each day between the com- pletion of the work and the expiry of the time allowed The Minister of Mines has concluded his revision of the recommendations of the various prospecting boards and his decisions will be submitted to the Executive Council tomorrow for approval. the inquiry as to the mistake which oc- curred in connection with the No 4 bore on the claim of the Hepburn Estate Company at Smeaton, through which that company is estimated to have lost from £18,000 to £20,000 was concluded at Ballarat on Satur- day. The chairman of the board of inquiry (Mr. C. Warburton Carr, P.M.), in giving the decision of the board said that no evidence reflecting on the honesty of Mr Harrison who was in charge of the bore in question had been given and as regarded the alleged errors in the report the board would carefully consider the evidence with regard to tho matter. In the opinion of the board nothing whatever had transpired that was calculated to shake public confidence in the usefulness of diamond drills, so that he need not any more on that subject. As far as Mr. Harrison was concerned, he left the court without the slightest stain on his repu- tution. In answer to a question Mr. Carr said that Mr Harrison could use his name if he wished to telegraph the decision to the Tasmanian Minister of Mines, as it was the unanimous wish of the board to entirely relieve Mr Harrison from any charge. he would not say of criminality, but of care- lesaness. No fewer than 801 cases of typhoid fevei, of which 184 proved fatal, have been re- ported to the Central Board of Health since the opening of the present year, and it is confidently asserted that the disease was much more prevalent throughout the colony than is indicated by the return. Many non- fatal cases are not riported to the Central Board, so that it would be erroneous to sup pose that the percentage of mortality is as great as would appear from the return. Medical men of large practice in Melbourne and the suburbs state that the disease is this gearless virulent than usual, partly owing, perhaps, to the more favoura- ble weather experienced. The daily returns furnished to the Central Board of Health are steadily diminishing, and it is believed that the typhoid season is drawing to a close, Saturday's report is swollen by seven cases received into the Melbourne Hospital from the s.s. Australian, and by 14 cases re- ceived into the Alfred Hospital during the past week from the undermentioned places'-liichinond, 3,1 fatal; Melbourne, 2, St. Kilda, 2; South Melbourne, 2, and one each from Hawthorn, Carlton, Fitzroy, Springvale, Narracan valle), and Lilydale, the last proving fatal. There are still 72 cases under treatment m the Alfred Hospital. Two fatal eases were reported from the bal- larat Hospitul, into winch they had been re- ceived from Burrumbeet, and a non-fatal case also occurred at Burrumbeet. Mr. E V. Browne, clerk in the Premier's oflice, who was recently reduced a grade, with a corresponding diminution of salary, has made application for permission to retire trom tho public service on the ground of ill health. Officers under 60 years of age per- manently unfitted for the discharge of their duties by reason of bodily or mental ail- ments from which they are not likely to recover may be allowed by the Governor in Council to retire with an annual pension, varjing according to the length ot service. Applicants are required to produce medical testimony ot their condition sulhcient to satisfy the executive that there is no reason- able probability of their ultimate recovery. The application of Mr. E.V. Browne will be considered at the meeting of the Executive Council to-morrow. The list of candidates who were successful at the last public service examinations appears in another column. The vacancies were m the ordinary elencnl division and the Btaff ol male and female telegraph operators. The Melbourne agents of the proprietor of the Hebden Telephone Transmitter have written to the Postmaster General ollermg to establish telephone exchanges in Melbourne and the large centres of population through, out the colony, or to dispose ot their patent right to the Gol eminent for a puce which they quote Mr Derham is opposed to the lormation ol a company, as it would neces- sarily compete with the proposed Govern- ment exchange, but he has expressed his willingness to consider the offer to dispose of the patent right. Nothing will, however, be done until the return of the Deputy Post- master General from England. The Railway Commissioners are endeavour- ing to collect an arrangement with the Hall- way department of South Australia with re- ference to the rates for the carriage of grain. Since the through line from Melbourne to AUelairln was opened there has been some competition between the ports of Kingston and Geelong. With the view of securing the wheat traffic for Kingston, the Railway de- partment of South Australia, made a special rate. The Railway Commissioners of this colony have been watching the result, and they state that there has been no apparent effect upon the traffic. They have written to the Railway department of South Australia urging them to adhere to their ordinary scale of rates, in order to avoid complications which might otherwise arise. The commis- sioners state that, if this request be com- plied with, they will on their part impose no special rates, and they suggest that represen- tatives from both colonies should meet to discuss the subject. Nothing farther has been done with reference to the proposed adoption of a through rate for the conveyance of goods from Sydney to Adelaide, or from Adelaide to Sydney, the object of which is to attract goods traffic to the railways The Railway Commissioners of Victoria are pre- pared to make a reduction in their rates of about 25 per cent, and they are now aw ailing a communication from New South Wales on the subject. The Railway department is serving notices upon the owners of land on the route of the outer circle railway, requiring them to treat for the surrender of the portions of their land which are required for the purposes of the line. The landowners will forward their claims to tbe department, and they will be considered by the land valuator, who will en- deavour to arrange terms. In cases in which an agreement cannot be effected, the claims will be settled in the usual way under the provisions of the Land Compensation Act the amount involved will be large, and some delay may therefore occur in complet- ing the transaction. The arrangements for the opening of the railway from Heyfield to Maffra have been completed. There are two stations on the line, at Tinamba and Maffra. The train service to Heyfield will be extended to Maffra. The morning train will reach linninbn at 1.33 p.m., and Maffra at 1.46 p.m. The night tram will reach Tinamba at 11.18 pm and Maffra at 11.1 p.m. The return trains will leave Maffra at 6.7 a.m. and 3 49 pm,, and Tinamba at 620 a.m. and 4 2pm. Tenders are now being called for the con- struction of a line of railway from Numurkah to Nathalia. The line will be 25 miles in length, and will traverse through country of a purely agricultural character. The route is flat, and there are no special works to be carried out. It is the intention of the Hallway Commissioners that this line, and the Cobram and Dookie lines shall be available for next year's harvest. The Departmental Board appointed by the Railway Commissioners to inquire into the cause ot the recent accident at the Great Western railway station, by which the Adelaide express was delayed for 10 hours, have concluded their labours. They held the inquiry at the scene of the accident. The evidence of a number of witnesses was taken, and upon this a report has been prepared, winch has been submitted to the department. It will be remembered that an engine and two trucks from Ballarat ran off the line near the Great Western station. The board found that this was in consequence of the neglect of the stationmaster and porter to lock the points, as required by the regulations. Special attention was directed to the great length of time occupied m clearing the line A casualty train was sent from Stawell with all the necessary appliances, and the time occupied in moving the obstruction was considered to be un- reasonably long. On this point the board have recorded their opinion that sufficient foresight was not exercised by the person in charge, and that the men generally did not exert themselves as they ought to have done. The report will be considered by the Railway Commissioners, and if it is thought advisable, some action will be taken upon it. They are anxious to make such arrangements as will, prevent a repetition of the occurrence. Mr. D. J. C. Goodsir, who was promoted from the position of warehouse keeper in the Customs department, in January last year, to be chief inspector of factories, under the Factories, Workrooms, and Shops Act, will vacate his present ofiice at the end of the cur- rent month, and return to the Customs de- partment, to fill the post of landing surveyor, from which Mr. M.F. Gordon will shortly re- tire, on account of ill health, after 34 years' service. Mr Goodair has performed the onerous duties of chief inspector of factories to the complete satis- faction of the Chief Secretary, and at the same time, with due consideration tor the owners and occupiers of factories, workrooms, and shops, but at the request of Mr. A.W. Musgrove, the permanent head of the Customs department, the Public Service Board have decided to appoint Mr Goodsir ns landing surveyor, on account of Ins long experience of the work and his familiarity with the branch over which he will preside. Mr Alfred Level, of the Lands department, will succeed Mr. Goodair as chief inspector of factories. The new Coal Syndicate of Victoria re- cently applied to the Mines department for a diamond drill to be sent to Gippsland to test for coal measures in the districts adjacent to Moe and Mirboo, Mr. Gillies promised to send the first drill available, and it has been decided to utilise one of the two largest drills in the colony, now boring for a deep lead on the Jubilee Company's claim at Ballarat East. The drill in question will penetrate to a depth of over 2,000ft. Sites for boring operations have been selected by the Mines department, und it is expected that the drill will be dismantled preparatory to being transferred from Ballarat to Gippsland in the course of another week. The whole of the expense of working the diamond drills in prospecting for coal is to be detruyed out of the £3,000 vote, but in tutureitis prob- able thut a preference will ha given to com- panies who may be willing to contribute a quota ot the expenditure. The cost of boring operations largely depends upon the nature of the country, &c.;, but it may be approxi- mately stated at 180 per month, with one shift, £120 with two shifts, and £150, if three shifts are employed. The turret ship Cerberus, the gunboat Albert, mid the torpedo boat Gordon, left their anchorage at Williamstown on Thurs- day morning, and steamed to the Heads for the purpose of making an itinerant survey of various channels in the bay. The acting naval commandant, Captain Fullarton, ac- companied the expedition. While steaming down the bay the new turret sights of the Ceiberus were tested at 1,500, 1,800, and 1,900 yards, with the most satisfactory results. On reaching the Heads advantage was taken of the opportunity to inspect the improvements in the torpedo sheds at Swan Island, and the works at Queenscliff. On Friday an early start was made, and the various small channels in the bays were thoroughly examined, with the object of determining to what extent they might prove useful in the event of war, and valuable information was obtained. During the day signals were exchanged with the various batteries and with the ships of the squadron, and the crews were kept hard at work from early morning till evening. On Saturday the three vessels left Queenscliff at half past 7 o'clock a.m. The Cerberus had the Gordon in tow, but she was nevertheless able to steam 10 knots an hour, and to get well ahead of the Albert. The Cerberus reached Williamstown at half past 10 o clock, and was shortly afterwards followed by the Albert. Mr. J. Hotson, manager of the Melbourne Reingernting and Agency Company, has shown us the companys London agents' advices of safe of the Orizaba's shipment of frozen meat, which indicate that is per stone (or 4½d per lb.) was obtained for the best sheep, while at the same time the best Canterbury (New Zealand) sheep realised no more. With reference to the damaged mutton ex the Orizaba, it appears that none was sold as low as 2½d. per lb. A few car- cases were sold at 3½d. per lb., and some few more badly damaged brought only 3d. per lb. The race meeting at Caulfield on Satur- day afternoon was well attended, and those who went there experienced an enjoyable afternoon and some good racing, though the day was entirely agmnst the heavier backers. For the Selling Race Maroney best The Ghost comfortably, and waa bought in for £80. Whalebone won the Hurdle Race in good style from Goodwood and Huntsman, and Abuse, ridden by Cracknell, got home first in the St Kilda Cup, the placed horses being Phaon and Kohai, The steeplechase, in which there were a couple of falls but neither serious, was won in good style by Sweetmeat, with Mar mion a cloae second In the Federal Stakea Boz beat Bedouin, and the South Yarra Handicap was cleverly won by Vascosa, with William Tell second. The cricket match between the English Eleven and 15 of the Kaat Melbourne Club, which was commenced on the ground of the latter on Friday, waa continued on Saturday, Shrewsbury and Scotton, who were not out on Friday night, resuming their places at the wickets Shrewsbury, who had made 19 on Friday, increased his score to 26, when he was caught by Gordon off Robertson, and sherwin was immediately afterwards bowled by Robertson. The play was then very slow for several hours untit Lohmann went in, but he bit out vigorously and made some very fine strokes. When the stumps were drawn the visitors had eight wickets down for 270, of which number Lohmann had con- tnbuted 99 without losing his wicket The match will be continued to day. Next Thursday is St. Patrick's Day, and yesterday the usual anticipatory sermons on the subject were preached in the Roman Catholic churches of the city The announce ment mudo on the previous Sunday that Prior Butler vould occupy the pulpit at St. Francis Church, had the effect of crowding that edifice to overflowing. The prior spoke for nearly an hour on the life and labours of St. Patrick, and concluded with an eloquent panegyric on the faith and fidelity of the Irish people Towards the close of his address the prior said he had no desire to introduce politics into the pulpit, but he could not help expressing his feeling of great gladness at seeing the dawn of the restoration of Irish national freedom. The fight of many weary centuries waa now draw- ing to a happy close, and Ireland would soon rejoice as a revivified nation Irishmen had been eluded for their political restlessness, but they would be unworthy of their ancestry, unworthy of their glorious traditions, and unworthy of the name they bore if they did not strive and and struggle by every legitimate means for the recovery of that national legislative independence of which they had been mostun righteously robbed Just as all the attempted efforts to induce the Irish people to renounce the faith of St. Patrick and embrace the doctrines of Protestantism bad miserably failed, so now it waa similarly confessed that all the mighty endeavours to compel Irish men to consent to flio sacrifice of their national life hadprovedabortive,and that there was no help for it but to make restitution of national rights to the people from whom these rights were unjustifiably taken. He (the Prior) rejoiced that this protracted inva sion of the liberties of a people who had never forfeited either their national or their religious freedom, was now nenrly at an end, and that a new era of pence and prosperity, and vigorous national life, was about to dawn on then long afflicted country. The Dublin correspondent of the London Tablet, writing on February 2, states that His Grace the Most Rev. Dr Carr, Arch- bishop of Melbourne, left during the previous week for Home en route to Australia, " after a series of aflectionate demonstrations from the people of his late diocese of Galway and of other parts of the country." The Dublin Nation of February 5, in re- porting the Archbishop's departure, says: "His Grace was accompanied by his secretar), the Rev. John Stephens, who goes with him to Melbourne, and also by his brother, Mr John Carr, J.P., of Moy- lough, county Galway, and Mr Michael Anderson, who only attend him as fur as London." The Nation gives a lengthy list of the clergy who accompanied Dr. Carr to the steamer in Dublin Amongst them ia the name of the Very Rev. Dr Davy, Dean of Sandhurst in this colony, who is at present at home on leave of absence A 8ho"kmg trn.edy occurred in a cottage in William street Collingwood, on Saturday night youngman named James Wright, a carpenter by trade and of steady, indus- trious habits resided there with his wife. On Friday night Mrs Wright gave birth to a child her first born. On the following day Wright was somewhat eccentric in his demeanour, and complained of severe pains in his head. Shortly after 10 o clock he would appear to have been seized with madness for, taking a carving knife, he made an attack upon the nurse and a neighbour named Mrs. Harriston, who were m the house. He wounded the latter on the neck, and when she ran screaming from the house he turned on his wife, who lay in bed with her infant. He struck at her with the knife, inflicted wounds on her hands and neck, dragged her from the bed, and then seized the infant and carried it outside, and there, holding the child in his arms, cut his own throat so that he died shortly after his admission to the Melbourne Hospital. Neither Mrs. Wright nor any of the other women waa severely injured. The infant was found covered with blood, but uninjured. The arrangements for the file to be given by the mayor of Fitzroy in celebration of Her Majesty's Jubilee, to take place on Friday in the Duke of Edinburgh Gardens are now almost completed Mr. Clauscen having been assisted in carrying out the details by a large committee of citizens. This will be the first of the Jubilee fetes, and is to be given in ad- vance of the general celebration, as it was thought unwise to postpone it to lune, seeing that the weather will then be more uncertain. It will take the place of the annual schools excursion and promises to be a great success, should the weather be favourable. A procession which is to start from the local town hall about 10 a.m., is likely to be a very long one us about 6,000 children two or three fire brigades and a like number of cadet companies, together with several bands, will take part, the cadets forming a guard of honour to the Royal chariot. The National Anthem will be sung by the children accompanied by the Gordon Cadet Band, on the arrival or the procession at the gardens, and sports will be held simul- taneously on the Fitzroy and North Fitzroy cricket grounds. The provisioning of the great host of children will be no small matter. Seven tents are to be erected to facilitate this operation. Referring to a paragraph which it published on Friday to the effect that a Trench warder had arrived in Sydney from New Caledonia in quest of escapees, and that in consequence there had been an exodus of French criminals from S)dney to tue country district", the Sydney Morning Herald writes: - A paragaph which we publish elsewhere will show the importance of the bill which the Government intend to introduce for the purpose of pro- tecting the colony from the influx of expirees or escaped criminals from foreign possessions. It is stated that a short time ago the metropolitan police took into custody a number of suspected Frenchmen who could give no satisfactory account of their antece- dents, or of the way in which they supported themselves and the men were arrested pend- ing the arrival of an official from New Cale- donia. The suspicions of the police authori- ties have been shown to be too well grounded. The French official has iden- tified most of the men, and some of them are described as being of the most desperate character, one of them, in a man of not more than 42 years of age, having no fewer than 48 convictions against him. It is also stated that since the ar- rival of the French official a large and dubious contingent of Frenchmen has stampeded out of Woolloomooloo and Surrey Hills the men having made their way to the country. A farmer in Minto has informed the police that a few days ago a gang of Frenchmen, numbering about 10 passed his farmstead on their way to the interior. Here is a state of things upon winch not onl) our own Government but the Governments of the other colonies would do well to reflect 1 ranee has from time to time made light of a danger to these colonies from the sending of hordes of French criminals to New Caledonia and the right of Australia to make any complaint or to offer any criticism on the action of the French Government in regard to its convicts has been hotly dis- puted. The French have c1aimed their right to do what they please with their own and it has been contended that Australia has nothing to fear from any influx of French criminals to the South Seas. The paragraph which we publish today will furnish suff- cient comment on these assurances. Unfor tunately this is not the first instance of the kind that we have had to complain of and we fear that, unless some stringent action is taken by the Parliaments of these colonies it will not be the last bo far as the 1 rench authorities in the Pacific are concerned there is no reason for complaint On hearmc, of the men to whom we now refer an olhcial from New Caledonia it appears was promptly despatched for the purpose of relievin" us ot the presence ot these 1 rench desperadoes Desirable however as it is that we should be rid ot the men who have taken shelter among us it would have been far better it the evil ot which we complain had been pre vented and we fear notlimc, will eflectuall) prevent it but the passing ot such au act us was promised in the Governor s speech The Full Court will deliver reserved judg- ments to day at half past 12 o clock. The following are portions of our London correspondent's letter of February 4 on colonial topics:— General Prjevalsky, the Central Asian explorer and M. de Miklouho- Maclay are the two heroes of Russian travel and exploration who are the present attraction at St. Petersburg. The latter has been lecturing before the Imperial Geographical Society about New Guinea. He appears still to claim a sort of sovereignty over the Maclay Coast on behalf of the Russian Government and he does not hesitate to say he still has hopes of obtaining the Imperial sanction to his scheme for founding there a Russian colony under the protection of the Russian flag. He states further that already some 1,800 persons have expressed a desire to emigrate to the prospective colony. The king of the Belgians intends to send his portrait and that of his father to Adelaide for exhibition during the approaching jubilee. The pictures are now hangng in the palace at Brussels. The Federal Council of Germany acceding to a proposal from the board of the North German Lloyds Company have decided that the German mail steamers to and from Australia shall on their voyage between Aden and Adelaide and vice versa call at Colombo in future instead of at the Chagos Islands. The Scotsman has devoted an article to the tumultuous scenes witnessed in the Legisla- tive Vssembly of Victoria during the discus- sion on the "Chaffey bargain". Anglo-Australian Society of Artists who have already exhibited collections ot their works in Melbourne are about to send out another collection in August next lhe society now numbers upwards of 50 members including many well-known and some famous names amongst English painters. Sir Fre- detick Leighton P. R.A., Sir John Gilbert P.R.W.S., and Sir James Linton, P.R.L., have all become honorary members and Mr W. Ayerst Ingram of the Society of British Artists has just been elected president. He has visited the colonies on more than one occasion in the interests of the societ) It will shortly be possible for all steamers provided with the electric light to navigate the Suez Canal throughout its entire length at night enabling vessels to accomplish the passage in less than 24 hours. The widening of the canal will be pushed on with vigour now that the Egyptian Government have agreed to transfer to the company the neces- sary land. M. Ferdinand de Lesseps has greatly pleased English shareholders and shipowners by nominating Sir John Stokes as vice president of the Suez Canal Council in succession to the late M. Dauprat. A bill is to be submitted to Parliament this session legalising in England marriages with a de- ceased wife s sister which have been con- tacted in the colonies. It is pointed out that the proposed bill is an attempt to pass the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill on the cry of Imperial unity and justice to the colonies. Last year a French tourist M. Guilmeth by name paid a visit to Tasmania and being much interested in its indigenous vegetation examined the numerous varieties of the euca- lyptus which flourish in that island. His in- estimations brought him into contact with a small black bee, which stores its honey in the E. globulus. He found that this honey emitted a strong odour as of gum leaves and collecting some he carried it to Europe for the purpose of having it analysed, and of ascertaining whether it possessed any special qualities It was carefully studied b) M. Ihom is Caraman a well known chemical aual)st and Le Temps of the 3rd of February states that he has discovered in the honey some interesting medicinal virtues It exercises a moderating influence on the action of the heart it is anti- thermic - that is to say it lowers the tem perature it meditates the respiration for it is anti caturrhal, it is a febrifuge and para siticide; and it has been found efficacious in overcoming obstinate cases of bronchitis and even of whooping cough. It is almost unnecessary to add that the various prepara- tions of eucalyptus make an important figure m the French Pharmacopeia and its thera- peutic value is far from beautifully ascer- tamed at the present time. Handbooks, gazetteers, and directories, as they increase in years have the same ten- dency towards corpulency which a good many elderly men have, and the valuable Australian Handbook published by Messrs Gordon and Gotch, is no exception to the rule. Eighteen years ago it made its appearance as a Binn little volume of 100 pages, and the issue tor 1887 contains no less than 1,103 puges, ad ver tiBements included. Arnong the new features introduced is a wreck chart ol Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand, for the year 1886, showing the precise locality of each disaster, and denoting what vessels were to tally lost, which were badly or slightly damaged, and which suffered destruction or injury by a collision. The aggregate number or maritime casualties in that sear was 95, we observe. The railway maps of the various colonies, showing the lines already con- structed, and those in progress or projected, serve to indicate the rapid development winch this method of intercommunication is undergoing, while, from a scientific point or view, the map of the whole con- tinent, upon which are laid down the tracks of 20 explorers, from Oxley in 1817-18 to Winnecke in 1884 upon a larger scale than heretofore, is especially interesting and valuable. Statistics have been brought down to the latest date, and an analytical index is an improvement on the former one. There was a good attendance nt the Theatre Royall on Saturday evening. The last nights of "The Tempest" are now announced. The beauty of the production is something remarkable, and excites the admiration ot all who witness it, and the cast is pro- bably as Btrong a one as it is practicable to organise at the present time, when BO lew actors and actresses are capable of reading blank ver3e with adequate effect. A better Caliban than Mr Rignold could not be desired, but a more sparing use of the lime- light would be advantageous in his case, becauso it reveals the secreta of bia make- up, which should be left unperceived by the spectator! Considerable uneasiness was occasioned on Saturday evening bv an accident which happened to Miss Simmonds. After she had sung "Where the bee sucks," a few inconsiderate occupants of the gallery demanded an encore, and the bat upon which she was seated remained suspended in the air at the wings. Suddenly one or two of the wires appeared to give way, and she was flung with some violence to the ground A few moments of painful suspense followed, which was appeased by Mr. Cathcart's assurance that the soung lady was not burt, and presently she bounded on the stage, to confirm the fact, and was greeted with n burst oi applause In the closing scene, Ariel was observed rising into her native element, with the brutish Caliban grovelling in the sand on the solitary sea- shore, and the curtain fell amidst general manifestations of approbation. What a London manager once called the "sacred fire of burlesque" is burning very brought the Opera house just now, and to all appearance will continue to do so for some time to come, as there is no perceptible dimi- nution in tile popularity of "The Forty Thieves." '"Ihe Harbour Lights" at the Princess's 1 lieatre is a piece evidently to the taste of the Jirc,e section of pii)goers who prefer drimas that admit of startling situations bustling movements and magnificent scenic illustration Its sensational developments were warmly applauded by a crowded house on Saturday night. Miss Minnie Palmer has achieved another success in "The Schoolmistress," as regards attracting large audiences the accommo- ditton of the Bijou Theatre was severely taxed on Saturday evening by the crowd that assembled to witness the pertorraance. The two metropolitan concert halls-St George s and the Victoria-are now occupied by variety entertainments in which negro minstrels and abbreviated skirts are the most prominent features. Both places were crowdel to the doors on Siturdiy evening. At St Georges the company orcainsel by Mr Alfred Lawton appeared in a new pro- gramme of son"s dmces and sketches to which the Rldgway Family contributed numerous successful features. Mr Frank M. Clark's Company at the Victoria- hall has been strengthened by the accession of Mr W. B. Wamer a versatile comedian and vocalist. The comicalities of Mr Clark the clever dancing of Walsh and King, and the piquant songs of Miss Nina Tulloch were received with much applause on Saturday evening. Messrs C.T. Brock and Co. will give a display of fireworks on the Melbourne Cricket ground this evenin" lhe device representing the eruption of Mount Vesuvius will be fired for the last time. Several new devices will be introduced in the entertain ment as well as salvos of shells rockets i.e. Montgomene s band has been engaged. The monthly meeting of the Musical Asso- ciation of Victoria was held on Saturday evening at Glens concert room There was a large attendance ot members and associates The following music was per formed -Trio for piano and strings in G minor Op 1 (Hermann Goetv) by Messrs T. J. Hammond H. Curtis and Reimers solo violoncello song Ara Sullen Herl from Die Meistersinger (\\\ agncr) by Herr Reimers piano solo Nocturne m F sharp and etude in G flat (Chopin) by Miss Agnes Julian solo violin, "Romance" (Wilhelmj) by Mr H. Curtis. Vocal music was con- tributed by Miss Chapman Mr. Zerbini and Miss Abud acted as accompanists. Some idea of the smartness with which naval evolutions may be eflected in the future can be gathered remarks the St. James's budget) from the fact that the new torpedo cruiser El Destructor, built on the Clyde for the Spanish Government has just made the passage out from Falmouth to Finisterre in 24 hours, her mean speed being 21 knots per hour. This is the shortest time in which the Bay of Biscay has ever been crossed by any steamer, and several hours shorter than it could be done by the lastest British vessel afloat. The De- structor has been specially constructed for that high-class sport known as "torpedo coursing;" and for this almost everything has been sacrificed for speed, though she carries several guns and live torpedo-tubes. Such a privateer as the Destructor would require a lot of watching in time of war and prove to commerce much worse than a second Alabama. Some interesting rectifications of certain passages in the recently published memoirs of Count von Beast, bearing on the events which preceded the Franco- German war have been made by one of General Lebrun's friends (says the Paris correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph) It appears ac- cording to this authority, that the net, ac- tiations for an alliance between France Italy and Austria were subordinated to tho following conditions - France was to engage herself to throw an army of 400,000 men on the Saar, but to fight no important battle until Austria and Italy should be ready to help her. While waiting for a space of six weeks Austria and Italy were to observe neutrality without slacken- nig their preparations for war, so as to make Prussia deem it necessary to detach a part of her forces to watch them Another agree- ment was that after the French should have crossed the Rhine the Emperor Napoleon III. was to proclaim himself Protector of the German States hostile to Prussia. General Lebrun communicated all these pians to the Emperor who was displeased with the six weeks delay proposed by Austria and remarked that he expected better things from that power General Lebrun how ever observed that the six weeks midit be shortened by a diplomatic arrange- ment and the Emperor beuif apparently satislied on this score the matter was dropped for a time. In July 1870 the Austrian Minister to Belgium was instructed to sound the Emperor Napoleon as to the war which appeared imminent between France and Prussia. He saw the Emperor in Paris and the upshot of the interview was that the pourparlers as to the proposed al- liance were renewed. Shortly afterwards Prince von Metternich was directed to assure the Emperor Napoleon that Austria considered the cause of France as her own and that she was ready to contribute within certain limits to the success of the French arms. Such are the explanations given by General Lebrun's friend with respect to negotiations which had they been carried out as was con- fidently expected by the Emperor Napoleon might have changed the whole course of the momentous events of 1870 It is to be re- marked that in Count von Beust's memoirs there is no definite mention of the plans alluded to and which were discussed by General Lebrun and the Austrian generals in Vienna. In the statement published in The Argus of Saturday concerning the Bishop of Mel- bourne'a Fund a typographical error occurred in the last paragraph in winch it was made to read that the administrator of the diocese hints instead of "hopes" that the defi- ciency in the fund would be supplied by the end nf the month. The force of the appeal was thus materially weakened. The Licensed Victu illers annual picnic takes place at Queenscliff to morrow. It is notified in our ali advertising columns that the steamer Lonsdale will leave the Port Mel- bourne railway pier at half past 9 a.m. sharp. The Fitzroy School Board of Advice met on Saturday afternoon and arranged for an ex- curaion to the Sandhurat Juvenile Exhlbition to take place on Wednesday, March 30. A uieetmc, of the parishioners ot St Mary s R.C. Church Victoria street Hotli im was held yestcrday after the last mass. The Very Rev Dean England was in the chair. The chapel committee brought up a general report on the present state of the building, and also showed th it a sum of £706 18s. was received during the previous week towarls the Building Fund of the new church. £656 8s. 5d. of the amount was a bequest of the lite Mr Chirles Rupprecht which was re- mitted by his executors Messrs. Allan and Murphy. The meeting was highly pleased with the report and large promises of support given and unanimously agreed to assist the exertions of the committee to collect money for the building. The People's Concert in the Temperance- hall Russell street attracted a very large attendance on Saturday evening when a variety entertainment was given nearly every item in which was contribute by members of the Faust Family and was much enjoyed by the audience. Herr von der Mehden's cornet solos and musical specialties also were en- cored as were also Mr Allnutt's comic songs. The following is the report of the Lying-in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the week ending the 10th inst.: - Patients in hospital on tile 3rd 43; a lmitted durm" the weel 10 discharged 1J remaining in hospital, 40 total number of out paitieuts for the week, 100 new cases 25. The following is the report of the Homeo- pathic Hospital for the week ending the 12th inst - New cases 36; admitted into house 10 remaining in house 44 atten- dances-out patients, 143; out-patients re- maining under treatment 370. No deaths have occurred. 