An Address for the Pope. It was Eaid that the address sent to the Q-.cen by the women of South Australia, and illuminated by the Dominican nuns of !Tov;\;i Adelaide, was the most beautiful of all those presented to her Majesty the Queen, but it is even excelled in beauty by one just illuminated by the aame nun<3 and bound by Messrs. W'gcr and Co., for presentation to the Pope, This address is bound in white vellum and gold, ;n laid with blue morocco, andj having a r:ch fillet of gold beautifully wrought in metal. At the top of tbe right page i8 an exquisite paint ing of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, and at the bottom a miniature of the Last Supper em blazoned on a mosaic of gold. The sides are wrov^ht with medieval designs, with figures of saints and other emblems of the Papal dignity. St, Peter occupies the centre, bearing under him the words-"Thou art Peter, and on this rock will I build my churchand opposite is St. Paul on an enamelled background of crimson and gold surrounded by a scroll, on which ia illuminated the words, ,l Thou art a veBBel of election." In each initial letter will be found some emblem of the office of Leo XIII,, and tb9 arms of the Pecci family occupy a con spicuous pi". .. The scene at the head of the leit page iB ,-e giving of the Ro3ary to St. Dominic. He kneels in the habit of his order at the feet of our Lord, who s represented as a child in the arms * f His mother, and from His hand a i St. Dominic receives the rosary, Paul ia on he right-hand side, and on the left is St. Joachim, the father of the mother of our Lord. A very lovely figure of S. Thomas, emblazoned on a chagrin of crimBon and gold, indicates the high esteem in which the present Pope has always held the philosophy of St. Thomas Aquinas, while St. Francis of Asaesi receiving the stigmata points out hiB love for the third order of St. Francis; and at the foot of the page a lovely painting of the Last Supper stands on a diaper of gold mosaic. Under this is illuminated the date of the Pope's first mass. The finish and expression of the faceB in this lovely illumination are quite perfect, and both the painting and bind ing of the address reflect great honor on South Australia. The 'address will be on view to day at Messrs. Wigg & Co.'a, 