A Ghost, or Wbatf Sokk days ago (ssys the Mudgee Indepen dent) a farmer named large, rending in the vicinity of Cooyai, reported to the police that for several nighta-bimself and hi* family had been terrified in consequence of atones, some of which weighed continually dropping inside tbe house, apparently coming through the roof. Strange to ssy, tbe extraordinary oceurrenees an never apparent unless the man'* wife ia in the room. Tbe affair ha* created quite a sejsation, and all who have visited tbe place, aeeing for themselve*,' the police inoluded, persist in applying the evi dently appropriate term " ghostly missiles" to tbe huge " gibbers" wbioh have dropped in the houae when the window* and doors were secured. The effect on the poor woman, who feels thafcjbe i< a viotim of an awful ven geance, i* meet alarming. At times, when tbe miuilet are falling around, deathly ohill* affeot her whole ayatem and almost proitrate her. On one-evening, (earful to remain in door*, the poor .woman aought quietude out side tbe houae, but ((range to aay *everal large atones dropped close to her, whilst one, although falling on some part of ber body, left no mark; in (act was hardly felt, >A chill crept over her, and abe had to be taken to the fire, but without restoring warmth- Xt is an easy matter to convince superstitious people of these (acts, but when sceptics go and see, and ait with tbe woman and husband in the aame room, and have stones dropping around about them, they are glad to be nd of *uch unpleasant association!. This waa tbe case wben Mr. Parkea and others went out at tbe solicitation of forge. A large-sized (tone, which (ell in tbe ordinary way, streak a child on the side of the fac^, but left, no mark, nor did tbo child seem to take any notioe of the blow, if it can be termed such. We understand that Large baa. determined to remove hi* family from tbe place. Ti&ter; news say* i-The mysterious stone falling At Xarge'a (aim near Cooyai is still going on. On Mondu last * report came into town that no less than twenty-four atones dropped On the premises. The parent* were away (ram borne, and the children were left in charge. When tbe ctonea commenced to fall tbe children made off to tbe house ot a neighbor named M*Oann, and informed him of the occurrence. He at onoe prooeeded to targe's (arm. He reporte the above having taken plaoe. Hundreds of people have visited tbe plioe, and affirm that the atonea have come, bnt the mystery as to where they have come (com reufahu unsolved. 