SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. V.R.C. NEW YEAR'S DAY MEETING. The New Tear's Day meeting of the Victoria Bacing t lub, at Flemington, was attended by a large number of persons, tbe receipts shoWfngan : increase, as compared with those for the same day last year, of about £300. His Excellency tbe Governor and suite were present Therao- IOK throughout was excellent, and the spectators enjoyed a capital day's sport. Appended are the results:— 8TANDI8H HANDICAP, Of 6 sovs. each, with 300 added. Second, 100 sovs. Three quarters of a mile. William Tell, 9st 61b. (Olds)... 1 Hogmanay, 8st 81b (Power)... ' 2 Kohal, 7et 91b (Traban) ... 3 Sheet Anchor, Coronet, Pocahontas. Quintin Mateep, The Ghost, Xantippe, Don Giovan, btraight Shot, Marie Louise, Sedition, Louise Berta, Maroney, Lara, Mecotti, Harvester, Maroondah, Louis, and Be tort also ran. Time, lmin. lEJsec. ' KORMAKBY STAKES, Of 10 sovs. each, with 400 added For two years old Second, SO sovs.; third, 26 sovs. Five iurlongB. Escutcheon, by Musket, 8st. 101b. (Ivirny) ... 2 Bedouin, hy Darriwell, 8st. 101b. (Wood) ... . 3 Lord Allen, Perhaps, Loyalist, and Liedertafel also ran. Time, lmin. 4j8ec. HUBDLB BACK, Of 6 AOVS. each, with20Qaddedj second, 60 sovs. Alxmttwo milefe. Blue Mountain, llst. 31b. (Owner) ... ... 1 WhaleWe, 9st. ( Williams) ... 2 Goodwoodj 9at. 91b. (Anderson) ... ... 8 The' Agent,- Bonnie Lad, Revenge,, Louis, Moolgai also started; Time, 4min. 3}sec. THE BAGOT HANDICAP, Of 10 80TB* each, with 1000 added ;. second, 200 SOTS. ; third, 100 sors. One mile and a half and & furlong. Mr. 6. Martin's AH Gold, by Infidel—Golden Locks, 4yrj,-7st. (Gorry) ... l Mr. R. Orr> Recall,.7st, 71b. (Power) ... 2 Mr. CrippB's Duration, 8st. 91b, (Brown) ... 3 Othpr starters :—Commotion, Sardius, Grace Darline, Silvermine,. Britisher, Meteor, Rufus, Lord Wilton, Boolka, Claptrap, Camerine, The Nun, The Levite, Metal, Fish o' Silver, Harvester,Impulse, and Shark. Theflagfell to an excellent start, Boolka and Recall being the.first to make play, followed by Camerine, AU Gold,. Claptrap, Lord Wilton, Impulse, {the .others in a line, Grace Darling last As they passed the < grand-stand. Camerine and All Gold- were running side by side, Lord Wilton: third, Harvester, The Nun, The Levite;.- Boolka, Commotion, Sardius, • and Britisher, and Duration and Grace Darling togetheriast. Leaving the straight, Cimerineand Harvester! were together, All Gold on their quarters, Lord Wilton, Silvermine, Shark, and Sardius almost in a line, and two lengths separating these .from Impulse and Metal, Commotion and Grace Darling fringing, up the rear. In this order they ran along the river to the bridge, where. Commotion 'collided with two other horses, and so severely injured himself that he dropped down. At the bridge Harvester Was in front, paving for his attendants Camerine and All Gold; then , came Lord Wilton, Silvermine, and the others, within a few lengths of each other, closingup. Passing the abattoirs Harvester was still at the head, of the field. The Levite came from the ruck, and ran upl to the leader ; next came Lord Wilton, Recall, All Gold, Dura- tion, Shark; and Boolka. At the sheds The Levite had a lead of a clear length, Harvester and All Gold next, and before the turn was reached Duration rushed .up to second place. Half a mile from home The Levite was most prominent, with Recall next him, Duration and Britisher on the railB were together; All Gold, Camerine, Meteor, Silvermine. Harvester, and Metal followed in'the order' named, and Sardius had dropped to the rear,,. rAs they swept.into the'rtraiglitDuration bad a slight advantage over All Gold and Camerine, Recall was next in the centre, .JJbysjft.jSMneJjord.Wilton, and the others beginning to tail off.' Inside the distance the favorite" challenged D'urationi and birching him at every stride nag half 'JL length in front at the end of the lawn. At this point Recall came with a great rush, and a splendid finish resulted in favor of All Gold by half a length, a length separating Duration Irom the Ballarat horse. Grace Darling waB fourth j then came Camerine, Harvester, Claptrap, Impulse; Silvermine, Meteor, and the last four were The Levite, Sardius, Riifus, and Shark. Time, 2min, 53&sec.; STEEPLECHASE, Of 6 so vs. each, with 800 added; second, 60 sovs,; third, 25 aovs. About two miles and a half. Lizette, aged, 12st, lib. (Batty) l Moonlight, aged,'9ist, 121b,'(Allen) 2 Lady Ashton, Contingent, Letitia, Curiosity, and Salesman also ran. Lady Ajhton, the started for the Steeplechase; -Lady Ashton, the favorite, jfaa first to .commence, and was followed by'Curiosity, Letitia, Moonlight, Contingent, Lizette, and Salesman.'. As they passed the abbatoirs Lady Ashton. was three lengths in front of Lizette, Curiosity, and Contingent were in company, and Moonlight dropped back last. Passing the stand Lady Ashton increased her lead .to about a dozen lengths; the next fence caused Salesman to baulk and Letitia also refused. The first in the straight brought down Curiousity; Lady Ashton still carried on the runnning a hundred yards in front of Lizette and Contingent^ with Moonlight.60 yards behind the latter. lady Ashton came down heavily at the second of the treble in front of the Btand, leaving Lizette with a long lead. At intervals of 200 yards Contingent and Moonlight toiled on, and after lying across M'Leod's legs some seconds Lady Ashton was remounted, and set off in pursuit. The four horses were scattered at various positions round the course, and, after a most uninteresting race,. Lizette cantered in a winner, Moonlight was second, and no third horse placed. Time, 6min.' 18}sec. CRITERION STAKES, Of 6 80vs. each, with 150 added. For two-yearolds. Three- quarters of a mile. Escutcheon, 7st. 31b. (Ivimy) 1 Pingara, 7st. 2lb. (Turner) 2 Epicurean, 8st. 101b. (O'Brien) 3 Albert Loddon, Ormonde, St, Michael, Citadel, and Loyalist also ran. Time, lmin. 20£sec, 