CourBing Notes. By Monakch. The Candelo Coursing Club intend to hold a two days meeting on the 26th and 27th instants, when a 32-dogs stake will be run off. Mr. P. A. Lamb, at RosehilL, on Saturday last, stated his willingness to run Livingstone against The Last Request for £100 or £. 200 a side. Now then. Victoria. The draw for the Orange coursing meeting to be held on the ISthand 19th instants took place on Tuesday night. The Plumpton Stakes closed with 17 nominations ; Maiden Stakes, 12; Open Stake, 11, A cup has been presented by Mr. A.M. Naylor for the progeny of Boccaccio, and has secured 10 entries. Before the final course for the Rosehill Cup on Saturday last, Mr. Barnes was offered £80 for his puppy Bravo, und declined it. 1 consider that four of our best second-season dogs next year will be Bravo, Forget Me Not, Acme, and Bessie. I do not know Acme's age, but I presume her to be a puppy. The Queanbeyan coursing club held its first meet on Saturday last. 'The weather was very unpropitious, rain falling almost in- cessantly. The hares were strong, and the running good. The looal stakes were won by J. W. Cooper's Comet ; the All Comers by P. Pooley's Beaom; and the Maiden Stakes by P. Pooley's Miss Mornington. Mr. S. Bladon's fawn dog Bright Star, by Xixon— Bega, is dead. He won two courses in the Goulburn St. Legcr in April, bearing Kettledrum and Gigc;ler. In the same month he divided the Bcrrima Derby with Bruno, when he put down Glencoe, Waif Wander, and Caesar. In May he won the Orange St. Legcr, beating Spring, Damascus, Mountain Maid, and Bella II. x menuoneu laieiy, in connection wiin iou xvew iieaiuua Waterloo Cup, that ^ an action was being brought to recover the stakes for the same on behalf of the owners of a dog named John Drumm, who was put down by the winner, Haroun- al-Raschid, the flag, however, being wrongly hoisted in favour of John Drumm. A verdict has since been given in favour of the owners of Harounal Raschid, but the judge refused to certify to costs, as the wrong flag had been hoisted. The previous issue of the Mail contained the result of the first round of the Rosehill Cup, and I mil, therefore, con tent myself now with dealing only with the ties and final. Tipping the first and second favourites is rather a mean game, so I will not commence my homily with the custo mary ' as I anticipated.' This breach of professional etiquette will no doubt be forgiven. On paper there seemed to be very little between Brummy and Glenroy. Of course, the former comes from a stable good enough to back against the world, but Glenroy, if he be not past his prime, is undoubtedly a great dog. He opened the season rather badly, being beaten in the first round of the Goulburn Southern Stakes, in April, by Patience II, and in the first round of the Berrima District Stakes, the same month by Heola II , a very indifferent performer, who has never got beyond a first tie this season. In May, however, Glenroy won the Goulburn Open Stakes, beating Brisbane Grove, Pilgrim, and Xema. In June he won the Goul burn Southern Stakes, and in July he ran up to Iolanthe in the Erige Park Stakes. Taking another look back, 1 am afraid that Glenroy has seen his best days. Brummy was runner-up to Clyde (of whom more anon) in the Orange Vice-President's Cup in May, beating Magnet, Boccaccio, and two others. He was also runner-up to The Last Re quest in the Queen's Jubilee Stakes in June, and his career in the Rose Hill Cup was ended by Laburnum in the third ties. There is no doubt that Oughterside should have had the course with St. Winifred (late Palmyra). The course with Clyde was no criterion as to what the former could do, because Clyde ran as cunning as a fox, and did not go up to his game when he could have done so. His only previous event this year was his win in the Orange Vice-President's Cup, when he put down Brummy and four others. Laburnum's true form we are not likely to know for a while yet, as he was drawn lame in the fourth ties when he had to meet Livingstone. He did not obtain the easiest possible victory over Lady Glenroy, who won the Orange Purse in May, and his next victim, Magnet, has dono nothing previously to distinguish himself beyond beating Lady Glenroy in the Orange Vice-President's Cup in May. In the third ties, however, he met the redoubtable Brummy and scored a very decided win. Sheet Anchor is a very im proving dog. After being beaten in the second ties of the Orange Vice- President's Cup by Boccaccio in May, he re trieved his position by winning the Fairfield Cup next month, Patience II. and Nelson being his best opponents. His victory over Bootjack calls for no special comment, while Bazouk, whom he encountered in the second ties, has done little beyond dividing a small all- comers beaten stake at Orange in June, ?with Lyrebird and Mermaid. In the third ties, when he met Livingstone, he only scored a medium kill, worth about one point. I did not anticipate that Cyprus, who was beaten in the first rounds of the Fairfield Cup and Plate, in June, would have defeated Titania, the winner of the Bong Bong Stakes, but he did so with points to spare, although he made a very poor show after with Livingstone. Bris bane Grove, who went down before Livingstone in the first ties, has done little since he divided the Geulburn Southern axaxes wica weoscer s j-ouy in Apru. uenaigo beat a rare good one in Chance, but he would not have defeated Lady Mary had she not died away towards the finish of the course. I think she would have stood a little more hard work in her training. Since I first saw Bravo run at Goulburn, in April, when he. won the Local Stakes, I have always had a good opinion of him. He won his courses against Sloth, Boccaccio, and Bendigo like a gentleman ; and, for a puppv aged 22 months to run up in a 56 all-aged stake is a proof of his fine form. Of the value of Livingstone's win there can be no two opinions. His working and speed never left a course in question, and he appears to be entirely free from cunning. The win was a very popular one, and Mr. P. A. Lamb was certainly not grudged sis success. It is also another feather in Mr. Bladon's cap, and there is no doubt that he stands out to day the most successful trainer in the colonies. At a recent meeting of the National Coursing Club, the following decisions were arrived at, and will no doubt now stand as precedents : — Mr. fi. £. Witt complained that Mr. W. S. Parbury's greyhound Caterham Ghost, run in the Westminster Stakes at KemDton, January 20, should have been entered on the card as late Phantom II. Mr. Par bury's explanation, which was corroborated by several members, -was to theeffect that the entry wascorrecUy made, and he was not responsible for the error which-appeared on the card. The complaint was dismissed. A complaint against the secretary of the Essex County Club, for failure toaaosoQce ja tame of ftujg J the OiTiaon ©f stakes at the Southminster Meeting, was considered, and, parties ? having been heard at length, the meeting decided not to I entertain the case, particularly as one branch of the com- I plaint referred to the division of the stakes, which properly I rested with the management. In the case of Mr. C. Mur- I less as to a course at the Aldf ord Meeting, in February I where a wrong greyhound was put in slips to oppose one of I his, and which had in consequence to run an extra course I by the decision of the stewards, the club held that a nomi- I nator or owner was bound to protect Tn'mapif against 1 such an accident, and dismissed the case. Mr. I Harry Sims claimed £50 from Mr. J. Ward- I ley, being the amount of a match agreed to be I run, on certain conditions, between bis greyhound * I Saxon Queen and Mr. Greenall's Fiematta. The match I owing to the judge not being available at the date fixed, I was allowed to lapse, no postponement having been I arranged. Correspondence was read, and 'parties heard, ? and it was unanimously resolved to consider the match as 8 off. A case as to disputed bets between Mr. Williams ? Amesbury, and Mr. Thurston, Cambridge, was reported as I having been amicably settled. In a complaint' by Mr. W. I Hill, Tralee, against Mr. R. Bourke, secretary Limerick I Coursing Club, and his committee, for having changed the m judge and slipper whose names were on the original pro- I gramme, the correspondence having been considered, the m National Club decided that in the circumstances the com- I mittee did the best they could, and that, by Mr. Hill's re- I presentative having run his dogs under the altered pro- I gramme, he had practically acquiesced in the arrangement. I In the claim by Mr. Johnston of 25 guineas from Major I Graham Edwardes, for loss said to have been sustained in I consequence of a greyhound called Bag of Bones— in whose I winnings Mr. Johnston had a certain defined interest— not I having been allowed to go on in in a stake which was S divided, the meeting held that Mr. Johnston's case had ? failed. ? ? 