THE GOLDEN HOPE. A BOM&KCE; OF THE BEEP. 11 d rata I » drtftm Uut ru Hi ftll n Art**.' Bx W. Cuu Rvbull. CHAPTER XVI.—(Continued.) STRUGGLING THROUGH IT. The skipper Cook the hint, and after a stare at the skylight, and then a look at the tell* tale compass, and ottering a brief marine growl at the weather, he went on deck. He was puzzled, and stood a minnte in the com panion hatch, rnbbing his nose and peering at old Slone, who stood to windward of the tiller, clapping hit breast for warmth. He had half a mind to talk the thing over with the mate, because bis curiosity had been OTPifml h* hHftrintr Fnrt-»»mm himft*1f that hie principal object in making the voyage was to seek some friends in the far off island. * As how,' he said to himself, ' coaid he know there was any of 'em there ? For the mere hoping that they were there wasn't going to make a man spend all two thousand pounds and travel twenty thousand miles and leave his duties ashore to take care of themselves.’ But after contemplatively squinting awhile at Stone, he reflected that lar. Fortescue would be annoyed if it came to his ears that the captain of his vessel was talking and arguing about him ; so instead he told the mate to go below and get hit dinner; and took his place on the weather quarter, after a yell to the fellow in the bows to keep hit eyes skinned, for, said he, address ing the seaman who was grasping the tiller ^Confound me, Harrr, if this here smother isn’t like a cauldron that I once saw bilin* in a theayter when a piece was being pre sented called Macbeth. There was some old women collected aronnd that job, and among pother things I reck’lect of their chucking in was!a lizard's leg and a Jew’s liver, and the bldbd of a tow that bad ate her little ’one.' } ' Who was goin’ to swaller the likes of such broth as that?' said the helmsman, whose mahogany face looked almost black in the dusky drizzle, and from contrast with the reddish beard that forked straight oat over the collar of his oilskin coat. ’ PJrsps them old women meant it for ' It's not the broth I'ss talking about,’ said Weeks, ' it’s the hallegory, if you know what that means, I say that this here smother is like the smoke from the cauldron I saw, only instead of ghosts coming up out of it. as they did in that theayter play, it’ll be weasels to ran against;’ and then, with a long look round, he felt for a piece of tobacco, and muttered, ' two eyes ain't enough for a sailor. If nautical men had been taken into con sideration when this hare airth came bloom ing np into life eat of nothen at all, I allow they’d have heen treated as tba peacock is, eyes enough to sleep with and keep a look out with at the same time ; eyes for the head and eyes for the stem; eyes like yours and mine for fine weather, and eyes like a proper ship's glasses when it drawed up thick.’ ‘ That's about it, sir,' said the other, ' only you’d need to have eyes fixed where a man could use 'em when he was dressed. Sight 'ad be of little use, fair or foul, if a man had to blind it every time he put on his clothes.’ Weeks had reason to grumble, because those days of Chtnnel thickness put a deal of heavy responsibility upon him. It was not the cold, nor the wet, nor the head wind ; it was having to be up and down all the time, seeing that everything was right, shat the look-out was alive and keen, and so forth. He hadn’t the shadow of a doubt that Mr. Stone was to be trusted up to tbe hilt, but the man was old, as sailors go, had knocked off the sea for some years, and wanted watch ing, at all events till tbe sky showed the road clear; not because the spirit in perfection wasn't in Stone, but because the flesh that had been soaked for years and years in briny water might, now that it bad been brought back to tha old element, decline to prove particularly willing. The fruiter was but a little craft—ninety tons ; larger in those days than she would be thought naw, but small all the same; and offering a hull which a tall, lumpish East or West Indiaman, or a massive frigate, French or English, or big warship of any nation, with bows like a cliff, thundering up Channel, or stretching north or south on a bowline, wonid ran down without feeling more than a ' thud,' just enough to make tbe look-out peer over the rail and wonder whether it coaid have been a banlk of timber or a buoy. How and again a dingy sort of smudge wonid ahow out to port or starboard, and if the schooner was heading that way the blotch would take the shape and substance of a smack, perhaps, or a groaning old Sunderland pink bonnd to a French port, or a rakish Yankee brig steering for London river, driving with a curtsey out of the folds of vapour into open apace, more like a toy than a real vessel, with her ootton-white canvas, skyeait poles, white netting ronnd her short poop, and the metal tinder her counter gleaming as though a glare of son shine touched ita wetness, when after a saucy frisk or two she swung into the mist and faded out. But most of the craft the Golden Hope passed in that dreary, drizzling bitterly cold and blowing time were just phantoms, oozings of shadows which never took shape, yet plentiful enough to make tbe daylight—not to speak of the long boars of darkness—formidable; and a blessed hour was that when on the eve of a change of weather, Stone's and Week's noses, each with a crystal at the end of it, met cloBe in the light of tbe binnacle, in the delight the men took to note that tbe wind had veered with a sadden leap to the eastward of sooth, and that tbe Golden Hope might at last be beaded we»t by north half north, with the strong breeze that had been baffling her for five daya now abaft tne beam. Chaptie XVIL—Good Headwat. Forteecne pad no idea of tbe chango in the weather anti! he came on deck, though he might have noticed a bluish brightness on hia acuttle flashing off the dancing water. The wind had veered at midnight, and what the clergyman saw when he emerged through the companion was no longer thickness, and drizzle, and streaming decks, and small canvas dark with damp, but a heaven of azure, with many mountainous clouds white as wool, one fold towering above another with fragments of rainbow dissolving on their eastern skirts ; clouds so noble and majestic, so snow-like in their brilliant brows, so fitted as foils for the prismatic glories of the sun-lit iceberg that it was as wonderful to mark them sailing up out of the south (where in March oue fancies all tbe warmth lies) instead of down from the Arctic regions, as it was delightful to plunge the fancy into their toft depths, to observe summits, and brows, and eminences, the spar of hills, the defiles and ravines and scars, all as solid to ths eye as the substan tial land, yet presently to melt and disappear like a whiff of tobacco smoke. These vas bodies of vapour filled tbe sea with their shadowa; tbe water bad not yet taken tbe azure of the fatbomlese deep, but the deli cate green might well have passed for a faint blue, and the inn shining almost astern of the schooner wonid, from the edge of every cload that swept athwart him, fling u dazzle over . the vessel's bows and transmute into silver the surges which ran across the path of her stem Fortescue stood gazing ronnd him and aloft, lost in amazement that was a kind of transport too. Tbe last time be had seen the Golden Hope, she was a soaked and strug gling vessel, and now—from the flying jib boom end to the end of the mainboom, from the foretopgallant yard to the gafftop*ail, she was literally a tower of canvas. Ths men had got the itunsail booms on tbe yards at daybreak, and the sails were set—topmast and topgallant atnnsails—so that the yards being braced in and yet inclined upwards by the vessel's heel to the beam wind, she looked to windward to be carrying each a weight and ■trotch of cloths as made Fortescue wonder they did not overset the slender fabric that raced beneath them The freih breeze was bitterly cold,' but tbe flying sunshine put each joy into it that yon thought of nothing bat the health of ita frosty kissing ; and it was joyons still when the deep bosomed clouds smote the sun and threw their shadows upon the schooner; for the whirling beams of the luminary thus eclipsed were sure to keep tbe waters flashing ahead, and before the obscuration had time to make its dimuess felt the Golden Hope had rushed into the lighted surges - again, flinging the spray aft as far es the gangway, as though •bowing her triumph and exultation in the bennGcent splendour that shone upon her once more, and breaking from waterway to topmast-head into a whiteness of csnvaa that rivalled the glittering fleeciness of the va porous folds which had momentarily darkened her besnty. _ To appreciate the amasiog apread of clothe a fruiter of those' days extended to tbe wind it wonid be necessary to see a painting of I suoh a vessel. It is doabtfal If there be any yacht of the present day that approaches those echooDers in spread and height of canvas. ..It was not .only their immense mainsaile and their long-headed gaff topsails, • FaMtabe* hy spesjJ smagssMoS wMk Iks Hta Chair big topmast staysail and gaff foresail, with a bowsprit and jibboomi carrying two and sometimes three jibe and a atayforeaail, yon had a pile of square canvas to boot, top gallant and topsails with long booms for stnnsails and a vast sqnaresail extended by the goose-necked boom, the extremity of i whicn confined, when set, the inverted apex, [ so to speak, of a triangniar-shaped lower •tnnaail, the bead of it extended by the whole length of the topmast-stnnsail boom. It may be easily supposed, therefore, that the beautifully-moulded halls of the veseels bailt expressly for speed, woald be driven with astonishing swiftness by the great height and breadth of sails they expandod, and that for elegance, rig, shapeliness, and a score of other points which a sailor's eye woald love to. dwell upon, they were more admired in their time than any other kind of vessel then afloat, whilst even to this day they are recalled by old seafarers aa the nanuaomesc and most weaiberly craft ever sailed by Englishmen; superior, indeed, in all respects, to even the famous Baltimore clippers. If ever Fortescne coaid have donbted Stone's judgment in recommending him to pnrehase or nire one of the Bwiftest and most beantifnl of these vessels, as the Golden Hope unquestionably was, every misgiving must have been extinguished when he quitted the companion and stepped over to the quarter where the mate was standing. The mate had jnat finished setting the lower stnn sail, so that the schooner had nearly every cloth she carried hoiated, and yon would notice a sort of expectant cariosity in the i looks of the watch when, everything being | belayed, they gazed over the aide or sent their glances aloft, ae if the moment for testing the clipper's heels had arrived, and it was now to be seen what she could do nnder fairly favourable circumstances. * Here it is at last, air,' said Stone, touch ing hia cap to the clergyman, . ' Not only a fair wind, as it is called ashbre, bat fine weather; almoat beantifnl, 'Wed, for I don't know that I ever saWfwonderfnller clonda. j ' It doe* not come too soon, Mr. Stone,’ exclaimed Fortescne, feeling all the freshness and glory of the scene in hia heart, though the old sailor noticed with a side-peep of com • passion how pale the curate's cheeks showed in the penetrating silver splendour that was then showering down from a light-blue rift, and bow wild and yet sad likewise the bril liance that hia large dark eyes took from the darting gleams made his eager, handsome, attenuated face appear. ' Why one feels to be flying on the bock of some great Bea fowl through tbe air, instead of being on the deck of a vessel.’ He raised his eyes to the immense show of canvas from which as he watched, in the space of a breath almoat, the ahining of the early sun Hashed ont of every satin-like hoilow into the leeward water, over whose! smooth-backed surges it raced in a sheet of ' silver, whilst the schooner tamed grey in tbe cload-shsdow. ' I’m not going to ssy, Mr. Fortescne,' said Stone, gravely, ' that there's no tea birds as couldn't tljr (aster than we're agoing; but I'd like to lay a wager that if this here breeze kept all on blowing till we was done wich it, tbere'a ne'er a sea bird as the Golden Hope wouldn’t wear out and overhaul and be too far ahead to be cotched again by him when he was ready to make sail afresh. Eb. Bill ?' This was addressed to William Breeches, able seaman, who was steering. For in the (miter, ae in tbe coaster, we mast not look for the quarter-deck etiquette of big ships, inasmuch as Jack was as good as hia master in sneb craft, and sometimes better, though, of course, orders were obeyed as Bmartly aud work done as dutifally as if the discipline was that of a man-of-war, ' There’s only one fowl,' answered Breeches, talking with hie head turned from those he addressed, true to the sailor's peculiarity of appearing to notice everything but the man he converses with, and to find everything interesting bat what he's saying: ' tber'e only one fowl, Mr. Stone, as 'nd ever think o' trying to beat tbe vessel by flyiDg, and that's a bird fonnd south o’ the equator, commonly called Booby.’ As Mr. Fortescne had never heard of such a bird, he eupposed that Breeches meant a joke, and sought his eye that he might teward him with a smile, but the sailor had ap parently forgotten that he had spoken, nod with hia gaze levelled eteadily at the schooner’s head was grasping the tiller rope with an expression on his face that couldn't have been severer had he been arguing with a crimp. Mr. Stone, noticing the admiration in Mr. Fortescne's face ae he leaned against the bulwark, running his eyes from the white heights, to the sea and back again, and then around tbe horizon, out of which tbe clouds were slowly soaring like huge, mountainous, snow-clad islands, would not break in upon him; being too well pleased that the clergy man should take hie fill of the beauty of the vessel; (or the old saiior was intimately con cerned in the selection of her, and he had his share of vanity. Indeed, Fortescne was glad of the privilege of beiog able to look without having to converse. So far as the actual passage to the island went, tbe main pleasure he would be able to derive from it mustlie in its rapidity. There could be no beauty of sea or sky, no silver shining of sunrise, no ruby splendour of Bunset, that would fill him with weariness and despondency if tbe conditions of the spectacle were to be stagnant water and an idle hull. His intellectual hunger and thirst, the craving of every imaginable instinct in him, was to sight the island—to spring ashore—and in Agatha’s death or in her life, in her existence, or in tbe aolitndeot the rock, to learn if the issue of bis dream, so promising with its presentment of her figure, pleading and inviting, was to prove no more than the shadow and phantasy Mr. Clayton deemed it Therefore, what beet delight the sea could hold for him he felt thia morning as be watched the spring of the buoyant and beautifol fabric, from the slant of one Bickering surge to the foaming brow of another, Hinging from her sharp bows the Bpray, which was like a shower of diamonds when the clouds obscured the sun, bat which became a rainbow whenever the luminary tlsshed down again upon the leaping acboouer that was softly and rhythmically swaying her lofty heights of canvas to the regular run of the eea; so that with the ann crawling to the , southward; the hurrying pencillings of shade in the deep bosoms of tbe sails ; the swift waitings of such dimness as the interposition of a water leech, or the angle of the masts wonld dash upon the swollen cloths, made the fall fabric leaning towarda the north, with mastheads like golden spires, wherever the blue opened for them to show againet, appear to the eye of Fortescne as if the surface up reared by the spars were mother o’ pearl. But it was the exhilaration of hope coming oat of the pace, the thought that tbe Indiau Ocean was a measurable thing, not the li mit leaa, notrustwortby fancy it med to be at Wfloe, that pat a glitter into the young clergyman’s eyes when he brought them away from the serene azure rifts among the clonda, and watched the merry sparkling throbbing of water to leeward, and the delightfnl heaving and hurling and shearing dance of tbe Gbtden Hope, that was indeed like eome living feathered creature, fresh to liberty and un able to make enough of it* wings, of the height of the sky over it, of the mighty free dom of the deep aronnd it, and of the glorious mnsic of the clear strong wind, to whoso melodies all aboat her the sails added a stirring roll &s; of drums. Tbe men had long before washed the decks down, the wind had dried the planks, and they glistened like sand; in every bit of polished brasswork or smooth surface to give back light, rose coloured stars Hashed and faded, sparkled and sped with the movements of the schooner and the sailing of the san; from the chimney of the little caboose the smoke of tbe gallery fire streamed into the hollows of the gaff fore-sail ; the crew were preparing to get their breakfast; some dneks and bens amid ships qaacked and cackled. It was a picture of homely sea life ennobled by the airy beanty in and over it—a beanty Howing as Bnnligbr, mnaical as the wind, pars ae the aznre rifts, glad as the lnminons washing waters, ami majestic ae the vaporous mountains which enriched the heavens. Fortescae’s gsze met Stone's ; the old saiior smiled. ' She don't disappoint ye, I hope, air!1 he said. ' No, indeed ; her speed seems magnificent. What, is it, should yon say !' Mr. Stone gave a careless look to windward, then a half-glance to leeward. ‘ Ten knots, sir, noihen nnder ; what dy'e sny, Bill?' Breeches eased himself off the tiller rope a bit to take a glance astern at the wake; then with his former air of appearing lost in think ing of everything but his answer, said, Nearer eleven I should say.' ‘It can easily he settled,' exclaimed StoDe. Forward there ! lay aft a couple of you, mr lads, and heave the log.' Two of them arrived ; Harry Sawyer, a good sample of a sailor, with long arms fit to reach ont with, and fingers like fishhooks, and long legs for climbing rigging without ratlineis or for jockeying a yardarm ; and Joe Hall, an ordinary shaman, a nimble little fellow of abonttwo and twenty, with grinning eyes, tough hair, so pliant and boneless in his postures that he was more like an eel than a men. He held tbe log reel Sawyer tbe glass, and Stone hove the chip overboard, Mr. Forteacne beard the reel rattle as it span, and watched Sawyer’s eyes meeting m a squint in the sand glass aa he held it against the sky, whilst Stone helped the chip by a paU now and then at the line that made little Joe Hall sway again. * Stop I* bawled Sawyer; and stop it waa, with what aeemed to Mr. Forteacne to be half a mile of line towing astern. Stone groped for the knots. ‘ Nearer eleven than teD, air/ said he, with a face fall of wonder and triumph, * by all that's-* He checked himself in the presence of the clergyman, and added, * See ; bere'a the mark tor the halffj and there’s another quarter out aa well. Ten and three quarters. 1 Ay/ said Breeches, turning his back to Bay it, 1 and if you waa to allow another quarter for the drag, mate, you'd be nearer the mark yet/ Captain Hiram Weeks at this point stepped on deck, reJ-eyed fr*m a n&D;, and lookm* peculiarly tmnnt, and sallow, and taAllow, ami long in the bright morning light. He saluted Mr. Forteaoue, and instantly said, 1 What’s I she doing, Mr. Stone ?’ ‘Ten and three quarters by the log, but all eleven, aa Bill here aaye, allowin’ for the drag, air/ | ' Let ’em talk of steam after this, Mr. For teecue/ said Hiram, coming to the weather quarter with a Btride; ana with protruding eyes fall of sharp sailorly intelligence, he overhauled the extent of canvas and the trim of everything aloft in & flash, aa it were, so fait did he take it all in ; and then after wards, with the pleased expression the face of any eea captain will take when the wind is of the right kind and all things else aa they should be, he cast his gaze around the horizon. ' Hillo r said he. * A sail ahead there, Mr. Stone.’ Forteacne, who had been watching the tedious operation of reeling in the logline, looked in the direction indicated by the akipper, and observed a tiny star-coloured ob ject hovering like the tip of a swan’s wing upon the dim, weltering blue of the soa, about a point and a quarter on the weather ' She was sighted at dawn, bnt she’s growed bigger since/ said Mr, Stone, with a com placency that for some momenta puzzled Mr. Forteacne, wbn said— ' A sail! Ia that a ship!' ’ Ay, sir/ answered Hiram, going to the companion ; * a ship according to law, be cause it'* evident she ain’t propelled by oara. But whether she’s a ship according to sailors, or only a brig, or a schooner, there’a no telling for a bit; but only for a bit, sir, for we're catching her up fast enough to satisfy the impatience of a lady who’s got to open a bandbox afore she can tell how what’s inside it’ll become her.’ Saying which he smiled gauntly up at Fortescue and bawled in a hoarse note to 1 Johnny’ to bring him his glass. When the telescope arrived and wa* levelled, the gleaming object ahead proved to be the royals and topgallant sails of what the skipper said waa a big ship ; 'Steering the same course aa ourselves/ said Captain Hiram. * A frigate, maybe, bound to the Mediterranean, or what’s more like, a tea waggon going our road to the Hindies. But whatever she may prove to be, th’ Hope, Mr. ForteBcue, ain’t going to lei her remain a mystery long/ and a mute would have smiled to hear the bray-like laugh this long, lean, lank and leather fellow gave as he rolled his eyes all over the schooner and chafed his hands, as if he were working to get the stains of tar out. They went to breakfast, a snug little meal, for Mr. Salt, who was an ol i hand at pro visioning ships, had so stocked the Golden Hope, that there was little Forteacne could not get by asking, if except appetite, the relish that ia more often found at aea than carried there. His spirit* were better than ho remembered them for mouths. The pace of the schooner, the bright morning, tue gladness of the sweet and frothing and swelling ocean coming into him, had given him a lightness of heart. Things seemed clearer to him also. The purpose of bis voyage, its inspiration, its prospects ; he felt a power of realising things more closely, yet of diffusing his mind, too, aa though a mental mist that had hidden everything but Agatha and what her name implied, had thinned ; thereby not only offering him a clearer pre sentment of motive and mission, but a eight of other things aa well. This perhaps might have been evident in the increased attention he gave to Captain Weeka’a remarks and appearance, and in the fancies which possessed him touching the :ontrast between his life at Wyloe and this. Could Mr. Clayton but see him now 1 how utterly vanished, indeed, how utterly extin guished, hy the liquid girdle of the deep, those curtseying women, those grinning sun burnt countrymen, those apple-faced babies, those bedridden crones, those rows of Sunday dressed figures he was wont to exhort! 0 rime, old Tima ! whilst the wings and the scythe are thine, who in his senses will deem that the age of miracles is over? The wand has been waved ; and lo 1 instead of a funeral, a sick parishioner, a congregation, a confirma tion class—here was Hiram WeekB with his legs stuck oat like a pair of open compasses, staring with eyes magnified by protrusion at every mouthful he held up on hia fork, hia leathern jaws busy with talk and mastica tion ; here waa a tossing interior swiftly con veying the clergyman over miles of water even as he sat breakfasting, with a glassy depth of hundreds of fathoms—for they were off ' Bounding*’—betwixt the keel that kept him afloat and the bottom, whilst God knows what qaeer fish were looking up with the wall eye of the cod or the flat Bquint of the dab at the ruddy aheathing of the Golden Hope flaabing comet-like through the liquid firmament that overhangs those hills and valleys of the deep, upon which are strewn grass-covered wrecks and the green skeletons of sailors. The sail ahead was going to furnish some excitement By noon they had risen her to her courses, when she waa clearly made out to be a large vessel under plain sail; but by the time the stern of her showed black like a blot of ink under her cotton-white canvas with the lift of the sea. Mr. Stone, who had been watching her with attention from anxiety (as Mr. Forteacne Baw after a little) that she might serve to illustrate the schooner’s going power, suddenly sang oat whilst he kept his eye at the telescope— * There goes hia foretopm'at stnn’eail! By the Lord Harry, akipper, they've took notice of us at last, and mean to make a race of it/ It was evidently what the old fellow hoped and wanted, for he toppled about with ex citement, whilst he thrust the glass into Mr. Forteecue’s hands and begged him to see for himself. What a foretopmast stun'aail waa the clergyman had not the least idea ; and if Mr. Stone had told him that the stranger ahead had set his flying jib abaft the spanker he would, in all probability, have simply Baid, 1 Really !’ 8ut it was not hardffor him to perceive after a little manoeuvring with the glass that the ship was a perfect pyramid of canvas, a ehining outline against the piebald aky that way ; and even as he gazed ha observed an extension of her sails on the weather ride, which when he called Captain Weeks's atten tion to it, canard the skipper to yell out * Mr. Stone ! Mr, Stone ! all larboard Btun’eaila as I’m a live man. from the royal yardarm to the swinging boom 1 A smart ship, Mr. For tcacue, a smart ship, sir 1 Why, God bless ! my sout and body ! to think now of gear and canvas whipped aloft pretty nizh as fast as a man can watch them doing of it/ You saw how the contest of speed that had now practically begun was exciting the men, who, at work on the jobs which are as end less as a Bailor’s growling, peered and stared ahead and dodged whatever was in their way, to get a look ; whilst the schooner snored through it, making one long steady, seething plunge after another till the crowded water under her figure head rose in milk to the forecastle rail ; until after dinner, 2 o'clock, it waa just the breeze for ber. a good cap full fit to let her exhibit all ehe had for an occa sion nf this kind, though more was on her than she needed for sober sailing. The clouda were then blowing along in smaller masses, and if here and there one rose slow and ponderous the skirts of it were rent ere it had fairly lifted, and drove fast ahead in patches. Also there was a windy dimness ia the sunshine, and the greenish hue of the eea had darkened into a hard wintry olive, with a quicker melting of the head* of the surges, a swifter ran of them, and a swarm ing of yeasty looking stuff In the troughs. But at times a puff would sing with a shrill edge in it ; it whs aa though the weather could not make op its mind ; and at such momenta every brace and gay, every Bheet, tack, Bhroud, and backstay was a screwed* up fiddle-string for the wind to screech upon. l*o m corratro.) '*Having on several occasions used your Cordial Brim o Llqnorios, I oonrider it my duty to give my testimony to its woaderful efficacy for coughs and colds. With the Balm of Llquorfosln ths house hogs of ua fear the efleol cl a oold or ooogh. For croup in children I cavsr knew it UN." J. c. Lean, 8oulh Brighton. DTOBTOHJTB 0ORDIAL BALM OF LfQCOSTOE. Is. 6d. and 2a. fld. per bottle. Of a)l ea * salats.—{Am ] 