Ctte JRibfrinr %nw'i: ,'PUBLISHED DAILY) J Ec'irocA, Wednesday, Novembbh 2, 1887. | DELAY AT~THE WEIARF.~ ' ( In o'ir issue of yesterday we published a paragraph relathe to the great incon venience shippers and omenta are con- . stnntly being put -to,'through' not being able to get their wool away for the want of trucks and tarpaulins. This incon venience is assuming such increasing pro-1 portions that we deem it necessary to allude to the matter, in the bopo of bringing the inconvenience under the notice of the Railway Commissioners. There are now between two and three thousand bales of wool at the wharf waiting for trucks to take them away, with apparently little prospect of bei»g removed for some time at any rate. When we visited the wharl yesterday we saw two baraes and the B.m'am steamer unloading and filling the slie.ls. At first sight this may not appear a groat hardship, but if inqnirics irenmde it will soon become patent that a most gve-vions injtisticn is being done all round. In the first, place air the wool reauires two handling?, when it trucks woro in waiting once would suffice. Again, it becomes vory laborious to pile up the bales in the sheds, but if the wool is not cleared out of the barge with despatch, when once com menced, a great risk has to be run in case of rain, for when the top bales are taken.off the land, there is then a flat surface, and al'hougb tarpaulins may beplticed over the cn'igo, it is almost iniposs blo to provent the wetBoaki"!? through. Again, there ir not only risk from water, but also from fire. Already on more than one occasion the wharf has been very nearly oh fire. It is therefore vory plain that thore is a serious lisk to be run from firft, especially when there is there from two to three thousand bales of wool, worth perhaps £30,000 to £40,000 I . But it may bo said why complain, when the pvi) cannot be remedied,' it.is only natural that thore should be some littlo inconvenience at this season of the year, which will soon bo obviated. Dnt from inquiries made wo nre of opinion that with a littlo more energy and better management on the piirfc of tho traffic manager, the block might, at all events,'Jin'.very'; materially mitigated. We are told that sometimes thei <• i>re trucks, bnt no tarpaulins, and at oth'v'r times there is a good supply of the Intti'f, but none of; the former! In fact there is generally a feust or a famine of one thing or the ■ other. Surely, with a vpry little management, this state of affairs ■might be remedied.At tho present time, shippers nro.inn perfect dilemma ; they wart togat their boats awny for more cargo, and- yet tho.v are . afraid. to commence unloading for the . roust ns we havo oxplnint'd. If they get half 'unloaded, and then have to wait for trucks, they run the risk of rain, and if tijey put their cargo into tlto sheds tlioy have to handle tho wool twice, whioh moans double exponso, and^in either case the crow have to be paid, and other expenses incidental | to delay must necessarily be incurred. It is tbUs clearly shown that a great injury I is being done to one of tho most important mrliiafcries of Echuca, and wo certainly Lope, now that this question has been prominently " brought under the notice of the Railway department, that every exer tion will 'be made to remedy the evil of which we complain. If Mr Speight had 'been at the whorfyesterday he would have seen the cranes busy at work unloading throe or four steamers and barges, and be would also Lave seen < he wharf engine there without a single truok to tako away the valuable cargo. At such a sight as this we are suro lie would have said "thiB might not so to be." TlierS is one other important phase to look at in this question. The pas oralist will natuially sny what is the use of his sending wool via liclmca if it cannot be taken on quickly to the sea port—2,000 or 8,000 bales of wool ready for carriage to Melbourne, and there it lies waiting the pleasure of the Railway 1 department, and the ship that was intended | to cunvey the wool sails without it, and probably a great loss is thereby sustained in the price of woo!. Perhaps our energetic member, Mr Shnckell, will look into this matter, and urge on the depart ment to greater exertions, and not allow with impunity a great injustice being done .to liclmca, which, considering the im mense trade done here, is surely worthy of more attention, as i' i'b still the " second port in Victoria." A Phenomenal Fall op Bain.—During the severe storm which visited the district Inst wiek, although the rainfnll was heavy in and about Echuca, the full force of the downpour seems to have been experienced at Mat)on-la Park station. The manager, Mr Alexin,der Warren, inform* ub thut from about five o'clook ill the mornii g to a little past midday an amount of 137 points was legistered. 'lhe rain Mine down vory steadily for tho brief period, and will be productive of a considerable amount of good. Preparations were being made prior to the downfall to irrigate the crops uudor cultiva tion. The previous warm weather, ail'hough oniy of short duration, had had its eflect upon the growing crops, and the sun's rays were beginning to tell. There will not bo any pressing need, however, of irrigating the lands for a lit lo while longor. The grass landB and crop are looking in splendid oondition. Laying the Ghost.—Somo few weeks ago | complaints were made concerning the rctioh (of a woman playin? the ghost, with the ' ostensible object of frightening tho inmato of a certain cottage oft High-streot. vVhut purpose the p»rson had in view has been hinted at, but not definitely staled. In consequoncB of t'te complaints made lhe matter was put in the hands of the police. In the meantime the ghost walker was actually caught in flagrante delicto, but as the person who caught the ghost failed to rake particular cognizance ot tile party, tho result has not been »hat the authorities deem satisfactory. The case was the subject of asrer >1 ropoits, and it is beyond question that , the person who took it into her head t" play tl e praiiK h 'S had a very narrow escapu of lo ing her liberty for throe or four months. Indeed ha I the witness who caught tho assumed ghost been nble to definitely fix the exact hour of the night, a shatge of being unlawfully on the premises would have been enterod, and for this offence the punish ment is imprisonment for three months, with out the option of a fine. People therefore who may feel disposed to play such pranks as " ghosts" should take particular care that they do not get upon their neighbor's ground, otherwise the consequence mny bt morn serious than they imagine. The pre sent ghoat si ems to have been effectually laid by tho step? taken, Chanob in Mode op Fixtures.—Who ever is responsible for tho fixtures of the quarterly licensing courts at Echuca, Ro chester, and Elmore, has for some unex. plained reason altered the method of pro cedure. Usually the Echuca court bas been hold first and the Rochester and El more follow in order named. For the next quarterly licensing meeting, however, this order has been reversed, and the respective courts are dated as follows. - Elmoro 19tb December ; Rochester, 20!h December ; and lfchuca, 21st December. Tho ohatige will not, perhaps, mateiially affect Echuca, though probably not be so convenient to the magistrates. Tub New Hebrides.-Tho Age states Negotiations are still proceeding between the j Premier of New South ^ alas and Mr Gillies ou the subject of establishing a regular mail service between the New Hebrides, Sydney and "Melbourne. It is proposed to sub sidise a line of steamers and by this means devilope a trade. Originally it | was suggested thut a Bteamer should , touch rogulurly onco a month at the most important harbors of tho Now Hebrides group, hut an oSer has since been made for a Fortnightly service, and this still constitutes the Bubjeot of negotiations. But in the moantimo it has beon arranged that tho first, vessel shall be duspa'ched to the New Hebrides from Sydney within the next few days." S.A. Wheat " Oiior.—Tho Adolaido Observer saya In an interview : with tho Hon John Dunn, M.L.C., of the well known firm of Mes-is John TJuilii and Co., that gentleman stated to our represen tative <m Monday that tho coming wheat harvest would in his opinion average about 8 bushels to the acre. .Ho referred to the difficulty of making re-liable est mutes of tho yield in tho absence of tho accurate infor formation as to the extonsivo aria under cultivation. Ho was unablo to give any thing like a cheerful vi>>w with regard to tho price, remarking that unless wheat could be procurcu at tne outportat3» per bushel, so far as the present outlook was conceriiod, there would bo but little iiiducemuiit for shippers to buy. Of courso a great deal do ponded upon tho froigfits to Europe in mak ing a calculation of tho price whioji wheat exporters cou'd pay. Rki'uted Cure for Phvlioxeka.—A report is going the round (says tho Melbourno Leader) ihat a remedy has been discovered in Spain for tho disease known as phylloxera, and Mio Minister of Agriculture has receired information on the subjact whiehHio is anxious should bo published for the good of vino growers The remedy consists of a mixture ot quicklime, salt, and soda, in proportional quantities and reduced to powder, a pjund weight being applied to each plant, -of the roots, from which the earth Bhould be fairly cleared away, and as tho phylloxera, on visiting u plant, desoonds the stem lo lay its eggs amongst the roots, ou ooming iu contact with tho mixture its natural desires are instantly olioikod, and it spreads its wings and departs. This may bo tile case bo far as it goes, but knowing that liiing phylloxera liavo boon found on the roots of vines soven years after tlioy hail b«on severed from tho t'ips, it cannot bo considered effectual, unless tho roots were free from insects nc tho time of application. Sohkmi; for Rabbit Destruction.— Torrena' scheme for rabbit destruction , lias, :for its basjs,: the onolosing of a strip or block of country, say a run or part of a run, with "ire-nettiiig. Then thore is to bo a diagonal wire fonco ereoted from otio fence to the other. The stock and rabbits are to bo driven forward, and tho diagonal fenco to bo shifted accordingly. Ai tho further end theie is to b.i euclosod a btu'11 paddock into which tho rabbits w iuld be drivon and killed wliplusale. This reads very well (says tho Australasian), but of thocoit no estimate' is given. Mr Abigail, Minister of Mines for Nc* SouOi Walos, thinks tho publication of j the suggestions may provo useful to ocou plera of infested country, ' I A Puf.feot Charged with Terrible Outrages.—There is an extraordinary otory about the Prefect of Ruatchuk, M. Mnntnfi in a letter appearing in the 1'esther Lloj/d, from a Philo Bulgarian source. "If what .we aire told of the doinga of this prefoot be true, he has surpassed", says a Standard oor - respondent, " ceon tho old Turkish pnalins in caprioe and cruelty, i.nd in systematic blr.ckma.Uing, in (he Interest of himself and hio nsaooiptes. That he should be very hard upon those ill nrfotlrs with the Government taxes mieht be pardoned, but, according to Pesther Lloyd, M. Mantoff has threatened pome of ' the country people hs Revo' lutionists if they did not pay extra tasea ! and M. Mnntofr's men had fastened several aged. Mtihommedana at Vetova to trees And maltreated them until they had lost consciousness, beooiiee they pro tested ajainst extortion. - Moreover we are told that gendarmes under M. Mantoffa ordere had, in a state of intoxication, entered mosques and poured wine ovor tho carpets embroided with verses from the Koran, and finally that tome of those offioers had violated Manhoimrcdnn women without anyone daring fo ratf a complaint against iW. Man toff, the hero "f the Rustchuk viotory over the rebellion and victim of the attempted assassination in Bucharest. The story, if not wholly fabricated, is apparently a gross ex aggeration." The Railway Commissioners have issued a seriea of by-laws fixing charges for tho car riages of paroels, samples, and lugg"fre. For parcels the ra'es up to 25 miles will be 3d. f»r 71b. and 141b ; for not ovor 60 miles, 5d. for the same weights ; fnr not over '75 miles, Gu. ; for not .wm 101 miles, 8d. ; and for every additional 25 mileB, Id for ench 71b. parcels and 2d fnr each 141b parcel. Rates are also fixed for the carriage of newspapora ranging frnm 4d. for 71b. weight ovor a dis tance of 25 milos, to Cs. 8d. for a parcel of 1121b. conveyed 101 inilo?. Newspaper parcels under the 7\b weight can bo forwarded any distmoe if each newBpapor con tuned in it is stamped with t\ halfpenny freight or post ago stamp, : Perishable goods must be prepaid, and 50 per cent, additional to ordinary rates will be collected on light and fragile goods, such as furniture, glata, hat boxes, millinery, and straw bonnets. Books lout from free or publio libraries will be returned free of charge. PreBs parcels or despatches not exceed ing lib. eaoh can be forwarded any diatance if bearing a penny freight or postage stamp.' The regulnt'ons also provide that commercial travellers using firat-class tickets will be allowed 1J cwt of luggage, carriage free, and everythine over that weight to bo charged half excess fares The amount o£ luggage which eaoh first class passenger can carry without pay ment will be 841b. and each aecond-olass passenger 561b. Persons will not be per mitted lo regard bicycles aa ordinary lug i-iga, but will have lo pay one shilling for tho first 25 miles. Perambulators will charged for at half the rate of bicycles, namoly, 6d for the first 25 miles, and 3d for each additional 25 miles. Special rates are also fixed for the conveyance of parcels within 7the suburban residential area, and for the carriage of returned empties. Dr Abernethy, the eminent London Physician is reported to have said that "hia mistakes would fill a graveyard," and it this confession was volunteered by so distinguished a practitioner what extreme caution slwuld be used by those in quest of an adjuvant,diuretic or a tonic. To avoid all mistakes, ask for Wolfk's -Schnapps, and by a contiguous use of the anie, scurc for yourself an extended lease on life 