THE HoiiDEisr ' PE;' A ROMANCE' OF THE DEEP. ' '' I dreamt s drum test WW not 11 drosui.' ' ' Br W ClaiIb Russell. . ChapxhrXXIX —The TBCIB. ' The island' atood plalo in the powerful lens of the glass. . Tbe tremble of the surf at -the base.was visible, a thin white throbbing vein that gave the island the appearance of a mirage.by tbe enrf'a suggestion of clear apace betwixt tbe shore and the sea. It wa< still bine in tbe. blue atmosphere, with a fibrme fringing ot trees in places ; and the two hills and the graceful arching over into the water of the north-western point of ihe land with theeastern-carve,'made ite resemblance to a camel standing to its belly in the water, with its head under, as startling in ita queer, accu racy as a face in the fire or some wild likeness in a cloud, The moment For:esoue had it tall, a swimming and a faintneas chilled his brain ; ha shut his oyea, but, with less effort | than before, rallied and levelled the telescope | afresh; - As the lineaments of the land came | out tremulous upon tbe azure, an overwhelm | ing emotion of awe and dread and wonder | possessed him. Thebe was the island of his I vision ? What agency but the hand of God | had painted in its complete colonrs npon the eye of hie slumbering soul that little epace of land yonder that had been unknown to him | as any valley, grove, or mountain cop in the Diignceai oi tne pianets i it waa una oemg brought close to the eplrit of God to behold that manifestation of His holy guiding : to survey in' its realisation the gleaming visionary object be had marked the darling of his heart appealing to him from. > .Had there boen nothing of human' tenderness, of hnman grief, of human yearning and paaaion iu thia revelation, .there wonld have been too much of mystery, of high enpernatnralismin it for the mind of Fortescne toenpport in hie then state of health. Bnt there was Agatha to think of. The motive, the isBne of the voyage, became tin absorbing thought, re moving him from the perils of the great owe which Cher profonnder eenee of this act of Divine disclosure wonld have .begotten in him. Was she on the island 1 Would ebe \- be living or dead ? ' Dear God 1' he cried in i bis heart, and hie eye turned blind, against the glass aa hia sonl came to hie lips, in prdver.- When thA schooner waa within two and a half miles of the island they took a cast of tbe lead,' bpt ho bottom wae fonod. : Soon I afterwards the larger of the boats was got | over and towed astern, and the stnnsaila | taken in.i A gaze as searching and intent as | ever shipwrecked mariners levelled from rock | to rigging at the Bea was fixed by tbe crew of | the Goldqn Hope npon the island ;.but not to | their naked eyes nor yet to the glssaee which Hiram aod Stone directed at the land was | there visible tbe least Bign of anyone being I alive there. No smoke roso to the wind, no | rsg not signal flattered. Id the glorious | morning, snnthine veering northerly, each | small eminence threw ita blue-black shadow | south -west ; off. the surface of cocoanut trees ( rose a silvery.; greenish gleam, that had the | fluctuating irjdeeconce of oil and water, as | tbe breeze tf enabled in the foliage, and the I eettinc ot the little island in the pure azure of the deep, vivid ' arid beautiful as it was with rich tropical tints of vegetation, of bush, of long gras'a, of Bward-like slopes, of the shadows oP aeclivities, of the chequered brightness of coral Band, waa accentuated, in a manner that from the . distance of the schooner gave the picture a gem-like emerald loveliness by .the heaping of the .white surf I along -the windward .length of it, a boiling of Uba-I.a-4 Unil fit a rlo-xv'u nf O. fiyflBB fif drifted snow. Now that Ihe island was made on6 saw the relief in Hiram and Stone, The correctness of the captain's navigation on the one side, the vindication of the mate's solemn state- ment on the other, were a satisfaction to these two plain Bailors that no wonder nor donbts as to what waa next to happen conld at all impair. ' We've done what we waa asked to do, what was expected of ns, Bill,' Qiram Bsid ; and that one or t'other of us ie out by twenty or thirty miles means nothen, Beein' ae there it is, straight ahead, as if we had been warped to il from the other side of the airth. Bnt consider— only consider — if we'd ha' passed it ont o' sight from yon masthead ! We might have found it by crnisin' -about— and we mightn't— and if we hadn't, yon'd ha' been thonght a liar, and I'd ha1 been thought incapableof trnly navigating a craft. There'd been rowB arter, and a reg'lar bloomio' muddle, whilst as to him ' and he nodded towards Fortencue with an extravagant shrug of the shoulder. ' | But if the leeling of relief and gratification | was lively and lasting, it waa soon aubordi- nated for the time to -an intense, perfectly | natural cariosity as ., (whether the clergy- I man's extraordinary"1® am waa to be com pletely confirmed b_>nn<|,15iecovery of the lady, or whether tbe isl'raed Pits desolation, was to convert tbe whdy drihge into a piece of wild, worthless, aid of wiperstitlon. Ae the spot of land drew li-q more within the scope ot the eyes t»- trepan it, tho crew assembled in the bows, and standing-by for orders, whispered among themselves. The cheer they had given was not one they would have repeated in tbeir present mooa. it wae true the island lay solid and snrf-beaten— an 1 actual fact that the most nervontly tmagi- 1 native eye could not convert into s fantasy ; I but it waa something that had been seen thousand® of miles off in a vieion» ana there- 1 fore to be viewed with awe and superstitions I creeping, ae old Bteechee implied, when, I giving hia troueerB a drag up and spitting I over the side, ' There's nothing in it that e onnatnral. I've seen the lijtee of eucn I ialeyands scores of times ; bat I don t mind owniu' that I wouldn't take the walue of a gentleman's house oshore, to sleep alone for I one night on it. If ye wsa to tell me l'd see a ghost I'd go ; if ye wae to tell me the devil waa in hidin' there I'd go. There nothing ae I coald feel cocksnre on as ud stop me. But when there's no one to say what a man might see, or what might happen, to him, ewailer my eyeballs, Micky, if a chape to be called afeerd for keepin" to windward of the moonshine in eitch a quarter. Of coarse, the c-iok took the same view ; and tbiongh the atmosphere of such talk as this the ignorant, superstitious, but hearty, lively eailora watched the island 8tAf tor Fortescne had satisfied bim self that there was nothing to be seen on shore indica tive of the presence of hnman beings, he stood watching and waiting without speech ; bnt nobody conld have glanced at him without .witnessing the formidable conflict of emotions that was being waged within him. Formidable as it was, and the more so yet, because even hie own- intelligence, thinking amid that central, calm, which like the vortex of the ctclone is to be fonnd ot tne heart of tbe wildest human agitation, might feartally uncy mat should be hie fear'a or hie hope a. such wae tbe iutensity of bis meutal tumult his brain at tbe iBsue would stand in dire peril. And 1 indeed it wonld have been enough to derange | ISe stoutesi mind to behold the is and tbat had been as visionary as a dream at wytoe— I steadfast green aod ehioing upon the eea under " ; e'cbloner-e jibboom - the same in outline, tint, vegetation !— the same in the I swarming of the giddv froth along its margin ! —the same iu it- fringing and clustering of trees and bash !-thesame in minute detBils converging to the inexpressibly real and yet phantasmal aspect it bore when it dimly but discernibly formed a back ground for the | impassioned, despairfnl pleading figure i of A£ha Btretcbiojc ont hef arm® t'i bim, «oo 1 the shelving beach beyond tbeeurf.acrosethe aWtheJe0? ' Wm it possible, after nine months, that ebe ebould be llvl.nl,,. a"(l there, amidst this tremendons soli'.ude of ocean that gathered a terrible emphasis from j the very beauty of the lonely islet . At wh,®b I thought regnlarly' recntriog a Bhnddor would pass through bim that wrenched him ae a convulsion, and again and again both Stone and Hiram marked him smear with his handkerchief the sweat off his tarehead, j lunorsnt thst he did bo, and conBcions of nothing bat the rending thought— Shopld he pimd his Love? The schooner swept onwards j the island was now within a mile and a half ; another cast of the lead was bad, end by the time the lead was coiled down the roar of the BOtf was a distinct hollow moaning in tbe wind. Hiram took a fresh look at the land through the glass and shook his head at S'ooe ; then sent his orders along tbe deck in a voice treronlons with excitement. , , 'Hands by the weather topsail brace. TL,»n annsressil ! Hani the tack of tbe msi'.sl up! Down helm! And amid a hurrying of figures and a song Golden Hope was brought to the wind, and lay hove to, rolling lightly upon the bwsii, a mile trora tbe iBland. . . Mr. Fortescne, will yon come along wttn me, sir, or would yen rather remain here . said S'one, softly. - ' ' . The curate started as from a tranoe, and stared iat the old aaltor before replying. It waa then tbat his resolntlon,' which any man fqbjsbsd bf-|«cWt«f»Pg«»»A nttttoveuwior. jmigbc hava sworn he -us wanting tn at ihot i moment, cams to ;htm in a flash;' and'1 .t£ontf|"»<K«e marveitcrns l draught _had transformed nerve into steel ana mind into iron will, ' - ' ' Why, 'With yon, Mr. Stone t How else ? Are you re&ay; ; j ' All ready, sir; but I'd hombly represent that if she— if the lady — or putting itin' tHie way : Suppose- — the old fellow was stent-' mertng ; bat ForteBcae glanced st him with a slight frown of enrprise, nnd walked to the gangway. , I®lnP tato the boat two of yon, my lads. Hiram "' y011 lake an oar,' sang , ont There seemetfasort of hanging back among the men. In trntb, at any other moment there wonld have been something to langb at in the fellows who had collected near the caboose, elbowing one another and 'yet shoving close together and staring one past another ; Duck, with a kind of grin that signified anything bnt mirth j Anson, the ®9®ki sulky and yellow ; Johnny Simpson, hiding in the ,rear ; Goldsmith, with obsti nate leathern jaws, slowly gnawing npon a junk ot tobacco ; and so on. - - ' Now then, into the boat two of ye, d'ye hear . bawled Hiram afresh ; on which Breeches, with a soar face and mattering in hie growling croaking voice, ' Well, here goes for one. -A dog mnet have two tails afore he feels too prond to obey horders,' 'walked to' the gangway, and was followed by'yonng Joe Hall. In a few moments the' boat waa pulling away towards the island. Fortescne in the stern sheets and old Stone working away aa strose, looking over his shoalder to 1 get the boat's head fair for tho point it was necessary to round. It wonld be hard it no answer was ever re- tarned to the prayers which men iu suffering pat ap to God. It is so nataral to lift np the I heart and the hand to Heaven when | help, forgiveness, Bolace, Btrengtb are | needed that the instinct of intuition which prompts the gesture and the | whisper is one of the profonndeBt assa- I ranees we poaseBS that tbe sonl that rises | with as is a star that ' cometh from afar,' and ' from God who is onr homo.' The | sodden strength, nerve, power, let it be | called what it will, that had communicated a sense of iron resolution to Fortescne's- mind, enfeebled by a hundred distracting emotions,- made dangerous by the dark shadow of the special snperaataralism of the laBt momenta of the ontwnrd passage, mast have been an answer to' his appeal. ! He had prayed for strength to encounter what ever was- soon to be proved to have lain hidden in the darkness behind the dream he had dreamt, and ' it had been granted him, and itwas well hahad it. It ie a common thing to bear of expectation rising, to agony ; bat conceive what was felt by that marble faced man, with. his lips compieSBed to blood- lessness, hiB eyes scrntinieing and horning, his arms tightly folded upon, hie breast ae though he wonld physically crash down the tormenting ana Btcicentng . Doanaing oi nis heart ; conceive bia feelings aa he. sat looking towards tbe island, as the . doll thunder of the sail came. rolling to his ears over the long ocean ewelle, as no sign of hnman.or sentient thing was visible to distort) to . the sight tbe frightful and enormous loneliness of that little epace of land swept by the eea breeze and shining verdant to the son. Why, it was enoneh to shake him to the very centre of bis being merely to know, by seeing tbe island itself, how vivid, beyond all possible capacity 1 1 ot the mini's mechanism, unaided by direct revelation, wsb. the vision be bad beheld in I . hie slumber at Wyloe- He was measuring I ' now the identical apace of waters he bad | ( seen the boat that contained Agatha passing | over. >Vas she there? Amid that boiling I whiteness yonder the boat had gone to pieces, I and throagh that same thnnderons aurf Bbe had been dragged by an heroic hand, and jnat I beyond it she had kneeled, then roee, and | yearned for him with extended arms and a I face fall of the inexpressible angniflh of a hopeless spirit. He had seen it all, though I tbe mere thonght of the infinite leagues that I separated him from the spot where tbia Bcene I of flashing ocean, and ponring Ban, and vet- 1 daat island had risen before hiB sealed eyes wrenched him with the wondeifnlness of it like a heart-shudder. Was she there? Oh! sorely the mercifnl God wonld not have led him thne far for ho purpose. For sheer relief be tarned his eyeballs, aching from the strain of the _ intensely | searching gaze he fixed npon the island, to the schooner— the beautiful schooner— the I noble, staunch, auspiciously named Golden | Hope ; and tbe clear reflection of her ap- 1 pearance came like a soothing greeting to him | I as for a moment or two be marked ber I 1 9waying npon the floating heaving of the | deep, with a little windy ruahingof fingerlike | shadows over her white sails, and flashings in the brimming bine liquid brows from the | starry radiance kindled tn her wet sides by 1 the sunshine, and the heads of the crew | lilipntianised by distance, looking at the 1 receding boat over tbe raiL | The men pulled steadily ; Stone very grave, I with occasional Bide equinta at Fortescne, | and prolonged looks over his shoulder at the | island. Bteeobee, in the bowe. with the natural sourness of hiB expression emphasised | by the drawn down corners of bis month, the I corvee whereof, at least on the right cheek, | were made longer by the Aetk stains of I tobacco jatce , and yonng Joe Hall between, (giving his supple trunk a devil-may-care awing as though he reckoned .himself spe cially watched from the schooner and com- 1 raented npon Silence was maintained for some time. At last old Stone, bringing his eye® away from the land, and staring under twisted eyebrows past Fortescne at tbe sea, mattered with a deep sigh or two— ' Helgho !' heigho t here it was, William, that I was that dry for drink I whuld have swapped the mother that bore me for a qoar. tor of a pint of water. By tbe way, Mr. r cr ies cue, did yon. bring e'er a drop o brandy along with-yoa ? . , 1 Yee, I-have a flask in my pocket, one- i wered the elergymsn. ' Well, I'meantto have reminded yet of it, sir. It may be wanted— there's no knowing He tried to inspect the island. Make put any signs of life there, Bill ? See anything moving ?' ' No,' responded Breeches hoarsely ; an' oniess it's them as Mr- Fortescne eeeke, we I don't want to see nothen.' ' How long it H be, Mr. Stone, since them we've come to fetch has bin cast away r asked Nine months, Joe, nine months,' re sponded Stone, with something of depreca. tton in his manner, evidently considering the qneatron mat apropos, and sneaking with singular solemnity. Then, addressing Mr. Fortescne, 'If there's any persona ashore there, air, they'll have to be behind them hnmps. It's smooth water t'other aide, and it's rayionable tbey should settle to leeward for the convenience ol goin' a fishing, not to I mention living olear of the shindy of that there surf. Heasy, Bill. Let a get her bead ont more. Why, this is a time of hexpecty I . t I rtnMnn ftffft mil If- if tioaan do rawwici " wouldu'c hav® boon a sood idea to nave fired a rocket or ®o, not having agon aboard, that tbe explosion aloft might bring anybody what'® a«hore down to the bech to have a looks' He combed the aveat from hi® face with one hand, rowing with the other, a® he added, with a freab gWnce at the island ' It a enough to make tho heart buat clear of Ita moorin'a with anxiety to see them two bite o' hills stuck up there blottin ont the view one wants to get,' and then observing that tbe clergyman was absolutely incapable of conversation, the old fellow sank into silence with a dim far-away expression in hie eyes that would have easily caused yon to gneae he was thinking of his own shipwreck in these waters. The white surf boiled np the beach and rnshed back in tbnnder. Seeing the vast resplendent breaking of the fine weather bteakera npon that coral . shore, jon might waall kali. annMOwl th ftt m itOtlfi tu8 IflM muet sweep iu enow over tbe iekuuL Giddy priemetlo spooling® of tbrobbiog water rose , fountain-like against tbe nocibem point when the arcb of the land, by Iti peculiar configuration, completed thai oaoael aspect that ba been again and again referred to. Kvery hue of growth and verdnre waa of lin gular tropical laxurianoe ; gaining in depth I and purity of dye with tho approaching gaz-. I whilst tbe ibeen of the snnligbe over all hang like a eilver mist that gave tbe aky an I appearance of auickeUvei for many fathom® above the fringing of tho tree® and the top® of the little hul®. Now, paet the ®urf a few I aeafowl conld be aeea waddhog npon a I steaming ®lope ; lei® than a a core were on tbe I wing, Bailing, like Ibe common gulL with arched neck and on tremoorleaa pinion®. I The Bound of the breakers was like a oeyae- I lea® cannonading ; the softened commingling I th JAtomtion® of small ordnance 1 Tbe creek'® round that corner— it'® smooth | there. Pull, lada 1 cried Stone, with sudden I excitement Tbe polnfc, to which they bad to give a widish berth, since the surf osme down to ,« I thin, bnt alwsys dangeron., opened rajfldly to I the etroke of the oars, and nvealed the lee- I ward part ot the island descending verdant and tender from the hillside to a broad strip I of green level, whence went the sea, bine and I quiet. The creek lay c'®sr. . I hqidtcl tathome of radiant water luto the land; . Tne, boat;, heading for it, cfrtne broSd;, -side to the swell. I At this instant Fortoscne leapt to. Wff feet with asortof scream. 'Look! be shrieks,' l.pomting over the - bow,' and he 'nttereii a lend hritericellaBgh, I ' Sit'dowa ! For U-ids sake sit down, sir V | roared otone, 'orye'tl capsize the' boat 1' ' Cr tbuoder, it's a sizs 1' cried Bteeches. Stouo grasped the clorgrmen, and forced him to eit, and whilst he stilt held him, looked towards ehe land, nbern, to tbe right of ths'creek, midway between . its sea opeu: ing and its laud limit, stood a tall hnman figare, with hie hands hanging motionless to | his siao, his dark face tarned towards the | boat, and- tim whole aspect of him so rigid that he might have pasted for tbe wooden effigy of a shipwrecked sailor, fixed by some ironical hand npon that lonely rock, to | counterfeit the bsrrnan agony of the living | castaway. | Furteecue tat in tho stern shoots, his bands 1 gripping tbe gunwale so fiercely yoa saw the | veioe standing up like whipcord under the delicate Bkin, hie face flashed to the. brow, his lips parted', hie respiration short, nod j oppressed, and with rach a light in his eyes | that anyone might have sworn they hod caught tbe febrile Are from madness. Ihe | long sweep of thtroars had brought the boat | near enough to tho mouth of toe croek to | suable bim to distitighisb tho man's foaturas, | dud it wag anothor shock, too fall of the | supernatural in its first impulse tor joy, for him to witness in the lonely figure the-very | tikouesa of the man he had beheld itv hia vision battling through the ourt and bearing Agotba ashore. , ' It ie the boatswain- of tbe Vernlam,' he cried, eo huskily as to barely articulate 'r at the same moment the boat onterod the smooth water of tho croek, and was pre sently laid alongside tho white sand on the right, that went, np into grass and buab. Motionlessly, with hanging arms and burnt hollow face, the meo bad been watch ing them ; he now raised a strange cry of transport, which fonnd a derisive echo in- the hoarse notes of tho birds- overhead, and made as il he wonld inn towards the boat ; bat God beet kaowe the emotions that would paralyse him at Bach a- time ; be took a stride or two and fell headjong, and there lay, whilst Fnrtescue, Stone, and Breeches jumped out of the boat, leaving Hall in charge. I I ' Hue the sight ol ne killed him" said Stone, in a trqmbling whisper, whilst Bteeches caet a hurried nervous glance'(aroaad. Bat ere they reached him he had struggled to bin legs and stood erect before them. Father of mercy i what a figure piteouely trembling from bead, to foot, his. lips moving but without' utterance, tears coursing down his cheeks. , A ragged seaman's jacket | covered hia naked breast, and he were a pair | of canvas trousers in shreds about the legs. | This was hie attire. . Hie black hair woe ae | long as a woman's, and lay npon hie back | and shoulders in a matted mass, . Hie face | wae nearly of the complexion of _ chocolate | with sunburn, and . his wild, shipwrecked most lamentable appearance was completed by a long black beard and moustaches. And | yet the tall fignre,' the fine phyeiquo, the | manly looks of one who had been, and might | yet again be a noble specimen of an English | eailor, were visible through the tremors, the | tears, tho rage, the haggarduees of this casta' Forteacue ran to , him and grasped! his 1 band. 'You were the_ boatswain of the 1 Verulam !' he cried', ' We have come to-aave you.' , B The man sank opon his knees, kissing tbe I clergyman's hand. Tho Bpur of the southern most hill came down to the sea a quarter of a mile beyond; it was all green growth, to there, with eome cocanut trees on the bead that hid tho land behind. Forteacue looked that way, then at the kneeling, weeping, trembling man, and tried to apeak, but his voice failed him. On which Stone said, ' Give me the brandy, sir,' and ponring out a dram, presented it to tbe men. He dwak it, andStouc Bftid, ' For God'a sake collect your energies. Tia a surprise to kill a man pretty nigb( a® can't 1 reckon, bavin been myself cast away here, tbougb not for nine months, aa ye have. But it's all right now ; Ret on yonr lei, mate, and toll us if tvere s more of ye. Tell us,' he euid, putting bis lip® to the kneeling man's ear, if there be more of ye. . The suftpeuse of a lifetime may be crowded into a miuute ; think, then, of tbe srodv of it ! Tho mao tried to soottk, sttuReled, and whs helped on to his feet by S'one, who held him ; and he pressed his bands to his temples a® if hi® head would huat, whilst the rapt, eager gaze fixed upon him by the two seamen was in its way almost as passionately anxions I a? the eye which Forteacue regarded him | Merciful Christ !' suddenly exclaimed the man in a hollow voice, 'to think yoa should have come !. It is nine months you say 7 I ' For the love of God, shipmate, tell us— lace you alone?' cried Stone, aod Breeches I echoed. Aye, for God'e sake tell us 1 'No)' answered the man, frowning and I grinning with tbe violence of his eff »rte to 1 Steady nis mind, and atill trembling _and I weeping ; ' there i® a lady— beyond there— come !' he yelled ; let's get her— then be off I —then be off! There's only ua two ! Ill I carry her my®elf I I bore ber through the boiling outside to wind'ard. I saved ber from a bloody villain I Her life shall be owin to I me yet. Hoorah !' Again be made a® it to ran, snu ivu , but this time in a dead wood, and there he lay. for all they conld tell, a corpse Bill, keep by him. in case he comes to I' exclaimed Stone. ' Mr Fortescue, let e find the lady, air. No good was tin' a minute of time mor'n can be helped.' The grass and bash grew plentifully, the former of en Indian kind, so tall, harsh, and intertwined as to be etobborn to the thrusting of the leg. It. was oppvesalvely hot, the glare of Ihe sun coming down past the hi!' brassy in a blaze of light, on the verge of whose atmospheric circle- the few cloode blowing that way melted. The sea went away from the incline of the bill in a surface of exquisite blue ; but the silence in the island was full of the thunder of the eternal surge of the Indian Ocean breaking upon the windward shore. Wherever the coral Band atood bare to the eye, a dazz'e came off it almost as of polished tin. The arrival of the boat or the movementB of' the meo seemed to have quickened or alarmed ;he birde into activity, for now many sea fowl— a sort of gannet chiefly, black and grey-wheeled im- perilously overhead, flying out to sea in sadden darlings, then returning, and raising sounds that were like a continual sawing by » number of carpenters, every man working with a tool that yislded-a different note. Yet- through these cries and the sounds of ths surf could you hear the delicate moaning or sighing noiae of tbe pleasant trade win® blowing through the bushes, and beodtog tbe long grass, and making whatever foliage the trees hong ont to it tremble their greenish eheen ag&itiB;® the same heeyen® till It wee like en overflowing of silvery brightness from the leave,, very beautiful to behold. To think that I should find myself here azain 1' exclaimed Stone, rather thinking aloud than addressing Forteacue. Lord, what a lot a man goes through in thie bore WThey reached the summit of the spur,, anil .food a moment looking. From the baae of the short incline, the ground, thick with underRrowth, tosh and graei, went level to a similar slope of land that formed the spor or fall of the other hill. In the middle of thie flit, within ready observation, there stood a little structure, easily seen to be formed of the trunks and boughs of bushes, which nsd been stripped of all growths deemed super- Uncus, with an arched-shape roof of houghs and tbe like interlaced, and the whole fairly covered with grasa. plaited, and voltow with heat and decay. That was all. It was justa little arbour. Something like it yon will see in gardens where Rieat bushes have been hollowed into sn aperture yon have to stoop t0' She's nowhere about— that'll be het shelter, sir; you'll find her there, eatd Stone. In silence they approached the structure. Fortescne hardly breathed ; his lips were bloodless ; hs trembled almost as the man that fainted had; when within a stones throw of the hoots he stopped. It wae evident the entrance faced th sea or waa on the other aide. This side it wae a blank wall of' greenery ennningly wreathed, end moving M an exhibition of patience m BafTer ing and in hnpeleisnees. The curate grasped th® old sailor by the arm. ,lL ., , Mr. Stone, 'be whispered with hi® throat, 'if I should enddenly ehowmyi joy might erase b®r, you kcow. How shall Why. that thonght'® been in roe all thronvh/ answered Stone. 4 Suppose y stand behind one of these here bnibes— 1H wwrn in; if she'- thore I'll spesk to her and her. Belo' gruff and nautical. I can t opiet her-iiuUMe the mere "OJ|on «f saved— aa, a person better bred than me Fortescne motioned to him to act a® ho affzeilpd. Stone walked to tb® troctnre, and fooud the entrance of it facing tbe It wm a cone-shaped ®lit rather tbana doo- wav and be bad to stoop to pwer In. T.fi interior with a grven twilight, with the irln the north lending, (roldso Kht 1 tfuaosb tbe leafy roof and side, end. heye.- v ot, :.v' i'-, cVii'mt ' intMB ound tbey ad0'coed;to;'B pro'id 'abo , V nto little jroeW of.Hqpjd gold® .Vqpawijf Of '--j bnggm'BB'lkf Afci.ripon tbft .floht,) it w t been cat dowd by knife, ana had tarded icr ' the hue of baTV ?& it cotae bbjV Strawi \ . -'». (i. ' In the right hand' corner 'of the strange,/ _ orb inrdike etroctore, on tho rjgl\fc hand. ar. l'; yoa looked In at tho ador. there wos a hcip. # , of thia graesi and upoo it Jay Agalba Foi;(in ' attire a acarecrow, . with arms' naked( ana white "breaatfl halt concealed.' nnltocMngea', feat, yet with romaina of . female apparel. swathing her, that i® to eay one thing hiding, the rent ip, another. Tbhik for yonrself.il you need a clearer picture. She baa been , nine month® cast away, and what ebe wore when uho was dragged aeb ro wa® aft, flba had ! t" 't' Stono stood a moment or two watching neni - Her hair, that wob of a ' rich and laitronef auburn, and .wonderfblly abendant, hoEfC ", with all the wildnee® of diBbeveluent from k her head, and lay in a maai npon the floor,, albeit ebe had ber cheek in her band propped. ,, on the elbow. Tho old eailor looking, witli..",' hi® heart in hi® throat, might have expected.' ' to find littlo more tbana ekeletioriia a woman., , «f delicately nurtured th&t; bad been imraarea for nine month®, tormented by tbougbt® in-, oxpreaaible, by suffering which could fihd' no v meaning in worda ; yet in tbe. awlit gUijccB. . he stole ho noticed on tho contrary a roundw now aud fulnesa aa of poBitivo health indfeed .. . in her face ; likewlee a healtbial fleablnefl® cf limb; tbe delicate feet and hond and, arm® wore acarlot with sunburn ; but tbo fac® wx® palo and Bpiriwike, wun » wrwasi tepoee or immobility of boauty, heigbte'neay. . one might suppose, Into an aspect rarely eeo, beoooth the etars by tbe disordered unheeded, glory of her hair, and by the rag® upon- her .expressing and half exposing tho perfeetioa of female form, through tbd Bquator that tb> . ocean brings about; not to# tfo. likened to what wo know ol tho aatne thing ashore, She . leaned het head upon ber right arm,J and' 'mth ber left hand ebe looked to be trying to- t gather up a pool of sunshine that lay .beside her. Tboro was a large turtle shell in .one corner with water in it; nnd thst' com- poied the furniture .of the arbour— for'sach it was. She was intent upon gathering np- the pool of light, scooping at it, eo .to speak, with the aharp of herf little band, and laugh- - ixg to hervelt as often aa she failed. Stone coughed, and atohd full In the door- -f way, with hi®' bead bowed and hi® , heila bored; ho imagined ehe would scream 'out" and spring t& her feet, and b® busily hearsed what to Bay to her; but, Instead, anor without moving any portion of her figure bat her head, she stared at him with a littTebe- ' wildercd frown and then— smiled. , Stone tried to speak, but such was'ni® astonishment that the word® stuck ip- hi® throat. It waif not only thi® reception— the smile— the perfect tranquility of her mahojsr that staggered him ; he' wa® fascinated , bf , something he' noticed— something dweover- , able, hat surely not interpretable by him--m the erpression ofthe purely soft, unstftftled . grey eye® ehe fixed upon bim Agami be esBaycd' to speak? ko'tn®" rumbling sounds , escaped him ; one© more sho Btnued with touching sweetness, and etill preserving thai smile, tarned to ih© little flood of sanshin© and tried to gather it up. . My God!' cried tho old aeatnao alooo, recoiling into the open by a sttida. with- an nvoluntary horrified toas oi nw neao, boob ostbermindL , ... A® he apoke, Fortescne gripped bis arm md, with his- other hand shading his eyea» >eered in through the entrance of th© arbour. . (to nn ceietrftmo.' 