sporting topics. Br ;'TjiE Sportsman" Staff. We publish in another column a long and very interesting letter from Banian, relating the statements circulated to the effect that he liad "run down" Aus tralia. He also deals with the two matches recently rowed with Gaudaur. (Jct. LftultieJd cuiTftHponucHt writes as follows : — Mr. Doyle arrived oil Wednes day with tiie Tasmuniun horses, St. Albeit and Beadsman. The former Iioa thickened out a lot since last year. The latter, who is a candidate for jumping honors, shapes well at Ips business. Mick O'Brien's colt, Euplioian, was added to the list during the week, and, as 1 am informed, will be treated to a long rest. During the past week the following horses have l>ecn doing good sound work : — Chicago, Emerald, Strife, Ncwmaslor, The Bohe mian, Dayntar, Gas!jumer, Julian Gray, and Mariboruugh ; while among tho yotjngfiters Hcgira, Salisbury, Gladstone, Henrietta, Roman, and Justice arc all veiy forward. The following jumpers have been doing good work over the stickiMittd on the lhit : — Milksop, Hazel- kirk, Ben-ick, Trooper, Beadsman, Duns- tan, Trooper, Wcsse.y, The Laird, and Mormon. Messrs. Campbell, Watts, And Ferguson are expected to arrive during tho week, having engaged boxes at the Turf Club Hotel; the last mentioned trio will occupy the remaining boxes available at tlie above-mentioned hotel. Sevehal subjects of interest to foot ballers were discussed at tlic recent meet ing of the V.F.A. Some matters were post poned for decision till the next gathering of tho delegates in a fortnight hence, A report of the V.F.A. proceedings is given elsewhere in our columns. Laht week the training stables of Mr. M. Y. Biyant, who is the owner of the stceplecliascr Ruby, were burnt to tlic ground. What made tlie loss more serious was the fact tlrnl a five-year-old mare, hy Free Citizen, ftliss Para, was destroyed ill the flames, 'together with a : large quantity of oats and barley, and some sad|lleiy. The stable contained ' eight boxs. TheueKvas a good deal of \ cry inter esting work performed or. the Flciiiingtun training I ground yesterday morning. Our correspondent's notes will be found in another column. The first of our intercolonial visitors' string of racchoises reached Newmarket yesterday, the Hon. W. Robinson's four being the amnf cornier. Our Sydney correspondent slates that Mr. Clibkorn held a gale of thoroughbreds on Monday," -but the demand was limited and tlie sales few. Xtdson won the HugheB' All Comers Outrigger Handicap, rowed on the Hunter River, on Monday. At a meeting held at the beginning of the week it was decided to establish a Swim ming Association, lie. sets out at length in another column the doings at a meeting of tho Cricket Association in relation to the visits of the English cricketers. Our Adelaide correspondent, in his letter, which appears elsewhere, states tliat Affluence, tlic Melbourne Cup candi date, is sound and doing well. He thinks that those who back the horse — if he starts — will have a good run for their money. Elwortliy,Sir Tliomar> Elder's head man, lias followed Tom Hales example and joined tlie Benedicts. Tiie widow and children of Mr. Stephen Shrimpfcoii, whose death was recorded last week, have not been left in well-to- do circuoistauccs. Consequently the charitablo sympathies of Messrs, Joseph Thompson and J. Martin wore enlisted, and while in Sydney they collected a fair sum in aid of the bereaved family. Tlic late Mr. Shrimpton w.-s well known in BaUarat, where for 6ome years he was landlord, of Tatter- sail's Hotel — a rendez vous of spotting men. Previously he had held the license of the Victoria Hotel, in tlic same city.. -MOna Jfowr'Sftiulnid (wiwnpo»ido»t\i Jet-- tor will be found in another column. For tlie third Saturday in succession a "mixed" race mcctingwnslicld at Hurling- ham last week. The weather was fine but boj&terocs;, but that did not militate against a ' good attendance. Since the pre vions. meeting the stewards' room, or at least the end of it, lias been .painted, black with largo white figures, and it makes antexcellent scratching board. Tlic first race was won easily by Duchess, but she was protested against lor pot being a maiden at the tunc of . running. Tlie Ladies' Bracelets woro- won by Dickey, who was nominated by Sirs 0. Wall,' and Sam, who ran in Miss J. Walsh's name. Dr. L. L. -Smith, in presenting the- two trophies to the representatives of tiie ladies named remarked that it gave liiui great pleasurb, on this his first visit to Huriingham, to be called upon to per form such a pleasing ceremony, and lie ; was glad Ut sec such gentlemen as Messrs Wall and Walsh itttronising tlic sjiort of JdngB. cvcn with ponies, in the Pony Hurdle Race wlint might havo proved a very serious accident, happily terminated in tlie lads engaged escaping with a nasty sliaking. At one of tlic hurdles one of the competitors fell and tlic three suc ceeding poniea came to grief over the fallen steed. Campltoll, the well-known light-weight rider, was on Cerise, and at one time it looked as if he must liave been seriously injured, but in a few minutes lie was able to walk away, as was Farrell, who steered W infield, but Paper and Jackson had to be carried off the field, but they also quickly came to. A meeting of the Huriingham stewards was held on Thursday last at the Albion Hotel to proro tiie ownership of the race horse Newmarket. J. StonnelJ, who was recently disqualified, asxed for a rehear ing of liis case, and after takiug evidence they derided to reduce his suspension to six montlis. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. Frailti, the dam of Trenton and Niagara, has dropped a filly foal to Nor- deiifcldl, the A.J.C. and V.R.C. Derby winner. AmongBt other Ncwv Zealand toolings may be mentioned those of Rosiua. filly to Nordcnfcldt, and Fanny Fisher, a filly to Somnus. The lion. Thomas Hcnty, who last week joined the great majority, was an important figure on the Australian turf at ono time, but latterly he liad not taken such an active interest in the sport. He was the breeder of several well-known racehorses. Amongst the winners he possessed were Norma, winner of the Australian and Adelaide Cups ; Blue Ribbon, winner of tlicCaulficld Cup ; and Pollio, winner of the Australian Cup. It may astonish those who remember the plunging days of the Ilustiiiss era to hear that betting on the turf has been far hpavicr during the present season than at any former period ; and it is a far less difficult task to foretell the inevitable re sult of such dealings than to predict tlie winner of the approaching St. Lcger. Tlic career of one sensational 44 starting-price" speculator, who thought nothing of having L10, 000 on a supposed "certainty," was cut short at Ascot-, where another bold "dasher" lost L1G,G00, aud settled with a cheque for that amount on the following Monday, but has since retired. Far more sensational has been the betting of another young 44 plunger" during tlic past fort night. At Goodwood he lost L15,G00 lacing, and the same amount at Brighton pigeon- shooting on the Saturday, (writes tlic 12'or/d) his chief creditor for I/HXX) at the latter game being a notorious member of the bookniaking fraternity who did not possess so many shillings a few years ago. On the first day of the Brighton Meeting, when every first favorite lost, the 44 plunger" had a 44 bad day,1' but he won L15,(3O0 on the Wednesday; and these few truthful illustrations will sufficiently bear out my statement respecting tlic un paralleled character of the wagering at the present .moment. Nor must mention bo omitted of another recent aristocratic recruit, who, besides purchasing largely of thoroughbred stock, is a very heavy bettor. -The following novel challenge from Thomas Burns of the Lodge Lane Baths, Liverpool, appeared in our London name sake last mouth: — Having waited over six weeks and received no reply to my challenge of the 14th of Juno, I can be matched to do the following feats against titiic, viz., dive off Runcorn bridge, height 90ft., and swim down to the Liverpool landing stage, distance eighteen miles, run to Loudon and dive off London bridge, swim any man five or ten miles, run the same man ten or twenty miles (both to go tlie whole distance in each event, fastest time in the aggregate to win both races), to be decided the same day I arrive in London. 1 will then run back to Liver pool. Will take L100 to L25 or L209 to L50 that I will do all the above feats inside of nine days, the time of fitaningio be laken from the dive off Runcorn bridge and finish when 1 arrive in Liverpool. 1 Jiopc some sportttuau will come to the front and give me a chance of Joins a feat that no other man in the world can do. A uoOD story is told of Robert Peck, tho great English trainer. He liad an animal entered for a Queen's Plato of DOOsovrt., two miles, weight for nge. three tu start or no race, well, out of a dozen or so entries only three were left in. Pock's horse and two other great dons that had frightened owners out of the rare. Now each of the owners of tlic two horses left in was very anxious to have tlic «racc run, as they had heavy side wagers on, and the 500 sovs. was not to be sneezed at. Each in tiirn went to Peck telling him they would give liim L100 to start his horse (that, by the way, had jin a ghost of a show of winning), pay his entries, and give him besides half the stakes if their horse won. Bobert the astute closed with each offer, neither owner knowing about the other's bargain, and consequently the race came off, Peck getting his money bcforcliaud. Now comer, the point. The riders of ike two cracks were, of course, told not to bother about Peek's horse, but to watch each other. Consequently Peck's animal established a long lead while tlic ot her two were wait big on each other closely. Like a flash it came to Peck tliat with tlie lead his horse had, if lie could only stay it out, ho could win ; so galloping down to tlie rails .at the turn he shouted to his hoy to go ih ahd'win, which he did, the riders of tlie other two, after a most desperate finish, being beaten by a length. So the wily Peck got liis 200 sovs., his double acceptance, and tlic stakes as well. The annual meeting of the Lands- borough Raring Club was held last week, when it was derided tliat the next race meeting should be held ou the 23rd January. A comprise of seven events was arranged, the added money amount ing to £100. Mr, W. B. Hodgctts was re appointed secretary and handicappcr. AI. Trahik has four comfortable loose boxes to let at his establishment, New market. Silence, the erstwhile New Zealand Cup favorite, is reported lame. Nelson (notwithstanding his reported lameness), Artillery, Lochiel, and Torrent, are now aljout equal favorites. It dues not appear probable, from the support awarded to Nelson for the New Zealand event, that lie will visit us in the spring. Bookmakers wishing to register for the grand stand reserve or for the course in connection with tho Williamstown Racing Club during the ensuing 12 months, ore requested to make early applicatioQ to Mr. J. T. Wright, Queen street, or to the secretary, BIr. H. T. Sutton. Tub harlequin colors originally carried by Admiral Rous' horses, but now Hie property of BIr. J. Lee, at home, liave been imported to Australia by BIr. Beaver for Mr, Alfred Hyman, who will race under them in future. Tlic colors are anything but beautiful, being of every 6hado of tlic rainbow, but they have ono merit, they can be seen a long way off, and are scarcely likely to be mistaken for anything else. Fair Saxon will carry them in tlic Melbourne Cup, and will be distinguished along way off The following programme lias been adopted by the Tasinaniau Turf Club for the Summer Meeting on February 8th and 9th : — First day — Two- Year-Old Stakes, 80 sovs. ; Selling Race, 50 sovs. Launceston Cup, 300 sovs. ; Ncwnham Stakes, CO sovs. ; Mowbray Hurdle, 100 60vs. Second day — Tomar Handicap, 70 sovs. ; Trial Stakes, 50 sovs. ; Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap, 120 sovs. ; Summer Steeple, 120 sovs. ; All-Aged Handicap, 50 sovs. In our advertising columns \V. Lang- ley, a well -known racing man, states that lie is desirous of obtaining a few horses to train. He has been very successful hitherto. BIk. G. H. Read, of M'aldock's Hotel, Flemington Hill, has several loose boxes to lef;. They are within convenient dis tance of the training track and course. A ka<t. for £10 aside, and one which created a fair amount of excitement, both at the starting and finishing pcints, took place on Wednesday from Woodside to Sale. The contestants were Mr. S. Reeves Bfusic and BIr. F. Sladen's Sam. A start was made from Norton's Hotel, Woodsidc, at 11.40, and the horses arrived at T. Norton's hotel, Rale, at 2.45. The contest can scarcely be termed a race (writes the local journal), as both horses came along steadily together., aud then raced the last few hundred yards, and Music managed to p:ins tlic winning post first hy a head. Neither of the animals appeared to be much distressed after their journey of 33 miles over rather heavy- going ground. A well attended meeting of gentlemen desirous of forming a race club in South Gippslaiul, was held at tlie Traveller's Rest Hotel, Alberton, on Wednesday hast, Mr E. J. Thompson of Yarrant oc cupied tlic chair. It was resolved toform a club to be called the "Alberton Race Club "(writes (lie J/iremi/). The 'tp selected for the race course was the Rnlmcrston race course reserve, wliieli, with a little expenditure, can be made hi- to a good course. The following gentle men were appointed a committee : — Messrs. Clues, Gray, Gollion. Thompson, Richardson, Healcv, and Login. BIr J. J. Richardson was appointed secretary pro tent. At the confcreucc of racing clubs iu the Shcpparton district in April last, it was decided by the dubs represented to change the dates of their meetings from the summer aud winter to the spring aud, autumn. The first club to take tlie initial step is the Sbepparton, which has announced their meeting fur the lSvh Cctolier, and the result of this will be watched with considerable interest by tlic otlier clubs in the district. Tjio running track in connection with the club is now in splendid condition. It is completely covered with a short, thick sward of grass. It is to be hoped tliat Mr, Turnley .will get. ft good meeting on Tuesday next. The events have been very attractively arranged. It was cabled to Melbourne (says a New Zealand paper) that Sextant liad been shipped fur Australia, and the colt was at once introduced into the V.R.C. Derby betting, aud supported to some extent at 10 to 1. At present it looks as if the takers had been victimised. Sextant is pretty firm in the betting- for the New Zealand Cup ; and is now in splendid form. Tin: 44 Silver Bells " at Paisley won hy Lord Ailcsbury with his filly Lorgnette on the 12th of August are dated lfi20, and arc given in loan to the race committee hy the Magistrates and Town Council uf Paisley. The winner will be allowed to retain possession of them, on certain conditions, for cloven months. Fiuvm Mr. William Percival, the secre tary to the Auckland Racing Ciub, wc have to acknowledge the A.R.C, pro gramme, in book form, for the season 188788\. Including as it does a complete list of nominations for all the important events during the ensuing seasons, as well as a record oi the winners of the principal events run under tlic auspices of the club. In the Great Northern Derby, run in December of this year, the names Abcr com and Cranbrook appear. The following office-bearers in con nection with tlic T. T.C. have been elected : — Messrs Joseph Archer and Thos. Reibey, Vice-patrons ; BIr. CJms. Tool, chairman of committees ; stewards, Clias. koul, H. R. Falkiner, R-. J. Sadler, W. C. Gruebcr, R. O'Connor, R. Carter, and H. 1. llooke; BIr. Chas. Parker, judge; BIr. P. G. Blonaghan, handicappcr, and Mr. Thomas Hardman, starter. At the Warracknabeal Agricultural Show last week. Countryman gained tiie first award in tlie blood section. Gambler, by Patriarch, being second. Ox Wednesday last tlic Penola, S.A., annual show was held. Tho hunters' prize was divided between Banyeuong and Haphazard. ' In the thoroughbred section. Envoy s ir was placed first at the Ingle wood show v last Wednesday. - The Victoria Amateur Turf Club liold r - their annual meeting on Monday. The r four retiring mombcre of the committee - -- : arc : — Bless rs. BI. Cfilumassy, W. Pear- - .sun, W. Martin, and'H. Smith. Bin. T. P. O'BfUEN", who liar, been v sufferiug from a severe illrioss. announces elsewhere that ho has now recovered, and is prepared /to 4 Ho -business over, the coming Caulfield. and Alclboomo Cup meetings. Tlic many friends of Mr. " c O'Brien will be glad to hear that lie iii - now well on the road to rceovety. ' lin be rettnved Hurdle' Rini <rf5s ova. October Handioap of 76 ; tarn. , foeculbchaso of 75 eovs., Trial Handicap 4botof 78 sova., Sdling raoe>f' 100 " Sots., and Elstemwick Park Handicap of sldo sors. All nominations are a sovereign. ffiho sweepstake of seora. in contmebon feth the fiiiid Australian Trotting Sires " Produce Stakes, to bo run at die same fceeting is dso payable <m Monday. UaVhiohts in connection with the Mnr- Turf Club's Spnng Meeting, &, the icth, 17th, and 18th November, £j> due on Tuesday pert. _ v The annual meeting of the AAiUiams- Ktown Badng Club, is to be held at the Packet Hotel, Williamstown, on « tmspiutolara of the general events to lie run at the Williamstown Prince of wales' Birthday Meeting are published (this week,- In addition to the WHliams- jfown Handicap, which has already closed, the following events have been arranged: v-Hurdlo Race of 100 sova., Trnganina sb takes (fire furlongs) of 75 sovs., Tele- waph Selling Stakes (four furlongs) erf 00 sova, Steeplechase of 100 sova., and 5>iinc8 of Wales' Stakes (six furlongs) of u50 so vs. the nominations for these ievonta are doe on the Slsfc October. Tho Nagambie Turf Club announce the programme for their Spring Meeting on jlflth November. The events aro (Maiden Hindis Race, of 15 sovs. ; Maiden to.h. of 10 sovs. ; Nagambie Turf Club (one mile and a half), of so Wots. Hurdle Race, of 30 sovs. j Wah- jring Slakes, of 26 sots. ; Publicans' puree, of 29 ears. ; Suid Ladies' Bracelet, ' tpg tiartacolirs are announced or the to be held at Hurlingbem on kMober 13th (Caulficld Cup week). The jwrindpsrevent is the Hurlingham Cup, jnf 49 fore. Entries for the events close km the 6th- October, Another meeting jwili be held at Hurlingham on October jsist, when toe Brighton Cup, of 76 sots., twill be ran. 