">? --??in . , .. Ibnmor. ; :'A IWun's RIotHei'»iti>Law. It is ft mystery which no one haslet so'vou, why BO many sad jokes are constantly being porpetratcd about a man's mother in-law, What dreadful crime has tlio unfortunate woman committed in providing the man with his wife that he should bear such an undy ing grudge against her? Now if it was a woman's mother-in-law who was made the butt of these jokes there might be a grain of seine in them ; for it is the man's mother who has it in her power to make life a burden to the young wife and not half try. As a matter of fact, a woman is usually proud and fond of her son-in-law if he only gives her the ghost of a chance. When tbe young couple first go to house* keeping who is it that comes in and wfth her good sense and practical experience tides them over the rough places 1 A man's mother-in-law, It ia the woman's mother-in-law who is most apt to criticise, and who exasperates the young.wifc by quoting, all too frequently, " My son is used to have things thus and so." " My son must have tbia or that for his meals." " My son, with his small income, should have married a prudent, economical, woman," etc. When tho first baby makes it appearance, as well aa tho successive ones, who is it that steps in and relieves the husband o£ his weary vigils, and takes the load of care and worry oil the wife's feeble shoulders, and keeps the household running smoothly 1 The man's mother-in-law. When he and hia wife plan to take a little trip together, who ia it comes in and takes charge of the house and the children, so that they can peacefully enjoy their holiday, with the restful thought. " Mother ia there and it will bo all right ?" The man's mother-in-law. When there is sickncss or trouble in tho house, who is the faithful nurse, tho wise counsellor, the sympathizing ffiend? Tho man's mother-in-law, And if, in the course of events, tho wifo dies, who is it that usua'ly comes in niid takes carc of the children, and keeps up tho home till the bereaved husband has time to look around and find another wife ? A mau's mother-in-law. Ai)d how does ho reward her for all this devotion? By making heartless jokes at her expense, and publishing them for other men to snicker, over I Ingratitude, thy name ia Man 1 