gUitkticg. CYCLING NOTES. The monthly meeting of delegates to the South Australian Cyclists' Union took place at the Cyclists' Clubroom on Tneaday evening. There were present Mr. H. P. Hayman (in the chair), and Messrs. Padman, Henzell, Peattie, Waddy, Thompson, and Owns worth, repre senting their various clubs. The principal object of the meeting was to settle a cycling dispute, but the matter, after a brief discus sion, was again adjourned. A petition for reinstatement as an amateur from Mr. J. J. Mulling, of the Norwood Cycling Club, was received, and bis statements being of a satis factory nature the request was granted. The treasurer (Mr. A. H. Padman) supplied a -financial report, showing the union to be in a verv satiefactorv noRition. list week the Adelaide Amateur Cycling -71nb beld their monthly meeting, with Mr. Hayman in tbe chair. It was decided to hold a jubilee race meeting during the next few months, when the Eeason comes round once more. As this is a year of jubilee, and most societies and clubs are commemorating in one way or other, it is to be hoped that the other clnbB will all do their best to help to make this and all other meetings a grand success. On April 12 last an interesting contest ttetween three cyclists and a Russian trotter owned by Hen Stefan Tapen, of Vienna, was held in the Austrian capital before a large number of spectators. The distance was 10.0G0 metres, which led 40 times round the ?course. The trotter, a handsome grey, led for the first lap only, when ihe wheelmen passed *in-, the result being a dead heat between 'M, M. Jules DaboiB and Paul Medtnger, two French riders, with Mr. Duncan, of Iiondoo, third, the Russian coming in fourth, and therefore last. The fime for the French men was 19 minutes. The prize of 2,000 franca ?was divided by the winners. In the second race of 1,000 metres Mr. Demean won in Imin. 12 eecs. against the before named French liden The latest novelty in machines U a tandem tmicycle. The -wheel is 54 inches, of fall zo&dster; weight, but with tangent spokea, great strength and rigidity being necessary. Around ~the wheel extends elliptical frame, which is ad justable upon the axle much in the earns manner of *- tetter totter.' One rider is seated en the front and the other on the rear end of the frame, and the difference in weight equalised as much as possible by the adjust ment of the frame on the axle. The riders sit facing in the same direction, each one pedal ing, the pedals being connected with the wheel by adjustable gearing chains. Toe machine is geared fora rapid pace, for it will be necessary to maintain great speed in order to keep the wheel erect. There is no steeriog attachment whatever to the wheeL The steering will be cone by the riders swaying their bodies to 1 and fro. A rather amusing story is told of a cyclist wno was ambitious to win honors in cannec tion with a grand lantern parade held in Mefc bourne recently. It BeemB that in order to try the effect of the experiment of smearing his Hiachine with phosphorus, he availed him 'f/..*8 darkneEs and quietness rf a. little ere the midnight hour' M-i rweoown a neiRhborbg street. l\\-r ,& time all went well. The machine 'glowed fWltib a strange and fearful light,' and the efiect ^surpassed all tne expectations of its delighted owner, who rode along in triumph. Presently alaorqe and trap came round the corner. The lanimpl came on steadily for a few paces, then .ihiqMng something was wrong in the., uncanny object approaching it, sniffed and snorted, once, twice, thrice, plunged and bolted in the direc tion whence it came. At the same time two young ladies standing at a garden gate caught ? -ight of the two wheel* of living fire, aud rushed inside* shrieking that - they had seen a ghost. Their father, an old OomishmaTj, re marked, 'Nonsense,' and, picking up a stout stick, rushed out through the garden gate, determined to settle the unwelcome visitant, ghost or no ghost On reaching the footpath he prepared to croBS the road and take tip a position behind a tree opposite, but when half way to his intended stand glanced up the toad and saw what curdled his blood and caused the few remaining hairs on his venerable bead to stand on end 'as quills upon the fretful porcupine,' for not a dozen yards away was the glowing apparition coming straight at him. Half a minute later and the wheel caught Mm squarely on the nose, while the cyclist turned a summersault into the gutter. The old man yelled, the girLi. rushed out in hysterics, and the enterprising devotee of the wheel, picked himself up, apologised, and juet got round the next corner as a couple of gentlemen in blue arrived on the scene 