IMoydist. ' DAYS OF CRIME " AND YEARS OF SUFFERING . As Autouioohaphy. (Beprintod from '' Tho Australasian" of . 1887 fcy Special Permission.) CHAPTER X. TUB DtlXtt IS KIT AND. Jit: BITES AGAIN'. On arriving at Maidstone I wont to tho Railway Inn, and remained thoro till tho noxt. morning. Not liking tho houao much, l removed in tho course of.tho day to tho Royal Hotel. As I ulwaya givo tho world a full account of my. proceedings ' ' -when I 'am <foin</ others, it-is only fair that 1 should lie .'equally, communicative when I get rfoiw . myself. ' I nflcctcd j .billiards. nnd fancied "! could play 'well. .: There was. a' billiard-room in the hotel, aud to it I wen fori tho ovoning after my . nvrivul : (here. ;:Tho'ro' wan ' prcsont a -« . '. TJlf llHl fthvliftll.ln/ilf iiur nm-ann' ' urli/i duced liirasolf lo mp iiiAho. course of the night, Ha told nio ho was an officer in the Xtoyal Ai tilley , and had recently invented . some .wonderful rocket, which he gavo a very- hard nanio to whioh L forgot. Ho 'St-;.,: mvilcd mo to play Oith him. I did so, and won .to from him that night, promis- mg-to iflqot luiii thoro the next, evening. : .-,. But I was not td'ho dbnojii that manner. . , : 1 know it. was a common . practice among y. sharpers. to allow' tho victim to .win some- m thing, at first, and as I had some slight idea, that tho artillery gcutloman's : munitions uf war wero furnished chiefly ...by his wits, I was not going to bo plucked so "innocently ns ho imagined. I mot him tho , next night, hut declined playing, alleging ns a reason that I had boon suffer- . . " v ing from a nervous attack all day. Tho yoilipor seemed by no means disappointed, but entered into conversation in tho moBt ..diguqe ninnuor, and finally proposed to introduca mo to a young lady to whom ho . was paying ins addresses; I accompanied him in a cab somo two or throe miles out , o£ Maidstone, but whoro I know riot, and \- ' . . . wo alighted at a littlo cottago, into tho parlor of which wo wero immediately shown by tho servant girl who opened tho door. Nobody was tlioro. In a fow : than sovontecn, mado hoi' appearance. I \- was introduced in tho approved fashion — "Miss Nolson, Mr. . Hamilton,— Mr. Hamilton, Miss Nolson. ". I liavo never seen Miss Nelson sinco . that evening, -but I rotain a most lively . : recollection of lior. Sho was good-lookipg, cquld sing charmingly, and hnd tho most . 'fascinating . mariner imaginable. Wind . was ' introduced, anil although 1 drank : only a couplo of glasses, it had sitoh.nn : effect, upon me that I found it im : - possiblo to koep my oyos open. Of thp after ovents of that night l can roinombov but littlo.' Tho noxt morning I awoke with a moat splitting hoadaeho, rind found myself in my own .roorii in tho ltoynl Hotol. T jumped out of my hod and dressed niysolf, and on examining my . pockets 1, foupd that I had boon robbed of all my money oxeopt a solitary £10 noto, which, heme in a souarato noekct, had u eitheroscapod notioo or boon oliaritably . - left mo by tho tliiof. All thioves aro droad- ful bnd losors. I was no oxqeption to tho rule, and I could have criod for very voxa- tion. I rang tlio boll, nnd asked tho waitor , llow l oamo lionio tho.previous night, He told nio that I was brought to tho hotel about ono o'olock that morning ; that tho gentleman, wiio camo with ino iii tho cab \- said I had finished two bottles of clarot, and wiis sonsolosaly intoxicated ; . that he and tlio gentleman had carried mo upstairs, and that tho gentleman gavo him half a . , sovoroigri, tolnng him to undress mo and get mo into bed. Of courso I saw- in a moment that it was a regular " diamond- cut-diamond affair, and as talking would not bring my monoy haok, I said nothing \- of my loBS. y . ' ' I liavo scon' tlio" " military olhoor since thoii. Wo worked together in olinms In tlio same cart soino fow years ago, and 1 only recognized him by hisAolling the fltory of the "-young swell at Maidstone for tlio especial cdincation of.mysolf nnd \- 'tho other earl parties. Htvvmgboon so completely cleaned out, \- behoved me to buokle to at onoo to ro- ;W/'iQUiali tny empty pookots, and as ray "funds: would not admit of any -lorigthy '..finossii%.«eliemeB> Iwiacompellodtdtott ' .. '. .menoo immediate operations, lliw v® ? day, with the ileal of nnoient Stiubo X made myaolf complotoly mnsto0ftho lo ! gr'aphy of tlio place, nnd bofovonightlftot only know how nil tlio rooms word situated, but Imdmadamysolf pretty woll acquainted with tho sort of pooploby whom they wero tonantod. I know' woll enough tlint it is quite common for n well-dressed thief to tnko apiirtmonta in nil hotel and "barber" all tlio inmato3 ; in othor words, to get up in tho night, visit all tlio rooms, and stoal as muoh as possiblo. This, in technical language,' is called " Dancing a lusliing- .driini." Pliilosophors dofino instinct as kiiqwlddgo prior to oxporionod," and as I certainly at that time was wholly without oxperioneo.in such -matters, I iriust liavo been under tho guidanco of tho instinctivo faculty. . I didn't go to bod that iiight, but nioroly lay outsido tho bed reading. Tho book was of a moral and roligious eharac- tor, hut it fnilod'to inflnonco ino witii its arguments. By- brio o'clock ' tho houso was Bilont, and out 1 glided, liko a ghost. I folt a littlo norvous on ontoring tho first room j" but, dospito tho model sys tem, I linvo boon remarkablo for good nerves on many a trying occasion, and on this first essay fn tho "dancing" lino I was soon its cool as a ' euoiimb'er. It would bo.dull work telling how I searched the clothes, made my way to tho drossing- tabic, pocketod' purses, watches, chains, gold pins, nnd other articlos that would produoo " monoy, and inonoy in nny way." I visited four rooms, nnd then thouglit it timo to roturn to my own. Tho next bedroom to that in which I slopt was un occupied, and with tho pocket-hnndkcr- ohiof of a commercial gentleman whom I had somowhat oxtonsivoly (lccced, I tied all tho watches, purses, otc., together, entered tlio empty bedroom, and plnced them safely out of sight on a lodgo up tho ohiinnoy, lioopingout a fow soveroignsfur my immcdiato uso. Having dono this in utMb UHU iiuifaiiiAHHKti iiiuiinur) i ruvirvii to bed. At oight o'clock 1 jumped out of bed, slipped on my trousers, and then rang tho bell violently. A waiter very soon np- poarcd. " Tell tho landlord I want trim ; fetch tho police, I liavo been robbed in tlio iiight. Twonty-thrco pounds nnd a pro missory noto for thirteen, my studs and my poekot-bogk, all gone. Who could havodona it 7" Tho waiter didn't lot mo go to tho ond of my sentence, for ho ran to tho landing and called out, " Hero's No 7 has been aorved tho samo." Up camo tho landlord. Ho said ho was sorry in .tho oxtreme ; ho couldn't con ceive how tho thing could havo been dono. No loss had ovor boon oxporiohced in liis houao beforo. Ho was sdrry, very sorry. Tho police had boon a<nt to invos- tigato tho matter, and ho hoped thoy would succeed in tracing tho robber. Four othor gontlomon had boon robbed also. Tlio inspcetor of police camo shortly aftorwards, and looked into tlio rooms, and undor the beds, as if ho thought tho thief might havo tako'ri a fancy to have a nap thoro, asked a variety of questions, took an invontory of tho ptoporty lost, and then wont away ahaking his hoad and looking remarkably- wise. . I remained at tho hotel a week, gratis, for as no funds had arrived for mo I told the landlord I should" bo forced to leaVe my bill unsottled. Under, tho oirauin- stances tho landlord of courso could 'not Tuusuuuuiy uuiiiuv, uuu as tuu wo Bit s enu I left Mnidstpno, and proceeded by tho coaoh to Ohntham. , I need scarcely obsorvo that I had 'during the wook vomoved tho " goods aiid chnttols " from tho cliininoy lodgo, and convoyed thorn to Chatham without any fear of consequenoos. Suspicion fell upon tlio " military gentleman, ' for although not in tho house oil the night in question, ho' was well acquainted with the premises, and his suddou disnppqaratico was unao- counfable, otliorivise tlmu liy connooting him with tho robbery? Thus was my own safety socurod, and 1 at thq same time "gratified a double grudge " — against tlio world and ngaiiiBt my particular antago nist. Tho money result of my night's foray amounted to Bomo forty odd pounds — just sufiioicnt to keep nio going wliilo I Btruok out sonio frosh soUome fqr victimis ing tho world. CHAPTER XI, a auki'SF, qr.DETTEn iiiixas. The socond iiight I was at Chathaui I visited the theatre. A Miss. Loo . was to make her appearance in tlio charaoter of Juliot, arid a very pretty reprosontative of tho houso of Capulet slio was. I re- member well with what energy bIio vin dicated Romeo in the linos— . — lie was not born to shame': Upon liis brow shame is ashamed to sib ; For 'tis n throne . whore honor may be . , crowned Solo monarch of the 'universal earth I" I confess that I folt a boy ish passion spriiif; up in my bosom for this young girl, and J sat up a groat portion of tho night com posing somo complimentary vorsos to her. I called, tlio next day on the managor of the tlioatvo, and obtained tlio address of tho actress. I forwarded tho versos by post, intimating that I was but a moro youth, and should bo glad personally to say to Miss Leo how greatly I had boon charmed by Uor acting. 1 rocbiyfcd a: reply tho noxt morning, thanking mo for tho vorsos, . and contain ing an invitation to toa for the ensuing ovoning, which was a .non-performing nights - i - ' v I puvohnsod the, handsomest copy of Slinkespcnro I could find in tho town, and tho noxt ovening drily prosontcd myself at Miss Loo's residence. I wae .roeoived very kindly by the young lady's mother, who informed mo that .hor daughter Ellon would not ho ablo to join us until sovon o'olock, having boon summoned unexpectedly by tho managor . of tho thoatro with tlio viow of permanently engaging her. Tho mothor was a porfoct gontlewoman i . mho told mo that Mis3 Loo had from childhood evin ced a romarkahlo onthusiasm for tho stago, but that it wae with much roluot- nnoo alio liorsolf had consonted to lior dnuglitor'a. oriihraoing tho theatrical pro fession- aa a riiesna of livolihood. A littlo after sovori Eiloii Leo came homo, and Bho cordially thanlcod me for the verses, declaring, howovoi-, that tlioy wore by far too op'mplimontavy, - I pro- sontod. hor with tho Shakosponro, and uttorod como nonsonso about rooognizing in hor a genius fit -to broatho lifo into tho boautiful oreationo of tho poet's mastor- mind. An intimacy sprang up betweon us— h truo and innocont friendship, which I look back to at this moriiont with molan- oholy ploasuro. Ellon Loo was only an ootross at a small provincial thoatro; but ah'O waff boautiful,' talented; and rjaad. She gained upon: my lioart ovory day, and I soon bad . no aoorots tlint wore mine nlono. t Silo was my confessor, she was my advisor ; and alio strovo earnestly enough to be the good angel of my .life, to savo me from my own wayward erring self. I used vory ofton to spook to her nbout tho dangers attending hor own pro fession, rind I remember on ono of these occasions, she rppliedin Ophelia's words— > " 1 shall the effect of 'this good lesson keep, As whtchman to my heart i bnt, good to my brother, Do not, ns somo ungrociocs pastors do, Show mo tho steep and thorny way to \- lieavon, - And miss tbo path thyself." _ Tho life of guilt is, indood, a dark, sad lifo on whioh tho sunshino of happiness can soarcoly for a momont gloam in its unclouded brightness". The haunting memory of crime flings n deep shadow on our path when joy would.fnin surround us with its light ; and as flowors of gladness spring up on our way thoy aro at onco blighted by tho eurso of guilt, which is over pro3ont to the wicked as an interdict to "happiness. Thus it was with mysolf. X might have boon vory Irappy in tho society of Ellon Loo and her mothor had I boon but inno cont. But being tho guilty thing I was, there was always prosont an invisible hand to dash from my lips cacli cup of bliss beforo I could sip its promised sweotnosa. AndT am suro— lot mo writo as lightly as 1 may — that thus it will over bo. There aro phantoms ovor on tho path of crimo whioh scaro away tho realities, that offer happiness to tho hoart 1 Yes; in thosodajjs Ellon Loo would have -uindo mo happy, if my own oins had not made mo wretched. She gavo mo a sister's love, and whon tile darkoat of all days camo, then camo Ellen to comfort arid as sist. lily bio has boon most guilty ; but still I liavo sometimes knelt in prayor to God, and then I liavo prayed that Ho who loves tho pure in hoart would ovor koop Ellon Leo happy nnd good as when biio first wandered with mo through tho Rontish Woods near Ohafhnm, listening to my praises, and believing mo to bo as innocont as licrsolf. I passod at least four months at Chat ham, and as I lived tolornlily frugally, and, in Ellon's society, had no heart for any now wickedness, I .committed no fresh crime, hut mndo tho monoy I had pro cured nt Maidstono nnswor all ray pur poses. During tho poriod of my intimacy with tlio Ticcs I had told Eilen tho story of my lifo, rcqucntinghor, however, not fodivulgo nnything connected with my history to her mothor. Ellou cried bitterly at tho recital of my stifleringa nnd my sins, and implored nio to lot tho past hr. tho past, ana to commanco lifo nnow. I often had a desire to do this ; hut thou that past had a power ovor mo for ovor. Noither ro- pontanco nor araendmout could give im munity for deeds committed. Hoivovor, wliilo my money lasted, I did no vio lation to my feelings. I folt how much happier ono could bo fullowing good tlian pursuing ovil, and I rofrainod from obtain- ng "monoy, and money in any way." But when I had only a pound or two loft in my poekot, I was urged by tho dovil within mo to ronow my warfuro upon tho world. I bado. Ellen and bor niotliorgood- byo, telling thoiri -that X hoped in a fow weoks to liavo tlio ploasuro of being with them again. I did see them- moro. than onco aftorwards ; but tho story, as it ad- vaucos, will rblate whore. I left Chatham .with four pounds only remaining to begin, business anon-. Tlio particular Jjna of business' I had not dotormiuod. I had somo of tho trinkets which X had stolon nt tlio Maidstono Hotel by mo still, .and those I converted' into cash. I went to Homo Bay, nnd on tho second night of my arrival I " danced" tho hotel 'where 1 was stopping to the tuno of twonty-fivo pounds, a small amount, but sufficient to koep mo in cash for tlio time being. It was wliilo staying at Homo Bay that I met with an advortisomont in the Iiondou Times which had boon inserted by my father. It merely stated that nothing had boon hoard of mo since I wont to sea, and that if I was still in England I was to writo or go homo irrimcdiatoly, tlio ad- dross being given. I wroto a letter to my mother, tolling hor I could not como homo —that I had been a bad boy, that thoro was no homo for mo in tho" futuro ; that I should liko to have a lottor from hor, which she could direot to iny own namo at tho post office, Horno Bay. ,; My mother accordingly wroto nio a long eloquent Inf.fnp » film fip.iimnil as I vend tho lottor. to bo speaking to mo again as shq used' to apoakto mo whon 1 walkod by hor side wlion I was a ohild. .But it was useless. Tho old deep earnest oloquence was thoro, but alas! the heart to whioh it was ad dressed was changed for ovor. My mother implored rae to return homo; sho told .nio they could aond me to. school again for . a couple of years, as thoy wero in hu'sinoss and doing well;, and she foltquito ouro, sho said, that X could havo dono nothing very bad, only some boyish wildnoss which my. own feelings, exaggerated. In reply to , this cotnmunication I wrote a moro oxplipit letter, and sent my mother somo vorsos. Tho lottor, which was a very long one, I cannot roibombor. Tho vorsos liavo olung to my memory, so I givo thorn .. , Mother I darling mother, yon nrq seeking mo . .. ' I know, .' And I fool thy love will follow through the world where cr I go; , , . Bat I cannot came, dear mothor ; 1 am sadly ' nltorednow ; ; The oneo fair wreath of innocence that gar landed my brow . Hns faded ne'er to bloom again ; and from tho things of yoro— Tho fair, tho good, the beautiful— I'm severed evermore. ; My onwurd way must be n path of darkness and of pain, But I must tread it all alone— I cannot come again. - Of ail the changes that have 'come, 1 know that thiswillbo, Whore all tho .change's have beon sad, the saddest oharige to thoe. I know how much tkon'lt weep, mother, for thy dear boy so lost, .' And 'tis the sorrow thou must feel that makes ino sorrow most. , ' ' I strovo against this darker fate, X struggled, mother, long, I starved and suffered months, mother, ore I \- was ihikcd to wrong ;' :' And even now good angels plend to win mo — but in vain 1 .. _ Once fnllen is for ever lost— I cannot como again. , , I'm severed from thao by my sin, but cannot say "forgot," . ., Thy love is such a hallowed thing, 1 ask it; even yet; . , . , - Hut let it -bo -a memory that Images all fair . : - The child tlint with uplifted hands :in faith knell by thy chair. Think of trie, mother, as I was, w I , j lit np my'brdw ' And ray young heart was .'innocent, but not ' as I am' now. Pray for m'o. This I know thou'lt do ; bnt ; soek'mo'not, 'tis vain t ' : I'd thtoVy ft shadow on thy homo— I cannot como' again. ; They sny that in the desert drear somo groon- . ncssmay bo found, - Some oasis in. contrast slrangq to all tho waste around, And oven thus, within my .heart, guilt-dark- ened though It be, There is a lovo nil beaatifal, that lives and clings to thco. I'm weeping very bitterly, I .cannot belp theso tears, They aro tho trlbuto memory pays to joys of fleeted years. Good-byo! God bless thco, mother dear 1 I Borrow for thy pain. Oh 1 if I wero but innocent, I'd gladly come ngain. I distinctly stated in the lottor that it would bo utterly useless ngnin writing to mo as I was on tho ovo of netting put for n distant part of' the country. This wasquito truo, for tho rioxt moming I loft Horno Bay, and wont ngain to Maidstono. I wont with.a sad hoart, thinking of all tho griqf mymothorwould Biiflbron my account. Sho had beon such a good mothor to mo ; and Iseomod to eoo hor looking down upon ino with lior full lustrous oyos, nnd fondly kissing mo nnd pointing to all tho beauti ful things so largoly scattered by tholmnd of God through all tho unirorao— just ns aho usod to do in tho oldon days whon I was hor darling boy, in whoso future all hor hopes nnd droaras wero contrcd. And what a futuro flint iins. been t Bottor, mother, to havo seen ino Laid when X was innocont in aomo quiet churchyard, whoro in summer ovoninga you could tinvA viflitaA f.tin tiffin irrftvn tlinf hflltl mv body with full os3uranco that my spirit hod winged its flight to Heavon ! What sorrow, wrotchcdncss, nnd auficr- ing havo fnllon to my lot iny own heart knows only. My outward misery has been groat ; but thcro has somotimes boon an inward torturo still moro dreadful to en- dnro. Thou art in Heaven, my mother I and by tho incroased light of thy angel knowledgo thou enn'st rend this heart of rainoos mortals read it not. Thou wilt know thon, that I havo struggled against tho ovil prompting of my nature ; that t havo sorrowed much for tho grief that 1 have occasioned thco ; that at this ino- mont tho good voico is pleading within me and tho good angel sits watching near my hoart. Mother; if spirits auovo can strengthen tho struggling spirits on earth, strengthen thou me, so that tlio voice apeak not in vain, and tlio vigil of tho angel bo not lost. But alas! what hopo of being good hnve I ? It is likely that years and ycai'3 ago, in that journey to Mnidstono, 1 felt a transient ropontanco, a momentary yearning for tho good ; that I.wopt, that X prayod ; and that soon aftorwards I ro- signed mysolf to wickedness, and win, without compunction, Booking " inonoy, and monoy in any way." Ala3 for tlio in consistency of human nature ! alas for tho wretched woakuoss ot good inten tions ! alas for tho worthlessucas of holy dosiros disassociated from tho persistent onei'gy which ovor labours for thoir fruition. . ; (71. hspoiituiuciW) 