WAS IT A DREAlIl? One day in early spring I waes returning from a trip to the country. I was tired, and lay down to rest in the shade of an old oak tree, close by the banks of a babbling river. It was at the foot of a green meadow, and but a step from the public road. A country. man on his way to town stopped and entered into conversation, in the course of which he informed me that a terrible murder had once been committed beneath that tree, close to where I was seated. He could give me none of the parliculars-it happened long before his day-a few years after the close of the Revolutionary war; he only knew that one Marsden, a wealthy gentleman, had murdered his young wife' and her supposed paramour upon that spot. If he had the time he could show me where Marsden's residence once stood, but he was in a hurry, and passed on. These factosmade a deep impression'upon my mind, and I sat and pondered over what I had heard without regard to the fight of time. The sun had gone to rest behind the distant ridge of hills; the curtain of darkness was enwrapping the world; the stars "twilhkled forth one by one in the fr;r-lffaky the owl sent forth its dull, monotonous cry, and the river tinkled musically onward over its rocky bed, and seemed to bid me rise and follow it; but I disobeyed its call and lingered on. I knew not what a strange experienoe would be mine ere I again left that spot. The thunders of the war of the Revolution have eeased to reverberate among the hills and valleys of the new-born America; the white flsg of peace streams on the breeze, and the busy hum of active labor fills the land; the soldiers, young and old, have all returned to their sweethearts, mothers,wives and children, covered with glory and renown, and are banding their energies to the task of making the infant republic the grandest of all governments upon the face of the globe. A morn in June; a bright sun and a cloud less sky.; dew-drops glittering like millions of diamonds, strewn by the hands of the fairies, over the waving grass; .sweet song-birds on the branches of every nodding tree, fillthe flower-scented air with melody. Stretched beneath a, sturdy oak, I rest full length upon the sward, drinking in all the beauty, tre melody, and the perfume of this fair morning. What a strange being I am II have life, thought and motion, but I am invisible. I know the minds, the feelings and the souls of all with whom I come in contract; but they never feel or seem to know of my presence, But hist I I hear approaching footsteps. I raise myself slightly, and see coming towards me a tall, broard-shouldered man in the very prime of life-a handsome man with curling hair and blazing ryes. Elegantly he is clad in the dress of that period immediately suc ceeding the Revolution. Some trouble is on his mind, for his brows are contracted and his hands tightly clenched together, and he mutters constantly to him self. I feel that I must be with himn, ao sompany him, and know his ways. So, glid ing to his side, together we walk up. the sloping pathway in the direction of that white, vine-embowered cottage we see yonder upon the-orest of that green hill. I am not with t?e poor fellow long before I know his trouble. His soul is distracted with jealousy. He suspects his young bride of infidelity to him. ' What shall I do ?" he moans almostecon. stantly. "Oh, what shall I do? The woman whom I placed above all others, and whom I hold dearer than my own soul, is false. Perhaps it is the Marsden jealously that has possession of me. I can only wait and see wait and see." We are now near the house, and from out the vine-wreathed porch . a girlish figure springs and with light, graceful steps skims over the flower covered lawn to. meet and greet her husband. What a rarely beautiful creature she is with a form so slight, sowondrously moulded -such dewy brown eyes so full of tender ness and sweet expression I Her fair hair, that gleams and glints in the sunshine, falls over her shoulder like a golden vail, and her lips, red and clear as cleft strawberries, part over teeth whiter than any pearl ever ex tracted from the depth of old ocean. I do not wonder that the husband worships her as -wildly as he does. She throwsher snowy jewelled arms around the broad shoulders of Marsden, and holds up the red and frogrdnt lips to be kissed. I know the man-feels like thrusting her from him, and pourning forth upon her defenceless head the fury long smothered within his breast. Far better would it have been had he done so. But he controls himself -by a great effort, lightly kisses the little'mouth, and walks on in silence to the house, she clinging to his arm. ' She is a childish. innocent thing, I know. No guile in her heart-no stain on her eoul. How terribly blind humanity is I I know her thoughts, and can even hear the blood as it ripples through her veins, and know that every drop drawn from the warm, trusting heart is consecrated to the broad-shouldered, jealous creature whose name she bears. Oa arriving at the house Marsden excuses himself and retiree to ms paprtment.. Bow ing his head upon a table, he muttere brokenly, "Oh, it must be so Old Pompey cannot be mistaken, Twice, he says, she has met him in the last ten day, at the'foot of the meadow by the old oak tree. If I find this report to be true, his life, at least, shall pay the penalty for bringing disgrace on the Marsden name." Out in the garden in the latticed summer house a little white-clad figure is crouched in a corner of' the rustic bench, sobbing and moaning softly. "I must tell Siles to-night. This suspence has been almost unbearable. Silsa is so proud-but then he secured his pardon onee, and gave him" money to start afresh-and ho thinks now he is fIe away. Oh, how angry he would be did he know of this new trouble I Poor erring boy, I love him so ! To-morrow he will be gone, and then Iwill tell Silas-my dear, dear husbandl" She rises from her seat, but she notices not the scrap of white paper that has fallen from her bosom to the ground. By some strange fatality Silas Marsden enters the summer house immediately his wife leaves it. Almost the first object that greets his gaze is the scerap of paper. Imanginiug evil in every thing, he gathers it eagerly up, and with fast beating heart and changing countenance reads the following: "DvAaEST :-Meet me by the old oak tree, at the foot of the meadow, at dusk this even ing. To- morrow all will be over. Do not fail to come. "Lovingly, H- ." Poor, unhappy Silas Marsden? One par oxyam after another of rage and jealously convulses his frame, and he utters curses loud and deep. Murder is in his heart, .and it is some time before he grows calm enough to form his plan of action. Out in the aunny world all is joy and glad ness. The arickets ahirpout clear ande shrill; myriads of birds pour forth their sweetest songs; and the breeze, as it sweeps softly on ward, bears upon its bosom the perfume of a thousand flowers. Bat all this brightness, all this song and happiness, are not shared in by thb miserable Mdareden. His blood surges through his veins like seething, molten fire, and his heart feels as if it would tear itself asunder. Back to the house he presently rushes, and calling his wife to him, hurriedly tells her that he has been summoned away on urgent business, to be detained he does not know how long. The innocent wife, knowing not what is in his heart, bids him good-by and wishes him success. The green eyed mon-. ster, rankling in his soul, makes 'him fancy that she smiles and his cheerful at his de parture. Fearful of losing his self-control, he hurries off and away through the sweet eoented forest towards the village. Night, dark, gloomly night. The sky an unearthly lurid hue; the atmosphere heavy and oppressive; the occasional flash of lightning; the sullen mutterings of thunder among the distant hills; the soughing sigh of the wind in the tall tree-tops; the weird wailings of the great-throated frogs in the river; the low flight of the leather-winged bat, all telltof an approaching storm. Odd I but there, by that old oak tree, at the foot of the Marsden meadows, aman and woman are lingering. By the strange light emitted from the clouds I see them plainly. He is tall and handsome-she is alight and graceful. The woman is -ilas Marsden's wife-the man is-well, I know, because I know everything-but the trembling, angry manhereat my side does not. Silas Mareden and I, his constant, invisible companion, are here behind the decaying trunk of a tree that has been riven and blasted by the'lightning's bolt.. He is nervously clutching a gleaming pistol, I gazing passively on. ' We hear the voices of the man and woman; they are talking low, and, it seems lovingly. Now they are about to part. We see the man reach out his arms and draw the woman -tohis breast. We hear him say," Farewell, my love," and his lips meet here in lingering kisses. My God . The man at my side leaps forth rom his concealment with an awful cry suach as I did never heard beforo-of mingled rage and despair; and fires his pistol several times in suceassion at the couple. An owl, alarmed at the unusual commotion, flaps heavily away among the trees; a dreadful deathlike silence now reigns; the sky as sumes a blood-red hue, and imparts to all objects the same horrible color. Oh, it is a terrible night, and my heart grows numb with a ghastly terror, and the very marrow freezes in my bones. Were the shots effeotive? Yes, very. For the man lies motionless and dead, never mov. ing after falling so violently to the ground, At a little distance from him lies the woman -the poor little, woman-moaning and gasping; her white dress all stained and dabbled with blood; the rosebuds falling withered and dying from her golden hair; and the jewelled hands clutching convulsively at the trembling grass. Oh, it is a terrible night I No sooner are the shots fired, than the man sees his dreadful work, than remorse seizes upon him, and he rushes to the side of the prostrate woman, and, tenderly lifting her head from the ground, pillows it upon his bosom. The great brown eyes un'close for an instant, and a light'of joy illuminates them I the pale lips murmur caressingly, "my poor brother -dead- Silas, my husband-my own--" But the sentence is never flunished, for the sunny head falls back, the loving eyes close forever, and the spotless, innocent soul is quietly born by angel hands over the jasper sea, through the " gates ajar," to life anm rest eternal. -I A terrible light dawns upon the unhappy murderer. With a hoarse cry of agony he rushes to the dead man, and bending low he looks closely at the upturned, rigid face. The countenance tells him an awful tale. "My God I" hegrasps. "My wife's out lawed brother I I though he was far away ! Oh, why was I so fearplly blind?" He rises from the ground and dashes like a hunted animal into the depths of the forest. A flash of lightning, a burst of thunder, and the threatened storm bursts forth. Oh, it is a terrible night I A wretched wanderer in Europe, under an assumed name, after a lapse of two years, I again see Silaos Marden. Over the snow covered mountains of Switzerland, the sunny slopes of Italy; the vine-clad hills of Ger many, the bonny vales of France, the foggy streets of London, the gay resorts of Paris here, there, everywhere, he has sought the blessed boon of peace--esurcease from sorrow. But, alas l it is not granted him. A hag. gard, half-crazed man, he wanders on and on, plunging into all sorts of recklessness and debauchery, seeking for that which is denied him. Constantly his innocent victims are with him-in the waking hours of the dread mid night, in the full glare of the noonday sun; in the crowded eity, in the quiet country, he sees their blood-stained forms. Hourly he curses himself and his blind jealousy.' Poor man, hard, indeed, is his position I Now we are back again in America, in the third story of a equa:i hotel in a lonely quarter of a great city. It is midnight, and the anniversary of that terrible murder in the MaIersden meadows. Again a frightful storm is raging. For three days he his lain there upon that miserable cot, listening to the howling storm, striving to forget the neast. " The hour of midnight, rung out by a cleek in a neighboring belfry, is borne quiveringly by the sighing wind to his listoning ears. The last stroke dies away. With the old cry on his lips, sarsden springs from the bed, draws a pistol from his bosom, places it to I: . is temple, firce, and sinks to the floor a ;loody corpse. Beneath the spreading boughs of the old oak, by the river, at the.loot of the Maraden meadows, I rest again. I had certainly been asleep, and the night was now far advanced and dark as pitch. All was still as death save the murmuring obf tho'little river loses by. I felt like one who had been suffering from a terrible nightmare, and it was with difficulty that I fouod my way back to the village, and to my lodgings. After that I was sick for several days; but the physicion said my illness was caused from lying on the damp.ground. I did not tell him of my strange experience, nor of the painful .condition of my shoulder, which lingered with me for many days. I am not a superstitions person, but 1 shall always firmly believe that the ghost of the dead and gone MIareden returned td earth that night and took me with him down the vale of years, and showed me his past life. 