IN LOVE WITH A FAIRY. ? By Thnntson Sierra, Author of ' Tuo Ghost of a Christmas Dinner,' '(Sunbeams and Shadow,' 'Liko Hummer Clouds,' &c.; (From the Week.) Who tht has *yes to fiee, a heart to bolt riBjonfivo to soft emotions, and ono spark of tho poetic in hia bouI has not at somo timo or arothir beim in leve with a fairy? I do not mean thoso dainty, aerial, evanescent, inor- pned eroutions ol tho p'ot's lanoy ; those de ligLtf ul entities that peoplo childhood's delieioua diejme ; those charmingly happy crea urea who iiuvo twya uouvomtjiit bjz^b taut now n bo^iq can romp through a Sir Roger de Goverley on a loeelonf and then ono ia big enough to quaff his nectar of curly morning duw at tt gulp from the lip of a cou volvulus. I do not mean those swtet fairies— for to have an enduring aff-wtion for them ie only mortal. Tha fituies I havo in vitw ure viry mw.h mire material, moro tat gil-lo, more ' t eneible to feiliug as to siijut,' more like mirFi-lvca — the fairini of tbs Btago. Not the Fhakeppeiiian phantasies f-ithor— the Puofes, ( fccrona, and Titauias who haunt the fi ent foVtudefi cf ' bohhy dolls' and trip thoir meiiy li- psnpontho gteonuwarfl, nnd.irueath the en Bceiit moon to the mun'o ut tho purlini; stronm winding its tilver way through the dark r.rches cf roman'.ij trees— not thcBe, but, in a txrni-j ihn anhfcf--nt:ml 1-nt.litiA-a nf ftiAf1hriut.nja pantomimes. I mi an the fair, or daik, ladiea, ccn-picuouH by ibe possession of more or less udiposo tissue and a go&ntiuess; of raimont — winch is variously of e'l the brightest tints ooa toioed in the rainbow, or invented sinoa the flood— who circlo in b3wildoring ,'muzsa about the etage ; ascend on improbablo b;rds drawn by palp»ble cords ; form stifl! group) about ''the witgs' while the red fito flares up atthobiok ; atd generally fill in oblrutivo details intha Btujie-painte-r'a brilliant so-ne. He that bM been in love with one of theao haa freight 3 his mem&iy; with a charge that tim3 fitids it difficult to dislodge. The oxpsrienoa, not infrequently ccmeB to a violent, a disen chant'eg end ; nevertheless nmong the broken peiticleaof the shattered poturea of tho past enough is elwuyn loft to bo gathered together tofcim a fascinating vision. Such haa been my cufc at any rato. In 186— was produced at ono of ihu leading Melbourne Thcattfs a very successful panto mime, which, for obvioua reasons, (mainly to prevent the possibly .inconvenient and uncoin foitablo c'Etequencea of identification), we (?ball consider to have been called ' Cinderella.' Certain profcetiomtl privileges vested in the he'd of the funsUy gave itu younger members, including reyself, comparativ ly frequent op portumtie3 of vikiting tho theatre, advantages of ?which, it need bardly bo acd«id, we pretty f-eejy avaMidourtelvea. 'Cinderella' proved hreeii'tibly fascinating to me, and I became a tolerably constant attendant. Let me be fra^ik at once, o»d eocfefa thatit -naBnottho heroine, nor the akilled performance of a leading actor o ; aotrees, ncr the charms of the atory, nor the liaTlrqirnndp, nor the gorgeourae-s of cos tumes, properties, ot{mise-en-sccne thattemp'ed mo to drfert tho family oirole and lured me from vacation exercises ; no, it was the bewitch iDg mngnetitm of a membar of the corps de balkl—ooe of a boat of fairies. Shall I ever forget the spell of tht so lustrous eyea of blua which seemed to spirklo with a new delight as I toe k my aooustomed place at tho far end of the circle Beats, quite near the stago, or the little signs of rfiooguition — tbeaUnht nroh'ng of the trows, the paiting of tho pretty lips, and ihe furtive dimpling of tho rosy oheekR ? What to mo then were tho massive magoig ceroe of the Amaznne, re-plendent in dazzling steel, the petite graao cf Cinderella herself, the wiclt(dnc3s of the elder sisters or the allure ments of the other fairies ia the line with mice ? I bad r or eyes nor thoughts for them. Number Three, fiont row (the programmer did not dignify ber with a namo, and she was em braced in *ho general description— fa'ries), monopolized my attention, and in time she came to be the very centre pivot of the piece, all else waa but an attribute to herself. I saw only her face, only the full, graceful neck, the rotmdod arm, the neat and dapper figure, only the wavy masses of her golden hair and the soft effect of her flimsy gaiments of bine. How the feeling of admiration orept upon me step by step — stealthily, as those feelings always do creep upon ns, when they have no right in the world to creep at a)l ! Why. in time I became im pervious to tho attacks of jealousy whioh at first iiirly besieged me as I f onoied my particular fairy waa smitten by the beautiful mouetaohea of that elegant swell, -who, in faultless even ing dreps, nightly took his seat in the otntro oi the second row in the stalls below. Neverthe less, it was something of a relief to find by unmistakable, signs that he whom I had deemed a rival was a viotim to the blandish ments of 'Fairy No. 16' — with a boldface, the old gold finery end impossible calvefr. My admiration deepened into love — that is, into that inoompreheneible, indescribable mectal antio, boy love— which expressed iUolt tome in the most absurd vogaries. Thus, when she smiled I was unutterably happy, and sun, and moos, acd stars, with the gaslight and lime light thrown in, seemed to oon join their reful gence into one vast and dazzling flash of glory. When ehe frowned or was sad, then was there no brightness in the present, and the futnro wan too forbidding, and dark to peer into. I kept tin o with her danco. When aho skipped in the air I waa elevated, and when the concluded a pirouette \sith an unmistakable thud, my reart went thump in sympsthetio unison. Finally, what havoc was wrought when, ai tor her only pas scul, amid the applause of the houp.e, »he sidled up to tho ' Bocond O.P. on Iratec,' and in retiring phot round tho oorner of tho ecene her last, long-lingering parting leek at me ; how my heart beit and my cheek flushed as I caught tbo final flash of those sparkling ejes! But how turbid what re mained ! Iho magnesium, a rnahliqbt ; the erstwhile glittering tinsel, dull and lustreless ; the dancing, slow and spiiitlesa ; tho music, ont of tune. With what a supremo contempt X looked down on those about me wVo fouud intimt, entertainment, fon in what was left to do— even the droll ries of my orce dear old friends, the down and panta loon, were more senile and stupid thin over. . At last the curtain falls, the 1'ghh ure iovrerod, and with the orowd, but not of it-, I paw into the open etreet ; but it ih not in this world— it is on a select little glob' of my own, ree erved for myself nnd my fairy. I walk on air, and apologise to 20 sulid mortals who bump me roughly in recalling me to earth I eing to the BtarB the Bong in the rofrain to which my fairy feebly joined, and address to tin statues in theFitzroy Gardena tho speeches I would give worlds to speak to hoc And bo homo to bod Bnd to eleop entering that other fairyland of dreamB with, half-uttared on my lips, tho prtttieatname I oould imigino to fitmyfa'ry queen. . Excesively selfUh though we all are it is also a cbaraorerisb'o oi our natures, probably due to that very felfiebneas that we are always prone to advertise our fe'icities in order, not perhaps to have them fharcd with na, but to enjoy our frienoV envy or congratulation. I wanted my divinity all to myself, but I also wanted others to know that I had such a divinity all to myself, acd accordingly I determined to take my younger brother into my oonfidenoe. ' Charlie,' I said to h:m one diy, not with out some considerable hesitation and iniKgivinga of to bow what I hud to impart would be rd ceived. ' Chfirlio,' I eaid, ' I've got a scoret I want to till you and whioh I wish you to keep.' ''As woll aa you'ro about to do, eh f' 'I'm in love, desperately, head over heels in love with a fairy.' ' Fudge !' Borne more of yonr ShaVo epearian croze. I suppose. Who is it this timo, Ariel or PeaB-bloBaom ?' ' No, really, a roal living;, flosh and blood fairy at tho Opera House.' 'Get out. What ara you giving meP Throngh your play- reading I think you have got a little bit t- nohod.' 'Foot, I aasuro jon,' I anaworod, with oVsperato seriousness. 'You oomo to tho theatre with me to Bight and I'll point hor out to you, and ceo if you don't admire my ta*to. Such oyco. Charlie, ouch lips, such teoth, snob hair ' Each added charm being indicated with increasing omphasia. 'And do you know,' added I, firing tho mo»fc risky shot with steady end solemn imperturbability, 'that I have very good reafona to think my fairy 1« a bit gono on me, too.' This woo rather too mujh, and my brother bu'atout linghiog. ' Naver mind, ' lur^=d; 'You como with mo to-night, and judge for yours If.' Aid after but littlo poreuosiin he agreed to comply with my wioho?. Emboldened by this partial suooo^a, I waa nerved to pneecuto my advantage further. 'I aay,' I proceeded, ' do yon think the mater would mind my picking a bunch of il;werd fjr my faity ?' 'Come, now, wouldn't a bunch of carrots be more appropriate, acd do j ast as well ?' ' ' Don't chaff, old fellow. I'm very aorlous, really. Do you think eho'd mind just a faw, jouknow f' 'Perhaps not, if you don't toke hirchobo Cloth of Gold or Malmaison roses, and Jeave EdithV p6t panaiea severely alone.' The flowers were dnly gathered and arrange!, und I proceeded to play my trump card. During the morning I made my way into town, an l to the manager's office at the theatre. Genial, kindly old Jim IOtta was treasurer then, and presenting myrelf befjro him, cot wi'bout much trepidation, I introduced mysef and explained tho objsot of my viiit. I w.ia exceedingly anxious t- explore tbo to me fctknown and mysterious regions bohind the f ceres during a performance, mid would he be good enough to give me an order to enablo mo to paBB the atajo door that night ? After emphasising tho inoonvonience of having strangers behind when a piny wa9 iuprogroae, and the other drawbacks against accodins? to my requeBt, he at lc-ngth gave way, and handed me Iho preciouB pieon of paper which waa to bo tho ' open seBame ' to this now wonderland. Borne again thua armed I impatiently waited the coming of the night. When at last it did arrive the necessary permission to at tend the theatre was obtained, and in duo course we reached it. With the bolduesa which ib an elder brother's portion, and some thing of pationagp, beariDg the bouquet (shame facedly carrying it under my ooat taM») I etcorted my brother to the seat I seemed now to havo a kind of vested interest in, and took my accustomed place. BegardiDg myself as the bero ol tho honr, and with all tho aplomb befitting so old an halitue, I pointed out what was specially worthy of note, and, in tho proud eoBFciouiiiesa of success, waa actually mag nnDimoua eneugh to draw attention *o my anp pcted rival, the Ewell in the stalls. Hew itteiminablo the overture Beemed to be, to be snre. and when at laet the curtain did go np how lorg and wearisome the opening Eetiira. '?tcok, Charlie, look !' I exclaimed catch ing Wb a-m convulsively with my trembling h8nd. 'There fho ia! There'e my fairy; 'bthiid the second wing, thero; that's whero ehe ctmtBoc. She Bees me already ; look! she's luiigbicg with pltasure. Oh, Cuarlio, what a smile. Eh, my boy !' 'What,' he anawerej, 'That German locking orea'me in b!uo ?'' ' Geimun, if you will ; bat a Marguerite, my dear boy— Gb'ethe'B Marguerita to a trifle.' 'Ncnsenpo; jou can't see Btraight and I am certain the cun't— Bhb's oross-eyed !' ' Oh, what a wicked libe-1 !' 7he gnat maroh of the gorgeous Amazons was over, and then came the ballet, the apex of my felicity, for in that SHE figured- oon ppitmeuely. How beautiful eha looked, how gracefully sho danced, and how well sho sang ! But Cbarlie seemed to have a fit of opposition on. Nothing eho did was well done. He oon - tidered the tasto of the swell in tho stalls better than mine, ard thought a Ecraggy wcucu he pointed out, with a doll's face and Hack hair, and erf EEed in purple, prcferablo to both, wh 'o artietioally, from a fcculptor's point of view, he taid the.flm&zon; Queen, with her superb figure (ehe waB soven feet tugb, ii she was an inch., and broad in proportion, and could havo lest my little fairy in the thumb of her gauntlet) was abtolntely peifcot. Taen oame my fairy's chance, aud how glori ous'y ehe executed the steps with which she had of old danced into my afieot'ons, and how defily she repeated that parl'.aular pirouette with whioh the bad befcra bounded into my heart ! Her pas seul over; I oaat my bouquet at her feet, and was rewarded with a rapturous glance, which swept tho whole house and then Eo't'ed upon me until the cur tain (but it ont. How the applause rang out — it was, of course, an expression of epproval of roy appreciation— but how long it laat;d ! I got rjcirous, and Bank back in my seat to hide my blushing face, thinking every soul in that vast home waB staring, laughing1, mock ing f-t ire. But my greateet triumph waa yet to come, acd vigorously pulling myself together, I muttered something abont wing absent for a ftw mementa, and left the theatre. Up a dingy, dirty, ditroal lane and I tfus in little Collins Btieet, otd toon found myself face, to faoe with that terrible janitor— the stage door-keeper. As a cIses invariably stern, morose, jealous, forbidding, cantankerous, sharp-spoken, and UECGipmuaicative thia particular member of hi3 peculiar tribe waa awfully repuUive. '? Hi, ycurg shaver,' he roared, aa I entered tho long low passage leading to tho stage, 'Wat are y' arter? Wo don't want none o' tho likes o' yon a hidlin' 'ereabouta. Get out in double quick, d'ye 'ear ?' 'But I have nn order, if yon please;' I rfrocnttiated timidly, prodneicg the pieoe of pa j: or in question . ' A border ! 'oo of, I'd like to know ?'' ' M r. KitlB, ple-asc.' ' Kit's, eh ?.WeM, I never ! Our treasurer':! agcin' cif 'it blcerniti' 'td, blersed if be ain't. 7i-ing» ia ccmin' to a pretty pass when they 'avea ?shirpetmapperB of the likes o' yon a dand'.in' aroncd. Well, its all ri^ht, I s'pose. Hin j ergo!' By no means f orry to bo rid of the influencsoi this EurJy Cerbcius — who, with hia houibly wicliid little eyes, great ugly bristly jiwa, pro tiuding.tectb, ponderous hairy hand*, and burly frame, wrapped in the coarsest olothes, seemed mado to fit tho position, and naturally consti tuted to be the iifiexible keeper of tho ki y B ot the paradise upon whos j threshold I W68 trembling, — I pped upon my way nlong the inutly, d'lBlylighted passage. Up three CHflMng tteps end round a corner, and in an in stant I -KB6 on the fctago, dazzled by tho ie'ense flood of light from hundreds of flaring ga jets, bewildindby the bustle, scurry, and confusion, awed as I looked up and bow tho labyrinthine network cf great ropes about me, and saw the. Bt age cai pent ei a darting hithsr and thither vi h forests of trees and fragments of massive coBtles, scd delighted by the excitement, the EOvelly, the ohaim o£ all thia new experience. There was Cinderella's gilded coaoh, hero a piece of (he Prince's palace, in another place the old familiar butcher's shop, of numbor leeB harlequinades, and all mixed up togother in such a deliciouBly inextrioablo chaoa. What a chvtter of bury tongues, what a din of hammer blown, what a Boreech and croak of winding: wtco!». what a thnd and thump of olosing doors and falling traps— and throngh and above it all tbe crath of oymbals and the bump of drams, the .'fqueaiing of tho wryneoked fife,' tho j icicitg whistling of the flute, and the thin fliiillnceB oi tho violin, whilo, ucoonoerned, tho players grouped about and talkod, and others danced with twinkling foot upon tho baize down by the curtain folda. Here waa the giarjd'oeo .Amazon Queen tilting with the pantaloon, thore Cinderella fixing the clown's wig on bin head ; horo .harlequin, sucking an orange ; thero columbine, flirting desperately with tho Demon of Disoord ; thoro.f airios of all kinds, fizen, shapes, and complexions— fairies in pick, isiries in mauve, majonta, white, green, giay, black, pniplo, red, yellow, and silver; and there, yes. there actually was tho swoll from the Btslls finishing a pint of portor with tho fairy in old gold— that Vo. 16! Fairies everywhere! But where was mine ? Dared I eeek her ont? Would I know her oIcbo to ? How would sho receive me? What should I say? How rcnty Biixious questions rnshed unau 6 we red to rny lips? I took a turn about the stogo, a»nming as well as I know how the demeanour of one who knew his way about, and was locking for Eomeono he waa bound to encounter eooner or later — and when passing ceo of tbe wingB on the prompt aide I caught a glimpto cf blue. Another look, and I knew tint I was rlfjbt — there could bo no mistaking the thi en ol tboce golden treBseB, tho rosy Hpa and ivery teeth, the dimpled checks, tbe flash ing ctcb of blue. The eyeB — ah, yes, ' Charlie waa right, ibero was a littlo obliquity of vision — but what of that?— a spot upon the Bun! Iheie the -was radiont- reclining in ftraoeful pose upen tho bink 'whereon the wild thyme fircwt,' and vhitt a tmile lit up that beaming faoo bb I approached ! But I wan Lervous sod felt oonfu«ed. I didn't know - er name, nor did sho mtno. What should 1 tftj ? 'How do jou do?' fho commenced, -with |p jutt. O.o fainust, meat d 1 c its » *upc, -a of au Ipj tc.cnt in the world, ms sho extended htr band. i;^ ' How- o— ow— d'ye do?' I stammered in % reply, ar.d took tho proffered hand How soft Egg ami {lump and loaud, to be euro, and what WS fingtis ! r- ??You oomo often t-j tho thsutro, iBn't it?' rf' thn continued. f £\ ?? I co- co- come to ceo jou,' I replied. I %'i] brgan to thick I was getting on bravely. O-. ' And do you kiiOw,' I added, tardily reloisiag p, tny pretty prey, '? that I oall jou my fairy!' PjJ: I was sure 1 waa getting on famously. Um '?J» it to?' ehe laughed; 'how pretty of ||! you.' Were thoso wrinkles on that alabaster §§§5 brow ? Absurd. And -=ven if thoy w«ra, they E§| woro contracted by a bad habit, not by age. ||| Crrwtfeet ! How ridiculous ! Line* put thero its by herself to throw oat the fcpirkla of thoso Jag brilliant eyes. g| 'I think it was eo grunious of you to bring ms BE those beautiful floner.i, and 1 thank you vory eg much.' M 'Ah, too po-r an offering ut so sweet a ||| shrine.' I felt at Hat I whs in tho pcop3c ijH strain, and not going it a bit too Btrong. ' I 3||j oould throw myself at yonr feet.' t||s 'Mot from the oirole, txat-1? ? You would g| hurt yonuelf, and do me no good.' And she Elf laughed, a rippling, melodious laugh. But it §§- continued a long timo. Was ehe wuking iun |@| of me? Oh, no, it could not be. But this rsf boisterous hilorily — what did it mean ? TUtn s|| it dauned on mo. My fairy's ecataoy at ||f knowing and rcoiprooating my soul's passion fm iound vent in this myaterious burst of gladness. |1| A surfeit of joy hr-d ended iu a turfeil of fi§ laughter! 1 bat waa it. ||| 'Dear fairy, tell me what to call you — I ||| would have a nan-e the.t 1 might engrave in Iff everlasting characters upon this poor heart of El mice that beats alone for you.' I mode a Ii mental noto that tint waB a touch of the tub- l|| lime. IU 'Coll mo Christina, if you will!' my fairy ' §| said, but langhtd again. H ' Why do you laugh ?' I a3ked. Hi 'Ihe sensation is ao new. 1 never had any Ei ore talk to me bo nice before, and itthklesine Hi in.mencely.' H ' You csn't have tnown nice people~-no, I B mean people couldn'c aay nic9 things- na, « no'- I ft-lt I wan Jap.dug into the ridioulouj. B ?'I know what jou mean. .Ntver mind now. Bj But tell rre, where cid jou get these- lovely ? fiowtis r' H ' Oh, my mater's got a stunning garden. No H end cf tjoel thiiige init.' B '?Vi here do you Jive r' B ' Efst Collingwood.' R ' .And I live in Gollirgwood, too.' ? '?Howluoky. l»ftylairy — Fairy Christina, H do jou mind our walking a bit of tho way K honio with jou, then ? My brother ia with me H iu the cirole there, and wa — that is, I— should S be to happy if you would let us.' B '?Certaiily, if you wifihit.' K ' Oh, tbac ia bo kind of you;' Awkward S psvse, 'They are pretty flowbra.' S ?? But I didn't cou.e to talk of them, Fairy ffi Chi'tt'ua, only of tbe fuuredt flower ttiut if blccmelh— of youratlf.' n ' Talk away.' m And I did. I unbmdened my surcharged S hctit, and unlooeened the flood -gates of my M t vi rwhelmirg love ; launched at her an fij avalanche of endearments, auet omoiherod her in 6 a ptlk-eid atmoephei e ol -fervid a iVcetnoaa ; then H in tho middle of my mont rapturous burst of M elequent adoration, tho prompter roared out ia B tttttoimn tones- 'Citur s'aga, please. I UegiLEcrs ready !'— and tho rain of adulations K ceated. B ' Good bye, myheart'f delight,' I cried out, H as I drugged mytolf »way. 'Uood bye, buc I we thall soon meet Hguin.' fl A Jitul of ringing laughter waa all th) I answer I received, and its echoes yat reverbe- M rated in my catB at I pa.-ced along the dark flj parfcuge, patt the Burly ccrbcrus, into the etreet;, I uiid up to my place at L'harlie'a side. B ? 'Xve tetii her, brother mine, and fah^'s an B angel.' H ' Betn who— what r' ? ' My faiij— Christina ' H 'She was Marguerite juat now.' ? ' But this U her rtul ncme. I. have had saoh B a lovely chut wi'h her, i.nd found out whore she I lives. More, I have arranged that we shall B aciompt.ny her pavt of her way home. I'll B introduce yon *d her.' I ' Veiy good and generous of you, I'm sure. I Bnt, I gay, old feliow, will thin be right, you ? know? What would the governor say it I13 1 heard of it r' _ I 'Ah, but he needn't know, you sae. Bj- 1 siche, it's only another noene in a Jiltlo rj- I mBceo.' I ' In a roaring farce, you mean.' m Before tho harlequinade was half over to- I gethcrwe made our way to tho etage door and B watche dthe actors cud the actressas, ihe supers. a and the fairies file out in singles, doublw, I trtblea, and little giggling, chattering sets, and I at Jatt— at last my lairy oame. Shall I say I I wua diiitnohanted i Hu. Of ooarsa Charlie I waa diainterested— ray, very niuuh pre- I judiced— but even bo it waa unktdof him to | tcy that my Christina did not Ijok up I to much now that tha wad dressed. It I w&b; pcsitively ctuel — of that mo«t I patticniarly unpleasant and cutting kind of I cruelty one often meets with in thoae candid I irienda who gay for you just the thoaght tha: I ettihes yon youreel', but whioh for very loyalty I to previous ccnviotienB, for mere consistency's I sake, j on would never dream oi expieseiag. I She emerged into tho dark, and it did not I malttr eo much, and betides, I saw only the 1 fuiiy of the glittering tetna then and never tho I wenian at a'l. I ' My tiother Charlie, Fairy Chiiatini. Will I jcu take my aim? Charlie, will jou take the I fuiiy's bundle?' 1 ' Oh, never m'nd, tba^iki. Ii'a -vary l'ghfc [ atd I'd rather keep it myself. It's only a trifle I to cany.' I Kow, why did Charlie snigger under that I kmp, I wonder ? Did he, too, think it was I only tha fairy's dreea ? I never utkal him I thar. I What a blijflful walk, that waa ! Iciuldfail I my f air j 'a heart throbbing against my arm and { gently presa hor arm in imne. 1 oould be eo I much bolder in tbo dark, and, with my blushaa I unteen, say all k.nds if sweat thiugs in her I attentive ear. B.bidea, Oharlia had suddenly got 'La .tills du Madame Ae.G:' on tha biain, and loudly whielled everything in the optra from beginning to end. That was so good oi him. I After half an hour'a ecstatic joy of this des cription we reachedBridgo Btreet, and Ohristini taid, ' 1 live only three docra to tha right here, und need not trouble you Jurthor.' ' Trouble, Fairy Christina — it'j a moment of poradiee. Wo munt boo you Bafely home, eh, Charlie?' - What coiild Charlie say but yej, eBpooially af'.er the nudge I gave him, which deprived lira cf breath for fully fuur seoonda. ' Well, if jou nn. t, of oourso. you will. But it ifimpcaing on you too mujh.' ? ; We reached tho gate. ' Won't you come in aLd ictt a minute?' my fairy asked. It waa Cliailit'a turn lor nudgiug now. 'Oh, no tLank jou,' I replied, when I oould, 'It's too late, aud they 'ro sitting' up for us at home.' Th- n suddenly the honise. door opened and a Equat, thickset, brawny littlo man appeared. ' Shcmmerliau6enhoopfengiBterhenger6tein gicmachen', Ohrurina,' it eaid. ' Oh, mother, how late jou aro to-Light.' end a ragged urchin with bare legs and un kempt hair, poktd ita head under the nan's exUcded aim. ' My husband, Mr. ? ' aaid tho voice th»t had teen Fairy Christina's. Bnt I heard not nor stayed — flying home wtrd* on the wings of fright, with Charlie at ' - my hi els. 1 thcught his Bhrieka of laughtorwould have raised fcll Collingwo?d up in arms. Yts, I taw that pantomime again, but only onco, and thtn misting the fatal .pas seul, and I thenfcht it very dicory : and what a simpering: iciot, tco, I thought that swell in tho «talla to te, to be coaling hia ridiculous sheep's eyes, upon that brazen- faced hnfBy in old goH drew and impcBsible calves. An to fairies, I have gone book to the posts. The End. 