"■ {vONTSNU??r> fkdjt VrEDNESDAY's SUPPLE MENT], A GAME OF CHANCE BY ELLA J. CURTIS, (shirley smith), Author of "The Favourite of Fortune, "All for Herself," " His Last Stake, rtp... ptfil CHAPTER XLYI. How rr Ended. Baffled in his attompt at solf-dostruotion by 11 to courage and determination of l^llon Balfour, Rossi tor sAnk to tho ground in a half-uncoiiseioUs state. Tho violonco of tho iparoxsym had passed, tho terrible prossriro | on tho brain being probably reliovod l>.y tho flow of blood from his throat. It was not a serious cut, for tho \ioor fellow's hand was nerveless, a'tkOugh when Ellen grappled with him (or the knife, ho rallied all his remaining strength to resist her, The guests, men for the most part, who were waiting in tho porch for carriages to come up, heard tho crio3 for help, and beforo tho frightened girl imagined that succour ; oould roach her, half-a-dozen gentlemen wore in tho loft. Tlioy found her loaning ox haustod against tho organ hor face deadly whito, while blooA from her fingers, cut in .tho struggle for tho knife, streamed ovor hor dress. She had shut hor oyes that she might not sec Itossitur's agonised ind ghastly face ; out aim oould not close hor oars to tho means that now and thon broke from him. It was ovident -'that ho was buffering intensely. The doctor, quickly summonod, dressed tho wound, which ho declared WAS superficial, and not at all likely to provo dAngeroris, but ho said that the poor young fellow was in tho first stftge of AcUte brain fever, and wduld require the greatest possible cAr<5 if his liEVi was to be saved. Ellen aiul his sUUSt both testified to his late sufferings from sleeplessnosa, and tho {oi'mor added tlut his speech and bearing throughout tho time sho was with 'him in organ loft that morning showed that Ms mind was unhinged. Jt was Useless lo declare now that he ought to Viavo been kept away from the church, and indeed all needless regets upon tho subject were morged in the urgent question of the moment, how to got him home as quietly and with as Jittlo delay as possible. It was dono at last with infinite difficulty, nnd as tho spocclies of congratulation wore being made at tho wedding breakfast, and tho brido sat beside her husband with her oyosdoinurelycastdown as she listened to hor own praises being ailtlg, And to tho reiteration of MilbankeVi good fortune in having secured such« charming wife, poor Uosaitur lay tossing on his bed with delirium Witting on, and the fever iiwroaaUlg in intensity every moment. Tho news of his sudden collapse; and tho tragedy that had all but tftkoit pMce il\ tlie church, spread 1)H>? \Vi\dfiro' through tho village. And was of course exaggerated by every tongue that repeated tho story. Tho knife covered with blood, ao 0110 declared, had fallen 011 tho bride's white gown, and loft n groat stain. Sho screamed at tho ill omened sight, and all. but fainted in tho bridegroom's 1arms. Another version, believed by many, was that the organist had fired a shot at the bridal party while tho ceremony was proceeding, and that Lord Warleigh, the best man. would have been killed if lie had not bent his head just in time to avoid the bullet. And a second shot would hare followed tho first if Ellen Balfour had not wrenched the pistol away. Everyone said that everyone know some thing dreadful would happen beforo long, Charles Rossitur had looked go unlike him self ; and what ha 1 happoned was a warning to youug men not to fall in love with women wit 3 where above tho in in station. »Vas it likely that tho Earl's only daughter would stoop to Fanner llossitur's son ? Tlie guosts who had waited to assist in the removal of tho unfortunate young man to his homo, brought the news to the Park ; but as it was such a horrilo story for tho birdo to hear 011 hor wedding day, everything possiblo was done to lceop it from Lady Judith's ears. That something very unusual had taken .place was, however, so . patent to everyone that the bride's curiosity was aroused, and getting hold of her younger brothor sho made him toll hor ovorything. And ho did so in tho matter- of-fact and unconcorned manner peculiar to a lad of about seventeen. 1 Something happened after you left, you say? By Jove? I should think so, rather! That good-looking chap who plays the organ tried to stab himself, or something, and he would have killed himself outright but for some plucky girl who was in tho organ loft with him ! She sang out for help, and seized tho knife and got it from him, and flung it out into the body of the church. I believe it hit old Mulberry, the pew opener, 011 tho top of liis bald head and cracked it like a nut. I'm not joking ? By Jove, Judy, you do look white ! Have some fizz or something ? I say, won't tho mater pitch into me for telling you ! They wanted to koep it dark for fear you might thiuk it unlucky ! 1 Oh, nover mind ! I am all right,' said Lady Judith. ' But I wish it had not happened on my wedding day. And they took him homo, you say ? ' Yes ; aud the doctor says lie's ia for brain fever, poor chap. He was off hia head, you know. The bride was silent for a few minutes, and busy with tho buttons of her glove..1 Do you know who tho girl was?' she said at last. ; . ■ 'No ; not I. Never thought of asking. She is a plucky one, and no mistake ! No more was Baid, and.vwhen the happy pair had started, Lord and Lady Stillingfort congratulated themselves that Judith knew nothing of tho catastrophe that marred the splendour of her wedding day. And during the weeks that she was enjoying a luxurious honeymoon, with every wish, small or great, anticipated by her enamoured husband, aud-, money at her command to gratify every whim, Rossitur was lying between life and death at Stilling fort. Those only who watched him night and day, and heard his incessant ravings, and his wild appeals for help to resist some unknown temptation, (which was either the delusion of a fevered brain, or one to which I10 had at some time been exposed) knew a tithe of his suffering. Many and many a time did Alice and Ellon, who shared the nursing between them, wish that death would put an end to his trial and theirs. It was ao pitiful to see the strong young fellow lying there day afterday, eithor raving in wild delirium or with hia mind wandering, and his speech the babble of a child. Ho recognised no one, and the only thing that sometimes seemed to soothe him was music. Ellen used to play a familiar air softly 011 the piano that stood at the far end of the large room in which he lay ; but too often he took no notice whatsoever, or tried to drown the sound with his voice. The days were growing short, and the trees, those silent witnesses of secret meetings betwoen the false woman and her too credulous lovor, were bare, and the late flowers in the farm garden were black and sear with early frosts, when Rossitur was at last pronounced out of danger. Tho change for the better came, as it so often does, in a long sleep, and the two women who loved him watched eagerly for his awakening. And when it came, he was once more in his right mind ; the storm of passion and despair that had beaten him down, and all but taken his life, was over, and ho felt and spoke like a new man. As he grew stronger and bettor day by day ho strovo to recall his last hours of consciousness ; but his memory was treacherous and failed him utterly when ho tried to remember what had happened before ho awoke and found himself lying on his bed in his own familiar room, and so weak in body that he could scarcely raiso his hand to his head. When thoy told him that it was six wpoks sinoo ho was takon ill ho could scarcely bo made to believe it, And ic \Vas only by very fcltiw degrees that ho was able to piece toge ther scones and events that; when ho first bogan to recall them, soomed mora like vAguo droanis than actual occurrences. As siion lis he VMS out of danger Ellon Balfour ga'vo up hor sharo of tho watching and nurs ing, and wont back to hor work at tho school. Sho could not bring horsolf to wait for his recognition, for it would indeed bo hard to boar should sho seo him turn from hor now;, and she was, bosides, honostly nfraid lost tho mere sight of hor might recall tho awful scono in the church too suddeuly to his rocollectiou and cause a relapso; so, as soon as ho bogan to address thoso about him by name .she novor went into his room, although sho went to tho Farm every day to enquiro for him. If ho romemberod anything of tho strugglo between himsolf and her for tho'' knifo, lio novor spoke of it; and not ouco did Ellon's name pass his lips; but his sistor noticed that ho used to watch tho door iuoossautly, as if expocting someone to appear who never came. When llfl ffAs AbltJ td bd il[t and About again it wA3 rieAtly (jliistiiias, And tho vory first day he \Vas able W walk as far,ho wont StrAight to tho school-liouso1 and surprised Ellon by talking into hor. room as sho qat alond ill Mlo gloaming. k Do you take me for a very tall, thin ghost'?1 he said as ho wont forward into tho circle of tho bright 'firelight. ' 1 am afraid you do, you look so scared! You would hot como to seo mo, so I am obligod to como and seo you but'' I think art you rather unkind to neglect your handiwork as soon as it is tolorably woll patched up and 011 its legs again! , ' My handiwork!' was all sho could stam mer in reply; emotion was choking hor, and to hido hor confusion she got up and mado him tako hor chair by the fire. Sho stood oil tho hearth >vith, her eyes fixed on the logs that were burningso brightly and choerily with vivid blue and yollow ilames; his oyos were fixed on her palo pure face-. 1 fillon,1 hd Baid at last; find stretching out his potir thirt hands lio took orio of hor a be twooii tliBnii 1 i Wftiit t(J tllililk 3*011, irly bravo triib-hsarWa little ffidild, foi' having Sitved ii\y iifd. It hAs taUort irie a long time to re niembor whit htlpponed oii Lady Judith's wedding day, but I have got it all plain and cleAr lioit; And I otfe Ik td rdii tllat I did ndt feitt lilj'ldlf lilted cowiirdl t citii biit liopo that this strong iittlo hand,' and he raised it •tohis lips as ho spoke, 'lias givou back- to the world of workers a safer and more sen sible man than the man who tried to play tho organ that day! What do you say, Ellon? You have not much hope of mo, I am afraid or you would speak,' ho addod as ha crew hor towards him by the hand ho still held. j 'It is not that—I always had hope of you,' she faltored. 1 [t is because I am so glad to seo you well again. ' Yob; well again. Woll in mind, thank flod. And it is not only tho madness of tho fovcr that has passed—-another and more ! j pestilent fever has died out, and tho wild desire and mad longing of the past two years have disappeared with it, and a dosiro that is better and noblor, and more lit for such a man as I am, has been born again! Ellen, I am ashamed to remember that moro than two years ago, in this vory room, and seated in this spot, I gave you to understand al though I did not say ao in words, that I cared for you, not fts & brother, or as a friend, but as A lov6rj And yet, from that hour until thia no word, of love for you has passed my lips. I need not tell you how I was drawn away from you, or by whom, for you know all; and in your heart porhaps you dospise 1110 for a poor weak fool; but ' Oh! no—110,' broke from her involuntary and pulling her hand from his detaining clasp sho covered her agitatod faco and burst into convulsive sobs. > > . In a moment ho was by her side with his arm round her. ,'Ellen—my dearest,' ho whispered, 'Do not turn from mo, I love you—you will always be to mo tho noblest, truest and sweetest woman upon earth. If you ever cared for me, oh, caro for mo now when I so sorely need your lovo. Be my wife, and let ub go away together out of this hateful placo. Will you—will you come? ' I will go with you to the end of the world,'sho answered, as sho throw herself weeping upon his breast. 