( . . fllKELMNflOlH AN APPARITION IN THE GREAT WINTER PALACE, SAINT PETERSBURG. It is well-known fnct that St. Petersburg owos several of its most magnificent edifices to the Empress Elizabeth, daughter of Peter the Groat and Catherine and First. She prevailed upon Count Rastrelli, tho first architect of tho eighteenth century, to conic List. Petersburg, and under his instruction tho Winter Palace, the Escurial of the North, wns built. While the Winter Palace was in process of construction Elizabeth occupied a small pnlnco— Boischoi-Morskoi— situated in the broad avenue borpering 011 the sea. The building exists 110 longer. It once stood 011 the identical spat— a faut which is not known even to all Pctersburgians— where the Frenchman Jncot lias now built his immense liouso. When the Winter Palace wns finished the Empress appointed a day for taking posses sion of it ; and the elite lof the Guards, a corps which was composed entirely of noble men, mounted guard in the new castle. A long, dark corridor lends to the middle door of tho White or Throne- room. In the A/Mmi/lnH fwn vfttintr nnblnmnn wpw tinshwl. It was . approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the Empress was momentarily expected. Suddenly the attention of the young men was attracted by a bright streak of light, which seemed to glide botweon them in the (lark dassagc. Their eyes followed tho light, and they saw that it streamed through the keyhole of tho Throne- room.. Who could have any business at such an unusual hour in n room which was designed only for the reception of foreign ambassadors? One of the young men considered it his duty to investigate the matter, and approached tho door for that purpose, but as soon as he had glanced through the keyhole ho called to his com rade iu a whisper to come nearer. " Tho Empress has already arrived,' whispered ho ; 44 she is seated on the throne, directly opposite the door.' The other also looked through t he aper ture and soon verified this to be a fact. The Empress was seated iu tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arm 8 of Russia, the double eagle. Tho room wns brilliantly lighted, but it was impossible to ascertain if any other per sons were present, us the thickness of the door-lock allowed 110 side-view of the apart ment. The young men returned ami waited. Not lone after 011c of the limber olliccrs appeared and said : 41 You cau all now retire ; the Empress will not come to-night." 44 But the Empress is already here." " What 1 Who? "ITer Majesty is in the Throne-room." 44 Impossible ! " 44 You can see for yourself." The officer looked, immediately recognized the Empress, and said, wonderingly : 44 1 cannot understand what the Marshal means. He has just arrived and ordered that all the guards he withdrawn; the Em press lias changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Nevertheless, I see she is here. Could she have come secretly? At all events I will ascertain what new orders the Marshall has issued. Meanwhile do you re main here, as the Empress may pass this way." The Marshal, Prince Kuratiu, was fortu nately still in the Palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report, hastened to the corridor, and peeped in his turn through the kephole. 44 My God! It is the Empress! Jler Majesty herself! What can it mean?" ex claimed he. IIow can this he possible, when I have just left her presence?'' She was dressed iu her usual every-day attire, and now I see her arrayed in all her royal robes and jewels. There must be some mystery behind this. Let all the entrances to the Throne- room be guarded. Let no one he allowed to go in or out. I willjiasten to report." The distance between the two houses being short,- the Marshall soon reached the sinall «\«i».u> isisiinrti-fi 1 v ru>r>iinin/| l,i» tins " Whore is tho Empress ? " "In her sleeping apartment." Tho Prince looked at the Lady of I loner with suspicion mid said sharply : " Arc you sure tho Empress is hero 1" "Of course; she is preparing to netire." " Inform her instantly that f mil here." Tu a few minutes Prince bCumtin, much excited, was conducted iu the Empress' chamber. The Empress stood before him ill night negligee. " Well," said the Empress, " you look as if you lind seen a ghost. What in heaven's liumo is the mutter with you? Ts there any news from the army ?" Kuratiu hurriedly stated wluit he had seen. _ . It is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. " We will tako a nearer look at these comedians. I 'will go in your sleigh, Kuratiu; you can mount behind. Hurry!" Arrived ut the Winter Palace, the castellan was, ordered to bring the key of the Trbnc-room ; six grenadicre were cominundod to load their guns, nnd, led by tliu Empress, the little troop betook themselves to the corridor.: , The light shone as before through the key- liolo.: The door was cautiously opened and a Hood of light filled the corridor. The Empress stopped within tho room, followed hv her b!x irunrds, who placed themselves around' her. The . room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On tho throne wns seated a sluii'pe the counterpart of Elizabeth, arrayed iu purple and ermine, .covered with diamonds und covered with the royal diadem. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly on her double, then moved forward a few steps. Simultaneously the apparition stood up, stepped , down from the tlirono and them remained stnuding as immovably still as the Empress.. It w»£ a thrilling moment i Fire !' cried the Empress. The guard's raised their guns, and all six nimed directly at the ghostly visitant. Tho triggers snapped. At the same instant the figure clapped ite hands together, and tho room was suddenly plunged into iiitonso darkness. Then followed a great commotion and confusion, wliilo tho Empress called ; ' Bring lights !' Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched ; hut absolutely nothing could bo found to elucidate tho mystery. Evory door was locked and guarded. The guards lind seen no ono leave the palace. The Empress ordered )) more thorough search to be made, but in vain were nil efforts made the perpetrator of the trick, if trick it were. The occurrence had umde a deeper impression on Elizabeth than she would admit. Eight weeks afterward she died. The Emperor Nicholas once heard this strange occurrence related, with the supple- meat that it was inscribed in tho " Fourir Uuoks." Since the reign of Peter I. there exists the regulation that these very serviceable hooks should contain an accurate account of all events that tako place at court. Everything that the Emperors did, ordered, nil expeditions, audiences, even, if possible, every oral command and every utterance of any importance, was written in these hooks, which custom having existed during 175 years these hooks form a well-prepared 'library and a precious mine foe history. The Emperor Nicholas ordered that this remarkable story should ho searched for in these hooks, but nothing relating to it was found inscribed therein. 