Gospel Temperance Meeting. I A oosrEL TEMPERANCE MEETING waa hold in the Oddfellows' Hall, on Thursday evening when there was an attendance of about 150 people. Mr. T. Pago, J.P., occupied the chair. Tho proceedings were opened by tbe choir singing several verses of the hymn " Gospel Bells." Mr. T. PAGE, in addressing the meeting, said ho had been asked by the promoters to take tho chair, and it afforded him very great pleasure to do BO. Tho promoters were the officers of tho Emulation Lodge of Grafton, who had taken advantage of the presence nf a number of gentlemen on a visit here to address the meeting. He hoped tho words spoken there that night would be productive of some good in the causo they had in band. Ho would not detain them longer, but introduce to them the Rev. F. C. Boyer, of Lismore. (Applause). Rev. F. C. BOYER said ho considered himself the victim of a practical joke. When he entered the hall that night he was informed that he was to be thc second «peaker ; now ho found himsolf called upon first of all. It had been said that there were a number of new speakers present to nddress the meeting, and therefore that would exonerate him from occupying their time at any consider- able length. Ho would take it to be more to their advantage to listen to new speakers that night, and theroby have novelty, as well ns foroo, infused into tho meeting. He stood thoro in an awkward pre- dicament, being in a "strait'twixt two," and which to do he hardly knew. He would, howovcr, go in for a compromise. Speaking BB he oould eeo to a people of whom nine-tenths' were already total abstainers, he would say, " Stand fast on thc platform token."- Abstainers'are mostly abstainers to-day, and brandy and water to- morrow. Mow,' no man admires vacillation. He would therefore say, " Friends, make up your minds, and stand like a rook."- It was not- much usa our trying to -put a stop to this when our Government was putting the stuff nearly, into the throats of tho people. Whilst this sort of thing goes on, how can intemperance 'cease 1 We have a Btrong forco nil over. thoi country, and we must use lt for the purposs of legislation. It would be a grand thing for us if wo oould but get the full Local Option Act, and he for one would be very thankful. If we cannot, let us get part j' let us do something ; we aro prootiaally standing still., He thought they should securo a Temporáneo party in tho House. It was a bad thing to haye parties, but wo should have ono to put forward this matter in the foreground of legislation. He had beeu muoh struck in going among the homes of .the people to see so little intemperance. : Ho could safely say nine-tenths of the people of his church wero total abstainers, and three out of four of the Ministers, wera total abstainers. These things wer« signa that the cauBo was moving on; ' What was wanted was a reform in' tho Liquor laws, and they were the right men to do it, (Applause), j Hov. E. YOUNGMAN said ho was on' the Tempér- anos side because he thought it to be, the rightsize, and he believed it was the. side that was going to win;,in foot, was winning nt tho .present timo. Temperance people here want plentyïof faith......He. had not been in Grafton long, but he believed it to be one of the nicest-towns in New South Wales, if not the best,, but »till .he saw signs of intoxication. They must not oxpeot to carry tho onemy's fortress, at a blow, but must,.,haves faith like our plucky soldiers at Sebastopol j and though we may have to lie in tho trenches like thom, still liko them we shall win. ; There is a strong.sontiinent growing in the minds bf .tho people of the world, that, strong drink is a'curao to .civilisation; and is strÖne;mon and noble'women1 wo must gird np our loins that wo., may pull ! this thing* down, andi thus pave .'the: way for that ¡kingdom which is joy and faith in tho Holy Ghost., We will have'to set bur fooo against' strongdrinkin'ovory shape and form,andllveso'that' our wholb life may be a protoBt against it.-" He be- lieved tho Lodge doors should bo thrown open ocoa: sionally, and let the : people see, and hear what is. going on; ' Ho would liko to see hero and in every. largo town a Coffee Palaoe, as something was geeded to chook tho'Btroam daily geing into our pin palaces and ale houses;/ Lot our hearts bo full of.Hope, and ,out of it will, come Charity,¡thon^vo. may grip these unfortunates by tho hand; and say wo aro brothers.ond sisters'. _ Let.our.oh'arity.Bhow. itself in this way, then we may see some moro additions to'¡our :oauBO.'1Let;uB.'pegïaway,rtlll' wo| get this thing under our-feet, and when we get'it' there stamp it oufc.^ vp .r M ¡, ¿ I Hov. F." DIXON said ho,came .on tho platform that evening to show IIÎB'colours and to sympathise with the meeting, as he believed ¡in practical sym- pathy. Praotical sympathy was what, was wanted in tho Temperance causé Í it'was all very well for the people to say they sympathised with, tho,move- ment, but'they should show'their sympathy in ;a praotical form. Example goes further than pre- cept in-this cause, and in regard to this matter it' was ono principally of example, particularly in tho homos of tho people. Most of tho wrecks along our coast are caused, by vessels hugging, tho shore, and iais thing' temperance1 people should avoid. The principle for thom to follow should bo tokeepindoop water i'allth'e brain-power aporson possesses ho needs for life's work, therefore it should not be muddled with drink.- This drink question was a matter that affected us all. Many go along indifferently in tho temperance cause until it touohes some near or dear jone, but ho* would say to those present that those ¡who are Blain aro somebody OIBO'S darlings.- Let us therefore be up and doing to " Resoue the perishing, care for the dying." (Applause).' ;, - .. . ,< .. ( Kev. A. HARDING said that although but slightly acquainted with the Emulation Lodge, still, as they had that motto " Raise the fallen,' and he was a lover of mankind, any effort put forward for their resoue ho was in it heart and soul. He was deeply impressed with the enemy nature had to contend against in the form of intemperance. Ite evils ;were not hidden from view, for examples oro every day seen in the home, in the political circle, und in every-day life. Our prisons and asylums nouldnot be so full were it not for this inveterate tyrant, drink. : Heneo, when he saw that Society was tak- ing a stand against intemperance, tho movement had his sympathy heart and soul, and he would tell tbonuthat'.consistency was ono of ' the strongest foroes they could uso to stamp this thing out. They would never know tho oxtont of their work until the'great and final day, when they would Bee all those whoso footsteps had been, directed »right standing around the Throne. I Rov. R. F. BECHER said it afforded him great pleasure,' not only to : bc there engaged in that cause, but to stand on tho platform with co many ministers of the Gospel also working in the good causo. ' Ho did not think, it neceseary for him to. take the common argument and convince them of the, evils of strong drink, as the presence of so many thoro that night showed they sympathised with the movement. The whole object of tho Temperance cause was, he believed, to make men sober. The facts put forward by those engaged ia that work were believed by many to bo misstate- ments, beaause they had not fallen in their way, but many of those facts were too true, os he could testify. As long as a man keeps the pledge and keeps Bobor he has a better chanoe in life ; but it does not follow that because a man is a total abstainer, that he is a good man and a Christian, still be has n better chance to have tho gospel of Christ preached to him. It was a bad thing to uso the temperance cause for political log-rolling, and that did an incalculable harm. We Btrive to make men sober, and make them honest ; and although we may have ulterior motives, let us ran the tem- perance flag for thc temperance causo. He knew numbers of men in the higher ranks of life who would be horrorstrnok if they were classed aa drunkards, bat we all knew our political wheels would run much easier if the refreshment bar in the Legislative Assembly was not so weU patronised. Many people aro exceedingly scrupulous about tak- ing the pledge ; they ask has Mr. So and So done so ; but this sort of thing is childish. Do not forget ono little thing sometimes forgotten : that is, to work for this cause-save some souls, and in some way or other find amusement* for our young men wbioh will not ouly save them from drink, bat alto educate them for better things. Mr, BUTLER said his sympathies were thoroughly with the good cause, and os a member of the order he had always done all in his power to help forward this cause for the good of humanity. By our mot- toes we show that we do not work for one olaes of society alone, but; believing " the world is our parish," we strive to convert tho whole world. As one rev. gentleman had stated, there may be somo hypocrites ; but then there are hundreds and thou- sands of those who strivo to " rescue tho perishing," and who " care for tho dying." Ho was ready to admit thoro wera defects in their code as there were defects in institutions, but they must take courage and go on. Their work was not yet done ; they must unite shoulder to shoulder, for unity is strength, and make their power felt, or their influence woald soon wane. The speaker concluded a very telling speech with an appeal to those who had not already done so, to give their practical sympathy to the good causo and holp to rcscuo the perishing for tho sake of Him who died to save OB. On the motion of Mr. E. FRANCIS, seconded by Mr. H. CRIB FORD, a hearty vote of thanks ' was accorded the chairman and the gentlemen who had addressed the meeting. A choir sang a number of Gospel Temperance hymns daring the evening;. ' The meeting olaeed with the benediction. ' - 