TURF ITEMS. THE HAWKESBtrBT Bach CiitTB. — On December 8 the H&wkesbmry; E»oe Club intend to hold a day's racing on their oourse at Clarendon: The protrramae issued comprises six events, via.. Hurdle Baoe of 100 sovs ; Becember Handicap, 100 sovs, fi furlongs ; Dis posal Plate, 100 son, 5£ furlongs; Hawkesbnxy Sum mer Handicap, 200 sovs, 1 mile 3 furlongs ; Sailing Plate, 100 sovs, 6 furlongs ; and Welter Handicap, 100 asva, onoe round, whioh is a trifle over a mile and a quarter. There is thus .£700 cut up amongst the six events, and as enly 1 eov is required to be seat with the entry for each event, nominations should come in vary freely to-morrow. Entries, which oloae to-morrow can be mads either with the club's secretary, Mr. Guest, at Biohmond, or *t the AJT.O. offices. Sydney. The rainB that we are now having should put the Clarendon course in splendid going order. Cactfibbttky Handicaps.— The weights for the different handicaps to lie ran through at Canterbury Park on Saturday next are due to-morrow, Eosehili,. — It will be a good thing for racing at Eosehill when the railway line is completed. The trip up the river in the steamers is always enjoyable, bat there is a lot of uncertainty about it. On Saturday steamers were announced for 10 and 11 o'clock, A host of people knowing that the lastnamed time would bs quite early enough, made their way to the wharf to find that the time had been changed to 11.30. ThiTilritiff that this would be too late for them they mads their way to the railway station and went up in the train. The alteration thus caused the managers of the river steamers to lose no end of passengers. Balmobaii.— After winning th« Soiling Hurdle Race at Rofsehiil on Saturday, Balmoral was bought in for .£60, of which £33 went to the elub. Kabbabbi Jocket Club. — Mr. C. Eather, who has filled the dual office of handicapjjer and starter to the Narrabri Jockey Club, has resigned, much to the regret of the committee. Mr. A. Hill has been appointed starter in his stead ; Mr. E. O'Brien has been appointed clerk of the course; Mr. H. R. Tnur low, clerk of the scales; and Mr. J. Moseley, judge. Major. — Subsequent to his victory in the Selling Race at the Victorian Club meeting atCaulfield on Saturday, Major found a new owner in Mr. Webb, who bid up to .£100 for the hone. Tubf BEcrPBociTT. — Tie threatened difficulty between the Northern Racing Association and the Towneville Turf Club has been settled by the owner having withdrawn Gladiator, who had. been disquali fied by the Queensland Turf Club, from all engage ments at the TowuBville Turf Clab meeting. The Northern Racing Aesooiation has further decided to endorse all disqualifications for corrupt practices in South Queensland, New South Wales, and Victoria. DHNiiiQTTiN Spgbt. — A capital afternoon's sport was witnessed at Deniliquin on November 5. Mr. W L. Tredrea won the Fiying Stakes with Oliver Crom well, a hurdle race with old Eros, and another hurdle race with Souter Johnny. The Birthday Stakes fell to Mr. Qnilliam'B Flirt, who was defeated in two matches subsequently by Mabel and Oliver Crom well. The Hurry Skurry was won by Tarn O'Shan ter. Disqualifications. — For disobedience at the post on the first day' of Rosehill races, the riders Longford and Boyle have been suspended for one month. On Saturday Skehan, the rides of Peter in the Juvenile Stakes, was suspended to the end of the year, and Steeper, who was up on Lady-in- Waiting, for one month. W. MuooRmGE. — From a private source we learn that the well- known amateur cross-country rider, W. Muggridge, has left the ranks of the gentlemen amateurs, and gone over to the professionals. Tbottotg Match. — A match took place at Goul burn on Friday between Mr- J. Kelly's Thakambau aad Mr. A. H. Line's Gipsy. The distance was two miles, aad the stakes £5 a side. Thakambau, who was driven by SEr. E. Lawlflr, won easily. GouiiEtrBN Teottxng Club. — The Gouibum Trotting Club has received through Mr. J. J. Bruton a cheque for 50 guineas (Baid a local paper). This sum has been presented by a gentlemen who does not wish his name to be made public and is for the pur chase of a cop to be called the Centennial Cap, to be oompeted fox during the month of January under the auspices of the newly-formed club. The secretary (Mr, W. A. Trevarthen) has also been promised two other cheques of five gnmeaB eaca ; and it is expected that the prize will bo worth .£100. Ltedebtapei,. — While running iathe Flying Han dicap at Caulfield on Saturday, Liedertaf el fell at the torn into the straight, and fractured her shoulder, necessitating her destruction. Liedertafel was by The Drummer oat of Melody, and was bred in this colony by Mr. F. Reynolds. Fined fob Ilii- Tbeatino ?*? Hobse. — For cruelly whipping Mies Epigram in the Maiden Plate, at the Queensland Turf dob Races, on Saturday, W. Smith was fined five emineas. Victoria Racing Club. — The profit on the late meeting of the V.R.C. was .£15,000. litPOBTANT to Ownebs. — Mr. C. S. -3c«st, the secretary of the Hawkesbury Race Club, telegraphs that a special train for racehorses will leave Redfern on the morning of the Hawkesbnry races oa Decem ber 3, returning to Sydney the same day, several hours earlier than usuaL This will be a. great con venience to trainers, who are reminded that entries close to-morrow (Tuesday). The Steeplechase at Rosehill.— The hoisting of Moonlight's number as the winner of the Steeple chase, at Rosehill, en Saturday, caused something like a rumpus in the St. Leger Reserve among the backers of Julia A irne. The race was a series of accidents. By the time the last fence was reached the way had been pretty well paved for Mr. Bennett's representative : for, what with falls, baulks, and other mishaps, Julia Anne and her stable companionBlsckall were the only competitors that got round without blundering. Moonlight nn round the last obstacle ; but Cronia, oblivions of the penalty attaching there to, very foolishly persevered with his horse, an- Moonlight aotually passed the winning-post in front of Julia Anas. The matter was immediately investi gated, andCronin was very properly fined £20 for his senseless conduct. Bat the trouble did net and there. Daring the day there were general complaints at the seemingly unnecessary dolay in hoisting the winning Bombers, the public having1 to wait a long time after each race for the official verdict. But in this particular instance it would have been more satis factory to the patrons of the St. Leger Reserve if the winning numbers hed not been advertised until after the investigation, if investigation were neees sary. Cronin's mistake was very palpable, and when the jockey protested that Moonlight had won, the pabUo looked upon the affair as an admirable ' try oa,' or in the tight of a joke ; and the committee would have been better advised if it had taken a similar view. The hoisting of Moonlight's number was so joke to those who had backed Julia Anna with the smaller bookmakers in the St. Leger reserve, for, although they had backed the winner, they could not get a cent, and ,gr«at aomplaints were heard. It is the custom with the bookmakers in that portion of the ground to pay ' first past the post,' and these words are, as a rule, plainly printed on the betting tickets, so that their customers may know exactly tmder what conditions they make a wager. Moonlight had not the ghost of a chance cf getting the stakes. By the terms referred to, however, Moonlight's backers were paid what, under the strict rules of betting, they were not entitled to receive ; while the backers of JuUa Anne, the actual winner, were deprived of the pecunious benefits which are generally supposed to accrue to the backers of a wunussr horse. Bat ' the last shall be first and the first last,' and the backers of Julia Aane muet 'grin and bear it.' It was very annoy ing, nevertheless, especially as a little forethought on behalf or the omciais coma nave prevented me unpleasantness. Scratching. — This morning Willeroo and Oak wood were' scratched for all their Murrombidgee Turf Club engagements. A Sale. — Mr, Kent informsus that he has disposed : of the two-year-old brother to Touchstone to Mr. H. Hunter, of Sandgate, at a satisfactory figure. 