AUSTRALIAN COUNCIL OF T.M.C. ASSOCIATIONS. A public meeting in connection with the n.wmia.1 meeting of the abova Council wa3 held in the Y.M.C.A. Parlour oa Wednesday afternoon. The Eev. W. P. Wells, of xSailarat, presided over a gooa atseauaaca 01 delegates and friends, Mr. J. MacFaelase, of Hobarfc, read an interesting paper on 'General Mission Work; its Practicability and Use.' He said that general mission work in cluded evangelistic meetings for those who did noji attend any place of worship^ open-air meetings, tract distribu tion, prison visitation, gospel temperance, and boys' meetings. Many young men were thus reached who would not be by any other means. The most flourishing Y.M.C. Associa tions carried on mission work successfully. It had been said that evangelistic wotk belonged to the Churches, but as a matter of fact very few Churches took it up, owing to the absence, of workers and the means, and the work would apparently be undone were it not for the Y.M.C. Associations. Tha work deserved the support of the public. Meetings should be held in a room which had an entrance to a crowded thoroughfare. Many successful meeting were held in theatres, but that involved expense. Addresses should be short and_ bright, and the meetings should be characterized by plenty of singing. Speakers should not waste time in prelimi naries. .First, attention should be riveted, then the story of the Cross should be told, and finally a pressing invitation to accept Him should be given. At the close opportu nity should be given to anxious one3 to remain for_ personal dealing and help. Gospel meetings for men only were carried out successfully by some Associations. Tha ?work of looking after converts had not yet been fully met, doubtless owing to want of workers who had the time to devote to the service. Some of the Associations filled in on a card the name of the convert and the Church to which he belonged. To this might be added a register, to be kept by a Secretary appointed to the work, who could send par ticulars to the ministers. Ths enquirer should be led to trust in God's Word alone, not in what the worker said. A difficult case should be handed over to a more expe rienced worker. The best help of all was to study how Jesus dealt with those who came to Him. Work amongst boys, many of whom had no homes and no religious training, was too much neglected. Eat meetings might be carried on as nearly as possible to the model of a well-conducted Sunday-school, but fail ing sufficient workers a short service with bright singing and short illustrative ad dresses, with a text written on a blackboard. Management with patience and sympathy was necessary. Y.M.C. Associations should take up the work. The Eev. R. M. Husteb thought it wa3 within the scope of their Associations to do mission work. Every Christian ought to be a missionary. The simple fact of knowledge involved the obligation to tell others who did not possess knowledge of Christ. Then fol lowers of Christ should do as he would have done— work among the fallen, and foolish, and needy. There were difficulties, bat they were not insurmountable. Bands of young men might go out to work in the streets after the' ordinary Church service. Success de pended upon the workers. All were not capable of doing it, bat some were, and the others should be specially trained. Knowledge of the Scriptures, knowledge of the human mind, wisdom, experience, gifts of utterance, song, and sympathy, and the gracious power and unction of the Holy Ghost were necessary to make the work successful. The work should not be attempted unless there were perfect harmony between the workers, the pastors, and the Churches. Otherwise harm would result. The work should be strictly undenomina tional, especially when carried on by Y.M.C. Associations. It would never do to alienate the sympathy of the Churches. Chiefly the work should be done amongst young men. They needed it most Their power would be 'chiefly amongst them. They wanted to roll away the idea that to belong to a Y.M.C Association was to be a sort of namby-pamby fellow. He was greatly taken with Dr. Gratton Guinness's method of in ducing decision. He asked those who had decided to go to the enquiry-room when all other heads were bowed. He had found that an excellent plan. The one essential twas the Holy Spirit. Otherwise they would be un successful, Mr. W. A. Soutmwku; (General Secretary, Melbourne) did not agree with many of the methods adopted for obtaining decisions. They had no right to press a soul into a corner and ask for an answer 'yea' or ' nay.' Many persons he knew were pro nounced by overanxious workers to be saved before they really were. They should be directed to the Word of God. He believed in a plan he had seen in Sydney. After a solemn meeting men were asked to stand up and confess Christ. Three did ao. He had Been hands held up in Melbourne for mere fun and names in the enquiry-book were not worth the paper they were written on. Mr. W. H. Jones, of Ballarat, thought all mission workers should have experience. In Ballarat the result of one special mission had been that thirty-eight members were added to one Church, two pronounced Atheists being amongst the number. Mr. J. Wiltox, of Melbourne, then spoke on 'Mission Work amongat Young Men Only ; its Advantages.' It had been debated whether Young Men's Christian Associations should confine themselves to work amongst young men only or do general mission work. There was room for both. It depended considerably on circam3tance3, as in some places Young Women's Christian Associations worked amongat the women. The Y.M.C. Associations had been originally founded for work amongst young men. There were thousands of boys and young men in Australian cities without any religious teach ing in company with those experienced in evil. Small companies of young men might be formed, and a great deal done amongst the class he had mentioned by private endeavour. Ypang men must be reached by young men. He did not think mixed meetings were desirable. Meet ings called for mission purposes were fre quently turned into meeting- place3 by young men and women in which to pass the time in light conversation. Miss Booth had espe cially aaked that mixed meetings might not be held, for the protection of the females. Mr. W. A. Southwell said meetings for anen only had been tried in Melbourne, bat had not been found very successful. It required a higher order of work, and more diligent preparation. Mr. J). Walker said they did not have mixed meetings in Sydney. They had au enquiry meeting on Mondav afternoons which was regularly attended by thirty or forty young men. ? The Eev. D. M. Beery, M.A., thought only specially gifted young men should be allowed to work. Many were unfit ior the service. After a short discussion the meeting terminated. - RELIGIOUS NEWS. The 'Deacons' Week.'— The united choira of the Primitive Bible Christian and Baptist Churches gavethe service of song ' Deacons' Week' at the Biptiat Church, Gawler, on Tuesday evening, July 12, when there wa3 a good attendance. The choira were streng thened by several instrumentalists, the whole of which were under the baton of Mr. J. H. Pomery. The connective readings were given by Mr. C. Cros3. The Berries proved very interesting, and a word of praise i3 due to Mr. Pomery for training the choirs. A vote of thanks was tendered to the trustees and pastor of the Baptist Church on behalf of the Primitive for the kind U3e of the Church. ? 'Vandalism at Jamestown;.— Oar corre spondent, writing on July 13, Bay3 :— ' The local recreation-ground, which was planted some three years ago according to a plan pre pared by the Conservator o£ Forests, is in danger. Since it was planted the ground had been closed to cattle, but last June the Corporation by les elation ordered the reserve to be opened for thedepaaturage of horses only. This course was strongly opposed by Coun cillor Kruger, who at a special meeting of ths Corporation on July S proposed tha reacissior of the resolution. A letter was read froir Flenjing, Boucaut, & Ashton, on behalf o! some ratepayers, stating that that they were instructed to take 'action to endeavour tt prevent the recreation paddock frpn being destroyed, and they gava notics that if horses were depictured fnereii they would apply to the Supreme Court fo: an injunction. The ilayar, however, rerusec to put Councillor Kruger's motion, and as : result horses are now feeding in tae plantation and destroying the trees. There is naturall; a strong feeling of indignation at such wintoi 