PASTOR SOLTAU’S ADDRESSES. The Rev. George Soltan resumed his dis course of Monday night on “The revival of the work of God,” in the Baptist Church, Dawson street, last evening, and commenced his remarks by narrating an experience in Melbourne a fortnight since, where two con verts sought their minister on the following Sunday to tell him the blessing they had re ceived. One remarked—“l cannot keep Jesus out of my head for a single minute.” And on this expression he based remarks fol lowing. He said there were many forms of revival, and thenputthequestion—“Whowas Jesus.” The answer—God manifest in the flesh, the image of the invisible God. Why was an image of God requisite? Because the image ol God was lost in the form of man, God determining he would have His image in this lower world, and sent His beloved Son to represent Him. Reference was here made to idolatrous worship, and David’s quotation was used —“They have eyes and see not,” &c.; All was darkness and misrepresentation. The true image portrayed all the vitality in the life and ac tions of Jesus Christ, portraying the image of the invisible God on earth. All that Jesus thought and did were God’s words and will. Jesus said in elfect, “ Don’t copy me—copy God.” The wonderful life of the Saviour’s early years was then referred to, during all of which time the preacher remarked he was the image of the invisible God. Neither Joseph nor Mary knew it. The first revival we should look for must be in doors. Our Saviour’s first miracle was in a private house. The unwritten story of the life of Jesus was legitimate ground for our imagina tion, and an immense field for our comfort. The symbol, or type of His work, outside that carpenter’s shop was his wondrous blessings, through every channel of human suffering. The speaker urged his hearers to think out and think over this wondrous image of the invisible God. The last that was seen of that image was when wrapped in the tomb, since which time it had never been seen by any un saved man. From that one burial millions from all parts of the world had been brought into life. The highest honor to be conferred was to be Hike Christ. Reference was here made to Romans, viii., 29. Christians must tell what they know, not what they read, until ,e.very home was blessed, and every Church aßethesda. There would be no questioning then of how to reach the masses. 11\. iii., IS, was then quoted, and commented .thereon. The Holy Ghost loved Christ, and :Uu/.l lived with Him for all .eternity. The Holy Spirit had so loved as do come and live with us. The world could cot see him, and, blessed thought, could not eiuwify Him. Comparison was here made of the reception of tire Spirit to that of man inviting a frieud. to his house, shutting him njj in a cupboard, and holding no com munion with him. What a mockery of friend ship. The same treatment was accorded, in many instances, by professing .Christians. And this was quenching the spirit. There was no blessing of His in-dwelliug. The speaker urged his hearers to pray for the poor heart to be swept clean, until every room there became a picture of Jesus Christ, That was being filled—just surrendering for the purpose of making us in life and character in this world like Jesus, who was the image of the iuvisible God. 