WESUBm AN\IVEltSARY SE&TCCKS-; Tbe anniversary services in connection with Wesley Church, Hamilton, were continued and brought to a. pleasant conclusion on last Toes- day evening, when <l sea and public meeting were held in the Temperance 11!. There was a good attendance at the tea, which was very nicely served, the ladies of the congregation doing the honours The public meeting which followed was fairly well attended. Au excel lent musical programme had been provided, and the proceedings were not only instructive but pieasant and sociable. The fier. J . C. Uacdongall read apologia from Arcbdeaoon Cooper and the iter. Mr. MacaiiUan, both of whom were unavoidably abse&r.; Mr. P. Learmoath, who took the chair, said that many he saw that sight were old friends, some of whom did not bis church, and he was glad of their prase ae. The speakers who were to attend were o many and eo power fnl that be had thought it wise to give nothing in the way of a speech. But he might make a few remarks respecting the finances. The finan cial position of a church was not without im portance. You find a church that is working lovingly for the Master, and you will find that the foods of that church wQl ba satisfactory. He would give a few of the leading features of the accounts. It was a certain .indication that God blessed them, for their financial position was very much better than it waa last year. The speaker quoted figures to show the substantial advance that had been made dozing the yuar. These indicated that there was a zoduodon in the debt since 1886 of £104 Ids fid. Toy aooa they would be entirely free from debt, and they had a bright future before tiwm. There were some he hoped to see there that night who could not attend. The Her. H. Howard was one of these ; but be was so much engaged that he begged to be fTsnspfl Mr. MarmilUn promised to come, as also the Archdeacon, but nritber of these could put in an appearance, which he much regretted. He was sure the members of their own church, and those of other churches present, would be glad to know of their earis- factory financial position. The Bsv. J. H. Cain said he was ex tremely pleased to be with them, and wished them God speed iu all their work. He thought what a glorious thing it was that the various ministers of ttae several churches cnld meet together on a com mon plaxfo.tn and discuss the affairs of the Church of God at lazge.and he thought that the old days of hatred, envy and bigotry were fact pairing away. The various deoominarions in the darkness of eupenriturion and ignorance had 'been fighting with one another, butfcogotriee were passing away and they oould meet on a common platform asd with «ach other ' God speed." The church of the preseotday was not, in his opinion, paying enough attention to -rim young, upon whom they had to depend for the future of GkxTs Cfau'ch. He thought all deno minations should follow in the footsteps of the Werieyan Mefcbodista an holding -set sices for young ansa and young women. In ccmnectioo with church work, they bad the veterans whose cry is ' We have been farava," and the church workers who say " We are brave," bat we . wanted to pay atte&Uou; to the young and urge yhftm to say We will he brave." If we this point we meed not fear for the interests of the Church of God in the future. They should also pay more attention to aggres- rive work. They thanked God for what had been done, but more might have been accom plished in the psvt, and he hoped rimy would never lose eight of -the grand did doetzine of -1 preaching Ghost crucified. He was pleased t » hear the report fnrm»hfl by she treasurer of ' the church. If the finances were good the spiritm! life should be also good. They had a debt of £tZL He did sot know that it waa altogether a disadvantage to have deb to, as it kept the members energetic, hut he still hoped that they would sous he ride towip? xtoot. 1 He asked what had the world beau without riia Gospel of Otout, read tnstanmd Vriasa as a country without the Gospel. 'Hut if they looked at a nation which poewed the Gospel Cbeyfisnndit pragrewave earau And what would the erodd be in the fotara, wftb the Ghnneb of Christ? They were tutfat-to pray that the kingdora of Godshoold Dome, sad he -imped that all wonld work to -further ib» in terests nf Christianity. He hoped riiat she in coming year would be -the best the cbttrsfa over had, and that thousands of euelxmishtbe wonto Christ. The Chairman raid thatns eoones thfyrerer cox of debt they would goi&to; fresh oossrpriras; thvyjeagsd togetcutef debtmn this wooonnt. \- Sherewes muofi mare o occupy their energies. TheBev. J. Bmiriis ipwirai Itasyilraynre at meeting them again. Although they were tiw- sppomced in not faring some of rite speakers he : kboagbtkbeywonidxnaeage tegetthroeKhtbe v- meeting. Tlnughter;) Que reverend gentleman arid be wmMjmj mword abont thong in which ere fired an age it wsseffisdnfwmiiliisiiliiiii t object i\i nsleniilciw. > there wtesgoodna well had awMtma. "Wlttare- 3getid4o£ha Gknzch, jtwaatiho-nre ofwenon. Clifton, everything in ipswwiiHi with the Christian Ohimah was gmfig -khrouib Te- t— , Herejrieeathsihehhd lived to iXvmwwamS9hiMmemSa. iflObria- tians shopldobe thsbkfnl jhri As gate bad, IOT theraytiwmgto' wereettteby the ennKsis rifMd. regnAteo dhmnunl1 lawAbe reiasqrv irad altered kwowmds, rfvriricferim Bimk m g«w iusriniiiiiH. ens !«> titiltiiML 'Tbtrinrisiweaafaogoiiii mm Madag rad J/ut » zs\i. »- any tee Ji uiiuiliatliiii."1<sl to ths srhsie MM- ! but after toe cptsile Psol ball rerirod toe toaroh a totter state of toingm mi broogbt about, "VThen toere is a tine rarision in toe ; C&iristian; cbnrob tosy wooldfeel toeahadan of to. worid to coma and fa. hoped they would i TtondofagUl -MtoU; in addi tion to toe apologia, rooeived, fae ought to add thtt a pettootl explanation of toe aoaroidtble abaniea of tin Ber. Hernia. HDonGd and Ben- denm&todbsBQgroentofaim.; BeEening to toe pmtaral work of toe oboreb, the .potiter ssad that ha eoold report pnwreas in this connection. There bad been addition, to to. obnrch mem bership and addition, to toe congregation. For a time, of course, toe holiday d-snpations bad distorted toe -wort of all toe clmrchet. There su room for iraprorement in the proeent condition of thing. ,.ad it eras by em-nest por- aonal effort only that this could be brought abont and they might be aide to accomplish soma good. The apeeker acknowledged toe kindnesa of the Bar. Mr. Cain, who hed con tented to apeak at chart notice, end said it -was eery eatisfactory-that to -re -waa a ground npon which toey eonld all moot with toe greatest o irdiilitj-. There were principles to which th-y were all strongly attached, bnt be was glad to know -that there waa a ceatrel ground npon which toey conld all walk in cordiality. They mast not, of course, pern toe line. Btcb chnrch would, no donfat, fed justified in standing np for its own peculiar methods, bnt when they joined issue it would be in no hostile spirit. The speaker next proceeded to refer to the attitude taken np by a portion of the tecalar press with regard to the cfanrcbes. There was a section of toe prea that teamed to fall into a melancholy mood in ullndrng to what it calied toe " miserable sectarian differences" between the churches. Some of toe nesrspapere declared that Christianity -was dead, b nt as yet do one conld be found willing to bury it. The pzvra ii au intelligent estate to which the world is much iudtb'ed, yet when it attempts to deal with church work it gets into a great fog. Is one of few admirable nfim, a -celebrated American humoriit said that he had devoted half an hoar to the conrideratiim of the management of ohildteQ and in conse quence he waa prepared to teach pareaw is general their duly to their families. So it waa with the preaa in eonneetinn with the church. Ijet the prerariunk a little more, think a little longer, and have more to do with church work before it undertook to fcetme the chnrohes. The i reverend spreker alluded evpeorilyto the Ae, and eijnraaed corprire that Christian people eupported a journal which lost &o; opportunity of am long our Lord -Jetua Christ in the face. Oar " miserable sectarian difference"" the A.gc calied. iheza ; bnt were there any differences worth mentioning ? They agreed to differ. Bet the churches take up the same position as their critic, end ray that every newspaper shall be of a certain uniform rise end be printed in a-oer- trin tmffons way, and contain a uniform aznoost of bathos. ¥fbat -would the newspaper con ductors ray ? They would raj : "Mr. Parson, brick to you<\- preaching, foryoa doc'tknow how to run a newspaper." And they were entitled to cay to tine conductors of the stealer press, "Mind yonr newspapera. Ton don't un derstand the churches. They had a right to differ. He might eay that Ged had made a better ism than Methodism, but the speaker did not think that he had, and in like manner a Presbyterian tiad a- perfect right to enjoy his iim. Every one to his tavte. lv wa« in the varisTy of thought and multitude of cjunaeuon toat envy round woaom. iney mighc carry their attachments to some parciea- lar form of religion too far and become bigots But they need not do this, and whatever their own belief, they could rejoice at the work of other churches. The difference were quite right, and in accordance with natural and spiritual law. With all their difference they had grand points of «greementtandif we looked at these -we would be afforded more s&txsfsc-iou; than considering the points of difference. They eeuld rejoiee together that they were -one great family under cms great Father, holding is com mon the rewinftiHl doctrines of Christianity, It need not afford any difficulty to any ineeUigect mind to make a choice between Hie different section. Where a man could do the most good that was bis place ; lefcima go and take it. By all means let the churches be brought closely together, but they had no patience with "thos- who for the sake of novelty and excitement leave their own proper work. L>t them take the wort God bad given them. Still leas did they bear with those who magnified non essential with a view of destroying th general harmony. The Christian Church was marching on like a vie'-orious army. The reverend centle- man concluded in an eloquent peroratioa. The .speeches were interspersed sritii musical 1 aeUotious by the choir, who aaog several hymn and anthems vary nicely. .Pleating solos ware contributed by Mas lies, M is Amy lies, and Mr. Drummond. Mr. Hiilard moved a vote of thanks to the ladies, the choir, rite Ber. H. Howard, the speakers that evening, and the chairman. The vote was aeeonded by Mr. Cffiambcriin, and carried by acclamation. Special reference was made to Mr. Howe, the choir-master, and Hiss Sooworofz, the organist. The proceedings closed with the Benediction, Followed by the National Anthem, which, ou this occasion, was tendered in full, it bring borne in mind that it wrs Her Majesty 's Jbui- lee Tear. 