\- UN JSAL DE .MI-CAlUvME.' . - Br 0. G. FURLBY, is Alt ihe Year: Round. Chapter I. The Marquis A.'ain de la Timoutlle was a man of liberal principles. The descendant of one of the oldest bonseB-in Fraticp, whoee memhere had intermarried with the Cont'd aso Bourbons, and had thooght.it no great honour to call the king their oourin, he ooght to have' been' a Legitimist. He w ag ain thing; Orleanist, Republican, Itnperialiat, Ri publican again. He Eerved every patty that would give bim a portfolio and a -pension, in return for .the om&men;'al use of his ancient title. Be has been Minister of Stat for. almoEt evrry thing ; and as he was imtarti6lly ignoiant- of all the eobjeuta 'enti usted to him,' it cannot be said that be Xiti'ci roore>: oohspiououaly in one capacity thau another. Finally, be took to diplomacy, apd was appointed Aoibessaddr to a South Ame rican r-tate, where be distinguished hitn- i eelf greatly, being the very pink of courtesy, anas Past. Master in the. art. of evaeion. ; It was while be was Minister of Fine Arte t" at I marie bis acquaintance.- He professed to think it. hie effioial duty to patronise 'jcuraaiism, and so lavaehed a great deal of q-ui-tesy on B6l6 Miobonneau, and eotnewbst less, iiu .me, Georges Froidevaux, his ,oom pinion oh the staff of tbe 4 Journal de Toot ' le. Monde.' As - ' Everybody's Journal' was not, unfortunately, so well supported by 'everybody ' as its proprietors could have t desired, I was both surprised and flattered ty i. tbeMinie'er's oivility, till Micbonneau ex- iri. 4 "plained the oauee of it according to biB !/ cynical views of men and their motives. Monsieur de la Trdmpuille,' said he, 4 is, .like .many official domocrate, a despot in private life. He-thinks ibat in hia Chateau, as- supreme as bis anoestoredA'in Vfie miSSif age3. That might be possible, if he owned the land bis fathers then possessed; but, ' being a gambler, and the descendant of three generations of gambl-rs, very little of it is left to bim ; and be bateB thote who have bsugbt any portion of bis domain as heartily asif they had stolen it. My father, who was steward to tbe late marquis, was foolish enough to purohaee some land nearly adjoin ing the Cattle, and thereby inour the wrath of M de la'Tiotnonille, who more than hinted that he had gained tbe means of acquiring an estate by aheating his employer. By way of retort', my father oloeed a path that led from the Chateau to the nearest town, directly across his p-operty. The Merquis claimed a right-of-way, and so they raised one- of those great quarrels over little matters, whioh often form tbe sole exoite- ment in -the monotoDona lives of oountry people. My father -likes quarrelling ; he ' enjoys it ; it brsces his n'erveB. He had diisensions not only ' with the Marquis, hut with all .- bis . neighbours, till, nt Itat there was no one left to flgbl with; then, finally, he quarrelled with me, I left his -house, came to Paris, beoBme a journalist, and after undergoing the rcqoieite initiation inrihe art of etarving, began to earn my Jiviog. - Here I met the Marquis de la Trdmooille, who took me up, invited me to his 'house,' made muoh of me — not be cause' he liked me, or oared for literatore. hat beaanse be hated my father, and knew me to be on bad terms with him. That is the- real foundation of his friendship fcr me ; pioture to yourself how highly I value it.' 'But youprofeBS to care for it,' I eaid. 4 You frequen-. tne Hotel I rmouille ; you go to bis offiaial receptions ; yon talk in yopr most brilliant style to his uninterest ing guests ; yon even echo his opinions — expressing them better than be can him self — In the journal. What does that mean?' Micbonneau smiled. ' Ah, that's dif ferent,' he answered; 'there are reasons, very good reasons. Are you so dull that i you i csnuot oomprebend; them ?' i I did comprehend. My friend's ' reasons' | were comprised in one personality— that of ! Charlotte de la Tidmouille, the Marquis's ' beautiful daughter. | 4 Rsne, you are mad !' I exclaimed. 1 To let yourself love Mademoiselle de la Trd- ; ThcuiUe'iB the'height ol tolly. .-. You are only j laying up sorrow for - yourself, and perhaps, for her also. You do not imagine that her father would let her marry you — a bourgeois, a Bohemian, a journalist 1' / 4 1 do ' not imagine it. I know he would forbid such a thing in that grand manner whioh is the onlyfgood quality the ancient .regime has transmitted to him ; but not j fceoauee I am all that you Bay. No ; I oan j picture bim pronouncing a paternal bene- I diction cn me in' the' same charming style ; and speaking eloquently of the destruction of, oaste . prejudices ; the redemption of errant man through that beautiful natitU" tion, tbe domestic hearth, and the union of rank and letters — as >11 exemplified in my marriage .with bis daughter— if I wererioh enough.., My poverty. iB my sole, but suffi cient demerit. For M. le Marquis is liberal id other things than politics. He spent his own inheritance' with the most reokless liberality, .then showed his superiority to . rioial distinctions by. bestowing his ooropet cn Spz-nno LI vl,\ whose pedigree is doubt-' less longer (ban his own, but whose income was large y derived from" a successful gimbling catablisbmei.t. It was a large income, but not enough for the Marquis, . who finally sold .his claim to it for an immense turn. Xhis, too, he bae spent, and i again in debt.. He has but one possession I.f,c to Bell: — his daughter — and aha moat go tq. the man who oan pay, most for her. You are aware of b11 this,' I cried, when be. paused, in hie soornfoi obaracterisstion ol the Marquis, ' and yet, knowing that your passion is.- bnpeleBs, you take every oppor tunity of indulging and increasing it !' \- ' :Wbat -does -that matter ?' he retorted, < dropping biB liatlese tone and speaking. with all the intensity of the South from whioh he came.: ' Does one aek oneself, when one begins to ' love a woman, if one .has Buy chanoe of marrying ? Vou may; I do not. . I know that to . be near her Is bsppineBS, to Be apart from her is misery ; I know Ibat , I would sacrifice anything, everything; to be loved by bar again. I take my joy while I can get it ; 1 seize it the more eagerly \- .beoause I know it can last but a short time; and I trust the fntore and its ohanoes to Fcsvidenoe.' ; ' And- if -Mademoiselle de la Tidmouille loves- yon, how will it affect her ? Is it fairjo win' a woman's love if you oan only break her heart by it ! Yon admit that yon cannot marry her. Women of her station and: beauty are not permitted to 4 coiffe \- Sainte Catherine." The result will -b® that while her heart is yonrB. she will become the . wife of some man to wbo-n Bbe is, at best, indifferent.' . Women of her beauty and station, mon ami, are not permitted to marry for love. No one will know how indifferent ebe is tq bim btter than her husband. This - is not .. my affair. Bud I do not pee why I should eaorifioe the little happiness I oan now secure for the sake of a pereonsee who is still in the miete. of fnturity, and whom when be appears, I shall detest with all my heart. Do yon think M. de la Tremouille knows of yonr passion for Mademoiselle Charlotte V I asked after a pause, giving hp my ueelete contention. ' Who knows ?' answered Micbonneau, eareieFply. 4 Who oan tell what the marquis knows,? Bis Bkillin oonoealing biB knowledge . is nntnrpaBted, even by hia skill.in oonoealing biB ignorance. If he iB ooosoious of the love .between ns — for I will admit to yon that . Charlotte doeB not forbid my- affection— he does not. yet think it -necessary to oheok it, aot haying yet seleoted bis daughter's hus band. Meanwhile I am of nee to him-in publishing opinions in harmony with his own — not to speak of giving him one or two ideas on the subject h6 is "opposed to manage — and my affeotion for Mademoiselle , geaures my allegiance.' Do you think, then, that he plays with jiia daughter's .heart for his own ends v . ' Not he 1 M! le Marquis plays with' noth ing; he makes use of all things, bis daughter included. When she can be employed to better purposes than is sarvd by keeping a poor scribbler in his train, I Bhsll be dis missed in some unforeseen manner,: .the nature of whioh I trust entirely to M. de la Tr&npuille;'s well-known ingenuity. ' Yet I think Bdnd was unprepared for the diBBgrcsaole form that lcgtnuity was io take. . In:. the first place there appeared -at the Hotel Tidmouille a certain Vicomte de Bois joly, -who, it Boon appeared, sought ths hand of Mademoiselle Charlotte. He was as nearly a nobrdy as a man with a title could fce for his father had began " life as Jean Jolibois, bricklayer, and did not display, either in looks or manner, any striking illustration of the dignity of labour, But the bricklayer bad become a contractor, bah made millions, and by jadioiouely transposing the ByllableB of bis family name, bad made it fit to hear with EEemliDess tbe title his wealth purchased for him. His son, tbe yidimte « Ifred, was a very fine specimen of unmanly manhood, uoder-eized, ineigninoant, cowardly, incapable of even an amusement that made any strain on conrage and enduranoe ; yet be was thought to be a fitting haaband for prona Charlotte de la T: tSmonille, with the betnty ehe had inherited from a long line of noble ancestors enriohed by tbe mother's 0 iental grace, --he soornea Boisjoly, and swore to TAid ' (as be told me) that she would never yield to her father's commands; and.it is. true that the -marquis was not able to announoe — to, bis eiEdicora and others — the betrothal that was to save him from ruin, as soon as be desired. \- If this were any other oountry than France I wonld carry her eff and make' her mine,' oiied Micbonneau, in passionate deFpair ; ' but onr laws are made to suit the tyranny of each parents as M. de la Ti£- mouille, and I oannot mtrry ber without her father's oonEent.' He was in a very exaap.- rated mood, my p or R4; 6, maddened with the thought of the woman he loved being given to a men ehe bated. All tbe oynical coolness with whioh he had intendi-d to view tbe spectaole had vanished, and bis anger, which was ready to made bim an eaB'toof ninafneafnarqui6ps skilful bands. At this time tbe Government was baiog much abu-.td for its foreign polioy, whioh seme condemned as rath, and othere as timorous. At one of M. de la Trd monille's effioial reeeptione, R & was defending this, not perhaps from conviotion, bnt from a wish to please hie host, who pre sumabty thought the policy wise and right. The marquis stood listening with a pleasant smile, aB tboBe around heard in silence, if not with oouviqtion, Miohonnean's passionate, and, indeed, olever arguments ; bat when these were finished, he turned to one of the bystanders and said : ' And yr.u, M, Enanlt, what do yon think of all tbii- V I thought — it might be only fanoy — that, a glanos expressing a seoret understanding passed, between onr host and Enault, the editor of L'Avenir,' aa he replied in a slow, drawliDg accent, whioh I knew to be enough of itself to annoy my friend : With all deference to M. le Marquis, who doubtless approves the action of hie col leagues, I consider tbe polioy whioh expends millions of franos on arms which may never be nsed, to be foolieb 'Bnd imprudent ; and I hold that everyone who expresses approval of it mutt be either a traitor to tbe true interests ; of his oonntry, or ignorant what these are.' | ' Monsieur, ' oriea RdmS,' 4 1 approve of the pjlioy.' I Ensnlt shrugged bis shoulders. 14 You have already made that clear,' he answered. 4 1 oan only say — so muoh the f worFe for yon, and, perhaps also, so muoh the worse for the Government.' j This slight on his literary oapaoity touched Rd.e to the quiok. He was I intensely sensitive ; intensely ambitious. ' You insult me 1' he exolaimed. 4 Do you take the truth as an insult V returned the other, with a sneer. ' The faot was that Enanlt was jealous of I my friend, who was rapidly advanoing to the , first rank of journalism ; end he was well ' oontent to quarrel with bim on his own I account, even if he had not obliged the Minister by doing so. j To Enanlt'a last epeeoh there conld be but one sequel. A meeting was arranged, and they fought. .The editor of 4 L'Avenir' was one of the best shots in PariB. Doubtless the Marqais expeoted that Michonnean, now become an incumbrance to him, would -fall ; and, even if he were hot killed, would be laid aside for a sufficiently long time to enable him to marry bis daughter to the Vicomte de Boisjoly, The result, however, was very different. Enault missed ; while Re e, nervous, exoited, and unskilled in she use of the pistol thoogh he wsb, sent a ball tbrcugh bis opponent's heart. This accident, however, played M. de la TieTOouille's game aa well as any other ; and I do not supoose that a man of biB rank, the inheritor of med'asvai ideas on the valne of hnman life in creators of a Uwar oaete, Cared much whioh mere journalist was silled to euit bis convenieDoe. For in any case MioboDnean was g06 rid of. Duelling was to be severely punished in our model new Rtpublio; and we had to make haste in smuggling the viotor over the Belgian frontier, in order to save him from at leaBt a long term of imprisonment. He still worked for the journal, and I wrote to him regularly ; but I oartluliy abstained .from epeBking of Mademoiselle de la Tiemouille, hopirg that the miserable affair in wbiob be'had just been concerned would in eome degree have effaced this foolish pssBion from-Jiie mind. It appeared to have done so, for Michonnean made no inquiry after- the minister or any of his connections. Tbe duel bad taken place in early winter. At the beginning of March - it was evident tbat it had played its part in the sohemes of the Marquis ; the betrothal of Mademoiselle Oharlotie to. tbe Vicomte. de Bcujoly w«b announced to the world. Tbe wedding was to cake place at 'Easrer. Meanwhile the poor little Vicomte might be seen everywhere in attendance on bis bride and her parents, of whom he seemed to be more or - leas afraid, though in other Eociety of a more ignoble kind, he wbr confident and presuming enough Mademoiselle de la Tiemouille looked prouder than ever, and more beautiful also ; but tbe character of her beauty was obanged All the vivacity of girlhood was gone from it ; one wonld have said even that the bloom of youth had disappeared from her com plexion ; she looked already like a mature woman of the world. And yet her pride covered only a bitterness that well nigh approaohed humility, as I fou-d on tbe occasion when I ventured to tffer ber my congratulations. She listened in silence to my oivil phrases, while her great dark eyes -looked steadily into mine, aB if to decipher how much troth lay beneath my words. How she nad me I oannot s»y;' bnt when I had finished my ooromonpl>ce remarks, and- was torning away, Bhe slopped me, and with lips tbat trembled, forced herself to say a few words: Understand, M, Froidevaux— for I wish — you —to know the truth — that my father's honour is involved in my marriage. He has entroeted the preservation of it to me, and I must cot prove unequal to the task.' I knew the message was meant for another than myself, and therefore dared to answer it frankly. 4 Mademoiselle,' I said, 'I hold that a man has no claim to possess honour who cannot keep It intsot without aid from another, even hiB own child. ' She flushed slightly, and I thought she s'gbed. 'You are right, perhapp; but a ohild eannot eay that to a parent, nonet not even think it of bim.' I hesitated abont forwarding this message to Michonnean, and finally decided to enppress it. Bnt I ocnld not suppress tbe newspapers, which conveyed to my friend all bs- needed to know — that Charlotte wab about to be married. Trne. he had ' foreseen tfaia marriage, had even prophesied his own dismissal ; bnt it waB none the less a shook, when his predictions were so speedily fulfilled. I did indeed hope that he had taken it oalmly, for in bis letters to me he made no mention of it ; bat I was soon to be ondeoeived. . I was in the Bois one day, watching the passers by languidly, while -I meditated an artiole for- next week's iesne of 'Le Journal de Tost le Monde,' when I saw approaching & riding party of three pereone— Mademoi sella de la Tiemonille, accompanied by bar father . and ber lover. They were going at a walking pace, so that 1 conld observe them closely. The MBrqnis looked at ihoie around and occasionally bowed to en acquaintance with a delicious eiroi uruiounu and ' yet "benevolent self- satisfaction ; bis daughter, though she held her reins IoobsIj and gazed absently in front of her, sat haughtily upright ; while Boisjoly started nervously at every motion of trie horse's head, and seemed: painfully, conscious of tbe insecurity ot hie position. Suddenly, when they were about half a dozen yards from me, I saw Charlotte start and turn pale. She gave her horse a haBty cat withtbe whip, and in a moment had passed me like a flash of lightning, while h6r father hastened to overtake ber, and Boisjoly, whoBe horse bad broken sympathetically into a ost-ter, joggled unsteadily behind. Turning to the puint where the obange in the girl's demeanour had taken place, I saw Rtke Miohonneau. He was standing behind a group of people, and was balf- bidden also by a tree ; but I conld see his face turned eBgcrly in the direction in whioh tbe woman he loved was disappearing, and on it I read an intense yebrning, mingled witn a ead reproach, and yet -more pitilal triumph. I hurried up to him. 4 Rbeb, what are you doing here ?' I exolaimed. 4 It ia madnees to run suoh a risk ' He took no notice of my qneetion, though be teemed to feel some pleasure at meeting me, and kept my band in a ..oonvuUive prei-aure. 4 1« it true ?' he demanded. What are you speaking of ?' I asked in return. . 4 Is - it true that she is to marry this Boisjoly, this pieae of gilded mud ? Ib he the idol to which Charlotte is to be sacrificed ? ! 4 Say rsther that he is the priest by whom the sae'rifioe is performed. The viotim is offered up to her father's pride, poverty, and selfishness. . But why do you take it so bitterly? ' You knewlorg ago that this must be; yon yourself foretold it.' Tc O, Du» X dM as.k. w.nU nAf, fqaslcU fapw . intolerable it would be to me. And to her, too ! She seemed numbed with misery when she passed me; and when she caught a glimpse of my face, how pale Bbe grew 1 It is a sin that she should be eacrifiea ! I will see her again, I will beeeeoh her to aomo to me.' ' Do not speak eo loudly !' I entreated ; 4 do not attraot attention ! If yon are seen and reoognieed, you know what the reenlt must be. And do not try to see Mademoiselle de la Trdmouille. Bhe iB resigned to ber fate ; she feels that dnty demands of her this eaarifice of herself. You oan offer her no better destiny than that which lies before her. Withont ber father's coDBent — unattainable, as you know — Bhe ..cannot be yonr wife. ' Leave her then to snch peaoe aB she oan find. Do not make her fate harder than it needs be.' 4 1 must see her— I will see her,' he re peated with set teeth, 4 But do not fear that I will compromise yon by letting anyone Bee me in yonr soolety. Take no thungbt of me. I must go my own way at any risk. Yon ehall not see me again till the object for which I have come to PariB is attained.' And before I bad time to reply, he had left me, and wai hidden by Ihe shifting groups ot loungers. Chapteb II. I did not see Miohonneaa, as I had expeoted to do, in. any oflbe haunts we jonrnalists affeot, althoogh there, among friends and fellow workers, he wonld have been safe from the hands of the law. Indeed, he ran little risk if the Marqais de la Ti£monille had not seen him when his daughter did : but there was no donbt that, if the Minister had recognised him, be wonld nee any means, fair or foul, to keep him oat of the way till Charlotte's marriage was accomplished. I wbrrieri myBelf thinking of the com plications my friend's preseooe might bring about at this juncture ; and I conld foresee nothing hut trouble to himself, and possibly to the unfor unate girl bb well. I think it was my disoomposnre thai made me so ready to iudnlge jast then in dissipations, which, as a role, I detested. The insoluble conun drum of Michooneau's future troubled me so persistently, when I was not oooupied with my work, that I was glad to take refage from it in any place where I conld find noise, light and colour. I was thankful for the festival" of Mi Cat erne,- whioh aame just then to break the cbaBtened gloom of a Parisian Lent, or at least to give special exouse for some outbnrst of Bohemian jollity. So, od6 night I went to a masked ball. I left, the ponce of the spring night, the eilenoe in which, out in the half-bailt sub urb where I lived, one seemed- almost to hear the trees bursting into bud and leal through their hard and gnarled branches, and to inhale, as in a dream of the country, tbe faint perfume of some brave violet that had not yet fled from the approach of man. I left these to listen to the harsh clanging of dsnce-musio, and the still worse discord ance of soulless, mirthless laughter ; for the glare of gas, so yellow aa to hide the laok of freehneBs in the gaudy, faroial oostumes, and -in the faces — not oue of them bright or innocent-looking, though many of them were yonng— which smiled, and leered, and frowned, now beneath a silken msBk, and again, hidden by only the almost- eqnally complete protection of paint and powder and natural duplicity. I hated the scene— will you believe this of a Parisian journalist ?— though I wbb present at It of my own free will. , Nevertheless it was, after its fashion, bright and gay enough. I let my imagination- wander with my eyeB, and taking scraps of overheard conversation for a groundwork, made a history for eaoh bright-clothed figure tbat paBsed me. Take, for example, that down and tbe columbine who leant on hia arm. I felt hie figure to be dimly familiar. I fancied that conld I see bim in some other dress than tbe soarlet and white of a Pierrot, and undis guised by the white paint and ' vermilion triaDglea on bis faoe, I should know him for an acquaintance ; but in his masquerade ooetume I failed to recognise him. His companion was a pretty, thoogh bold' looking girl, who wore no mask to. hide a ioe that was apparently well known to many present, The two paused for a minute in a whirling galop, and Btopped to rest near the eorner where I was standing. 4 I supposej' said the girl, 4 that this will be your last dance at a Mi-Oareme bai oostame, Monsieur. By this time next year you will be a staid haaband, who will frown at tbememory of these follieBof past days.' 4 Not I, ma belle. It is not written in the marriage, service that a man should be triBte for the rest of his days. To man / is a'dnty to eooiety, and one alwavB takes suoh duties lightly. To bs happy is a duty to oneself, and' is therefore to be -etriotly performed. 1 shall not fsil in it.' ' 4 Ah! ihe future Madame la YioointeBse will have a voice in deciding wherein your happiness shall lie.' ' 4 Not much. Mademoiselle de la Tre- mouille seeks neither her own happiness nor mine in becoming my wife, and will, therefore, make no- t-ffort to aontrol my search for it after I am her husband.' The cine to the identity of tbe Pierrot, which I bad hitherto failed to catch, was given mo by this last remark. It wos Bois jolj. 4 So yen say now,' answered his com pamon, hastily ; 4 but believe me, after she is married, a woman claims rights even while she refuses priviliges. Your wife may do nothing to reoonoile yon to married life ; but, nevertheless", ehe will object to yonr continuing tbe habits of-your baohelor life, and you will have to submit to her wishes.' ' You are wrong. I promise you that tbe event will prove it. I will wager a diamond broooh against the knot of ribbope on your shoulder that next year at a Mi-Careme ball, I Bhall be as ready as I am to-niqht to lead the cotillon with you. Will you take the wsger ?' 4 Not unleBs tbe stake are plaoed in my hands at once,' returned the girl with a light laugh,' 4 Bat do' not let us stand still any j longer. The mUBio gets quicker as the end j of the dance, approaches. , Wo have time for one more torn before it stops.' i They whirled way Horn my, sight, and 1 ' tried to put them from my memory also. In ; -a moment 1- succeeded, for m y-eye fell on a > figure dressed a a brigand- — a Fra Di»volo with long cloak, peaked broad brimmed bat, and a mask that did more than pretend to oonceal the face below. But I knew to man too well not to recognhe who it wsb that was lounging about- the ball-room, keeping, in all his wanderings, hie eye's' steadily fixed on the entrance. I went op to him hastily, 4 Rene,' I ex olaimed in a troubled rwhisper,' ' why are you here ? Do you know what a risk you run ?' 4 Froidevaux, is it gpou V he answered, with some irrita'ion in bis tone. ' I tbongbt you were too grave to visit suoh a scene. But since I have met yon I will ask your help, for, as you will believe, I do not wish to show myself more than is necessary Keep near tbe door and watch for a tail lady in a blue domino. When she comes. addiesB her — sbe will know your voice, and ehe is aware that you are my fritnd — and bring her to me. I ehall be In the aloove at the end of the salle.' 4 Do you mean that Madem-.i3slie ?' ' Hash ! do not mention her name here. Yes, she has premised to meet me onee more ; and we are safer from detection here than in tbe mast deserted spot in Paris. There iB no solitude like ibat of a crowd-' I doubted this last proposition, but I had no opportunity of-dicpating it, tor Miohonneaa turned and left me, and I bad no alternative bnt to repair to' the poBt he aBBigned to me. I removed my maek, having no reason ol my own to fear recognition, and bo simplified the .task of winning the confidence ol MademoiFelle de la T.dmoDiile when at last ehe appeared. I felt her hand tremble as it lay on my arm, while I led her up the room. It was not strange tbat ehe shonld he afraid. It was long past midnight, and this ball waB a place which women of her station are not snp poatd tn visit. Her pareuts and her betrothed believed her to be asieepin ber own chamber, while she wbb stealing out masked aud die gnited to meet a for bio den lover Miobonnean saw ber agitation and was angered by it — . oTc. r»i.iug angered him .now, poor fellow 1 4 You seem distressed, Mademoiselle,' he said, as be took her band. 4 Can you wonder ?' Bhe answered. 4 It is the height of folly in me to oome here to meet you.' 4 Yet it is not the firBt — no, nor the tenth time, that you bavr left your father's bouse after nightfall to keep a rendezvous with me.' 4 No, but formerly it was different. I en dangered no one bub myself, and I even wished sometimes tbat I conld be discovered, for then my father would have felt oom- pe'.led to give me to you. But now.! You know how I am placed, I am within a few weeks of my marriage — a marriage whioh is foroed upon me, yet from which I dare not wish to escape. On its taking place my father's honi ur and credit depend. Any ohanoe might bring tbe knowledge of what I have ventured to-night to the ears of M. de Boi-qffy. Thin what could I expect but tbat he would refuse to make me bis wife, as hold ing me nbfit to keep hiBnaine above scandal. -And if he explained hie reasons: Ah 1' - She stopped abruptly, and barely sup- preBBed a scream, for Boi joly, passing by the alcove, bad glanced at its ooonpants, and disentangling himself from the clinging grasp of biB oolumbine, had oome forward and laid hie hand on the blue domino's arm. 4 Mademoiselle de la Trdmouille, do 1 Bee you here— you ?' he asked iu a low, but furious voice. She tremblid eo that she oould soarcely speak. 4 You recognise me I' Bhe faltered, Yes,' he replied. ' Your disguise is admirable, and safficient for the world in general ; but tbe man who meant to marry you in a fortnight ib, bb he ought to be, able to reoognise you under any mask — even that of ingenue, which you have hitherto worn.' Miohonneaa Interposed. 4 Whatever rela tion this lady may bear to you in fnture, remember tbat she ia for the moment under my protection, and that whoever fails to address her with reaped must answer for it to ma.' 4 1 have no doubt,' said Boisjoly, 4 that I shall be'betfe'r able to reply to yout demands than yoa will be to auBwer mine.' 4 The means of settling all qneBtionB is easily obtained, nor need we waste much time in argument.' '.Oh!. what do you mean"?'. rcrled", "tbe frightened gitl. 4 Mademoiselle, this is not a place for you,' said her betrothed, letting the qneBtion pass ; 4 allow me to oondact yoa to yonr oarriage,' Again Miohonneaa interposed with his now Characteristic needless petulance. 4 As Mademoiselle .came here to meet me and not M. de Boisjoly, I claim tbe privi lege of being her escort,' Charlotte gaztd despairingly froui one to tbe other. As the rivals had already quite snfiioient oauee of quarrel to satisfy belli gerent souls, I thought I -might venture to make some attempt at calming this petty diflerenoe, and offered my services for the trivial taek. Mademoiselle de la Tr&nouille; aooepte'd my offered arm, and turned from Bind with ont farewell To Boisjoly ehe said- iu a trembling voioe : My father and mother know nothing of this folly of mine. If it be possible, spare them.' Tha Vioomte bowed. 4 1 trust to arrang- . this affair in auoh a manner as to income mode neither you nor your family. In any oaee you may be enre that 1 know how to respect the honour- of a noble name.' She muet have known - that any possible 4 arrangement' must involve danger 10 her lover, yet ehe walked away wiibont even a glance at the man whom love for her had brought to suoh grevious peril. She had risked muoh for Miohonneau, but she oared most for hemlf after all. It is true, however, that she Baked me in a whi-por, as I plaoed her in one of the fiiores that wers waiting outride, 'Most they figbi ? 4 1 fear it oannot be prevented.' Try. to do bo;' she implored. 4 Beaeeoh them for my Bake, to part in peace.' I promised to comply with her request, though I knew it to be hopeless ; and, indeed, when I returned to the ball-room neither Rend nor Boisjoly was to be seen. I looked around for them, but vainly, and though 1 asked the oolumbine, who had been Boia- joly's partner, if ahe knew' where he had gone, ehe eould give me no information. M. le Pierrot had left ber very abruptly, very rudely; ah«;badno further interest in him. And ahe added, with a glaooe that was meant to be bewitching, 4 As both our companions seem to have deserted us, monsieur, shall we not eonBole eaoh other?' I turned away impatiently and left the place, troubled and irritated in mind. Nothing seemed left for me but to go home, for I knew not where to seek the rival lo vers! and I wholly despaired of influencing either of them, even if I oould find them. I walked along, gloomily revolving the possible issue of Miohonneau's mad love, until, bb the night faded into grey, and the spring morning dawned bbill 'and draped in miBt, the " special question in my mind seemed to lose its abarpness of outline, and blend vBguely with the aloud of sorrow and wrong, whioh . I felt to be overhanging the great sleep! g city. . I lived, as I have said, In one of tbe -unfinished Bnbnrba — a poor one, which would never be oooupied by "any but workmen, tradesmen ot the poorer olass, and an . occasional struggling writer like myself. The blocks of - faonaes, experi ments of Bpeoulative builders, loomed gaunt and epeotral through tbe mist ; they might have been tbe ruins of pastj ages instead of the barely finished erectione of yesterday, as they waited till a oonneotlng row of build I inga should link them together. Between | them lay, fields — desolate fields, whioh tbe oity bad invaded and taken possession of, bb being convenient spots in wbioh to oast refuse, or Btore the brisks and stones ot future walls ; but where newly-mated birds still olung- to the.. homes they bad built in their hereditary trees, and familiar flowers made brave efforts to bloom, in spite of the surrounding amoke and grime. These fi«id always Btruok me with a peculiar feeling of depression ; they were gloomier to me than the loneliest country , lane. A brooding sadness seemed, to overhang them, as if they were haunted by tbe proph'etlo ghosts cf the iDmatea of the dwellings that were to arise upon them, The:, very . cry of a .bird, too early disturbed in: its nest, seemed to my fretful ear to -have a human sound. Was lt_ hot a human ory ? I heard it aK>n, tbiB time it seemed to articulate, 1 Help me, for Heaven's sane,' I thought it ; suit »s ihe ta'i-e n,t intnt 1 saw i strained my eyeB to pieroe the morning miB-, a figure running towards me, donbt> leee in search of help for acme ir- jured comrade. Yet snrely it was the etrangeat being that ever sought aid for one in danger or pain ! It wbb a man draped in a long cloak, whioh, however, floati-g behind him as he 'ran, displayed the piebald soarlet and white of bis faoe and garments. It was the Pierrot of tbe masked ball — the Vicomte de Boisjoly. 4 Viocmte !' I exclaimed as he approached me, and tried to ostoh bim as be passed; bnt he eloded my hand and fled with a swiftneBB that defied pursuit. Then. I burst through the eoant and tattered hedge, and hn>-iying onwards found what I knew must be . lying somewhere, the body of my poor friend, R6c.e Miohonneaa. He still lived, bat the blood was pouring riom a bullet wound in his lungs, and tbe dailh-dew was gathering on his brow. One hand, from which tbe ueelesa piatol bad dropped, was clutching iu agony at the stuntid grsBB ; I took the other in mine, and Btrove to raise him and to stannoh tbe wound. He seemed to recognise me and to feel no surprise at my appearing at that moment. 4 Q oo late, Georges, loo late,' he gasped. Then reourring to the event of tbe previous honr — 1 She will get home Bafely ?' he in quired. 4 Doubtless,' I answered briefly, feeling at that moment a most bitter indifference to the fate of Charlotte de la Tt dmouille. ' I have died for her,' he went on — was it madneBB on my part to think I heard a certain triumph in bis feeble voioe ? ' It ib worth doing, this— to die for love of a woman, and yet— yet— I doubt if she was worth it. Who knows ? Women are weak and selfish, even tbe best of them ; and Bhe wiil be happier in the fnture if she has not loved me too well.' Hi voioe died away, a the life-blood ebbed from him. In the last few moments hia mind wandered, whether to paat or future, who Bhall say ? For hiB last words, before he fell back still and lifeless, were, ' Embrasse moi, ma mere,' aooompanied by an outstretohing of the arms, as if he, indeed, sought to clasp in them bis long- dead mother. In due oourse I laid an information against the Vicomte de Boisjoly, It waa laughed at. Tbe Vicomte swore that he had gonA to bed before midnight on tbe evening I spoke of, bad never stirred till his valet brought him his ce ffee at eight o'clock next morning, and bad not been at a masked ball since Carnival time. Tbe valet confirmed bis master's statement, and I oould not call Mademoiselle de ia Trdmooille to witness to the troth of mine. I knew that, had the oboioe lain with B6e£, he wonld rather a thousand times that hia death should remain unavenged than that a Bbade of eoandal shonld fall on her. I submitted to oiroumBtanees, and so, un interrupted, save by suoh pangs of memory aud ooDBoienoe aB may venture loatttaok personages of the 4 grand monde,' a gay wedding took place at the Madeleine, and flowerB were scattered, and opera- singerB Bang, and an Arohbishop made Alfred de Boisjoly and Charlotte de la Tremouille man and wife. And if tbe bride looked deadly pale beneath her wreath of flowers, and |be bridegroom strove vainly to hide eullenleBs with smiles, the satisfaction that beamed on the oountenanee of the Marquis Alain de la Tremouille was perfect and sincere. Do you wish to hear more ? The Vioomtesee da Boisjoly, after six months of the most reoklesB gaiety, extravagant and eccentric even for Paris, suddenly retired to the oountry, where ehe has remained ever Biooe. Rumour says that she has gone mad. Meanwhile tbe Vioomte spends most of bis time at Monte Carlo, and iB doing hiB best to bill himself with abainthe, Miohonneau ia not wholly unavenged. 