INTER-COLONIAL. MELBOURNE NEWS. The cricket match between the English and Australian elevens was Concluded on the 22nd. and resulted- in an . unexpected victory ' for England by 57 runs. The weather was glorious, but the attendance of spectators was scarce. The English finished their second mnings .for 2B4, ' Shermn and Lohmann, the 4 iff A siaF Man nJJiM /» £9 vmnn 1\ n£nwn a I< uui V7«J v iiiuiij nuuiti uu IUUD uciviv a separation was effected (?) The Australians commenced their secoiid - innings with 172 runs to get to win. They began very badly, five of their best spcketofalling for 25. Spof- forth and Bruce then got together and made things innch better. These two and Trott were the only batsmen who made much of a stand, and the last wicket, fell for 'the small total of 214 runs — At the City Police Court on Wednesday last the first proBeculionB in connection with toe recently discovered Cus toms frauds were gone on . with. Isaac Her man, money lender, of Melbourne, Isaac Abrahams, reporter, of Sydney, and H. F. Smith, a weigher, employed in the Customs department were each sued for £900 for breaches of the Customs Act, in smuggling 45,000 cigars into the colony. The Bench fined the defendants, who pleaded guilty, £100 each — A girl named Mary Margnardt attempted to murder her mother at- Uorsham last night by hitting lier several times with an axe on the hi a 1. She has been arrested. The victim is in a very precarious condition — The 37tli intercolonial cricket match be tween Sydney and Melbourne commenced on tne 27th on the Melbourne cricket club ground. 5000 persons were present. The New Sontli Welshmen occupied the wickets all day, and. put together 226 runs. — Nearly the whole of the population of Melbourne devoted itself to pleasure on Boxing Day in various forms. In" the evening all the the atres were packed— On Sunday a fire took place on the preniisesof Massina & Co., print ers, Little. Collins Street. The whole . of the January editions of the Australian Journal, and a number of a new issue of Gordon's Poems' ; were destroyed — The Midsummer V.A.T.C. races were. held on the 27th .at Cuul- field before a good attendance. The follow ing .are .the details of the races i--Selling Race, Hot Iron 1, Garry 2, Mistake 3. This was won easily by a length, time, 1 min. 13 sees. Hurdle Race, Goodwood 1, Marion 2, Whalebone 3. . Time 3 mins. 27 sees.. Sum mer Cup, Koliai Trahan 1, Levite 2, Metal 3. Time 2 mins. 29j sees. Juvenile Stakes, Perhaps, by Gang Forward, out ot Peradven- ture l, Escutcheon .2, Hortense 3. Perhaps, was quickly away, and led round toe turn fol lowed Horteuse. Escutcheon was approach ing the straight, when Hortense came up, but . in the-race home Perliaps won by a length from- Escutcheon, Hortense close up was 3rd, Sumatra 4th, followed by . Epicurean. Time 1 min. 34£ sees. The Steeple Chase, fell to Rnby, by Lapidtot out of Mince Pie, ,11st. 71 bs., ridden by Williams; Curiousily, lOst. 81bs., ridden by King, 2. Moonlight, 10st. 41 bs., ridden by Allen, 3. The Mal vern Handicap was won - by Damocles, . by Gang Forward, out .of Queen of Naples, Ghost 2, Honora 3. Time 1 min. 32 sees.- — The revenue returns to December 22nd give ""£304,100. The estimate for the year ending, June next is £6,516,797 — The Inter colonial cricket match was continued on Tuesday, Victoria putting on' 213 run's for a loss of 3 wickets. SYDNEY NEWS. . Several gentlemen ..held an interview with the Colonial Secretary in order to place be fore hiiri evidence " which they "contended was sufficient to establish grounds for inter- cedence for William Hill, one uf the pris oners <now awaiting execution for participa tion in toe Mount Rennie outrage. The evi dence tended to show- that Hill could not have been present when the outrage was committed. Mr. Dibbs promised carefully to consider the evidence, and submit it at the next meeting of the Executive — It to an nounced that owing to a disagreement , with the Premier, Sit P. Jennings, Mr. Dibbs, Colonial Secretary, is about, to vacate his position— At tiie. Balmain Police Court on the 27th ten youths were charged with being concerned in a riot in front of toe Temper ance Hall on Saturday night, in the course of which one Chapman was stabbed in the. back, and is iri a precarious condition, They were remanded— The North - German ' Lloyd's steamer Preussen arrived on Sunday after noon, ' and anchored off tlie .quarantine sta tion. The passengers landed to-day, Jbnt were detained for observation. One of toe sea men showing symptoms of small- pox has has been isolated — The Summer Meeting was held at Randwick on Monday. It w&s; at tended by 25,000 persons. The results were as" follows :— December Stakes, of 500 sovs., 41 __ l.A. Uam T MJIiifo'n A UVC U.UU. . iliiitvoawvii»wwu| ridden by Hales, 1, Mr. Cooper's Hunting- tower, ridden by Kelso2, and Mr. Lang's Moore- bank, ridden by Colley 3. Time l.min. 2| sees. Hurdle Race, Unique, ridden by Maione 1, Deception; ridden by Phillips 2. Selling Plate, Murrueundi I, Lord Cochrane 2nd, Rainbow 3. The Summer Cap, of 500 sovs., distance, a mile and a half, was won by Mr. Forrester's Dago'bert, Mr. Earle's Myall King 2, Mr. Forrester's Kitawa 3. The race was won fay two . lengths in 2 mins. 3 sees. The Nursery "Handicap fell to Hon. J. White's Perfume, ridden by Hales; Mr. Long's Exbapk. ridden by Colley 2, Mr. Rob ert's Orange Blossom, ridden by Macauley 3. The A. J. C. Handicap, of 200 sovs., distance li mile fell to Mr. Cameron's .Thewick, Mr. Mayo's Ravenswortb 2, Mr. Ealem's Emer ald 3. This was won after a desperate race under the whip by half a head. Time 2 mins. lOj sees.— The fireman of tiie Preussen who was reported, to be sickening has now de veloped small-pox. Three other persons by the steamer who have shown .symptoms of the disease have-been isolated — On Tuesday the German barque Erl Konig, frorn Sydney to Shanghai, fifteen days out, put into New castle in distress. When 150 miles off land on the 15th she experiencd terrible weath er, and a rough sea which carried away her port bulwarks, stanchions, and two ship's" boats, besides smashing a third boat. No lives were lost. (Later). Another of the passengers on the quarantine Btation from the Preussen has developed symptoms of' confluent small -pox. " ADELAIDE NEWS. A disastrous fire took place in Bundle St. on Christmas Eve. A ytuith was lighting the gas in a window of R. C. Castle's draper, when a piece of lace accidentally caught fire. A passer by saw the light, and smashed the window, letting in the wind. In a mo ment the contents of the window -were in flames, and, before they could be got under, had spread to Castle's shop, East of the one where ihe fire started. It next spread to the Academy of Music. The fire continued rag ing till just on 10 o'clock. Both Castle's ( Continued on page 6.) fContinuedfrom page 3)r . chops were gulled, also both Cunninghams riibpji, and the Academy of Mnsic. This is /the- third time that'tlie Academy of Music >liasbeen destroyed by- fire. Unfortunately two firemen named -Clarkson and Gardiner lost tlieirlives io the attempt to put out the jdlanies— On Monday night the jubilee of the -colony was celebrated by the holding of an told colonists demonstration in the Town pHall. 2000 persons were present, comprising \- pioneers of 1836i,and old cplenists. Tabl- , eaux depicilng caity acenes of tlie colony wcregen,andSirj.H.Ayera,)K.C.M.Cr.> driiv- : . . ered an address in which he traeed the his =' 5toiy of the colony from ltsincep!ion,nptb to- day-TtninsandsoTpeople WenttoGlenelg.where tiie fiftieth anniversaiy of the foundation- of ? the colony was being obserred. At noon, M.MiiC.S.'-Pr<ite.etbr fired a EoyahSalute. " The i Mayor entettaihed old colonists of whom -Uierewas a large gathering — News from Teetulpa continues good, latest telegrams stating that one load of wash dirt on the "Western aide of Brady's Gully yielded 25oz. 'I V -cfold. : , J v The.Great AustralianGlaira at Gympiehas i crndied <279 tons of stone, ..- which yielded : , : , 3,623 ounces of gold. ' The directors have, declared a dividend of 10s;? per share, equal . : to £12,000. Seveh ; weeks ago £6000 was paid in dividends, and 200 tons ore aie.- now \- < . paddoekcd. 149 " tons of stone from the Crown and Phoenix Mine yielded 366 ounces of Amalgam. 