ALBERT HALL. Mr. Locke Richardson, an elocutionary artist of some renown, whose recitals have been listened to with great interest in the other colonies made his first appearance in Adelaide at the Albert Hall 00 Saturday night, when ho created a very favorable impression, and by fau own unaided efforts entertained for nearly two boon a large and wall-pleased aodifcoy, Mr. Richardson's subject on this occadon being Dickens'e "Christmas Carol.*' There are <if mapy thnnaajiA* jif TOflraatA fAmintam to whom every page of the "Carol" is quite familiar, bnt on the other hand there are many wbo, while they are well versed enough in the doings of Pickwick, Nicholas Nictdeby, and many other of the notable characters which Dickens in rented, have bat a limited know ledge of the beautiful Carol which; baa baen defaced aa the best charity sermon that was ever written. It is because of tfai* per haps—that the work pertain* to tha character of a sermon, that it is leu wicely known than many other works of the fcreat delineator of human nature, and it therefore speaks well for the confidence of the reciter in bit powers to enchain the attention of bin audience that he ehonld have made a selection of this subject for his opening enter tatntnent. Christmas in the colonies comes tt us in such utterly different guise to the Christmas of the old country that its traditions and ito enrtoms are in a meaanre lost to as, and consequently the teachings of the "Carol" have not the same application here that they bare ** at home." Oar rising' generation have so little acquaintance with ice and snow that they era hardly recognise the frost and icacled figure of Father Christmas, and have only transmitted knowledge of the junketings and mmnmaries that are incident to the season in colder climes ; never having- assisted at the feastings and tnerrimf nts of which loast beef, plum padding, and mistletoe boogb? are indispensable ad juncts. Neither have they had to welcome the visitors who arrive on Christmas Eve after a tedious journey through sleet and enow, or eat round the brightly burning yule log into the email hours of the morning with am- Striken countenances to the traditional exploits of the family ghost. Santa Glaus is only re garded as a ?ort of foreign penMoage who brings presents that are always acceptable, but are scarcely connected in the mind of the receiver with the great Christian festival that wmks such wonderful in fluence in caasmga feeling of charity and good will to reign amongst men, and the "waits" and the "carol" era bat transient episodes that may easily be omitted from the keeping of Christmas in the sunny climes of die south. We allude to these facts because the appropriateness of Dickens's work ia in a measure lost to us here, and its grand teachings of charity aft each a season are in a measure misapplied to our cotnmuu ' v. It will be seen then that if Mr. Richard* could with such a subject hold his audience enthralled from his opening to bia fflirsnig utterances he must have inrested his twits! with qualities of a distinctive nature, depend icg largely opon his own ability, and this be waa certainly euccasfal in doing. Tall, of good figure, and intellectual countenance, tte reciter favorably impresses the auditory on bia entrance, and commencing his dis couree in a somewhat subdued undertone, tin listener has some donbta aa to whether bis voice will realise the expectations that have been formed of it. Unlike the Bey. Charles Clarke's, it is not musically bell like in tone, neither baa it the clear resonant qualities of Walter Montgotcery'a organ; but as the recital proceeds the audience discover why Mr. Richardson has been ranked alocffside these famous entertainers — because he has the same pnrer of interesting and holding bia audienoe, although bis method and manner may be different to theirs. For our own purposes we will suppose that our readers are familiar with the story of the ?'Chrutmaa Carol." aad how the miserly Scrooge was brought to a sense of his own cold grasping nature by a dream, in which, accompanied by a ghostly mentor, he ia shown variona pictures of poverty at Christ mastidr, aad ia made to realise how uttetly friendleM be would be at his death, and bow bis means are ample to enable him to relieve the necewiities and add to the pleasure of those whom he had previously regarded aa a cumbrance on the farth. Aa he proceeded with hia subject Me Bicbardson gradnall* and mo*t tfiectiraly dia plajed the powers of tne elocutionist. He re lated in matter of fact tones the everyday inci dents that occurred in Scrooge's office; then nctnrtd with touching taodemeas the home of Tiney Tim, and in gleeialacaenta aad amusing t?odnlatkms of tone described the Christmas cheer that was exhibited in the botch n'and the grocers' ahopa, and told with wonderful BDctnonapeaa bow the Oatehitt family reraUed in the enjoyment of that famous atuffs-i goose and the mystery and development of the historical plum podding. The audience laogbed at the simple glee of the youngsters aa they uctnied them gathered around the festive board, and applauded aU the points that ware evoked from the game of blind man's buff as though the relation of the atory came to them aa an anexpeeted novelty. Again were they < pleated with the humor and change of tone and dialect that were introduced into the Jmh woman's sale of Scrooge's effects to the Jew in the pawnshop,and wbereverthesabject was matt imprereive in its teachings they Us teaed witheatelolattentio?tothehomilyof the recuer. In tbe course of the evening we found 1 that Mr. Richardson waa artistically nurturing his powers ; that he had in no way exhausted , hia elocutionary and dramatic acquirements, j and that in a succession of entertainments he has scope enonch in Ilia voice and hia know- I ledge of character to affoid a pleasing variety, 1 and a jndirionroess in the treatment of his I subject to make each change acceptable to hia audiences. Hia method throughout ia excellent, as he does not waste hia energies; makes no attempt at over-elabora tion, but while in the colloquial and subsidiary passages he maintains a quietly Babdned tone, hia voice ia fceatd with roll force and pane- i tracing power in the more dramatic episodes, 1 or vibrates with true feeling wherever pathos 1 is demanded. He speaks without book, en tiitly from t&emory.; Hi? actions are few, and graceful, and hia byplay usoited, thus affording to his performance a dignity in keeping with the* excellent moral lesson that ia to be derived fiom the "Christmas CaroL" We have no doubt Mr. Hichaidaon will be equally sucseu ful in hi- Shakeeperian delineations, an-t he will deserve a fulltiouse when be appears ou Tutbday in " The Merchant of Venice." 