,-= LOCAL NEWS. The Mercantile Building, Land, and In- vestment Co.-We have received from Mr. W. Ö. Clack, agent at Maitland, a copy of the sixth half-yearly report and balance sheet of the Mercantile Building, Land, and Investment Com- pany, to be submitted to a general meeting of -shareholders in Sydney on Friday, from which wo gather the following particulars :-For the half-year, the interest upon investments, and profit i.upon land sold, amounted to ¿3163, fines £36.2; other items bwelling the total income to £3560. The half-year's expenditure had been £2029. .Including the balance from the previous .year, there was at credit of profit and loss £2320, , which it is proposed to appropriate as follows : To dividend of 10 per cent, per annum on £31,143, £1557 ¡ fco profit to coupon holders 24 per cent., making 10 per cent, per annum, £109 ; bonus to depositors over six months 1} per cent, per annum, and bonus to depositors under six months, 1 per ,-cent.-per annum, £535; to carry forward, £117. Since the" last half-yearly meeting, the new build- ings have been completed and paid for, the total cost/ including site, being £28,412 9s. The deposits had increased from £63,501 to £93,487. The assets amounted to £285,119, including balances secured to the company of £174,033, land owned by ? the company being calculated at cost price only. Gqld fbom Kjjcbkbley.-A telegram from Perth on Friday says:-Donald M'Neil left Derby for Melbourne, taking with him 14cwt. of stone from a rich reef at Mount Dockrell. Gold lies in large lumps in the stone, which is of a/ crumbly nature and of a dark slate colour. The stone is estimated to produce £3000 worth of gold. Silver also shows in the stone. Several reports of sil ver finds at Kimber- ley are current. Op Taesday last Mr. M'Phee re- turned to Roebourne, after prospecting for nine months in the Do Grey, Shaw, and Fortescue Bivers. He fotind gold in the head oí the De Grey. He has brought in many good specimens. Ihe remainder of the party, conuisting of eight men., are now on the Hammersley. Mr. M'Phee has formed favour Able impressions of ±he country. He was the first to report the fact of gold-beating country existing at Mount Dockrell. The Government will be petitioned to aid in the work of prospecting. Pastoral Tenants and Old Leases.-In con- sequence of a statement made in the Assembly by Mr. Garrett, <' that the ^storal tenants, if they did not like the terms they had under the new Act, could revert tp their forni/jr position under the old Act," some pastoral tenants have belieyed they bad power to return to the old leases. Messrs. Abbott and Allen have therefore, at the instance of a client, asked the Minister by what process this return could be accomplished. The official reply is that that the law does not per- mit a Crown tenant to return to the old lease, but that such a coane might be provided ia an amend- ing law, should a lessee desire it, of course, adds the Minister, with restitution of all the rights of the Crown, and of the public, as those rights stood wkeB the present Act came into force. AosTRMiiAK Gaslioht Co.-Tho 103rd half yearly report of the Australian Gaslight Company to be submitted to tho shareholders on Monday, shows (says the Herald) that the not profits of the half-year after deducting bad debts, interest on borrowed money, repairs and renewals, and deteri- oration of plant, working expenses, and all other charges amounted with the balance from last account to £47,263. The directors recommended a dividend at the rate of 7i per cent, for the past six months, absorbing £-14,959, leaving a balance to b» carried forward of £2303. The dividend will be payable at the Bank of New South Wales, in George-street, Sydney, on and after Tuesday, 2Gth July instant. The debentures authorised at last meeting had been floated in London at a premium of £6 14s per cent. The directors recommended that tho sum of £18,707 12s Id from the reserve fund together with the net premium on the deben- tures, be written off to depreciation of the com- pany's property. The engineer reported the company's plant in good condition, and the new extensions at Mortlake to bo making satisfactory progress. In view of the largo extensions of plant now being carried out at Mortlake, and the demand for gas in places not yet supplied, the directors find it necessary to recommend to this meeting-the adoption of the resolutions providing that 10,000 new shares of £6 each be created ; such shares to be allotted to existing proprietors at a premium of £2 a share, and in the proportion, as far as practi- cable, of one new to ten old shares, the premium to be paid in instalments proportioned to the amount .of callj one call of £1, and 6s 8d premium, to be made on 1st October, and a second of like amount on'3rd of January next. An alteration of a by-law consequent 'On the increase of capital is also pro- posed, enlarging the number of shares tobe held by anyone p'erson from 2400 to 2640. The Mayor os Sydney in Adelaide.-On Friday morning the Mayor, Mr. E. T. Smith, 'formally welcomed the Mayor of Sydney in the Council room of the Town Hall. Mr. Biley.'s health was proposed by Mr. Smith nnd heartily responded to. Several other toasts were given. The proceedings were of a very pleasant character. The Mayor and Mayoress of Sydney subsequently visited tho Exhibition, accompanied by the Mayor and Mayoress of Adelaide. They were received by Mr. J. C. Neild, and conducted through the various courts. The Primate.-Bishop Barry is a passenger by the mail steamer Alameda, which arrived at Auck- land on Friday from San Francisco. He may be ?expected to reach Sydney to-morrow (Wednosday.) The Bush Missionary Society. - The half yearly meeting of the above Society was held in 'Sydney on Friday. The Secretary (Mr. Joseph Palmer), in a verbal report of the Society's labours during the past half-year, mentioned that a new missionary (Mr. F. W. Darling) had been appointed. Their missionaries had not relaxed in their efforts, but he regretted that mission work generally had been hindered by the bad condition of the roads. Mr. Pratt (treasurer) reported a bank overdraft of £360, due mainly to the marked diminution of income brought about by the general depression. He was hopeful, however, that as the state of the colony improved, friends would come to the rescue and wipe off -the deficit. The following officers were -then elected :-Mr. W. Pratt (treasurer), Mr. Joseph Palmer (hon. secretary), and Messrs. W. G. Crane, E. Duffield, A. W. S. Gregg, Arthur Hunt, A. Menzies, E. G. Palmer, F. G. Palmer, T. B. Eolin, Alfred Saddington, and John Wells (members of the committee), and Mr. H. Pordriau, jun., and Mr. B. Short, junr. (auditors). The rest of the evening was devoted to the rental of individual experiences, several missionaries giving interesting accounts of the difficulties encountered by them in their travels, and the success which had attended their endeavours to further the cause of religion. Financial 'Condition or New Zealand.-The Wet« Zealand Herald remarks :-Ainong all the election Bpecohes which have treen hitherto made, there is not one of them in which the financial position of the colony was so clearly stated as it was in the address of Mr. Bryce, at Patea. The time occupied in delivering it appears to have been brief, as is usually the case with that gentleman, but he seems to have-spoken to good purpose, as he always docs. Asshowing the necessity for retrenchment, he represented the total indebtedness of the colony including the public debt, local bodies' debt, mort- gages, and uncovered debt-ias amounting in round numbers to £90,000,000. The interest payable on this sum, taking that on local bodies at G J, on mortgages at 7, and uncovered debt at 8 per cenij^ amounts at £5,930,000. A certain portion of the indebtedness consists, of course, of money borrowed in the colony ; and, estimating this at £1,400,000, the interest which had each year to be transmitted from the colony might be set down at £4,000,000. The public debt had at March last reached £31,688,000. and the Annual demand on the Treasury of £1,764,000 to meet the interest on this large sum absorbs the whole of the Customs duties, beer±duty, property tax, and three other heads of revenue. That is the true position of the colony, and it is no wonder that it is staggering under such a strain on its resources as is thereby created. Great Britain's National Debt.-The annual returns, showing the reduction in the National Debt during the year ended March 31,1887, and the amount of the debt at that date have just been issued. The National Debt Commissioners received from the Treasury a total sum of £8,414,834, of which £8,192,426 fell under the head of terminable annuities, £2,620,979 representing interest, and £5,565,457 repayment of capital. A further sum of £289,442 waB received from other sources, chiefly by way of composition for stamp duty, and of this £288,251 was applied in cancellation of debt, the amounts cancelled being ; Consols, £30,537; Reduced Three per Cents., £161,980 ; New Three per Cents £95,734. The gross value of the National Debt on March 31 last was £738,176,039, of which £637,037,640 was funded, and the balance of £100,538,399 was unfunded. Of this balance £81,123,148 consisted of Terminable Annuities, all of which will have fallen in by August, 1908. The annual charge for them is at present £8,218,677. The icmainder of the abovementioned balance con- sisted <of Exchequer bills, £5,161,000; Exchequer bonds {Suez Canal), £3,275,900 ; Exchequer bonds (Cape loan), £400,000 ; Treasury Bills, £8,681,000. and deficit to savings banks and friendly societies accounts on November 20, 1886, £1,897,351. From the gross value of debt must be deducted £28,136,298 on account of " loans recoverable," and £3,532,040 on account of nominal value of Suez Canal shares, so that the, net value of the debt ia elna Km mi Nobthebn Ï2BEIT0ET EüBiES.-The Evening News prints a telegram from Adelaide, which re- lates to a find of what are designated rubies in the Northern Territory. The leader of the search party was Mr. Pearson, and they have stones, de- clared by experts in Adelaide to be rubies, valued at £60,000. One stone is said to be worth £6000 This is to be taken to Melbourne to be tested. The 6ceneofthe discovery ia Barrow Creek, 1300 miles [ from Adelaide. j f Publications to Hand.-We have receiver! " The Annual report of St. Vincent's Hospital }"" and the Australian LAcdertafel, a publication con- taining prose, verse and musical selections for amateur entertainments. The number Moro us is No. 2 of Vol. 1, and to us its interest centres ia the fact that the first piece of music is a song the words of which aro composed by Mr, A. Holden, of Gresford. The title is '* Women's Eyes," and the verses are smooth, graceful and sweet. St. Paul's Parish Club.-On Friday evening a meeting of the committee who are seized with the work of inaugurating a social parish club met ia St. Paul's parsonage under the chairmanship of the Kev. T. D. Warner, the incumbent of the parish, who will hold the position of president of the insti- tution. All the official members of the committee wore present. The rules were finally adopted, and they are to be printed, so that intending members can make themselves acquainted with their nature» A number of members were elected. The club, though connected with the parish, and to be man- aged by a committee of officials connected with St. Paul's and parishioners, is open to all denomina- tions-males over 15 years of age can become mem- bers, but they have to be elected by the committee, so that any of objectionable habits will be excluded. The roora at present is to be opened on three even- ings and two afternoons of the week. A second ballot of members takes place this (Tuesday) even- ing, and the opening of the club is fixed for Tuesday next. EcoNTBio Estmebson's Entebpeibe.-He who has taken unto himself the soubriquet of " Little Emmerson" has discovered a new and effective method of lowering tho rents in the neighbourhood' of the palatial edifice which he designates his " Big Shop." Let our reodors lend us a spare ear and we will unfold the mystery : Emmerson plays the mouth organ with his nasal organ. Harry's noss was always a thing of beauty, but is now a joy for ever. When the residents close to his, premises first heard the weird notes of this remarkable com- bination a thrill of keen and most poignant anguish wrestled with them. Alongside it the music of the Salvation Army is but a mere circumstance. Last evening, however, gloom corrugated the marble brow of Emmerson. His life has been threatened by some furniture dealers and makers, he tells us,, and the only reason is that he advertises that chairs are procurable at his " big shop " for a shilling each. Who will not now have a drawing room suite ? But although sadness lurks round his premises in company with satisfied customers, Emmerson still does business in everything, and if, he has not got it he knows where to find it. Pianos, fancy goods, the new ^tyle di furniture, and his remarkable bugle, are Harry's favourite weapons for this week only.-Advt. The Bepobted Death op Ladt Stuabt.-A recent cable message announced the death in Lon- don of Lady Stuart, widow of the late Sir Alex- ander Stuart, formerly Premier of New South Wales, The report, however, has been contradicted,. It would seem that it is Lady Sturt, wife of the explorer, not Lady Stuart, who has died. An official communication has been received from the I Acrent- General to that effect. "The Branxton Lad."-From Mr. E. Tipper,. we have received on behalf of Mr. W. Eeay o£ Newcastle, copy of the latter's ballad, " The . Branxton Lad," a piece of vigorous and graphic. verse. The tale is grim enough. A young man. returning home from a visit to his sweetheart, an innkeeper's daughter, residing in the neighborhood. of Flodden Field, had lost his life, and his remains never having boen found, were supposed to be hidden in a deep glen or pit. This supposition waa. based on the appearance of a ghost, which was said to hover about that particular place. The girl,, who was spoken of as a bonnie lass, still brooded notwithstanding her many offers, over the memory* of her lost love. One suitor had been so persistent and urgent in his attention that the young woman gave her consent, but when the time arrived Bho? shrank from the contract, saying, " I may give my hand, but never my heart, for that is away in yon' deep, deep glen." The disappointed lover, in his rage and desperation, vowed to visit the haunted' place at the dead hour of the night and prove " there was no ghost or anything else," declaring,. with many expressions of levity, that, it} the event of the spirit making its appearance, "he would' invite it to drink with him," and in return " he would sing to the ghost a song of love, and other- wise entertain it." The inmates of the inn became . alarmed at his rashness, and begged him to stay his purpose. "No," Baid he, "I shall soon be back to destroy the belief in the Btory of the Branxton lad." But, alas ! the spirit answeaed his third call, the terror-stricken horseman fled, the ghost, on his phantom steed, followed him, and' dashed out his brains with a club. Mr. Eeay tells, the tale vividly and much in the old fashioned" ballad style. Horse and Cattle Brands.-The second notifi- cation ci the first quarterly list of horse and cattle brands for the year 1887 appears as a supplement' to the Qaeette dated Tuesday, July 12. " The Blackville Correspondent."-The letter has been addressed to the wrong newspaper office. The Unemployed.-A Sydney evening paper contains an article by a magistrate, which describes the unemployed engaged at the National Park as employing their pay day in getting drunk, in fight- ing, and in general lawlessness. The scene the writer 'depicts is a disgrace to civilisation. The Governoe in Adelaide.-Lord Carrington,, with the Hon. J. F. J3urns, arrived in Adelaide on Saturday morning, and was enthusiastically re- ceived. At noon he was formally received at the Jubilee Exhibition, and was entertained at a light rnfpnf.înn The Cost op English Eotaltt.-In an article in the Yorkshire Weekly Post are published some instructive figures relative to the -cost of the English monarchy. Those who desire to substitute a republic on the ground of economy have a crush- ing blow in this article. The aggregate expenditure in England on the Boyal Family is £563,000 yearly. But, as the Crown Lands which the Queen sur- rendered at her accession, yield an annual income of £380,000 net, it follows that the cost of royalty is only £183,000 per annum. Now the United States, a republic, cannot be governed under a cost of£683,275, for it must be remembered that if there is no array of Boyal Princes to pay in America there are hundreds of salaried senators* representatives, Ac, besides the President, and the Governors of States. Another Eepublic, that of France, costs £450,000. . We do not agree that the full payment to the Boyal Family is necessary, and it might be possible to effect a reform in this respect. But it is not at all evident that changing the constitution would spare the public purse. Com- paring great monarchies, that of England is cheaper than many. Bnssia bleeds to pay its Imperial Family £2,000,000 a year ; the Emperor of Austria \ takeB £930,000 ; the King of Italy, £650,000 ; the Emperor of Governor and his family £600,000, Advocates of a Eepublic must therefore base their faith on an assumed superior efficiency : it is not cheaper than monarchy. And we venture to think that «n the score of efficiency it has no advantage} ~S. Joitrr-a Church, Hinton.-A very handsome Irass eagle lectern was used for the first time at this Church on Sunday week. The Bov. B. &. Goddard, in the course of a sormon on " ^oiamff forth the word of life," referred to the git which they had that day accepted into God's house, ana dedicated to his service. The lectern is given by the children of Mrs. Elias Christian, and the in Bcriptton round the base reads thus:-"Te.tue glory of God, and in memory of Mary S. Christian, who died at Lucerne, Switzerland, Sep. 4,,!»»&. . This lectern is dedicated by her surviving children, F. W. Christian, of Balliol ¿oil., Oxford, and Clara louise Christian, 1887." Smioi» AcciDKNT.-On Saturday, shortly after .midday, an accident of a serious character hap- pened to William Peyton, *Ut*tabV'»" f**\ S. L. Peyton, of West Maitland. The little Mow was riding a horse, with only a rug on, inapaddock near his father's residence, when the horse became startled, and young Peyton fell off. The horse seems to have tod «pon on. of the little fellows arms, breaking the bone just above the elbow joint. The services of Dr. Bussell were called in, the frac- ture reduced, and the little patient is getting on favourably under the care of his medical attendant. Pabcem Posr.-ArratigementB have been made with the Imperial Government by which the New South Wales authorities will send parcels by post to places in Canada, a list of which appears in the ilatette of Friday. Forfeited Conditional Pubchasbs.-A supple- ment to the Gatette, dated July 20, contains a list of conditional purchases which have been forfeited. Death tkom Alcoholic Poisoning.-A young married woman, Bebecca Maud Castelli, who has boen residing with her husband at West Maitland for some time, expired somewhat suddenly on Sun- day in the following circumstances, which are peculiarly sad. The unfortunate woman was 28 years of age, and a native of Manchester, England. She was married some ten years to Mr. Peter Antonio Castelli, a jeweller, who is carrying on business in High-street. During the whole of her wedded life she was more or less addicted to drink,, which she at times took to excess. For some days past she drank very heavily, and scarcely ate any- thing. Her husband was obliged to give her money to provide herself with alcoholic stimulants, other- wise submit to her violent behaviour. On some occasions as much as six shilling's worth of liquor was purchased for her in a day. On Saturday tho deceased was able to sit up, but dur- ing the whole of Sunday she was confined to her bed, and continued drinking from a bottle which was by the side of the bed. About six o'clook in the evening Mr. Castelli went into the bedroom, and saw his wife lying apparently asleep. He spoke t» her and receiving no answer, he put his hand upon her, and then thought that something was wrong. He summoned . young Mr. Stevenson, who felt the woman's pulse, and suggested that a doctor should be summoned. Dr. B. G. Alcorn was sent for, and came almost immediately to the house, Death had then taken place. Dr. Alcorn had attended the deceased during her confinement, about six weeks since. A few days after her confinement he had reason to believe that the deceased had taken brandy, and administered a caution. About a fortnight ago Mr. Castelli Bought the doctor's advice respecting ffeio casa of his (Costellos) wife, who «vos suffering (om the effects of excessive drinking. The husband then expressed a fear that something might happen to her, owing to the state in which she was at the time. Dr. Alcorn examined the body on Sunday evening, and Baw that there was not the slightest mark of violence thereon. The body, however, was very much emaciated, and on a chair beside the bed was a cup containing brandy, another filled with tea, and a plate of meat and vegetables. The tea and edibles had apparently not been touched. These facts were elicited at an inquest, held before Mr. A. Vindin, coroner, at Mr. Boarke's Golddiggers' Arms Hotel, yesterday fore- noon. Dr. Alcorn added that he was aware from his professional attendance upon the deceased that her heart, liver, and other organs wore more or less diseased. He was of the opinion that it was the natural result of alcoholic poisoning. The jury found that death was duo to alcoholic poisoning. Newcastle Races.-We would remind sportsmen that entries for all the handicaps on the programme of the Newcastle Jockey Club close on Thursday evening with the Secretary, Mr. A. A. Farthing. AU the-prizes are substantial, and a special item is a race for Cavalry horses, to be ridden by members of the corps. This event should attract some nominations from Maitland. Charitable Entertainment.-The entertain- ment tobe given in aid of the widow and orphans of the late Mr. James Grogan is set down to take place in the Victoria Theatre to-morrow evening. A first-class and varied programme is to be gone through, and all available local talent are to take part, so that the public may rest satisfied that an enjoyable entertainment will be witnessed which should bo the means of helping thoroughly deserv- ing persons. 