FOOTBALL. FOOTBALL NOTES. I [BY GOALPOST.] The match played at Alberton on Saturday ! betweeen the Forts and South Adelaides was a great 1 boll over. After defeating the Norwoods aad Ade laide* the SontbB anticipated that they would be able to tie up the Ports, bat the calculations of the majority were upset by the defection of the minority) A strong team bad been chosen, and all turned up with the exception ot WatUng, Miadleton, and Grogao, who quite unexpectedly failed to put in an appearance, AS soon as it was known tbat .they Mere away odds were laid on the Ports, who justified the confidence reposed in them by winning with 11 goals 1L behinds against 4 goals 8 behinds. Tbey bad the same in their grasp from the start. The Souths opened with the wind, which was strong, but even then they only had a little the best cf matters. The forts, on the other hand, when they had the wind behind them, had the Souths in a corner. The winners finished up with great dash, putting on 4 goals in about twice as I many minutes. Their kicking was wonderfully | good, very few easy chances being missed, while most of the behinos came from McKemde's 60 or 7o yards shots, A prominent feature of the Ports' , play was their little marking, which they adopted i with tuccess, especially wheo opposed to the wind. I Coffee excelled In this branch of the game. A. ; Bnsbby for the Ports notched 4 goals out of 6 | chances. The Souths, as was only to be expected, with their captain absent, lacked unity. Indi- i ?idually some of tbem played splendidly, Monck, J in the centre, doing perhaps more work than any one else on the ground* Iney Mehrtens was also j as good as ever, but his brother's brilliant dashes I were too often thwarted. I At Kensington tbe Norwoods defeated the West ! Adelaides for the fourth time this season, tbe final scores being-Norwood 14 goals 20 behinds; West ; Adelaide, 1 behind. Of course tbe Wests, who tried I several juniors, were never in the hunt For tbe I Norwoods C. Woods, from the Creswicks, kicked | three vet y fine goals. 1 Another soft thing was the contest on the Ade laide Oval between the Adelaides and Gawler AlblobB. The uawlers did not have all their best men present, so that it was no wonder that the Adelaides kicked 7 goals 20 behinds against 1 goal 4 behinds. The Gawlers made some brilliant dashes but were quite unable to sustain an attack. The Ports by defeating the South Adelaides have once more drawn up level with the Norwoods for top place on the scoring-list. But; the Norwoods play another match to-uay, whereas the Ports have finished their programme. If the Norwoods win, which is probable, tbey will technically be *013 of a point ill front of the Ports, This advantage will be the result of the extra match the Norwoods played ; with tbe West Adelaides, who bad not the ghost of I a show to win any of the games. If they claim pre* mlership honours under these circumstances an un usually successful season will terminate rather un satisfactorily. 'J he teat has really been be tween tbe four old clubs, and the results I of the matches between them leave the Norwoods I and Potts level. Looked at in almost any way, the 1 Norwoods have tbe best record, but tbe fact re* mains that practically they are level with the Ports, aud a play-off would be the only equitable way of settling the point. Itis understood that there is a desire on the part of both teams to play off, and it is to be hoped that BO me satisfactory arrangement may be made. The Ports are especially anxious to play and have challenged the Norwoods, who will not decide until after to-day's match. The following table gives the results of the matches between the Norwood?, Ports, Adelaides, and Souths Norwood . Port .. . 6\. Adelaide Adelaide . L§«o .5 , . IP; 60 67 I 35 | 78 | Tbe Hothams returned from their trip in the | South-Bast on Monday night. They only took | fourteen of their usual team and nine snpporters, but they were a match for tbe countrymen. On Wednesday, August 81, they met twenty-three from Mount Gambler. The game was very evenly con tested, and the city team only won at the last moment, the final scores being-Hotham, 4 goals 4 behinds; Mount Gambler, 3 goals 8 behinds. There was another touxh struggle on the following Saturday, when the Combined South-Eastern Twenty tried conclusions with tbe visitors. The game was even and somewhat rough, the Hothams eventually winning with 1 goal 10 behinds against 14 behinds. The trip was a most enjoyable one, the visitors being treated splendidly. Several enter tainments were arranged for their delectation, and they were publicly received by the Mayor. The only 1 unsatisfactory element In the trip was the scant ; patronage accorded to them. They were, however, i the victims of miBfortune, as rain kept the peoole away. The Hothams went down expecting to make money, but they have lost considerably. 1 The running for tbe honour of being premier goal* kicker for the season is very close. A. Bushbf and Stephens have had a neck-and-neck race, the former having a slight lead now. His rival has, however, another opportunity to score to-day. At present Bushby has 25 against the 23 goals notched by j Stephens. Unless the unexpected occurs Carlton are sure of top position in Victoria. They defeated Melbourne , after a good struggle last (Saturday. The scores , were respectively 6 goals 8 behinds and 1 goal 8 I behinds. Geelcng debated Sou.h Melbourne for ' tbe second time this season, the scores being, i Geelong, 7 goals 7 behinds; South Melbourne, G goals 15 behinds. With the wind to help them in I the laflt quarter, South Melbourne at one period I kicked 3 goata In 5 minutes. The game was splen- i oidly contested. This win puts Geelong second and I South Melbourne third. Fitzroy ran up 7 goals 18 behinds against Eesendon's 2 goals 6 behinds. ' fct. Hilda sprung a surprise by defeating Hotham , with goals 4 behinds against 2 goals6 behinds; and Port Melbourne notched 10 goals 14 behinds agai ist Richmond's 1 goal 6 behinds. Ihe Norwoods meet the Hothams on the Adelaide Oval this afternoon. The old club will doubtless win, but if the Hothams play as well as tbey did against the South Adelaides tbey should have a satisfactory record at tbe close of tbe game. They. have stuck to their work fpleodidly hitherto, but have had few opoortunitfes to moke money, and it is therefore to be hoped that there will be agood crowd on the metropolitan Oval to-day. The Wests will probably meet with another defeat at tbe band* of the Adelaides on the Kensington Oval These matches will conclude the programme arranged by tbe Association. ASSOCIATION SCORING LIST. .STJ Norwood Port ., . S. Adelaide Adelaide .. Hotham W. Adelaide Gawler 