A Mysterious Stone Fort. ( Naihuille Ameriomi). Tbere Is nothing in Tennessee, or in the south, whose antiquity is so my sterious and entirely beyond the domain of decent speculation as the old stone fort, whio.h is a mile and R-half below the town «f Manchester. The two prongs of Duck River come within, say, 200 yards of each other, and then widen out, making a territory of perhaps 1,000 acres in the forks the Narrows the fort commences by a stone wall, now covered with euiih, run ning from one river to the other, aud there the walls are builtaloug the banks of both rivers down to a point where a canal had been cut from one river to the other ; there a wall is made from oue river to the other, perhaps a-quarter of a mile. On the nut sid' nf tliis wall is a hollow, and in this hollow is the sign of the canal or cut evidently inteuded to p.-,it»et the fort by both the wall aud the canal. From the upper to tbe lower wall, ut placps, there are high bluffs on both rivers. Wherever this bluff— precipitous - is found there is no wall, but whereever there is no natural barrier the wall is built. The entrance to the fort was ut the upper end, and the gateways show that the builders were doing their work intelligently. The en trance is by a narrow passage, with walls on each side, and offsets so as to prevent tbe enemy on the outside from having a direct entrance tor themselves, and so as to protect those on tbe inside from missiles on the outside. The fort contains 47 acres, and is, or was, when the writer first saw it, heavily timbered, many of tbe trees of large Bize growing tin top of the walls. Colonel Saul Murray, who settled there about 1808, cut one of the trees from the top of the wall and .found it to be about 500 years old. One mile up tbe river from the fort is an immense mound— the largest one perhaps in the eoutilry — making it probahle that the rort was built by the mound builders. Beyond this nobody knows anything about ir. Colonel Murray, who was a man of high intelli gence, claimed to have conferred witb the Indians of different tribes, but none of them could give him any account of it, either by tradition «r otherwise. This fort is one of the many evidences that in this country, at some remote period, there was a race of penpleof more stability and intelligence than the roving Indians which the first settlers found. From the time of the first settlement, of the country there were ghost stories con nected with the old stone fort, which about 1834 culminated iu a most remark able episode. Iu 1833, six gentlemen, men of high standing, who lived in the town ofMurfreesborough, wentoutiutlie neigh bourhood of the old fort to have a fox hunt. The country was thinly settled, and tbere were many deer. After having camped out for severs! days, one night they saw strange Bights, which caused them to leave next day. They were not communicative, but the story got out, and was much talked of. The next fall the same six gentlemen, with nine others, went back and camped upon the same spot, it was said tuac tliey were quite anxious to see the same sights Ihat had been seen before. But a week passed, and they saw nothing, though they were quite successful in killing deer. At the end of about a week a inan named Latimer got Iwo.small boys in the neighbourhood, and fixing up a dumb bull went out to see how they would staud a strange noise. It was in the fall, a frosty night. The hunters had a big fire and were in a great glee. For three hours the dumb bull was made to work from different points in tbe woods at a safe distance. At first the hunters were disposed to laugh, then they got quiet, finally tbey commenced shooting. Many guns were fired. This was kept up until the man and two boys left, which was about midnight. Between midnigbtand aay tne wnoie 10 men leic tne camp, leaving their meat and other things, and went to a farmhouse, the house wbere tbe two boys who had been in the mischief were sleeping. Next morning tbe hunters told wonderful stories about what tbey saw, bow it came close up to tbe fire, and bow impervious it was to their bullets, how it changed about from an animal to a woman, and what It would say. The two boys were as still as mice, for they had stolen off from their father by the persuasion of Latimer, who was bimself a hunter and wanted to drive these hunters away. The 15 men left that morning and went back to Murfreesborough to verify and make good the ghost story of the year be fore. The story got into the newspapers and was the biggest sensation that had turned up for many years. But it got out that a hunter and two boys had scared I them away. This was denied, and tbe ghost theory was maintained with heroic verity. One of the gentlemen, Jack Fletcher, was often a member of the legislature afterwards, but this ghost story always stuck to him. Another one of them, Len Sims, was a member of Con gress from Missouri, aud was a war democrat in 1847. After making a war speech a Whig who was not for tbe war told the Tennessee ghost story with much colouring on Sims. It was said to modify bis intense war spirit very much. This knighthood service in tbe land of ghosts took place 53 years ago. All the participants are dead but one of the hoys, who lives to write this story aud to verify its truth. 