New Name for the Colony. We have received from Mr. Nicholas Lean, of Hurstville, an acknowledgment of the receipt of a cheque for £2 2s., being the amount of the prize in the competition for the best and most appropriate name for the colony. In his letter he says : "We are very grateful that it has fallen to our lot ; and it will be made good use of, as I have been out of employment for a long time, and we have a little family to support. The TOWN AND COUNTRY is a most useful and inter- esting paper, and we will subscribe to it as long as we can manage to pay for it, and will recom- mend it to others." We need scarcely say that it is a matter of special gratification to us that the prize has fallen where the amount will prove substantially advantageous. In those hard times a little windfall of this kind is a sort of help and encouragement, espe- cially when the struggle to keep a young family is severe and bitter. The other competitors who suggested the prize name will also, we feel sure, cheerfully accept the result of the drawing, if upon this ground alone. Before concluding the notice of this competi- tion, it may be mentioned that a coupon came to hand this week from a correspondent in the Queanbeyan district, in which he votes for "Gallagher's Ghost" as the best suggestion for a new name for the colony. It's a dreadful shock to the system to imagine such an awful name applied to New South Wales, especially as no contributor has ever ventured on the shadowy land for a new title. There was a good story, called "Gallagher's Ghost," in the Christmas number of the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL, to which, probably, our correspondent refers ; but the tales in that issue were not com- petitive, so that the vote goes for nothing. This matter is now finished, but we may direct attention to the hint thrown out last week in the notice of the award of prizes, viz., that communi- cations on the subject of the native names of the colony or its principal districts would be welcome and would prove exceedingly interesting as a matter of general discussion, while it might add to a knowledge of the earliest history of New South Wales, or—shall we call it?—"Cooks- land." 