beattie's apparition. lid tv C -f illnf Up ^ w»y;tWc was , . Manner of doiibt about that; In* deed,;,, .^vhjf ..should <<ne suv it tfas creeping up, il>* l»a<f croHf. if{i rflrriady;. Td. v^ST ]K1'e,M,'csT lo,,e blocks >ierij aiid Ciiiird as yet deimed .solely by a line of cmbstonca, inter sected at right angles by unpaved roads tlnit, ■ii rains, turned into canals of oozing mud, and bestrewed over their quadrangular expanse with ejected tomato cans, old shoei and such rubbish gonorally as habitually tenants those waste suburban spaces given over to thefroliesome goat—blocks m short, Which a belated wayfarer !h .J'C,',"lty of tllc Park wnu!li be apt to pass tlirmlgh ilt n nidrd or lees rapid pace after 10 0 elbek at night. ■ . f But other blocks again were always with gaps and hiatuses of empty lots between, what one might call built up. A semi-rural mode of life Obtained with the inhabitants, some of whom kept a .few chickens in -their yards. Many of these houses were divided into flats, and the sop arate dwellings brought low rents, aa yet Ifc was a refuge within city limits for business men who had failed honorably, not boingquito abreast of the progressive spirit of tho times, and for jinambitiousT young people beginning life—of these there were not many. : Now, a number of these:houses—in fact whole PWBhero and thore in tho vicinity—were owned by Timothy Pihckriey, aud it has been'said that they brought comparatively low rents. Never theless Timothy. as well content. He ltocw that the l'onts would increase by and by, And lie held on to Ills property, nod dreamed drains of the future when it would niakc him many times a millionaire. V ; .rhis prospective millionaire, with now more menoy inhis coffers than anyone knew,.lived in a t\Vo-atory .iVhito frame house whose rear yard was contingent to the t:(Mi' of some of those very houses owned by him. No one evei' sa\V tho in side of that two story, frame dwelling for tiie simpje reason that Timothy had no friends, relatives or acquaintances. He had a daughter, to be sure—a yoiing; plumpand black eyed thing, with long, demure hushes, who occasionally appeared at the floor wlion a tinman came around to negotiate exchanges of old bottles and rags. But Timothy evidently- intended to keep bin Bertha's charms safely away from tho covctoiu eyes of gallants. The women of the neighborhood ■—f°r instance, tho undertaker's wife across the :lot—were quita. awai'o that black■oyed Bertha never had a ndw'frock from year's Gild to year's end,; noj " nor a new bunnit, neithor." 1 Well, Timothy was a pitiless and pitiful' old wiser ; there was ns question of that. And, soeing .thiijf Jta >vas progressing in years, he .ought tojiaye commenced to realize," mark .and irepentof the evil of his course. Kit I It is safe to .surmise that his conscience had given him no un !easiness of any sort this long time past. His jdigeation.was as satisfactory as tllilt of ail o»trieh| and his thoughts wero pleasantly occupied with ;airy orarduoas computations; as tho case might ■be, day in aild day out-. When the stomach and |tho brain i\i'd thus iii goftd condition it is as tonishing how little place there remains fat i«onseience ill all the human mechanism. /However, one hot night in June Timothy ■ came home not feeling quite so well as usual. , :Tlie dayihad been sultry and he had walked i about a great deal in the busy marts of commerce-. Ulown tin\fn ;Vltd til tho sitlli Ho bad ik head-, jacho aud it nia.de him cross. "But after Bertha j had gotten lum:his supper, and ho' had noap i petite for it, these novel phenomena made him j pensive iiistead; ■ ■ ' j He went out in his Illicit yard and sat down. | on an ox'iii'tiil'lied barrel and began to breathe ! this evening air. > It/was .heavy, aiidPeoiip | pounded of many local and itldigeiions odours, ;n'ot all of thoin pleasant; ' On one ' side "there ■was a gap in the \\\vooden rails of the.filnco. The ;gap opened out upon several SnVpty corner | lots, jooky in places, aild gavo.an uninterrupted ! viewNif the ghastly undertaker's emblem liy'the | side of that-functionary's; duelling, diagonally | across on the next street. 1'imothy Cdilhl not : see itltUis evinmgi. • It \\\vas too dark. : Butrhe i knew it . was there, and the knowledge somehow I was uncomfortably, . A more agreeable ■ dbj^ct df ertnijaiilpidtidri presented itsoLf iu tllfi i'ow oi buiidiiigs" before him, the IWv whicli ropr6soiited a'portion of his possessions. But his mind seemed determined | to take-anew: course this evening.; ;His thoughts, ! starting from the row' of buildings, began to travel backward over the years gbnb by, and the first acquisitions which hail iriarkod. theni; For , tho, Jirst time ill—Lord 1 Kb# ltlaily' yc&H; ?—:he : thought of Deattib. Now, there was ho denying •that the first df 'liis goodducK had' begun with ; his acquaintance with Baittie. /Beattie had given him a great deal of good advice. Yes, and he was very sorry that things turned but just as they did with regard to Beattie. Very sorry,. But a man lias got' to look out' for himself." jTimothy now repeated that assertion to himself, j rising in rebellion against this suddenly re Isurreeted pang of a guilty .conscience ; repeated |it with heat. Some people might say that lio had jruined Beattie—Beattie, who had boon his first jfriend-Nind left lliin to die illl the poorlibuse ; •but he, Timothy Pinckney, would' always stand !up' and .say'that a, mail must look Out for himself Ifirst! Must look out for himself j rh' Vjthe excitement Of tHKB "uriBxpBefced j retrospective lilBilibries, Tinlothy, who had been ■sittlilg there in the pure night niuoh longer than ;ho knew, raised up his lmnd to bring it down iwith iemphasis on his knee. It remained arrested in midair. A trembling seized it. The trembling Icoinmuuicated itself to all his body. A cold iswoat beaded his brow. His heart left its normal 'place and began to thump and flutter horribly in" his throat. In a moment more excess of terror gave liini a frantic power of locomotion, succeed ing upon the first interval of paralysis, and ho burst headlong into tho kitchen, startling Bertha into di'bppiiig a pan'she held and"c!aitsiii'j}: ildr to explaim, as .she bohcld his. ■ blanched yisago : ...... ■: j QQodland:0' mercy, father,? What, is the matter?'/, . -j ; : .t: . .■ j "I'veseena ghost," hesaids-.-.i-.•••■ n5«- • ■■■•.• ' ,Tune went and July came, and with it days tnore sultry aild nights more oppressively jlavored with'the odors from the bone factories across the river. " ' The plump and black eyed Bertha, poor chrid, would doubtless have liked .to participate iu that social life which distributed itself over open thresholds and upon friendly curbstones these breathless nights. But no such innocent delights were comprised in Timothy Pinckney's system of discipline. He bolievcd himself, in early hours, as being economy in light, and six nights out of the seven saw him already in his room and in his bed before the last lingering rays of the vernal twilight had quite faded out of the sky, expeotiug, of course, like regularity of hours from his daughter,. Therefore, returning homo on one occasion unusually late—the bells of an Episcopal chapel a few blocks distant had just struck 11—his rtxuly wrath was kindled by seeing a feeble ray tiltcrin" out from one of the windows on the ground"floor as ho approached his hosse. It disappeared immediately again, and Timothy supposcd-that was the way with these girls that Bertha had grown nervous and crept down and then into the hack of the house, the Uit-chen, there to wait for his return. In accordance with this supposition, instead of applying his latch kev to the front door ho made a detour by the side of the house and came out by the bioken fence surrounding the yard. There had been a good many heavy clouds obstructing the moon light, so til at the night was rather dark. But at that moment the orb shone forth with a sudden silvery splendor, and Timothy distinctly saw some one—something—dart rapidly across the yaNW, Timothy had well nigh forgotten the occurrence of that other memorable night, lor a few days (though he had never tolerated an allusion to it from Bertha, after that one moment of horror stricken abandon) lie had been haunted with an abiding terror, which e\eiy now and then sent the cold perspiration run ning flown his back. But that had worn off. and he had recently only looked back upon u ha., had happened then as upon a hallucination which had come of his overheated blood and overtaxed nerves, his general indisposition; promising ,,m self "rinilv, that if ever bo wrought himself up thinking of Beattie and all that dead business again, buried long ago—w(ell, he would know But all this elaborate and defiant philosophy sank together like a heap of ashes when he saw that shadow cross his yard. His knees shook and his hands trembled.. He stood still, v. ith his arteries pounding wildly and his eyes star ing into the yard, which tho moon, now \eiled once more, only illuminated in a faint, and STl.en lie 'saw a ray of light shine out from the kitchen window. To make one dash for that became his only instinct. lo s.aiul there a second longer had become unbearable. _ He moved and passed through the gap in the fence He took a few steps. Something moved "hTwanted to 'cry out, but his tongue seemed glued to the roof of his mouth. g .Vain a sudden burst of moonlight- And this time no mistake, no delusion possible, lour stens in front of him, turning a ghastlj jute face upon him. rooted to the spot, stood Beattie ' Beattie as ho had stolen up to the gap in the f J^hat' other night, pressed his face through it and gazed at hint with his distended eyes, and ""floury of horror came from the house. The kitchen door had been opened. stood upon the threshold. One second she stood then she glided forward and past the apparition ind threw herself on her father s bre^t. • « Father'father / Oh, don't look so awfully! Sir—Mr.'^iuckney,' said the apparition, instead, and, for an apparition, it had a wonder fully substantial voice, thoughoue that, truuibicd ami quaked. " I can explain everything .1 you "'•'yes, yes ; he can explain everything," re peatcd TScrtiia, hysterically i " Yes, sir ? Explain, sir ? Explain ?" thun dered Timothy Pinekncy, in tremendous tones. " Who nre you, sir ? Trespassing in my yard at this tinic of night?" " Jlr. Piilckiiuy, my name is Beattie." V. IJeattie ? t see it is, sir 7 Go on." " Arid—arid—aud—Mp. Riicliiicy, I—It-1-I love Bertha and lierlliit li/vo'a iild;'1 " The devil she dora ... •' : " Look here, young man, if I'm not mistaken, I used to know, your father.". . '• > ■; iuV.rt "Oh, fathor," moaned Miss Bertha1 again, n. " Don't be a fool ?" said the old man sharply to his 'offspring.' ThenCome in,'both'of you." ..... When the trembling culprits stood.under the, dim light of tho tallow wick iii- the' kitchenj, Tinirfthy looked Be-ittie's son over Svith lynx i eyed,scrutiny iftidijy Ijitf tydbtlcbrotfa. ^ "Humph? • You don't look :.so awfully like your dud after all?". , ' :i Then—How long's this-tiling been going on under my nose?" .. ,, ,r . ".We've, been keepin';company since^las# winter,'Mr Pinckney, and Berthiiv- promised id marry'-me, .then.. . Only, as you were' kinder opposed .tocher.moetin':. young men, ;.we; sprter, kopt it quiet, and Bertha; she used to conic, out. in thoyardJsometimes;" .;• c jj.*if " While yqivsluiik around the--, fence, : eH'J"siii " Oh', father!" came froni' Bfertha. ;-^f<; y: Timothy lmd been ruminating. , ' * ; :v- •'! : He lookedrup. .,. ., V. ; " You've got enough to support ii' wife ?"' ' •" i "Yes,; ^ir;?"*'j)roudly,]L fronij the expectant bridegroom. ■ - "'.Well, ypu can have her." ^ ; " 0!lj father," siid Bertha five minuto3 later, as fathel' and daughter gained their sleep ing apartments upstairs, -'J what—what made youilook' so dreadful when' you saw 'Benttie standing in the yard ? You looked most—most as frightened as he'did ?" ; \ V If " Hold you 'tongue and mind your business, will yoit. said Timothy. And he slammed his bedroom door. He is still accumulating and rolling up his gains, and neither his conscience nor Beattie have troubled this tough old man since.—Agnes Gilford in New York Mercury. 