g&ortmfl.; [liv QuANUO.NO.] I don't think I havo any roason to bo ashamed' of ' my prognostications about tho Cup mooting. As far as I can soo not ono of tho tipstors wont as close as I did, and I will proceed to provo it. Pi rat, in rogard-' to thoDorby, ^ First of all, lot it bo remembered, that ~ I built my article not, upon tho morita of tho horsos, ' as mado known in tho pross and by conversation, but ' ? ? u. unujLO, JUL-K.OIB ana trainers, particularly tlio first two. This prerontod mo going straight out for horsos I really fancicd. For tho Derby, howovor, tlio task was oasy, and I wont straight for Australian l'oor, though 1 didn't forgot to mention tho othor forinidablo cattle. I ovon went bo [ far as to spoak woll of a horso hardly mont'onod for tlio Dorby, but who tied with tho groat Abercorn for socond placo : 'Itubsrtsou's mount, Niagara, too, wil. run in.' How's that for high ? Now for tho Cup ; lloro I acknowledged mysolf in a big dilemma. Hut wliou I look buck I roally woudor at what I did ? I said I liadj no fnit.li in Mr White's luck this yoar and thoro I was right. Martin Loaghlin gava m« groat troublo, bat I said Oakloigh was unchancy, and I didn't know his joekoy, Fielder; though I sine. mm IIO, U BUUUU1, il 1(1 Known it then, I might havo fallon ovor thoOakleigh snag, for I h*ve a ' sneaking rogard for Martin Loughlin— didn't I win a ' cot of monoy ovor his All Fours yoar aftor your l- I noat doad against the favoritos, who woro nowhero. liut tho stumbling block wiib Australian Poor. I know him to bo astayor, I boliovod Gannou'u' luck was in, and I had tlio utmost faith in Gorry. Undor such eircumstancos I could not but givo him the pre ference. But what did I say in one little paragraph'? 'j 1'his : 'Tho horso that in my hoart I fancy is i)un lop, but his owuor and jockey uro'.agiu him.'' That ' ' was to flay that I boliovod Dunlop would win th. Mol-' bourne Cup, but tlmt such a prediction i would not square with my theory nnd modo^ of judgment. I don't think atipstor in Aufltriili-v ilid na woll! I see that inisorablo Uilby lias boon having ft shot nt mo, bocanso I put in his wretched scrawl about Tranter, If Tranter had won woM havo had lJilby whooping around, and generally slinking hands wit li himself. Hat now beeauao Truntor didn't ho goes off to hie borrow aud sulks, Let him stop thoro and getdrownod; it's all ho'aflt for. What doos ho know about racing, tho misorablo ghost! Sovoral of tho Moibourno pupora contain portraits of young Gorry. llo lnv*i a long career before Inrn, : if he's not spoilt. Goiry waa born at C.istorton, in I the Wostorn District of Victoria, towards tho ond of tho yoar 1870, and is thoroforo just 17 years of ngo. «Ho won hin lir.st raco at Samiford, near Cas torton.tho first ono which ho ovor rode in public, aud about acouplo of years afterwards entered tho ner vico of Mr Margrave, who had{stahloB at Carterton, whon he had tho racehorses Littio Noll, Hanker, and Littio Vagg. (Curing tho two yoara ho was with that gontloman Gorry did nota^oro a win, and ho loft for Hamilton, and remained with .Mr Crowe for aix months, during which timo ho won four races on \\\fair arapa nt Mount Gambinr, S.a. Ho was then offored a situation in Mr It. J[ainos'n stablo at Albort Park, and accopting, noon began to mako a name for hirn Belf. Prinrto ifmiinr* Mr Hninoa'a fctivblo. ho also won on Podaa O'kus. After tlio lattor gontleraan went to England Gorry bocamo nsjoeiatod with tlio lato Mr Job. DufFott, and from hia sorvico ho ontored thatof his prosont omplovor, tlio lion, W. Long. Dunlop was trained by that ostimablo chap, John Nicholson, brothor of tho lato Donald Nicholson, who was killodat Caulfiold two years ago, aud ridden by Sanders, who thus doscribos tho horso: 'He's an awful lazy bogger to sot going, but whon fairly started he begins to pull about tho timo othor borf»os leavo off.' About i.T4,0()(- waa won on Dunlop, his jockey mak ing a good pot, £/3000. Ho was a grand horso for tho ring, being littio baekod. though starting at 25 to 1. Tho Sydnoy and BaUarat contingents havo lost vory | hoavily. Dunlop ia a Victorian owned horso, and his jockey, who isdoecribod a*) a 'downy young man' has an interest in him. His party waited vory patiently for the day of victory, and it has at last como. Dun lop if? by Nockorsgat, who was brother to tho famous Rapid Uay, Dunlop's dam. Etta, was 18 years of nge when ho waa foaled. Tho following handicaps havo boon doclarod for tho H.U.A. sports at Narrandorn : — Shofliold : \Y. Smith, Ilay, 2 yds ; T. Pringlo, Hay, (J yds ; A. Cox, ilay, 10 yds. District Cup: W. Smith, Hay, 2 yd*; T. Pringlo, Hay, 7 yds. llamliiMp Hurdles : \V. Smith, Hay, 4 yds; A. Bush, (Xarrrndora) 2 yd*; T. Pringlo, Hay, 10yds; A. Cox, 14 yds. I am told Mr Parr has bought a raeohorso in Moi bourno, and that its namo is Shadow. I hopo tho worthy host of tho Commercial will bring up rnoro ?thanaa&wfow; whon ho comes. His shadow at all A man namod Moorhoad, a carter to tho City Carry ing Company, Sydnoy, drow Dunlop in ono of Tatter sail's £10,000 swoops. Arthur Jbuos, a consfc\bl - at No 2 station, Sydnoy, secured £4500 by drawing Duulop in ono of Tatter* aall's £10,000 swoops. 