rHE GOLDEN JOPE.. A BOM&NCE; OF THE DEEP. I dreut a drenam that wr otS all a dreasm.' Bi W. Ci.ABK RUSOELL. CitAPTEB XXVIL-(CONTIDEDo.) Imagination I Yes I A god-like tift, if you will; but bhow much more sitable for this plain world o eating and drinking and makint money the stolid mind of William Breeches gazing with bloodshot eyes, tull ol literalnees, at the vessel to mark it any damage had been sustained aloft or alow, and thinking of the foundered ship only to congratulate himself, maybe, that be wain't aboardof her. Hou much moreeuitahle aad couvenisot tohi misd of 1ill Ureaohee, which a pot of hot coffee was to soothe, and a suoore of four bourn to recrit, than the in. tellec of the Rev. Msalcolm Forteoue, cupable of sneiob sgercrtuw 1it depthngison in its threes, all thins penetrable by human tazc to their funndaaiona, aod in a few bours utirsualing out of mere fancy, more pitiful and aeedlees emoiions for himoelf, than Breeche, backed os Hiram, be cook, and the rest of the ebip'o camtpaiy could naun tacture, were twenty yeors allowed them to miaka the experiment in i fe went below, changed his wet clothee, then huelt in imyssnioned prayer of gratitude to God; but when Hiram at breakflst witih him observing thu effect of the wild and try. inou night in bi face and manner beolged him to lie down and sleep, he nuid, 'No, he cuold not saleep, hi mind was too strained.' 'Wcll, ha'i vorr queer,' oaid Iicam, ' if aler such a job as last night I wasn't round auleep three mlinutea aflter my head was down, I should ask yon to ocerhanl .yourumedicion cheat for me Bat I tell ye eqoarely, Mr. Fortescue, that last night's bosineos war the worst I ever was in, and seeing as bow the little Hope's pulled througc it, it should be aalkinu ye feel that you'voe got to know in a tow hoors more about life sod the Oreator'e ways of worhin' upon the sea than you'd hbea certain ashore if you was to keep 'on livin' till ye died at old as a Scriptur patriarch, It's enongh to make a city o' London alderman, all Ruts and gumle, take an intereet in sailors, ain ct, sir 2-all a comin' together-fust poor Bummy's drowning, then the hurricane, then tbe fouuderin' of the ship right under the eyes of our golden ancel that woe scorning sooty sea thai rolled a, her with her trumpet, nind he looked steadfastly at the pareon, for be reckoned there had beenteducation enough in the last twentytfoar hours to direct toe yes of Fortescuoe with sympathy and inqeisni tiveees into the hiddenlife of the forecastle. But the curate was in no huiour to stalk about such things Just then. Had tee hurri cane blown them out of their coarse e Wore they nearer the island than when the tempest came down ? Vas there likelihood of more fout weather or of breathlress calmsto delay the swift keel of the schooner and postpone whateoer issue was in store 1 He had to wait tillnoon, when Hiram, with his gaunt face lookineg bloated wish sleep, came on deck to take the oun'e altitude. 'hien how marvellous was the change ? the long swell ran like folds ofliqoid light to the north the trade wind, soft and hot as the lips o an Indian girl, blew abeam. It was all a crystal clearness of tropical light, blue shy over the mast heads, touched here and there bhy a woolly rag.of white cloud and water azre betwixct the swells-laughineg in spark. lag waves which caressed the schooner's bows with snowrlike fiegors and'whlch raised coot sounds all about her andin the ailr. Eight bells were made. Htiram disappeared, the men went to dinner ;Stone walked the deck and Fortescoeat listless, poale, eyes tall of yearning and fixed ahead where be deemed the island lay, and wheretheclear blue of thabs she met the softer blue of the ocean-saill the sama unbroken junction that it had been for days and weeks, an. ever receding con tinuity, out of which nothing but faith and hops could have crashed, the mockery of iteration. Hiram came on deck with a piece of paper In him hand. Stone drew near. This is where we was at noon, air,' said the captain. Forteecue read aloud : `Sixty five degrees len miles east longitude ; fifteen degrees three miles esuth latitude.' The old bucket's got the scent I' cried Stone, ' Whip along, you jade I It ain't fur now.' Hlow far!' asked Forltesone, in a voice that trembled. ' This oide on five hundred miles,; answered hItram. He redloeted. . Today's Tcosday, bill ; if this breea lasts or anything te sembils' it keeps on. a.blowin' we shall be having ynsr island fair in view by Friday ,fternoon.' Seone took a deep breath and suddenly walked aft, and. ]i'ortescue noticed firam wstcbhing the oldsallor with a curious smile. Toe ordinary seaman, Joe Hall, was at the helm when Slo' Fortesecne read aloud the figures of latitude and longltude Hiram gave him, snd be fllttered the forecastle not o little when ha entered It and relate, that the captain had said that if the.like of the wind then blowing held they would be hbvine Stone's lsland (as it had come to be termed fore and aft). In view on Friday aftsernoon. All hands discussed the subject over tbeis hook pots of tea, the blesait, and the remalti of thl salb meat left from dinner, whith made oat their teerror ; nl e, mincer might 1gahilsisas .pag t5O atr,ai5Oosb esa ns ta .tv'Ur, very eansly have chosen a mteun les dittet at ing and picturesque eubjrct for aetudy than the Golden Hope's forecast e at that time ,ffered, for the yellow light of the wenterlng sun came gushing and flowing with equo. tonal in'ennity of splendour under thefoot of the stay foresail fair in a pool of light upon the esattle; ani this effulgence dimming at itetruck down the hatchway, was re-echoed, o to speak, into dusky corners by the flaring and flaming wick of the forecastle lamp, the. ceostituting an atmonphere into which every thing looked novel, striking, and even grote.que. The movements of the echooner cert?eying and rolling over the swell as the trade wind swept into her distended wings of square seil and setudding nail, causoted the oils skin sunite etusponded against the hbulkheads to swing solemnly, and in the curious light theose tarpaulin gearments reembthed a row eof mariners, who, in a fit of dejection, possibly induced by weevils, had joat committed stl. tide. The Interior was warm, with the hot deck overhead and internal flavouring of the steam of tea, the curie of tobacco smoke, and the mingled aroma of tar, of the secrete of the forepeak, of the fames of the oil lamp, and the peculiar marine smell that ise exhaled through some occult processes, by sailors' waterproof clothes. It was symptomatic of the general uneasinsee and misgiving felt throughout the schooner at this period of her outward passage that the forecaesle hands should have talked of the island they sup. posed themselves to be approaching in each a way as if they could not make up their minds whether to believe in it or net. They had ma'eaged to find out, to guest perhaps but-anyway the perceptiont wea divided amongst them-that Coptnin Weeks was net at all sure that Stone's Itland had an existence, and now, an they sac in their sea parlour drinking tea and smoking, their con. versatlon took this form: 'Lode,' said Goldsmith, slowly pouring nome tea out of hin hook-pot into a pannikin which he tilted from side to side towards the hatch that he might see that it was clear of leaves and twigs, 'Friaay ain't far off, and if it should come and not bring, the hisland along with it, what's agoin to lappen, does anyone know?' 'Well, ne I cold yer,' said J'ohnny, the boy, who sat smoking on a chest stowed well in the head, and whose eyes blinked out round and gleaming like an owl's from the dusk there. 'I heerd the cap'n himself tell Mr. Stone, if the island aren't where it's supposed to be, the parson means to keep all on a earchin' for it.' 'Ay, that's all very well" exclaimed the cook ; 'but thank the Levo there's more 'n one to every bargain, and if that island ain't where it's said to be, then Micky Anson '1l want a word with the capt, if there's to be any narchin', as Johnny calls it.' 'Ay,' growled old Blreeches,. who was sitting under the hatch, and whose natural sourness of expseeeion took an inimitable character from its peculiar accentuation by the fluc:uatmg shades and tones of light occasloned bytheveesel's movements. 'That's all very well, mate, hut what you've got to consider Is, you signed on for a.hisland in this here ocean, and ontit that there islatid's coined acroes your bargain ain't fnl-filled up.' Had this view been applicable only to the cook, its expression would have excited a general laugh, bht as it concerned- all hands it created a very different emotion, and Johnny, Joe Hall, and Henry Saweyer stared with faces of real dismay at Breeches. 'Ys're wrong, Bill,' exclaimed the cook. 'The situation of that island meet ha' been knowed asore we started. When we arrive at the part where it's knowed to be, an'It ain't there, then it'll be one of two things for this here child,' tapping his bare, mosey breast with his fat hand, 'either he nr the reason why we don't.' * Well,' observed Breeches, who, havisg, felisered himself of a disagreeable opinion, did not think it the less his drtb to intDnsify it becanse it told as mach againet himself as the others, 'ler. the island not be where Bill Stone lays it ia, an' yoa knock off' an' ace what the magistrates 'I tell re if re have to go to law for ponr wages.' ' Whaat'e the good o'arnio ' eaich Dock. lighting a pipe, with an impatient pllfiegof the tobasco smoke. 'It isn't proveo et that Stone's wrong.' 'Ah,' remarked ths ordinary seaman Hall, speaking with his month flll, 'ye see, Jim, poa wasn't at the helm when the parson reads ont the fignres and the male walks at; If yer had been, ye'd ha' noticed the mile the cap'n cast alter him.' 'What sorter smile I' greeted Breeches. 'Whale the word sienipin' soeering.like asked Hall. There was a panee and much stolid poning of to'acco and mastication of biscait: 'Dye mean earcaostin!' enclaimed Dark. 'I war once along wich a capt'n as was Riven to galling the male by that word when they qaarrelled.' 'Well, If it means sneering-like, aB I say, it's the word,' said Hell. 'Eves,' broke in the cook, who had evidently been tnroing over points of law in his mind, ' if we was bound by the articles 5\. make an island which ain't to be foood, IlI venture to say, hard as the law is npon sailors, that nothie~' sepleasans coeld fallaw ene crew's reaolve to stop the sarch on the oronnds that the parson's a loonotic and Bill Siones 0 weak mnhelter.' 'Why,' said Breeches, slowly, feeling that the others were axpecting him to spank,' If e pet it on tbat Rround, Micky, IXdnnno as anythingr seplealsant wonld follow, It's plain enongh that we're navigiated ons what tany calls a wisiion,' he cnetinaed mootemytnoasly, 'and we're not to know that all the trath there is in Hiatar Fortescee's dream mightn't be bottled up in a man's here. Seppo-iin' we dsn'c make tire island, then we've got a eight to cansider ite a wiston, too-one of Sanes'awuisionts, andbhe aisitweatin' in the s;-t or piet» that sellera from heeha-halo cuss the word! Tners so mach elack in marny Ei,1tiehtarms that thees's no hanrlie' of He paused that momeone might complete the word. Nobody volunteering, he pro ceeded : f lr if it ain't a what-d'ye call it of Stone's it might be an inwention recommended to him oy the parson's friends to tell the parson, o as he might be persuaded to take a woyage for his health, dye see They know'd one another afore we sailed, and whoas to sany what secret Stone keeps hid ?' It took him and Hiram a long spelt afore tollin' us what was the cause of tht woroge, and can any man here, recollectin' of that, say that we hnow everything up and down, from end to end ? He shook his head with a sour grin. William Breeches hasn't been to sea all his life for nothin',' He added soddenly, hy opinion's Micky'. If there's no hisland the whole woyage is a delusion, and we can compel the cap to carry Bthe schooner home.' The cook smiled broadly in triumph. Johnny said : I 'm plaguey Iglad to hear that. I was ,laguey afeard we should have to keep all on In this bloomin' ocean.' SIf ever we get home it'll bhe a journey to talk about,' exclaimed Goldsmith, with an uneasy glance at the bunk that had been occupied b' Wilke, the drowned seaman. it's not often that things come together a they did yesterday, Fore my part, it 'ud pleased me more had they happened ealier than now, with the island within a short sail-if so be as it's there-and Friday atop s1 the bil ein'to make t in What does the coaon want to o and chnoose Friday for for makin' Stone' Island . o ' To keep toon to the woyage, Mattn, to keep toon to the woyage,' said Breeches, in a voice as hollow as hoarseness would permit it to be. 'If the parson's a man able to see a ship wreck ten thousand miles off in a dream,' observed Dock. ' he must be a sort o' wizard. And if that's his lay, who's to know what he may take it into hie head to raise out of the hisland 1- If ke don't find his gal thers he may order Davy Jones up and ask qnes. tions of him. And stand by, Johnny, my lad, if ye tose ashore, for when Davyp' done with the paraon be may take a fancy to youo. 'No fear o' my gain' ashore,' responded Johnny, visibly agttated. "Selp me, I'd chuck myself down the hatchway and break a harm sooner than mouse about where wioitne and ghosts have been seen and be in the parson's power.' Some laughter followed this but it was not hfrd to guess by the want of heartiness in it that the. boy's remark had not struck chords whtolly unsympathetic. Anyway, it was plain 'hat in the forecastle of the Golden Hope thl snpneretiti.ue feelings which had been excited, on the other side of the Cape, hut which had been allayed by the repnesentalions of Mr. Fortescua's motives arni mission by Hiram and Stone, were beginning to creep and stir again, ato..g with the old doubts as to the meanlng and sanity of the voyage, now It was under stood that the schooner was within three Idaoe' sail of the place where the island was afiirmed to he. CHAPTER XXVII.-Tuo NicItr BE?tonRE But whatever mtbt have been felt in the catin, there wits not the same freedom of conversation you found armong the men. The tret was thinge were so near their realism. tiin th?faheelteerwsr etndselerd too seesititv and acut up tO?o UtOxImity to warrant utt and frank talk. Hiram eoiecially was re. served. He was certain that his calcl tionsu were accurateo, and that he wonuld be able to snail the schooner to within one minute of thoe ilatitude and iongiltudef the eisland given him by Stone ; but be wase aegain troubled and, perhaps,irritaced by the reflection that, should the -as extend bare to its boundaries when he told itr. Forteecue that the spot indicated by the mate was reached, he might be on-e petted of inaccuracy as a navigator, and the barden of the failure be tlaid upon his shoulders ; for unhapply there wan no one on board who cotuld confirm the correctness of his workings ; and you saw how thise con. eiderattion harassed him when he stood on deck, turning his protruding eyes upon the crew, or directing hie gaunt face seawards with a troubled expression, as though thirsting for the companionship of a vessel to enable him to prove his figures by com parison. Nor had old Stone much to say ; indeed, a wooden look came into his face, and he'd walk the deck with a regular see-naw swing, with a halt aft to glance aloft, then a halt forward to stare to windward, alt in n mechanical way that proved it was habit controlling him. Indeed, hi. faraway moods, no' to nay-for you couldn't speak of dreaminess in suoh a man-were ex. ceedingly disturbing to Hiram, though it was out of the question he could challenge the old sailor's siecerity until the indicated situation of the island was reached, even if by so challenging he felt he could make him o?n that he understood he was under a delusion. It was curious, however, that the sceptical cautain should have found something like reassurance in Forteacen's behaviour; that is to say, in finding the curate on the Wed. needay afternoon, in the cabin overhauling the contentos of the box. of female weariag apparel he had brought with him. It might be that hin own anniety that the voyage should prove absolutely successful in all ways made hkin willing to put tome hope in the clergyman's profound confidence in the teuth of his dream. 'Ha !' said he, dragging at the mat of hair under hin chin, 'you've got a proper aeeortmentthere, sir. None too much, it so be-well, none too much, I dareeay, any how. How long will the lady have been on the inland? ' Nine months,' answered Fortencee, in a subdued voice. 'An which 'ud ye rather, Mr. Forteocue that yeshould find her when we makes the island,' taid Hiram, gulping at these words and aehing the question merely to get some hope nut o1 the clergyman's conviction that Stone's island was real, 'or than she should have been taken off by some pasning ship 'Oh, the latter, surely, Captain Weeks ; yet one would want to know it. But what chance-the ocean tracks areas well beaten as roads ; the island lies out of the highways, and then being a little reck-' He checked himmelf, and added, 'There are not many hours now betwixt as and the truth.' And he closed the lid of the box with a violent ;hudder. Hiram thought it his duty to cheer Mr. Fortescoe by being lively. 'It's curious the number of garments women wears sir. They're like full-rigged ships 'loebside schooners as compared with men. They piles their canvas high, and it comes low down toe-call it ekyeails to watersails If you was going to the relief of a man, a shirt, a pair o' ponts, and a coat 'ud he enough, but here's a chest fall, and nuthen I dare egy that could be done without. It's the clothing, maybe, that stops a rood many chaps from getin' married. You'll be know. ing of it, perhaps, as a cler.,yman, sir. If that there chestis jest the temporary houtfit of a young castaway lady, what's a regular rig-out goin' to cost!' and forgetting that his intention was to be lively, he suffered his large goggling eyes to meet in a thoughtful squint upon the box. 'Captain Weeks,' said Fortescue, taking no notice of this-talk, though the motive-was too plain to render resentment possible ;. 'the young lady will have my cabin, of course.' 'And you'll have mine. sir.' 'Yes ; I shall have to turn you out.' ' Why, certainlty.' 'She may need tender nursing-the ten deret nursing,' exclaimed Fortescue, brood ing over thoughts sweet and melancholy, and speaking in a soft voice, rendered meto" dios by its gentleness. ' Think of nine months upoen an island !' clasping his thin white hands. 'How shall we find her perhaps, in good health-whoknows u" God in a merciful father. I have p~ayed to Him by day and by night. I am here by His com. mands. Believe it or not, it is no captain. And then the hope that springa eternal I There is infinite wisdov in that saying. One eres the kindling of it in deingeyeso as I have seen eyes still fixed upon this world. It Is alight that, illuminates the shadow of death. Why should it not have supported her? Has not hopy saved many a life but for it would have perished? No, no ! It is not spiritual hope I am thinking of, the deathbed beacon. It is the material hope that is in my mind born of this world, yearn. log for this world, tightening the hold of the heart nopn this world for the love that most be left if loath comes. It wilt have animated her, It will be the spirit of life in her it will sustain her till I come guided by God, who would not-who would not-have rent me in seek her if she were not to bo fvond I' Although he was apoken to, although the d:arok and burning eyes of the clergyman were upon him. Hiram did not require to bo told that Mr. Fortescue was thinking aloud. To the plain seaman it sounded like an address from the pulpit so far as the manner of is went; but the manner wane hair-stirrig in its ways spite of Weeks's now perfect familiarity witb.the osupernatural inspiration of the voyage, becansed it showed that the parson's conviction that the girl upon the island wao as profound on this, the eve of the discovery of the truth one way or the other, as it wan when he made up his mind to buy rhe Golden Hope and rail her to the ocean they were in. Indeed, if ever.Iiram' protruding eyes waoted an excuse for grow ng moist they might have found it thow in the hlunt, salt, but hearty emotions which filled him when ho looked at the ohandsome, sorrowful pallid fate of Mr. Fiortescue, with its sadnesa lighted up into a pathos ctpable of appealing to a far rougher fellow, than the skipper, by the impassoned, prayerful. wistful eroreesion of hie countenance ; and when he soneidered whet would bothe effect upon the young man if Stone's Island should prove a delusion. , Well, Fir,' he said, with a certain un couth bahnluhless breaking in upon the silenoe, 'If no be the lady's found oll right upon the hielnnd, I allow it will be the wono derfullest sign of the bordering of the Lord ne any man's likely to come across this side a' the time that the Scriptures comes down so. An' I wouldn't mind bettin.'if bettin' were 'lowahle in a pious matter of thib kind, that if the lady's on the hieland' yelt find her in good health. If the beginnin' turns oat right it'll be all plain sailin' after ; every. thin?gli be as you could wish. The job is the beginning; for though I can wait as well an another, yet I'd give two good pounds in money down at this moment if Stone or Sreeshes or any of the mon 'od sing out that there camel-shaped hieland o' your minion was in right over the how. If that beginnin's all right there'll be ne'er a kink in the rest of it, so I believe. It'll be all smooth and easy coiling down. 'Tain" likely heaven 'ad start a gentleman on a herrand of this kind to dis. appoint him. Fast make. the hisland, and all the rest's warranted. The seady trade wind swept its warm breath into the crowded canvas of the schooner, and the log gave her a speed of ten marine miles an hour. All Wednesday she travelled thus, and Thursday found the wind with even more weight in it, and the schooner bending hoe shining fabric of canvas far over to the leeward sparkling blue. It was a day mach as Fortescne had beheld in his dream when the vision of the Indluman rose estately amid a acene of white sunshine ano running, flashing waters. It was as though the Golden Hope knew that the limits of her outward passage were almost reached. The men seemed to witness a new beauty in her; it was like an impulse from a fumillor object inspiring a deeper perception that found a novelty of loveliness in what before had been familiarly beautiful only. the surges tumbled in silver over the blue folds of the solemn.breathing northward. trending swell . the dazzle of the snnestine tilled the wind with tremblings of radiance, and the harp- like singing amone the rigging sounded like an irterprstation of the vibratory shining of the moving effulgent atmoephere. A faintness as of pearl appeared to brim over in liquid light from the edges of the sails, and to create a whiteness in the blue a yard wide from the bollerope :o where the azure came down tothe full and brilliant cloths In a flo of exlUisite transparent azsre. From either bow the salt ure broke awaye in a smoke of crystal particles, and it was noticed that at momenta when the gchoonestdipped her bend, there hung in the blue tranelucency, ere it was coiled over into foam by the shearing of the cutwater, the misty, golden image of an angel with trumpet at mouth, as though the oareesing deep bud sent from irs heart an s.ebm o tliumphsaa Iof."e~olld the liquid peat over whiena the aconoaer'e ligure-nead ,roudlyroae and fell. ' But the ocean was bare, and had been bare for days, saving the foundered ship, whose presence in those waters wa referable, as Hiram thought, to tshe accidens of stormy weather beatingher eastwards and eventually overwhelming her in the great torm. Never before had the senee of the, vastne and desolation of the sea been keener in Fortes. nue. He, all day long di.ecting his eyes from, one bow to the other with wild importunate seach for the island, which, he would con. ceive, might be nearer than Hiram imagined, since Stone may have misreckoned its plae by some leagues-he gazed at the limitless oea~line, tho shining miles going from rigbt and left into th e sky from he schooner' sides till the immensity of what he suarveyed filled his soul with an oppression that was like the despondency of mania. How tlse to expreso what he felt? It was his darling he thought of-that lone star amid this gleam ing immensity which lay bare to the sky for thousande of miles-and fancies of her made the ever receding horizon an insupportable contemplation. All day loo d he remained on deck. Na food eoted hit lips: indeed he could not eat. Both Hiram and Stone left him to him. self. They were awed by the breathless yearning laook of the man taking in the sea on tither bow from the bowsprit to the fote rigging. It was not wonderful, it is true. to Hiram, that he ohoard be keeping this strict continuous vigil or watch, because the cap lain argued that if Stone's Island were real. Ihoold seaman might have wrongly calculated, its situation by some miles, whereby it might be sighted sooner or later than the time he reckoned on reaching the latitude and longitude named. Wbatetruck Hiram, as it struck Stone, ay, and the men forward, ae you would have noticed by observing the glances they direcled at the curate, was tb. half-rapt, half- distres sed, expreseion of his face-such a look, perhaps, as he wore in his sleep when the machinery of his dream had opened the ocean island to his mind's eight, and showed Agatha upon it appealing to him. Indeed, some of the men thought him possessed, and were shy of going aft or passing along the portion of the deck he might be striding. ile never seemed wear_ of walking. Sometimes he would Goos toes stand, and, grasping a pin or a boeketay. send his gaze full of fire round the eta to either quarter, and then resume his walk. Stone was more affected than Hiram. The principal idea put into the skipper by 1Por tencte's manner was-'If the islands a delusion of Stone's, what in the name of all that's holy will the parson feel and think and dew when I has to tarn to and any, " WeBl, Ii can't find the hisland ?"' Hiram's sympathy hadn't length enough to go much further rhan that. But Stone seemed to see Fortce ecue in his original character-that of the mystic. the dreamer, slightly deranged. wrong-headed, may be, on a point or two, and so confiding in his own imavinations an to. make him a pathetic subject for thought. Not that old Stone could have expressed his ideas ; but perception has no reference to. words, and the veriest landsman may perhaps like to know that it is possible for the humblest and most unlettered sailor to have fancies and understandings of things which, if robed in Miltonic language, would discover the regality of Miltonic thought. Hence there was mingled with Stone's compas sionate fear that the curate's dream might prove nothing but a delusion, a reverence for and awe of the sort of transformation that had been wrought in him by his silens', his restlessness, his passionate viligance, the strange expression in his face, startling for it indefinableness. Hiram noticed the fascination with which the old sailor would, notch the clergyman, swiftly sinking or diverting his gaze if Fortescue looked his nay ; and it rendered the skipper more and more dubious of ' Bill's Island' as a fact. 'Depend upon it,' he thought to himself,. 'this here manner of the curate's is appealing to Bill's capacity of acting under delusiona hietelf. A pretty look out if the island's a lie I But I don't carel There's no con. elomeratin' of the sun's haltitude. I-f-my navization ain't accepted he must ship another cop'e.' And Mr. Fortescue himself Welt, he wOO 'veriahly reetless, as how could he failto be. inee, if the breee held, next day was to eshow tint the litnit ol his long, long mooneyg, and o verifo or dinprove the nmostvital part of hie eonderfol dream! It ann not unnatural that e could not eat; or that, ighting with hbe 'earful doubt inspired by Hiram that Stone's sland was a flight of senile imraginafon, he ihould keep a thirsty gaze fixed npon the tea-line Ior any shadows which migbt ariseo here, soothing his present dread on ultimate lisappointment by the anticipation ol hbiram'i reckoning; or that he could not aent, eeing what to-morrow might signify, and how nfast todays wae wanin. His min was agnitated to its depths. The lookh upon his face of hnman distress minoled with spiritual hope, was the fired shadow indi lelings correspondigo with and combining to that morbale.liks bixty ol facial revelatioe. The chill o fear corrected the arodency of imereinutir, or marty times hs must haer eroken into traneport byg thinskie of the meting-if she were there to receive him. The eon sank in olory; the bussntg crim. so floated to the zenith, nsd a bright star io the east Ilashed diamond lie throne b the oind that blew on the as chooner'ns starboard beam. The sylendour qolckly ied, the oreasgetinteod foam fadtd into a piiid glimmering alongside, and Ins resba wind dm:e5 the ruebing schooner nundr a sky of velvet black, brilliant with rbhe, with hers and thee a lteam-like clond, thatlookeia li.ke a dim ned infntrel remote chustlla io. The iouence of Fortescus's manae as upon the veosel, and it was to be strangel olt when the liquid lominons dusk came eown in the hush asof expectation, tbone lt there wrre fiserce of men mnvieg forwrard, and the clowiag tips of tobacco-pipes. It wos sach weather as needed o 'standie by,' re', insteadof moilius themselves awag fir~ a esnooe in odd corners, the watch on deck lihtly trod here and there, peering over the side at the lea-line with a kind of anxious criosity in their way, as thonRu thep had borrowed from the clergyman the eelingthat the island might be made out agalnatlthe low down sTars at san moment and they conuld not rest for the desire to see it. and what might show epon it even in tbh darknees, so foll of the supernatoral was the idea of ic to them. Sometimes there would ba a faint glare ,o lightning in the south west, like the dim -been of some giiantic viofet-tinted lamp lashed upon the sky from behind the sea;. again and ugnin meteors of msgnifonsea. trailiegr oloude of splendour, swept theta sparkling dust under the staro, and Forte~se. thought o the hriht exhalation that had leapt ned soiled arid vanlohed nves lbs mast heads of the Verolam as he marked her melting into the dock past the English Fore land. The water was fiery with pkosphornBe iod standing to leeward whenever tha, echeosre clove a longer sea than usual, yOm'b mark the brasay elare rinieg to the roandw cloths,, and for the moment making the whole configuration of the fabric ghsatle with this churchyard radiance ac It Isanca under the sweepioe staro. From time to time the log was hove, and this was the only foature of the schooner's life that l'ortescne seemed to notice ; the rattling of Ibseesel wan a summoni to him; he wonlI start and go to the lee quarter, and there stand like a spectre-save but for hisaleep loe. eres, which ohone eleamlog to the boll's-ore the man who turned the glass kel& to show the running of the sand whilsi Stone or Hiram dragged in the length of the line throngh the glittering eddrins spangle of the wake; and whenever the speed wae named he moved forward again, shiftinf from side to side just hefnre the mainmast with reats between, which he'd take with his arms croesed upon the rail, staring aog into the windy, etarlit night. (I0 oc CcOTINyED.)c 