ON THE. LOOSE. This is the term which may bo used to doscribo tho condition of our mombors of Parlia ment, from the Premier downward to tho member most insignificant; Tho Premier is up West, two of his colleagues have started aoross country to Adelaide searching for rabbits and anything elso thoy can find, Mr. Dibbs has gone somewhere 'for throe wooks beyond reuch of tho newspapors, Mr. Haynes is in Mudgeo, and others are running here, thoro, and everywhere, on tho railway passes which thoy hold by virtue of their membership. Not that they aro ' on the loose' ns a. periodical boozileor gets on it, for thoy don't drink — oh, no ! — unless it is at somo body else's oxnenso ; but they aro free from the tics and hoavy burdens of State work. And, poor follows, they required rost after all the toils and troubles of tho session, now closed. I was in hopes that some of them would givo up tho ghost before the sossyn closed, and thus have freed the country from tho irritating blister of thoir interminable talk ; but, alas, they survived the exertion and will doubtless return with second wind. Tho man would be a public benefactor who would invent eomo process by which tho, at times offensive, stream which pours forth from certain members could bo converted into a solid. It would sell well as manure for somo of tho/worked out farms in tho North. / ? I ? A MONUMENT. Sir Henry Purkos was remarkably playful at Molong, and ho gavo Mr. Dibbs a toss or two with his velvotty paw that further proved his ability in tho tossing line. Speaking of tho efforts which tho Government had mado to bring expenditure and receipts somowhat level, and of the difficulties which thoy had to moot, he said : — ' Although tho Govornmont had not yet dealt with the deficit in rovomte, thoy woro in a fair way of making tho revenue meet the expenditure without any increase in the deficit. Their way of meeting the deficit might bo ox plained in a few words. They wished to let it ' stand over for a short time as a kind of Dibbs monument, a kind of obelisk to the dofunct Treasurer, who in tho course of throe yoars con trived to heap up this deficit at something liko a tune of £800,000 por year. Thoy hoped to extinguish tho doficit in throe or four years by tho savings between revenue and expenditure, and thoy thought thnt a wiser plan than to im poso now burdens on tho people for tho purposo of paying it off at onco.' Ho evidently thinks it would bo a pity to lot Dibbs die out of to mombranco. In roforenco to the prosont con dition of partios in this colony, he said that tho Stuart Government took office in 1883 as froe tradors, but sinco then thoy had gradually hauled down thoir colours, and ono after another had gono into tho. land of Fog. Mr. Dibbs had strink his colours last, and no boliovod, if re ports woro true, that ho was seon tho other day going into the land of Fog. Tho ono only of tho Opposition party who soeined to adhero to tho opinions he hold was Mr. John 'Want, who stood alone as a solitary man of Ms party as far as this change of opinion was concerned. It was certainly not a pleasant thing to look on any party in political lifo as a kind of turncoat brigade, but the wholo party had dosortod from the cause which only a fow years ago they had espoused with more warmth than they espoused their now opinion. But thoro are turncoats and turncoats, and while I do not for a momont think that Mr. Dibbs turned his from honest conviction, I cannot placo all who liko him have forsaken the free trado party in brackets with him; and it would bo well for both partios if they gave each other more credit for honesty when dosorting ono sido for tho othor. ? A DEFENCE. Tho Cit3r Fathers aro naturally indignant that a Sydnoy paper should say that tho streots of Bathurst aro bad, and somo of them assert that thoy nro bettor than tboso of othor places. Well, I havo not travelled a great deal, and thoroforo cannot contradict whnt any gontloman of much trnvol may say concerning the subjoct. But if tho streots of Bathurst are not bad, thon Hoaven help tho peoplo who liyo in places whoro the stroets are worse. I give tho Aldor men credit for doing thoir best to make things bottor, and acknowlodgo. that it is not thoir fault if tho work is greater than they can com pass ; -but at tho samo timo I would romind thorn that it doos not follow that becauso they do not seo mud or have to wade through it, having thoir own stroots woll looked after, therefore mud doos not exist. I will undortako to pilot tho Aldermon along ono stroot which will mate them think they have boon transported back to the old days when mud was so (loop and thick that thirty bullocks wore ncedod to drag out a dray. Virtuous indignation is cheap, but if tho aldermen protest too much tho ratepayers will begin to think that they aro really responsible for kooping tho stroots in ordor. NEXT WEEK Is likely to bo a lively ono. Tho court will sit and barristers will nir thoir oloquonco iu tho Hall of Jusfico, Mr. David Buchanan will orate in tho Oddfollows' Hall. Dr. Cortis' friends will ' liquor up ' in the Hall of tho School of Arts; and numerous other littlo things will con tribute to mako things more livoly than thoy have beon lately. All will have tshoico ; and they can oither feast on law from Judge Docker, on facts and fiction from Buchanan, or turkey soasonod by valedictory speech, and served up by friend Hogowald. Thoy will bo fortunate if they can taste of oacli without bringing on a fit or indigestion of the horrors. It was Gray, I think, who said — Vnriety'a the source of joy below, ITrom which Btill fresh revolving pleasures flow. 