GREAT'BRITAIN. MR. GLADSTONE ON THE IRISH . QUESTION. Mr. R. H. Causton, the Liberal candidate for West Southwark, invited the members of the Executive Committee of the London Liberal and Radical Union to meet Mr. Gladstone (says the Freeman's Journal of 6th August) at dinner at the National Liberal Club last week. Mr. Gladstone, who was accompanied by Mrs. Gladstone, and was received with prolonged cheers, said in the course of his speech:—Gentlemen,—How does the case stand P You are only twelve months from the last dissolution, and already, by looking at the evidence, I do not say it is absolutely demonstrative, but it is sound as far as it goes—it is diversified and it is not cooked— (laughter)—within twelve months of your annihilation you are able to point to a remarkable, a strong, and a determined movement in your favour. (Cheers.) I will refer to THBEE . POINTS briefly. You will remember that on the general election an objection was taken in almost every quarter, and certainly in almost every Liberal quarter, to the proposals we had. made, by Imperial credit, to buy out the landlords of Ireland, or to enable them to buy themselves out, if they were so disposed. I am not going to defend that plan, gentlemen. (Laughter.) 1 leave it aside entirely, but i ventured after consultation with those of my friends who I thought could be taken as representative, and ventured publicly and notoriously to express the opinion that it was practicable for us to frame a scheme of land purchase in Ireland adequate for the occasion which should not impose the burden upon >ly was an important announcement. We] ill, then, there has been a 1 tremendous interest on the subject of the retention of Irish members at Westminster, and there again I believe I think I may say I have the opinion of my coadjutors and colleagues when I refer, to the fact that in Wales a few weeks ago I deolared that we entirely renounced all adhesion to any foregone conclusion on the subject of the retention of Irish members at Westminster which could possible with the granting oT a fe effectual measure of Home Rule b S T w T } e re,ent on of at Westminster ? is a matter ^sh member- in Scotland and Great Britain h a A right to a determining voice, and we as much disposition to defer to it as if J' had never mixed in any way with 1 subject ItisinouropLn.Vit which it would be unwise to attempt his moment to cast into stereotyped for® from trom U the \ e J%- time re peri when i. ap8 *any et resnnnJki tofi overnment will be in a i&SffiJ; any settlement of Home tfule (Cries of " No, no.") Well, it may beyou cannot tell-(laughter)- ail d J a ^ ust be very incompetent, indeed, fo, public duties who will ever allow himself to be inveigled into so unwise a course as to make premature judgment upon nnh e affairs. But what I say is, that the supreme and paramount consideration still is Home Rule for Ireland, and anv uestion with regard to the exclusion r retention of Irish members at estminster never will be allowed to be used to interfere with the ttainment of that one object. (Cheers) On a third point we have made an im. portant declaration, though it really amounted to no more than this—we have referred to the language in which we originally proposed Home Rule. Attempts have been made—attempts that will never receive sanction in this hailin this hall which is a temple and sanctuary of religious liberty—yet attempts have been made to stir up Protestant bigotry. When I speak of Protestant bigotry, all bigotry is the growth of narrow minds, and of that advantage has been taken, and we are told of the horrors that are impending over our Protestant brethren in Ireland. (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, if you ask me my belief about those horrors, I could give it in a very few words. I do not believe the Protestants in Ireland expect it, because their language in the North is this —" We are opposed to Home Rule, but if there is to be Home Rule, we will never separate our lot and destiny from the destiny of these islands." On that subject, gentlemen, we have said all that we can say, and even those who findfault with us take good care not to bind themselves any further. We have said over and over again from the'first to the last that if there were a disposition to sever some portion of Ireland which may be found, and which may fairly be called, a Protestant part of Ireland, and if the public desire and mind of that portion be in favour of that severance, we will not stand in the way. (Hear, hear.) Can we say more P Well, gentlemen, I want to call your attention to this fact. I have detained you—("No, no")—by stating in some detail those three points—the use of Imperial credit, the retention of the Irish members in Westminster, and the leaving free and open also the question of the granting of some portion of Ulster if it should be desired a separate system. Now itY PBOFOSITION IB THIS. I do not see how.it is to be denied. Those three efforts on our. part have at least been three considerable efforts towards approximation and re-union. (Cheers.) Have they been acknowledged as such —(loud cries of "No")—by the dissentient Liberals P There is not a man among them, so far as I know, either among the leaders or among the followers, who has ever thought it worth his while to give one word of acknowledgment of any of these concessions. JBut, gentlemen, I refer to these matters not beoause I feel that our position is shaken and undermined by such a state of things, but because I wish to put into your minds the conclusive answers to those who still have the boldness, I believe, to allege that we have shown no diposition and made no efforts in order to bring about a re- union of the Liberal party. Now, gentlemen, I come for amoment to a more chieerful point, and it is this—Lord Hartihgton, I think, very much to his credit, has been kind enough to express the hope which he cherished, that at a future time the Liberal party may be found again united in its efforts to' carry out Liberal designs, notwithstanding the present darkness. There is a kind of a Liberal millenium pointed out to us looming on the horizon, and a sort of fa? off light already appearing, but, unfortunately, it is a light too distant for the world in which we are actually moving— (laughter and cheers)—to facilitate onr movements, or even to' cheer our spirits a little under the difficulties of the moment. However, do not suppose for one instant that I would make light pf such a prospect. I hope with all my heart that it may be realised, I kn°» the sincerity of Lord Harrington's mind and character, and I am quite sure he would not have spoken of such a thing if it were not in response to the dictates of his heart and conscience; and, gentlemen, with, respect to MB. CHAMBERLAIN (hisses and cries of "No ")—I think you will agree in what I am about to say. I think, with respect to Mr. Chamberlain, though it is possible that he may like a certain amount of enjoyment in the cushioned ease of that society in which he now moves with such a pace—(laughter and applause)—and which exhibits a very just admiration and appreciation of his remarkable talents—they are most remarkable talents—yet I doubt very much whether Mr. Chamberlain will be able—he is a young man, and I am glad to say that he has twenty or thirty years probably before him—I greatly doubt whether in those twenty or thirty years he will be able to find the most comfortable and satisfactory domicile among those who toil not, neither do they spin. (Renewed laughter and cheers.) I by no means put aside or lightly esteem this prospect of future Liberal union and co-operation. But while I earnestly desire the early advent of that time, I would point out to you that you have got something to do—you have got some business to dispose of before you are in a condition to reap the rich harvest of blessing which is thus dangled before your eyes. . The present position does not admit of being misunderstood. I have told you that nothing in my opinion could be more fair, more unbiassed, and more satisfactory than the conduct throughout the country of those Liberals who, at the last election, either withheld their votes or even opposed us. I have not a word to say against them. But with respect to the gentlemen within the walls of the House of Commons, and with respect, not to the future, with regard to which I entertain all my hopes, but with regard to the present, there is no mistaking plain, simple facts. They are a wing of the Tory army. (Hear.) They are more than a wing. I tell you this in the plainest way. If, instead of these 70 dissentient Liberals, there had been in the House of Commons 70 more Tories, the Tory Government would never have ventured to submit the propositions that have made the history of this present session disastrously memorable. It has been Liberal credit, it has been the ghost of Liberal reputation and renown, that has enabled them to do these things under cover of a remnant of the shadow of Liberalism, which under the features of naked Toryism they never would have ventured to propose. (Cheers.) It was plainly natural that those who disapproved of Home Rule should say, " Well, here are excellent Liberals; they will continue to be Liberals on everything but Home Rule." That was a natural anticipation. It has been completely disappointed by experience, because these gentlemen honestly and consistently have found their views upon the subject of Home Rule to be of such inestimable importance and such infallible truth that everything else has been given up to them. Now, in representing to you that the seventy-eight Liberals and their immediate followers in the House of Commons are for the present that portion of our foes that we have most reason to take account of—(laughter)—am I giving you an opinion in which they do not concur ? Not at all. I am simply making myself the echo of their sentiments. There is no doubt, I believe, whatever, of the fact that Lord Hartington recommended the dissentient Liberals of Spalding to vote for the Tory candidate. I understand it to be equally certain . that Mr. Chamberlain desired the dissentient Liberals of Coventry to vote for the Tory there. (Hissing.) I do not say that the dissentient Liberals of Spalding or of Coventry followed that advice. (Laughter and cheers.) The fact that they did not follow it only tends to illustrate the necessity of that broad, distinction which I am for the present drawing between dissentient : Liberalism, in .the House of Commons and dissentient Liberalism beyond the walls of , Parliament. We have hoped that the Land Bill as it now stands will confer benefits of vital importance to Ireland and .give comfort—comfort as it is understood on the other side of the Water — confer' comfort upon Irish families, and peace and order upon the country. ' How, gentlemen, has the Land Bill got into this, form P You are more or lesB informed—some of you very well informed—that the Land Bill has within the last few weeks—perhaps one week, • I know; hot how many days—undergone 1 a complete transformation. Let me explain . that transformation. In round numbers Icall the agricultural tenants half million.—two thousand of them are free to gointo the court and have a judicial rent fixed free, as far as the law can <make-'them free; one thousand are leaseholders.and it was the original provision of the bill that leaseholders should be allowed to go into court, but there were two thousand persons who are called judicial renters, persons who had judicial rents fixed which were fair at the time they were fixed, but which are inequitable by the extraordinary revolution in prices which has passed over these countries, and has existed with a peculiar intensity in Ireland during the last three years. As the bill was introduced these judicial renters were excluded—they were not excluded by accident—they were excluded by the highest considerations of honour and duty. We were told again and again in the House of Lords and in the House of. Commons by one Minister and another that to include the judicial renters in the bill would involve a violation of the sanctity of contract, and whatever might be the flexibility of Liberals and ordinary men with regard to this subject, the Tory Government took office, and are now holding office, on principles belonging to the age of chivalry—(laughter)— and that a deviation from this path of honour could not be expected from them in office. We endeavoured to represent as best we could that this question of the exclusion of judicial renters was the whole question, the Alpha and Omega almost of the bill, and everything else was secondary, was matter of detail. But we were met again and again, gentlemen, I believe up to Thursday night in last week—I am not quite sure with the assurance that this sacra sancta, sacred consideration of duty, honour, chivalry, patriotism, and I know not what—and pledges to the Irish landlords—(laughter) —had no interference with judicial rents. Well, then, what ? A meeting at the Carlton Club, a speech of Lord Salisbury, a complete change, and let me say A MOST BLESSED CHANGE. (Applause.) I am thankful beyond what I can describe for the change in the intentions of the Government; but what were the motives of that change P They are, indeed, the most singular. Two hundred thousand tenants merely—I think it is between 180,000 and 190,000 —I am rising round numbers who would have been bound to pay rents, many of which we know from the report of the commission have now become exorbitant for a term of what is still 10 or 12 years out of the 15 for which they were given —those 200,000 men are now to be enabled to go freely into court and haye their rents re-adjusted for a term of three years. Well, that is an enormous change made. Why were these 200,000 men who had been rigorously shut out— why were they admitted P Was it from some lofty considerations of humanity— was it some enlarged view of the duty of statesmen to look into the far future and to provide for it with but a secondary attention to the feelings and interests of the moment P Were these the pauses of this great change of mindP No, gentlemen, it was not the interest or the condition of the Irish tenant that brought about this change—it was not the horror which had thrilled throughout the country in reading the accounts of the Irish evictions—it was not the just weight due to the recommendations of the Commission—the Hoyal Commission, which in the autumn of last year they had themselves appointed, and to which they had entrusted the consideration of the subject, and on which, unless we are greatly misinformed, they did themselves at the period urge that the judicial rents should be re-opened. It was none of these things, still less was it the argu ments of men like my right hon. friend in the chair of Sir William Harcourt (Cheers.) It was not regard to the constitutional representatives of Ireland, to the body of five-sixths of the men legitimately chosen upon a large and extended franchise, much less perplexed with the property vote that we are here in this country. It was not regard to the Irish representation, least of all was it regard to the British Liberals that brought about the great change. In one sense it was regard to the dissentient Liberals. Yes, but how P—in regard to their statesmanship, in regard to their arguments—it was simply one, gentlemen, to the process familiarly described as THE COUNTING OF NOSES. (Laughter and cheers.) Lord Salisbury " counted noBes" in the House <nf Commons. Having so done, he found that if he adhered to those provisions he might be beaten. He assembled his friends at the Carlton, and he said I give you the choice between on the one hand the abandonment of that which we have been invoking all the gods as to our determination to observe, and on the other hand a dissolution of Parliament. (Loud cheers.) That is a transaction, I believe!, entirely unexampled in our Parliamenta^ history, and for the quality whichna called cynicism in its present and most undiluted form, in the Absence of any sentiment on the part of Lord Salisbury, when this transaction required some robe of decency to cover and shield it from the public eye. It not only is unexampled at the present time but, it will remain unexampled down to the end, if the end ever comes, of Parliamentary Government. (Cheers.) One fact more. The judicial rents are to be abated, or adjusted, I think they call it, for three years, and this is done in the month of July, 1887, after the disagreeable session I _ have described, after the Coercion Bill, after the Cloture, after the servitude^ Parliament by the surrender of its time, after the establishment of the despotism of the Government by its exemption from criticism. Why is it done now? That very same thing was the thing, and neither more nor less than the thing, the essence and substance of which Mr. Parnell proposed in September, 1886, and which was then indignantly refused. (Loud cheers.) At that time every Ministry who spoke declared that it was impossible to touch the basis of these rents with honesty. They, at least, would not be the men to hear of it. Had that been done then not one of these disgraceful incidents of the session of 1887 which I have recited to you ever would have occurred. (Cheers.) There would have been no stimulus to crime, there would have been no occasion for evictions, because every man who could show an exorbitant rent would have obtained either a temporary abatement of rent, or at least time, until the case could be decided upon the report of the Commission, and there would have been no Plan of Campaign." THE PLAN OF CAMPAIGN was one of thoRe devices which I for my part cannot reconcile with the principles of law and order as they are understood in a civilised country, but which I know perfectly well to be the natural and necessary results of misgovernment— (cheers)—and with respect to which if they be blameable, and I cannot deny that I find it difficult to acknowledge that the Irish people are one-tenth part as blameable as the misgovernment that is the parent and the source. (Cheers.) Mr. R. K. Causton, M.P., moved, and Professor Stuart, M.P., seconded, the following resolution, which was carried unanimously:— " That this meeting of the Council of the London and Radical Union heartily welcomes the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, M.P., and' expresses its entire confidence in him as leader of the Liberal party,'and its hearty support of his Irish policy, whereby the effectual control of affairs specifically Irish' may be secured to the Irish people, a true and lasting union brought about between the two countries, and the Legislature enabled to turn its attention to those reforms which are so urgently needed in Great Britain in general, and in the metropolis in particular." 