SAVED BY A TAP AT THE DOOR. My Axerxuak Cousin's Story. I never told anybody how vory, very near I wan to death that night, just n year ago ; but us I can now look hack and calmly reoull each thought, ouch word, each aot, I will writo it down as a warning to ill wuo may nnd them selves similarly circumstanced, hoping, with all my heart, that tho number may be fow. In tho Brat place, my name is Frederick Putnam. I ttm> ftnc av0 bon (or tho last ton years, tho foreman and book-keeper of tho largo lumbering establishment of William Winston and Co., und liopo to ho fot unolhor decade, unless something better turnu up. Mr. Winston is the resident puitner und manager of the manufacturing part of tho business. The other inombors of the firm of whioh bboro aro two, live in tho city, at the foot of tho lake, und attend to the salca of lumber, which we send them hy vessel. This is by far tho largest share of what tho mill cuts, though tho omount of our sales directly from thio mill to supply tho country to tho west ot u?, is quite large. Woll, one cold evening, just as I was pre paring for home, I hoard fools eps on the creaking snow outside, and prasmUly tho offico door flow open, on though some ono in u hurry had given it u push, admitting a tall, stout, woll-dressod man, with a small travel ling-hag in one band, and a shawl thrown ovor his arm. I was alono, Mr. Winston having gone to tbo house samo half an hour before, locking tho safe, in whioh we kept our books and pupei, aud taking tho key with hi in as usual. 1 hud ulicady closed the damper to tho stove, put on my overcoat, and was just in the act of turning down tho lamp— hut, of course, I waited. ' Good evening, air, said tho man, bustling up|to tho stove, und kicking tho damper open with his foot. 4 Has Wioston gono to tho bouse f I answered that ho had. 4 Whow ! I was afraid of it. Ho drew out his watch— a very fino one, I thought. 4 1 shftll not have tirao to go up,' he said. 4 Tho train is duo in fifteen minutes.' 4 Is thero anything I can do?' I asked, 4 1 wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but 1 bavo just got a despatch thut culls me homo.' 4 What oamo, sir?' 4 Anderson, of Andorsonvillo.' I ki.ow him then, though 1 bad seon him hut oncu before. He had been ooo of our I jt'fit West customers. I say had benn for tho reason that during tho past year his payments had not been so prompt. In fact, hu wus considerably behind, and Winston had that very day told mo to write to hira, and 4 punch hiui up a little,' no ho expressed it. Tho loiter wns l lien in the hruuitt pocket of ray overcoat. 4 You can leuvo the money with me, sir, and I will give you a receipt.' Ho seemed to hesitate, which noLtled mo somewhat. I novcr blamed anybody since, however, 4 How much is my bill?' ho asked, eyeing mo sharply. I answered promptly, for I had struck tho balance nut more tliau half an hour befoto : 4 Eleven thousand seven hundred und fifty dollars nnd twenty-three cents.1 Humph? I>8H than I supposed. Wr to mo out a receipt for that amount.' Ho left the stove, and came and looked over my shoulder while I wrote. 4 It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You've beeu with V'inston a long time. I can toll your signature anywhere.' Ho drew from an iusidu pocket u large black wullut,very round and full, «nd counting out eleven different piles of hank notes he told me to count them. It wus a short end easy task, for each pile cotuuioed just 100 hit JK. Tho lmlaoco was in (Ives, tens, and twenties, aud took more tiiuo to count thmn ; but at last wo got itso that both were satisfied. At this moment we heard the whistlo from tho station. Anderson sprang lor hia travelling-bag, and giving me a hasty hand shako was off on the run. I closed tho door und counted the moaoy again. Finding it all right I wrapped a pieco of nmvBpupur around it, und slipped it into my ovorcoat pocket. I did not tool quite cany to lnvvc so much ; money about me, but as Winston's Iioubo was at loust a mile distant I concluded to keep it until morning, whou I cuuld deposit it in the hunk. I closod the damper again, drew on my gloves, took tlin oilico key from the liuil over llm door, and stopped up to put nut tho light. Ah I did ho, I sniv a bit of paper on the floor, which on picking up, L Raw the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson, He bad dropped it in his hurry. I put it in tuy pocket, and thought no tnore about it, Ouly that I would mail it to him. I would have doon it then, hut as tho last mail lor that day had gono out on tho tiain which took Mr. Anderson, I could do it just uh well in tho morning, Then, too, I was in something of a hurry that night, for I had an appoint ment; and I tuuy as well Htuto hero that it was with a young lady who, I hoped, would bo uiy wifo beforo many moutliH. I hustoncd to my hoarding-house, a to my supper, and then went over to Mr. Warner's, wearing tho coat with tlin moony in it, as I did not feel oasy about leaving it in my room. Carrie was at home, of courso, its she was expecting mo, and leaving my hat nnd coat in tho hull, I wont into thn parlour. I do oot think a repetition ot oor conversation would he very intercatihg, so I will pqbs it, merely remarking that nothing occurred to disturb mo, until I arose to take my leave. Carrio wont into tho entry for iny coat and lint that f might put iIipiu on hy the warm firo; hut sho camo buck with only my ha4, Why, Fred, yon certainly did not venture out on such a night as this without an ovorcoat ?' 4 No coat 1 r exclaimed, in a dozed sort of way; for tho thought of tho money flushed upon wo so suddenly that it almost stunned me. Tho noxt moment T toro past hor like u mnrttuan, as I was. Tho coat was gone ! Then I was unnorvod. I grasped at tho stair-rail, aud caught it just in linio tn support myself. Carrie camo running out, her faoa pilo with alurm. 4 Oh, Fred ! aro yon flick I L-t me call mother and tho doctor! You are as whitn as a shoot I' 4 No, no, Carrio 1' 1 entreated. 4 Tboro, I am bettor now.' And I was hotter. I wnH strong all at once— desporutcly strong. And what brought about this ohango? That simple receipt which I had in my pockot. Anderson had 'nothing to show that tho monoy bad been paid : f<n I wub not my unaidod word as good uh his? I waR fooilsh enough to bolteve that could bravo it through, and I grow confidon und quite easy nt once. 4 Thcro, Currin, I am much bettor now, Thn room wus loo warm, I guess. So some sneaking tbiof has dodged in and stolon my coat? Well, lot it go. It wbb an old ono, und now I'll Imvo a hotter ono.' 4 But there was nothing in tbopockotsl' usked Carrio. ft isatrango how suspicious guilt will mako us. I really thought Carrie suspected mo, und an angry roply was on the ond of my tongue. I suppressed it, however, and uttorod a falsehood inxtcud. 4 Nothiug of consequence, Carry A. good puir ofgtovcRund houio other trifling notions.' I I am glad ibis not worso, Fred. Now, if you will wait just a moment, I will got you ono of father's coats tn wear homo.' Thus equipped, I loft hor. You ruay guoss that my slumbers that night wero not very sound, nor vory refresh ing. I novcr passed a more miserable night, and in tho morning my haggard looks wero tbo subject of romurk. 4 Why, Fred, you look as though you met a legion of ghosts last night,' said Winston. 4 What is thn matter ?' 1 1 had a bad night of it,' I answored, with a sickly smile. 4 And you'll havo another if you'ro not careful ; you had bettor keep quiot to- day By tho way, did you writo to Anderson?' I do not know how t managed to roply, for tho questioo set mo shivering from head to foot, and I wns so weak that I could scarcely sit in my chair. I must have answored in tbo affirmative, however, for be said : 4 Then wo may look (or something from hiin to-morrow or uoxt day.' Immediately afterwards ho added. 4 Why, Fred, you shiver us though you had tho ague, end you are sweating like a butcher! You'ro sick, man. Como, jump into my cutter, und I'll take you borne.' I was glad uf the chance to got away, and on reaching my room, I locked myself in. 4 Ah ! those wore terrible hours that I passed, and night coming on brought mo no roliof. Can you not guess what I was meditating ; Coward that I was, I had at l.tHt rcBolved on 8olf-d«stiuctioD. I commenced uiy preparation with tbo 8.1 mo calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most common transaction. I wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another to Winetno, a third for my poor uiotlior, and I sealed thorn nil. In tbo fourth envelops I enc'osed tho receipt to Mr. Ander son. All this accomplished, I went to my secret iry and took out the weapon of death. It was simply a rovolver, umull nnd signifi cant enough in appearance, but All-sufficient, Juving oxaininod tho cartridges to mako sure that thero would bo no failure, I sab do au huforo Lho firo, nnd lifting the revolver, I placed its cold, death-li'so muzzto against my forehead. It another second I should have boon life- lets : but just as my linger began to pross tbo trigger, tlioro came a tap on my door. It startled mo, nnd, hastily concealing my weapon, I called out that Icouldaaraitnoono, 4 Not mo, Frod !' 1 knew Carrie's voice, and a yearning to look on her loved fuco got mastery of mo. Quietly slipping the telltale letters, which I bad left on tho toble, into my pocket, I opened thn door. 4 Oh, Fred, you aro real sick !' exclaimed C'urrie the moment the light fell on my face. 1 Why did you not send for tuo ? Aren't you better V Worso,' f nnswered huskily but, Carrio — good henven !' As I uttered this exclamation I started hack, and then forward ; and thon — I scarcely know what, for hanging aoroBS Carrie's arm war my overcoat ! Recovering from my astonishment, I drow out eleven thousand oven hundred and fifty dollars and twenty. thrco contR. You havo huard about and perhaps seen, the singular capers of a inudinau, or the wild antica of those crazed with ruts, or the grotesque dancing of suvngos. Well, judg ing from what Carrio told mo and from tho Kppeuranco of my apartment aftor it was ovor, I ti m led to believe that wero it possiblo to concuutmtu thn above-innnlioued spoctos of demons into onn, it would not bo oxnggortion. But I cooled dowu after awhile, and just in time to nave Carrie's head a thump from the chair I had selected in my crazy waltz. Then I asked for an explanation. It was the simplest thing jtna.inablo. I do nob know why I had out thought of it beforo. It was simply a hi undor of Carrie's father. Ho hud mistaken uiy coat lor his own, and woro it down town, never dreaming that a small fortune was lying idly in tho pockot. I sent Mr. Anderson his receipt, handed over the inouey to Mr. Winston, and woot right on with my duties, a wisor and hotter mutt I hope. 