Himself Speaking. By Max Admb. "I made up my mind," said the reporter. " that if the ghost ever ap peared in my bedroom again I would overcome my fears and speat i» it, ioEtead of burying my headunder the covers, as I did the first time.. Well,, sir, sure enough, the next night, exactly at eleven,1 I heard a faint noise hy the bed, and. I looked around; There sat the spectre in the chair. X sat right np and said, with . some firmness, though my voice trembled: *l Who are you I" "I am nobody in,particular now," said the ghost, " but I was Adam." " Adam who 3" '' Had no family name. There was but one family of us, and they all knew me. T was the first man, von know.- You must have heard of S16. . " Yes, indeed," says the reporter. " rm sorry 1 can't shake hands," said; the ghost, " but you mightas well try to shake hands with a fog hank as with me. It's not sociable, 1 know, hut I can't help it." " OH, never mind,"- said, the Re porter f " I'm glad to see you all the same." "Your name is Johnson, .ain't it!" asked the spectre. " No, my-name is Jacksonj", replied the reporter. " Pshaw !" said the ghost. " I was looking for a man named Johnson; but my eyesight is so had .that I couldn't xead your door-plate distinctiv. The worst of it, too, I can't wear spec tacles ; nothing is substantial enough to hitch them to. I . wish some of you" people would invent an eyeglass that can be worn by near-sighted ghosts.. You would confer a genuine benefac tion on the folks in the other world." " What was your ,business with Johnson? , Perhaps I can-—" , , j "Wjell, in. the firsts.place, I under stand that he iB one of a committee appointed1 to get up a statue of me in the Ciiy of Elmira, I have been in to see that statue, and I want to ask Johnson where he got the idea that I used to wear a straw hat andwhiskers I want to know, also, what authority lie has for giving me a Soman nose." " Hadn't you one of that kind 3" " Why, man, the Bomanshadn't in-. troduced that variety of nose in my time! And Johnson has had me re presented with a huge serpent lying at my feet. Now, what was the use of bringing up painful-- remini scences of that -kind ? Why not let, the matter drop? Hang if I like it!" " It's an outrages v " Between . ourselves,": said the spectre, loeking his misty fingers over his knee, " I don't think much of the statue- business anyhow. . Do you know what they did ? Too stingy to make a fresh piece of sculpture opt of a fresh piece of marble, they bought -up a second hand statue of Benjamin Franklin at auction and hired a. man to work it over into me. Doesn't look a particle like me. And, anylmw, Franklin was no kind of a man to make -me out of. Gieenbacker or something, wasn't he ?" " We consider him quite respect able." ... . " Another thing I want with John . sen is to see if I can make arrange ments. with some reliable Spiritualistic medium. I've been crowded out in the cold for about 4,000 years, with no chance to participate in anything. Now, Pin the man that started this world.. I gave it a send off, and it really does seem hard that I can't even express my views in a newspaper «r. defend myself from thiscalnmmy, just because I happen to be dead; now, doesn't it?" " Very hard, hut we didn't think yotr took an interest in such things.'' " Certainly. I often fiael as if I'd like to express an opinion about the tariff, or the elections, or the .buzzard dollar, or popular education, or some thing of that kind; -and then, of course, Eve wants to hear everything about the fashions. I wish there was some way for a ghost to save a little money, so . that I'd subscribe to a fashion journal or two just to quiet her. Do yon kuow of anything I could get at 3" 1 " How would it do to make an engagement at the theatre to appear as the ghost of Hamlet's-father or the ghost of Banquo 3" " It doesn't strike me very favor ably. It might he considered rather undignified in the father of the race to , be hanging around among scene-shif ters and fiddlers. Beside, they have too much light on the stage for me; I can't get into shape unless there is absolute darkness. And then, you know, I'd be exposed to insult. When we hear a cock crow we are obliged to fiit. Now, suppose^ right in the middle of a performance, some.miser able boy should crow. Even if I knew it was a false alarm I would be so unnerved that I couldn't go on, bat most likely I'd vanish as soon as 1 heard n. ]ast from force of habit. J\o, .lie proposition doesn't strike nie. S-v.ms unfair* though* doesn't it, that a man who owned the entire woi can't call a dollar hie own " If a email loan will be of an y sei - vice to you, I will gladly—" said the reporter. "You're mighty kind; but. here, you see, you encounter another diffi culty. Where'm I going to put a dollar when I get it? I haven't a pocket about me that'll hold a cent. Young man a ghost has no chance at all. Keep out of the business as long as you can." - The reporter said he should, " And now I really must he going. The sun rises so disgustingly early at this time of year. I* think I shall go around to-morrow night and haunt Johnson, if Yean find him. If you should happen to see him I wish you'd mention it to him, so as to prepare his mind. People are always scary at first with us. Perfect nonsense, too ! Put you band out and feel me. Don't you see? you can stir all. around in-, inside of me, just as if I wasn't there> * ; "Wonderful," said the reporter, " veiy wonderful. . I never believed in ghosts before. The oddest thing is that youj who lived"so. long," should take an interest in modern politics.'* "But I do, though," said the spectre. " Perhaps you will he willing to tell me if you are in favor of Hancock or Gar—" . Just at this juncture, the reporter, j sakl, a cock crew in the yard below, j and the ghost of Adam suddenly! vanished. It was most unfortunate ! too, for his political opinions would -have been interesting. 