A PROPERTY TAX, TO THE EDITOR Sir— In your issue of October 29 a letter ap- <*> peared from "A Farmer." who is no doubt a protectionist. As this suttee is so far tattled for the present I shall not say much one way or tiie other, bat still I believe in the fur-fa*de policy, vitb all due deference to "A Farmer**" opinion*. But as be appears to have trodden on the cut-tails of the land nationalista- in sap port of his arguments on behalf of protect!no, it v not to be wondered at that one of George's disciples ahoold reply. Now, Xdoaot think "A Farmer," myself, or any one of the present generation nil see the creed became universal m toil colony, or anywhere ette; so tbare fa no occasion to become afraid of that ghost in order to make people believe in pro tection: Then, again, A Farmer" sajra it is only capitalkt? who are freetraders in the Home of Assembly. I think on reflection M A Farmer" will see his mistake. As a matter of fact the greatest landed r-fJ*-"-*- in both Booses have voted far the protective tariff, knowing that by 00 doing they woold stave off what Kost assuredly will come, and that is an all round property tax. Bytfawnteaoi capi talists wOl pay their fair share of the harden of taxation, whether it be on landed property or capital inreeted in any other war- vet *' A Fanner" think of 10 to 17 per cent for money (vide the banking- return*). Has " A FanauV farm returned that rate for some years past? If it has he is a lucky tanner. Hundred* of as woold like to bare been in the same boat with him. Bow where do those unreasonable re tarns come from? Why, from the toilers, no matter whether they are farmers, mercha&te;, storekeepers, or any other trade or oocapation; it is all the same, the working public pays. Is it any wonder tbat the country i* staggeniur under such a load of depre?aonwhOemich on reasonable interest is charged far money? No; we are ruled at present by capitalists, and protection will not shift those mOUtona* off oar necks; only make it not a little bit heavier. I would like "A Farmer" to assist oa in get ting a scheme of taxation that will bear on those that can afford it, and help pay for the protection their property receives from the I am, &c; T. G. BENNETT. Minlaton, November 7,1887. [We are entirely at one with our correspon dent as to the [?] of a property tax. —ED.] Several Paris jonrnals state that numerous cnbficriptio&B; have been sent to tbe British embu?y is aid of ttte sufferers by tide fire at Exeter. It is in contemplation at the India Office to very shortly ? still farther reduce the bomber of European and native troops in £atooab. The deputations of member* of the Society of Friends have jnet left England and Ireland for the United States to take part in a gather ing of representatives of all the yearly meet ings throughout the world in Tti^jana, It is estimated that nearly 10,000 Americans liave visited England this yea*, and it is a qoest'oo vintCKotly ducossed tow mocb each of them has spent in the country. One aatoority givtt tbe average of aaoh at £100. 