MUDGEE. (Independent.) SENTENCES COMMUTED.— The Executive Coun- cil at their meeting on Thursday decided that the sentence of death passed upon Jane Cupitt and Amelia Cupitt at the last Mudgee Circuit Court, for child murder, should be commuted to 5 years imprisonment. OUT BACK.— The well-known proprietor, Mr. Stahl who has just returned from a trip to Coonamble, gives most glowing accounts of the aspect of the country between here and that important centre of civilisation. John also asserts that the famous Castlereagh river, has been in a higher state of flood within the past few weeks than on any previous occasion since 1874; FAREWELL TO THE GHOST. — Mr. and Mrs. Large, Cooyal, have left the house, the scene of the stone- throwing manifestations. We have not heard whether the good folk have been troubled of late with these unpleasant experi- ences. They, however, decided to have a real bush ' flare up,' and a correspondent informs us the event was a real time or high jinks— on a 'large' scale. We have not space to print our friend's letter giving extensive particulars. We trust the ghost will not follow the Large's to their next abode. A SUNDOWNER. — A few days since a man who professed to be one of the unemployed called at the Railway Hotel, Lewis- street,- and the proprietor, with his proverbial good nature, gave the fellow board and lodging gratis. A widow-woman living close by gave the man a half- crown to cut up a load of. wood. He repaired to Mr. A. E. Thomas's tannery, ground an axe, and commenced to hew the wood. One of his pals in misfortune arrived on the scene, and the load of wood was quickly cut up, when they both left. The widow after surveying the cut up wood, had some misgivings about its bulk. Next day her neighbour called out to her over the fence, inquiring how 3 or 4 heavy logs of wood had been placed in her yard. Mrs. C, the widow soon explained the why and where- fore. The lazy fellow with the assistance of his pal had thrown the heavy logs from the poor woman's yard into that of her neighbour. Moral, keep your eye on itinerant wood cutters. 