T Bl SfOaif ILLSR. Miser Farebrother. By B. L. FARJEON. Author of 'In a Silver Sea,' 'Grif,' 'Great Porter square,' &c.; Chapter XIII.— CURL-PAPER CONFIDENCES. When two young women arc closeted in their bed* chamber after a pleasant day, and preparing for repose, then is the limb for the interchange of sacred confidences. The events of the last few hours are touched upon with significant emphasis, the gentlemen are discussed and judged, and their personal peculiarities and excellencies commented upon with approval or otherwise. However quiet, demure, and comparatively unobservant the young ladies may have been, depend upon it, not the smallest detail of the gentlemen's dress and manners has escaped gi tneir penetrating eyes, especially is tuis tne case upon w the occasion of the introduction of a new male acquaints S| anco. Everyhtiug appertaining to him is recalled, from the ?j parting of his hair to the ticing of his shoestrings. It m would much astonish him to hear the pretty girls (all girls «? are pretty in their spring time), who seemed to scarcely Br have courage to glance at him, speak of the colour of his |T eyes, of the cut of his clothes, of the quality of his mous S tuche, of the size of his hands and feet, aud the Bhape of If his finger-nails. No learned judge in his summing up was S'' ever so precise and correct, and the beauty or the despair of i; it is that these gossiping damsels are not only judges, but ft juries, from whose verdict there is absolute ty no appeal. fp Of course, such sacred confidences arc all the more interest £». ing when the subjects for discussion are young unmarried ? men. Many euclT conversations had ]f hoebe and Fanny held, and now, according to their wont, they proceeded to discuss the incidents of the evening, as they mado their pre ; parations for bed. ' 'I have often thought it a pity,' said Phoebe, 'that ' Mr. Kiss is not married.' I ' It is a pity,' assented Fanny; ' he is bo good-natured [ and jolly that lie deserves a good wife.' ? ' And so clever,' remarked Phoobe. f ' And bo good-looking. Phoebe, depend upon it he has ' been crossed in love.'' I Phoobe sighed, and Fanny echoed the sigh. To these [ young hearts the very idea of being crossed in love was ' terribly sad. ' I do hope Mr. Linton's play will be a success,' said ; Fanny, after a little pause. 'Isn't it wonderful how a person can think of it all ?' ' It is certain to be a success,' said Phoebe, taking the last hairpin out of her beautiful hair, which fell in waves over ' her shoulders. ;!. Fanny gazed at her admiringly, and a charming picture, 'A indeed, did the young girl present at that moment. fi ' If I envy you anything, Phoebe,' said Fanny, 'it is p| your hair. No one would think you had half as much.' | ' That's becauso it's bo fine,' said Phoebe, with a pleased I ' smile. j: ' It's as fine as the finest silk,' said Fanny, lifting f bunches of it, and giving her cousin a quick affectionate |i kiss. ' But you mustn't think I really 'envy you, I Phoebe.' % ' I don't. I would change with you if I could.' |- ' No, you wouldn't ; no, you wouldn't,' cried Fanny, I with a merry laugh, 'any more than I would with I you.' %'. ' I am 6ure your hair is lovely, Fanny.' |* ' It is altogether too coarse,' said Fanny, with pretended i pettishness. 'But, there '.—whoever gets me will have to | make the best of it.' j,j ' Whoever gets you, Fanny, will have the dearest little |- wife in the world, and if he doesn't love every hair in your } head he will be the most ungratefnl of men— and I shall : tell him so.' I ?' I wonder who he will be,' said Fanny, ' and whether I he knows that I've been growing up for him.' I It was quite a natural remark for a light-hearted, inno j cent girl to make. Why, therefore, should it cause both the cousins to fall straightway into the mood ruminative — a mood which entails silence while it lasts. f: ' One thing I am determined upon,' said Fanny, waking up as it were ; 'I won't have him unless he can ] waltz.' ' If be can't,' said Phoebe, with an arch smile, ' you i can teach him.' J ' Well, yes ; that would be nice.' And Fanny, brush i in hand, commenced to hum a favourite waltz, and took a I few turns to it, saying, when she was again before the ? glass, 'What were -we speaking of, Phoabe, before my i young man popped in f ' I 'About the play.' i ' We are all going on the first night — think of that ! ? And iu a private box — think of that ! The observed of all ' observers, as Mr. Kiss would say. I shall feel so excited — ' almost as if I were the author— though such a thing is ? impossible.' ? '? Why impossible, Fanny ? You wrote a story when you -; were nine years old.' ; ' Yes, and it commenced, ' They were born in India ,: without any father or mother.' Was there anything ever | bo absurd ?' 'i ' The success of Mr. Linton's play will mean a great :: deal to him. He is not rich, I am afraid.' : 'If he isn't he ought to be.' said Fanny, brushing with i great caro the tresses ebe pretended to despise ; ' wearing i his brains out in the way .he does. He' did look anxious, : didn't he, while Mr. Kiss was reading it ? And how ? beautifully he read ! I felt like kissing him when he was going through the love scenes. They do kiss a good deal ?: on the stage, don't they ?' ? ' Yes,' said Phoebe, speaking with difficulty, her ? mouth being full of hairpins ; ' but then they don't ? mean it.' Fanny made a face. ' I shouldn't care for it that way,' : she said, and then she laughed, as though 6he had said something funny. 'Do you think Bob meant it,' asked Phoebe, ' when he said lie was going to be an actor ?' ?'. ' Hob's a riddle,' replied Fanny, ' I give him up.' ' He might do worse. It's quite a fashionable pro fession.' *' It isn't a profession. Didn't Mr. Kiss tell ub that an actor was a rogue and a vagabond by act of Par : liament?' \ ' That was only a joke. Mr. Kiss is a gentleman.' ; 'Of course he is. The Prince of Wales once shook ] hands with him, and ho wouldn't shake hands with ; anyone but a gentleman. Do you wish you were a man, \- Phoebe?' J J 'j . 'Jfo.' ' I do !' said Fanny, with a decided nod of her. head, the hair of which was by this time elaborately done up in curl-papers. Phoebe had. also completed her preparations for bod. 'And now, Phoabe, let us have a chat.' She made this proposition with a feminine obliviousness of r having spoken a single word since she had locked the bed : room door. ' What about, Fanny ?' ' Open your mouth and shut your eyes, and see what God will send you,' said Fanny.' '* Nonsense, Fanny.' '? -Very well— nonsence. Then we won't bave a chat. Only' ? and Fanny pursed up her lips, and shook her paper-covered little head wisely. 'Only what?' ' That you'll he sorry for it— that's all.' 'What a tease you are! There!' Phoebe opened her mouth and shut her eyes. ' Don't move— don't stir !' cried Fanny, and she took from her dress an envelope, the edge of which she placed between Phoebe's teeth. ' What is this 7' 'A piece of paper. I'd sooner have a chocolate cream.' - , ? ' You ^^^^J^eU^.^eis^iNarsdioeolate cream— here's a packet of them — and if I don't tell him when he comes home, my name isn't Fanny Lethbridge.' This remark caused Phoabe to open her eyes very quickly, and the colour on her face to come and go. Fanny's right hand was behind her back. ' Tell whom, Fanny V' ' Tell whom, Fanny ?', mimicked Fanny. ' Now, is there more than one Frederick Cornwall, Esq., in the world?' 'Tnere may be— in the ' London Directory.' ' ' But they don't all write letters from 'Switzerland to Caniden Town, do they ?' ' Have you received another letter from Mr. Cornwall, Fanny ?' ' Yes, I have; and here it is. It came this morning.' ' And you kept it to yourself all this tune ?' ' How could I show it to you before ? You had hardly been in the house two minutes when papa came home with Mr. Kiss aud Mr. Linton. Then there was Bob hanging about, and you know how he scowls when I speak lovingly of Fred.— I beg his pardon, Mr. Frederick Cornwall. Then there was helping mother with the tea. Then there was the reading of the play. Then there were the songs. With all that excitement, the letter went clean out of my head — except that I thought you would like it all the better if we read it together quietly here, where nobody can disturb us.' ' You are a dear, good girl J' 'Of course I am— and you're another.' Whereupon the cousins, with their arms round each other's necks, fondly embraced. They were sitting now on the bed very cosily, side by side. ' Phoebe, I have something very horrifying to tell you.' ' He hasn't met with an accident — he isn't ill?' exclaimed Phoebe, turning pale. ' Not a bit of it. He is as well as five feet eleven, aged six-and-twenty, should be. No; it isn't that; but it is about him though.' ' Tell me, Fanny.' ' For a long time I have had my suspicions, but I wouldn't venture to breathe them to you. I watched mamma; I watched papa. When we were talking of him — it was always I who brought up his name— I set traps for them, and they fell into them unsus piciously. And then, there was what mamma said, in a pretended off-hand way, this morning, when she gave mo the letter from Fred. It amounts to this, Phoebe' — she dropped her voice, and said in a whisper — ' they think he comes after me !' ' Why shouldn't he, dear?' 'Why should he?' Phoebe stroked her cousin's face fondly, and rested her head on. Fanny's shoulder. ' I hope,' said Fanny, ' that they won't be disappointed when they find out that he doesn't mean me, after all. But I don't think they will be when they know it is you, darling.' 'Oh, Fanny! And he has never said one word to me!' ' What of that, sly puss ? I can speak with my eyes quite as well as I can with my tongue ; aud Fred Cornwall is a great deal cleverer than 1 am. I don't positively hate him, you know.' ' It would be very wrong of you to do so.' ' And I don't positively love him. I like him, just a little, inaso-soish way. How it might have been if 1 didn't happen to have the dearest, sweetest, prettiest cousin that a foolish girl could ever boast of, isn't for me to say.' (More hugs and embraces here.) ' I might have fallen a victim to his lordshin's charms— I don't say I should ; but I might.' ' But, Fanny,' said Phoebe, in a low tone, her lips slightly trembling, ' it is foolish, it is wrong to speak like this.' ' Now, Phoebe!' said Fanny, holding up a warning forefinger. ' Well, I won't say a word.' ' That's a good, sensible, sweet- hearted cousin.' '* You are not sorry, Fanny V' ' That he is not made for me? Well, it gives me a pang, here, to say no ' — she placed her hand on her heart, and emitted a comically pathetic sigh — ' because, you know, he is the very loveliest waltzer that ever put Ms arm round a girl's waist. You said so yourself. Now, confess, Phoebe, if Fred did— eb? — you wouldn't run away, would' you?' Phoebe's silence was the most eloquent answer she could give to her cousin's question, which, enigmatical as it may sound in the ears of unsentimental persons, was as clear and as sweet to the young girls as the sound of wedding-bells. ' If he doesn't,' added Fanny energeti callly, ' 1 shall call him out !' ' Would Aunt and Uncle Leth be very angry ?' mur mured Phoebe. ' Why, Phoebe,' replied Fanny reproachfully, ' they love you as much as they love me. I should feel dreadful if I wasn't sure of that. We are more than cousins, dear, we aro sisters. Just put your ear to my heart; don'tyeu hear it beat, ' Phoebe, Phoebe ?' It is a good job for Fred Cornwall, that 1 am not a man. He shouldn't have you, if I were; no— not if he were fifty l'red Cornwall. 1 would run away with you, just as Young Lochinvar did with — I forget her name, but it doesn't matter; I'd do it. Isn't it strange that elderly people can't see half as well as young? -they don't look at what is under their noses, they are always looking over their spectacles.' *' Aunt and Uncle Leth don't wear them,' said Phoebe, smiling. *' I am speaking — metaphorically. That's not my word, it's Fred's — rather a favourite with him, you know. Of course, if they asked me plainly, 1 should tell them ; but it wouldn't do for me to start it— would it ? — till things are properly settled. They will be overjoyed, Phoebe; and so shall I be ; for, don't you see, my dear, when you are dis posed of, there will be a chance for pie, and if a' young gentleman conies to the house there will be no mistake the next time : because I shall be the only disposable young lady in view. To that young gentleman, whoever he is, wherever he may be, I extend an invitation — I say,- with a cuitsey, ' Come !' Oh! but I must tell you, Phoebe, it was so funny. You remember the last time Fred Corn wall had tea with us here — before he went ou his holidav trip?' 'Yes!' ' I invited him, and perhaps you may remember that I wrote to you and told you to be sure and come and spend two or three days with us. I didn't mention Fred's name in my letter to you, for you would have kept away.' It was delightful to hear Fanny's, laugh at this innocent badinage. , ' Well, you came— and Fred came — and I sent Bob off to the theatre, with an order. Now, what does mamma pride herself especially upon in the way of jams ?' ' Her gooseberry jam.' ' Yes, and it really is very fine; I never tasted any half as good. Well, all the while we were at tea I saw it was you Fred was feeding on.' '? Fanny, Fanny ! You are incorrigible !' 'Ami? Nevertheless, 1 am right. When he wasn't looking at you, he was thinking of you; when he wasn't thinking of you, he was looking at you. I am quite an experienced person in love matters. '' Mr. Cornwall,' said mamma, 'this is home-made gooseberry jam— my own making. What do you think of it?' 'it is a dream,' re plied Fred. He was gazing at you when he passed that very remarkable opinion upon mamma's gooseberry jam. Afterwards I heard mamma say to papa, 'Did you hear what Mr; Cornwall said of my gooseberry jam ? He said it was a dream. , Depend upon it, he means something by it.' And I, happening to pop into the room just then, mamma. looked at papa significantly, and papa looked at mamma significantly; and then both of them kissed me. I couldn't help laughing to myself and thinking, 'Mamma will have to try her gooseberry jam on some other young man.' And now, Phoebe, we'wiil read Fred's letter.' 'How is it, Fanny, that Mr. Cornwall has written you so many letters?' asked Phoebe. 'Jealous?' inquired Fanny. 'No, I have no right to be; Mr. Cornwall is really nothing to me.' 'You should have ended that sentence with 'yet.' ' Mr. Cornwall is reallv nothing to me— vet .' Quite right for you to call him Mr. Cornwall ; I shall call him Fred, to his face. He will like it— so shall I.' '/How you rattle on, Fanny !' ' Yes,' said Fanny, composedly ; ' papa, used to call me a*egular little chafterW.' ??- ft^)bj aobul the letters.' 'fibw isifc Fred has written me so many ? I have received one, two, three, and this is the fourth. A famous correspondence, isn't it ? . The fact is,' said Fanny, unblnsbingly, 'I asked him to write to me, and he, being such a polite young. fellow, couldn't very well refuse. I did it quite openly ; mamma was present. ' You might write me - a nice chatty letter or two, Mr, Cornwall,' said I, ' while you are away.' ' I shall be very happy,' said he, looking at mamyng., - if I may be allowed.' 4 1 have no objection,' said mamma. His asking mamma was almost like a declaration, wasn't it ? Many a man has been had up for breach of promise for less than that. And to think of a lawyer so committing himself ! But I don't believe they are a bit cleverer than other people ; they onlv pretend to be. ' But I shall stipulate,' said Fred, * tnat you answer my letters.' ' Of course I will,' said I, without askine* mamma ; and I have. In the last one I wrote to him I said that you sent him your dearest love.' ' I hope you did not sav that, Fanny.' ' If 1 didn't, I meant it, so that it amounts to the same thing. Don't be ungrateful, Phuebe. I inveigled him into writing to me for your sake, not for mine, though I do wear his letters tnex't to my heart. He is supposed to be addressing me in his correspondence, but he is really writing to you, and he knows that you read every word. Is there one of his letters without a lot about you in it?' ' He is always thoughtful.' 'A model young man; when he comes home we'll put him in a glass case. And now we must really get to sleep, or we shall have mamma crying outside in the pas sage, ' Girls, girls, put out the light !' Don't you feel tired, Phoebe V' ' liut the letter, Fanny !' ' Oh, the letter ! Well', if I wasn't almost forgetting it ! I suppose it must be read. See — it is addressed from the Grimsel Hospice. That's where the monks are. What a splendid monk Fred would make ! He really ought to be come one. What do you think, Phoebe ?' Then Fanny kissed her cousin half a dozen times, and proce cded to read Fred Cornwall's letter. Chapter XIV.— A BIT OF EDELWEISS. ' My dear Miss Lethbridge ? ? ' (' That's altogether too formal, isn't it?' said Fanny, looking up from the letter. 'Why doesn't the stupid fellow commence with, 'My own dearest Fanny r' It would be very much nicer, wouldn't it ?') ' My dear Miss Lethbridge, — Since my last we have had glorious weather, and I have been to no end of places, enjoying myself thoroughly. The only drawback i6 that I am without a companion, and that 1 sometimes feel rather lonely.' (?? If there ever was a young fellow,' said Fanny, ' cut out for a family man, it is Fred.') 11 And that I' sometimes feel rather lonely. But we can not have everything we wish for in this world, and I shall soon be home. One satisfaction is that I am making myself well acquainted with the route I have taken— as delightful a track as can be imagined— and that it will be a great pleasure by-and-by to pioneer someone who has never been to the beauty-land of Switzerland over the ground I have traversed.' (' I wonder,' said Fanny, 'if he has anybody in his eyfi, and. whether he is thinking of a honeymoon !') ' Over the ground I have traversed. I received your pleasant, chatty letter, telling me all the news, and I cannot thank you enough for it. You are a model of a cor respondent. So you all went to hear ' Faust ' at Covent Garden ; I can imagine how you enjoyed yourselves, loving music as you do. When I was in Milan I went to La Scala, about which everybody who hasn't seen it raves. It isn't a patch on Covent-Garden. You say it would havo done my heart good if 1 had seen how beautiful Miss Fare brother looked ? ' ('I gave him,' said Fanny, ' a most elaborate descrip tion of our dresses.') ' To see how beautiful Miss-Farebrother looked. You need scarcely have told me that ; she always looks beau tiful — and 60 do you ? ' (' I come in,' said Fanny, tossing her head, ' as a kind of make-weight. Out of common politeness he could not bave said less.') ' And so do you. On my way to the Grimsel this after noon I stopped at Handek to see the Falls. I am not sure that I do not admire them more than any I have yet passed. They are truly grand ; and I wish I could have gathered some of the wonderful ferns low down the ravine to have inclosed in this letter. Before I reached the Falls 1 stopped at a hut, and there was a girl shelling peas. Quite a young girl, not more than seventeen, I should say ; but there was something about her that reminded me of Miss Farebrother. Nothing like so pretty and /sweet; but her hair was the same colour, and she was about the same height. She got me some milk, and I stopped a few minutes to rest, and helped her to pick her peas.' (' It has been my opinion,' said Fauny, ?' ever since I had the pleasure of Fred's acquaintance, that he was little better, than a lady-killer. He ought to be ashamed of him self. The least he could do was to keep these things to himself.') 'Helped her to pick her peas. We had an agreeable chat, although she spoke a patois of which I did not under stand a single word. It was very comical.' (' Very,' said Fanny, with a tine touch of sarcasm.) 'Comical. Then 1 went on my way rejoicing, and it was quite dark when I reached ttie Grimsel. The monks are very hospitable ; they gave me a good dinner and a good bottle of wine, for which they charge nothing ; only, one is expected to put something in the box for the poor before he leaves the hospice. I am up here in the moun tains, nearly 7000 feet above the level of the sea ; outside there is a melancholy sombre sheet of water called the Todten-see, or the Dead Lake. It is said to contain no living thing, only ghosts; before I go to bed I shall go and see them. I am soriy to hear that the firm in which Bob was employed has failed, and that he is out of a situation. Hope he will soon get another, and that Lis career will shed lustre and renown on the name of Lethbridge. And I am truly sorry to hear that Miss Farebrother has sprained her wrist ? ' (' Oh, Fanny .»' cried Phoebe, ' I didn't.' « I told him you did,' Raid Fanny, calmly. ' When a man is away things must not be allowed to languish. Must keep up the interest somehow.') '? Sprained her wrist. She must take the greatest care of it. ' Of course, you do not allow her to touch the piano. You ask me how she would look with her hair cut short ? ' /' Well :» gasped Phoebe. « It is really too bad of you. Nothing could' induce' me to have my hair'cut off. I have never mentioned .such -a thing.' ' I mentioned it,' said Fanny, with a little laugh. 'Trust me for managing these affairs. He trill be overjoyed when he comes home ana finds your hair just as beautiful as when he left. He will say something about it, to which you will reply — exposing me, of course — and then he will pay you no end of compliments.' 'With her hair cut short. Are you serious ? I know what a quiz you are, and I suspect you are amusing your self at my expense. I can hamly believe that Miss Fare brother has any such intention. I never saw such beau tiful hair as hers ? ' (' Thank you, Sir,' said Fanny.) ' Such beautiful hair as hers, and. she will be doing very wrong if she allows herself to be persuaded to adopt what I consider an odious fashion. You know my opinion about mannish women ; I would banish them to some distant island if I had my way, where, as there would be no men among them, there might be a chance of their rc^ covering their right 6en6es. When I was in Milan I bought three lace handkerchiefs : one for Miss Farebrother, one for yourself, and one for your kind mother. I have something also for Uncle Leth and Bob. Please give them, all my very kindest regards, and tell Annt Leth I am longing te have tea with her, and to taste her wonderful gooseberry jam again.' {Fanny had to stop here to laugh, and then she said, ' Look, Phoebe, here are a lot of dots. His lecollectiqns of (he gooseberry jam overcame him, and he went out to the Dead Lake, to see the ghosts.') ' I threw down my ran, and went out for a stroll. It is a beautiful night. The Dead Lake does not sustain ite reputation when the stars are shining on it. I tried to con jure up the ghosts, but they would not come. Instead of ghosts, ail sorts of pleasant memories took .shape, for the chief of which I have to thank your happy home. X' thought of you all, and of the many acts of hospitality for which I am indebted to you. There is in such scenes as this a spirit of peace inexpressibly soeothing, forming a re miniscence to be long remembered. The reflection of the stars in tho still waters rendered it impossible to credit their evil reputation. The lake -was a fairy lake, and as such I shall always think of it. Upon entering the hospice I heard the monks praying in. low voices. Now I must to bed. Convey^ my kindest remembrances to Miss Fare brother, and receive the same yourself, from yours very sincerely, Fkedekick Counwall.' ' That is something like a letter,' said Fanny. «« Fred is quite a Doet. Don't you think so?' 'He writes beautifully,' replied Phoebe. ' Lace handkerchiefs,' said Fanny. ' I wonder whose will be the prettiest ? Mine, I should say !' ' Ton deserve the best.' ' There can be no doubt of that ; but then men are so un grateful. I must confess I can't quite get over that girl at Handek. The idea of his helping her to shell peas 1' ' It was very kind of him.' 'It was nothing of the sort ; it was a downright shame less piece of flirtation, and I shall take him to task for it. I shouldn't so much have minded it if I had been the girl; would you? Oh, how foolish of me! — there is a postcript to die letter. Just think of a young woman for getting a' P.S.'!' ' As if you did not know it was there !' said Phoebe, ?with a tender smile. ' What does it say ?' ' Well, I never ! Ju6t listen. 'P.S. — My own dearest girl ' ? ' 'Eh?' cried Phoebe. 'No, it is a mistake of mine! He has left that out. * V.S. — I have kept this letter by me four days, and it is time I posted it, or I shall be home before you receive it. I expect to reach London on Friday morning.' What do you think of that, Phoebe ? How many to the minute is vour heart going ? Friday morning ! The day after to-morrow. I sha'n'tbe able to sleep a wink. But there is something more, Phoebe; that is not the end of the postscript. It goeson:—' Enclosed are two small packets, one with your name outside, one with Miss Farebrother's. I dare say you have not seen the flower they contain. It is the edelweiss, a flower which, always worn, brings luck and good fortune. If you will give me the opportunity when I come home 1 shall regard it as a great favour if you will allow me to put a piece of edelweiss in lockets for you both. — With constant regards, Fred. C* Here is your packet, Phoebe.' Phoebe opened the paper, and gazed at the white flower, around waich the traveller had arranged a few forgetme nots. ' He calls it,' said Fanny, ' a flower of luck and good fortune. I know the right name for it, if he doesn't.' ' What is its right name ?' asked Phoabe. 'It is a love- flower— nothing less. I shall put mine under my pillow, and shall dream of My Own. Not yours— inine ! I ani not a poacher. I will tell you what he is liko in the morning. Good night, dear Phoebe.' ' Good night, darling,' said Phoebe. Both the girls put their flower of love under their pillows, and had happy dreams. 