POSTSCRIPT. Just a year later, the public was shocked by the account of a murder, which, in its circumstances, exceeded the measure of brutality usually connected with such | crimes. [ It was the murder of a lonely old maiden lady by her butler—a butler to whom, a3 it appeared, she had been in habit of showing exceptional kindness. I read the account with about the same degree of shuddering disgust, I suppose, as my neighbors; but without any feeling of a j personal character, until it transpired, in the course of the evidence, that the mur derer’s name was Harris—a name by which ' I had once, and once only, heard Mrs Smith, of Longmaiu’s, address her butler. I dismissed the thought at once as far as I was aide. Had not I had enough of giving the reins to my imagination.' Was not Harris an extremely common name? Almost as common as ,Smith. Hut when the tiial came on, which, as the crime had been com mitted shortly before the Assizes, it did very soon after the committal to prison, I, per haps, unknown almost to myself, followed it with a keener interest than, but for this trilling circumstance, I should have done. The" trial was a short one; the evidence overwhelming: the man found guilty, con demned, executed, without any seutimen- j talist being found to petition the Home Sec retary in bis favor. On the evening before his execution lie made to tile gaol chaplain a full confession of his crime; and not only of that one which brought him to the gallows, but of a pre vious one, which ho h;u\ been prevented fiom carry in*' beyond the of intention by a curious accident. What that curious acci dent was you shall hear, and judge of my feelings on reading the following extract from the murderer’s confession:— _ ts In January of last year, 1 was living in the service of Mr Smith, of Lionginains. I was at very low water at the time; over head and ears in debt, and did not know where to turn for money which I wanted desperately, and felt that I must obtain by fair meuus or foul. My chief inducement fur euteriu"-Mr Smith’s service had been that I had accidentally heard that he was in the habit of keeping considerable sums of money in the house, for the purpose of paying the weekly wages of the workmen employed upon sonic extensive drainage v.'oiks which he had undertaken. . T “ 1 thought on roaehiug Longmaxus that I had never seen a house better adapted to my purpose. It was as lonely a spot as I have ever seen; the stihles at an unusual distance from the hall, and no dwelling house within less than a quarter of a mile. The establishment consisted as to men, of myself and one footman; but about a week after my arrival the footman fell ill, and had to be sent home. “ I had not yet matured my plans, though I had ascertained that Mr hnnith kept his money in the strong box in his business room, and that in the ease of his absence Mrs Smith had charge of the k-y, when one morning my master was unexpectedly sum moned from home, leaving mo alone with my mistress and the female servants in tile house. . , . , “ Such an opportunity, which, very puo hahly, might not soon occur again, was, I felt, not to ho lost. Mrs Smith’s habits wore such as to favor my project. She usually sat in her huudoir, situated in a nithcn iso kited part of the house, until late at night. I made up lIIV mind to wait until the rest of the household had retired, and then to go to Mrs Smith’s boudoir on the pretext of taking coals for the lire, obtain from her the keys of the strong box. by fair means if pos sible; but if she resisted—and she was a resolute woman —I had determined to shoot her through the head, having provided my self with a revolver for the purpose; furnish myself with as much money as I could get hold of, and make tracks for America. I was prevented from carrying out this inten tion by a very unlooked-for accident. “ Late in the afternoon, the afternoon oi that day, the weather was extremely had, snowing hard, with a light wind, and hitter 0 „ld a holy arrived in ally to call on my mistress. 1 could see that my mistress w,w "reatly surprised when I took in the lady s card; for as far as I could make out, she was very’slightly acquainted with her, and lived a matter of '2O miles oil'. “I have novel- to this day mane on. why she came. We all thought she was oil her head and I believe she was. My mistress certainly thought so, all the more when she asked leave to stay the night. I could sec that my mistress was very much annoyed and rather alarmed; but as the lady would not go, there was no help for it; stay she must. „ . T “ I was a good deal upset at first, as I was afraid her bcuug there would knock my plan on the head, hut afterwards I comforted myself with the thought that she would be sure to go to lied early, tired uith het long drive, and I should find Mrs Smith alone in her boudoir. ~ . ~ “ I lit them their bedroom candles m the drawingroom at 10, and then went oil to wait. I would not risk it till 12. By that time everyone would be sure to be m bed and asleep. I thought I had never known time to go so slowly, but at last the clock pointed to five minutes to 12. I put my revolver in my pocket, took up the coal box, went upstairs, and knocked. Mrs bmiJis voice said “Come in,” and I opened the door. , “ What was my horror to hud tue stiangc lady still sitting there with my mistress The si'dit of her took me so aback that 1 did not know whether to come in or not, mid as I was hesitating Mrs Smith said, « We do not want any more coals. 1 uu may ito to bed, Harris,’ or something like tlim.. And all the while the strange lady was staring at me so oddly, as white as a ghost, that I began to think she must have some how found out what I was after. Iler being there and her looking at me like that alto aether made me feel so queer that I actually shut the door and went away again. . thought I would put it oh till next night. Hut on the following-day Mr Smith letuiued and I never had another chance!’ I had no sooner reached this word than I rose to my feet. I was certainly a Yard taller than when I sat down. Girls!” said I, calling to them in a voice of solemn authority, and as they gathered round, “ Be so good as to read those p.ira graphs,” poiutiug to them with my finger. I watched their faces as they did so, and when they had finished I said, turning to Alice in a voice of more than mortal diguity, “Yon see that wisdom is justified of her child!” „ . , I was interrupted by the door opening and a lady rushing past the footman to precipi tato herself into my arms. It was Mrs I Smith, of Longniam’s, come to tlmuk me for having saved her life, and to apologise with tears for having ever thought mo ripe for Bedlam. The End. Will commence in our next week’s issue, DON GESUALDO. By OUIDA. 