DIOCESE OF SALE. FIRST VISIT OF THE BISHOP TO SOUTH GIPPS- LAND. . (From our own Correspondent.) ON Sunday, the dthinst. (says the Yarram Chronicle) the recently-appointed Bishop of Sale (Dr. Corbett), visited Yarram and Tarraville for the twofold purpose of obtaining a knowledge of this portion of his diocese and of ascertaining the wishes of the Catholic residents in the matter of endeavouring to retain a locally 'residing clergyman. After celebrating Mass and delivering an exhortation at Tarraville early in the morning, the Bishop arrived in Yarram, accompanied by Fr. Egan, in time for service at 11 o'clock. After the celebration of the Mass the Bishop ; preached from the Gospel of the day, Matt. xi.,2 —10, and made a.deep impression on the large number of worshippers assembled by his commanding presence and bis distinct impassioned utterances. At the conclusion of Mass, a meeting was held, at which some of the leading inhabitants of the Catholic denomination were present. Considerable discussion took place on the subject at heart— that of securing a resident clergyman—and a subscription was at once opened for that purpose, resulting in something like £100 beings promised by those present. A committee to carry out the desired object was appointed, consisting of Messrs. E. J. Thompson, E. Buckley, James Buckley, E. CaUaghan, George Brennan, and Patrick Sweeney. These gentlemen will place themselves in communication with supporters in the outlying districts, and hiive the power of appointing other.committee-men insuch places. From the arrangements so favourably begun, there is every prospect that the Bishop's visit will have satisfactory results, and that a fund for the maintenance of a resident clergyman will be raised in a short time. Service was held in the evening, at which the Bishop attended and delivered an excellent discourse. Large, congregations were present at the services, a£ well as at Tarraville. It' is intended, we believe, to endeavour to raise the sum of £300 between now and next February, when the matter will be further proceeded with, The clergyman appointed will reside at the presbytery, Tarraville. •' On Sunday last, at Warragnl, the Bishop administered the Sacrainent of Confirmation, for the first time in his new diocese, to 110 children and < adults. . The visit, which was an:interesting one. is thus described' in the columns • of the - Warragul Guardian of • 13th inst.:—Thetown of Warragnl presented a busy scene.on Sunday morning in consequence of the, first visit of the Right Rev. Dr. Corbett, the newly-appointed'Bishop of the Sale diocese. From a very early hour people began t6* arrive from the- outlying districts, and Warragul, usually so quiet on' the Sabbath morning, appeared quite en fete, the white dresses of the girls prepared for confirmation lending quite a holiday aspect to the streets. The weather' wafc very oppressive, and as the church, was crowded from .an early hour,' the utmost. diffictdty was experienced in' obtaining -a • breath of L fresh air.' Ordinary Mass .was' celebrated 'at nine o'clock, at which, a large number of communicants were present, and both Dr. <J6rbett and Fr. 'Heffernan were busily employed rap to! 11 a JO. in' completing the preparation of. those who intended to participate In the,$acram*ents. At a lew minutes before eleven' b'clocK thie building 'was crowded, and tlie : 'celebration of High' Mass was <!ommfenced, Fr. Heffernan "being the officiating priebt;'' A fnll fehoir had been gathered by Mr. Small; and, being - materiaUyassiBted by Miss JOBephine'ti'Brieni the ninBic rendered was most!effective.' Webbe's MasainlG-was given, the.ilynus Dei wastaken IromWehery the rsolO;being given by -Miss O'Brien.-JnJaer I'fripl ^ii^ct; and artistio style, Sheafeo Bang .Cherubini'B"Aye/Maria" with,t3er. ToHrinat' leeling. Dr. Corbett preached the sermon, in the course of which he impressed w the necessity which existed for his congregation making all preparation during the L season of Advent for the approaching great m festival of Christmas. The birth of Christ i was the means of saving them from eternal j T death, and opened the way for their j w eternal. life. They should imitate the j example of Isaiah, who, , when he saw, i w the foreshadowing of the . Messiah's! coming, cried out with ecstasy. That ' great event had taken place 1900 years ago, ' and the Second Person of the Holy Trinity, equal to' His Father in all things, and in all j power, was still redeeming us from the ! degradation of sin, and still holding out to us' the remedy by which our souls were brought back to his Grace and made children of God. At the conclusion of Mass a procession of the young people to be confirmed was formed outside the church, and, to the number of 110, they marched up to the altar singing the hymn " Faith of our Fathers." The Bishop then delivered an impressive address to the children, exhorting them to be always firm ill their faith to God and their Church. ' He gave them many examples of the effect of Confirmation, notably, the case of the Apostles, who, prior to receiving the Holy Ghost in the form of fiery tongues, were timorous and weak, but who after that solemn event became brave, daring all in the service of their Master. He then administered the Sacrament, and the service terminated. The committee appointed to arrange for the presentation of an address to the Bishop —namely, Messrs. D. Kennedy, D. Connor, jun., I). F. M'Grath, and J. C. Ryan, approached the altar, and Mr. Kennedy, in a neatly- worded speech, presented Dr. Corbett with a framed address, of which the following is a copy :— "To THE RIGHT REV. J. F'. COHBETT, BISHOP OF SALE. " We, the Catholics of the Warragul mission, embrace the opportunity of your first visit to our district to sincerely congratulate you on your exalted appointment as first Bishop of Gippsland, and to offer you a most heartfelt welcome. We appreciate the spirit of profound zeal that has induced you to exchange the prosperous and splendidly organised mission of St. Kilda for the scattered population, the rough and labourious duties of clerical life in Gippsland. We know how earnestly and devotedly you have laboured in the past; how eminently successful were your efforts to provide for the youth of your district an efficient system of religious and secular education. We have also seen with the greatest satisfaction your unflinching fidelity to the cause of Irish patriotism. A brilliant past then gives us every reason to conclude that the career of the first Bishop of Sale will be d 'jjjrudent and a distinguished one. We'can only offer you our hearty co-operation in anything you deem proper to propose for the advancement of learning or religion in our midst. You will see for yourself that in this new country Catholics have very great difficulties to contend with, and are not overburdened with worldly goods; but a willing response to your appeals, and a' loving obedience to your, teaching we can faithfully promise., "Praying that the Almighty may spare you long to rule this new diocese, and may bless your every undertaking, we remain your faithful children in Christ. " Signed on behalf of the Catholics of the Warragul mission, "J. C. RYAN. " DAVID CONNOE, Jun. " DANIEL KENNEDY. " D. F. M'GBATH." The Bishop, in reply, thanked the members of the mission for the very handsome testimony of their good wishes they had just presented to him, and proceeded to give them some usefal advice as to the working of the Church in the interest of God. In the evening solemn Vespers were held, when Miss O'Brien again rendered valuable service, singing with grand effect O Salutaris Hostia, and, with Mr.. Reardon, the Tanturn Ergo.. The psalms were led by, Mr., A. Knptt, and. the musical part of the service was eminently successftjl. . Dr. Corbett again preached, and dwelt with considerable, force on the misunderstanding existing in the Protestant denominations as to the ' honour given by his Church to the Mother of God. He explained in a very emphatic manner the relationship of the Virgin to'Jesus Christ, and pointed out that the'homage-given to God could not, by any possible method, be offered to Mary, who w^s simply one of God's creatures. But the relationship in which' she stood to him as mother was sufficient to warrant the children of the Catholic. Church in seeking her intercession. God commanded that they Bhould honour j their parents, and it was only reasonable : to think that Mary, as the Mother of God, should receive honour. On the cross Jesus, had picked out the Apostle John,and said to Mary, "Woman, beholdthy son," and to John, " Son, behold thy mother." The-preacher then protested against the blasphem ous dootrin e the Church was. charged with—namely, that it gave to Mary, the creature, the .homage due only to God, He quoted from the prayer books of the Church to show that it was God, and God only, that mercy was sought from. ;He concluded by earnestly exhorting the parishioners to rally -round their church, and by their example prove themselves truly Christians. 