Servantgalism. Tasmania, the island of goss hedges and low wages, the land whose burning politics have never soared above "public works," the refuge of summer tourists and the prison of winter deadbeats, haB at last got an object in life. Its pokiness has bulged to a head and the pimple asserts itselt. It ie no question this time of being annexed to Victoria. It is not a political question at all. It is an internal matter. Tasmania's in'ards are griped. It is, in the literal sense of the term, a domestic question. It is the question of Servantgalism It took a G. 0. M to be the boss hand at domestic legislation in great Britain. It takes a G. 0. W. (woman, you know; to direct the domestic legisla tion of Tasmania. The island of jams and "jam-tarts" (" 'Arry" will tell you that the compound word means .* gyurls") has got Servantgalisra very bad. But with the arrival of the hour has also arrived the Woman. The G. 0. W. is Lady Hamilton, the Governess of Ta?:oania-that is to say, the wife of the " Guv'nor." Her plan of action is simple. She isn't exactly starting a Labor Agency, nor a Girl's Refuge. Her thoughts bulge out only on the employers' side of the question. She is forming a Mistresses' Union, and she herself is to be the Grand Archangel of this Society of Angels-for women, you know, whether mistresses or "gyurls," are angels. The programme is a tight one. It is not one of coercion, of course, because a ''gyurl" needn't hire out unless she likes. But its policy is coercive in tendency, nevertheless. Those mistresses are to pledge themselves never-no, never-to pay a " gyurl" higher hire wages hhan 6s, a week, and never to allow them more than one night out a week. This is a striking development of Women's Sights. But what about the " Gyurls'" Bights ? What about the Bights of " followers ? " The lime of the social strata will not stand this slaking. There'll be such a rifting of social con ditions as will make Lady Hamilton dance a can-can on her little pink ear whenever she wants to give a nice ball and supper, and finds herself boycotted by the " Tasmanian Gyurls* Protection Union," which is Bure to spring into existence and which will insist on 12s. a week and 7 evenings out, with the right of receiving followers in the " droring-rum." -4 THE members of the New South Wales Soudan con tingent (who have not since been hanged or are not in gaol) have Secretary of War Stanhope's permis sion to wear the Khedive of Egypt's " bronze star/' This isn't the Star of Bethlehem, though it is a Star of the East. The allegorical engraving is a Souda nese couchant with a goat rampant, and a " crown" of glory labelled " five bob a day and tinned beef," with the ghost of El Mahdi Jin bas-relief, and the British Lion and Australian Kangaroo worrying a dead camel. WHEN the Postmaster-General and the Colonial Secretary called in at Gladstone on their way back to Brisbane from their central districts trip, a leading Grladstonian let his spirits-yes, spirits .'-run so far away with his senses that, in proposing the healths of the visitors, he said:-" Let me express a hope that this will not be their first visit to Gladstone." IT is stated that the wife of Mr. Spence, of the Alice River, and formerly of Card well, has succeeded to a fortune of £124,000, 