'OVERCOME EVIL WITH GOOD.' (By J. FaiEMMf Clabke.1 'Be not overcome of evil,, but overcome evil with good.' This single sentence con tains the substance -of Christian ethics. All evil in ourselves or ia others anust be con quered by good. Evil can never conauet: evil, xir Satan cast but Satan. That which makes :TOirn-ti*ni£va mVAr to MtmTWVe the world IS ihat it wspires f »ith that.g6odiB stronger than ; *«1, truth than falsehood, rij^tthaa wrong ; .and tha^, in the long run, trsth, right, and focd, ipust ebnouer, and Jeaaa _re5gu until Te hss 6ubduett all ecamiei und«r Hi^ #eetv The -Mest creed in Chri^ecdoin h that which declares that Jesus is the CarUt. The meaning ef that creed is tha$ goodaets ia the real king of the. world. The Jewish nation was expecting a Christ of outward earthly power, a temporal Sing, a son of David ; like .David, a conqueror of nations, a warlike monarch. This was the prevailing ex pectation. The Meafiiah, no doubt, was also expected to be a reformer, a religious teacher; a prophet and lawgiver. He was to establish peace, at last, when all enemies were overthrown; a peace like that which prevailed through tbe Roman empire when it conquered the world, and had no foes left who dared resist rte power. The Messiah was to overcome force with force, snd then establish, on the ruins of conquered nations, a kingdom of peace and good will. Amid such expectations Jesus came. He came without prestige; a simple teacher of the truth, doing good, helping all those who were in -sorrow, anointed to reach the gospel to the poor, freedom to captives, sight to the blind, comfort to the mourner. He would show no sign from heaven to prove His mission j His truth and love were all the proof he offered. If they were able to believe that such goodness was power, then they could say that Jesus was the true Christ, son of God, King of the world. But, as Paul puts it, 'No one can say that Jeeus is the Christ but by the Holy Ghost.' That ie, no one can believe in the all-conquer ; ing power of love who has not ia his heart something akin to that spirit. A hard worldly-minded man, a cynic, one who thinks that men must be governed by force, or imposed upon by adroit contrivances — *ueha man can never believe that Jesni is the true Christ. He substitutes another Jesus, coming at the end of the ages to judge the world with power, armed with vengeance, not converting his enemies, but punishing' them. To each a- man evil seems stronger than good, lies more prevailing than truth. He beueves not in a . Christ formed within us, the hope of glory ; but in an outward visible Christ, coming at the end of tbe world, armed likethe Pagan Jove with lightning, to drive his enemies into a material hell. To him Jesus, the man of Nazareth, is not the Christ, he has another imaginary Christ, a king of terror. He renders outward deference to the Christ of the Gospel, and con siders himself an orthodox Christian ; but the God of this world has blinded his eyes, and he does not even see Hie true king dom of God. But, indeed, a man need not be very worldly or cynical in order to doubt whether Jesus is really the Christ, or whether His kingdom is really to conquer eviL We are all of jus apt to be appalled by the amount of evil in the world, and to have a frequent access of doubt when we nod it hard to believe in the all-conquering power ofjgood. This is what is meant by being 'overcome of evil,' It means, not that we ase made evil, not that we have become servants of ab, but that we believe in tile power of eviL Evil seems so mighty that it is hopeless to renst it. Perhaps we say there may come a millennium, when.it will be destroyed. We say when we go to heaven there will be no evil, but it is in vain to expect the triumph of good here and now. It is in vain to ask in our daily prayer that God's will shall be done on earth as it is in heaven. The rest of the prayermay be a prayer of faith; but «verthat clause hangs when we repeat it a shadow of unbelief. We ask, not expecting to receive. We do not really believe that God's wiil can ever be done on earth as it k in heaven. We separate earth and heaven by an impassable chasm. We fix a great gulf between tiiem and say, 'In the future world God and goodness will triumph; but here sin and Satan wiil always hpld sway.' . Then we say the Lord's prayer with the lips, but not with the heart. To be overcome with evil is to lose our faith in the supreme power of good ; and as God is the supreme good, it is to lose our faith in God. Those who think that evil is supreme in this world, who think that eunning and force rule here, have in their hearts deposed God from His great rule. They have no faith in any over-rnung Providence. Though they may not believe intellectually in any personal devil, they yet have faith in their hearts in a devil— that is, of an evil which is stronger than good. And this faith in the devil as superior to God shows itself in various ways. For example, the theologian is overcome of evil when he teaches the doctrine of eternal damnation for any of God's children. He then says that God, ' who would have all men to be aav^dj' ig unable to save them alL He teaches that God is not ine supreme ruler of the universe, but that he divides with Satan His divine ascendancy; God ruling in heaven, and Satan in hell. One great objection, I think, to the common doctrine of ever lasting Dunishment is that it dethrones Gcd- It asserts that He will not be able to rescue all his children from the power of evil, but willhe obliged to let some go to permanent destruction. This doctrine aulo cuti'ihe aerve of all strenuous faith in saving wmls. If Ssd if ratable to save all «en, how -3an we eucseed in doing it? It also saps our faith in the essential goodness of humanity. Man is, in deed, the child of God — that ail admit ; but he is «o little His child that while God ia essentially good, man is essentially evil. This is the doctrine which has corrupted the belief of tee church. The church, ia teaching ihe . doctrines of. total depravity and everlasting punishment has been overcome of evil. It has lost its trust in the divine fatherhood and the infinite love. Faith in God means faith in the supremacy of good.. By this faith Christianity- accajn {uliahed its successes at first; by this faith all gieat reforms have been carried on. It is faith not only in God, but in man as -the child of God. it is faith that man is capable of seeing fzuth and obeying it; capable of seeing the right and doing it. It is faith that man, in in epite of all his folly, weakness, and sin, is essentially good, not evil. This 'faith, there fore; is the very opposite of the old doctrine of total depravity. That doctrine has honer a weight on the«hurch. The 'Christian church has, cerer taken a step forward except by forgetting for the time it3 own doctrine of deprayity. All its appeals to the reason, conscience, and heart have assumed implicitly andnnconscuniely that the reason, conscience, and heart could believe, feel, and obey the truth. Every revival of religion proceeds on the belief that the human heart loves God more than evil, right more than wrong. Every moral reform depends on appeals to the human conscience, and it tacitly assumes that con science, when -enlightened, can ea&qaer; prejudice, intereet,. old beliefs, and break the chain ef habit and custom. Take any labor reform movement you please— anti-slavery, temperance. Civil Service — what weapons have they need ? To what motives did they appeal ? Always to reason and -conscience — they were opposed try prejudice and interest— and, in the long run, reason, and con science conquered prejudice, interest, habit, fashion, the power of money, rcpnlar belief, and popular majorities. Thus Methodism triumphed in England over xuobg and abuse. Thus the abolition of the slave trade was carried in Parliament ; thus the Reform 13ill and the free trade in corn won their great successes in England; thus one after another of the old evils which have cursed society have been removed. The one power behind all reform has been faith in man j faith that man can be made to see the truth and obey the right— that ie, faith. not in the. de- pravity, but in the honesty and intelligence of mankind. Thus, and thus alone, is evil overcome by good. We can only overcome the evil in our selves in the same way — by faith that Jesus is really the Christ; therefore that goodness will at last rule in our sculs, mould our con sciences, lift us above temptation and evil. 'Come to Me, ail ye that labor and ara heavy laden, and I will givs yon rest.' We must believe that this rest of the eoul is {or you and me; that God sent Jesus to you and to me to save us from our besetting sins. We must believe that when He sent His disciples with power on earth to forgive sin, He sent them to us, and that our sins, also, can be forgiven when we repent and turn to God. We are overcome of evil when we say — 'I have tried eo often and failed so often that it is of no use to try again. I have resolved ? and re- resolved and shall die the same. Experience, with a world of sighs and heart break, has taught me nothing. I have no good in me.' To feel so is to be overcome ; of evil. Yes, we are all weak, very we^k; very much the creatures of circumstance, very natch the slaves of habit and example; but there is a power within our soul able to conquer all this. It is faith in the infinite goodness, faith in the perfect love, faith in the ever present God in our hearts ; the God who is not in heaven that vre should say, 'Who will go up to heaven and bring Him down to us ?' nor beyond tbe sea, that we shall say, ' Who will go over the sea and brjcg turn to us - but who is the Holy Spirit dwelling very nigh to ub, in oar heart and aouL 'Thiais the victory which overcomes the world, even your faith.' The victory which overcame the world at first, and which over comes him now, is faith that good will conquer evil. This faith ie no illusion, it tests on the Bclid foundation of experience and reality. The testimony of hiBtorv^&ince; the coming of Jesus, confirms its truth. When Peter, first of all, said to Jesus, *' Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God,' he uttered what must have then seemed, even to the other disciples, an incredible statement of belief. .'What? this country Rabbi, this friend and brother of ours, who is going about among the \- common people, doing good and teaching good ness, can He be the great triumphal King of Isiael! Can 'He bg the mler of the world in the majesty of supreme dominion?' So, to the common eye, itmusthaveaeemedincredible. Jeeus died on the cross. His disciples were scattered. His enemies triumphed. His causa was ruined. But as the years passed it was found that the victory had been won by faith. The followers of Jesus believed that eocd would overcome evil, and it did overcome' it. 'The ttj»rty legions of 'Rome were powerlea3 ssaiBsfc the advancing tida of Christian faith. »ft«t by xuigiir, wealth, power— t-y tis invisible iiifluecce of a Divine love were all barrier* swept away. '£fe£ toxof wiae, not ntsay .soble were caQM.'* God cbote the mead tnuxB of (ibe world', aad things despised, aad things ffcat were not, to bring to naught the things ihadweie. And so it has been ever since. Whatever victory has been achieved by humanity, philanthropy, and generous endeavor, has been won by the same faith in the power of truth and love. This has carried forward all reforms. This has elevated aU education. This has conquered prejtidice, custom, interest, parfy spirit. Thuhas strengthened tea weak . hands and confirmed, the feeble knees ; it has levelled the mountains, and filled up th& valleys and bridged the ravines, and thus prepared a highway for the coming of foe I»ord. Be not overcome of evil, but overcame evil with good. Have faith that one man, with God on his side, is stronger than all man who are opposing the law of justice and right. 'Who knows not,' says Whittier. 'that truth is strong, next the Almighty V ' ' Let the single man, says Emersoa, 'stand on his instincts, and the huge world will oae day come round to him.' The fight may be long and tediouB, it usually ia so. Evil may be hard to kill ; we commonly find it very long-lived. Our own faith may at times give way; we may be overcome of evil and *ay, ' What is the use ?' But in the long run, if we persevere, we shall find all things work ing together for good for those who love God. We may be cast down, but we shall not be de ttroyed. We ehali go forward in the patience ii hope, bearing good seed, and at last come again rejoicing, bring our sheaves with us. -*? 