AN OLD WOMAN BURNED BY HER CHILDREN. (FROM THE " DAILY NEWS.") France is becoming the land of sensational murder. Every week some new crime is re ported more horrible than the one that went be fore it. The culmination of horror will accord ingly be found in the case which has just ter minated at Blois. Every resource of invention in this diabolical art seemed to have been ex hausted when a man lately cut off a woman's head, and flourished it at the window before au affrighted crowd. But the two brothers Lebou an ! the woman Thomas and her husband, pea sants of the Sologne, have loft this exploit far iu the shade. These monsters combined to burn an old woman to death, and the woman was the mother of the two Lebous aud of Madame Thomas. The whole family was engaged in the crime, for the woman led her husband into it, aud, according to one report, it was done at her instigation. The motive is variously attributed to cupidity and superstition. The poor old creature was bedridden; she was too infirm "even to weed in the garden," aud,besides that, she was the possessor of a sum equivalent to about £40. The longer she lived the less of this money might remain for division at her death, so it was determined at a sort of family council to get her out of the way. Superstition certainly had its share iu this resolve. The old woman squinted, and her hair, moreover, was of a colour that denoted communications with the unseen world. She was doomed, therefore, to die the death of a witch by being burned alive. The murder ap pears to have been decided on " in principle" some time before its execution. It is said to have been hastened by the fears of one of the brothers who lived at a distance, that if it wero committed in his absence the other accomplices might deprive him of his share of the pecuniary benefit. The manner of the crime was prede termined with equal care. The old woman was to be smeared all over with petroleum, then thrust into the large fireplace of her daughter's cottage, and held there till she was roasted to death. A declaration was afterwards to be made at the mayor's office to the effect that she had fallen into tho fire by accident, aud had perished there during the absence of the family. A'l this was exactly carried out. The sou who lived at a distance "galled to see his mother" on a certaiu day, an 1 towjrds nightfall sat down to dinner with his brother and sister and the sister's husband. The dinner was apparently one long council on the deed of blood, the destined victim meanwhile lying helpless on her bed in the corner. Suddenly they all started up, though the order of their rising is_variously given in the different plead ings, seized the old woi»ap, and dragged her towards the fire. The brother who lived at a distance declared that he was threatened into participation by his sister and lier husband j but it is certain that he helped to carry his mother to her doom. By this time the wretched creature knew perfectly well what fate awaited her, fjjd she begged for mercy in piteous accents, and struggled to get free. The murderers mean while saturate*} fee? clothes with petroleum, and made a wiap of etl'att'witifjyhich to sot her on fire. This done, the torch was applie4 tp her, and at the same time she was thrust into the fire, JJer screams and struggles were what may be imagioed, aud old aud feeble as she was, she maae i- desperate fight for her life. But one of the monstu.-J held her in her place on the fire with a hay rake, another pressed his foot upon her chea\ Her tliFea little grandchildren, who had witnessed the preparations for the crime, crept into a clothes press whilo it was going forwar^, and while they wero cowering tliers the murderers told them to pray for the old wouiaii'g joul. The same awful confusion of ideas as betwsas religion and superstition had characterised all- their preparations for the murder. They took care to have the old woman duly absolved a few days before they killed her, aud their confessions to the priest wero made long before their confession to the judge. The priest showed his horror of the crime by laying the heaviest possible penauce on the perpetrators, but his lips were sealed. They all attended mass in the morning after tho murder, aud on their fliey bought some yards of ribbon which they brought to the priest to blew. After the service the womajj rpmained kneeling on the floor, trembling as if iu "a'p^y, en'jng mea culpa, and beating her breast. Their renews, however, knew how to discriminate between the temporal and the spiritual arm. They made their declaration as to the alleged accident on the very night ,9* crime, but it at ouce ex cited suspicion. A g'en^fr^e was sent to the bouse to view the charred body; h:c reDort was followed by their arrest, and their arreist jiy i!;e confession of 'he whole family, children and all. The womaa ij-uij her husbaud have been setf tenced to death, and the two brothers to penal servitude. M. Grevy, it is to bo hoped and believed, will hardly interfere between these wretches and the exooutianer, in spite of his well-known aversion to capital punishment, Ijo ' case invented by the mere wit of man could ho S3 absolutely free from every extenuating oiiv ciuptU^e. Language entirely fiuls to do jvis tice to tiic /horror of it, and the simplest recital of its circumiitaa,c.ea is the most effective for all purposes— including, eye/1- t|>afe of the moran;!\ The reflections it suggests cac hardly h ive any personal reference to the worse tfiat) brutes principally concerned. There is no moral iu's'uch f.!i awful recital against individuals, against so ciety, .or against a nation. France happens, by an iinfortunat3 accident, to have bred four of tho worst monsters ci itc tjme—that ia all we can say about it. They are racsstcrs by the law of their being; and the sccideni of tJLeir birth in ;ny other state of society could have varied tjjy circ- uwstances of their infamy only, and not its character. T'he peculiar repulsiveness of some of the details ci their crime may be taken to have some connection. s.3 of cause and effect, with the sordid lifi of their caite. With tho worst kind of French peasant greed ie often a positive malady. His mind ia so mrrow that when once avarice has effected a lodgment in it; there is 110 room for any redeeming idea as to the dignity and the uses of life. FURTHKR PARTICULARS. The unfortunate woman, having fallen into a state of second childhood, had become irksome to her children, and they could not utilise her in any way, she, aa one of them said, not having as much strength and intelligence left aa would enable her to weed the garden. An attempt was made, by passing her oft as a mad woman, to get her into the lunatic asylum at Blois; bi'it the doctor, on ascertaining that she was merely in her dotage, refused to take her in. From the day he did so, she was cruelly treated, and the moment the neighbors heard of her death, they suspected her children. The cause of her death, the son-in- law stated in the mayoralty, where with her sons he went to declare it, was her hav ing, when all the family were engaged in the fields, fallen into the fire, whore her body was found in a charred state. This declaration was made after nightfall. The mayor ordered an inquiry. A gendarme was sont to make a report on the state of the body. He found the carbonised remains on the hearth. The head alone was not burned up. According to the gendarme the legs stood out from the rest of the body like a pair of black crutches, aud the right arm, which was parched up and twisted, was forced back around the nuck, just like tho win? of a trussed fowl. The gendarme further observed that tho different members of the family contradicted each other and appealed ill at ease, but neither horrified nor grieved at the sufferings the poor old woman must have endured. Next morning tho iuquiry was renewed. Tho sous contradicted themselves, and ou being hard pressed accused each other. They were arrested, and the evidence of the old woman's grandchild, an intelligent little girl of eight, justified the mayor in order ing! them to be locked up at tho mayoralty uniil an examining judge was fetched. The grandchild stated that as they were all at dinner in the evcuiug her mother suddenly said—"We must get rid of the hag." The child's uncle Alexander who had arrived in the day time fron the place where he lived, some miles off, theu rushed to the bed where the old woman was, and se zing her by the feet, dragged her towards a big fire which his brother, brother-in-law aud sister had piled up on the cottage hearth. The old woman cried'and screamed, and then was able to cry no longer. Two little b:o:hers con firmed what the girl said. They wero all bo frightened that they crept into the bottom of a press, and remained crouchiug there while the old woman was being burned. The children also told how, when she was ou the door, petroleum was poured on her clothes, and that she was then pushed over with a long hay-rake to the fire. The traces of mineral oil 011 her nigh'cap bore out what the grandchildren said. Cupidity was tho motive which urged on the four peasants to commit this crime. They wanted to get hold of about £40 which she had saved, aud not to be at the cost of feeding her. It appears also that the sons of the widow Lobon were afraid their sister would get hold of the sum if their mother died a natural death, and that as thoy loth lived in a distant village of the Sologne, they agreed to prevent that by a m&rder;, the idea of which the sister acceded to at once. The theory of the defence was that they burned tho old woman because they thought her a witch. In the Sologne, witches, ghosts, and goblins are still believed in. The widow Lebon in youth had had red hair and squinted, so that she was counted un lucky and to have an evil eye. She had, when left a widow, to emigrate to Blois to avoid the contumely attached to her in her village as a sorceress, and was supposed to have caused cows to run dry and pigs to be attacked with measles. One of the sons ad mitted that he not only he'ped to carry his mother to tho fire, but trampled on her chest to hold her well in it. Alexander, the most humane of the lot, but a weak-minded, super stitious follow, said that he had come on the day of tho crime to his sister's house to see his mother entirely frjm a sense of duty, because ho heard that she was ill, and that when, as he was smoking a cigar in the garden of his brother-in-law, he was told how she was to be bnrned he became too sick and miserable to eat any dinner. The following dialogue was held between him and the presiding judge :—Judge : What took place when you sat down to table? Answer: My sister shut the outer door, aud Slid " Yon just stay there. We must bnrn the old witch; if you don't help wo shall burn you." She and her husband, who held a knife in his hand, then rose and pushed mo towards the bed. (Here the accused wept bitterly). The Judge: "Aud you helped to carry your mother to' the fire made ready for her?" Answer :" I did not know, I was so frightened, what I was doing." Judge : " Why did you not break the window and call out "Murder?" Answer: My brother-in-law held up a knifo before me, aud told me that I10 would settle me if I hung back. Judge : Am I to understand that your brother-in-law did nothing except menace you ? Answer : J^o, it was he who lighted the fire and made ready tho wisp of straw which was to act as a match. He also, when the old woman writhed aud twisted, got a rake to hold har in the fire. He was carried away by his excite ment to do this. My sister cried out, " My poor husband, you are a lost man ! You should have let tho others do the work, and not have act or part in it yourself." Judge : What did ho say ? " All right, don't be uneasy." 