Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 15. A STRANGE STORY. ByR. P. WB3TW0RTH. The story I am about to relate is a strange one. Is it true? I do not know. Judged from the stand point of every day experience, I Bhould say that it is impossible that it could have happened, and yet, marvellously and totally unaccountable as it seems and is to me, I cannot bat believe it to be positively and absolutely a fact. It is one of those things which oannot be explained, and whioh will not be explained away. We live our visible life, aB it were, passing over a narrow bridge lying between two im measurable gulfs, that behind ns being the irrevocable past, and that before, the in scrutable future. What these gulfs contain, what is called the unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible or intangible, seience tells as nothing aboat. Do, then, the disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. Let my story tell what I think, and cannot bnt believe. Many, very many years ago, when I was a young man, little more than a youth io fact, |ust come from England to seek my fortune in this'fair land of Anstralia, I had made up my mind to become what was the summit of so many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you there were two of us, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father's sister. He was of aboat the same age as my self, and I was deeply attaohed to him, as he was to me. We had been at school and col lege together, and I mention this latter to show that we were both tolerably well edu- oated, and therefore not likely to be imbued with the superstition and fanciful credulity that so often go hand in hand with Ignor ance. As I have said, we were deeply attached to each other, a ease of Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and PyladeB, or, better still, of David and Jonathan. We had come out in the same ship, and had vowed never to separate, bat to stiok together through good and ill. We had heard and read in England of the free wild life of the eattle kings, of the boundless, 'plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the land of the Southern Cross, and our hearts swelled high with hope that we too, some day; should become, aB they were, lords of the soil. But to become squatters, it was necessary for ns to know something about squatting. We were fairly well provided with funds, and had some good letters of introduction, and aoting on the advice of a gentleman who had known Jim's father, we determined, before venturing into a business of which we knew nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gain colonial experience. Sheep we wonld have nothing to do with. The life on a sheep ran did not eait oar ideas. It was too tame a kind of thing for as. It lacked the spice of romance attendant npon cattle breeding. There was none of the headlong gallopping through the orashing timber, and down stony defiles and steep gullies, the camping ont be neath the giant gnm trees in the solemn bush, the oraoking stockwhips, the cabbage-tree hats, the blue shirts, the breeohes and boots, and the other glories that render the life of a Btookman so desirable— on paper. Therefore, on a cattle station wonld we go. There was no great difficulty in the matter. There were plenty of sqnatters who would willingly take us on their runB, and " break us in "—for a consideration, of coarse. One of these offers we accepted. It was on the station of a gentleman named Maogregor, a canny old Scotchman, which was situated on the npper part of the Gonlbnrn river in Vic toria, and whioh embraced some eeventy thonaand acres of good open forest country, carrying abont eight thousand five hundred head of cattle. We went to work in right down earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly say that we succeeded admirably. We were both toler ably good horsemen to begin with, and as old Maogregor waB a rigid and exaot man, who would have his work done thoronghly well, and as we were anxions to learn, we, ere long, were tamed ont really good bushmen. So mnch eo that after we had been with the old gentleman a little over two years, he pro posed to as that weshonld take the sole charge of the station daring a visit whioh he proposed to take to the old country. Nothing oonld have suited us better. Young, ardent, our own masters, with work that we- took a delight in, we jumped at the offer, and ere another month, he had departed on bis home trip, and we were installed in the large comfortable house of our employer, practi- cally " bosses " of the situation, and certainly, monarchB of all we surveyed, for the nearest house was Carfrae's, over the ranges some twenty miles away. Our house, as we considered it, was a wooden strncture, of mapy rooms, having a wide verandah round three Bides. It stood on the crown of a swelling down that formed the home paddoek, and that eloped away past a small creek that formed one of the affluents of the Goulbnrn, to the foot of a range of hills aboat five miles away, and that shut in the view to the north. Through this range, and exactly opposite the house, was a dip or gorge, known locally as " Macgregor's Gap," and be ing the Bole means of communication that existed between onr peaceful valley aud the feverish world whose heart throbbed so fiercely outside. Most of the house was closed, for there were far more rooms than two bachelor's could possibly use. We each had a bedroom, entered from the front verandah, and onr oommon Bitting and dining room lay between the two, and was as well our office, smoking-room, library, and music-room, for Mr. Maogregor had a good selection of books, and a splen did pianoforte and harp for the nse of his two daughters, who had accompanied him home. Our household consisted solely of onr two selveB, Alec. Payne, the head stookman, who slept over the stables, an ngly and hot- tempered old Scotchwoman named Meg, who cooked and did for qb generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at the back of the house, and who claimed to be distantly akin to the " Maister," and tyrannised over ne accordingly, and a Bingnlarly handsome oolley slut named Fly, who located in spots, indifferently _in mine or Jim's bedroom, at her j own Bweet will and sovereign pleasnre. j .The station hands had' their hntB at con- i siderable distances, and we rarely saw any of them, except when they eame to the house for . rations, or on other business. j Halcyon dayB, indeed, were those we passed in the soft, sweet Australian spring. Fishing ' in the Gonlbnrn, Bhooting in the hills, kanga- rooing on the flats, with plenty of healthful employment to keep ns from mating, who could have been happier than Jack AUpyne, that was myself, and Jim Welsh, the managers and residents of the Gap Station. ! Bat our time of unalloyed happiness was not to last. The blaeks took to Bpearing our cattle. Why they did it we eould not tell, for we had Blays treated the f9w who had shown . np on the ran with the utmost kindness. ! Where they eame from we conld not conjec ture, fpr there were practically none belong ing to onr immediate neighbonrhood. None, in faot, of any account, nearer than the Warrigal tribes of Gippsland. Theywerejterooiousand miBOhisvoUB enough we knew, but we could not imagine that they would leave their native haunts fo far away the southward, and cross the all but inac cessible fastnesses of the main r'ansa to do ns an injury. We could not account for their presence, we eould find no reason for their acts, unless, indeed, they were some wander ing tribe who had been badly used by the white man somewhere, and were revenging themselves indiscriminately on friend and foe alike. But there was the unmistakable fact. We were first made aware of it by Alee, our head stockman, riding up to the house in hoi haste one forenoon with the intelligence. Ha had, so he informed us, been ont to one of the cattle camps, and returning by the foot cf the hill had came across blood marks on the grass. Following them up he had found the remains of a youDg strawberry heifer, one of our choicest treed. The blacks had carried, off some of the flesh, and had left the rest to the hawks. Was he sure it was the blacks who had done it ? Quite sure. There was no mistake about that, for he had seen the mark of the spear thrusts. He had ridden up to the house as fast as he oonld, to see what was to be done. What was to be done? Ah! that was a poser. Find the marauding scoundrels. Just so. But where to find them ? Where to look for them? They were miles away, no doubt, gone this way or that, who could tell ? It was our first experience with blacks, that is to say with mischievous ones, aud we were com pletely at a loas how to act in the emergency. Jim and I, calling Alec, to our counsels, sat up late that night discussing the matter, al though with bGt little result further than that we determined to keep a strict look out for the thieves in future. We might as well have saved ourselves the trouble. Do what we could, ride to and fro on the run, early and late, as we might, we never conld come across them. Had we had native trackers we might probably have found their trail, and hunted them off, for the blacks have a wonderfal instinct, and a naturellove for this bloodhound kind of work — it is strange, indeed, how the partially civilised aboriginal takes a cruel delight in tracking and, it may be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even those of his own tribe, but so it is — but we had no trackers, and were totally unacquainted with the bushcraft and the thousand and one shifts and tricks of these cunning denizens of the woods and wilds for concealing themselves and eluding pursuit. But of their presence wo had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that wa did not get reports of fresh outrages. Not content with slaughtering' an occasional beast for food, they had, as is their wont, taken to spearing our cattle indiscriminately, and for sheer love of bloodshed. Who could tell how soon they, treacherous and vindictive as they were, wonld fly at higher game, and wonld take to killing human beings as well as cattle. At all events we went continually armed, we and the stookman too, with revolvers, and shonld doubtless have given good account o| some of them, conld we have found them, which as I have said, we could not. Then for a time came a cessation of hostilities, as it were. They seemed to have quitted our part of the country for we had no further alarms, and were just beginning to oongratnlate ourselves in having got rid of onr troublesome visitors, when almost simul taneously we heard of no fewer than three fine young head of cattle being found slaughtered in widely different parts cf the ran. We were at oar wit's end, bat clearly something must be done, and at once. This kind of thing oould not be permitted to go on. But how to prevent it 1 Why the wretches had elected to commit their depredations on our run, or whether they had extended them to other parts of the district we did not know. Again we held a council of war, and again we felt ourselves powerless to cops with the evil. "We felt certain that the blacks were about in force, but whether they were camped in the denBe bush that bordered our run, or whether, as was most likely, they had their head quarters in the ragged mountain rangee to the north ward of ue, we were unable to say. It is as certain however that they were not located on the run, as, had they been, we should have been sura to have fallen in with the marks of their fires, if not with the ruins of their wurleys of branches of bark. Wc sat late in the night without having arrived at any settled plan of operations, further than that Jim Welsh had expressed his determination to ride over to Carfrae's the following morn ing, and consult with our neighbour as to what had best be done. Perhaps that was the best thing after all, for Mr. Carfrae had been a long time in the oolony, and might reasonably be supposed to be better acquainted with the habits of the savage tribes, and the best method of dealing with them than we. Still, I felt a strange, and altogether nnacoonntable repugnance to letting Jim go. A singular vague premonition of evil which would not assume any tangible shape and which eluded my mental grasp at the same time as it would not be laughed away. After an early breakfast, Jim saddled his horse, and prepared for a start, ridiculing my groundless fears and attempts te induce him not to venture. His argument was unanswer able " Our plain duty ie clear," he Baid, " we have already lost something like a score of onr prime cattle, we have been totally nnable to put stop to the mischief, and nnless we take some decided step there is no telling what the reHult.will be." I could not contradict this, of course, and oould only adviBe him to be oareful, and to keep as much as possible in open country. " Never fear," he replied oheerfully, " I am well armed, and the black scoundrels have too wholesome a terror of the white man's thunder and lightning to venture within cooey of me." Notwithstanding this, it was with a sinking at my heart that I saw him tighten his girths, vault into the saddle, and canter gaily oyer the grassy stretch of the home paddock in the direction of the gap. I watohed him nntil he was out of sight, shading my eyes with my hand, from the bright rays of the morning sun, and then I turned into the house with something like a sigh, determined to drive away my uneaBy thoughts by writing long letters home. In vain, the inspiration wonld not eome. I blundered and bungled through my corres pondence for two hours or more, and then gave it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by the shadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like the "Dwelleraon the Threshold" of which we read, 1 had no dis tinct comprehension, bnt whioh was, none the less, there. It was a clear warm day, the Bilence was almost oppressive, and by-and-bye, lulled by the faint but ever present ham of the bush, I fell into a light bnt troubled slumber. My dreams, if dreams they could be ealled -were, as my waking thoughts had been, " without form and void," yet dimly shaiowered by a presentiment of impending ill. I know not how long I slept, bnt all at once I was roused from my unrest, by along, load, half howl, half wail of a dog, so weird, so in expressibly sad, that it seemed to tnm my very blood to ice. I awoke with a start, and went out at the open door. As I stepped out upon the verandah. Fly, onr collie dog eame whining and erouohing to my feet, and orouehed tremblingly behind me, as if in mortal terror. At the same moment my eyes were blasted with a new Gorgon. Coming slowly up the path, not twenty yards from me, and gliding rather than walking, was a form, the form of my cousin, Jim Welsh, whom I had seen start for Carfrae's, some hoars before. Pale to lividness, shadowy, ethereal, with a look of qain on his erstwhile handsome face, and a crimson blotch of blood welling from a deep gash in his breast. I stood as if turned to marble, powerless to move, powerless to speak, powerless, almost, to think. Was I still dreaming ? No. There he was, plainly palpable before me. I felt my eyes dilate. I felt my hair stiffen on my head. I felt my heart throb as if it would burst, and still all I could do was to gaze . entranced and spell-bonnd in silent, nameless horror. My breath came fast and thick, and as it oame nearer and still nearer, with a supreme effort I gasped rather than spoke " Jiml" - The form waved its hand in the direction o! the gap, a smile spread over the anguished countenance, and then it slowly melted into air. Was I then mad? No, no, a thousand times no, although it was Burely enough to have driven me so, I was as sane as I am now. What it was, or whether it was, I did not, I do not speculate. I only know that I saw it. I tell you I saio it. For a time I stood inca pable of motion or reasonable thought. Then came the reaction. With a hoarse, harsh half laugh, half sob, I bounded forward to where it had stood. There was nothing, I might have known that. _I did know it. I ran round to the stable, hastily saddled a horse, snatched np my revolver, mounted, and hatless, costless, as I was, gallopped down the home paddock. Where was I going ? I hardly knew. I had but one feeling, one idea, that of bitter vengeance on the perpetrators of this foul deed, for that a foul deed had been done I knew only too well. I headed for the rocky blaffs that formed the Gap, and bathed in perspiration, and with the hot fire of hatred at my heart, sped across the intervening down. Did I think of danger, of death perhaps, to myself? No, Revengel Revenge 1 Soon I reached the Gap. All still, all silent. Th9 grim walls hemmed me in on either hand, but told me nothing. Deeper and deeper into the gloomy defile I passed, deeper and deeper still, but nothing. Not a sight, not a sound save the clatter and ring of my horse's iron shod hoofs over the rough boulders. I dismounted, aud slowly led my horee over the rugged track for it was un safe to ride. More dismal, more wildly soli tary grew the scene, a quarter of a mile, half a mile, a mile, and then — At last. There he lay. Yes, there he lay. All there was left of him. Of my friend, of dear, true hearted, handsome Jim. Dead! Dead 1 Alas ! Alas 1 Dead ! Dead ! Killed by a spear thrust, treacherously hurled from behind a rock, as he was riding, or probably leading his horse, through the defile. A spear thrust whioh entering his baok, had come out at his breast, and had cleft his heart in twain. There, at my feet, on his back, with a smile on his pallid lips, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyes, as if in mockery of my unutterable woe. Do I feel Bhame in saying that the tears fell hot and fast from my eyes upon that cold faoe, that my kisses were impressed on that lifeless hand, whioh had never before met mine save in the warm grip of friendship? Not I. A man sheds tears but seldom, but when he does, they are, as it were, tears of blood, How long I stood looking wistfully into the faoe of my dead friend I know not. I felt my heart throb almost to breaking. I felt my brain whirl into dim unconsciousness, and then, kind heaven sent relief to my over charged feelings. The grim defile, the bu3h beyond, It at my feet, seemed to swim round me. All earthly things were blotted out, and I fell forward in a swoon, and all was dark. t I But the awakening, oh ! the awaken iag. But the awakening, oh 1 the awakening. I found myself lying on a couch iu the front room of our house. I awoke as it might be after a heavy sleep and I knew not where I was. For a time I lay only partially con scious, yet still entirely conscious of seeiDg forms I knew around me. Alec. Payne, Doctor Rae from the township, and a female with a faoe strange to me, stood round my bed. I lay, dimly trying to gather up the tangled forflttda of memory, which seemed to have been woven into a kind of inextricable con fusion. I tried to raise my hand, and it fell bank on the counterpane, seemingly a3 heavy as lead. And then, I spoke, or rather, as it seemed to me, someone else appeared to speak my thought, so weak and gasping was the voice. 1 "Where am I?" I asked. " Thank God," ejaculated the Doctor, " the worBt is over. Mind and memory are retarn- I ing." | " For a time Hay still, trying to think of the meaning of what he said, and then, as in ' an instant, the tide flowed. It all came back to me. All, all. The mysterious visitant, the gloomy gorge, the dead body of my friend at my feet. ; I had as they told me, been found lying aoroBS the corpse of Jim in the gap, found by Alee. Payne, who had from a distance seen me galloping wildly in that direction, and who, suspecting something was wrong had followed on foot. I had been ill, very ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violent brain fever, for days', ever since, but, thank I God, the danger was past. As for the appari tion I had seen, Dr. Rae discoursed learnedly on psychology and kindred matters, proved to his own satisfaction, doubtless— that at the flu I saw it, or waB supposed to have Been it, I was under the influence of incipient brain fever, indueed by worry and work and the trouble consequent on the ravages made on onr stook by the blacks. He persuaded me that it was all fanoy, imagination, the out come of a heat oppressed brain, all the rest o! it, by whioh scientists try to explain the un- explainable. Perhaps he was right. I do not know, common sense wonld toll me that he was right, and that it was only in my own dis turbed brain and mind that fatal vision had been. That is, no donbt, a sufficiently lucid explanation, bnt for all that, I say, aB Shake speare says " There are more things in Heaven and earth Horatio Than ever you dreamt of in yoar philosophy." I say with regard to the spirit or ghost, or what yon will, of poor murdered Jim Welsh, my cousin, and my heart's friend, as I have said before— I saw it. The decipherers of the papyri whioh have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, have learned from one of them the existenoe of a town in lower Egypt, all trace of which seems to have disappeared for the last 1,200 years. The document is a papyrus, a little.- i over 4ft. long by 1ft. wide, containing a mar riage contract in Greek, and is well preserved. The date is not given, bntTProfessora Kara- bacek and Wesseley believe it belongs to the early part of the sixth century. The bride« groom was named Theon, the bride MariB< She had a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieoes, and the future husband en gages to find for her food and clothing, and everything suitable for an ordinary legiti mate wife." There are witnesses and a notarial certificate. All the parties are_ de scribed as belonging to the town of Jostian- opolis. The editors declare that they can find no mention of this place among any lists ol the towns, etc., of Lower Egypt. Forty varieties of rice are grown in Bur- mah, the latest additions to the territories of Great Britain. These range in hue from white to blaok. Burmah also produces many other kinds of edible grains, one of whioh is known as Job's Tears. According to Dr. Thomas Moore thiB grass derives its name from the large, ronnd, shining fruit it bears, in which can- be traced some resemblance to tears. It occurs in Japan as well as tba Asiatic continent. _ 511 -N. ' c . _ V - : -P- .v.-;- , 