Eockhampton, JTe a considerable differ ranee of tho principal _ kbampton. The city tins I outward so much as upwards, lie corner ot buildings known as kve setoff this portion ot the town Jktent, and the completion of Hie (torles to the block ot buildings nd the alterations to Trlckctt s K«e this part ot the town more like [city. It is ft pity those wretched Joteis sow rctten and diseased with "havtmot long ago been pulled down, titer)on and Leiohhardt are a disgrace ation, and only that their respective landladies are gifted by cipericnco witl. the ability .to make oven a ruin comfortsble, these ancient edifices would long since have been abandoned to the rats. The avaricrous owners of these dccaycd palaces have been drawing enormous rents for the properties, and there is not a mayor or corporation v. ith pluck enough to condcmn (he rookeries and . full them down. What struck me as peculiarly amusing was the maimer in which the people resented any allusioDB to tWs extreme beat !'°PU"1J munosed 10 be t.ie normal climatic atinos phcre of BucUiamptun. " Ilccklmmjitan, rir, has been proved by the H'l'jJ"! "statistics of the meteorological obwrvcra to becoaler than Sydney." Th'a is the Jo""' statement they rigidly adhere to at^renk fast time. Before luncheon, or in the aftei noon, they are mopping their pale, dew besiaiaed brows and stjaiberoatiBing I bo beat, swallowing ioed«lrjnM,beiugpunkal.ed over at their meals, anJgapping for a brca b of fresh air. There cati bo no doulit about the heat, but It is moist heat, and if it i» a scorcher in the momiug, you can pound your last half-crown liierfc-will be a thunderstorm and a radical change some time hi the after BOOB. The dry baking heat of the western towns contiooin? day. after dnS a 4i tiring to per*one of any constitution ; but | » the stewing heat, I fancy, is n bojesome, par Ucolarly if the perspiration it Induces is kept | continually washed off the skin by frequent visits to the shower bath. But there can be no two opinions about heat in Queensland. Why, at tho races in Bockhampton on November »ih, old residents would tell you it was too hot for people to turn out for mere amusement. Yet in Melbourne at the same season eighty thousand people aie enjoying *Jhe open air picnic. My own opinion is that the beat is much more teml^^^^bearable than in the western idpR^nHMool nlgbto^MJUllinoTO, unless in the tow tesidenjar onTheritnges. In the morning the aMper arises pallid, 8» refreshed, and in much the same condition as a parboiled owl. No wonder the old residents an hollow-eyed, pale, thin, and ghost-like "Wm<»t laughable to watch lie side Which some of the great magnates of the place manage to put on when they appear in public, flame of the Mount Morgan million Bites arc positively appalling In this respect. They move in what Yellowplosh osod to call the *. Hupper Suckles" of Society. I noticed some of them at a fashionable performance last week. They selected all the front rows of reserved seats and sat there in awfol s'sj®, glaring round to frigid dignity arrayed. The men, who are generally dogmatic and bumptious among their own ser, looked rather wiped out and uncomfortablegenerally. They were perspiring too, In a stifling atmos phere of musk and other vile sccntB, which the great madams used in profusion to over power their natural aroma. Many a sixteen , stone matron of fashion I saw there, who a I few years ago, dear soul, was Tinning the f ctrtbes, or washing the greens,or performing other household duties, which now Ae has a retinue of servants to undertake. Some of these leaders of society are so high tonal that they will not admit even so exulted a pefBQUBgft m ad inspector of police within the raagic circle ; and a bank manager, unites be has private means, might sigh in vain for the cntrte to . " druriog-toom on the range. {One ladv, it is said, gave £30,0u0 with her I daughter to a young fellow who was said to lbe of a good family. As the worthy dame Remarked upon announcing the engagement, " We bavo plenty of money, my dear; what ' we want is blond." . I have seen the "Mikado" played in London, New Voik, and Melbourne, but the | performers at those places were very common viIaoc people compared with those who took thestAfge before the fashionable audience at Snpton last week. The daily papere, aT, were unsparingly lavish Jn their of the performances, which goes to 1 natnred ftockhampton press ime since Buucott and Bouci Aiesented journalism in that city, iestra consisted of a pianist, a lady a fellow with e small fiddle, and titb a large fiddle; also a player "the cornopean. The curtain rose for kopening shorus, composed of TWO men, at jrhatn was subsequently required to 1 ruice 4e part of a principal. The i of Gilbert were cither unheard or not , and tbe applause of the audience ns only heard when some wheesy olrcue Fioke was interoolated by an actor whose mission vis evidently sawdust and not opera .boufte. One young aristocrat, not many years from school, and now engaged in dii apatfng aome dt- the "old man's weatth, t^Mtdkiw40"nie bis opinion that tbe whole I opera41 waa femal rot; he didn't believe in I these Chinese rig-ups; what he liked to see | vras the gals in tights." it Is satisfactory to know that the pricesof many things have been lowered considerably | by the competition in trade. Stewart & Co. are adding to their premises. Their latest nnrcbaw ia an allotment of land adjoining the old Bulletin, office. For many years tbe bead of tbe firm has been tiylng lo buy this little bit o£ land. He has now beoome the proprietor and bas lost no timo in building Jmnn It. Tbe bricklayers are imrdatwork find bavo already got two stories high, but I I cannot say how much nenrer the sky they iutehd proceeding. Another cheap house is Kirby Brothers, who are pushing their *? le out west, and making a tall bid for the im of both storekeepers and station lilies in tbe interior. Of course large Ipery houBes can afford to keep in stock Ky materials, which the general store Iper in Vhocountry isnotcxpected to keep, l I am afraid the most of the ladies pin ley finds its way to Bockhampton. Salvation Army arc now firmly estab led In Bockhampton. Henceforth the city be known as tlist of tlie b.S.S.H., Sin, »t. Borrow, and Salvation. Tbe uniforms, aes, shouting, and general aemi-lunacy of larmy is similar to what I have seen rhere. Tho captain and his officers are hnlking follows, who have found in the knot the army a refuge from hard work jgaoea to boot. Some people say much good In fiockhampton, Ire Court seems to do as much we, and perhaps a little mote, has already provoked two | Bting in an appeal to the strong on behalf of the poor weak Ihe' army. The horses ot Bock lave not yet become used to the (crowds and glare of torches, and lot course, strongly support the I could not help contrasting the f past of these gesticulating howling If dad in tho blood-red uniform of j>, whistling, booting, groaning, and Fely spreading out their numbers in file of the street, with that other pro fjn Jerusalem so many centuries ago, (he Saviour rode through Jerusalem _nd lowly, sitting upon an ass, and Gildnen cried Hosanna as he pasnod. ImftthlnkB, the asses form a part of the toiUjut X doubt much if the spirit of Ai tboui. 