Mr. W. P. De Boos, solicitor, late of Temora, is to commence practice here in a few days. See advertisement. Council.— The following is the business paper for to-night's meeting :— (1) Report irom the Inspector of Nuisances ; (2) report from the Works and Finance Committees ; (3) correspondence received since last meet ing ; (4) general business. Borough Treasurer. — Notice is given in the Gazette that Mi. Alfred George Hbrsford Sandeman, manager of the City Bank, Coot amundra, has been duly appointed treasurer of the Borough Council of Cootamundra; Insolvency.— The second meeting in the estate of Thomas Troy, late of the Royal Hotel, Cootamundra, was held before Mr. District Commissioner Primrose on Friday. Mr. O'Donnell examined the insolvent bs to the cause, &c;, of his insolvency. Several debts were proved, no directions were given, and the meeting then terminated. . Mr. N. Healy's Will.— In the will oi Nicholas Healy, late of Cootamundra, solici tor, deceased, notice is given that after the expiration of fourteen days, application will be made to the Supreme Court of New South Wales, that probate of the last will and testament of deceased, may be granted to Margaret Gertrude Healy and Patrick josepn xieaiy, Dotn ox oyunoy, tne executrix and executor in the said will named. St. Patrick's Day. — The rights in con nection with the St. Patrick's Day Sports were sold by Mr. A. Simpson for Mr. W. A. Byrne, who waB absent at the Tumut Show, on Wednesday last. The following prices were realised, and must be considered exception ally good:— Gates, Mr. T. Mackenzie, £25; publican's booth, Mr. M. Solomon, £22 ; No. I iruit.stall, £1/10/, W. Martin; No. 2 fruit- stall, W. Little, £2/10/; right of sports, M; Renehan, £1/10/ : total, £54/10/. Bain.'— Since last report we have agaiD had heavy rain, the record of the past two months being maintained. On the 8 th instant we had 31 points, on the 10th 79 ;- and on the 12th 70 : total 1.80 points. The town was left in a very muddy Btate by the rain. First Duck op the Season.— We saw a fine brace of duck (the first we have seen this shooting season) at Mr. Mitchelmore's Hotel yesterday. They were shot by Mr. Edwards (Wright Heaton & Co,) on the dam in McG-owan's paddock. A. P. H. and J Association.— Members of this association will be glad to know that the subsidy for 1886, £171/0/6, has been; paid to credit locally. This will enable all financial obligations to be paid, and will: give a working fund for the spring show. Murrumburrah. — It is notified that Mr. George Coles Milne, acting O.P.S., has been appointed acting assistant registrar of births, deaths, and marriages, for the district of Young, at Murrumburrah, from the 27th ultimo, vice Mr. C. Cutliffe, absent on leave. A Supposed Ghost at Coppabella.— A correspondent from Coppabella writes : — Allow me to. trespass on your valuable space to give an account of a curious sight that has been seen in this locality. It made its first appearance on the 14th February, when it came to the house and made a dreadful ndise in the dead hour of night when every thing was quiet, and frightened all the occu pants. It was not heard qf again until the night of the 2 1st of February; when the same dreadful noise was heard, and the inmates oi the house got; up, when they saw walking around the room an object which they took to be the devil. Finding that talking to it was of no ; use, they tried what result a little ammunition would d6, and after firing three shots it disappeared and has not been soea since. The figure was between six and seven feet in height, with a head the shape of a pig, and when broadside on, it appeared to be nearly three feet acrosa the chest. Our correspondent adds that he never saw such a sight before, and if any person could de scribe the animal to him, he would be ex tremely obliged, as he io anxious to know what it is.— Yass Courier., Goldmining Leases. — Notice is given that the undermentioned goldmining leases are now ready for delivery to the lessees, and unless the lessees take delivery thereof within the time mentioned in notice issued by the warden or other officers, they will be declared void. Lessees who desire to appoint an attorney to execute and take delivery ot : their lease can obtain a form of power of attorney on application at the warden's or any mining registrar's office, or at the department. If it ba so desired, the 'leases can be forwarded for execution ard delivery to the clerk of any warden's court within the district, or the department in Sydney :— J. Heinz and others, Kiandra, two lots, 25a and 14a ; T. Halley and others, Bunda warrah, 3a ; J. Bourke, Bundawarrah, 5a ; R. Bourke, Bundawarrah, 6a ; J. Meagher and others, Bundawarrah, 7a ; P. Hughes and another, Mandamah, 4a ; J. Hogan and \- mother, Xarobandt»» It ftu .-.-?. ' VJ-::. '. . ';' :,;?:.. 