TALE. The Twentieth of Jane: CHAPTER II.-CoxmNTLn D. ? i call to Prentice seemed to shiver the \- silence as stone breaks the smooth surface of a pool. Once, twice, I called-there was not Iaghost of an answer. A sudden swift sus picion camo upon me with the force of a conviction. I shut the door hurriedly, and ran up to the moonlit corridor above, from -whose window I could see all across the meadow-path for half a mile or more. A small black speck was just visible against the illuminated ground, swiftly flitting toward the Copford, and nearly already at the stile. Temptation had proved too powerful for Prentice, and he had salved his conscience by the plausible pretence of going to summon the reiegades. I knew pretty well what would become of that summons when once the fatal fascination of the ball-room, or still worse, the supper had settled upon Prentice's young soul. Probably I should be left in sole possession of Copford Manor-house' till sun rise next morning. I was not sensible of feeling the faintest sensation of fear ; I was far too vexed. In deed, I imagined I might spend my nights alone there for a month without fear of human visitants-and I did not believe in super natural ones. It was not that that annoyed "me, but the feeling that I had been the victim of a conspiracy, and that the servants had been so over-confident of my good nature and probable reluctance to betray them to my aunt. I was determined they should not slip in quietly on their return without my speak ing my mind, so I majestically descended to the back door, which I found on the latch, and with great minuteness I bolted and harred its every fastening. There was also a tiny, ?postern door which opened front the back kitchen into the thick shrubery which now filled what had once been at fish pond in the early days of the manor-house's monastic lifo: The back kitchen was then the monlks' roe 1 fectory, and there was a popular tradition that the lay brethren usecd to sit at ease ini this doorway to catch the Friday dinner. The ] great open fireplace was so close at hand that an agile turn of the wrist might transfer the Sfish from the pond to the frying-pan itself. The shrubbery grow so thick now where the fishes once dwelt that no door was visible from a the outsido, but I thought the culprits might a try to return that way; so I locked it safely f too. 1I Of course I could not go to bed, only to t rise up at their return; so I strayed about in a desultory sort of way, passing in my ramb- n lings the strong room on the ground floor- t: where all the plate and jewels lived in safes that were neither fire nor burglar-proof ; but t] which were kept in a chamber that was both, b Swith, the additional protection of the under- ti footman's iron bedstead drawn across the ~ entrance. C I noticed with a grim resentment, that the b bedstead .was carefully placed as usual, but g that no one had considered it needful to closo b, the "great: iron door, with its secret look, in before: they left the jowols and the plate to if guard themselves. w I came by-and-by to the housekeeper's riom, and sat down in Mrs. HIiggs' own es- ti poeial arm-chair, feeling very much out of be my usual unruffled frame of mind. A copy m of" the local paper lay unopened on the table, sil and to while away the time I took it up, and cn ran my eye carelessly over the columns. th There was the usual glowing account of the last garrison cricket match; various chronicles he of small beer in the neighbourhood. All at ne once I was attracted by a paragraph of a more w: exciting character, and the next minute I was wi reading with a breathless interest something lie very different from the ordinary rural intelli- fit gence. or "It is with great regret," ran the ar- eta tiolo, "that we have to record another most th daring. burglary-the third that has taken he place in this immediate neighbourhood within ni -the last ton days. Heron Court, Sir Her bert Ashton's family mansion, has been the sti scene ,of the latest outrage. It was entered ro last night, somewhere between 12 and 1 mn o'clock, and a large atnount of the most me valuable property removed, no trace whatever wi of the depredators being left, with the excop- fo: tion of several marks of skillful operation ire upon the fastening of the back door, which to was found open early in the morning by one to of the housemaids. An alarm was instantly an raised, and a search revealed the absence of a th considerable amount of family plate, beside in several sets of jewels , f great valuo. No clue wi whatever can be obtained to the culpits; but ch there is but little doubt that this outrage is the work of the same ruflians who have been bu engaged in the previous robberies, and which we aire reported to be members of a house-break- on mg gang well-known to the London police, pr which has suddenly disappeared from town ci during the last fortnight. The whole country- be side rings with the wildest stories of these co desperadoes, who are credited with super- w, human audacity and cunning. They are be- ev lieved to melt by day, under remonoto bridge arches, the plate they acquire by night; they br are reported to be armed to the teeth, and ga prepared to murder in cold blood any one sh whose resistanco might imperil their escape. th They are possessed of a marvellous knowledge of the habits and property of every household in they have defraudod-a knowledge said to be pa acquired by them in the characters of pedlars w during the day-time. But what renders them pre- oeminently a terror and a aread to the to whole neighbourhood is the mystery that N surrounds their movements. No sound at- cc tends their advent at the scene of their mis- t, deeds, yet that they have someno means of con- be voylinmo seems certain, front the suddenness tL of their arrival and doparture.. A general panic porv?ades the whole country, and no one can feel certain that they will not be the next I sttuferers." - I dropped the paper with an uneasy senes tion which I strove m vain to banish.' Had I there not been a strange pedlar at the back door only yesterday afternoon, and had not cook aharply scolded little Sally because she would linger over Iis wares and laughl and' a chatter. Nonsense: I was actually nervous ; no doubt .it was only . newspapor stoiry tl Scolored by the rural imaginaition. At all -ovents I would warn Rowirles to keep a rather stricter eye on bolts and bant for the next few nights. r f 'rl'n nlnnk tnhltrn " a.lf-past ;12, and not a servant yet re-., ,.turned. It was outrageous. .W1ith awarmth that banishled all other feelings, "I rose and made my way once more to the coiridor win \- dow to see if there were but the faintest sign of their coming along- the moonlighted meadow path. Not one. Nob a sound was heard but the soft splasa of the water over the weir; not a living creature stirred, or t ~poke, or was visible in the hush of the suummer midnight. • s Suddenly, as I still gazed out, a swift shadow flitted across the open space between 1 the ?eeond bridge and the third. Another, I another, and yet another. TVhat could it possibly be F The servants could not by tany Human means return that way from the Grange-beside, there was not the ghost of a sound. I waited breathless, and the next second saw the same noiseless shadows pass . the next moonlit patch and disappear below the short hill. Five I counted-then vacancy once more. With a sudden rush I com re hended tlhu truth - they were tricyclists mounted on their machines. Who on earth could they be P I hnd one wild thought of Charley, and even as I thought, the five silent shadows rose above the level of the hill, and passed like wraiths under the very spot where I stood. The moonlight struck full for a singlbu instant on each as it passed. There were .five men, each riding a noiseless tri Cycle, and each man's features were hidden from my straining view by a band of inky orape. Silently, one by one, each shadow flitted into the blaclness of the pineo trees' shade; `there was an instant's pause, then five dueky forms slipped from that deep darkness to the lighter shade of the garden I don't think. I'm a"coward-I hope not; but for one single moment my k-nees seemed to give way under me, and the moonlit sceone to fade before =my eyes, and I caught at the -wall where I was standing to steady myself hinm fallEng, as those five terrible figures stole round -the- corner of the walled garden and vanished min the pathway that led to the rear of the house where I, defenceless and alone, was left deserted by every human soul, to rope with a power desperate, appalling-and utterly irresistible. 