II€t i#M. She : a History of Adventure. By H. Ridjrb. Haggahd. (Author of u Ring Solomon's Mines,' 'Dawn,' 'The Witch's Head,' &c.;) INTRODUCTION. In giving to the world die record of what, looked at from that point of view only, is I suppose one of the most won derful and mysterious adventures ever experienced by mortal men, I feel it incumbent on me to explain what my exact connection with it is. And so I may as well say at once that I am not the narrator but only - the editor of this extraordinary history, and then proceed to .tell how it found its way into my hands. Some years ago I, the editor, was stopping with a bro ther at oae of tie universities, which for the purposes of this history we will call Cambridge, and was one day much struck with the appearance of two people whom I saw going arm-in-arm down the street. One of those gentle men was I think, without exception, the handsomest young fellow I have ever set eyes on. He was very tall, very broad, and had a look of power and a grace of bearing1 that seemed as native to him as it is to a wild stag. In addition his face was almost without flaw — a good face as well as a beautiful one, and when he lifted his hat, which he did just then to a passing lady, I saw that his head was covered with little golden curls growing close to the scalp. 'Good gracious!' I said to my brother, with whom I was walking, 'why, that fellow looks like a statue of Apollo come to life. What a splendid man he is.' ' Yes,' he answered, ' he is the handsomest man in the University, and one of the nicest too. They call him ' the Greek god;' but look at the other one ; he's Vincey's (that's the god's name) guardian, and supposed to be full of ©very kind of every information. They call him ? Charon.' ' Hooked andfound the older manquite as inte resting in his way as the glorified specimen of Humanity at his side. He appeared to be about 40 years of age, and vas I think as ugly as bis companion was handsome. To begin with, he was shortish, rather bow-legged, very deep chested, and with unusually long arms, lie had dar& hair and small eyes, and the hair grew right down on his fore head, and his whiskers grew right up to his hair, so that there was uncommonly little of his countenance to be seen. Altogether he reminded me forcibly of a gorilla, and yet there was something very pleasing and genial about the man's eye. I remember saying that I should like to know him. ' All right,' answered my brother, ' nothing easier. I know Vincey; I'll introduce you,' and he did, and for wane minutes we stood chatting— about the Zulu people, I think, for 1 had just returned from the Cape at the time. Presently, however, a etdutish lady, whose name I do not remember, came along the pavement, accompanied by a pretty fair-haired, girl, and these two Mr. Vincey, who clearly knew them well, at once joined, and walked off in their -company. I remember being ri-.ther amused because of the change: in the expression of the elder man, whose name I ?diBcoyerei-was Holly, when he saw the ladies advancing. He Buddeijlj stopped short in his talk, cast a reproachful look at Ins companion, and, with an abrupt nod to myself, ?turned ' and marched off alone across the street. I heard afterwards that he was popularly supposed to bo as much afraid of a woman as most people are of a mad dog, which accounted for his precipitate retreat. I cannot say, how ever, that young Vincey showed much aversion to feminine society on this occasion. Indeed I remember laughing, and remarking to my brother at the time that he was not the sort of man whom one would care to introduce to the lady one was going to many, since it is exceedingly pro bable that the acquaintance would end in a transfer of her affections. He was altogether too good-looking, and, what is more, he had none of that consciousness and conceit about him which usually afflicts handsome men and makes them deservedly disliked by their fellows. That evening my visit came to on end, and that was the laat I saw or heard of Charon and the Greek god for many along day. Indeed I have never 6een either of them from that hour to this, and do not suppose it likely that I shall. But a month ago I received a letter .and two packets, one of manuscript, and on opening . the first found that it was signed by 'Horace Holly,' a name that at the moment was not familiar to me. It ran as follows : — ' ? College, Cambridge, ' 1st May, 18—. ' My dear Sir,— You will be Buprisod,considering the very slight nature of our acquaintance, to get a letter from me. Indeed, I think I hod better begin by reminding you that we once met, now some five years ago, when your brother introduced me atd my ward Leo Vincey to you in the street at Cambridge. To be brief and come to my business. I have recently read vith much interest a book of yours describing a Central African adventure. I take it that this book is partly true, and partly an effort of the imagination. However this is, It has given ine an idea. It happens, how you will see -u the accompanying manuscript (which together wifii the Scarab,' the 'Koyal Son of the Sun,' and the original sherd, I am sending to you by hand), that my ward, or rather my adopted son, Leo Vincoy and myself have recently passed through a real African adventure, of a nature so much more marvellous than the one which you describe that to tell you the truth I am almost ashamed to submit it to you for fear lest you should disbelieve me. You will see it stated in this manuscript that I, or rather we, had made up -our minds not to make t^'s history public during our joint lives. Nor should we alter our determina tion were it not for a circumstance that has recently arisen. We are for reasons that, after perusing this manuscript, you may be able to guess, going away again, this time to Central Asia, where, if anywhere upon this earth, wisdom is to be found, and anticipate that our sojourn there will be a long one. Possibly we shall not return. Under those altered conditions it has. become a question whether we are justified in withholding from the world on account of a phenomenon -which we believe to be of unparalleled interest, merely because our private life is involved, or because we are afraid of ridicule and doubt being cast upen our statements. I hold t-no view about this matter, and Leo holds another, and finally, after much discussion, we have come to a compromise, namely, to send the history to you, giving you full leare to publish it if j'ou think fit, the only stipulation being that you shall disguise our real names, and as much concerning our identity as is consistent with the maintenance of the bonajides of the narrative. 'And now what am I to say further? I really do not know beyond once more repeating that everything described in the accompanying manuscript is exactly as it happened. As regards She herself I have nothing to add. Day by day we have greater occasion to regret that we did not bet-, ter avail ourselves of our opportunities to obtain more information from that marvellous woman. Who was she F How did she first come to the Caves of Kor, and what was her real religion F Wo never ascertained, and now, alas, we never shall, at least not yet. These and many other questions arise in my mind, but what is the good of asking them now ? ' Will you undertake the task ? We give you complete freedom, and as a reward you will certainly have the credit of giving to the world the most wonderful history as distin guished from romance that its records can show. Bead the manuscript (which I have copied fairly for your benefit), andletmekaow 'Believe toe, *' Very truly yours, 'L. Horace Hoiay. 'P.S.— Of course, if any profit results from the sale of the writing should you care to undertake it, vou can do what you like with it, but if there is a loss I' will leave instructions with my lawyers, Messrs. Geoffrey and Jordan, to meet it We entrust the sherd, the scarab, and the parchment to your keeping till such time as wo demand them back again. — L. H. H.' This letter, as may be imagined, astonished me consider ably, but when I came to look at flw MS.A which, the man* sure of other work prevented me from doing for a fortnight, ' I was still more astonished, as I think the reader will tie also, and at once made up my mind to press on with the matter. I wrote to this effect to Mr. Holly, but a week afterwards received a letter from that gentleman's lawyers, returning my own with the information that their client and Mr. Leo Vincey had already left this country for Thibet, and they did not at present know their address. Well, that is all I have to say. Of the history itself the reader must judge. I give it him, with the exception of a very few alterations, made with the object of concealing the identity of the actors from the general public, exactly as it has come to me. Personally 1 have made up my mind to refrain from .comments. At first I was inclined to believed that this history of -a woman on whom, clothed in the majesty of her almost endless years, the shadow of Eternity itself lay liko the dark ?wing of Night, was some gigantic allegory of which I could not catch the meaning. Then I thought that it might be a bold attempt to pourtray the possible results of inunortalityj grafted on the substance of a mortal wao yet drew her strength from the earth, and in whoso bosom passions yet rose and fell and beat as in the undying world around her the winds and the tides rise and fall and beat unceasingly. But as I went on I abandoned that idea also. To me the story seems to bear the stamp of truth upon its face. Its explanation I must leave to others ; and with this slight preface which circumstances make necessary, I introduce the world to Ayeslia and the Caves of Kor. The Editor. P.S. — There is on consideration one circumstance that, after a reperusal of this history, struck me with so much force that I cannot resist calling the attention of the reader to it. He will observe that so far as wo are made acquainted with him there is nothing in the character of Leo Vincey which, in the opinion of most people would have been likely to attract an intellect bo powerful as that of Aycsha. He is not even, at any rate to my view, particularly interesting. Indeed, one might hare imagined that Mr. Holly would under ordinary circumstances have easily outstripped him in favour of She. Can it be that extremes meet, and that the very excess and splendour of her mind led her by means of some strange physical reaction to worship at the sliriuo of matter ? Was that ancient Kallikrates nothing but a splendid animal beloved for his Greek beauty F Or is the true explanation what I bolicvo it to be, namely, that Ayesha, seeing further than we can see, perceived the germ and smouldering spark of greatness that lay hid within her lover's soul, and well knew that under the influence of her gift of life, watered by her wisdom, and shone upon with the sunshine of her presence, it would bloom -like a flower and flash out like a star, filling the world with fragrance and with light F Here also I am not*able to answer, but must leave tho reader to form his own judgment on the materials before him. * I. MY VISITOR. There'aresome events of which every circumstance and surrounding detail seoms to be graven on tho memory in suck fashion that we cannot forget it, and so it is with the scene that I am about to describe. It rises as. clearly beiore my inina at taw moment as tnouga it Had Happened yesterday. It was in this very month something over 20 years agro that I, Ludwig Horace Holly, was sitting one night in my rooms at Cambridge, grinding away at some mathematical work, I forget what. I was to go up for my fellowship within a week, and. was expected by my tutor aud my col lege generally to distinguish myself. At last, wearied out, I flung my book down, and, going to the mantelpiece, took down a pipe and filled it. There was a candle burning on tho mantelpiece, and a long, narrow glass at the back of it ; and as 1 was in the act of lighting the pipe I caught sight of my own countenance in the glass, and paused to reflect. The lighted match burnt away till it scorched my fingers, forcing me to drop it; but still I stood and stared at myself in the gloss, and reflected. 'Well,' I said aloud, at last, 'it is to be hoped that I shall be able to do something with the inside of my head, for 1 shall certainly never do anything by the help of the outside.' This remark will doubtless strike anybody who reads it as being slightly obscure, but I was in reality alluding to my physical deficiencies. Most men of twenty-two are endowed at any rate with' some share'of the comeliness 'of youth, but to me even this was denied. Short, thick-set, aud deep-chested almost to deformity, with long, sinewy arms, heavy features, deep-set gray eyes, a low brow half overgrown with a mop of thick black hair, like a deserted clearing on which the forest had once more begun to encroach ; such was my appearance nearly a quarter of a century ago ; aud such, with some modification, is it to this day. Like Cain, I was branded— branded by Nature with the stamp of abnormal ugliness, as I was gifted by Nature with iron and abnormal strength and considerable intellec tual powers. So ugly was 1 that the spruce young men of my college, though they were proud enough of my feats of endurance and physical prowess, did not even care to bd seen walking with me. Was it wonderful that I was misan thropic and sullon F Was it wonderful that I brooded and worked alone, and had no friends— at least, only one F I was set -apart by Nature to live alone, and draw comfort from her breast, and hers only. Women hated the sight of me. Only a week before I hod heard one call me a 'monster' when she thought I was out of hearing-, and say that I had converted her to Darwin's theory. Once, indeed, a woman pretended to care for me, and 1 lavished all the pent-up affection of my nature upon her. Then money that was to have come to me went elsewhere, and she discarded me. I pleaded with her as I have never pleaded with any living creature before or since, for I was caught by her sweet face, and loved her ; and in the end, by way of answer, she took me to the glass, and stood side by side with me, and looked into it. 'Now,' she said, ' if 1 am Beauty, who are you?' and I cursed her and fled. That was when'I was only twenty. And so I stood and stored, and felt a kind of grim satis faction in the sense of my own loneliness ; for I hod neither father, nor mother, nor brother; and as I did so there coma a knock at my door. I listened before I went to open it, for it was nearly 12 o'clock at night, and I was in no mood to admit any stranger. I had but one friend in the college, or, indeed, in the world — perhaps it was he. Just then the person outside the door coughed, and I i hastened to open it, for I knew the cough. A tall man of about thirty, with the remains of great personal beauty, came hurrying in, staggering beneath the weight of a massive iron box which he carried by a handle in his right hand. He' placed the box upon the table, and then fell into an awful- tit of coughing. He coughed and coughed till his face became quite .purple, and at lost he sank into a choir and began to spit up blood. I poured out some whisky into a tumbler, and gave it to him. He drank it, and seemed better, though his better was very bad - indeed. ' Why did you keep me standing there in the cold?' ho aBked ; ' you know the draughts are death to me.' ' I did not know who it was,' I answered. ''You are a late visitor.' *' Yes ; and I verily believe it is my Ia6t visit,' he answered, with a ghastly attempt at a smile. ' I am done, for, Holly. I am done for. I do not believe that I shall see to-morrow !' ' Nonsense !' I said. ' Let me go for a doctor.' He waved me back imperiously with his hand. ' It is sober sense; but I want no doctors. I have studied medi- . cine, and I know all about it. No doctors can help me. My last hour has come ! For a year passed I have only lived by a miracle. Now listen to me as you never listened to anybody before; for you will not have the opportunity of getting me to repeat my words. We have been friends for two years : now tell me how much do you know about meF' ' I know that you are rich, and have had a fancy to come to college long after the age that most men leave it. I know ^^ that yon have been married, and that your wife died ; and \ ^M that you have been the best, indeed almost the only, friend \ H I ever had.' ', H 'Did you know that I have a son P' - /-' ? 'No.' ? 'I have. Eajftftrejepstfd. Be'cost me his mother** ? life, and I have never been, able to bear to look upon* his face in consequence*. Holly, if you will accept the trust, I am going to leave you the boy's sole guardian. '' I sprang almost -out of my chair. 'Me!' I said. ' Yes, you. I have not studied you for two years for nothing. I have known for some time that I could not last ; and since I realised the fact I have been search ing for some one to whom I could confide the boy and this,' and he tapped the iron box. ' Sou are the man, Roily ; for, like a rugged tree, #ou are hard and sound at core. Listen: the boy will be the last survivor of one of the most ancient families of the world— that is, so far as families can. be traced. You will laugh at me when I say it, but one day it will be proved to you beyond a doubt, that the founder of the family, my sixty-fifth or sixty-sixth lineal ancestor, was an Egyptian priest of Isis, though he was himself of Grecian extraction, and was called Kallikratce, or the strong and beautiful, or, to be still more accurate, the Beautiful in strength ! His father was, I believe, one of the Greek mercenaries raised by Hakor, a Mendesian prince of the twenty-ninth dynasty. In or about the year 339 before Christ, just at the time of the final fall of the Pharaohs, this Kallikrates broke his vows of celibacy and fled from Egypt with a princess of royal blood who had fallen in love with him, and was finally' wrecked upon the coast of Africa, somewhere, as I believe, in tho neighbour hood of where Delagoa Cay now is, or rather to the north of it, he and his wife being saved, and all the remainder of their company destroyed in one way or another. Here they endured great hardships, but were at last entertained by the miphty queen of a savage people, a white woman of peculiar loveliness, who, under circumstances which I can not enter into, but which, you will one day learn, if you live, from tho contents of the box, finally murdered 'my ancestor, Kallikrates. His wife, however, escaped — how, I know not — to Athens, bearing a child -with her, whom she named Tisisthenes, or the Mighty Avenger. Five hundred years or more afterwards the family migrated to Eome under circumstances of which no trace remains ; and hero, probably with the object of preserving the idea^of vengeance which we find set out in Tisisthenes, they appear to have pretty regularly assumed the cognomen of Vindex, or Avenger. Here, too, they remained for another five cen turies or more, till about 770 a.d., when Charlemagne invaded Lombardy, ?where they were then settled, whereon tile head of the family seems to have attached himself to the great Emperor, and to have returned with him across the Alps, and finally to have settled in Brittany. Six genera tions later his lineal representative crossed to England in the reign of Edward the Confessor, and in the time of ?William the Conqueror was advanced to great honour and power. From that time till the present dav I can trace my descent without a break. Not that the Vinceys — for that was the final corruption of the name after its bearers took root in English soil — have been particularly distinguished ; they never came much to the fore. Sometimes they were soldiers, sometimes merchants ; but, on the whole, they have preserved a dead level of respectability, and a still deader level of mediocrity. From the time of Charles II. till the beginning of the present century they were mer chants. About 1790 my grandfather mode a considerable fortune out of brewing, and retired. In 1821 he died, and my father succeeded him, and dissipated most of the money. Ten years ago he died also, leaving me a not income of about two thousand a year. Then it was that I undertook an expedition in connection with that,' and he pointed to tho iron chest, ''which ended disastrously enough. On my way back I travelled in the South of Europe, and finally reached Athens. There I met my beloved wife, who might ?well also have been called the * Beautiful,' like my old Greek ancestor. There I married her, and there, a year after wards, she died.' He paused a while, his head sunk upon his hand, and then continued— . ' My marriage ha-? diverted ra€ from a project which 1 cannot enter into now. I have no time, Holly — I have no time ! One 'day, if you accept my trust, you will learn all about it. After my ?wife's death I turned my mind to it again. But first it was necessary, or, at least, I conceived that it was necessary, that I should attain to a perfect knowledge of Eastern dialects, especially Arabic. It was to facilitate my studies that I came ? here. Very soon, how ever, my disease developed itself, and now there is an end of me.' And as though to emphasise his words he burst into another terrible fit of coughing. I gave him some more whisky, and after resting he vent on — ' I have never seen my boy Leo since he was 'a tiny baby. I never could see him, but they tell me that he is a quick and handsome child. In this envelope,' and he pro duced a letter from his'pocket addressed to myself, 'I have jotted down the course I wish followed in the boy's educa tion. It is a somewhat peculiar one. At any rate, I could not entrust it to a stranger. Once more, will you under talc it?' ' I must first know what I am to undertake,' I answered. ' You are to undertake to have the boy Leo to live with you till ho is twenty-five years of age — not to send him to school, remember. On his twenty-fifth birthday your guardianship will ead, and you will then, with the keys that I give you now ' (and he placed them on the table) ' open -the. ircn box, and let him see and read the contents, and say whether or no he is willing to undertake the quest. There is no obligation on him to do so. Now, as regards terms. My present income is two thousand two hundred a year. Half of that income I have secured to you by will lor life contingently on your undertaking the guardian ship — that is, one thousand- a year remuneration to your Belf, for you will have to give up your life to it, and one hundred a year to pay for the board of the boy. The rest is to accumulate till Leo is twenty-five, po that there may be a sum in hand should he wish to undertake the quest of ?which I spoke.' 'And suppose I were to die?' I asked. ' Then the boy must become a ward of Chancery and take his chance. Only be careful that the iron chest is passed on to him by your will. Listen, Holly ; don't refuse me. - Believe me, this is to your advantage. You are not fit to'mix with the world — it would only embitter vou. In a few weeks you will become a Fellow of your college, and the income that you will derive from that, combined with what I have left you, will enable you to live a life of learned leisure, alternated with the sport of which you are so fond, euch as will exactly suit you.' He paused, and looked at me anxiously, but I still hesi tated. The charge seemed so very strange. ' For my sake, Holly. We have been good friends, and I have no time to make other arrangements.' 'Very well,' I said; 'I will do it, provided there is nothing in this paper to make me change mv mind,' and I touched tho envelope ho had put upon the table by the keys. ' Thank you, Holly, thank you. There is nothing at all. Swear to me by God that you will be a father to the boy, and follow my directions to the letter.' ' I swear if,' I answered solemnly. ' Very well ; remember that perhaps one day I shall ask for the account of your oath, for though lam dead and forgotten, yet shall I live. There is no such thing as death, Holly, only a change ; and as you may perhaps learn in time to come, I believe that even here that change could under certain circumstances be indefinitely postponed,' and here again, he broke into one of his dreadful fits of coughing. ' There,' he said, ' I must go ; you have the chest, and my will will be found among the papers, under the author ity of which the child will be handed over to you. You will be well paid, Holly, and I know that you are honest ; but if you betray my trusty by heaven I will haunt you.' I said nothing, being, indeed, too bewildered to speak, He held up the candle and looked at his own face in the glass. . It had been a beautiful face, but disease had wrecked it. ' Food for the worms,' he said. ' Curious to think that in a few hours I shall be stiff and cold — the journey done, the little game played out. Ah, me, Holly ! life is not worth tho trouble of life, except when one is in love — at least mine has not been; but the boy Leo's may be if he has the courage and the faith. Good-bye, my friend !' and, with a sudden access of tenderness, he flung his arm about me and kissed me on the forehead, and then turned 'S^go. ' Look here, Vincey,' I said, 'if you are as ill as you think, you had better let me fetch a doctor.' i' No, no,' he eaid, earnestly, 'Promise mo that yog won't. I am going to die, and, like a poisoned rat, 1 wish to die alone.' ' I don't believe that you are going to do anything of the sort,' I answered. He 'smiled, and with the word ' Re member' on his lips, was gone. As for myself, I sat down and rubbed my eyes, wondering if I had been asleep. As this supposition would not bear investigation I gave it up, and began to think that Vincey must have been drinking. I knew that he was, and had been, very ill : but still it seemed impossible that he could be in such a condition as to be able to know for certain that h« would not outlive the night. Had he been so near dissolution, surely he would scarcely have been able to walk, and carry a heavy iron box with Mm. The whole story, on reflection, seemed to me utterly incredible, for I was not then old enough to be aware how many things happen in this world that the common sense of the average man would set down a6 so im probable as to be absolutely impossible This is a fact that I have only recently mastered. Was it likely that a man would have a son five years of age whom he had never seen since he was a tiny infant? No. Was it likely that he could foretell his own death so accurately ? No. Was it likely that he could trace his pedigree for more than three centuries before Christ, or that he would suddenly confide the absolute guardianship of his child, and leave half his fortune to a college friend ? Most certainly not. Clearly, Vincey was either drunk or mad. That being so, what did it mean 'i and what was in the sealed iron chest? The whole thing baffled and puzzled me to such an extent that at Ia6t I could stand it no longer, and determined to sleep over it. So 1 jumped up, and, having put the keys and the letter that Vincey had left away intxTmy despatch-box, and stowed the iron chest in a large portmanteau, I turned in, and was soon fast asleep. As it seemed to me, I had only been asleep for a few minutes when I was awakened by somebody calling me. I sat up and rubbed my eyes ; it was broad daylight — eight o'clock, in fact. ' Why, what is the matter with you, John ? ' I asked of the gyp who waited on Vincey and myself. ' You look as though you had seen a ghost !' ' Yes, sir, and so lhave,' he answered ; 'leastwise, I've seen a corpse, which is worse. I've been in to call Mr. Vincey, as usual, and there he lies, stark and dead.' (2b be continued.) 