MATTHEW, MARK, LUKE, AND JOHN. BY II. E. 6CI7DDJB. Tho gastronomic und the religious are BO blonded the popular notion of Christmas, that it seems as if wo might be speaking of some mysterious rite when wo e»y that the Bev. Matthew Dyor was eating his Christmas dinner alono at a restaurant. He would hnnselt have said M. Dyer, and by this whisking off of the gown ana the Scriptural name, the mysterious rite becomes merely a commonplace, if melancholy, work of necessity it was not at a parson, but as a man of business, that he found himself in this isolated condition. A regular | coursc at the theological school and tbo occupation ot a country parish for a dozen years had given an unmistakably clerical stamp to his face and manner ; the card whioh he carried in his pocket and the errands on which he went declared him an agent of the Methuselah Life Insurance Company. When his cards were to be printed, the clerk of the company suggested that he should spell his name in full, BO as to give the card a more imposing appearance. " No," Baid Mr. Dyer, gravely. Matthew Dyerthe Rev. Matthew Dyer—that has something socrei about it. M. Dyer is my secular name. His titular name was laid aside with his white cravat, only to be resumed once in a whilo when he served as a stop-gap when a congregation was at its wit'B end oil a 8su.nd.ay morning. Any one sermon preached then would explain how a hundred such in a year must have proved too much for the most long-suffering people. 1 oor man ! To a theological education he had been able to add the animation of a atiU unexpended youth ; but when tins was gone, the dry remainder of his theology was like so much old parched corn, and he was turned away—he and his wife and ten children. " TTn nntnrpd the service of The Methuselah, witii a resolve to make his new occupation a semi-parochial one, and to us^uch opportunities a, presented themselves ana k> use »ucu uppuruuu^i ^ „_„:„„ fhn for giving religious advice, as well as urgmg the importance of life msurance. ThiB seemed to be in tlfc spirit of the literature of the office, and served in part . iL nrli^nliVi A fnlh. n f nnfrnrklTlCT Vlim to quiet tho uneasiness which he felt at unfrocking himself He Baid aa much to the president of the company • b U t ?rat^rMr d SyT,"^d the present. "It is inai u wwi, mi. r LyTSr Good Book 8omewh^re; aS I S it aid's Specially to such as are of the household S S ' I havToften thought of those last words, and m ^ y 'O your R . N I ^ RD ~Vnd° rhrpWum iJ C paid, m tiicn^you will have nroarhinp vou'll find these people shy ot you. it s a i eoodfthing a very ROOd thingVbut you must remember ILt you l^re flvors to ask. If 8 true you do them a | -in -a certain I've knot^that operato'favourably I am free to confess, in in ^bringing brineine aooM about a policy policy; ; but you don't want to dis- Z T T ^ X ^ ^ ever, i leave iub J . , . I Z T ^ J T y ^ l Z o ^ ^ ^ ^ uolicieB and iTwon't do to let anything interfere with " Vnn want to be 'diligent in business,' as the Good that, lou -• ^ Book says somewhere." The president's caution was not without its effect^; but the occupation itself did more to modify Mr. Dyer's zeal. The appoalto his self- interest which the president's unctaoua words had made was powerfully re- Dyer 0 found S S f f S ^ n g " h f ^ f o r 'the I ^ L S n e d o n S p S T Christmas Day tlM ho WM a^ffrom his home, in a great city, where he had T f a S r friers. Thus it wis that he fonnd himself under^hTnoc"Sy of eating his Christmas dinner alone, Tho reataurant which he entered was quite de 8ertod, Z xne rescBuraiit r S d e wmuu UD ; _ « impr^Tve • .. , by _ the ficure of tho solitaTy^waiter, who flitted about .Long them ivmX a touch here and there, as if he were him- se^™'white ghost, attending the demands of a multitude .. . . . • " : 1.1 „ IL « I F sliahtly more invisible than himself. TIT*. TLPOTI'N IRNRFN Mr. Dyer's wants wrre were simpie, sLX" but oul luu tho waiter vrw,. ^ decoratod ,. the - dinner if the with very f a vast deal ° f , " o f The '^o meagreness of tho u Ze ceremonv with a diner IuuBtma™.. made it necessary — T to nvolop „ . the ceMmon, i-wtont with a Mnnri nf unrvice. The waiter was short ana tnics-set, clona ot Bervice. iu» ««j n>ln„ ld._ B i{ with his head set a little forward onju» shoulder 5 as?t constant readiness for order!, had given him a perma- 1 i T J ^ t ^ t ^ f i : ^ ^ 0 U | r nmbs orim^inary dirt, and making ready in a variety of wa?s or S7ble crowd of gufsts. In one of his excursioruho busied himself at a table near to that lE Dyer at. The retiring parson in this soliter5 dinner b i to assert iUelf gently, and to suggest £ he« WM^opportunity to do aiittle good to a Mow noSS. Itra imposaible, this momtor eaid, that anv harm could come to the life msurance business bv a word said now in season. While he was meditating a series of questions and slowly eating his dinner, the waiter suddenly accoBted him in a half whisper :- " You're a minister, ain't you ?" '* Y« " said Mr Dter. pleased ®t not being oftlled on to make nake the firist move. " At leaet, . I have been." J "I thought maybe you wae. •• —The man seemed -a 1 little uneasy, aa if he had gone too far to retreat, yet feared to take the next step. "Can I do anything for you. to- day?" asked Mr, Dyer, with a shamefaced feeling that his question was put in a business rather than in a clerical form. "I don't know. I was bold to epeak of it; but I've asked a good many minister!, and they're always kind,, but they Wen't helped me. They meant weU enough, and it wasn't their fault; but I can't help asking one w>,«n T SAB him " Mr Dyer was hardly assured by the faoe ^"It's a good while since I have been in the ministry" he interrupted, deprecating some knotty theologioal nroblem • " but I should be glad to hear your difficulty. £nd to meet it to the best of my ability. I should like to help somebody to-day. You know it's Chriitmw, though - I belong • • to a church • ..!.•. that does not *— make much of Christmas." . " I .know it's Christmas, sir, and that s why it s so much on my mind. You see, sir, it was two years ago this very day, on Christmas, that I got into trouble. It goes hard with me to speak 0f it now; but if I do maybe tometime I shell get help. I had a little boy, sir--he was only three years old then—and I thought a world of him. His mother was dead, and me and Luke lived alone. You don't know of any little boy about five years old with the name of Luke ?" The man leaned his two fists on the table, hie towel under hi» Wn>, and looked wistfully at Mr, Dyer. OR No " said Mr. Dyer slowly, waiting a littlo in hopes some Luke would appear lo LIB memory. " Likely not," Baid the man, with the old look returning to his face; "likely not. But, if you don't mind, I'll tell ^ you about it. Mo and Lnko lived togethor. His ^ .^oad. Sho died when he was two yours old _ ^ doa. L look like ^ yoU) p^h-aps, sir, but I ^ ^ q{ th(j liulo cLap afler that. I was a shoemaker . lra(] 0i atld had a little shop. I was a bit clu al)0ut the i)Dy when I began with him, and I faia clollies did ] 0ok queer BometimeB. I hadn't notioed muoll how his mother buttonod them, aforo or behind| and the ^ p BOmetj meB told me one thing d BOmeti mefl another, and wo droased him together, ^ ^ ^ ^j iero a y adv UBcd ^ conie t 0 ^ motl when ehe ]ay Bick) Hnd she offered to take the boy and put him in a home ; but 1 said how I'd by a homo and he might live along with me. It was queer work at first, sir, and the food didn't always agree with him. I was rather a high liver myself, you sco, and ^ rkli lhi when j ceuld get lhonQi and look ^ ded of sauc0 and grayy_ Tllat. B partly w)ly j gav0 tl, ade and ^ok to waiting ; but more because I ^ ^ to look out for Lake. As long as he was living m{) 1 Bluck l(j my lrado_ W e got along vel. y nicely, ^ be w vo fond of m(J Ha usod ^ cnll we ip > and J l et him. I wasn't any relation of his; but^f course, I didn't let on to him. " I never knew his I fat^er and never saw him. His mother was a poor woma^ who lived in th e Bam0 house with me, and the liWe- cll UBed ^ run j nto my „hop. I liked him. He I ^ & u htfclc folloW) and his mother had fc , t bim BUch pretty little tricks. He'd away of ata° di and making a bow that was prettier than any ^ ^ ^oukeJj and i t aught him one or two myself HeI(1 play a d 8tandinr — '---J — ^ I ^ h bits of bread in hiB mouth. . The little fellow grew very fona „i me, ™ x ™ you, sir, but I loved him as if he was my own Add. made a little bed for lum alongside of mine, and the way | J™ )>in nf thn he'd sometimes wake in the middle of the n' night ipht and say Pappy, hand ?' when he wanted to feel hie hand in mine; -and then, after a while, if he was awake, and it was cold, he'd Bay : ' Please, Pappy, Ook get into Pappy's bed ? 1 Ook was what he called himself. He couldn't speak I very plain. I do^t know as children three years old under can. I don t know much about children LuTwas the only little fellow I ever knew I get talk- ing about him, sir when I get a-going; and I know it s all foolishness The ministers generally hsten to me, ^ I I ^ ' M T ^ t Jd peopl/like to hear me talk m/ch about yoU "" r B , Be 116 T gone y<^rs now_-pst two years this very day I had got a prime Chmtmas dinner for us ^o. andha,! gone see how I could make it without lots of oil, and that cosU. There is a way, though to make it with eggs l rthem d i n ieft 2 3 °Se e iS; s'ho He'd got the shoe-stringso^ f or rei ns alld he had a spring bootjack—I remember it an BO well and he was lofting along with his horse. I always put my knives ou of his rcach,, and often I left "i" 1 10116 ln a tne sliop, just a nine wuue wnen i naa to go out. He looked up at me as I was a-going out " "Oo going far, Pappy ? ' he asked. " ' No,' says I, ' my pet. I'm going to got some celory.' " ' 'Oo going to get gome colory for Ook ?' "' Yes, I am,' says I; ' and I'll ha right back So I gave him a kiss and set him down a^in, and went oJT. my t^ble , When I came back I went into the shop and couldn't see Luke. I thought maybe he d gone out -though I didn't see how ho could open the door (ho never could-and had gone in to some of the neighbors. And I wasn't airnouB ; but I went to get him. Sir, he I wasn't tn to hn be fnund. found Luke Luke wasn wasn't t to to be be found. found, My off UUle boy had gone ofl or somebody had taken him and I haven t soon him to this day I "Bloss ' Bloss my my Dyer. " Didu't soul! cxckimcd Mr. ask the police ? Didn't you ask tho neighbors, or y° - . try The to do waiter anything looked to at find bun him/ with rndd surprise. I " Try to find him ! Ask tho police ! Why, I'm try ing to find him still. I asked the police and tho neigh hours 6 and ther(j there wm& wa« a hunt inade made for lor hln, mm. i iul Hut 1 I was ^ i uumo, ^^^ •,,..,, . , , a poor man, sir. I had little money to pay; and when p ^ boy's father, they grow l^toia tnem. t 1 , > f c L d t f wasthatone of the neighbours thought h 0 eaw Luke go off with a man j but she didnt pay much attention There isn't such a row made, sir, about a poor httle boy disappearmg as when some gentleman's son is carried off. But I ha vent given up looking for Luke and asking for hum It isn t much use, though for I sunpose Ins name is changed. But know I should knowliim if I ever set eyes on him. " And you said his name was Luke ? said Mr. Dyer, again searching his memory, for at the moment it seemed that the be Bt thing he could do for this poor man was to give him back his lost child. "Yes, sir. Luke Laval. Ook Aval he called himself. But I eupposa he speaks plainly now. - The waiter began busily setting m order the adjoining tables. Luke Laval. And your name ? " Mark Rochester, sir," " Where do you live ?" continued Mr. Dyer, taking out his memorandum-book. At Number Seven, Hollis Court." Well," said Mr. Dyer briskly, "I have taken down the addreu, Mark. I have a jgobd maqv acquaintances and I'll ^ tell what » I - have heard. PernapB something will come of it. Who knows t " You're very good, sir. I thought, being a minister, you might know Borne poor people ; though why a poor m&n; Bhoul d carry off Luke I don't know, I'm sure. But I always ask ministers^ I beg your pardon, sir jHare yon any more orders f" . ; But: Mr. Dyer had no more, M«Mark was going meekly about his business. Mr. Dyer moved uneasily in his chair. 1 " Mark," he whispered. " Yes, sir." " It's pretty hard for you." " Yes, air. " And on Christmas Day too. You said it was Christmas when he was taken off." ". YeBj sir. Christmas two years ago." C " Pm very Wry for you." " Yes, sir. Thank you kindly." Something . „ in the man'8 patient . carrying . of kia burden fell heavily upon Mr. Dyer, and he got up to leave Any formal'religu>BBjj*ion seemed impertinent,.a^d be I could cot bring himielf to say anything bat the sincerest words. All ho did was to take Mark's hand, and to say again: " I am very sorry." Perhaps, after all, that was somcLliing. It happened that not long after this Mr. Dycv was naked to supply tho pulpit, for a Sunday, of tho church whore ho had formerly been settled. Although ho hid loft the pluco with the easily-obtained consent of (l majority of tho poople, there was a small fragment always constant to him, and tho separation of two or thvoo years, with tho customary disappointments of a church looking for a minister, had served to lessen the impatience with which Mr. Dyer was regarded by the parish at largo. So that when he cauio buck for the Sunday ho was cordially entertained, and liBtoncd to with something more than respect. I'eople said thore liango in Mr. Dyer ; that possibly an oncounter with tho world had sharpened his wild. Be that tie it may, tbo return to old scene-a brought with it a certain liveliness of feoling, which was not without its UEcinlhe pulpit, even though it was expended on an old sermon. But tho moat noticeable change was in the evening, when he attended the church prayer-meeting. There, wishing to give his old poople something of the benefit of his muro extended travels, he bethought himself of little incident of his Christmas dinner. He suppressed, indeed, some of tho minor particulars. The waiter was restored to his original calling of cobbler, as a pursuit more proper to be referred to, and some of IIIB idiosyncrasies were omitted as unnecessary. He half enturcd, in telling tho Btory, to repeat the child's familiar language ; but questioned his ability to carry off the assumption. He mentioned the child's name, however, to give a greater air of probability to his story. " Now," he ended, " here is an incident of city life which I myself came to know. You sometimes Bee in your papers mention of a missing child, and sometimes a eood deal of excitement follows in consequence. You know nothing of such things in your quiet village. Country life goes on in a regular way. But think of coming home and finding your little boy Btolen away, and you never able to get him back again, though you make all possible inquiries about him. You should be thankful for your Christian homes and firesides. Above all, think of this poor man who befriended the child, when there was no one to care for him, give him a home and affection, and showed thus his real Christian feeling. Ho was one of those of whom it is said : ' Inasmuch as yehavedoneil unto one of the least of these My brethren, ye have done it unto Me.' " Mr. Dyer felt a boldness in these last words which was not BO apparent to his hearers. To thorn it soemed a very proper thing to say ; but he himself wondered whelhor he ought to have gono so far, when he had not used the opportunity which ho had to assure himself of Mark's spiritual attitude. The repetition of the ineidont stimulated liis own interest. Kor could he help having a passing thought that, after all, if ho-were working among the poor in a great city he might not be such a failure as a minister. " It is this unovontful country life," he explained to himself, " that has compelled me to make my sermons here out of nothing. Why if were coming aoroBS such men us Mark Rochester all the while, I should have abundant material for sermons, and especially for illustration." When the meeting was ovor several of his old parishioners, stopped to shake hands with him. Hovoring in the background was old Betty Morrison, whose name, indeed, he had forgotten, but whose face he remembered as that of a poor woman who lived in the village, and was callcd upon for vuriouB services whonovor a household needed more than its UEual force. Sho waited until tho rest had gone and the lights were ox tinguishod in the lecture-room. Mr. Dyer left the room with Deacon Graham, with whom he was staying, and discovered Betty in tho passago by tho door. He smilod good- naturedly at her. Something in his clay's ex pcriencc gave him a sense of being not quite the useless or coHimon-placo person which lie wit9 wont to think himself. " May 1 have a word with yon, Mr. Dyer ? " "Cortaiulv. 1 am glad to see you. How do you do ? " " May 1 come in to sec you at Dcacon Graham's a minute in the morning? " " Do corno." And, as she loft hiui he asked liis com panion what her name was. " Her face looks familiar, but I can't recall her name." "Oh, that is Botty Morrison. She works for tho whole village. I dare suy she has helped your wife." " iTce, 1 remember now." Tho nest morning, directly after breakfast, BeLty called at tho Deacon's. Mr. l)yor went out into tho entry to sec her. She rose from hor chair and stood before him, folding and refolding a pocket-handkerchief which she held. " Sit down, BoLty," eaid the minister. " 1 remember you very well. I hope you are getting along very nicely." " Pretty well, sir. 1 came to speak with you about tho little boy." " Tho littlo boy .•' " " You spoke about him last night." Betty's eyes wer cast down, and she made her handkerchief into a very small pattern. " Do you want to ask mo more about him ? " " I wanted to tell you Bomething about him, sir." " What ? Do you think you know where he is ? " Betty Bpread her handkerchief smooth upon her lap and kept her eyes fixed upon it, while she rolled ono of tho corners. "It was very good of the man," she began. "I did not know about him. What was his name ? " " The man who took care of httle Luke P Mark Ro cheater." " It was he that Luke called Pappy," said she. Then she lifted up her eyes to Mr. Dyor, and said, while her mouth twitched : " The boy is my grandson. Ho is Mary's boy." Her eyes fell again, and she went on, more hurriedly : " Mary was my daughter. She was a beautiful girl, and John Laval married her. He took her away, and I never saw her again. He left my poor girl He -was a bad man. He came to me for money, would not give him any. Then he came again and said Mary sent him. I told him if he would bring Mary back to me I would give him all the money I had. Ho came again; but he did not bring Mary. Mary WHS dead, and he brought httle Luke. It was Christmas Day, two years ago. I gave him all the money I had, and he went away. I misdoubted if Luke was Mary's child, though he looked like her, for John was a wicked man. But I heard you last night, and then I was sure. He oan't be taken away again ? ' and Bhe looked up at Mr. Dyer. " No ; I should Bay not. Mark will foel very glad to he&r; he is safe ; but ho loved tho little follow, and it will go-fcard with "him not to see'him again," " Ploase, sir, I was thinking would you como to eeo tho boy. And you could tell Mr. Rochester how happy he is." . ^ "Til go right away," said Mr. Dyer, " for tny train leaves in an hour;" and he put on his coat and followed Betty. "I don'k seem to remember your daughter, Botty," ho said, as they walked togotcr. " I kept her much at home, Bir, and I wouldn't trouble tho minister. He was busy." Mr. Dyer was silent. A review of his pastoral work lioro brought back more sins of omission than of commission. Might thore not have been in his day incidents in family lit'o indicative of something boBidos an unudled course of life? Mary Morrisons exporionco seemed to prove it. As thoy came to Betty's houso a little boy came running out. " Nalimeuie ! " ho shouted. " That's mo," Btiid Botty, with a wrinkle in her faco. Ho couldn't say grandma plain when he first came to me ; 60 ho mado up that word, and I like it just as well. Shako bauds with the gontleumn, Luke." Does he remembor Mark : " asked Mr. Dyer. Ask him." Who took care of you wl eu you were a little boy, Luke ? " " Pappy." " And where'e l'appv ? " " With God." " Where did he learn that, Betty P " " When he came to me, sir, he had a little prayer which Mr. Rochester taught him. Ho didn't know Mr. Rochester's name, you know, but he used to prav : 1 God bloss my P;ippy. God bleas Luke and make him a good boy.' Now, somehow, he's got things a little mixed up, and always says Pappy's with God.' He's not far wrong," Baid Mr. Dyer. " Luke, I'm going to Beo your Pappy. What shall I say to him for you V " "Tell him Luko's a good boy," and off he ran. It was not long after this that Mr. Dyer's business took him again to the city, and at the first opportunity he sought lor Number Seven, Hollis Court. Ho chose the evening as a time when Mark would not be so likely to be away. He found tho little court, and had no difficulty in discovering Number Seven, for there was Mark's sign hanging before the door. "So he lias returned to shoomaking, has he ? " he said to himself, as he knockod at the door. No one answered, and he turned tho handlo. He found himself in a little shop, with somo partly-finished work and an awl lying on the bench. A child's toy-cart was on the floor, and a little rush-bottomed chair. "What new child haB ho adopted ?" he wondered, half disappointed that he should have substituted some one for Luke. He sat down, a lamp burning dimly by his Bide, and waited for Mark. A door waa at the other end of the shop, and he heard teps beyond it ; so ho went forward to see if he could make out any ono. The door opened upon a staircase, and a light was at the head of the stairs. As he looked up, before venturing, there was a shadow, and presently a figure camc in Bight. Is anyone below ? " asked a voice. Yes. I am here," said Mr. Dyer. "Is it you, Mark Rochester ? " " It is, sir. I'll be down at once." And he came down, keeping up a clicking sound as he came. As he emerged into the httle shop Mr. Dyer saw that he was beating eggs in a small Russian bowl. " You won't mind my keeping on ? " he said. " No. Have you got another little boy, and are you making something nice for him ? " Another httle boy ? No. Ah! I didu't quite make you out at first, Bir. You're tho minister I spoke to at Christmas. I'm glad to see ye." I saw th0B0 playthings, and thought you had found aome other child to be kind to." They are Luke's, sir. I've never Btirrod them. I wanted to have the place look natural if he ever came back." So you've givon up your waiting and have gone back to cobbling ? " No, sir. I'm at the same place. But you Bee Luke went off so strange. I've never got over the notion ho might come back, and I shouldn't want it hard for him to find mo." Ho kept boating his eggs vigorously. You haven't lost your liking for good cooking, I said Mr. Dyor, Biniling. " Perhaps you'll have a chance yet to see Luke tasting your dainties." " Maybo, sir." " I think I can tell you something about Luke," said Mr. Dyer. "I have traced him." Mark laid his bowl down j ho was noL givon to demonstration, and now ho folded his hands only and looked at Mr. Dyer. " It was his father that carried him away." " I thought it likely." " You did not tell mc that." "I BUBpootod it only, sir. 1 lmd no right lo accuse him." "He carried the boy away and took him to his grandmother." " And Luke is living with hiB grandmother ? " " I saw him a few days ago." " God be praised! " " I asked him what message I should bring lo you, and he said, 'Tell Pappy Luke is a good boy.' " A smilo spread over Mark's face, tho only one Mr. Dyer had over Been on it. " Ho Baid that ? " 1 1 Yes j and he Bays a httle prayer for you every night." " I thank you, Bir. 1 thank you." "Do not thank me, Mark, I have done nothing. I found him quite by accident. I waa in " " Please, sir, if you please, I'd rather not, He's in good hands, and it might worrit me if I tried to think how I might get to see him. We'd have to begin over again, you see, and he might not take to me. I'm very glad to hear he's safe, and now I can think of tho little fellow and his pretty ways, and not have any anxiety, as I have had. You see, sir, there wasn't anyone to take care of him then, and he cuddled to me, and I was very happy with him ; but it waa all because ho didn't know anybody else, and now I should only bo just ono of a good many, and I'd rather not. But you make me very glad that I need have no anxiety about him. I rieed have none, eh, Bir ?" " None at all, Mark. He is in excellent hands." " Thank you, sir. Thank you very much." " I aui often in the city, Mark, said Mr. Dyer on leaving, " though I do not live here. I will give you my address, and whenever I can be of use to me sBnd for me. And will you let me come to see you once in a while?" " I shall take it very kindly," said Mark. It waa a week only after this visit that Mr. Dyer found one day a message for him to go to Hollis Court. As he opened the door of the little shop, he found a change. The playthings were gone; but work was going on. Mark himself sat at the bench, with a leather apron on, busy over a shoe. " Havo you gono back to your old work ? " asked Mr. Dyer. " Yes, sir. It was not convenient to be away; and I think porhaps I was getting a bit too fond of tho tible. You are very good to come, sir. You have taken an interest in the little boy, and you are a minister of God. I thought maybe you would come hire again and see a poor licit man upstairs." 9 Mark went on again with his work. " It is a long time sinoe I visited the Bick," began the ex-minister with a sense of shame, And then he added: " But I BhaU be glad if I can help anybody after you have helped him." "Ho is a poor, sick man," resumed Mark. "I think he is dying. I do not mind telling you, sir, it is John Laval, Luke's father." " Luke's fathor P Here!" " YOB, sir. Ho came hore protty far gone, and I hod a corner whore I put him. I mistrusted who it was for something ho Baid; but ho didn't tell me till after you was horo the other day. And I thought maybe you'd like to see him, becauBo you've Eeen Luke, you know, and could tell him about him," " Was ho here thu night I was lioro I- 1 " " Yos, sir. And I suspect he heard u» talking." Matthew Dyer remained Bilont awhile. " He'll not hear many words, I think, sir. But he'd like to hear about the child, maybe ; and perhaps a prayer. Eh P" He looked up inquiringly at Mr. Dyor, as the minister roBe. " I will go now," said he. "Please, sir, I think it would bo loss confusing, perhaps to him if you were to go up alone." The door loading to the Btaircase WUB open for him, and following the light which came down from above, Mr. Dyer made his way into the chamber where John Laval lay. A sack in the corner was Mark's resting- place, apparently the bed having been given up to the sick man. Laval was in the last Btages of consumption, and looked with large full eyes, which once might have been luBtrouB with beauty upon the incomcr. "Mark Rochester asked me to come up to see you," said Mr. Dyer, taking the hand which lay on the bedclothes. " Were you the one who was hero a week or more ago ? " whispered the man, "Yes. I came to tell Mark that I had seen his little Luke." " YOB, yes," said Laval quickly, with his short breath. " I know. But tell me about him." " I saw him at his grandmother's," began Mr. Dyer. " No ! " he exclaimed, in a fierce wliiBper. " Tell me about him. Tell me about Mark Rochester." It was a simple Btory that Mr. Dyer bad to tell. He did not try to make an impressive narrative of it. He assumed that Laval did not know what had been done, and told him in a few words of Mark's patient care of Luke; of his uncomplaining, unreproachful search ; of hiB contentment that the child was well, though he himself w&a; left out of the joy of discovery and new sight. He could not draw any moral at the end. He waB not speaking to a gathering of people; but all the while that he spoke he seemed himself to be the hearer. " Matthew Dyer, Matthew Dyer, look at this man, look at this man ! " was all the while sounding in his ears. He stopped finally. Laval was quiet ; but presently be beckoned to Matthew to come closer. " He knows that I am Luke's father, and that I left my wife to starve and then Btole the child from him ; and yet he cares For me, for me !" " Let us ask him to pray with us," Baid Matthew, impulsively, and going to the stairs he called to Mark. The man laid RBide hiB tools and came up. " We want you to pray with UB," said Matthew, bowing his head—" this noor man and I." " Gladly, sir," and he knelt by the bed. Matthew also knelt, end there was profound silence. " It's you, Mark," said John ; for Mark waB plainly waiting for Matthew. " Yes, Mark. I cannot pray ! " said Matthew. The man, much wondering, obeyed. He knew but one prayer, the Lord's prayer ; but he knew it, in the significant phrase, by heart, and each petition came forth, each phrase, aB if winged straight for the listening ear of God. "Amen!" said the others. It sometimes happens that one has been compelled to keep watch all night, and when morning comes, opens the BhutterB to let in the broad sunlight, which makes the light of lamp or candle or fire to become instantly pale. It was somewhat thus with Matthew Dyer, that an illumination from the life of one simple-minded, Bingle- liearted, and truly religious man put out such feeble aids as he had used before. He became filled from this time with a divine discontent, and entered upon a re-habilitation of his ministerial profession. He turned preacher once more, and the common people heard him gladly. I shall never forget the Christmas sermon which I once heard him preach from the words, " And a little child shall lead them." 