THE YANYARIE « GHOST.' TO THE EDITOB. Sir — Superstition does really die hard. One would think that after the thorough exposure of the famous Davenport Brothers 'spirit manifestations,' and hundreds of other 'spirit mediums' of more recent times, that folks would not so readily yield to the belief in the ' unnatural.' But according to your Cradock correspondent's letter of May 16 people are as easily gulled as ever. With your permission I shall undertake to show that the performances of that 'ghost' are quite 'natural.' That 'ghost' has intelligence ; this is shown from its being able to answer queries so readily, and sometimes accurately. To possess intelligence signifies the possession of a brain. The ' ghost' must also be possessed ot hands or feet to cause the rapping. Mr. Shegog proved conclusively that it has hands and feet. Now, sir, if a ghost possesses a brain, and hands and feet, it must be a very natural thing. Like other natural beings, this 'ghost' is not always correct in its information. In the first hut, near the creek, it waa a ' ghost ' oia shepherd, and was buried in a certain corner of the hut, but its remains were not discovered, though dug for. In its new residence it be comes the ' spirit ' of the little girl's mother, buried somewhere else. Your correspondent states that the spirit was anxious to have the lamp extinguished. How absurd this is ! That at once suggests fraud. An honest 'spirit ' would as readily perform in the light as in the dark. Where were the youngsters when the light went Out Where were the youngsters, and what were they about I am sceptical enough to opine that those youngsters play a very important part in the' 'manifestations.' I am well aware your correspondent states that they were all asleep. But children don't generally sleep so soundly whilst lota of queries are being asked and answered, and especially under the circum stances your correspondent mentions. I re member entering my bedroom one even ing and finding another young man, who occupied the same bedchamber as myself, fast asleep in his bed. I turned in and was about to doze oS, when I heard some peculiar ' spirit manifestations' up aud down the wall near my head. For the moment I waB startled, but I plucked up courage enough to jump out of bed and light the candle, and enquire into the cause of this moBt un seemly noise. Over the head of my bed hung a large tin matchbox full of small pabbles, the string by which it was suspended led up the wall over a nail, and then across and down to my companion's bedstead, and it was he who was acting the 'spirit.' Now I am convinced that such trickery exists in connection with the Yanyarie 'ghost.' Visitors, look out for strings, &c.; I would also suggest a question or two for 'her ghostebip. ' What do you eat ? Do you sleep ? Where do you sleep ? Being, as we suppose, minus costume are you not afraid of fgetting the shivers buzzing round in the dead of night and at this time of the year ? Other similar queries could be put, answers to which would be very interesting and instruc tive. With reference to the 'christening' business, your correspondent stated in his first epistle that a loud splashing of water was heard. No doubt the 'spirit' waB anxious for the child to be immediately immersed in the dam where the splashing was noticed. It is a pity the ' spirit' did not mention this at first, and'so save itself a lot of extra 'rapping. By- the- way, is it a law in ' spirit land' that spirits only reply to queries? It is unfortunate that one of these shadowy things does not have the moral courage to come out boldly and give us a real address before the footlights. If one could only escape from spirit land and pose as an 'escaped spirit' what a fortune would be in store for it !— I am. &c;, tfBED. WOODBURY. May 19, 1887. 