! Silently, sweetly, we walked tad poadeitd, ! I ead my love, in the golden dawn. Jost one pencil of wild light wandered Through the Eastern gale of glory drawn With roice prophetic a gentle quiver Swept through the leaves, while here aad there, With tremulous start, and sigh, and shiver, Flowerets opened their petals fair. . Nightlay calm on her bed of flowers, Faint with the perfumes which they shed; Hushed to sleep while the rosy hoon Drew day's mantle around her bed. Up through the East a great'ning glory, Flushed and purpled the placid bay ; Touched with fire the ruin hoary, And the white ships floating far away. So she drew near me, and so we wandered, Down the hill to tbe sandy beach Something I think of love's wealth squan- dered Pasted from the soul of each to each Something noble and pure, but whether ' It was God's or love'B gif t know not I, Bnt I know that in Summer or Winter weather - I will hold it sacred till I die. "Ahl we were happy, but something lingered 'Twixt love'a gladness and joya surcease, Oar Te Deams too lightly fingered Sank to chants for a soul at peace. Taints of earth in oar golden heaven, Gleams prophetic in tearful eyes, Wearied palates which fain would leaven With sorrow the manna of Paradise. Perhaps I am straining beyond my tether, Yearning for days which may never be ; Bat I trust that this weary stormy weather Is passing away from earth and me. - Who can blame if I sometimes wander From humbler duties to dreams afar, When I know that my darling waits me yonder Under the placid evening star f Shorter, or longer life, what nutter When oar years axe only a long, long paint Merely the first few drops which patter, Tehing of coming storms of rain. Merely the first light airs whieh wander Forth e'er the mighty tempest tall Dreams prophetic of souls which ponder On coming glories-that ia all I The dark sea moans as a tired sleeper Sighs with a secret hali expreas'd; Bat death is a riddle darker, deeper. Which straggles vainly within my breast. Far in that dying light so tender, She is .waiting and watching for me, I know; Peering oat through its golden splendor ; Take me, darling 1 I long to go 1 Sometimes vision of hope float to ate, Dreams of rest in the spirit-land ; Saintly melodies thrilling through me, Wafted wide from the purple strand. Lift me up from the world of sadness I . Draw me sweet through the golden gate ! To realms of passionate, palmy gladness, Hasten darling 1 I wait 1 I wait I. In tbe purple gloaming I sit here thinking Of the vanished one whom ay aoal loved best; . .While the sun is slowly and sadly sinking : Down throogh gates of the golden west. I know there is rest for me np yonder, Over the long Pacific swell, And the rest of Heaven looks softer, fonder, From earth's sad couches of asphodel. ii 8. Wooo. I Sagacity.-Instances of the aagacity of dogs are quite innumerable. A Massachusetts paper, adda oneito the list, exhibiting thia intelligent animal in a new capacity, that of newspaper carrier. Passengers on-tha after- noon "scoot" train from Springfield may. daily witness in Westfield an instance of canine intelligence that is quite worthy togo on record. * Soon after the train passée the trap-rock quarry, on the outside of the track used by eastward bound trains, a dog can be seen racing along with the cars until a paper ia thrown off by the baggage-roaster. The dog instantly seizes it, and, after giving a bark of acknowledgement, trots down the enbank ment to the house of his owner not far away. The sagacious animal ia apparently of New- foundland and St. Bernard breed, and for three or four years as acted as news-carrier in the way described. Every day except . Sunday, summer and winter, he goes to his post on the track at about the time the train is due, and there awaits the throwing of the paper. It is said that he, not only knows the hour when the train should come along, bat that on one day in seven there is no need of his services. Apparently the dog bes also learned to know the whistle of his train from any other, for if in the road or yard when tbe whistleis sounded, half a müe down UM track, he rushes for his station. Difficulty is ft severe instructor, set over oe by the supreme ordinance of a parental guardian and legislator, who knows na better than we know ourselves, and be loves ns better too. He that wrestles with na, strengthens our nerves, and sharpens oar skilL Our antagonist is our helper. This amicable conflict with difficulty obliges os to intimate acquaintance with oar object, and compels us to consider it in all its rela- tions. It will not suffer ns to be superficial. Ctutaam of the Ornan» Indiana.-The Omahas, it appears, form a nation with a considerable body of ordinances. Their su- preme chief is the "sacred pole." It ia a cotton-tree which, wanting a ruler, they felled two hundred yean ago, and, having gat bair on its head, invested with authority, t is regularly greased. A prominent warrior is believed to have lost his leg from omitting to grease the pole. Scalps are offered to it. Ornabas axe imaginative in their names. Among them are " Busty-yellow Com bask," « Stomach Fat," "ForkedLightning Walka," " She who is Betoruing Bellowing," and "She who is Made Muddy as She Moves." Omaha matrimonial btw ia based, like that of most primitive clans, on the view that the community has all the same ancestors. An Omaha may not wed his deceased wife's sis- ter unless the dying wife should have said to her brother, " Pity your brother-in-law. Let him marry my sister." Polygamy, within limits, is lawful, with the first wife's consent. A man may not lawfully speak to his wife's grandmother. So strict is the Omaha etiquette about mothers-in-law that a son-in-law will fly from the room in which his mother-in-law happens to be. Omahas are cleanly in their babita ; they, bathe daily. An untidy man or woman is nicknamed " The man who don not wash his hands," or " The woman who does not comb her hair." They axe so redoubtable aa archers that they can send an arrow right through a buffalo. They are skilful in games, one of which, described as shooting at the rolling wheel, might be popular in Europe. Dancing, however, »their favorite pastime; and they have a variety of societies or clubs, each of which owns a characteristic dance. There is the rare buffalo dance, danced after the recovery of a patient by doctors, who may invite members of the horse dance, sad not of the wolf deface. The grizzly bear 'dance haa not been danced for ten yean. Its dancen paint their bodies yellow, and one wean a grizzly bear's skin. The scalp dance isa woman's dance. In the ghost dance no woman may join. Cheer for the Bed-room.-The farruto» of a country bed-room should never be heavy. Exquisite snits of common pine, covered with cretonne or sateen, are now admired more than wood ; bot ash, oak, or satin-wood, are still the conventional materials. Draped dressing.bareaasor "tables" are extremely pretty. They axe merely pine structures covered with frills and flounces, and holding aa upright mirror from which talla a aweep of effective drapery. A garniture of bows aad even artificial flowers is permitted, bot the latter are always in dubious taste, , and better not tampered with. A bMsfrad ot bran or nickel, haag with white curtains, ia Bolt fe lande aft aiiAtma.-Ta« water ia pumped from the wella and atorad in large reservoirs, fromwhieh it karawa of and conveyed to the aérerai Mocka where it passée through a duct reade of eba leas. Upon each aide of thia daet are tact Irrel hemispherical kettles, thirty-six inches ia di* ameter. These Teasels extend the whole length of the building aad are filled with the brina. The hage furnaces are tlwaatarted up, ead the work of evaporating goes oaw The beatie driven under the kettles by roeaas of powerful blowers. The evaporation of a kettle of water takes from fire to thirty boars, according to its proximity to the fire. The salt ia dipped oat of the kettle in omi. shovels and placed m baskets, where it ie al- lowed to drip fora few hours. It is thea thrown iato a böge bia to be removed to another building. Tba refuse from tbs evaporation is called " bittera," and ie ot a chalky, pasty substance. It ie discharged into a waste drain. : The salt is carried into a tc« story build- ing, where it amt peases throogh a solution of acids for purpose ot decomposing the chlorides. This is called the washing process. The saltia thea sifted to drain oft the pickle, and falls into the cellar, where it remains for some time. It is shovelled into* large bu, from wtrieh it ie carried in caps oa a belt to » boiler twenty-six feet long. The interior of tba boiler contains several spiral parti tiona rnrming lengthwise, aad upon which the aalt works its way until it ia deposited ia a bin at the other ead. It becorace thoroughly dry by thu process. Cape again take it and carry it to an upper floor in the building, whee« H goes through a sifting and grinding process. Theaalt intended for dairy pur poses is ground upon granite rollen, while that for table ase peases tluowgh aa ordinary touring mill. ! The article ia now ready tor nae, san aB that remains is to properly prepare it far shipping. In the front of the building is . railroad track, while ia the rear ia the Irfa Canal. The artdcle> pat apia begs, bries, and barrels. Ia the pacJdrej.rooaa a num- ber of girls are emploped. In potting op the salt they asually work ia pairs. One girl fills a bag and then passes it to ber com- panion, who, with a fewqoiek stitch«,closes the ead. They exe paid from eight to tweaty cents per hundred bees, according to the size, and a smart girl can earn om as avenan abott a dollar and a quarter a day. The article is then ready to be seat to all parts ot tba country. It mutt first bs inspected, and a : penny doty collected tor eenryVachel roana* facturad. The salt springt sn ell worked by private individuals, who leam the nuporty for a term of ninety-nine yean. Lightning Stroke ürtheloetoll^^ tains--The curious case of 0.9. Edwards, who wa« strack br lightning while croatian; Iron HiSy at Leadville, Cobiaao, oat Jaly 4 is attracting considerable interest among ?dentine mea. After the nasa. Mr. BoV warda remained imcoencioas for fifteen rainâtes before receiving assistance. The lightning strack aim rm the left cheek, sad after knocking ont a aambar of his teeth passed diagoaally aerees the breast to the right side. It then descended the body to thc foot, emerging from the right boot. It pasted entirely through the foot, lesnrus: a hole sisrilar to that loafe by a ballet. The cLitaing was tom mto fragments, particles being found a distance of two hundred feet. Both of the boots were entirely destroyed, and one of them carried sixty feet away. The granad where the man waa etaadingwaa tarn np for a considerable distance. The course of the electric current along the body, irai marked by a black ead red streak one .md a half inches wide. The worst effect at the streak teems to have besa oa the longs. A severe hemorrhage was produced, by which a quart of blom! waa lost. In addition to these injuries, the surface of tao body waa almost covered with blisters ; the result of ugly barns. This, we believe, ie the font authentic record of a person being injured by lightning at an elevation of KktOO feet. It is remarkable such severe mternal injuriée were not followed by death. Tho United States Commissioners are still continuing their labors in the direction of acclimatising flatfish to American waters, which are nearly aa well suited to the Plenrenetcidm aa English waters. Several attempts hare been made to transmit them from England alive, bat hitherto with little success. Information has, however, reached us to the effect that fifty soles daring lest month were sent by the Derby Museum authorities at Liverpool, twenty-five of which reached their destination alive. Prof. Baird, the Chief Commissioner, states that the nab are in a thriving condition and feed welL They have been placed ia a suitable habitat at Washington Station, and are being watched with special care. The solea, which are about three inches long, were transmitted in glam globes attached to the ceiling of the cabin of the S.S. Britannic. This method minimises the risk of injury to the fish through the oscillation of the vessel, aa the receptacles being swung, move backwards and forwards with the motion of the steamer. The National Fish Culture Association intend forwarding to America another consignment of flatasa next mouth in order to teri rt the Ofwrathxas of the Commisioners. The sole ia a very delicate fish, and cannot withstand the strain of protracted journeys. Daring a aware thmaderstorm which passed over Central Norway recently a re- j markable example of the power of lightning j was witnessed. In afield at Lôitena fir-tree ! 80 feet in height was strack by lightning sbme 13 feet from the ground, with the effect that the tree waa cot in halves and the upper j portion-about 60 feet in length-thrown a distance of several yards. The most carióos part, ia, however, that the surface of the detached part is as smooth as if the tree had been sawn through, whilst that of the stump remaining in the ground ia jagged, charred, and splintered to the root. The ground aroona the tree is furrowed in all directions, one being several feet ia width and depth, and extending for tome 10 yards. A spruce tree close by shows a farrow an inch in width running from a height of 6 feet down to the root* SM Water ai a Ttmmwmtíw The Vigo Bay Treasure Company, of London, lately received a curiooa collection of articles taken from the treasure galleons soak ia the harbor of Vigo, Spain, 1702. Them are spe- cimens of logwood sad raahogany that ia*| spite of their 184 years' submersion, ate ia .perfect state of preservation. Dyers who have experimented with the logwood state lt is even better for dyeing purposes then the wood now imported. The mahogany, too, ia very fina and solid. One log baa arrived IS feet long and 22 by 23 inches square, which ia now being sawed opto be used in the manufacture of furniture and walking sticks for momentoes. The chief cariosity, how- ever, is sn ancient pulley block, 4} feet high by 3 feet broad, with four solid copper sheaves, 18 inches in diameter. It is of solid oak, and was probably used in hoisting heavy articles of merchandise or the anchors. The wood is perfectly preserved, bot an iron bead is completely corroded away, while the cop per wheels ere only slightly oxidised. Mr- 0. A- Wheeler, Swindon, gives the j following remedy for warts on the hands of j milkers. NightandmoiTungapplyasataistod solution of salt in brown pickling vinegar. : Let the owner of the hand take a pint bottle nearly filled with best brown pickling vine- gar : drop in a little table salt, shake, and and more ; continue this till the vinegar wil not take up more. The application raaf be at any convenient lane twice or thrice daily. There is but oat tidnc without smitten with eternal barrenness, inability te do or to be, insincerity, unbelief. He who believes nothing, who believes only the chow of things, ia not in relation with sstfnse et fact at all. 