OPENING OF, THE TRA GOWEL sM ACORNA PRES BYTERIAN CHURCH. As mentioned in our issue of Tues-lay last, the now Presbyterian Church at Macorna was o'ened on Sunday 3rd inst., when the Rev. J. H. Shallberg delivered the following sermon from the passage,': We will not forsake the house of our God." Nehemiah 10th chapter, 34th verse : This is the crowning part of a most solemn covenant which the returntd exiles from Babylon, made with Jehovah at the dedica~ tion of. the temple .in Jerusalem un~der Nehemiah. The high abilities and true piety .-f.Nehomiah, were such as secured for him the exalted position: of:..oupbearer in the Persian Court. What is more to his honour is;.that though lie had prospered in the world, he did not allow. his prosperity to interfere ..ith hia dutioteto his Gocdand:to his church;' : oo$llavln(; galn i th-s .?ts[ ,?.su. ?-?orc;a'.. -, ? sought and obtained the:royal permission- to,; visit and rebiild Jerusalem. Like every good wbrkl, it had to encounter many difficulties and oppositions, but with strong faith and coorage on the part of the leadwr and a few faithful helpers; Jerusaotes wa'lt last rebuilt dnnd walled, and the house' uof'God dedicated with fasting and prayer,':itherein' 'grateful acknowledgment was made of God's mercies, penitent confessions of ain,and an humble sub. 'mission to the willTand; judgment of Go 1, coanclisding with a solemn covenant, properly signed and sealed, wh?trein they pledged themselves to keep God's commandments-to abstain from intermarriage with the heathen, faithfully' observe the Sabbath, pay yearly the third part of i shekel for religious ser vices, and r;sularly attend the hdouse' of their God: The last was the' crowning -part, the most important of ill the rest, as without the regalar attendance at tihe house of God, the other obligations would soon be forgotten. or neglected. I. 'What is there in the liouse of God, that we- slolld be attached:to it ? • II. Wliatneed for such a resolution ? The term," house of God", although ap plied to various places, tabernacle,' temple, public and private buildings,' and even to gatherings in the open air, always stands for one and the same object- the worship of God.t, It is not so riuchthe building; as the object it serves, that makes its attendance so important.' Any place then .whichi is built for God, for His worship and glory, of which in truth He is the proprietor, is the house of God, That which God will callmy house, we may oall His house.-- After much delay you have iat length completed this building in 'which all must rejoice. The question " Did you build it for God ?'"muat be answered by another, viz., '!,'What' did you build it for, for-yourselves or for Gdd c'liefly ?" ' Gener ally the house itself indicates the 'guest or proprietor it is buit for=-thio dogs, the, ser vants, the seons, the kings. What house wouhl you build :for tho Queen should she wish to live with .yoii'?Did' you build this house for your God ? 'Is it the gift of love ? Then love gives the best it has. Did you in. tend it to be as good as it is? Will you giveit up to Go' with. ill your heart. and make and keep Hiri tihe proprietor of it ? God help yoti to do this, so tihat:He may take; and fill it with His presence and glory, and make itto'us and all w?hbshall enter it, the very gate'of heavn.: -If it be His house, then surely He will'manifest Hifiself to' the hearts: and consoiences: of aT l')` diligently~i eek! Him her; -Exoldus zi-hapteir 24 verse.:' In all places'where I recorn my ?amo I will coma unto thee and besisthee." Matthew chap. 18; 20th verse:- " For'where two or three- are gathered together in: my name," etc. It is the house of revelation, knowledge and in. strunction, wherein is- revealed the wrath o' God, auninst all mi?inerbf sin, where all may be instructed- in Hisicomnmandmente? and learn'to'know Him;. lionm to .know is'life eternal.- . It is the :.house of salvation, whiera is' the altar. of sacrifice sunto the horns' of which: every sinnDrr mry flee fcrrefuge, where Christ is liftel upu cruci= fled for oar sin aridrisen" for. or jusifiication and Ilope;, here all who :believe shall be 'saved. It is the .hose .of comfort" and' strength;:where those.who- come mourning over their sins receive the comfort of forgive ness and' where broken hearts are healed. where believers " grow in' grace, anl in' the knovledge of Jesus Christ". Yes, the ordi: iances of God's house a?re the channels by which Ha' conveys the. richest consolations of the Spirit; "where" they: that wait up6n the Lord renew their strengths; by which the aged labour, and are not weary, and the young men walk, and are not faint ;" where we may have " fellowship with the Father, and witl His Son Jesus Christ,.and communion with the Holy Ghost and with saints." " How' amiable are "Thy tabernacles," etc. " Truly a dayin Thy courts is better than a thou sand." ' It is the house of Gdd. the very gate of heaven. LWe ave bCCe lure, and still wouhl go - '': Tis like a Ihtle heuivcn below" Then let us not mike it the house of mer chandise. Here let all thoughts of business be left out. Here all are welcome; only let them come- with hearts prepared, as' good soil, for the goodtseed of God's word." Come sot here to be entertained, to be pleaded or tattered, but to " worship Gie in the beauty of holiness.". This surely is.reason enough why we should be deeply attached to it,'lke Nehemiah, sha'vow that'" We will 'iot for sake the house.of our God." - What need- for such a resolution,"' W will not forsake?" Owing.to their suscep: tibility to worldly influences, there has al ways been a certain class of people who have been more or less neglectful in the attendance at public worship. Even in the church's freshness and youth, the apostles found it necessary to exhort their brethren " not td forsake the public assembling together, as was the manner of some." In ourday some wholly forsake it, spending their Sabbaths either in idleness, sensual indulgence, or secular work; while otliers are only occa sionally present in the house of God, just as convenience or inclination may serve. Some find an excuse for their irregularity in the visit of friends, and others in the weathers .and iith some the distance is too great, while not.a few pretest that church going is out of date, and that they can worship God at home as well as in the lchurch.. Now, as to -its being out of date, it' surely was never more fashionable iban now. The danger is that its very, fashionableness may drive out the true spirit of worship, and make' the housa'of God a:house of mere.entertainment or pastime. Nor is it true that we can wor ship God at home as well as in His house, specially set apart for' that purpose, where the presence of others, and the influence of the minister, tend to encourage and help us; for although a spiritually minded person can worship God anywhere, experience goes to show that the neglect of public worship means the neglect ot God at hneA t go intoehhrch to honour and serve God, they are not likely todo so in private... Neglect of.publie wor ship ultimately means the.neglect'of the soul and of God. Nay more,. as a neglected garden not only fails to yield good fruit, but becomes filled with all manner of weeds, so the soul, whose cultivation is neglected by absence from God's house, soon-alas I too soon-finds itself overgrown with the weeds of indifference, doubt, and scepticism-as might be easily proved.by-the downfall of many whose career began with great promise -honce the need for a devout resolution, steadfastly carried out Sabbath after Sabbath, This beautiful churchs will.be well and worthily opened if to-day each one will re solve, God helping him, with the' Psalmist, " As for me I will come into Thy house in the multitude of Thy merey, and in Thy fear will I worship toward Thy holy temple." -Psalm v. 7. This surely is what you imply by the erection of this church. - It stands as a witness to your faith, and as a contradiction of that faithevery time you are-absent from its services. Notwithstanding its.erection in the midst of you,your regular attendance,con sidering the-many counter influences; will need a decision of character/ on your part nothing short of that of .Nehemiah, " W will go." No matter what others may do, " We will go," want of health only prevent ing. No matter whatlthe hindrance; no want of eloquenco.in the preacher, nor want of attractiveness on the part of the hearers, shall deter us. We will not forsake' it, be cause Goi hlas authorised it, and has pro mised'to bless all who gather together in His name. We will-not forsake it, because it is for our eternal good, and because it is,for our children's highest interest. ,Who can esti mate the good that might be done by the proper and ragular observance of His holy ordinances. On Thursday evening the opening was further celebrated by a soiree and concert, at which there was a very large attendance, not withstanding the inclement weather and al most impassable state of the roads, which clearly indicates that the residents of the district, now that they have, a building and a pastor whereby they will be enabled to wor ship as in the days of their youth, purpose taking a deep an:l lively .interest in the welfare of their church and advancing the Presbyterian cause. - The~ti,la"ic.v-which wea provided by the ladies, 'forined a niost sump tuous repast, a bonnteous supply of all neces saries being found on the heavily laden tables. fully two hours before the wautsiof all were supplied and the tables cleared out of the' building. The concert and publio meeting was then opened, the Rayv... H. Shallberg oc cupying the chair. The Revs. Gladstone and F.J. Wilkin, and Mr Edward Holloway also occupied seats on the platform. Apologio? for non-attendance were received- from the Reos. E. HI. Scott and H. J. Cock, also frony Messrs M'Coll and Highett,.Ms.P., the latter supplementing his apology. with a donation' of. £ Is. The choir,' which was consider ably strengthened by a numberof the mmbers' of the Kerang Presbytorian'choir, opened the" proceedings by singing the anthem, " The' righteous shall be glad." Mr John M'Ivor, in a few words place.l before the meeting the' financial statement of the church- funds, which showed the building, which, is comi plets in every res?ect, had cost £270' 13s. The greater proportion of this however, was paid off, and lie (the speaker), was cohfi;dnt that the balance would be contributed int a' very short time. A duet " Palaski's Banner," by Miss Pascoe .and Mr A. D. Fraser,, was followed by.' a song, " Jessie's Dream" ren dered by Miss Lindsay. Mr Holloway, who was warmly welcomed;erpressed gratification at- being present, and highly complimrito.l the committee, and all conaerned, on the neat,' substantial building which they had erected., He wasvery glad tor witness the'unity which existed between the ministers of the various' denominations. IMr- and Miss Long next favored the audienci with a duet, which was followed by a'solo by Miss Bell, from Sydney. The Rev. F. J. Wilkin-deliverod-a brief ad-' dress, after which. lMe~dames- .Oough and4 Thompson and'o 3- Hall;- saing asa trio. "Something for eachofusnow to do."Thenext item-on the programm:ne was.a song: by Mr. Colman,; ".She wore a wreath'.of Rosis.". The Rev. Mr 'Gladstone;, in an able and' pleasing address, strongly advocated theo adoption-by the churches of innbient?ind' pleasurable amusement for their people, as hb' believed by so doing they would- be keeplng' them from amusements and llesditu's"of a questionable .character. H did not believe in the' religious solemnity of: a lorig.aca;: People were made to laugh, were eihdowed: with risible faculties, and he was always glad' to see the smiling face ian:l listen to hearty and.innocantlaughter. The following solos" were also ably rendered .-" I dreamt my little boy of thee,'" Miss Hussey-;;." Angels' listen when she speaks.''I.Mr Colman ; e' Lo at Thy feet," Miss hlesser; " Coming thro' the'Rye," Miss Lindsay, who, in response to' a load d ans- piolonged ' enoe -gaT ' e-TB banks and bracs.":.Thle ' e. Mr" Shallbeg," also addressed'the meeting, and, on behalf of the'ladies of the congregatiorr, presented Mise'. Hallt with' a hathdomn silver necklet and locket, for'assistane 'rendered by. that young lady. Another duet by Mr and' Miss Lonsg brought the'programme to'a 'cle.: Misses' Stcwart and Pascoe played the soveral accom panimonts luring. the evening .to the" entire' satisfaction of the vocalists. Votesof thanks! were passed to the ladles who had organiised" and presided at' the teas to the ladies and" gentlemen who' had come frominKerang to as sist;~nd to Mr M'Dougall, who had neiedas" clerk, of works during- the erection "of thi' building. The singing of the Evening Hymn' brodght a most successful and enjoyable' meoting-to-' close. 