A WITNESS FOR THE DEFENCE. CONQLJJSION. To say that there was a "sensation" would feebly describe what followed. Every one in court sprang to his fpet, The, prisoner looked as if he had .seen ;a ghost. There was a perfect, hubbjib of .^oices, as bar and jury talked among" theinselves, and my brethren at the solicitors' table poured questions upon me—to none of which I replied. Silence being restored, the voice of the judge—grave and dignified, but with a perceptible tremor—descended like vocal oil on the troubled waves of sound. " Who instructs you, Mr. Clincher?" " Mr. Bentley, my lord." The judge looked more astonished than ever. My name was familiar enough to him as a judge, and he had known it even better when, as a leading barrister, he had held many a brief from me. I am persuaded," said he, " that a gentleman of Mr. Bentley's repute and experience has good reason for what, he does. But so extraordinary and unheard of I will ask Mr. Bentley himself if he really considers that duty requires him to offer himself as a witness, and when and why he came to that conclusion ?" My lord," I replied, "I am certain that, believing what I have had cause to believe within the last five minutes, I should be greatly to blame if I did not testify on oath to certain facts which are within my own knowledge. But if the prisoner chooses to call me as a witness, your lordship will presently understand why it is that, with all submission, I cannot at this moment, or until I am in the box, give my reasons. And I must add that the value of my evidence to the prisoner will greatly depend on his answers to certain questions which I wish, with your lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if he answers me as I expect, I believe my evidence will put an end to the case against him." " Really, gentlemen of the jury," said his lordship, " this matter is assuming a more and more remarkable "aspect. , » I hardly know what to say. That a prisoner on trial for his life should answer questions put to him in private by the prosecuting solicitor isthe most extraordinary/proposal, I am bound to say, whichever c^me, under my notice. It is the more difficult for me to decade because the prisoner has not the advantage of counsel's assistance.—Prisoner, is it your wish that this gentleman should be called as a witness cn your, behalf t You have heard what he has > -said about certain questions which he wishes to put to yon beforehand. Of course yop are not bound to answer any such questions, but may nevertheless call him. What j do you say ?" "I am in God's hands, my lord,",answered the prisoner, who was quite Oftlm again. "It may be that He has raised tip a deliverer for me—I oannot tell. But I know that if He wills that I should die, no man can save me; if He wills to save mis, nought can do me barm. So I am ready to answer any questions the gentleman wishes." "I propose," 6aid the judge, " before deciding this extraordinary point, to consult with the learned Recorder in the next court." All rose as the judge retired; and during his absence I escaped the questions which assailed me from every side by burying myself in a consultation with my counsel. When he heard what the reader knows, he fully upheld me in what I pro- ; josed to do; and then threw himself back in a seat with the air of a man whom nothing could ever astonish again. " Sil-ence," cried the usher. The judge was returning. " I have decided," said he, " to allow the questions to be put as, Mr. Bentley proposes. Let them be written oat and submitted to me for my approval;" I sat down and wrote myquestions, and they were passed up to the "judge. As he read them he. looked more surprised than ever. Cut all he said, as he handed ittem down/was," Put the questions." ' I walked up to the dock and gave them into the prisoner's hands, together with my pencil. He read them carefully through, and wrote his answers slowly and with consideration. With the paper in my hand, I got into the witness-box and was sworn. My evidence was to the effect already Btated. As I described the man I,,had seen under the lamp, wfith my face averted from the prisoner and turned to the jury,'J saw that they were making a careMfcpmparison, and (hat, allowing for the^liptge wrppgbf; ypare, they fou|o,d Jt^at the despyipj^pn-(tallied closely -with the man's appgwanpfe, ^|, {»ro4Bce ^Jbi8 p^per, on which Ijust •Wj.^^teJ^ffifejl'W'KPWSJ'^P which the prisoner wrote the answers undprmyeyes. Thew[ar^^^est^^and^B^ere: Question: Werfi yojx smoking when you came up . to the corner of Haur^kietreet 7—Answer Np. ''Qtuxtion : Didyoia flfterfards smoke? —Atmofr: Iliad nolightp. **'.Question,^ Did ypu try to get a light ? —.Answer; Yes, Jby climbing a,lamp at the corner! hat I was not .steady enough, and I remember Ibrokp my liat against the crossbar. "' Question: Where did you carry your pipe and tob&ccoJ;—Answer: In my hat.' ''Those answers," I concluded, "are absolutely correct in every particular. The man whom' ! I Saw under the lamp, at 8 o'clock on the night of the murder, behavedas the answers indicate. That conclodeB the evidence I have felt bound to tender." And I handed the Blip of paper to the UBher fpr inspection by the jury. < f Prisoner," inquired the judge, "doyou call any other' witness 1" "I do not, my lord." " Then, gentlemen," said the judge, turning tp the jury, " the one remark that I shall make to you is this;—that if you believe. the. story . of the prisoner's witness, there, can be little doubt but that the prisoner was, the man whom the witness saw at the corner of Hauraki-strept .at .8, o'clock on ,.t^.;jaig^t in question; and if that was so, it, is clear, on the case for the prosecution, that;he: cannot have committed this murde£. j should not be doing my duty if l di^ not point out to ypu that the witness ii^,question is likely, to say the least, to be< wjtyipiit bias ,in the prisoner's favor, • and 'jthat., his , evidence is vpry • strongly corroborated ,indeed by. the prisoner's ansyeratp.the written questions put to him. Gentlemen, you will now consider your verdict. "T^e-areggree4, W lord," said the foreman "(Gcn^gmen of the jury/' sung put the clerk ofjarraigpB, .«' arte yon all agreed upon youryerdict V' "And that verdict is?" ff,4jad that is the verdict of you all ?" Thorp, followed a burst of cheering which theja^ereppld not silence/ but which silenped iteelf as the judge was seen to be speaking. ff iTphn Harden—I am thankfuli ^yjery. njan jn this coqrt is thankful, thatypur $rust in the, mercy and power, of the ^AiT-piefpiful and All-powerful has not beei^iur vain. You stand acquitted of a foul crime J^y the unhcsi£atipg ye$lict,jof the jury, mid most wonderful,has been, your deliverance. You go forth, , a frpe mau; and $ .am t glad tptbjnk that the goodoe s of jGpd hasbeen bpstowed on one who ,h »s repented, pf his past 'sins, and who is not likely, I hope and believe, to be unmindful of that goodness /hereafter.—You are dis- Hft^lfie beiBn left-to himself, I think the prisoner's old master- would have climbed into the dppk,; *fith the Wpwrof> personally delivering his servant out of the house of bondage! But' he was restrained by a sympathetic constable, while John Harden was tc-conveyed for a short time to the gaol, to undergo certain necessary formalities connected with his release from custody; I volunteered to take charge of Mr. Blottum, -fend took him to the vestibule of the prison, overwhelmed during the short walk by thanks and praises. We were soon jiibfcd by Harden, whose meeting with fc'is mister brought' a lump into the throat even of a I..ugh criminal lawyer like myself. I saw thum iulo a cab, and they drove off to Mr. Slocum'e hotel, after promising-to call on me next day, and enlighten me on certain points as to which I was still in the dark. As strange a part of my story as any hasyet to bp told. I had hardly got back to my office^ ^nd settled down to read over the various , letters which were awaiting my signature, when my late client (Harden's prosecutor) was announced. I had lostsjght of him in the excitement which followed the acquittal. He did not wait to learn, whether I was engaged or not, but rushed after the clerk into my room. He was ashen white, or rather gray, and bis knees shook so that he could scarcely stand; but hiseyeB positively blazed with wrath. Leaning over my table, he proceeded, in the presence of the astonished clerk, to poor upon, pe a flood of abuse and invective of the fpolest kind. I had sold Mm; I was in league with the prisoner. I was a swindling thief of a lawyer, whom he would have stpek off the rolls, &c.; until I really thought he had goue out of his mind. As soon as I conld get in a word, I curtly explained thaj; it was no part of, a lawyer's duty, to try and hang a man whom he knew to be innocent. As he only; replied vpth abusive language I ordered him out of the office. The. office quieted itself once mora—being far too busy, and also too well accuBtomed to eccentric people to have time for long wonderment at anything—and in an hour I had finished my work, and was preparing to leave for home, when another visitor was announced—Inspector Forrester. " Well, Mr. Forrester, what is the matter now ? I'm just going off." " Sorry if I put you out of the way, sir; but I thought you'd like to hear what's happened. The prosecutor in Harden's case has given himself up for the murder J" " What t" I shouted. "He just has, sir.. It's a queer day, this is. When I heard you get up and give evidence for the man you were prosecuting, I thought curiosities was over for ever j but seems they ain't, and never will be." " How was it ?" " Well, he came into the station quite quiet, and seemed a bit cast down, but that was all. Said fate was against him, and had savpd the man he thought to hang in his stead, and he knew how it must end, and couldn't wait any longer. I cautioned him, of cotirse—told him to sleep on it before he said anything; but make a Statement he would. The short of it all is, that the idea of murdering the old lady-for jier money had come into his mind in a flash i when lie saw that poor drunken fool exhibiting his knife in the tavern. He followed him .and picked his pocket of the knife,: and then hung about the house, meaning to get in after dark. Then he saw .the girl come out and go off, leaving the ,dqor closed but not latched, careless hussy 1,. Then in slips,the gentleman, and [does,what he'd made up,his mind to—for ypu see the old woman knew him well, so he couldn't afford to leave her alive—gets the cash, and slips put. All in gold it was, £250. When he heard that Harden couldn't be found, he . got uneasy in his mind, and has been getting worse ever since, though he did well enough in trade with the money. Seems he considered he ,was not safe until someone was hanged. So, when he recognised Harden, he was naturally down on him at once, and was intensely eager, to get him convicted— wjhich I noticed myself, sir, as of course ypu did, and thought it queer too, I don't ppubt. He took too'much paiufy you see -—he must employ you to make certain, instead of leaving it to us; whereas if ha had'not come to you, your evidence would npver have been given, and I think you'll say nothing could' have 6aved the prisoner." : It was true enough. The wretched man had insured the failure of his own fiendish design by employing me, of all the solicitors to whom he might have gone 1 , I learned next morning how Harden, after trying in vain to light his pipe on that memorable evening, had wandered for hours through the hard-hearted streets, uhtil at daybreak he had fonnd himself in the docks, looking at a large ship preparing to drop down the river with the tifle. How he had managed to slip aboard unseen and stow himself away in the hold, wfth seme idea of bettering his not overbright fortunes in foreign parts. How he had supported his life in the hold with stray fragments of biscuit, which he happened to havd iu his pockc.t, until, after a day or tyro of weary:buating about againBt baffling winds, when they, were out in midchannel,; the usual search for stowaways had unearthed him. How the captain, after, giving him plenty of strong language apd rope's-end, had at length agreed to allow.him to. work as a sailor on the vessel. How on landing at Sydney he had gone into the interior, taken service with his present master—under another name, than his own, wishing to disconnect himself entirely with his former life—and by honestly doing his duty had attained his present position. By the light of this narrative, that which had puzzled me became perfectly clear— namely, how it was that he contrived not only to get so entirely lost in spite of the hne and cry after him, but also to remain in ignorance of his aunt's fete. My client was tried, convicted, and executed in due course; his plea of guilty and voluntary surrender having no weight against the cruel and cowardly attempt to put an innocent man in .his place. , When I last, saw Jphn Harden, he was married to a serious lady, who had been his late master's housekeeper, and was possessor of a prosperous general shop in a country village, stocked by means of the money which Mr. Slocum had gprierou3ly left him. 