MR. SPUKGEON. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, October 28, 1887. For some time past Mr. Spurgeon has been in conflict with many prominent members of the Baptist and Congre-<*> gational denominations in consequence of charges made by him against pastors and churches of those denominations of having abandoned the straight line of theological orthodoxy and neglected the spirituality of life, which, he maintains, is essential to real success in church life. He has described the ministry as being, both with regard to theological opinion and teaching, and with regard to spiritual life, to use his own term, on "the down grade." The denominational press has teemed with correspondence and comments on the subject. By some of coarse Sir. Spargeon is commended and justified, but by others he is assailed hotly. Some vulgar abate has, as a matter of course, fallen upon him, but by many who have differed from his conclusions he has been treated with the utmost respect. Thus a number of Nonconformist ministers have been induced, in one form and another, to challenge his views, and to defend the character of the churches and ministers in respect to their fidelity and loyalty to the truth, and to the cause of true religious life. On Wednesday Mr. Spargeon announced in the Svcord and Troxod that he bad withdrawn from the Baptist Union on account of what he regards as the unsatisfactory attitude assumed by that body in relation to the *' down grade" controversy. He will, however, break with those with whom he has hitherto been so closely associated only to that extent, and will neither start a new demonstration nor establish a rival union. He says there are denominations enough, and Baptist churches being self governing can find their own affinities and keep their coast clear of invaders. A large number of persons will deeply regret Mr. Spurgeon'a withdrawal from the union as being an exhibition of the tendency towards disruption in the organisations of the church, bat his attitude of continuance In the de- Domination and his refusal to do anything that might conduce to rend it is characteristic of his practical, good, sound sense, and of the earnestness In the true interests of religion that has always characterised him. There are few persona probably who have not at one time or another regretted the oddities or Uiosyncracie? that have always marked him. Many class his sayings about "Hie down grade" as among die number of these, and will, no doubt, think of his withdrawal from the Baptist Union as only the latest development of bis peculiarities. Bat no one, whose opinion is worth respect, donbts his intense earnestness and thorough loyalty to con viction. If he has seen reason to leave the Baptist Union be will not the less devotedly labor on the same lines as before, nor will he have a less eager hearing accorded to him by the thousands who crowd the Metropolitan Tabernacle when ever he preaches. This is what the London Daily A reics of October 27 says on the subject:— The rumor a few days ago that Mr. Spargeon wu about to leave tbe Baptist Union tarns oot now to be eomct. For some time past the cbarpea laid by him against ministers and churches of bring upon the "down grade 1 theologically and spiritually have been ardently combated privately, tat at the meeting* of the onion in Sheffield early this month they ware i?nared, while at the gathering* of the Ooogre paticnal Union they were denied. Replying to his *J '?^i*? and declaring f?? <foyi tfaw^fwn i Mr. Bpargeon says that "to ponuecmionai tie expense ?f truth is treaeooto the lord Jf en*. He is oar Master and land, and we will keep His words: to tamper with His doctrine would be to be traiton to Himself." Proeaed ing, be argues that as a matter of fact "be lievers in Christ's atonement are now in de clared religions onion with those who make light of it; those who hold evangelical doc trine an in open alliance with those who call iheFaO ? fable, who deny the personality of the Holy Ghost, who call justification by faith unmoral, and hold that there is another proba tion after death, and a future restitution for theloat." "Yea," he says, Hwe have before os the wretched spectacle of professedly orthodox Christians publicly avowing their twioa with those who deny the faith, and ?cutely concealing their contempt of thoce who cannot be gnflty of snefa noes disloyalty to Quirt.' 1 This beirg the case he retires at once and distinctly from the Baptist Union, uigioff that as the Baptist churches an each one of them reU-contained and independent, and the union being only a. voluntary asaodatiuD of such churches, it is a simple matter for a church or aa individual to withdraw from it. Mr. Bpnrgeon does not blame the union for "harboring errors of theextremest kind,"for he says "so far as we can see it is powerless to help itself even if it wished to do so." Reply ing to the question. '? Why not start a new denomination V he says it is a question for which he has not any liking. Tnere are denominations enough in his opinion, and "if there were a new denomination formed the thieves acd robbers who have entered other 'gardens walled round' would climb into it also, and so nothing would be gained. Besides the expedient is not needed among churches which are each ' one self -governing and self- determining; such churches can find their own affinities without difficulty, and can keep their own j coasts clear of invaders." In conclusion, Mr. j Bourgeon says, " Oh, that the day would come ; when, in a larger flATTf[in>n'rti than any scot ***** offer, all those who are one in Christ may be , able to blend in manifest unity 1 This can only come by the way of growing spiritual life, dearer light upon the one eternal truth, and a closer cleaving in all things to Him who is tbe Bead, even Jesua Christ." This decision of Mr. Spargeon will be regretfully received by the Baptist denomination generally, for at tbe meetings in Sheffield, when it m> hinted that he intended to leave the Union, an urgent though unofficial wish was expressed that he would not so to that extreme, and that even if he did, pressure would be brought to. bear upon him to reconsider such a decision. 