THE NOVELIST. ' In Quest of ilie Holy Grail. HAROLD w. H. ST.E-PHRN. CHAPTER III. — (Continued). " Then your mistress is here ?" . . Mttik , the misthress— rest her sowl MM shes dead years ago, but the colleen is MM he!'- „ An the ould Jew, he's dead too Iggfflra us aJl his money." Ilillll . 4ee that now !" said Teague, ad- minngl£; " An' did.-" he ; lave . much ffijggl money?" . Ye re fur knowin' too much, youno- man," said the old lady. . 0 11111 m "Oh, no offence, ma'am !" renlied Teague hastdy. '< Sure, I wouldn't be so nnpulent, on y I thought mavbe ye was Plgf I goin to tell me about it." J , " Uathershin ! ' exclaimed the old lady -er fanSer knowingly to her nose! %WSM ,-But n,lver mmd — I'll just finish my tale lf y0U T1322" Wken-tlie ould Jew brousht us here, he said we was to purtiud we iiw Jews, an he called me Frau Yoorst- an"' made the colleen dress up as a boy."' Ilillll . " Begoira, that' was a quare thino- to Wllllr do ! ' 0 " " c wofdn't be alive now maybe if he ha hit done it. Well, the colleen «oes about as a(ho:. nu' everybody does be thinkin were Jews, though divil resave the synnygogue ayther of us iver was in »" An the praste— -the Rabbi, I think tney calls him — didn t he shmobe you ?" . e bothered him intoirely, so he \- - a bad -job, _ Now, who div ye tlunk ye helped that day ye wor fiohtin' wid the Count ?" " " . = TeagSura ne 'me h,WS'" repJied '' Just the young misthress, no less. '" x 41 ,Tho ccllccu 1 . Miiia murther! See now!" "The colleen— and she's here to thank you _ herself, said a sweet young voice, as the <looi: opened and a young lady entered the room. Teague sprang to his feet, knocking over tne settle m his confusion. , Uas sorry "to hear of your mis fortune. - Poor feliow ! They haye treated you very hardly "' "Be my tmth, ma'am, I'd yo tlirouh tlie same, an mom, if it onlv brought mo USSWtltO COIlSOjtitiOfl J" i J k-uo-heaul of your blarney stone " s ud the young Jndy, smiling. Sheelah, or Fran Yoorat, as they call her here. f; Lel;t, n' well acquainted with the I national ha.uta . and customs, so you need not, tiy to rn.t the comether on me." Is ltnt me put the comether on you, my lady?_Suie I would'nt dar to thry it darlin, ! Holy Mother ! I beg your lady ship o pardon, the word sliDped out unbeknownst. ' 1 c<4- """ Toui sir. And now it is fitting that I should toll you by what name to address me— .-0 as to nreventyou from falling into the same emir aoain " sue added, with an arch smile. "I am leany tne L-c untess Marie von Adersbach. buu you hati better call nie, as everybody Il?e3" by my boy's name", « >rIke,!, ?sckin:ecl Teague, indignantly. _ Mo call t.-e neauty of the world, Ike! Begorra thin, I'll not do it ! Ike indade ! biire, my lady, ye might have chosen a purtier alias. K "The old Jew nho brought us here, gave me his .own name, : 'Isaac Kohn,' and thu boys of the. quarter naturally shortened it into f Ike.' You would not have. had me displease the good old man (< TUSIn!= the gift of his narae?" ma'am— sartinly not ! Rest- his soul, tlie ould si.nti-.mian was a rael good \- . sort, anny way." 0 nen do .not forget th&t; you must cab me 'Ik<-.; in future. But we must . waste no more .time. Count Moriiz von dem Pj ekelhii.fi ng is a terrible.' foe. and wili not fair t/i juvihcr rovenr'- ' ; self bes.dffs, your honor dmnanclo that you should liasti n to procure the. reversal of < the most' unjust sentence of the Kiim of Lrihemia. Hiisig ill- 11 t » the .Imperial Court ; .statq your esse n- i ho Emperor. . and demand a|fa;r trial at- his hands. This will procure -'.you a hearing." — -As she _ spoke, .Mario banded to our hero a square | piece of leather, in which was embedded on the one side a fiat black stone, polished to the consist ency of a mirror, whilst on ,.ihe reverse 'were . certain oabnlli/. ; " characters enclosed in a pentacle., " Tnis " she added, "is- a charm of singular .properties'; in- the first place it sccu'es its owner a hearing from whomever it be deinandefl/and, secondly, certain persons who possess the gift of clear sight can, by looking into that pebble, see? anything or \- person they please. Tako it, and also thiu bag of gold. When ynu sec. the \ Emperor, after ycu have told him of j'our wrongs, inform him that. I am 3? tare, living ; nj-Mipguise in ti e .Tews' quarter of the citv of Prague, waiting for an opp rlnuity , to bring to his ears tlie conduct of- the , King of Bohemia, who' confiscated ray father's property wjiln ur, ins': reason. If lie. asks why 'J have .not left before, tell him rlifit T am acting under the advice of f he Hermit, of the Sohnee Iloppe, who ba.de ine rest quietly in Prague until my deliverer came. You, sir, are that uelivereer, and I prayyou remember that your mission involves, not only your own honor, but that of a helpless maiden, whose untoward fate compels her to live in this horriolc place under a degrading disguise." 0 The young lady had scarcely concluded waen a loud knocking was heard at the door and a voice demanded admittance in the King s name. < " \- " Ua!" exclaimed Marie, " they are quicker than I expected. Haste, sir- Knight! Sheelah will show you out the baciv nay, whilst. I hold these- people in parley. Hurry away, from the city as quick as you can. Farewell"— Here (lie repeated blows on the door showed that further delay would be dangerous, and Teague, hastily imprinting a respectful kiss upon the hand which Marie extended to him, hurried away after the old woman, just succeeding in getting out of the back , door — -as- the officers of the law entered the front. CHAPTER IV. Teague was/not able, to get away , that night, as he found that the gates of the city were closed, and neither egress nor ingress permitted except 011 an order from the mayor : he, therefore returned, to the Juden Gasse, in order to find out what had become of his charming patroness. To his horror he found that she aud her attendant had been taken off to prison, and that their houre was occupied by the police. Of course, interference on his part would have been worse than useless, so he took up his quarters for the night at a humble cabaret, which stood adjacent to the city gate, iiavingpreviqusly purchased a horse and the full'equipment of a kni-'ht, including the golden spurs, which, how- 1 jDver, he had then no right to wear. At breakfast the following morning, he received further news of Marie for the host v as a garrulous fellow, jfuid in those days the absence of newspapers made it part of an innkeeper's duty to keep his guests informed of the ne ws of the day. Innkeepers- therefore enjoyed a certain license, and were tolerated even by the highest nobles j although it rarely happened that their loquacity degenerated into familiarity, for the purveying of liquor was not in those benighted times regarded in the high estimation it is in our more civilised days, and innkeepers .were content to feel honoured, by the patronage of their custo- mors we tiro coiitsntGcl to feel honoured by the patronage of our innkeepers. Meister Gokel bringing in Teague's breakfast with his own hands, lost 110 time in dilating upon c-lie extraordinary arrest made in the Juden Gaste the previous evening. It appeared, so he" said, that, for some time past, a notorious swindler had palmed himself off on the nobility as an Irish knight-, under the name of Sir Tig Mickan ; that he had carried 011 a system of wholesale plunder,' and disposed nf the goods through t-bn agency of a disreputable old woman, named Yoorst, whose . still more disreputable daughter haci been in the habit of goin cr about disguised as a boy ; that on one occasion, as the high and well-born Count Moritz von dem Pickelharing was passing through the Juden Gasse, he was set upon, by these people, aud grievously maltreated by them. The chief scoundrel, the'Tri'sh Tiffj the landlord said, had been captured and put on his trial, but th'e full extent of his delinquencies being then unknown, he had been let off with the trifling sentence of a month's imprisonment, with public degradation in the market-place. Since then, however, the noble Count fias recovered of liis wounds, and, on'the very eiening of this infamous Tii''s release from goal, he had found himself sufficiently restored ro lay the whole case before his gracious Majesty, who had at once com missioned him to amvst the whole gang. Arrived at their nest, he found the chief villain flown, but he had secured the persons of -the infamous Yoorst and her daughter, and as soon as the Irishman was arrested, they would be brought to trial. Thus spoke the landlord, to whom I Teague listened with fear and horror combined. The only "drop of com- fbit in the whole affair was the iriti nniii'-n that ivlarie would not be brought | to trial until after his arrest ; and rliat he determined sliould not be accomplished so easily. Very naturally Meister Gokel, having disburdened himself of his budget of news, sought to replenish his stock by the aid - of his guest ; but such was the immeasur able distance between the burgher and the gentleman in those days, that Teague! found 110 difficulty in evading his enquiries by simply assuming an air of ban+onn J which was in reality quite foreign to his cheery nature. Bis breakfast finished, our hero paid his bill 'and departed, and had the good luck , to pass through the I gates withoutqucstioningfrbm the guards I Once fairly outside, his spirits rose, and he rode along, merrily humming a tune, and picturing to himself all the' great things he would do when once restored to his proper position. Presently he was aware of the approach of a troop of horse men, at the head of whom he quickly recognised his quondam opponent, Moritz yon dem Pickelharing. Escape was impossible, so he determined to brazen the matter out, relying on his native impu dence to pull liiiu through. " A fair good morning. Count." he sairl. I as soon as they were within speak in f distance— "I trust that you have re I covered from your wound, and that you bear mo 110 animosity. Begorra I'm mighty glad I mot ye the day, seein' as I how T wished to tell ye how sorry I was J that I made such an oniadliawn of meself all along of a dirty Jew boy. Sure it must have been the drink, or I'd never have dreamt of insultin' so gallant a I gentleman." : - The Count was taken aback, at this address, being a somewhat thickffiead'e'd Teuton, little versed in finesse, and utterly" ignorant of ' the blarneying faculty of an Irishman. He. muttered something abput the apology being made rather iate m the clay, and .requested our hero tc accompany j him back to Prague. I Ah, t-hen, 1 111 desolated to be obliged I to refuse yer polite invitation, Count; but I'm undher a vow, and sorra a. step dare I step backwards till I have seen the Hermit of the Sehnee Koppe." ' "You must Wait a more fitting' season for its accomplishment, sir,' said the ! Count, severely "I bear his Majesiy:3 command to nring you to his presence without delay." Ai tl is moment another troop of , horsemen rode up, and their leader ail once addressed, .himself .to the. Count, ' asking whom he had there. ' " 'Tis the Irishman, my lord Duke," said the Count; bowing- low. We met him but. this moment. Would your grace please to examine him ?" . . 4 The Duke — he was the Duke of Stachel- schwein, Generalissimo of the forces, and a very great personage indeed — cast a contemptuous glance at Teague, and then started suddenly,. . " See, count," he said, hastily ; " See ! The scoundrel has had the temerity to assume the gblcl'eu spurs of knighthood; even after tlieyjiad been hacked from his heels by the public executioner !"- , . "It is true," said the Count. "Such audacity passes belief.'-' "His Majesty has given orders that should the rogue be found he should be at once put over the border as a vagabond, and it was to tell you'tliis I set out this morning. Methinks we might- well do a little more, and scourge him into the bargain." "Nay, great sir," said Teague, im ploringly, "put not that indignity upon . me, I beseech you 1 I am a gintleman born, aud lh6 descendant of kings— for sure, a noble man of high descent would not willingly bring such disgrace upon an ancient family." The Duke of Stachelschwein was not a bad sort of a fellow 'at heart, and his appeal moved.him to pity, so he contented himself by ordering tlie soldiers to strip. Teague of his fine clothes, "and then:, turn' him over the border, warning him that if he returned it wbuld be at tlie. 'peril of" his life. - \ Teague fblt so much relieved that lie commenced a speech bf thanks, which was abruptly cut short by the Duke, who rode off, committing tlie execution of the sentence to Count von dem Pickelharing. That same afternoon master Teague fouud himself in Saxon Silesia, minus clothes, money and horse, and plus a dirty wnolltiri garment, roughly manufac tured for the occasion out, of a horse cloth. " Une piece of good luck had; befallen him ; the amulet, given to hiin by the Countess Mario, had escaped the greedy gaze of the soldiers, and he had also been enabled to preserve a solitary gold piece by concealing it in liis mouth. Finding himself in the immediate neighbourhood of Hirschberg, a town of no small importance in those days, Teague determined to seek there some sort of out fit, however humble, and trust to chance for the means to prosecute his journey. , On entering the town, he addressed him self to. th'e first tailor whose sign fell under his notice, and accounted . for his sorry plight by stating that he had fallen into the hands of a band of robbers, who had robbed him of everything he possessed. The tailor, a garrulous little man (Are not all tailors, and especially all little tailors, garrulous?) readily believed the tale, and condoled with our hero, advising him also to address himself to the Hermit of the Sehnee Koppe, who had mighty influence over the robber, bands of the country, and could doubtless procure the restitution of the stolen goods. Like a flash of lightning it struck Teague that lie had heard the Countess Maije refer to the Hermit as her counsellor and friend. What better coukl he do than visit that powerful personage, and recount their misfortunes to him ? He enquired the way to the Hermit's cell, and, having inducted himself into a modest suit bf grey., frieze, he bade the worthy, tailor good day, and hastened towards the Sehnee Koppe. \ Before he had made much way, the night fell, and. then Teague regretted his precipitancy, for lie had still some distance to travel, and there was 110 sign of even a peasant's hut on the roadside. Had he had the good fortune to have set on this journey in the nineteenth century, he would have found huts and cabarets galore, and even a restaurant . on the hoary head of the Sclinee Koppe itself; but Brown, J ones, Robinson, and Co. had not yet civilised the continent, and poor Teigue had nothing before him but the prospect of going to" bed supperless on the mountain heather. Fortunately lie had had the forethought to bring with him a tidy flask full of good spirits ; and what Irishman ever suffered his spirits to flag as long as there was "whisky in the jar ?"— Teague made; him a bed under a boulder of rock ; built a fire ; took a good swig at the flask, and then began to sing. . He sang th6 'Cruiskeen Lawn, the only song in his repertoire, sixteen times through , and was j ust about to commence it again, when a hollow, groan sounded somewhere behind the boulder, against which he was leaning. " What was that ?" said Teague. " Is anybody ; there ? Come out o' that, ' ye spalpeen, or I'll knock yer ugly head off !" s He waited for. a reply, and, after a j minute, was rewarded by hearing a louo- I drawn sigh as of intense relief, followed by the sound of footsteps, and the rustling- of a garment against the heather. Teague sprang to his feet, and hurried round the rock ; to see advancing . a ghostly-looking figure, clad in some long grey garment, which completely concealed its shape. "By the mortial, it's a . banshee !" he exclaimed, crossing himself. " Arrah,; why can't ye be lettin' a chap alone ! I'm not in me own counthry at all, at all ; and -nobody niver heard of a banshee travelling over the say before." . Here the figure emerged from- the shadows, and then Teague saw that it was 110 banshee, .but a monk or friar— mayhap even the Hermit lie' was in search of— as indeed proved to be the case. . " Baozvobiscum," said the Hermit. "Be jabers, an' its little I'm thinkin' about pax the night," replied Teague. "Thou speakest with a strange accent, iny son— ait thou from foreign lands?" "I am that same. .Maybe ye've heard of the first flower of the earth, t-lio first gem of the say ?" "I do not remember me at the instant. Dost thou mean England ?" ' ' Dost I madn which, ould shaven-pate," roared Teague. "Is it insultin' me ye'ref J afther ? England ! Och wirr as thru ! Do Hook like a muvdheriri' bloody-minded ?j..xon ?" ' ' . Nay, I said not so," replied the Hermit; soothiugly; " I wist not that thou were an enmity with these English." At enmity wid 'em ! Be the powers o' Moll Kelly, it's not entity I'm feelin' fur the hkes o' them— if It honest disgust. The dir thy heretic bastesj. A true born Oirishman - don't' bemean himself wid enmity fur 'em. Sure, it's mighty lucky fur the English that the blessed Saint Pathrick isn't to the fore, or he'd march, 'um out of Oirlaud in double quick time, like he did the other vermin." "I perceive then thou art an Irish man?" - . A,:<T V'k/ not? Yo don't mane to insinuate anythin' agin ould' Girland, ye snivellin' ould; humbug ? Sure an' if I thought ye did, I'd "—and here the irate! Teague made a- suggestive motion, which caused tlie Hermit to shyink back - under his hood, and involuntarily raise his hand to .ward off the blow which imminently impended. " My son," said the Hermit, " be not so hasty. I am a man of. peace, aud I meant thee no injury. But tell me, whence conies it, thou art here, alone, in the dead of night ; and, above all, what fearful penance is.it that thou. undergoest that compelletli.thee to sing those dreadful dirges as that which lias filled my soul with bitterness for the last hour or more?" Teague lifted a blazing band from the fire, walked slowly- up "to the Hermit, threw his hood back, and gazed long and steadily in his face. ' . /;- - " VVliat's your little, game ?" asked the . Hermit; turning red with' rage at this in sulting examination. ' " Mad— mad as a hatter !" said Teague, flinging down- the -brand; and resuming his seat. "Good . time - here on the mountain at midnight, with sorra a friend to 'the fore but a raving lunatic.; - Begoira its lively ! xnighty liveTy !" . ' " J' Young man," 11 aid. the' Hermit, severely, " thy igaoranee is the only excuse for thy insolence. Know that Iaui tlie Hermit of the Sehnee rKoppo, and respect me accordingly."-,. "Mother - of-' Moses !" exclaimed ' Teague, jumping up— " I \ax " yer rive- ; ' rence's pardon— sure, its little I thought it'was yourself at-all', at all." ' "Thou art forgiven, "%my son ; but be not so hasty in future. " ' Sure, how could I- .know your rive- rence was making. game of me? Didn't ye say -the" Cruiskeen Lawn was a dreadful dirge? An' it the song 0' the world for harmony 1" v . The Hermit smiled, biit avoided an. ex planation by repeating" the question as to how league came to be there at that hour ; whereupon our hero entered int.va .full, .true, and. particular account of all that had happened, and wound up by askiug his reverence's help. "We will together to the Emperor, my son," said the Hermit. " Come with me now to my cave; and, when the day. dawns, we will begi.Voui' journey. What is that in the bottle ?" . "Sure it's odyvee, they calls it, your riverence— not bad shtuff of a cowld night, but not a patch on, the whisky." "Pass it hera, ;my son," said the Hermit / " misfortune makes us acquain ted with strange bedfellows, and with strange drink too at times. Even I myself have been before now compelled to slake my thirst with- water.!' £ " No ?"- exclaimed Teague, admiringly. "An' didn't it turn feowld on-yer rive- rence's stomach ?" - " Let me not speak of it, my son — the subject is painful. In my cell I have a little even of your own whisky. A present from an Irish knight to whom I rendered some slight service. Cume on then, and we will see whether you approve of it." Need it be said that Teague was only too glad to accept thejiivitation, and that the well-matched pair kept it -up till day light? As for the Qruiskeen Lawn, Teague sang it seventeen- times more, and the Hermit vowed that he ' liked it better -every time, and, eventually joined in the chorus himself" ""hose were jolly times — -parsons, priests' "and hermits -never drink now— that . is 'to " say, hardly ever ! Chapter y. < No adventure worthy of n Wnnred- to Teague and liis! compan;.,.. their journey ; and, when they arrived . a ' tlie Coprt/'the nain'e of the Hermit p." the Sehnee Koppe proved a ready passport to the Emperor ; although, as Teague -still- retained possession of the amulet, he heeded no such .introduction. The Emperor listened courteously to their tale, and, when they had verified' it by catli on a bit of tlie_ true cross, he at once reversed the decision of t-lie King of Bohemia ; thus restoring to Teaguethe dignity of knighthood. His Imneri.il Majesty then commissioned a herald to accompany our friends to Prague, charging him to inform the King of Bohemia ol what had been done, and to demand that the Countess Marie von Adersbach should be immediately placed in possession of her father's property. If the Ring refused complianpe, tlie herald was instructed to proclaim war, with all the ceremonies -in such' cases made and provided. Teague, onife more Sir Teague McGann, bi Castle AIcGann, thanked the Emperor for his . condescending- kindness, and proinised His /Majesty that, should the time ever come wheu it wonld be in liis power to lend the aid of his arm to do battle with his Mafestv's : enemies, lm would be found in front of the fray. Then they set forth on their return journey, escorted by the herald and two pursuivants. 'Nothing remaijkable befel them until they reached tlie Giant Mountains, when, towards evening; as they were passing through a narrow gorge; they were suddenly assailed by a troop of horsemen,- led by Moritz yon dem Pickelharing, whose spies had informed him of what had taken place at the Court of Aiistria, and who took this means to, av.enge himself and save his property ; for the estates of Marie von Adersbach had been granted to him by the Kiqg of Bohemia some years previously. . . Teague— through the generosity of the Jtmperor, fully equipped foi- battle— made a vigorous, defence ; but his companions were immediately overpowered, not even attempting, resistance, and, battling against such odds, it is small wonder that he soon found himself unhorsed; and at the mercy of; his enemy. ; . ' . ' Moritz von dem Pickelharing held hasty counsel with his lieutenant as to what should be done with the prisoners, and they were not long: in arriving at i: decision. To spare their lives would be but to endanger their own, so Moritz curtly announced to our friends that they must prepare to die. . " Moritz von dem Pickelharing," said the Hermit, solemnly, " fill not UD thfi mpfl. I sure of thine iniquities by murder. Thou hast already, outraged the laws of chivalry by this attack upon an embassy— add not to t-liy crimes by sacrificing the lives of; men who have done thee' no injury." . Say your prayers, old man, I have \- decided," was the reply. " All sure, ax 110 mercy from the villain,"' exclaimed Teague. " Be me soul, I'd reytlier die than kneel to sufih a craven ! " " Then die ! " shouted. the Count, rush ing at linn' with" uplifted sword. . Just then a low wailing cry was heard and an arrow whistled through 'the air! transfixing the -hand wfiich was raised over Tongue's head; The Count uttered a yell of anguish ; and his attendants ran to ' their horses but, like the rush of the whirlwind, came down upon them from all sides a band of monks, - habited in grey frocks, but brandishing sword and mace with the skill of practised warriors. . . Iu a moment; the conquerors were conquered; the soldiers were killed to a man ; and then the monks disappeared as hastily a3 they had arrived! Count Moritz alone1 of all his party remained alive, and he was sorely wounded, having in addition to the arrow through his arm' received an ugly blow from, a mace, which must infallibly have crushed his skull.had it not v been protected by a helmet - of proof. Teague could not believe , his eyes. " Who were those phantoms ?" he asked of the Hermit. . . ." My brethren of the Sehnee Koppe," replied that individual, gravely, " hermits like myself, who rose from their graves to save their unworthy brother. " Holy Yargin !" exclaimed Teague, " them's awful peoDle to cross ! Mav I niver, if I didn't think they were ghosts all the time !" , " Let us forward, my son,' said the Hermit — " we know not what may happen to Marie in our absence." " Begorra, that's true, your riverence ; but we soon will know, if anybody can see in this charm," and, so saying, Teague .handed to the Hermit the amulet he had received from Marie. " " Ha ! That is fortunate ' — What do I sec? Marie lies under sentence of death at the stake to-morrow afteruoou ! Haste ! Whip and spur, ! We have many leagues to ride before then. But first I will dispose of this youth iu my cell. Ride you forward. I .will overtake you before you reach the foot of the mountain." Hot, tired, and dusty, the little party rode into Prague on the following day, and reached , tlie market place just" as Marie .(who had. been condemned to death as a witch) and Sheelah were led ud to the stake. - \- The King" and Court were all assembled to witrieas the spectacle, and .no little sensation was created when tlie Austrian herald, in his gorgeous tabard, emblazoned with the arms of his sovereign, drew up before the King and demanded a hearing. .' The affair was soon settled. ' War with the Emperor was not to, be thought of for ode moment, and iii five "minutes, Marie and our hero were united ; not in the bonds' of matrimony, be it understood— that came later. What more is there totell? Teague and Marie realised the Adersbach property, and dwelt for many years happy and respected at Castle McGann, where Sheelah, . or Frau Yoorst, as Teague insisted upon calling her, lorded it over the household in high style. " Moritz von dem Pickelharing, having lost his property, got religion, and succeeded oiir friend, the Hermit, who became chaplain at Castle McGann. - Many years afterwards, iu a uioment of confidence, the Hermit, then known- as Father Nicholas, imparted to Teacrue the secret that the Hermit business was all a "hum," and that he had been in reality the chief of a baud of robbers, tyho used his cell as their rendezvous, Therefrom,- it may be presumed that the Count Moritz found congenial society in his seclusion. But how about the Holy Grail ?— It must be confessed that it was not until after his return to Ireland that Teague .remembered the object which ;led him to Bohemia. Like a wise man, He determined that he was not good enough for the task, and so abandoned it. Father Nicholas gave him absolution— There was nothing: the good man would not do — for a con sideration. 