.TWO MARRIAGES. ; talLVttiiSU SVnl. (continued.) ' XJEottttii stood and loolcod hopelessly tat tho liouso. Sho saw two dear little figures atattdlng in tho ruddy firelight, thofr IftWM pressed oiigorly against tho "window of tho day nursery, looking taut for mother. They could not sod mothor as sho <: ' fetood'in tlio sliadow of a troe, but . sho saw thorn. Sho saw anothor figure como nnd join them — a man's. It was Gilbort. IIoiro, -of oonrso, long ngo. Thoy woro nil looking out for her; J. and' '"sho folt as, if" alio 'had best lio i_ . down, if sho could, in tho snow nnd v< dio, and .novor moot tlioir fncos any Tnoro- . \ > Had sho not been tho moans— the innocent ignorant means — of bringing -dishonour' ojUheirmll? j .$»:, Oh, hqayxjnB ! aud sliqt loant against ... 'tliq cold, wot bnijc .rf-iho tree, and , j-Boizod a small branch in both hor . . . " hands with n. grasp of. fronzy. Was / , . not this too tnuoh to ask of any oroa— fl turo uerra of llesh and blood, with ,-> hoark «irS coriScionco and natural nffeofftfhs, to bear ? Sho could not. she wotM not, loso thom! Sho would sooner '(Bel Ton mxnutos later tho mistruss of tho houso stnggorod lilco a blind .woman 'up tho stops and into tho lmll. She would fain hnvo cropt away to hor own room, like some animal who -has nscoivod a mortal hurt and would r9to 'taiisoon, but no such escape was f -jwsslblo. "ffillmrtjbnd boon anxiously watch-. .ving'Toriior|"fina"'Ti6: .adil ;ilio ohildrdlT ; ; rUHtmo troopings dowmsthirs' in a bpffy ' 1 "to moot liorho oxolniniing, — Moth(j| this wiff novor do ! What haakopt.yoii ? Tlio docorntiono in t&o; nursery nil wanting to bo slipwii. . Why ' suddenly catching a glipfjpso of tho ghaBtly face, nnd, quiokly, sot- > ting 'down Jack, ho said, in a tono of ".gonuino alann, 'my dear girl, .what has hnppenod to you ?' taking hor by tho band. 'Nurso, mind inastor Jnok,' leading hor towards tho littlo moitaing- room. ' Where havo you boon ? You w- have not ...soon tho ghost again, havo you ? ' pulling a ohair towards tho firo. nnd pushing hor down into it as jz.'-'r. Georgia mftdo no verbal answer, but moroly shook Iter head. ' I told you you should not go'otit ; .;,v but you would have your own way, of— ' he wont on reproachfully, t and \- >. .then you loitor an hour in tlio park ; v no wondbs y.ou have got aobill! Hero, drhak this hot toa, and give mo your ,v muff,' taking it out of lior norvoless- 'Sho accepted tho tea mechanically, mechanically sippod it, with her eyos on.thofiro. ' /'How long should slio sharp his jhenrth with hor prosent companion? \- ' pTow.Jgiig would ho cliorish hor thus ionOeny ? Not an.liour, hor heart . qs8ured hor, onco lip know that sho waii ppt his wile, ' j , Sho tur'nod and looked at' and' saw that, ho was studying lief oriti- (Cally, anxiously, "" / No wondor! Ho cojuld eoo that something uncommon had agitated Oeorgie; that slio was looking lilco" i " death; thnt sho kept ropentadiy rip- 1 plying hor handkerchief to hoy foro.- ' ' , . lioad and to her lips. She 'was going to. bo very ill. Ho liad felt it coming on for some timo, aud-taota'4hi8 lmtoful spctyo "aialcnoss i» _ s'ood,0VAti nt tho door! Ho insisted, dospito hor. objections, in scndihg- Tiffji groom on horsobnek J, -"for tho fandlylloctor, or his wifo boing . . despatched to bodu . And lie was evir '/dently very unoasy in liis mind, and ' -)rtff"faco opiK)Bito to Gporgje' at dinuor WR9;hoth gloomy and anxious, and his romarlcs„ equally absont and dis- jointed. " -The doctor's visit, -howover, -dis- pellod his feorsr— ' Mrs. Yornoh"-had a good deal of f over; it was moroly tho result of a bad cold. Ifor miiid, though,' dropping tho vpipo into tlio . liusbnnd's oor,, ' is a littlo-disturhod. \- ta- I'would say sho lincl n shock, oh? Do j'ou knota' nnyfhing in that, way?' . inystoriouBly; ,, ,1-; '. ' v, iShoclcT'-'niilntfSho ta'ns . frightenod f,y a tramp flt tho window n day or wo ago — that's all J Jfifow of it. I (lon't: think sho has got ovor.it yet— that's it, I fancy.' 'Very likolyj very likely,!"' She_ has p Jiighly strung and a most sensitive i ' prgaliiiihtion,' said tho dootor ; nndthe i\TO men woro sdtisflod that i( wns '. jiOthiilg hut a feverish goldj and would soon pnss off— but not so Miss Fano. - : Slio lind hor own id'ons on tlio sub ject, rtndrnftor tlio doctor had loft, and hcjr cousin had sotllod down to thoir usual 'gamo of cliom., shqaid atoi£ soiiio " ti.irio, as slio paused,' pawn in iianil, and looked across at him,— 'Vory odd, this fainting attack pf Goorgio'o and illness to-niglit. — sq suddon. Tho- doctor said slio bad n mon tal shook.' _ 0 " "" ' Did ho ! ' returned Gilbert, won- doring.Jipw sho vknow. 'It tarns tlinf trnnip - thrusting bis ugly fdeo up ngainsttliq.ta'indow-pnne.' v;": ' But'sho had got ovor that, nnd wns quito horsolf to-day, 'objected Jlie astute Lizzie. ' Slio hoard somotliing this aftornooli,' and sho paused abruptly, as if sorry bIio bad said so much. ' Hoard what ? ' ropcatod hor cousin, irritably. ' For goodness salco, Lizzie, don't put on such an air of mystery — what do you mean ? ' impatiently. ' t moan this, thnt slio was walking in tho park this afternoon with n mnn flt.rntifrn mnn 1 ' vntnrnnrl ilin lndv. wit.h .a deliberate docision. Sho was goiii to do horsolf tho ploasuro- of opotung Gilbort's oyos. _ Oh!' with assnmad indjfforonco; ' and what of that'? ' I Simply that £hey woro having a, scone — high-words ! I could see it all from my own window ! ' ' You must havo a long sight ! ' in a cool, sarcastic tono. I I will own to you, Gilbort, that I was so'intorostod, nnd so astonished, tlint I got out my opera-glnssos ! ' ' Perhaps j'ou saw double? I can scarcely think thnt Goorgio would not liavo montionod tho strnngor, or brought him in such a cold ovoning.' ' Porliaps it was somoono sho did not wibIi us to seo! ' ' Lizzio ! ' very stornly, ' I will thank you to romombor that you aro speak ing of my tadfo ! ' And Lizzie wns. snubbed, and furious; but not with him." . Sho novor was furious witli him ; alio; was furious with Goorgio for having "fjeori tho roason of this snub. Howovor, sbo. dissemblodj lnughod, and. said, — ' Gilbort, what an old boar you aro ! Perhaps you think that I dreamt tho whole thing?' All the s'amo, tho rioxt morning, as ho and oho walked along the path to church, Goorgio boing still an invalid," nnd lying in a darkonetl roornrtlikir no notice of husband, children, letters, iMinannta iw mnnr mnnv tvialina -Pnr n vory merry Christmas, only imploring ovory ono who enmo near lier ' to go away, nnd loavo her alone.' 'Look here, Gilbert,' said bis com-, pnnion, "abruptly ; ' you wplild j net" beliovo mo last night, andiwtiro very angry nnd rudo. Now, do you" boo thoso footstops in tho snow, coming from tho church — two pairs, sido by sido? Horo aro a man's, in clumsy big boots — chonp boots!' scornfully. ' Horo nro tho footprints of Georgio's protty little foet. Soo — ' measuring her own — ' it's not mino. Sho takes a mko smaller thau l do.' On such, an occasion slio, was evon superior to!- vanity, and frankly ad- qiittod tlio fact. . MrlVornpri lookocFroluctantly, ' nnd did soo. Ho rondify recognised tho dainty footprints of his bgtter half. Soo/procoodod-Jjizzio,.' horo thoy paused ; niltl it looks as if she had etnmpod the gi'ound in a rage. Horo thoy go on — hero sho has moved away from liim — hero ho follows her — bore nro thoir footprints vory close to- gothor— what can it moan?'- lifting hor pnlo eyos to his sohibro, dark ones, with a fixity of purpose. ' It moans nothing ! ' angrily. ' It wns tlio rector qg qqjajter-jAt any rate, I "don't -qJiro Wvlio f if /was, as you imagino'tliat I am jealous" of Georgio that ' siio 'is not iis froe as ajr to "spualc and to xvalk with whomsoever she likes — that I trust hor as I do tlio sun ? And lot mo add, LizzioT don't tadsh to say 'disagroonblo things on Christinas-day, but you would -make an; admirable detective ; I . can seo hut you liavo quito a tnlont in that lino ! ' Lizzio lnughod, and tossed hor liond, nnd accepted this very doubt- full compliment quito calmly. . And thou thoro was a long silonco that carriod tliom'as far as the churoh gato"; whore many grootings tumod tho current of tlioir thoughts. NoodleBB tq say of what sho had boon thinkinjij. "Slut ho lirid-boon roflocting on those mysterious footprints, for oiio thing — and ho lino boon wondering ; why Goorgio had turned away her fncdthnt moroing frem his proffered "Iciss — why Sho had motioned away the climbing, oagor ohijdron— ta'hy sho .who, ovon ta'lion really ill, had boon only too ready to soo a»d welcome ovoryonp, him especially. Now, in a husky voice this Christmas. morning, slio had implored him 'not to apsk to hor,- not to trouble to como to oak for hoi; ! All slio on treated was' Jfco bo loft per fectly qlono, \- „. . ; I ' "' | ' ' ' . chapter xix. " For tlireo days Mrs. Vernon kopt her room", desiring nono but hor own eompanj' — ljanishing husband and cliildron nliko, and altogotlior bohav.- ing vorj' strangely. Hor liushand shut his eyes toHhis extraordinary be haviour as far as Miss Fano could make' out ; but speculation wns rife in tho sorvnntBj hnU. . - Was ovor suoh an illness knqiyh ?-=-J)q dqptor, uq modi- oino, no -food 6cavcoly — a pationt who nslmd' nothii' but tp bo (illowod to look hor door on ovoryono ; Jnhd it wns mc)ro qdiL'jn tiiphynisti'pss jhrpi jt would ho iilduiotiior. BJiq.ivus always so noliva, so gay, so full of .life, and so fond of talking, and Jaqgjijqg, and of society, j usf q sunlioqn) in tlioliouso ! IVliat iiad como over hor? No ono could toll. Hor maid reported that <sho ta'ns not always in ;bod, as was supposed, "hut tlint alio hoard, lior, liour after hour, pacing up anil down hor room, , - ancl tliut ivhon sho had "knbqhpd hor mistress horsolf hni bponetftho door with lior hair nil liang- -ing.down hor bnoki and hor face the colo'uif of donth, and told hor that ' she wanted nothing, and to i go ;awny.' Vl Thoso throo days of solitude had givon Goorgio t.inio to; colloot horsolf, to norvo liersolf for what was coming. Tho first day and night sho had lain stunned, as if sho was dead — as if this awful blow had killed hor. Tlio second day hor faculties returned, and sho be gan to think, and, oh! agony, tofoq,. "Tho third day sho spont wnlkidg milos \- up and down hor room, endeavouring to soo some loopholo of esonpo from hor impending fato, and, failing tljat, to make up hor mind as to what fehe monnt to do. , What slieuneant not to do was easily.;, settled. ' Live vjith Peter ! Go with fiiin a yard ! . No, Bhe. would rather dio two separate deatbls— ralhor bo torn in pieces by wild lions, or burnt at tho stake. On this subjoct hor mind was fhlly mako up, nnd most ont-iroly settled. 'And at least, if tlioro is no escape from liim. T nan lrtll invfifilf.' s"hfi fiaifl to horsolf fiercely, as she stood in front ofnrlong mirror, and gazod at hor own haggard reflection. What a chango in hor looks" thoso throo days' grinding, montal torment had effected! Bhe Jooltod yonrs older, sho looked worn, she looked careless and desperate, not the least liko the radiant and pretty, young "woman who had looked into that glass but one short week ago ! Sho had easily made up hor mind about Potor Blaino, but shqcould como to no conclusion about Gilbert Vornon. Slio knew that ho must bo told, and. by hor o-wn lips, if possible. ; How, nnd in what words, could she" frame her awful tidings? How could sho loavo her children ? She could not, wouia not ; yot to Btay under tiil- bert's roof, his wife in tho oyes of tho world; -was a sin. Was ever anyone's lot so hard ? Sbo must by the laws of society renounce her husband, ;her ohildron, and go with a man mho loathed. - No, she might leave hiuso and home, but, never, never wouldfsbo quit it with him. What had not ffeiiis hafoful legaoy cost her — that odjous black cabinet? She wished it had boon, burnt with its contents ero sho hat. ovor seen it! It was only the money Pjotor wanted ; might she nofj givcKim -all and thus possibly purohaso his silpnee 2 But how account for suoh a strange" proceeding to her lawyers, to Gilbert ? Oh! ho must qe told — he must he told. This sho repeated ovor and.pvor again, as she wallcod hor room' from end 'to : .end .. wringing hor hands in a kind :of frenzy. >. ! - '. -The fourth day the 'was composoil.;. very pale -indcod,- "but perfectly self- possosscd tlio chlra snccoeahigthestorm. She appoarod in tho morning — nftor Eqr husband bad gone out—and an swered Miss Fane's cross-examination "with tlio utmost sang froid, 'Sho was bettor ; she had had fearful neuralgia, and could not boar a sound, nor any one near hor whon in thnt stnto. So vory sorry that it should hnppon at Christmas ; must try and bo nil right for tho new year,' knowing well that tho now year would find nor a ban ished womnn. J Sho was courageous enough now, and determined to show n bravo front to Lizzio to the" last. Oh! if Gilbert wero to marry Lizzio, as had boon suggested to hor by Petor, sbp was suro that it would kill hor;' and horo sho wns conversing with this vory lady, with a cool, solf-possisod air, talking of trivial mattors, whilst, all the timo this horrible thought 'wob literally soaring hor heart. j Sho lvns liko tho SpaTtan boy, and boro hor agony bravely nnd socrotly. Moanwbilo Gilbert had boon taking advnntago of a thaw, and, onjoyinga capital run with tlio foxhounds; ho -had gone ggyay for tno moot to tlio othor ori'd of tho country by early train, and was not coming home till tho next day. Mr. Vornon roturnod tho next after noon, just iiptimo to bo too late for luncli. ' How is Georgio ? ' was bis first quostion, as Lizzffi..; rosp oagorly to groot him. . ' ' Oh, she's seemingly nllright again. Aftor you loft yostordny morning sho came down nnd wont out.' j ' Wont out ! ' ho echoed in amazo- mont. .. \ i ' .Yes. And slio is out again now.' -.Th'ore is a significance in tho1 low tones that.does not oscapo him. And wnero, in tho name of mad ness — driving?'' ' No, walking. I fancy sho has gone tota-ards tho village. In short, my donr, dear. .Gilbert, brnco yourself for a sliocli! T'Tldve positive proof that slio has gouo to moot— n qian. Don't look so angry, but listen to mo. Hero, I picked this up on tbo stairs yester day., :(It was well nono of tho servants . happorfod to find it,' holding towards him a half-sheot of paper in a mys: toi'ious manner.- ' ' ' What is it.?.. Wligt' do you moan ? ' 'h'o sitid, quickly, noarly snatching it from lior.jind running liis oyes over the contonts, ivliich lvoro written in a bold, square hand, and ran as fol lows f— . 'Dear G — — , . . ' Moot mo in tho summer-house at tho ond'bf -tonnis ground, at twoshaip. 'P. B.' For some Bcconds Mr. Vernon stoqd etopli-Btill, gazing at tho papor in his hand M-if it woro a scorpion. Thon lie walked- ovor and dropped it into tho fifbj'Whefo in a momout it ivns in n flame, gvbntly to Miss Fauo's annoy- nneo. Slio would havo likod to havo kopl-iho littlo rioto, and now it was gono for ovor. Slio showed hor dis satisfaction in hor faco, as sho turned to hor oouein, arid snid, pointedly, — ' And yo'v truso hop still ?' f I trust hbl' always,' ho rotunped, looking"' juto" hor 03-03 with bravo dotianco. .. '.Tii'oA I hnvo no pity, for you,. Gil bert, whatovoi' happons. All I; can isay.is that you aro a credulous., weak minded,. blind— ta-ilfully bliml — fool.' ". Miss -Fane's anger got tlio uppor hind of hor prudenoo for once!" "Slio spoko in liasto— in a toworirig passion — and subsequently, whon lior'-passion- cooled, repented at hor leisure. Sho wns a ' little afraid of Gilbcfrt"; and thon tho look ho had givon.her ns ho rang' tho Loll and' ordered lunch, and subsequently loft tho room, made lior sorry sho had spoken.- 'Why slionld sho meddle?' she. .askod horsolf, angrily. ' Ho will find, hor out for himself.' , Her words wore prophetic. After lunch,— which was only the name of tho thing, as far as ho wos concornod —ho wont out with the intention of coming to tho bottom. of this ' mystory, nnd knowing tlio worst nt once — some poor rolstion of Goorgie's that sho was reluctant to parade beforo Lizzie's cool satiribnl oyos. But Georgia's rolations wore his, and if ho — it was a man — this undo or brother-in-law or cousin of bors wanted a holping band bo wns rondy to extend it with nil tho plonsure m 1110. It was nenrly three o'clock whon he roabhod tho summor-liouso— a room in tho garden, liko a cottage, thatched and covered with orecpers. It had ronl wiridows, a door, a fireplace, and wns furriishod with tables and ohnirs. In summer it wns tho invariable resort for afternoon ton, but in the winter it wns ontiroly desorted. It was not known as a summerbouso, but went by tho name of tho garden-room. He was not too late after all. He hoard voices distinctly as he came jioross a grass slope — voices in tho bass, Voices, in the treble, voices mingled in anger and expostulation. Ho Rfnnnnd And lnnlt-orl in at. tlia window through tho surrounding ivy, and saw Georgia standing sidetvays to him,wfapped in a shawl, with a fur oap on ' her head ; and sitting down, ohewing a toothpick, his elbows on tho tables, in the most froo and busy at titude, loungod tbo American, -liis fellow-travellor. - "- : ( To be continued. J, " - 