Miscellaneous* Presentiments. — Presentiments love weak places, hence they flourish among weak-minded people— not necessarily weak-minded by nature, but made by a diseased body. Au almost infallible cure for presentiments, however violent, is plain food and plenty of open-air exercise. Who ever heard of a healthy outdoor day-labourer having a 'presenti- ment ' in tho pursuit of his occupation ? The fact is, he I has no time for such tomfooleries ; the only presentiment I that ever troubles him is a veritable fact, a tangible reality. I ' Root, pig, or die !' is his ever-living ghost Presenti- I ments do not exist except in connection with ono of tho I three following subjects — a weak mind, a diseased body, an I mie conuinou oi me. 'xioauug- ana gluttony are tae great originators of this unfortunate condition of mind, and its almost certain removal follows temperate eating combined with physical activity. All preferences impose an obligation to give more weight to the opposite side. As men know they will be influenced by their wishes, they should insist upon dwelling longer and more carefully on the arguments that thwart them. They should practise a wholesome self-abnegation as far as, possible, resisting the force that agrees with their wishes and welcoming that which opposes them, thus doing all in their power to restore the balance which an intense desira has destroyed. Motives in Social Difficulties.— What is to decide when you have an unpleasant duty placed before you which is of considerable urgency, but not final? You mav sometimes get your own consent to leave it alone if the dropping of it will make peace and the carrying of it war. When is war righteous and obligatory? When is it wise to pass by some injustice, some wrong-doing to others, some abuse that would soon be rectified if it wera fully displayed, but to stir which will make vast trouble, will make hard feelings and heart-burnings thai possibly almost equal in wretchedness the original wrong ? In such a ease ihe only safe way is to look to your motives well. For frequently the revelation of wrong things, the pointing out of offences and offenders, seem desirable chiefly because of a grudge you yourself hold in your heart, a jealousy, a desire to : humble some one's pride perhaps, to show them that you I remember old scores. If you can find the slightest trace of such a motive in y»ur impulse to stir up a social settlement, drop your case. You cannot trust a judgment that is warped by the mingling motive of self interest. Were we content to do one thing thoroughly and in the I beat manner, and to let that one thing be just that which I we can do best, we should attain to a simplicity in out I labour which would relieve our tired nerves and replace the I I aded look that we so often carry with a serene and cheorful I expression. I 