'^ritte^ *Tlie Gietan. difficult^iB setUeSL _ ywfinjf prospects afTQniberlfijr improving. Tin is quoted v£l-)5t6n in iheXondon niatket. Cainaman lUbb? fad Mr. Fletcher are in Bris « The Lancets? tparaafiieat is to be held on Octo ~%J$LJB. Alameda arrived at Auckland this morning. - Narrabri has decided in &▼-» «f Home Bale for Ireland. ' A Caledonian Association is to be formed at Qranville. . S'he people of fiEsnSdra are jubilant over the JPreniier'-s visit. ? . Mr. Parnell approves of the amendments in tbe Irish Land Bill. . , A k . Another shocking tram fatality last night. A young girl kiued. * _ ?_. The Poultry, Pigeon, Canary, and Dog Show ?will close to-night. . . Two of King Kalakana's late Ministers arrested for tembezziement. Strange disclosures in another colony concern ing the unemployed. .The Bellinger mail coach was run into the river at Nambucca yesterday. 'Friaco mail per S.fiLS. Alameda is due here on Wednesday morning. Fancy costume football match this afternoon on the Association Ground. The residents of Botany protest against the proposed new tram timetable. ... lake most Ministers when on the Btump, the Premier promises everything. The bones of the 'Penrith Ghost' are to be gfeientifically examined in Sydney. Another drunken man, William Watson, died in a Sedfern police cell last night. #r. T.~ Barker, sen., one of tbe oldest residents t& Baultham 'Hi Ho, died yesterday. Jtelitacal crisis in Honolulu solved by the king ?freeing to amend the constitution. Bishop Carr and 'Dr. Corbett, Bishop-elect of Sale, visitCardinal-Moran next week. . A party of fiauhau natives were arrested by the police at North Auckland yesterday. Some of the men who have struck work at tbe Katoomba Colliery are to be prosecuted. . A false rumor was current in London yester fiay, that the Prince of Wales was dead. \- Steamer Pharos, which was recently sunk at fiie mouth of the Yarra, was floated yesterday. The objects ©f the' -Queen's Fund are to be promoted at Waverley by a committee of ladies. \- Dr. Barry, Bishop of Sydney, is a passenger ty E.M.S. Alameda to arrive on Wednesday next. : The BritiBh Government decline to assist in assisting emigration of -army pensionors to New Zealand. The- brickmasters of Parramatta, Granville, Auburn, and Bookwood purpose' forming an association. Accident in Pitt-street last night. A horse attached to a milkman s cart fell, breaking the shaft ef the -cart. Lively scenes reported to have occurred in the SSlverton Municipal Council over the proposed visit of Ministers. , The Irish National Press defy the Govern ment to suppress tne National League, or to put in fort* *^ie Crimes Bill. : Goulbam is losing its old identities. Mr. Horsburg and Mr. G.M'Connell.both well known in that town, are dead. Freetraders thins Changee Welle-often Dibbs 'ought tii resign. Dibht3 doesn't see it. He pre fers a tap to Brisbane. The Murrnmbidgee River at Hay, after having reached a height of 24 feet, is now falling. The country around is flooded. Canowindra adds to the .cry of the country districts with bad roads. There has been too much rain in that district.. Cardinal Moran is in receipt of the Papal briefs for tne five appointments for the new B.C. Episcopal Sees in Australia. The protectionists will not break fresh ground during recess. They find their work cut out in holding what they've got. M. de Lesst-ps says that the Australian ship ping, traffic through the Panama Calhal will be twenty w«1H«n tons annually. . A lire in JElattsbnrg (Newcastle district), last Bight, damaged the premises of Mr. Steel, baker. The building was not insured. The highest price obtained, at the stud sheep Bales after the Beniliquin Show yesterday was WO guineas for a six-teeth ram. Thomas-61ackwell was found dead on the rail way line near Singleton, yesterday, fie had evi featlv been mn over by a train. - . A blight is devastating the cabbages and cauli flowers in the Grafton. tfittrict. It is a pity it dees not get into the whiskey bottle. ,A pubHc meeting in Walgett yesterday pro tested against the /Minister of. Land's alteration &f; the local and board's appraisements. Two females lately . living with Chinese, have been reported to the Board of Health at' Melbourne, as having contracted leprosy. An important case to sheep owners has been heard at Gundagai, under the Diseases in Sheep Act, in reference to using unrecorded marks.. The English postal authorities have made de finite proposals to the French Postal Department lor the carriage of Australian mails through fiance. . . . The Yvey Sev. Dr..O'Brien, Vice-President of All Hallows College, Dublin, has been appointed tector . of St. John's Roman Catholic College, Sydney. - Sculling race between Jacob Gaudaur and Ned Hfrninrij for £1000^ and the championship of America, to be. rowed . this afternoon on Lake Calumet. ... A heavy hailstorm, occurred at Albury on fcriday. Thirty-oae -points of rain felL The river was 10ft Sin above summer level this morn ing, and rising. Auckland teamen threaten to run steamboats ifr the New Zealand trade in opposition to the Northern Steamship Company. Cause — proposed reduction of wages. A woman shot a steerage passenger on board the R M.S. Alameda, just before she left 'Frisco. He is supposed to be a chemise of 'New Zealand, $nd was tateu to the hospital. At PaJrkes, the Colonial Secretary was asked Why he had not carried .out his promise to put a tax on rhe colonial property of Absentees ; but he would apt father tbe proposal Last night James Broadway, a shipping clerk, living in Blane-street, Newcastle, shot himself dead in his bedroom. He bad been despondent, iShce'the recent death of his wife. An opium bribe of 71,Q00dol was accepted in fionolulu — by some one— from the Chinese for granting opium licenses. , Tue King denies re eeiving it, bat says, he will find out who did. The Secretary of. S- ate for the Colonies de cides that the Attorney-General of Western Australian was not guilty of any misconduct in bis dispute with the Governor of that colony. The pigeon-fijipg inatbh, from Mittagong, was fr^n.byMf. J. Bp^sell -^Balniain), *'No.8j' Mr. XV. Sl^wgrove ^Waterloo), ??Ben Bolt,' 2-, and jir. W. St Henson (Ultimo),' Bobby Lowe,' 3. Watches cleaned, 5a ; clock, Sa 6sL Ji. B. Smith, iC, GxIordHBtrejBt.^-245 / . Baxeainfl in draperyjit pur sale. Buckingham and Frnper, S10,GeoTBO-Btteet.— 1»1. , Men's and bpysi^othinir wiling at half price Hgnau tbe nle. ?vWOHm'4, |a Dovonshire-Btroet. Pr-12. -. V- - ' '?'. ?--;?-; i. ' ? ? ???'.' t£oB'tfoEget,l«di6B, the great drapery wle starts today** Biley. Brother*, Oxfurd-etraet and George- .. The Gpming Ev«tat.— Look stF. W. S. Whiddon's third great annual Sale of Bouts, in Oxford-street, /We see ii&*a^;&at; Meswa. W/H.Paimgand Co., limited, the reiu-wiied piaaoforte importers of this city, Iuum f ncwBeded with their Victor Piano in mppl^^jRw^e^^anfe-.vie.j'a sterling instru ment mth WiTOWtaa.jii^orenieiitB at * moderate Town ff«n Coffee Paiaoe.—New Season Tea now ep-«n.— 2i3. ,.:. '-.'. ., // . . , ,.[ . ., . . Teeth FainieBBly. £dnu-ted under- nitrous oxide fia duljr at 11. HagH-olass Dentistry «t reform pncea. - VulcaHitosets. JsS; Gold ditto, £15; eatU f action gnaranteed. ;* -Msrsbwli Brothers, Dentists, 133\. EtiBat- etl»-sWeet,J|yde Park.— 117.- ' The Jubilee, hfee 1 een a great euccesB, thougn we ttink a creater Bncceis 'has been attained by tbe numbers wKo Jhave beBn'totake^dvantapeof join M'Evoy'e '23ta aralTiBl'eale, now on, of boots and eboBB, sbowiiig'Tbdnififions are appwrtnatea, at 574, George-?treeti'-r3)t. '?-_. '-+. Tattereftll's Monster Consultation, Bank Handi cap, ran Auguet-1, at Csnterbury ? and the Spring Hand! Tap, rnn Bamdwidk,, AngnBt .27;- each 200(- At»., 20a,&owppaii; ana fiUing rapidly. 10,000 sube.r Melbotme Gnp.'lO.OOO snba., at 20s ' each now open. Apply Tatters&U.; care of G. Adams. Pitt-street.— 10. ^0 waW£$ i^gii&tfe;^fopi^^^^TBiotiUBLSt snow w^g''?iB!niT;g ^ji^' '^pftjpwijij^ it J^L&ndrSy; Hill Endj and Qr^ge. ' \''': ' '' '' '-' . The steamer Phap)s,enni m the Taira,ha« been succesEfully raised.' ' ' * v A beautifully marked ring shake, two feet long, caught near -Parramatfe has Jwm *?gs§iitg4 to the Zoological Souiety by Mr, PBnshea. The arbitratipn in ttf dispute* 'as ;tp rate of bricklayers wages in Brisbane^ has fatten through owing to the Trades and Labor G^unqil departing from their line of basis. . The following application was received at thjj Bakanald Land Office on the 6th jnet for a homestead lease: John Xhomson, 10, 240 acres, county of Kilfera, parishes of ¥«ul and Thoul North. ?_.??-.?- In the Central Police Court tfci8 morning Alfred Archer was ordered to be accommodated with an apartment at the expense of the State for seven days fop having stolen four apples and seven oranges, the property of a fruit vendor. . A prospectus has been issued, in Melbourne for a National Wine Co. . . The tender for the supply of ironwork for a bridge between Homebush and Stratbiield has been obtained by Messrs. Ostermeynr,. Dewez, ?and Co., of this city. The work is to he done in thpcolonyS Messrs. Abigail and Clarke were at Ballarat yesterday, and afterwards proceeded to Ade laide. Lord Carrington and party arrived in Mel bourne yesterday, and proceeded on to Adelaide. Francis Garner, of Tomarrowna station, near Tumut, has been fined £i and* costs, at Gundagai, for using an unrecorded aheep mark. . The Colonial Secretary retornBtodutyon Mon day evening. _ ? The protectionists are stumping Deniliquin. Sir Henry Parkes has fainted ha support to the Molong-ParkeE railway. The Ministemof Works will, leave on. his trip in the Eiama district in a day or two. lie 'declines to receive anything in Che shape of a public cere mony. Bravo Sutherland. ?' ? - ' The railway people have ge-t the Government into a hole at Kiama. The Minister of Works is going to see how they cang«tout of it. At Parkes .the horses -were taken out of the carriage in which the Premier was sitting, and enthusiastic townspeople -harnessed themselves up. Britains never will be slaves 1 Applications from the offiee -of ? Professor of Agriculture, at Adelaide, will be invited from gentlemen in the colonies. Sir Herbert Sandford, British. Commissioner at the Adelaide Exhibition, is to be presented with a valuable picture and a piece of silver plate, by the British exhibitors. Balfour, Elliott, and Co., til Melbourne, ship ping and general agents, are forming into a -limited liability company. - Mr. Fisher, lately from Sydney, has been con ducting the Newcastle Liedertafel, and was last night also app-.iinted a teacher of the local phil harmonic society. For having uBed indecent language in a pnblic thoroughfare Annie Farreli and Harriett Wil liams or Burns were, at the Central Police Court this morning, each fined £3, in default one month's imprisonment, ' The French Eoyalist party are endeavoring to secure the assistance of General Boulanger. England has won the Elcho Shield at the Wimbledon Bine Meeting.' Numerous cargoes of wheat have arrived at London. 