AH ALL-NIGHT SALVATION ARMY MEETING. [From the Melbourne Daily T<tegraph t August 13.] The Salvation Army is responsible for some strange developments, It delights in innovations, bat the most novel of them all is the gathering together of its soldiers for an all night of prayer. Such a festival, for so it was called, was commenced at 10 o'clock on Wednesday night, and terminated at ten minutes past 5 o'clock on Thursday morning —seven hours and a few odd minutes—into which were compreSEed some extraordinary proceedings. From beginning to end the affair was a scene of wild, maddened, religious enthusiasm, and though it lasted so long thoBe who took part in it were as full of fervour at the end as they were at the commencement. The "all night of prayer" serves to terminate the Australasian Annual War Conference of the Salvation Army. The place chosen was the Temperance Hall, and it was originally intended to utilize only the floor space, but the crowd was so great that it became necessary to open the galleries, which were rapidly filled. The card of entry specified that all were to be in their seatB before 11 o'clock, and to arrange to stay until the conclusion of the meeting. These directions were well complied with by the 1,000 or 1,200 present, though a few took advantage of the opening of the doors at midnight to return to their homes. It would scarcely be credited that amongst the congregation were women with suckling babes, girls of 12 and upwards, unaccompanied, and many children, yet such was the case ! It was explained, however, that the meeting was intended for adults only, but BO great is the enthusiasm of the adherents of the Army that its officers had not the heart to refuse admittance to any. Nearly all the men wore bright scarlet jerseya, embroidered with mottoes and startlinc texts, and the majority of the women were clad in the poke bonnet and sombre dreES which the organization encourages its followers to adopt. At the upper end of the room was a long table covered with red cloth, at the head of which Commissioner Howard, Colonel Barker, and Colonel Pollard, the leaders of the demonstration, took their Beats. " You must keep to the spirit of the meeting," said the first-named gentleman, as he Bprang on to the table at 11 o'clock. " You have not come here because it is a novel meeting, but to be blessed," and then there was a hymn, the refrain of which was repeated half a dozen times to every verse. "Now some one pray," called the Commissioner, and the words were hardly out of his mouth when an officer responded. What he said could only be heard by those close to him, for his starting was 'the signal for an accom- paniment of groans and wails of the most distressing description. Nearly all present were under the most intense emotion; everywhere there were shouts (literally) of various devotional phrases. In this way the all night of prayer was opened. The occasionally uplifted faces of the worshippers were marked with the moat intense suffering. Men and women alike grovelled on the floor, rubbing their faces and bands in the dust. Their bodies were contorted into the moBt trying positions. The shrieks were more like those Dante tells of than of the saved. For ten minutes this dreadful noise continued, while prayer after prayer was offered. Then came a change, aB Colonel- Pollard jumped on the table, and commenced singing a verse, " Speak, Lord ! speak, Lord, for Thy servant heareth." Music is- said to have a soothing effect; it certainly calmed down the Salvation Army, for they came to their knees, and with clasped bands and bent heads took np the words, singing them in a slow, dirge-like fashion, and repeating them many and many a time. As the last notes died away a man sprang to his feet, and shrieked, screamed, yelled—no word can describe it—" Oh God! speak to me." His features were drawn up in a fearful manner. Had Parhassius seen that face he would never have tortared a slave to paint agony. Then came the Lord's Prayer, but qualified, twisted about, and embellished in such a way as to make it almost unrecognisable. This is another innovation—decidedly not a good one. Colonel Barker followed. He is the most popular officer of the organization, and apart from all other questions there were many present who owed their rescue from liveB of drunkenness and shame to his agency. Therefore as he rose there were loud cries of " Glory," " Hallelujah," and similar exclamations, which were continued with vigour all the time he was reading out the next hymn. Following was a reading of Scripture, the chapter being explained verse by verse as the reader went along. Then Commissioner Howard delivered a little address. Such a meeting brought them all on common ground, broke down the sectional fences which existed. It was heart work that was wanted that niaht, because if religion was to be divine it must be a heart matter. Practical homely illustrations abounded in this address, and as it went on strong men, like weak women, burst into paroxysms of sobbing, probably a9 good a thing as could have happeued, for it served to reduce the shouting and groaning which up to that time had bees going on almost uninterruptedly. But the quiet thus obtained does not continue,, for praying recommences immediately the Commissioner has done speaking, and BO do the moans and wailE. uch preying exhausts, for the beseecher in his efforts to ma<ke himself heard by the people sliouts in an astounding way. But tbe louder he shouts the moi« noisy do the aobwering cries become, and thus intense excitement is created in a few seconds. There is a repetition of the floor scenes, anything but pleasant to look at. liie want of a proper system leada by-and-by to half a dozen praying at the same time and more cosfusion, until, after a long interval, Colonel Pollard commences. HiB voice quells the storm, and hiB prayer is touching. Colonel Pollard is a new acquisition to Victoria, and after Colonel Barker is the best officer in all respects that the Army has in the colonieB. He succeeded in doing in New South Wales what the lastnamed gentleman has done bore. Some addresses follow by tbe Majors of Tasmania and New Zealand. These speeches tended to raise the enthusiasm to a greater pitch than ever. Major Wright, of Queensland, came next, and then there was more prayer and repetition of past proceedings, terminating at 1.40 a.m. for refreshments. The ohauge was remaikable. The agonised faces became cheerful, and there was chatting, laughing, joking, badinage—where a moment before had been groans and wails—while tea, biscuits, and cake were handed round by the officers. It was an agreeable interlude, as much for the ose spectator as for those who were taking part Thirty-five minutes were none too many, but punctually at a quarter past 2 a.m. the cups and saucers were on the floor, and the devotions went on as if they had never been interrupted! This was bewildering and astounding. Tea is not a remark able Btimulant to excitement, but nevertheless the enthusiasm grew hotter than ever. Some one called for Brother Somebody, and a stout, elderly man, whose appearance mirtit best be called Pickwickian, jumped to the table, flinging his coat from him, and delivered in his shirt sleeves a startling and painful address. There is no other name for it. The names of the Almighty, the Saviour, and the Holy Ghost were mixed op and associated by this speaker in a way that shocked; and if anything the speech was made more shocking by the laughter with which it was received and the sound of the chinking of money into the plates which were being handed round for a collection to defray the cost of the refreshments. He went on for some time, aud concluded by singing a hymn, interlarding it with another series of irreverent jokes, for they can be termed nothing eke. At twenty-five minutes to 3 o'clock matters culminated in a scene which beggars all description. It arGBe from a number of simultaneous prayers, and every moment the noise grew greater until the hall was filled with one sustained body of sound, which pained the ears excruciatingly. This is not exaggeration. The leader s seemed to lose their control. Every man and woman present, save the one spectator, was greatly excited. They jumped to their feet, danced, clapped their hands, hugged, kisBed, and embraced one another, and uttered in the moat thrilling tones exclamations it would be irreverent to repeat. Many threw themselves to the ground, but astonishing to say none of them were hurt, though the fall would have injured an ordinary being. Women shrieked and children cried, and BO it went on until at last Nature asserted herself, and this burst gradually subsided until there was sufficient quiet for the Commissioner to start a hymn, which as usual had a pacifying effect. Then Colonel Barker read a number of requests for prayers, and ordered the congregation to kneel and pray for themselves, instructions which were obeyed; and this brought tbe hour of 3 o'clock to hand. The next twenty-five minutes were spent is singing and listening to an address from the Rev. W. C. Bunning, and at twenty five minutes past 3 a.m. the Commissioner called on all who wanted " a full cleansing" to come down to the red-covered table and get it. There was a rush at once. Finally a number of officers who have been promoted were eworn in under a flag, to which they raised their right hands and took the oath; and thus at ten minutes past 5 o'clock terminated this extraordinary scene of religious enthusiasm. WELLS' HAIB BALSAM.—If grey, restores to original colour. An elegant dressing, softens and beautifieB. No oil nor grease. A tonic restorative. Stops hair coming out strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. 2zk eg- white's Certain Cure has been used and re commended by eminent Adelaide Physicians as a splendid remedy for Corns and Warts. Numbers bave been cured by it, and it invariably gives the greatest relief. Prepared only by J. White, Chemist, Kent Town. Price Is. 3d., of Chemists ana Store keepers; per Post, Is. Id. ISOmwfcvd 