SPORTING. ? ^ ? _ AN INTERESTING BOXING BOUT. A crowded audience assembled at Foley's Hall on Saturday evening, to witness P. Slaven, Cham pion of Queensland, attempt to knock out Martin Costello, of America, in six rounds. As Slayen and Costello mounted the platform they were greeted with applause. It is needless to go into the details of the six rounds fought, as the Queens lander never had a ghost of a show, from start to finish, of knocking his opponent out. The easy manner in which Costello got on to Slaven in the fourth and fifth rounda, notwithstanding that he could only use his left hand, proves that he possesses science, and he is a boxer of no mean order. There is not the least doubt but that Costello was right in claiming a foul at the close of the fifth round. Slaves lost his head several times, and ma,de viciourc blows that never reached home. During the whole fight his right hand appeared to be den,d to the world. He displayed scarcely any science, and his right hand swinging blow on Costello'a cranium was very foolish, for the American's head would knock up any man's hand. Both men fought gamely, and Paddy did hia hardest to accomplish an impossibility. There is no gainsaying it, Slaven is a strong and plucky antagonist, and one that would fight gamely to the last, but lacks science. Slaven having failed to knock the visitor out in six rounds, the Americans won their money. During the encounter the spectators were at times a littlo excited, but behaved themselves on the whole in a manner that reflected great credit on tho management of that show. Hut chens, the English sprinter, sailed for Eng land, from Adelaide, by tho mail steamer, last week. Chakles Mitchell, the well-known English boxer, Bailed from London for New York in March. TnE Now England Jockey Club have erco'ed a new grand stand on the Armidale racecourse with seating accommodation for 500 persona. The Adelaide ponies, Jo and Biddy, have beon matched for a half-mile race, to come off to-day, forjj c£50 aside, the former to carry 12st. 71b., and the latter lOot. 71b. The twelve months3 disqualification of the Vic torian horse King Billy, and his rider W. Lang ford, for suspicious running at the Yarrawonga sport on the 11th ultimo, wag confirmed by the V. E. C. committee. A trotting contest against time, for .£20, was decided on the Tea-tree course, Cooma, when Mr. J. C. Martin's bay horse essayed to put past the mile within 3 minutes 30 seconds, and accom plished his task with S seconds to spare. At the nettling of the Wilcannia races, Mr. T. Byrne took the lion's share of the prizes, amounting to -£243 and a bracelet, and Mr. T. O'Leary came nest with .£143, and the smaller aums helped to make up a total of -£G08. It is on record that John Arnull, an old- time English jockey, on one occasion when wasting, abstained from all food except an occasional apple for eight full days, and suffered no harm there by. George Perkins, the well-known English sculler, sailed for Sydney in the ic.M.S. Iberia. He will, en arrival, arrange a match with Neil Matfcerson, and possibly one or two other scullers may offer him races provided Matterson wins. The well-known Queensland jockey and trainer, Arthur Mackenzie, died at Eockhampton last week. His death, which was sudden and unex pected, resulted from injuries received while breaking in a young horse of Mr. Wilkinson of Eocklands. W. Beach has signed the articles sent along by Hanlan, and Mr. J. Thompson has placed the whole of the money for stakes and expenses (.£600) in the hands of the sporting editor of the Austral asian. There is much of the Philadelphia lawyer about the articles, and they are long enough to frighten one. The New South Wales Eowing association want funds with which to carry out the intercolonial eight-oar contest this year. The sum asked for, ,£300, is not a large sum for many hundreds of people to subscribe, and they can rely on a proper use of the money. Out- crew have a good chance of winning honours for the colony. A meeting of the committee of the Sydney Turf Club was held on Thursday, when the fol lowing resolution was passed : — ' That no person employed in a racing stable, or who trains race horses for payment, shall be allowed to ride as an amateur at the meetings of the Sydney Turf Club.' The long-expected attempt of the American trotting stallion Huon to break the 2 minutes 34a- seconds record on the Sydney Driving Park Club's track, Moore Park, was essayed last week, raid after two failures ho succeeded in lowering the mile performance by one second, though the successful trial was marred by a break, which detracted somewhat from the merits of his achievement. The N. S. W. Eowing Association is moving to obtain an alteration in the Marine Board regula tions as regards steamers following races on the Parrainabta Eiver or waters of the harbour. At present one boat is allowed, consequently a large steamor has to be used, and this in shallow, narrow waters is a great difficulty. Two steamers are asked for ; but why not ask for what is absolutely wanted ? An umpire's launch is the great want at all these race?. Hard on a Jockey. — Tomlin, the well-known jockey, has been treated to a three months' spell by the ctewards of the V. A. T. C. He had been engaged to ride Damocles in the Trial Handicap on Saturnay, but failed to put in an appearance, and the stewards of the club disqualified him for the term stated. In reference to the above, a cor respondent writes to the Auaus as follows : — 'Sir, —I was at the Flinders-street station at 25 minutes to 1 on Saturday last, and there was a rush to get tickets for the races. Among the crowd were Gray, Cracknell, and Tomlin (who was disqualified for not fulfilling his engagement to ride in the first race at Caulfield). Tomlin, being a little fellow, could not get his ticket, and when he did he was just in time to see the train moving out. He caught the train at 12.58, and he dressed in the train so as not to lose any more time, but we did not reach Caulfield till 1.32 (just after the race), and 1, for one, think his disquali fication was hard when he did hi3 best to meet his engagement.— Yours, &c;, J.CV 