DAIRY FACTOIRY rO UNANDEA1E1A. A MtE.TIaN of farmier's was held at the Council Cllamber, Uiundetrra, on Friday evening, for the purpluse of thiling stepa towards the estab )ishinent, of it dairy factory in that locality. 'Thero was a good atte?ndiauce, and the Malyor presided. ThlI chairiman said no effort would be spared oi his part towards making the mov'ement aue cussful. Should ia factory be establisheId, as he Ih(oped would be the case, he would aiid ull his iilk there. In his own experience lie had lost friom l0 to 60 pounds of butter in onc day in sulmter throuhll exceedingly bad weather. buch as that would beu voided by the factory system. Then again, not only was there less danger about dairy farminig on the factory plrin ciple than accordiiig to the old style, but it en abled farmora to kieep several more cows by having time to r'ow feed for them. A letter was road from Mlessra. Waugh and Josephlson, showilog that the cost of Iiachilnery, iilcljuding four separators, ne eight horse power enginoe, &c.;, would Is £8tt00, and that the total cost, coveri'ig Itildidgj and everything completoe, would he fromi £1300 to £.100. Mr.'', T. I. Lndsay then moved, and Mr. W. Coik secolded--" 'hat, seeing the great ad vantage there is to be derived from the factory system lby the use of eplarcatior ove'r the ordi nlu'y hand made process of butter makigil, this smeeting pledges its slipplo't to thie stablishinelnt of ia butter fuctory att Uandorra. IMr. John Lindsay sairlit might siglt stranto oil Ilia part to support the resolution, as lie did not in tuetd to supply milk to the liproposel) d file tory. A deal of baild butter was mlade il the district, however, and its factory butter was good it was desirable that factories should lie estab lishled wherever practicable. Tons and toils of butter itado ini the ordinary way by differont faiters wtl s was worth llore thall twipolnca lpeor pound, but if iall such was made bly the factory plrocess it would bhe of good quality and valuable accordingly. lavit threepence pe r lpounlld would lot pay farimers for butter. lJu order, there foru, to avoid the usalking of sn ituch bhad and ialuiist vialuless Iutter, factories should be started inii all parts of the district. And for that reason lie was glad to see (tioe about being established ait UlitalldoeTr. As, howeverl, lie had gone to it deal of trouble tiand )expense ill obtainiing lpure bred astck, lie did inot ttiitnk he would supply millk to the proposed factory, Butt there was io telling what he might do in time ; hIo mightl send half his milk, for illstaince, to the factory. The imotioni wits carried unanimously. Mrl, \Y, J, It. Jenkins imovedl-" 'That the Articles of Association of the Albion Park Fac tory be adopted its it basis for the Articles of Association of the proposed factory ; anid that a sub-commlittuo, cotsistinig of Mea'rs. C. J. OCullon. W'. J. I. Jnlkiits, and T. F, Lindsay, undertlake the plroearation of the Articles of Association on the proposed basiL." 1l'e took itmuchi ntevrest ill the dairy factory system, and lhad written tiI the subject itn the Illutwarei .h/e'rcuri Iits far back tas twe'lv or fiturteutn years ago, Forttutoly, hloweverc the matter of latot halld reached beyond the theoury stage in llta wit'rat, aIs there were fact'ories i(niw actually ill piuratiton tit the district. Not lolig since lie vi ited the Allbin Park Dairy Factory, allid AMr. Fraseil, thue mauiigelr there, very kindly Sholwed hlit ill the arritigeiumenlits of the etstiblishminllit,. T'lhat gIent:l.lema informeu d hli that the monthly r'thrnls of tho factory were Iiabout £1200, hliug ilit the rate of tiveice liper g:ilhiu f)r' the milk Iassidl tlihruglh the factory. As dairymenii, they i'would iuidci'csta?i d whit tthat rico pur galllul iiiiat. 'The tsot oif establish lie the Allbion Piartk Factiory was abouliit £2000, but as hie iuutierstood biy chanige ill prices oif certai iateriiitl required fior such lpurpos's It factory of ut(llI cllapacity courtld no'w te etali lislied for 11300 Or' £1100, all stiated tby Mera3!st. Wiiughl and Jopso n ipoii. There its also now all inllprovtllnlnt lt lit laral tors Illthat, increased t.hoei power to oplolralo nlt 900 gallons of milk pItr hliiu', inlstead i of 0(0 talulls as forimerly. iiiceo visitile the Allion Park Factorly lie htd cailled oil M?ossrs., WaiIgh ailid ,J1os8leph?lon it Siydnioy, and talked the intter olver with them, part of the result being thli sipplyiing by thlo.oe gelntleonll of thle oestimateo beforelt the Imeoetinlg. Hieo lso visited the C-opo.lrativo Agoecy CoiI lpany's now stores to aiscertaini for himself how seplartited or ordinallry ilade butter stitod in the iniirket, na to Lpopulaity alld prlic. Ieo than foundili that selptlattor Iutttur stoodl fai' albove theo ordilary iarticle, the dillt'lrence of price hlving rcached ts much its se8venpoclite lper pound in favoullr of the firntlur oevor tho latter. On) clter ilg the storo, Iluyors liakd at once fotr separ ilt(tr butter. The mlilllaigol' (lMr'. Porter) shwoed ilmn fLorty tons OIf lst sea)soni's ordirdary-iimtdo buttuor lying unsold in one of the aIpastlllOlltS of the estatblishiti?iit, whiile thoro wais noit caski of factory butter tithat was not bIougllt tilt at once lit to it prico. 'These faols spokle i filoulr oif the factory system much stronliger thliti ally illore h]liigliago that could bo used ill its fIavour. rl, Josph Buiirgess secondedlltl the nmotion, whlich wIaI carried unaiIntiiilOy, Mit', (I, M'Phail tlOved - liThat a sharelll list be prepared, aitdl tllit lhoatss.a, 2C. J, Cullun, W, J., IL. It 1 uJokiii , T. F. Lindsay, and W. Cook bo allppointed cainvlasscrs with a aviiew to obtlihi iig the iintius of illtelldilig share'holders," .I-I said lie wits i Is dillfficulty as to whether lie shoulltld attend thaIt miotiig ( ono11 for a like purpose tlhat. was being held it DaptIo the saitiiO evening, BIloth localities w'ere about eqital dis tances firom Iis fari, and unfort.uately fior himu, catlh wre tn li it awity fr hin titt vail hhistlf tif a faitry ttyitt ilthor'. 'I'hi thllUtidideIrra illoutintg bheing the it-t piicbily iiintiticed, howeoiuve' r, lire ittelided it, lid he wiealod it sue coas, as hle did thait nt Dlllpto, Fiico~tiries \rae requhired for iImniIy teasotis, ton beiig that thloreo was it it really ttitatlbs daiy hitildiig tilt thu whol of tlheo Souttlh COlllist. It \sits not Is fact, hovwest'r, thlts butter coulld Ilot he matido ill tlhe mirdinimity avity oIf ts gomod qiuility as hy the sepalatorttm' lIrc'ccss. T'le " Osiloau Age " butter cif Now c orv , for itisttuice, wshicel colmitumtimsded the hi ghost pllico ill thImut city, stas haml-tndaude. But if sehopritritor butter sbholld ontltiue to fateh its hligh ii pr1ico o'ovrI hald-lnad h bthtter ii this olotly its durhing thIeo lst two years, theore wits tio doubt thsit lthm suomllom' flomtoieos w'oro estclslishod all o"vr the coutitry the botter, Ont thintg iwas quite cortatit, that tmuhl mioro bluttor ai got out of the nillk by laopartorl litur t Iay hitd naklo, and thimit of itseaolf t'ius It iost iImIotit mliuatter. HoI hophud that m suitulhlo silt would lie s~hlctod for thie Ili'tlposod fiotitry it Uialldeo'rm.i A groat mia tuklo waus i\mlide ultikhu itt 1htKini iticid Albiuitn Pltrk Iy liit plahiug thIe fioutorios ther'o tin Hlhu)mOs, wher' all 'efmuse wtmuld rtunt righti away froiit th),muun my gia\iiltatin,. A imiosmt soilhus iisnteke wouhl, ho itide by not phlithig all futctorlos wtell up tiln hills or sloletlisi Aid it connliectihli wlth Overy fitomiry them'o should hoe stilk a weell of 50 oir (10 feut. frtitm wtlihih to ohtihii witur', whleh shmiuld muott ax(ood tit or 04 dtoegites. lii thi stbsoioeo if i'efigeritlnhitg ilalplimnticcs, ittoru oeliocially, it wais ieslinty tli' to hIIvu it dtuop wetIl in concuetioln with oveiy fitcttry, to sumih'y uhlts'r \viitu' Iuhli cht-nl miunnhlo nil theo itsrficeo or whhhii h iftm- f oeti dfwi', thimt theing thu grlatualt dulth toi which it waits ilndurstond iy tultthorittos oiI the smuhibjct tlihat thIe hulitt of thie sun uIOImuirateud hlowi is thliU suif'e tf tIhe houuthir. jil'0. ,tosih lmiumis sectonided thei muoitioi, which m iias ciumile tiiiiaihussly, its ilstt was thu fhlowhiiig, In'oluuid iH' Mi,, Jli. hfrtll,--" That thie 0lhmahimamu ~llou horulby tiluolisecd to cunveittul m mliltlettiig if itiloutidhig sh'itruUhlhorth'N oin tlme ti)lmi Ileutihit of I'rolhihiit ry i'iiY 'rrlI' geii iuntia mmcd tlhlt hio bu rolluastoil tt kIidtlly toL t ts ouiornruy slo ru!tuty rtt'ui luil."' YriItus ofi thllthks to thi 'huuuiirit)llli aniid thie lroaes, uiild rcllhims thiireoh, lemmcohihcdud lhme itr' cuolig, -A bihulgteil '.hot.jJIllutIha,'r' .hItI'cr,#, 