BANGOR. [ fbq k a oorrsifordent.] Monday, foe 12th inst., was a sort o f red-letter day for fois place. A sort o f Jubilee conoert was given in foe schoolroom, at which there was not standing room for a ll who desired admittance, and great enthusiasm was shown by e ll present in conneotion w ifo the event. The room was tastefully deoorated b y M r Hodgson with flags of all nations, and shields o f many devices, executed ia a superior manner by font gentleman* •Flowers "and evergreens appropriately placed, were on additional charm to fo e mterior o f the building. The door* were opened at 6.30, and in 10 minutes fo e place was filled- The first part o f the proceedings consisted of songs and recitations* by the pupils attending the State school conducted by M r and M rs Edward Stephens, ana were given in the following order :--6 eng aud chores, “ Motto for every m a n rec ita tio n , “ Lord M avmion," Master W illiam Jones; “ T h e W hite Squall/' Master David Aldred ; recitation, “ W reck of foe Orpheus," Master Btanlfcj Crowder; song. “ T h e litt le Fairy," Miss Sarah M ilu r; recitation, “ Persevere," M asterH.Richard- Bon; Bong, " Evening B ril," b y 13 children: recitation, “ M ay Queen," Miss Adeline Stephen*; song, 44 The L ittie Bird," M iss M . L o b b ; recitation, Ten­ nyson's “ Brook," by Master W illiam Giimshaw; song and chores, 44When Johnny comes marching home," 18 children ; recitation, 44Leap for life," Master A . Hodgson; song, 44The Better Laud/* by six girl*; 8 ong, “ Take me home," by all the children; recitation, 44Yam o f the Nancy B e ll," Master Charles Stephens; song, 44O ld King Cole," in character by *iz boy* 5 recitation, 44Good night and good morning/' M iss M . Grimsbftw; song, “ Rodinson Crusoe,” tho company; recitation, ''Meddlesome M attie," by Master D . A ldred: song, “ Hen Convention/’ b y 3 children ; character sketch, The Irish Schoolmaster," by M r Edward Stephens and his son Charles ; song, “ The Union Jock of Old England," by Masters Hodgson, Jones, Crowder, aud Grimshaw. There were many vociferous encores, which were only responded to by a graceful bow. Everything passed off with fo e greatest smoothness and regularity. The second port was presided over by J. D. R o‘>ertsoD, Esq., and opened with an Improm lu March by M.r T- H- Botworth (Professor o f Music, end pupil o f that eminent pianist Herr Kohler). This gem lemon happened to be 011 a virit to Bangor at the time, and very kindly consented to stay and play the' accompaniments on foe piano, which he did with exquisite masterly taste and effect, i hope his career as * teacher o f music and singing in Tasmania may be highly successful and no doubt it w ill as he beoomes known. A t present he is resident in Laonoeston, having but recently come to settle in Tasmania. This was followed by * lecture on 44 Woman'* Rights" by Professor Koownothing; then came a song, “ Forth to tho battle," magnificently rendered by the popular singer M r Vv. O. Jones; followed - by Mrs Caudle's lecture on 14 Buttons," by Mrs Stephens, which created a ripple of merry laughter. M r H. B. Jones then sang with great spirit and ability “ M y Jeonnie," which was followed by that ever acceptable duet “ W hat ore the wild waves saying,'' in which the voices of Mrs Hodgson and M r W m. Hughes wore heard to advantage. M r W . P. Parry then sanir with taste~a&d; effect “ Lady M in e.' The fact that the Welsh element largely prevails here is 4 sufficient guarantee that foe vocal music is w ell represented, The screaming farce “ Graadmofoer't Ghost” by Measr* HodgsQp, Pritchard, Baker, sen, and Baker, jun, concluded a most enjoyable evening. Th'ts afternoon, 18th, M rs J. D « Robertson distributed Jubilee medals ta foe children attending foe State school and fo e Sunday school. To foe former 43 medals, and to foe Utter, 31; total, 79\. A b most of foe State school children attend the 8uuday school it will be pleasing to rejiort uiat foe Sunday school has an attendsnoe o f 71. A fter the National Anthem, and cheers for foe Queen, M rs Roberlsonand sundry others, M r 6tephenB dismissed the orowd with a few cheerful remarks. Before the conclusion Mrs Hodgson and Mrs Stephen* -resented M r J. D. Robertson with a ubtiee medal. M r J. D, Robertson, the manager of the Bangor quarry, has kindly presented five handsome books an rewards for foe best scholars, which w ill be decided by the report of the Inspector o f 8cbools on his annual visit. Thiee official visits bave been paid to this school during the past throe month*, and on eaoh occasion greet satisfaction waa expressed a t . it* condition and. management. The non-seotamu services held on Sunday evenings are crowded, and on Sunday evening foe presence o f M r T . H . Boswbrth, who presided at foe organ, gave an additional interest to tbe service. I find foa t foe.New* is already opening the eyes of some here who have been fed with foe pap o f fo e Da{iy Telegraph. They are beginning to feel their need o f strong, wholesome political food presented in a manner to suit honest men and patriotio citizens. This need the Tbawwiaiaa N ew fu lly aaiUficg. September 13. Continued on/owlH pope. M ^H D rafofct u i d fee left Laaboesion i’t i s l s j t v ir ity r ith f i jr e i t dael'Of .tufAtion.AsliiB nffi wto new ly Srdr- £ 4 P f& erai4m r^ #nicb -.- improvements, and 110 cwuiflww they .oogat to be on those improver meats. charged the Government with favoring rural districts at the exwpnse of the towns. Applying this •feg^mapt, be instanced Mona Vale and jedfflcribr'a residence in Hobart, that roe former, under toil Bill, Vofld be fated on something like £2000 ‘bccaiiBe ' i t was rural; and beoanse the iAteSr .belonged to thfe town it would be ‘tMsd to the frill value bf over £16,000. Exemptions were made in the Bill In jngasi^to (ha business tax in oases where *u5 *business fin is e s exempted were doing‘more bujiiifess than those which: wonla be oallea upon to pay. Hon.' ixnunbers ought to .pause before they, raUempted>rtD put &<tax upon the commer. iu travellers. They were entitled • to the came consideration as dwellers • to e Ijblony. T he public sentiment was TftjtTefi^tedin the House. Mr. PiTZOKBAiiD esid that the verdict ^»£ toe people of the colony when the ^jwypons ofbqijui Members were changed: reflected the. smcunent ‘ of th e . colony, and the same verdict would hive been'j .wicmeatodinlOtimeaoutof 20. I t seemed . ip h ite itbat the hon. member for Cumberland should have stuck to . the text 3$ bis remarks to the effect that *t o J wtAild not offer any factious to the business of the House. They bad h id iteration after 'd g r^tip a, the substance of the arguments ' pad been plainly puV before them that they were not seeking an impossibility in jdwffing'-E lax. on unimproved capital , Value. iThe exemptions .were the features of the Bill tbat deserved consideration fit |ds of hon. members. I t was hat the desire was to assist small He considered th at the operation of th e Bill would bare the effect bf ^benefiting the towns generally. He could . flfwdetotand the hostile criticism s of the Melbourne Press, because for the past TO years Victoria had been making a ftttifitout of Tasmania without paying for th a t pfofit. I t was asked what had the ■JpedBito 6f Tasmania done to deserve •‘bucn treatm ent as the Government H e had to say tbat they had nothing, only that they had allowed to remain in power a Ministry to which toe whole o f this taxation scheme was wholly and entirely due. They bad had four or five discussions now upon the Government scheme, in which the same arguments were used and replied to, and there were also several divisions all with toe. '-same result, and he thought toon. .•^members should now face the Bill in committee, bo th at it could be sent up •^ tth erln its present, or in an amended, form to another place. Messrs L the, Sidxbottoic, and Mackenzie spoke in opposition to the Bill. \- M r Lxtte supported the Absentee T ax, but otherwise opposed the Bill, bolding tb a t an unfair advantage was given to the country over the to»ns.— M r Scott opposed theBill.&nd; said that deducting the aged poor ana infirm, and taking toe effective population. Tasmania was taxed a t a heavier cate per head than •toe other colonies, fie would vote for the amendment. M r B u tto n again .deprecated the cry t>£ ^towW kfersus country. H e did not, ' jutogetlier iike the Bill, and reserved the M M 'to criticise some of the clanics deavors.to pass such a measure as would 3&vAfdr; its Object toe beat interests of ‘H fo' Town bind country people. The difficulty Ministers was enhanced by . Hie opposition of two old campaigners. aBut lre trusted all 'would give Ministers T i.' v-i ■* i t -____ /■»___ e ^enefit'of their experience. One of u is grand arguments of the Bill was th a t-it would get a t owners who profited by the growth of the expenditure •of the colony. B e challenged the statem ent that this House w&i; not in accordance with the people. There had been many criticisms, but when the Bill ^ai^'^cplkined to the people they apurbVtd, end from his own intercourse ito'seveiAl gentlemen he thought he might well say that the people were in accord w ith toe Bill- (Hear, hear). People did not like to be taxed, and then! people, after being lulled to sleep for many years, were awakened by a knock*, ing at tbeir door for increased taxation,, It *vas,-toezfefore, Only natural that those1 Minfetert wfeo proposed taxation should m eet with a ’certain amount of odium; \- 'proceeding to criticise the provisions o f; ! the BUI *4n detail, he opposed the com- -mSraal travellers' tax, as he considered i ta d v e r tis e m e n t to the world of .impecnnipBity. He did not agree with !phe teble of exemptions. He contended "jhat it would be wise to take the money, .from those people who were now to.be . .exempted under £60. Many of the small farm ers worked ilieir iarms with little expense, and with more profit than large; farmers, • ’ were io a position to pay' .tlrinr ah& taxation. U r B oston did not approve of the whole B ill,ibit would vote for it going into OommiUee, that toe several clauses m ight be fieaU withi—M r H amilton thought that the illustrations of toe hon. member for Gresey were unanswerable; b u t he was sorry that he had not produced illustrations concerning the holders of small properties in the southern p art of the island, which could -easily have been done. R ;fem n^ to what had been said concerning articles whioh had appeared in papers on toe Other side, be said it was well known th a t even The Times, toe thunderer, hkd been " got at." Every man had his price. (Laughter.) M r B rahm s replying to the members tof _ G ta> reh j~ M d W est Hobart, who. b a d charged non. members on that side of toe House with delaying the work, paid the discussion which had taken jp)*oe would really bave the effect of time. They had been io ld .tc .w ajt the J i l l came down and then they would have “an criticising the proposals. H e contended th a t Ministers had not been in accord i. jrjto the statements that had been' made by toe®. Hon. members had f right to; demand an explanation of this obanf ■ffotitl The interpretation clause o t ___ EillWMTiot. is accord with the slate* 'toentyttiadehy-M ujisters to the ijcrast L8fiidt the^publie. He contended that; \------ - w«, fie would draw .attention’ jto the fact that sotrfe SOTWeft who webs going to vote for taunt be 'doing so witb<mt W m rrtu d u ig wh»t the e&ot; ■.-lieDtua.-tte ot YoaiB.ot th e anatihot be.liEaoght neder eohAd^i. f!Che B n u s x s , J o u « e b it dBehfledv in inaking » . atatement ol ^h^t.;Jan3.1 - H e-proceeded, io give ^M Q M far h u w marlr. He t o d eicep. tietterachnmi. ■ I t #»i thSHntTtif the Jig ilV loUWO toibriag 4oao; a ici ~ i 4°d rD a ildr - • net toe m ~r M dssn Niohi ~ tt, Kfirivoll, Bide* Booto McRenric, Daries.;; Pain—F or: .Meair* andRawJceti'f against: Messrs LeffiUt «. >.'ii; .I;.? ::• ,v ,...:„ a The P ill teas Wad a second tfoie, and it was derided to go into committee tin tiiB Bill on Friday. . • The House, at 10.62, adjourned till 4 o'clock next day.____________ . 