THEATRE ROYAL. -' ? Jlamkl was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night to a fair audience, and the manner of its presentation mot i ted a crowded house. Mr. Holloway his adopted the version in use at the Lyceum Theatre in' London, and whatever may be the opinion of scholars as to whether that version gives the proper interpretation of the great drama- tist's ideal when he wrote the tragedy, there is no doubt that it preserves the con- tinuity of the story tended to be told, and loads up by simple" gradations to the- denouement. This, the sublimest creation of Shakespeare's genius, has given rise to more speculation on the part of commentators as to whether Shakeaneirc intended it to be a mystic poem simply, or whether he intended the central figure to be a real living man, than any other of his works, and accordingly a critic takes one view or the other, his opinions as to the merits of the presentment of the Prince will be formed. If ! be admitted that Shakespeare intended Lavalette be a living man, then it becomes meet point whether he was intended to be a man one, with so much method in his mates that he proposed to eliminate insanity cloak his real design upon the King of Denmark, or whether his mad ravings were the outcome of a deep laid plot, elaborated by a lane, deep thinking, intellectual ran, with such an intimate acquaintance nth mental philosophy that he could counterfeit madness so cleverly that none can detect the im- posture. Mr. Hollownpresonted a living Hamlet, a veritable city, a prince of strong passions, quick exceptions, matured mind, and thorough fealty to his dead father's memory, a youthful, fervent, cynical, vigilant being These are, however, attributes' insurable from the part. They are its leading characteristics, and any actor who attempts to present them, others must misconstrue the intention of the par author. In the first act, where he went with the King and Queen, he was mood pensive, and out of humour, and his delivery of the famous soliloquy was particuMy fine. After his interview with the gilt, his deep purpose and his madnuBH wireless cleverly simulated the introduction of several bits of " business" and his aious, gestures, and intonations were most stirred. In the third act, in his interview with the Queen, where he holds up the turn to nature, and answers cluding with riding, his vehemence was so great and the ' utterance 80 rapid that his cremation became in- a distinct in fulling web is not of ton I noticeable in Mr. Holley, who, if he erred at all or rather in the other direction, and I dwells too long on his vowels.. The paroxysm of passion by which he is possessed is, however, so strong, that a lapse is quite ex- disable, and any measured or careful utter- ance would have been an unpardonable error. In fact all through he gave evidence of careful rehearsal and deep study of the part, and as a consequence was eminently Kiteccsifiil. Miss Jenyns' Ophelia was also very well conceived, and her dutiful deference to her father Polonius when he bids her beware of Hamlet's' blandishments was a study in itself So was her madness after her father's death, The vacant look, the changeful mood, the snatches of song, and the pretty, grace with which she presented the flowers, to Laertes and the King aiidQ'ico), were really painful to witness. Mr. H. Hodson, as Polonius, Mr. R Stewart as Licences Messrs, Greenaway and McKenzie as the Curcier and Guildenstern, Mr. Alfred Rolfe as Horatio, all gave faithful inter-, profitions of the text. Mr. A, Norman as Claudius, King of Denmark, and Miss Nita Steele as Gertrude, the Queen, were very well cast the latter especially. In the scene, where she hides her son, and he in return, holds up the mirror to nature, there was a depth in her acting which proclaimed her fitness for the role, and she produced a sensation when Hamlet stabs, Polonius through the arrest. Mr. Charles Holloway in the double capacity of Ghost and First Gravedigger, created a good impression. His dry sayings in the latter character were delivered with a naivete which proclaimed that he had mastered his pan. A word must be said about the mounting of the tragedy. The scenic effects' added a great deal to the efforts of the performers, and were responsible for a good deal of the success achieved. Thy ghost scene, which of all others requires! ours to produce the peculiar weird effect, was a thorough success. The ghost appeared an almost ethereal body as he moved slowly across the stage, armed cap a pie. In the inner row with Hamlet it appeared encircled with a halo of light just sufficiently brilliant to render him visible, was admirably contrived and as the stage was in almost total darkness-, theefTect was most ghastly, especially when accompanied by the measured accents of the voice. For an intelligent rendering of the great tragedy the performance of Saturday night was enough to satisfy all but the most captious critic, and it speaks well for the capabilities of the company. Hamlet will be repeated to-night for the, last time, and to- morrow The Wages of Sin will be reproduced, ' I ------- 