Sn PORTFOLIO.: j2':IJ i \\\'Tsu?TI'E? ' :Th1 `Holy' Spirit.' is giren to Christians for a still better and Iigher purpoAd ihan to enalble ttiem to do miracles. That was needed for the first preaching of Chiistianity- but- itii not heeded now. ---And yet the HolySpirit is Is muclrdneededtnoir as :theni'; and St. peter, on te day of Petecost, ejdtto th poRpeeReent; and bie baptlsde, -ery onei of you, in the.name of Jesus Christ, for the remission' of sins, and ye shall ri ceive the gift of. the Holy Ghosto Fr: ihe promise is unto yodu, and to your chil diii an?nd'fii allthat are afar oitf even as, imany as the di cd our God shll. call. Sb' the'prbiiiisebof tlie Holy Ghost, the Comforter, is to uo as much as to them. And tile bestg?niý ht!,est?worlr of the Spirit is ton:anctify ,or make lidly. We a he need ii itig:holy' We idc neted the Holy Ghost-to sanetify .us;iAnd it is bet ter to be holy, and to love God and man, tihtin to do'the igiFetest nmiriicles i*forCi t Paul says, "Thoegh?? Tapsiek twith the' tongues of" hedi and of angels, and' have hot charity" (that is love), " I am become ts aounding %hrsai, or a'tinkling symbal:" "- And thfoIug.h.k ave -lUifaiti.tsa that I could removaett?6itstain, ha?l$ thrve not charity, Lano uiotling." 'And', riembembr, it is the Holy-Spirit' alone -that can shed abroad in,:'onrhlearts eeithler:isvesr any other good thing. ." But have not all been made'Cbrist's in Laptisi :('Has Bibtl His Holy Spirit beenl given to all theno Yes; bautthis:is :a very differetit think. It is a very different, thigo to trii' 'betii given to Christ and made His in Baptisin; arnid o be His stio. It ii ver iliffeiretit thing to have had the HKlSpir't:,given to us, asoie ofh those gifts and l'ri?ileges, whichlare made ours (or coinanted to us) in Christ, addtil??-?-?edj ?" ihat Spirit i,ic- e mTay firfeiOGbdr'gif WV ti;ay refuse His mercies.: We " 'hc y " i ueinch" His Spirit. Yes; for lthlugih Christ' is "the Vine," andvre are ',thei branches," -thoughi we hare been: oice groafted into thath leaied linaer-this will no more p;ra. fit us nief; if;ie arr' not ':ibidiffj'in it; if we are not living and friit=bearing branches, drwing:li(e;~andstrength froni the root and ste?ii than it~aill profit' the dead branch we'pgit on thes 'fire to hive' once grown on th? hices '-i1slo oyofllefd ford. r y 