TO THE EDITOR. Sir—As your correspondent, "Fred. Wood-<*> bury." has called in question my statement re the Yanyarie spirit—not ghost—I beg leave to say a few words in reply. There is no doubt there are come who are "easily galled," but at the sane time I venture to say that a number of those who have visited the hannted hut are equally as clever aa " Fred. Wood bury," and I fail to see tint he has shown "that the performances of that ghost are quite natural." Kb one that I have heard of except Mr. Sbegog has seen the ghosts " bands and feet," and his statement it not borne out by any others of the t>nmb^w that were there on that night, and is flatly contra dicted by the orcrmieni of the hot If Mr. Shegogtelt the hands and feet why did he not nuke it known at the time and not leave with out saying anything to any eae. It never ?m the "spirit of a shepherd," nor did I say bo. I raid a shepherd was drowned near there some Fears ago. If "Fred. Wbodbnry" will read tny last report correctly he wQI find that when I was there "the lm?n*infr was kept up while both lamp and fire were bnnrng, and that the fire was burning all the time." There is ??*J?mff "absurd" about that. As to the " youngsters*and the "strings," it is in keeping with the rest of the letter. Other people have a* good eyes as " Fred. Woodbury', baa; pethape are no more superstitions than he is, and are very anxious to find cot the mystery. All who have wited the hut from this direction are of opinion that the children had n^tliitg whatever to do with the knocking. Mslv as big sceptic* as "Fred Wood buy" have been there ard crane away tbt-roughly convinced that it is some thing most unnatural, and not performed by any human agency. The ghost, while I was there, was ccrrect in all its information, which is mote than "F.W." ii. No doubt *' F.W." is a vtry clever person in his own little tray; but he ought to go and eee for him self** I did, and I am confident that he will wiiteina very different strain when he gets back. It will pnzzie htm to find "stria**," "feet," ftr. The spirit has followed the girl to bw nncle'a at Rlackrocfr, where "F. W." can bear it whenever he takes the tronble to go ti ere—if he is not too ranch of a coward to de so.—l am, &c;_ CRADOCK OORKESPOKDEXT. The Ohio Penitentiary, which ooet the state S2IC.QOO ayeartmder Democratic management, has become self-sustaining tinder Republican artmi^ifMratvyn Gran Valley is said to be the most religious town in the United States. There ate pro portionally more observers of the Sabbath there than in any town anywhere else. A miser named McQueen has died at Col lirgwood, Victoria, worth about £10.000. The money and scrip to that amount was found in his room secreted amnngvt rags and filth. The naval review in honor of her Majesty's Jubilee, to be held on July 83, will not be a mere pageant, bat ia to be representative of tfce naval power of the United Kiwgilmn, "So you are 13 yean old, axe you, Jenny?" "Yes; and I now realise that it is an unlucky number. It's too old for dolls, and pa says it is not old enough far gentlemen's society.? Collision between the "Syne and Myrmidon <Bquited into; tetalt—Captain Hoskyn, of the latter, forfeits one year's seniority as com mander and severely reprimanded. The Prince of Wales has aent a portrait of hmiself to the Boston Aneieat aad Honorable AttiUary Company, of which he was elected an honorary member whan he was ia *""?"Cft in ISfiO. During the year ending September SO, 1836, there were earned on toe street railways of Kew York city 826,427,015 passengers. This is by far the greatest passenger traffic of any city in the world, although New York is not the largest city. An Indian chief, who was visiting Washing ton at Government '"yn'w, was introduced to a senator recently who had a very bald head. The chief looked at him some moments with great interest Finally he said, " Ugh! where you fight Injun sometime?" A very interesting collection of New Zealand native birds has been got together at Dunedin for export to Germany, to the order of certain zoological societies in that* country. The col lection comprises ten kiwis, three young k&kapos;, one kea, and two kakas. A man purchased two old pictures from a sfcondhand furniture dealer in Nashville, Tennenee, recently, for J. dollar each. After cleaning them he discovered they were famous pietores by Vernet. He sold them for 14,000 dollars to a collector, who sent them to Paris. A study of pension statistics mores the Washington Post to assure its female readers tbat the most healthy business there is to be a soldier's widow. There are now on the peosioa roll of the war of 1813 only 2,945 surviving pensioners, while there are 17,213 soldiers widows. The Legislature of Connecticut has jott passed* law which forbids the running of rail road trains through that state on the Sabbath between the hours of 10 ajn. and 3 p.m., and which, under certain specified conditions, per mits the running of trains both before aad after these hours. la two of the Boston theatres the ladies no longer wear their bonnets doling the perfor mances. The great reform is going right for ward, but for the benefit of whom it may con cern it may be stated that a good many girls, who are presumably bald-headed, still persist in keeping their hats on. It is probable tbat the Order of the Garter will be conferred upon the Miicado of Japan. The Chrysanthemum, with which the Prince of Wales wa? invested, is the highest Japanese order, and tanks with oar Garter, with the Black Eagle of Prussia, the Golden Fleece of Spain, tfeeSt Stephen of Hungary, and the St. Andiew of Russia. Buseiaii? have an immense variety of pickles, among which one finds many sorts of mush room, one of a bright searlet color being sptcutUy noticeable. Their bon-bons are delicious; they have crystallised fruits (among wbich tbe berries of tbe mountain ash farm & pleating novelty), and their "smokra," delicattly colored and perfumed little tablets of fruit jelly, are said to be most entioing. 