SEPARATION V. RAILWAYS. The tocsin of Separation has been sounded more or less loudly from the far- reaching western plains beyond Inverell, the rich mineral and agricultural districts between the Cathedral City and the border town- ship of Wallangarra, the low-lying, fat, and fertile vales of the Clarence, the magnificent hills and valleys along the coastal line froth the Macleay to the Clarence Heads, the immense pastoral plains and prolific agricultural areas of the Richmond, and from the neglected native opulence of the semi-tropical lands stretching in their wild luxuriance to the base of the M'Pherson Range, and it is perhaps as well to calmly weigh and consider whether 'tis better to submit to "The laws delay, The insolence of office, and the spurns That patient merit of the unworthy takes," and to "Bear those ills we have, Than fly to others that we know not of." It is a momentous question, and one that certainly cannot be discussed within the limits of a newspaper article : still there is something the journalist can do, and that is to prepare men's minds for what may be a coming struggle, and perhaps salvation, by placing well accredited facts and reliable data before his readers so that they may "read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest" them at their leisure. We have received from the Grafton Committee, appointed for the purupose collecting such facts, a paper entitled "Arguments in support of the Clarence system of authorised railways, and we may say, in passing, that had the com- mittee exhibited a little more modesty with regard to the titular portion of their "arguments," it would have shed more lustre upon the really good work they have effected and possibly have caused them to be received with more cordiality generally. However, the sin, if it be such, is only a venial one. The population (as shown in the arguments) of the districts interested in the construction of the authorised lines is verging on 70,000 souls, the area under cultivation being 90,000 acres, which last year yielded the following products, viz:— maize, 1,200,000 bushels ; wheat, 249,147 bushels ; sugar cane, 4,669,065 cwt ; potatoes, 3200 tons; tobacco, 1100 cwt ; hay, 11,000 tons, besides other products in extensive quantities and varieties. The quantity of sugar ex- pressed appears to be about 19,000 tons, the juice further yielding 662,201 gallons of molasses. It is also claimed that nearly two-thirds of the tin raised in the colony is the product of these districts, and that the present stock within their borders consists of 33,000 horses, 279,000 cattle, 653,000 sheep, and about 14,000 pigs. A section of the report which is of particular interest to the residents of the more northern rivers is that relating to the timber wealth and trade of the coastal districts ; and it is computed that a sum of £7200 per annum would, be the return from this source between Casino and Grafton alone, and that the additional advantage of rail freight would be as much as Is 9d per 100 feet, a very considerable item indeed when it is estimated, that the present re- quirements of the Clarence equal 720,000 feet per month. The land question is a very important one, and should form a main factor in the financial success pf the line. The committee estimate that within 20 miles on either side of the proposed Grafton-Tweed line (exclusive of towns) at the end of 1885 there were 386,157 acres alienated, .and 5,598,078 acres unalienated j the whole of which would be taken up if there was a probability of an early construction of the line, and would yield a return sufficient to cover the cost of it's construction. The latter "argument" is, of course, exceedingly problematical, but yet there is a strong flavour of probability about it, if the powers that be could be taught to believe so. It is urged as an argument in favor of the financial basis of the proposed line that at the end of 1885 the credit balance in the Government Savings Banks was £42,549 ; that money orders were issued for £53,427 and the income from telegrams amounted to £6520. This brings us to the end of the statistical "arguments," and to the corollary ones of expediency or otherwise, or the reason why or why not the Grafton-Tweed line of railways should be constructed, and this is really the debatable ground upon which the struggle between disintegration and centralisation will have to be fought out; and the committee, after dealing with the very material facts of the advisability of connecting these districts with the main northern line, the opening up of large tracts of land for profitable settlement, the development of mining and timber industries, and the interchange of pro- ducts, deals the great Champion of Centralisation and avowed opponent to any expenditure that would at all militate against the beautification of the city by St. Leonards, a terrible facer by quoting the following (we presume after-dinner) utterance of the then and present Premier of the colony, in the year 1872. Respect- ing the construction of one of these lines he said "We have consulted the officers, who are the proper persons to advise us, and we learn from them that we may fairly expect to have the railway opened from the Clarence to the most convenient point of the tableland of New England in two and a half years." He also said, "The best plan for securing advantages in the northern part of our colony and the southern part of Queensland is to connect the Clarence River with the tableland of New England," thus inferentially ad- vocating the construction of a line from southern Queensland to the Clarence. How the Premier intends to explain this away in the face of his avowed antagonism of later years we know not, but of one thing we do feel certain, the morale of the thing won't trouble him in the slightest, his only fear will be that the ghost of fifteen, years ago may not be easily laid, and may say with Poe's raven "Never-nevermore," until Sir Henry takes a prominent part in the rehearsal of the new play of the Cremation Bill later on. One argument made use of by the constructors of these "ar- guments" is one of vast importance in considering the question of the con- struction of northern lines of railway, irrespective of whether we are considering that of Separation or not, and is we think the one on which the whole question hinges, and that is, it is in the majority of cases dealt with not on Us merits, but "from a purely Sydney standpoint," i.e., whether it would benefit Sydney or otherwise ; and, by a parity of reasoning, this same argument becomes again a very potent one in favor of "Separation and the formation of a new colony. With regard to the question of Separa- tion, there is a great deal to be said on both sides, at the same time the Govern- ment should feel shame that its injustice has awakened such a cry, but respecting the construction of a line of railway from the Clarence to the southern border of Queensland, there cannot be an opinion held by anyone who is not thoroughly qualified for Gladesville or Callan Park, in opposition to its con- struction at the earliest possible date. CORAKI HURLING CLUB. — We are pleased to be able to state, through the courtesy of Mr. E. M. D. Spring, that the Lismore hurlers have de- cided to pay us a visit on Queen's Birthday to try conclusions with our local team, and a capital contest may he anticipated. It behoves our local men, however, to practice continuously up to that date, if they wish to come off the victors, and even then they must play all they know, if the prowess of the Lismore team is what it is said to be. EXCURSIONS TO THE SEASIDE — We note by advertisement that the fast and favourtie steamer "Irvington" will run a trip to Ballina and back on Sunday next, the fare for which will be the almost nominal sum of 3s ; and if suffi- cient inducement offers, the proprietary will probably run the same trip once a month. It will be a splendid opportunity for those desir- ous of having a "sniff of the briny" after being cooped up all the week, and as it is announce that children will be taken at half fare, that arrangements will he made with families, that there is good accommodation for ladies, and that refreshments are obtainable on board, there should be a good muster at the initiatory trip on Sunday next. INSOLVENCY MEETINGS. — A first meeting in the insolvent estate of C. S. Jarrett of Ballina, will be held in Sydney on the 13th instant (to-day), and a second meeting at Ballina, on the 20th instant. A first and only meeting in the insolvent estate of William Southon, of North Woodburn, farmer, will be held at the Court-house, Lismore on Wednesday the 8th June. CASINO RELIEF FUND.— The Tatham Far mer's Union has passed the following resolution, — "That this Union condemns the action of the trustees of the Flood Relief fund granted by the Government for the relief of flooded out farmers for using £160 of the above fund for road work in the Municipality of Casino." We entirely agree with the spirit of the resolution, more especially when, as we have reason to know, the fund is looked upon in Sydney and elsewhere and debited as a Richmond River fund, whereas Casino and its immediate environs have absorbed the lot. From what we can hear the distribution has been carried out in a disgracefully lax manner, and a very large quantity of the produce sent up for seed allowed to rot on the banks of the river and elsewhere for want of care. GRAFTON-TWEED RAILWAY. — We acknow- ledge the receipt of a pamphlet entitled "Arguments in favor of the Clarence system of Authorised Railways" drawn up and pub- lished by the committee appointed to prepare statistics in connection therewith for presenta- tion to Parliament, and which is more folly referred to in our leader to-day. INSOLVENT.— James Pater Field Walker, of Lismore, printer. Liabilities; £1138 17s 6d, assets, £1223 0s 11d. Mr. A. Morris, Official Assignee. RICH GOLD SPECIMENS. — We, Glen Innes EXAMINER, have received from Mr. James Rod- gers, of Beardy, some rich specimens of gold, bearing quartz from his sons' claim on the newly-opened-up reefs on - Curruldooral run. Mann River, about 70 miles east of Glen Innes and north of Newtown Boyd road. The local- ity is within half a mile of the surveyed line of railway between Grafton and Glen Innes. There are several gold-bearing reefs at the place, and a shaft has been sunk by Taylor and son on one of them to a depth of 70 feet, but the specimens under notice were taken from the cap of a reef about 7 feet wide, which has not as yet been sunk upon. Judg- ing from the appearance of the stone we should say the lukcy holders have a valuable property, and we can congratulate them upon their good fortune. Some years ago heavy deposits of alluvial gold were got in the neighbourhood, but in those days the attention was not given to reefing that obtains at present. The forma- tion of the reef country, as described, is of schistose or slaty character. We understand there are already 40 claims marked out, and indications point to the extreme probability of this becoming a large and remunerative field for the investment of capital. PROPOSED NEW TITLE FOR THE QUEEN.— The Premier on Saturday morning received the following cablegram from the Secretary of State for the Colonies : — "It has been sug- gested that in future the Quetn's title should be 'Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the colonies and de pendencies thereof, and Empress of India.' Imperial Conference unanimously approved of the proposal. Her Majesty's Government desires opinion of your Government as to this extension of the rival title." We understand that Sir Henry Parkes has communicated with the other colonial Governments on the subject. CASINO SHOW. — We remind intending ex- hibitors at the above show, to be hold on 24th, 25th, and 26th May, that entries close on Thursday next, 19th instant. IRVINGTON PUBLIC SCHOOL RESIDENCE. — This elegant and convenient building has just been erected by Mr. D. Quain, of Coraki, and is irrefutable evidence of the fact that the Gov- ernment need not go to other places or districts for builders of Government edifices of any kind. The building in question is built of hardwood weather boards, with corrugated iron roof, and has a frontage of 28 feet by a depth of 85 feet, and contains two sitting rooms two bed rooms, kitchen, and pantry, and the usual out houses. The chimnoy is a particular feature in the construction of the building, three fire plaoes - being so placed that the smoke from the flues of each finds the one means of exit through the single shift into which they are all built. The idea appears to be a good one and not only capable of more completely ventilating the building than by two or three separate shafts, but must, we should think, be more economical. The school residence ground is enclosed with a substantial two rail and paling fence, and the whole of the work reflects the highest credit on the con- tractor. Mr. D. Quain was, we believe, a tenderer for the Coraki Court-house, and had he been successful there is no doubt that we should 'ere now have been able to see some- thing of it; as it is not a sod has been turned, and it behoves the Government to keep the successful tenderers to the terms of their con- tract as regards time as well as other matters. It seems a strange thing that the price for the Court-house has never been divulged, nor the time inside which it was to be completed — the former of which it has hitherto been the practice to publish. QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY.— We learn that an ex- cursion will leave Lismore for Coraki on the 24th, on the occasion of the sports arranged for by the Coraki Hurling Club, and the Club match between the two teams, and with these attractions and that of a ball at the School of Arts afterwards we may anticipate a large influx of visitors. A SINGULAR MARTIME LETTER BOX. — As an instance of the many apparently strange ways by which the news of maritime disasters reach the shore, the following, found in a bottle in the stomach of a ling fish, is worthy of rela- tion ; — "The following is, says the ILLUS- TRATED LONDON NEWS of March 19, 1887, "transcribed from a page of a small pocket book, found on Saturday morning (March 12), in a pint bottle, cut from the stomach of a ling landed from the trawler Sybil, of Lowes- toft, at Aberdeen : — "The schooner Anna, of Bangor, in, a sinking state. My men has given up all hopes abandoned. Writing this dear wife, if this should reach shore know what 'as become of your darling Willie. God bless you.' On the reverse side of the paper is the following : — ' January 24, 1886. Dreadful storm, both masts gone, ship waterlogged. Good bye dear wife for ever. From your loving husband Wm. Jenson.' The notes were written in pencil.'" A STARTLING STATEMENT. — A gentleman who travelled on the Intercolonial line from Syd- ney to Melbourne some weeks ago tells of an interesting incident he saw on the journey. He was in the carriage with a number of other passengers. Somewhere between Wodonga and Melbourne one gentleman said to another — "What are you doing now?" "Oh," he answered, "I am gold-digging." "Not you." said the questioner. "Yes," he said, "I am. I have been digging these 9 months." "Where ?" enquired his sceptical friend. "At Lambing Flat,' was the reply. "Oh, not you ; Lambing Flat has been deserted these 20 years." "Yes I know," persisted he, "but I have been digging there." "Are you getting any thing ?" "I'll show you," said he, and opening his portmanteau, he brought out a chamois-leather bag. "There, feel that," he said, and all the gentlemen in the carriage felt it, and there must have been 6 or 6 lb. weight in it. "I came down to Melbourne a fortnight ago," he continued, "with a similar quantity." He then went on to say that he had always thought that there was a second bottom to the field, although the miners could never get down to it on account of the water. As he had little to do he thought he would return and go deeper, and the result they had seen. This strange statement would show that after being deserted for two decades there is still a great mine of wealth in this once great gold field. 