XOTES FOR TO DAY. Ifinginedrivers' examination. Rochester Police Court. Football match—Sandhurst r. Bendigo. Herr Gollmick'a concert. Lecture, Rev. J. Garlick, School of Mines. South Riding Marong Board of Advice. Eaglehawk Uun Club, Sydney Flat, 1.30 p.m. Death of a Noted Conjurer.—One of the most popular personages of Vienna society, nay, of the whole world, the prcstidiyttaicur Professor Hermauu, has just died at Carlsbad, writes the Vienna correspondent of the London Dnily Tele graph, His marvellous performances had acquired for him an extraordinary fame, and lie was a* well known At Paris and fsTew York as at Vienna. In 1873 he lost his fortune of nearly 2,000,000 florins, through speculations on the Bourse. He then set forth on a series of long tours through France, Russia, Austria, and America, and in a few years had recovered the amount of his loss. He was, undoubtedly, the most clever of all his professional colleagues. He had performed before all the iwtentates of Euroi>e, and Czar Alex ander II. was never in such good spirits as when Hermann produced his sleight-of-hand tricks before him. ^ The most remarkable items of his inex haustible programme-were his tricks with cards. In Portugal he performed the following trick before l)om Fernando. He handed the King a loaded six-barrelled revolver, and requested llis Majesty to fire at him. The King did so, and and Herman caught tive bullets in succession with his hand. The sixth missed its aim, and struck a large looking plans, which it starred with innumer able cracks. Then Hermann himself tired at the glass, which at once became whole and faultless again. "You are the devil in person,' exclaimed the King. 44 So I am," replied Hermann, "but a poor devil." The latter assertion was not quite the truth. Hermann died a millionaire. In* Searching fok a Ghost Discovering a Murder.—Human bones were found by the police near Penrith whilst searching for a reported ghost. It appears that a foul deed lias been com mitted (says the 2'cleffraph), and that the guilty one first attempted to bury his victim, but, not having proper tools, he tried cremation. A hole, started fur the grave, was found near the remains, and close to the spot where the vision was reported to havu been suen. Mining Accident at Taradale.—Mr. Tangye, the mining manager of the New Golden fiato G.M. Co., fell down the-shaft on Monday (says : the Ryneton Observer). Considerable anxiety is felt by Mr. Tangrye's friends in regard to the nature of the injuries he has sustained, but we are flad to be able to report that they are not serious. rorn later, thougn imperfect information, we learn that Mr. Tangye was engaged in doing some work in the shaft, when the clutch-gear slipped, and ho was precipitated to the bottom of the shaft, a distance of 100 feet. Mr. Tangye was taken to his residence at Malmsburv, and though he is confined to his bed, we are glad to know that he will probably soon be able to resume the active management of the mine. A Brutal Husband.—John Golding, a gardener by trade, was charged at the Prahran Court on Monday (says the Telegraph), with unlawfully as- saulting his wife Kate, under unusually cruel cir- cumstances. He came home about a quarter to nine on the night of the 11th instant, and because she had not made some trifling purchases during the day according to his liking, he threw a brass candlestick at her, which struck her on the hand. On her resenting this treatment, he caught up a tomahawk, and threw it at the unfortunate woman, who was rendered insensible by a blow on the forehead, and had to be taken to the Alfred Hospital. Dr. Molloy, resident-surgeon at the hospital, stated in evidence that the wound was a dangerous one. As the woman was alleged to have been slightly under the influence of drink, the Bench let Golding off with six months im- prisonment. h»uibiDK bf Shooting,—The dead body of a man whose name is supposed to be J. Hoally, was found on Monday morning about 8 o'clock 6y Mounted constable Asliton in a cutting near the water re serve at Essendou. Deceased, when found, was lying on his back, and in his right hand firmly clutched was a British bull dog revolver, three chambers of which were still loaded, and on© bore evidence of having been recently discharged. The body when examined showed a bullet wound just above the right tar,' wliich was probably the cause of death. On his person a tin box containing seven cartridges, corresponding with those in the revolver were found, as well as a bottle containing brandy, and also an agreement from Mrs. Reilly s registry office, from which it is judged that deceased's name was Heally. He was seen on Saturday in com pany with three others^ apparently new chums, all more or less under the influence of drink. ; Dreadful Sufferings at Sea.—A terrible ex perience at sea was reported by the crew of the s.s. Vancouver, which arrived m the Mersey from Canada on 11th of June. The men, states the Pali Mall Budget, were found at sea in a small boat by the barque Kate Maguire, and landed at North Sydney, Cape Breton. The Richard Lester was n large fishing boat, and the men left in a small dory to visit their trawls. There was a fog prevailing, but they had a compass in their boat. The compass, however, whs found to bq wrong," and they could neither reach' their trawls iiqp tty'ir ve;si>]." T^vq days' wero'sjient,' in '» fruitless search for their vessel, and then' the poor fellows gave up hope of finding her, considering their only chance of rescue lay inueing pioked up by a pass ing vessel. They sighted several vessels, but could not attract the attention of those on board. The men's sufferings were terrible, and on the fifth day, having had neither food nor water since they left their vessel, their condition was fearful. One of the men suggested that the other cut hii arm off, so that their thirst might be quenched by the blood. This offer was not, fortunately ac cepted; and on the sixth day the men had made up their minds to lie down in their boat to die. J ust then a vessel hove in sight, and the men ap peared for the moment to be renewed with strength as they pulled towards the vessel. They were seen and rescued, but their last efforts nearly cost them their lives. As it was they had to be carried on board the rescuing vessel limbs being terribly swollen by Ui*> tsxjjoWe "rind the exertion. " ' ' ' .... 