Chapter XLIII.—'Let Me be Ycbb Servant.' Valentine Belfield did not go to the Great Weaiern Hotel after ha left the house in Iiiison Grove. He was tso deeply agitated to go quietly back to his hotel and eat a good supper and drink a bottle of wine and go to bod and rest. He knew that sleep was impossible, unless he ooold bring it about by aheer fatigue, as he bad done when ho walked from the Abbe; to Bldtiardand had slept the sleep ot exbauston in the bottom of the little sailiog boat. His only ohanoe to-night was to walk down the devil of restlessness that was in him ; so be tnrned his face north ward and walked to Hampstead, and then struck off towards Finohley and Hendon, and roamed about among fields and lanes all night, and at seven o'clook, breakfasted at a little public-house by the aide of a canal, somewhere between Finchley road and Obild’e Hill. It was a house chiefly affected by bargemen, and nobody took any particular notice of him, the barmaid merely remarking that in all probability be was a swell who had been on the drink last night, and bad been walking about to sober himself. He j wee sober enough this morning evidently, and was proof sgsiust all the barmaid’s blandish, menis, though the had taken the trouble to take her hair out ol papers before she carried him hie breakfast of eggs and bacon and ■trong lea. He had eaten nothing yesterday except the dainty little plate of bread and batter supplied by Hedge, and be was faint and ■iok from the onaoooitomed fast. He fell asleep by Ibe fire in the public, house parlour, slept through the entrances and exists of several relaya of bargemen, slept amidst the odonr ot beer and the jingle of pewter potr, dozed on till the afternoon, and then paid hi6 score and went away. He made his way across tbs fields to the Edgware road and thence to Llsson Grove, where he went into a alopseller’e shop and bought a compute aoit of sooh clothes as are worn by the lower order of working men —an Oxford shirt, oordoroy trousers, fustian jacket, and hob-nailed boots. He ohangeo bis olotbei on the premises, and re appeared in Liseon Grove in eorduroy and faitian, leaving his own things to be kept till called for. The shopman wondered not a little at this tran sformation. ‘ It’s a Ink, sir, I suppose?’ he said. * Yet, it’s a lark,’ answered Hr. Belfield, as be walked out of the shop, ‘Well, I must say that I never laid eyes on a less larky-looking gent to be np to snoh a move as that,’ said the young Israelite, to bis fellow shopman, as he put Mr. Belfield’s eiotbea away. * There's a lady at the bottom of it, I make no doubt, Benjamin,’ replied the other, die mining the subject, whiob remark was more aoenrate than speculative observations are wont to be. It was dock when Mr. Belfield rang the bell at the Folorn Hope. Madge opened the doer and did not recognise him, as he stood feeing her silently, with his back to the light ‘ What do yon want, my good man ?’ * I want to be yonr servant, as I told yon last night.’ * Mr. Belfield, why are yon still hanging abont here 7’ cried Madge, in an agonieed tone. * This is sheer madness.’ * I believe it is next door to madness,’ answered Valentine, following her into the parlour, * bnl it is madness that only yon can ears. There’s no use in my going abroad, Madge, without yon. I should only carry my guilty conscience and my misery with me, go where I might—Africs, Asia, the North Pole—it would be all the same to me. Thera is no place so strange, no life so wild and fall of danger, excitement, oocspa tion, that would make me forget, so long as I wtie alone. Yon have tba power to com fort me. Yon have the power to lay the ghost that hannts me. Yon alone can tell me that I have repented and have expiated my sin. Yon have the faith that moves moontains, and by yonr faith I rosy be saved. Leave me to myself and I shall perish inevitably. Thera .la no help, no core, bnl through yon.’ ‘ Yon ara mad,’ aha said. * Yes, itis all madness. I have a good work to do hers, and I cannot leave it.’ * Let me etay here then, and work for yon. That is whit 1 have come for—to be your drudge, yourslave ; to be what Caliban was 1 to Proepero. I am dressed for the part, you see. Yon will find how handy l oan make myself, eltanlng windows and (crabbing 1 flagstones, doing work that yon and tba . listen sannot do, with all your willingness I to toil. And in bad saaes, whan a patient i iranta watching at night, I oan do my part > is a waleh-dog. Yon don’t know what I < mo be under joar iraoeformiog power. Madge, I have no friend in the world-taut ' You fiava your mother, a nearer and dearer friena.’ * No. To my mother my life haa been a lie. She only ii my friend who knowe my ■in and my repentance. Let me etay bare, Madge, and when I leave the oonntry go with me aa my guardian angel and my wife. Teat the truth of my repentanee, if yoo will, before yon trust me. See how ohaDged a creature I Lave become. How all that ii vileat in my natnre haa been purged onl of it by the horror of my fee ret ein. Teat me to the uttermoat ae your aervaut, before you accept me aa yoar husband.’ Madge began to waver. He who waa plaadiog to ber knew not how urgently her own t-rart waa pleading for him, bow fondly abe leved him even in hie degradation, etainad with the ebedding of blood. * 1 believe it wocld be for your own ■atety to leave England inetantly,' the aaid. ' There ie no knowing when danger may arise, bat if von are bent upon slaying in tbia boot® ana helping ne in oar work, I will talk to the titters and see what can Jbe done. Oar fortnightly committee meeting will be held to-morrow afternoon, and moat of the elite re will be here. If they consent to you being employed here—ae a servant —l have no objection. There is a little room on this floor at the end of the peerage, which you might have as a bedroom. It ia small and rather dark, but ids dry and. well ventilated.’ * Give ma any deri, ahy eeU,’ said Vilen tjae. r‘Do you think I care how I am lodged. I waht to be near .yon, Madge.' I want to feel the support of your presence. Tost ie all 1 ask.' ' Yon muet not call me Madge here. I am Sitter Margaret.’ ‘ Yon shall be Sitter Margaret, nnlil yon are wife Margaret. 'And now order me about, let ms begin my slavery. Give me any work then ia to be done.’ * I don’t think there ii anything yon can do to-nigbt, but yon ahall elean all the window! to-morrow, if yon like. Our windowe have alxraya been an affliction to me. We have done our beet, bat women arc ' not good ae wlndow-olcanera. To-night yon can take a holiday, bat on falara evenings wo can give yon aome pen manship to do for ua—letters to charitable people who help os. What mail we oall yoo, by-tbe-bye? You have a second Christian name, I think.’ * Yee. I waa ahriatened John Valentine, hat I was always flailed by the aecond name, beoauae my mother prelerred it.’ ' Then here we will call yon John.’ She began to prepare the tea, ae ebe had done on tne previous evening, and two of the ■iitera came in to fetch the traya for their patients. One wae an elderly woman, the other a girl of two-and-twenty, a pale, gentle looking creatore, with a wistfal expression ia ber large, bine eyes. Madge introduced Valentine to them a a Mr. John, a person who in the outride world had been a gentleman, but who had offered himself to tnem ae a eervant. ‘ 11 »H the sisters approve, I think we may keep him here and find him very naeful,' ebo aaid. ‘ In the meantime ha will etay here for to-night, aQd he oan help yoo noth in oarrying round the coBl-acotllee after lea.’ Sister Agoee, the fair girl, eat down to lea with Madge and Valentine. She had a slightly nerrons manner, aod spoke rarely, but Valentine was interested in her ap peirance, and inquired ber history by-ana bye, when the had gono back to her duties on the upper floor, ‘ Her’* ia a >ad story. She belongs to very riob people, and three years ago her life wae a round of gaiety. She fell in love with an army doctor, and ber family were all opposed to the match, and made her break off her engagement. He went to Egypt and was killed in ihe Sondao. She beard at ni< death unexpectedly from her partner at a dance, and for six months after wards she was oat of ber zniDd. When she recovered, nothing would indaos her to relume her old life of flue clothes and parties, nothing would iuduoe ber to bear of another lover. She devotes ber Ilfs to obaritable work, and all the money her father gives ber ia given to the poor. He is very lioeral to ber, although he disapproves ot her way of life. She spends only one day of every week in this house, bat she works for ns oat of doors, going about the atreeta at night, and talking to wretched women whom few girls of her age would have the courage to approach. That fragile-looking woman haa penetrated the darkest alleys about Clare Market, the most dangerous streets in I Ratcliff Highway, where even the police go at the risk of their lives. She haa never suffered any harm, has hardly ever been in* ■ulted by a ooarea word. She has done more good than any other member of our sister hood, although all have worked well,’ ‘She can lake your place when you have gone to the other eido of the world, Madge.’ Madge ebook ber head with a awett. serious look, full of tenderness. * I aball never leave my work, Mr. Bslfield. I have given myeelf to it as mueh as if I had taken a vow. I am very sorry for yoo. I would do much to befriend you or to be of use to you, bat I have put my hand to the plough, and 1 shall Dever take it away.’ Valentine got up and began to paee the room, fuming. * It is madnete,’ he exclaimed; 1 a woman's eraze. Only a woman would ever think of each a thing. Are there not hospitals for eisk women !' * There are hospitals for disease, bnl there are no hospitals for toe weak and ailing; there ate very lew rafogea for fainting sinners. There are plenty of orphanages for the spotless children, but there are few havens for the girls lost in the dawn of girlhood. Christ loved the ionooent ohtldren, and called them to his knees ; bat he had inexhaustible pity for the fallen women.* ’So be it. You have set the ball rolling. Yc^ have begna the work. Others oan Garry 'I will not leave it to others.’ ‘Yoo oan cominae your good work in the Antipodes. Yon will find tin in the new world ae well ae in the old. Thero ie no colony so recently founded that Satan has not helped to people it. Come, Madge, be reasonable. Three years ago yon spurned me bseause I dared to approach yon aa a seducer. Yon did well, and I deserved your contempt. Now I come to you in all honour; I offer yon all I have to give—my name, my life, my fortnne, each ae it is. I am to inherit all my mother’s property, and I shall not be a poor man. 1 come to yea with a blemished life, stained with one boor of darker! ein. Rot I am not altogether vile. I have repented that fatal honr in the long agony of months. I shall repent it all my life. Only you can make that life tolerable ; only yon oan heal my wonnds. Be my wife, Madge; lake me with all my Etna.’ She held ont her hand to him aabeetopped in hie paring to and fro, and they remained for eoma momenta ailent, with- clasped hands, he looking down at her, hie evee kindling aa he looked; the very pale and her lipa slightly tremuloas. ' Yoa love me, Madge,’ he said breath lesely;' you oan forget all for my take.' * I am very sorry for you,' ebe answered softly, ‘but I have done with individual love. I have given my heart and life to my sorrowing eiatere.' ‘ I* >» a oraze, Madge ; I say again it ia ' You have not seen the good done—yon have not eeen the altered faoea. There are women now in happy honest homes whom we have picked np ont of the gntter. If yon were to eee one young wife I know of, with her hnibend end her baby, yon would not believe there had ever been a stain i on her life. He took her, knowing ' whet her past hid been, end ho 1 hat eherithed ber as a pearl of 1 priee. These are nra cates; bnl they are ! bright epote which sheer ne and help ne on* ward through many a dark night.' * Well, yon are resolute, I eoppere, Yon ! will go on helping .etaangere, and yon will , abandon me to my fate.’. j ‘Ido aot abandon yon, I-will do any thing in my power to help yon, short of 1 ■aeriflring duty for your cake. I think yon ‘ are very UnwiM to loiter-here when you 1 ought to be getting far away from England, losing your identity in a strangs world. Your wife'* relationa will not be aatisfied tor ever without certain knowledge of her fate. An investigation may be let on toot at aoy moment, and the troth may be brought to light. Too aboold be oat ot the way before that oan happen.' 11 tell yon I do nut valne my life unless yon will abare it. I would ralber atay here and olean windows, than riot in luxury at the Antipodes.’ Madge answered nothing. She left the bopelesiness ot the situation. He had ohoaen to eome there, and she had not denied him shelter. She had taken upon herself in some wise the reaponaibility of his exiatence, aince sbe bad spoken of him to the Sisters; and now sbe felt that bia preaenoe there would be a eonatant aonrea of anxiety and mental disturbance. Sbe wonld have to be per petually on her guard, for ever denying a love which was the atrongest passion of her life. It bad been in her devpair at resigning him that sbe had gone upon her mission to her mother. All that she had done for others had been the on-shoot of her despair ing love for him. And now he oflered him self to her In honour, and she refesed him. ' If I give way to bis fanoy, he will forget ail the past, aod his repentance will become a monkery,’ she said to bsrself, 11 cannot stand in the place of his dead wife. I oannol profit by hii crime. How coaid I ever be at peace, remembering that It was murder that eet him free to be my hnaband ?' (to bb cosTurrao ) 