"WHICH I WISH TO REMARK " [BT "Tqon-O&BBIB; "1 " And my language it plain." The officials of the Insolvency Court would probably dedsre (if put to the torture) that the Deffell you know ia a precious sight better than th ^ deuce of a MacFarlane whom you don't. I note that Rough an Sat* is bravely holding its own as the Champion Suicider's Friend. When itB unrestricted nee bas fetched up the local suicide statistics to a high old average, the authorities will probably wake up to the idea of the propriety of taking steps to regulate its sale. A Muir Whisky Trophy! Faugh! ! Why on earth did the Hs'nlan-Beach committee accept such an offer BB Muir'sf It's bad enough to mix up our athletic sports with heavy money stakes, without converting them (as is now so often done) into advertising mec'ia for a traffic associated with a large total of human misery and degradation. Youey was right down to the ground. The proposed ball would have been worse than a mistake in view of the present local distress. There would have been far more loyalty displayed by the Qaeen's Fund-resses had they applied the sum they loc&Uy; raised to the mitigation of the sufferings of Her Majesty's destitute lieges in this district. There is something of the comical even in that stupendous mass of dry reading the Beport of the Drink Commission. Where the funny element cornea in is in the nature of many of the questions put to witnesses as to mattcrB with which there was not the ghost of a reason to suppose they had the slightest expert acquaintance. There is no accounting for tastes. For my own part I consider Rookwood at least as good a " monniker " for a town or district as Balmoral. I presume the NecropolitanB deemed the inevitable association of ideaB between Bookwood and Dick Turpin to be demoralising; whilst those betwixt Balmoral and Royalty they thought would be—well, balmoraluing ! Henniker Heaton is to be banquetted on the 10th pros, (not on the 3rdprox. aB originally proposed). He well deserves the honor. I b; no means like his politics; but, for all that, can recognise in the man not a few great qualities. What a pity it is that his is not the controlling influence at the Noose office 2 Were U the dominating power there, Sydney would have a live evening paper, yon bet. It has been suggested to tbe Minister for Justice (says the Herald) that the pile of buildings hitherto known as the Immigration Barracks, comprising the temporary law courts and the offices of the Supreme Court, the coroner's office, and the office of the Examiner of Patents,|etc., should be designated Chancerysquare. Surely no name could be more inappropriate, seeing that Chancery matters are notoriously never on the square, but, contrariwise, are invariably hopelessly implicated in tbe mazy whirls of circumventive, circumlocutory circumvolution!! Fronti nulla fidesis a Latin saw which freely rendered into the vulgar tongue may be taken to mean All it not shirt thafs dicky. More closely interpreted, it means, Don't truil the human phiz divine. It is evidently the trade motto of B and L, who, in advertising in the Herald for a treasurer put their need in thiB way :—" WANTED, voang MAN, good appearance, as Treasurer: salary £175 per annum; cash security, £25." That "cash security £25 " as the sequitur of " young man; good appearance" is (about as practical an illustration of the above alluded to saw as ever I saw. ONE of the most philosophical writers of this day and generation has declared that a man's happiness consists infinitely more in admiration of the facilities of others than in confidence in his' own. Reverent admiration he calls the perfect human gift in man, all lower animals being happy and noble in the degree they can share it. " A dog reverences you; a flydoes not: the capacity of partly understanding a creature above bim IB the dog's nobility." Rethinks the nnbappiest of men must be the Colonial legislator. Half of our political troubles—ay! more than half—wise from the melancholy fact that cur- in-the-mangerism has been reduced to an exact science, and that not one of our would-be political leaders can see good in anything that is not directly resultant from himself. Trials with electrical tram motors have been exceedingly successful during the last few days both in England and in New Zealand. In the United States the business of manufacturing electric motors is intensely active, though ss a commercial development it is practically the growth of one year. The following facts and figares re electric motors I cull from the 'Frisco Call:— "One company is building motors fcr 4000- bone power and has more orders ahead than it can fill for months. Another company, which is making smaller sizes of motors, has built 2500 since last November. The tendency now is toward using tbe larger sieeB, np to 25-horee power. The Detroit Daily Tribune i» regularly printed by electric-motor power, and motors may be found in many other newspaper offices. Hundreds are now running ^ freight and paBsanger elevators. A motor in Detroit is driving the machinery of a knitting-mill that employs 200 hands. Motors in all parts of the country are used on dental lathes, cream - freezers, fans, ventilators, sewing-machines, drills, polishing-machines and laundry apparatus, and in a Western town a motor pumped water from an artesian well 600 test deep. In Pennsylvania two motors are employed ia filling and washing beer bottles. At a livery stable a motto is in successful ase carrying and brushing horses, where it also runs an elevator, pumps water and furnishes light." OK Sunday, an ordination service was held at St. Andrew's Cathedral. The candidates were Cecil John King, M.A., curate at Holy Trinity Church, Sydney; Copeland King, 11.A., curate at Ctastle Hill {sons of the Venerable Archdeaeon King); and Edward Hargrove, curate at Macdonaldtown. The service was commenoed with the anthem, "O give thanks" (GOBS), which was followed by a sermon preached by Archdeacon King, from Hebrews v., 4, "And no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron." The o&ndidatee; vne afterwards presented by the Venerable Archdeaoon Gunther, examining chaplain, ana the. charge was ihm given. to them by tie Bishop of Sydney, who subsequently ordained them. 