Before the Curtain. : 31B. SAXST Mau& has evidently determined to conclude his very brilliant and successful season at the Gaiety- Theatre, with an iclat equivalent to that with which it was inaugurated, and which has since invariably marked its career. He seems to have kept one of the finest plays in hm repertoire as a bonne Louche to the last, and consequently will leave us with our heartiest applause still ringing in his ears to cncourage him in his future undertakings. "'The Cynic " is a play of masterly conception and ratsterly treatment, and Mr. Saint Maur reprencats the leading character 60 admirably, that one is almost led to believe that author and actor liad conspired together to design a part peculiarly fitted to the powers of its intended interpreter. Anyway the acting is of the highest class, and by his performance of Jim the Penman and Count Lestrangc, even if he had done nothing else, Mr. Saint Maur occupios a position in the forefront of his pro fession. Like that of James Balaton, the re presentation of the crafty dvnical count, is absolutely without a flaw, complete in the i minutest details, and worked up with the most finished and artistic care. Mrs. Willoughby, who, we are sorry to learn, has been extremely ill during the week, so much so indeed that on one occasion the curtain had to be run down pre maturely during the performance of "East Lynne," and that on Wednesday her place in "The Cynic "had to be taken by Miss Fold, has played Daisy Brent with exquisite grace, pathos, and feeling, and that in spite of manifest . sufferings. The piny was admirably placed upon the staire and cast so that the clever little com pany Mr. Saint Maur has associated with him were all, and Mr. and Mrs. Palmer and Mr. Harris conspicuously, seen to great advantage. The season, which has now extended over 10 weeks, beiug the longest and best on record, concludes this evening, when " Jim the Pen man" will be finally produced on the occasion of Mr. Saint Maur's benefit Last night a similar .compliment was to be accorded to Mrs. Willoughby, "Lady Clare" being the piece selected as the programme. . Wb learn that prioi to the commencement of the Minnie Palmer season at the Gaiety Theatre that popular house will be closed for a few days to allow of some extensive and . important alterations, additions, and improve ments, including the building of a new dress circle, being effected. Messrs. Lingard and Smith are evidently the proper people to whom to entrust the fortunes of this pretty little theatre, anfl we wish them continued success. THE changes in the programme at the Theatre Royal have been frequent, and if they have done ttnthmpf else have sufficed to demonstrate incontestably the versatility of the company now appearing there. "Nell Gwynne" "La FOle ae Madame Angut," "Les Cl'ehr-s de Corneville," and "The Bohemian Girl" within a week is pretty good work. And the * work has been good in other respects as well. The cirtgnng- has been in all cases commendable, and in Signor Verdi's exceptionally excellent, the acting better than the average, and both orchestra and choruses have discharged their functions to the satisfaction of the large audi encea the various entertainments have attracted. The season is announced to terminate next week, " Carmen" being in all probability pro duced on Monday evening. ABBASGBXESTS have been completed for Mr. Pain's pyrotechnic displays to take place in Brisbane on the 2nd, 4th, and 7th May, and something unusually good may be expected, as the exhibitions will be similar on all points to those which hare delighted Melbourne and i Sydney. Fbyeb'S circus and menagerie and the Japa nese "Village were to commence a brief season at the Exhibition Building last (Friday) evening, continuing their interesting shows every after noon and evening afterwards. THE new production of the Musical Union will'be Haydn's "Creation," the rehearsal of which will commence next Thursday. THE concert arranged to help the fund being collected to assist in giving that phenomenal little pianist, Hiss Elsie Hall, the best musical training obtainable in Europe, takes place in *the Prot^-ant Hill on Monday night. Mrs. Gilbert Wilson will contribute to the pro gramme on this occasion. MESSES. MALTBY and AGEJTOX were per forming at Townsville and Charters Towers at latest dates. MATTHEWS'S circus has reached Mackay, and appears to hare done good business. THE Wilkinson Dramatic Company is an nounced to give performances at Rockhamp ton during the show week in June. THE Harding Opera Troupe has reached Townsville after their northern tour, and were to perform there for a week. It is stated the company proceed shortly to England, via America. THE Hayman and Cowan Dramatic Com pany appear to have passed through Warwick and Toowooinba. THE Mackay Musical Union is rehcrtrwmc Parmer's Mass, and the opera of " Chilpcric " is to be their next venture. STDSET.-" Rigoletto," " Norma," and " D Barbiere" have been the productions of the Royal Italian Opera company during the week. At the Criterion Mrs. Carrie Swain con tinues her prosperous career in " The Miner"a Daughter." "Life in th(? Coal Pits," naid to have been written by the late Charles lleade, is the latest sensation un^rthed by Mr. Dam pier, and it is. to bo produced at the Royal Standard this evening. Mr. Grattan Rigge, at the Opera House, has been playing "Peep o' Day" during the week, but Falconer's old drama will give way thin evening to a new play entitled, "First Class," by F. A. Scudamore. TheCogiU minstrels, at the Gaiety, and the 2iew Federals, at the Academy, appear to have met with considerable favour. Once again it is rumoured that the "Jersey Lily," Mrs. Lang* try, iatcoda vifiting Sydney at an early date. | y MELDOUXIXE.-There aro few changes to be | noted in tho theatrical world of Melbourne. 1 " The Bun of Luck " is enjoying a run of luck lit the Royal, but tho last nights of " Harbour Lights " are iannounccd at the Princcss. This evening an old favourite, John Gourlay, SUJJ plants Miss Minnie Palmer at the Bijou, the comedian producing an absurdity entitled " Skipped by the Light of tho Moon." After a three-weeks season "TJIQ Pickpoc3:et" will make* way at the Opera House for a revival of "The Shaugh raun" to-night. In Boucicault's great drama young Mr. Dion Boucicault is to appear in his father's part of Conn, and Mr. Kobert Brough will play Harvey Duff. " East L}Tine" has been produced by Mr. H. C. Sydney and Miss Alice Norton at tho Alexandra; and Cottier's and Clarke's minstrels, and Mr. Locke Richardson's Shakspearian recitals are among the more popular of the remaining entertain ments. Next Saturday a complimentary testi monial benefit is to be tendered by the musical profession of Melbourne, at the Town Hall, to the Jomn sisters. There was a sensation at tho Bijou Theatre on Thursday night, April 7. The back drop scene caught fire shortly after the curtain rose, and gradually burst into flame. A few people in the dress circle made for the door, but the great majority present remained perfectly still, evidently feeling sure that the danger of a general conflagration would be : averted by those behind tho scenes, who were using vigorous efforts for extinguishing the flames. When they were nearly out the cur tain dropped, and Mr. R. A. Roberts t ame to the front and assured the audience that there was now no danger. After a few minutes had elapsed the curtain rose and tho play was re sumed, amidst much cheering. The remark able presence of mind of tho audience in retain ing their seats without displaying any alarm was most commendable, and there con be no doubt tliis prevented a stampede, aud as a con sequence a serious calamity. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. - Arrangements for producing tho popular comic opera "JLes Cloches de Comeville or he Chimes of Normandy," have been completed by Messrs. Fanner and Xmray, late of Stanley's Opera Company. The opera was to bo given at Fremantio and Perth on the 5th and Gth of April respectively. The production of that well-known and favourite opera, "H.M.S. Pinafore," at St. George's Hall, Perth, on the 13th and 14th of April, and at the Oddfellows' Hall, Fremantle, on the following evening (says the Inquirer) promises to be a triple grand succ JSS. The whole entertainment will be under the direction of Mr. G. F. Solas. TjL®aLL:nA.-Says the Launcesifcn Examiner: From the manager we learn tlKt there is every probability of the Saint Maur Comedy com pany visiting T:ismania. The troupe are now in Brisbane, where they have enjoyed a suc cessful season, tkcfcrcpertuire including Sydney Grundy's new comedy "The Silver Shield," "Lady Clare," "Jim, the Penman," &c.; Mrs. Willoughby is leading lady, and Mr. Harry Saint Maur first uctor. The company will visit Tasmania prior to leaving Australia for India. NEW ZEALAND.-The Royal Comic Opera company are continuing their* career of success at Christ church with " The Mikado." As Mr. Sraythe ingenuously says in his advertisement, "The oftener people see it the more they like it" The company gave an oratorio performance on the evening of Good Friday. The Lynch Family of Bellringers arrive in Auckland from Sydney on the 24th or 25th by the Zealaudia. They will play short seasons at all the principal New Zealand towns, and then work their way back to Auckland.. They are next bound for Europe. MRS. BAXCEOFT is said to contemplate re- I tnrning to the stage. I MO?.E than 200,000'copies of the various translations of Goethe's "Faust" have been sold since Mr. Irving produced Mr. "Wills* s version in the Lyceum. Mn. WILSON BiimETT says ho is always very nervous when he goes on the stage, and per spires until he can hear the sweat-drops from his face patter on the floor like rain. Mn. PiKEno's new comedy, " Dandy Dick," has proved an immense attraction in the Lon don Court Theatre, and bids fair to keep London laughing for many months to come. MB HENEY JONES'S "HardHit," recently produced with great success in the London Haymarkct, is a play made up of old materials, very cleverly constructed, and extremely well acted. GOETHE'S "Faust" has been recently adarted for the Italian stage by Signor Enrica Pan zacchi. The well-known actress Signora Dtt6c-Checci is going to play tho part of Gretchen. Tnr. earliest known drama written in America for tho stage-Roza Taylor's "Con trast"-has been reprinted as the first Volume of the Dunlop Society, whose headquarters is in New York. Mn. HAKE, Mr. Kendall's partner in the St. James's Theatre, woa not included in tho "command," which fact a London paper pathetically recorded as likely to cause much regret in the dramatic world. BABTLEY CAMPBELL, the American dramatist, hab been suffering for some timeipast from brain disease, and has been confined in a lunatic asylum. Ilis case, though a very serious one, is not considered altogether hopeless. Axonres copy-and this time a fine tall one -of the extremely rare fir*fc folio of Shakes peare (lG2o) has been recently olF'-red for sale in London, and priced at about £375. It hna the portrait by Droeshout, tnd is bound by Bedford. '. DAVID GABRICK" reached its 50th perform ance at the Criterion on January 22, the piece being played to two crowded houses.' Handsomo programmes, containing a portrait and fac simile letter of Garrick, were distributed amongst the audience as a souvenir on the occa ilon, _ \ " TIIE Dramatic Yearof 1SS6" is tfiqtitiojof a player's pocket-book which.;.was announced to bo published by Messrs. Maxwell.. It "was to be iUustratcd ^ath ecloiired portraits,.Jinirl to contain engravings of, important scenes and characters. . > NEWS from Milan brings tidings of tho bank ruptcy of tlio Scala managers. The . im mediate cause is said to have beou owing to tlio repeated postponements of the "Otcllo " pro duction. wlii-ih stifled all interest in any wurks put on to fill up time. L\\- the course of Mr, Compton'a season of old comedy in the Strand Theatre, London. " The Clandestine Marriago" of Colman and Garrick will be revived, and Mr. Farren will appear for tho first time in London in his father s great part of Lord Ogleby. Ma. GROSSJOTH, the comedian par excellencc of tho Gilbert and Sullivan operas, has been suffering from a sharp attack of illness. Hiin drods of telegrams from all sorts of people, in cluding royal dukes, have showered upon the house of tlio popular actor. Ma. G. R. Sras cleared last year over £15.000 a9 his rights in "Hurbour Lights" at tho Adelphi. Mr. Hawtreo, it is said, cleared over £50,000 by tho "Private Secretary and Mr. Pinero, who litis generally ouo or two pieces running at the same time, has, they say, the income of a banker or a brewer. WILSON1 BARRETT does not intend to renew his lease of tho Princess's, »vhicli theatre will accordingly bo taken from May next by Miss Grace Hawthorne, the present lessee of the Olympic. She will begin her riow season with Sardou's "Theodora," of which she r has se cured tlio English rights.;' . 7 { ;* i.-. TUB series of Mstorical plays'' witK prefat ory ; lectures, in the Goldoni Theatre,' Venice, began , with JTachiavelirs " Mandragora." It is said ! that some ladies were, present; but they ap peared "in domino," as several papers hud threatened to print the name of any lady who attended the theatre. AT Philadelphia the rush of "high-toned people" to see Miss Fortesque was so great that tho orchestra lmd to bo converted into stalls, and tho baud took refuge on the stage. The "middle-toned" and "low-toned" people fol lowed the lead of the "high-toned" people,and also crammed the house. THE comic p:istoral play, entitled " The Professor's "Wooing," was lately announced for production for the first time in London. This is the piece which in Australia has been simply known to us as "The Professor," and in representing the hero of which the late Fred Marshall was so successful. MARY MOORE, now Mr. Wyndham's leading young lady and a very charming actress, is the wife of James Aberry, author of "Two Roses," and other popular pieces. He is a hopeless in valid, and has saved nothing; therefore, his wife had to take to the stage in order to sup port him and their children. L. BARRETT and E. Booth are making prepa rations for a two years' tour iu the States, from Maine to California, during which they will p'oduce a number of standard plays. Booth will play Brut is to Barrett's Cassius, Iago to his Othello, Hamlet to his Ghost, Lear to his Edgar, Macbeth to hjs Macduff. Miss FA^I* LESLIE, the directress of a comedy company which has succeeded the Crompton Company in the Strand Theatre, is described as a wonderfully nimble dancer; a vocalist who can accompany her sympathetically sung " Head over Heels" with a " Catherine wheel" as neatly as the most active city Arab could accomplish. MR. Nncio ha? made arrangements to publish next season two works of great interest to students of the stage. One is a bibliography of theatrical literature, upon which Mr. Robert W. Lowe has been engaged for some years. It aims at giving a complete catalogue, with historical notes, of books- and pamphlets on dramatic matters published in Great Britain. Plays are excluded, unless when accompanied by prefaces of historical importance. Shakc speariana, too, having1 already been exhaustively catalogued, do not find a place, unless they bear directly upon the stage presentation of Shakespeare's play a. The work is arranged ac cording to subjects, and with full cross refer ences. It will be in one volume, octavo. ACCORDING to tho b:i]lct-muster of the Grand Opera in Paris, it takes three years to train a ballet-girl to enter what is technically called the third quadrille. Before being admitted as pupils, the children, who must not be more than seven years of age, undergo a medical examination, iu order to ascertain that they are sound of wind and limb, and aro not mis shapen. Two out of every three applicants are rejected, and thoso who aro admitted prac tise for an hour and a-half every day without remuneration. If they reach the highest grado they receivo no more than £0.1 per annum. Now and then a star emerges from the ranks, and in that case her salary will range from £1,200 to £2,100. Tlio production of a com plicated ballet involves an outlay on tho average of £1,000, and occupics four or fivo months in ; its preparation. I TIIE accounts given of the behaviour of tho | audience in the presence of the now French | version of "Hamlet" suggests somo curious I contrasts between the electrical emotion of a I Parisian and tho restrained enthnsiasm of an J English audience. Wo aro told, for' instance, ; that when tho climnx was reached with tho ; assassination in the garden, the whole audience broke up amidst a' sccno of - indescribable horror. Wo are quite incapable of that hero. Indeed,. this very scene fails really to striko an English audience. Its attested rcalinui produces .with us only sceptical indifference. It is the intellectual portions of the play that cvoko our enthusiasm. In Franco it iB tlio blood of tho thing that thrills and delights. Booth was accustomed; as Macbeth, to dip his daggers in real gore. It is sonio such present ment as this which charms a Parisian audience to the point of " breaking up amidst a sccno of indescribable horror." Perhaps Englishmen may, after all, thank Heaven that they are not Frenchmen, :.TWELFTH .Nipnx witnessed a groat and-wen. advertised nnnual '' function'' of the woriia; art and literataroof "London-tho ceremony tf "cutting Baddelpy's rcalco" ! at Druiy Badddoy.wasarespectiiUoactorof tho last ccn. tury, moBt :noted.iii tlie.'iirical history as tla original Moses id ? the (School for ScandaL" Ho died ciirly in tlio present century, leaving, legacy :of ilOO, tho! interest of which was to provide a treat of cake'and wine for the com. pany at Drury Lano on Twelfth Night. THE I'M Mali Gazette prizo competition, in which its readers were asked to constitute then, salves into a body of dramatic critics, aaj register their opinions on the actors of the me. tropolis, has been decided. Tho result of u unusually largo poll BIIOWS that J. L. Toole a declared, by an overwhelming majority, the "best comedian," bar none. Honiy Irving having been excluded, Wilson Barrett comes it first as the " best tragedian," and, like Tools, by a tremendous majority. G. B. Sims ii voted tho " best living playwrightthose not in order being W. G. Wills, W. S. Gilbert, atj A. W. Pinero. 