THE GAVEROCKS. A TALE OF THE CORNISH COAST. | i CHAPTER LIV. TIIE SPOTTED DOG. [By the Author of "John Herring," "Mehalah," "Court Eoyal," &c.;] The letter received by Dennis from Rose had not had the effect on him she intended. The tone of the note was more than friendly, What did she mean by it ? Was it a confes- Bion of her own weakness, anl dread"of seeing him again! Or did she hint that he 1 was not to come openly' to the door and ask i for admkeion? fie had no rest at ho * e As : the evening closed in, and silvery "wilight t0 1 Kiif HeaDDroacLTtLwi 6^ a, n i-f llUr J: tootXt the atrd™ Btealth.ly He ftWMtlfcr'^'iSSj he thought he observed ™ f*^, 3 *** 1 o W i nd ™ J S SaX,' i thn Jl fh^ bo^ ri ^f w io^WnrV^n ^hn ^ ^ L ^ engaged on her needlework in the window. walla « f the J^Jvnr^l fh^ s ,fff n^ T n t of Towan Manorhouse, had been pulled down,BO that IT was • , H« J^lft hfm i A » L WaVC j and be Hn £ w^-' H JRi J"^- u Wft f ^ , draw a -- After t , h . ilt ^ rinf'wW. pll ™! 1068 £pSa 1¥ n §- U1 ue C < ? al^ dl6 ; uuguiahthat ofthe bquire.it was loud and rough He thought he could hear as well i f c t ^ S ™ vf 1 ?^ n0i a , WOr K d £L% ey f p ° ke was md.arent to him ; he had not come there to hear them argue, but to see and speak to Rose, if -only for a minute. He waited on patiently. Sose would come to him waen the could; she had w^ved her hand to him through the window in token of recognition. He was L accustomed to wait motionless by the btdside of a patient, watching a crisis ; so he stood no/-, not altering his F fate baJ. H fought ^ W against K him ! r V How ctlVe cruelly ' u™ it Tt h^S^Zlhj B h™« of^11 "™™ ^ings L bound S l her S to ^ a t roan T sha - did not and could not love. He believed that she hated Cterans, . S t v ^ M e^ved t falt sha lill v.t^fV^L! r decla ation of love had drawn from y i her Sw the cry of Too late ! loo lata had she found ^n l^tr 8 pickic™. -, 1 ®;* Vi,^ Why had J^Hh™ he thrown himself ^ ^P on 51^6 the rope acd arrested the fall of Gsrans? Why S S S H t S a ' S S f f l S him. Had he not been an inconsiderate, impulsivo fool, he would have let the cord whirl a way—and Geraas would by this tim* have beenburi e d, and he Zuld y not be ifnrio?nta>ent In t n rmd^l^l I t ^ t touch Rose's hand^speaka few'wordl^about T - „„ j „ „„7 S a t e X a W n W He looked at his hands, and then steuck them against the wall behmd him with sueh for™ thut- th 'pvhi JT M . y If be bad but money, he would carry her off to some distuitjand, away by sea, out of the kingdom, .and begin with her a new life. Bat that was not possible. He was poor and powerless. He could hope for nothing more than to see Sose now and then, listen to her sweet voice, and know without expecting to , tear her confess that she loved him, i 0r * £u * °P ened > a ? d a ma ? came forth. That man was Constantine bufc he • was dreeaed in a suit belonging to his brother, i Summer twilight was in the sky, so that Dennis distinguish, could and see Constantine though he and could Gerans not were extraordinary alike. The young :| surgeon was startled, and had at once to form a resolution. Where he stood he could b3 I - seen. He had presence of mind, aud he came forward from his dark corner. Conetantine started and drew back; he recognised him at once. | •Gerans," . . „ said Fenhalligau, . „ -, - "Ihave _-, come . up to tell you and Rose that I haveaseer- | tamed at last the address of my cousin- j that is, I know where she is. £hu days post has brought me tidinga of her. She is at : Goodrwgton, near Paignton. I am off in two days to see if Loveday be with her. "flight/' answered Constantine, afraid to speak more than a word or two lest his voice should betray him. "RoBe has told you, I suppose, that my search in Exeter was fruitless," said J>ennis, Yes." Constantine moved to go away, j -. I leave on Saturday, aad trust at last to discover her. "Content." Then, suddenly, "Gah!—the spotted dog again !" In the twilight he saw the white mongrel with its liver patches running round him and Dennis, limping. Then the beast stood up on its hind legs and hopped about them like a kangaroo, then flung itself down on its side aB if dead. j "Curse the brute!' exclaimed Dennis. " That dog will drive me mad. I am haunted with it. Yesterday, in the night, as I drove back fiom Wadebridge, it sprang over a heap of stones by the road side at the very spot where 1 had been upset with Rose on the night of the Goose Fair, and I have not been able to .get rid of it since. I see it coni'i- ! nually jumping about me, and then disappearing, coming to me when I least expect it; and yet I can never lay hold of it. I have thrown stones at it, but cannot hit it. I have run after it with a stick, but cannot reach it." | " Shoot it," said Constantine. ! "I will," answered Dennis. "See—it is gone!" j The dog had disappeared. ] Constantine bowed and withdrew to the ' house. Dennis was satisfied from his manner that Gerans was offended with him. • "It is well," muttered he—"well that he ' should understand that I hate him. I cannot ' dissemble. I am too proud and too thorough to affect love where I bate. Perhaps he knows the reason. It is better. Better that I he should know that he stands between the j happiness of two unfortunates whom fate has separated. Maybe Rose has told him that she scornB and abhors him. It is best so. Best that he should feel come of the misery he has brought upon us." He walked leisurely back to Nantsillan. He did not doubt that Rose loved him. Had he not clasped her in his arms and kissed her red lips at the well, and she had forgiven him 2 Had not her blue eyes told him that she was pleased to see him, and had she not invited him to come to Towan and see her again? Had not her letter shown him fear of her own heart? He excused her for not coming to him. She was under restraint. There was a quarrel in the family, I and she waB the victim. The old Squire and Gerans had been assailing her with reproaches—had been pourinz over her vials of wrath and Rail. She had borne this for him, because she loved him. She was doomed to a life.of daily ill-treatment by two men— ] the boisterous, brutal father, the surly, ' suspicious husband—because she loved him. ! For how many years was this misery to be spun oat, her bright life darkened, her joyous spirit saddened, her tender heart broken, because she loved him? Oh, that there were some way of escape—some means of freeing her from this bondage ! He could even sacrifice himself to set her free. .As he came to the dingle down which dived.the path to his cot-tags, he saw a man standing at the edge of the wood with a basket slung over his shoulders by a strap. A crescent moon was in the sky, lying ion its back, shedding a silvery light which, with the summer twilight, enabled him to see aud recognise the pedlar whom he had first beheld at Wadebridge at the Goose Fair; ; but in that nncertain cold light he could not distinguish the colour of his waistcoat. The face was very white with the moon on it, and the Cornish crystal in the band round hiS wild, long, black hair flashed suddenly then was unseen, then flashed again, like a revolving light at sea. Something, Dennis could not sav what, ai rested his steps when he saw this "strange man, acd he stood watching him. The pedlar did not seem to observe him ; he was playing or practising with hiB long basket. With his hand be rappsd the bottom, and the blow jerked up tbe lia, whereupon a number of roses sprang into the air, white, red, yellow, perhaps, but in the combined twi and moonlicht they all gleamed a ghastly white, and felt again into the basket, when the lid dropped on them and shut them in. Another rap—up sprang the lid, and high into the ooldli?ht leaped the roses, to drop again and be shut in by the lid. The performance was clever. Not a rose fell over the side upon the ground, nor did the lid close on the flowers till all were in the basket. The man was practising, apparently. He tried to jerk the flowers higher, and each time higher, and was always equally successful in catching and securing them. Then he changed his proceeding. He tapped twice at the bottom, and now roses and glow-worms shot up out of the basket, a rain of ghost like bloom and j>3le Btftie, Jap* ts±>} apt] tie jninijIsiJ spray was thrown np, again to fall «ed disappear in the basket. Dennis stood spell-bound; how long he would have thus remained cannot fee said, He was released from hia astonishment by seeing the spotted cuv leap out of the bushes and begin its hideous gambols round the pedlar. Then his anger broke loose. " Sou, fellow," he shouted, " take that beast away. I have been plagued with it. I dp not want either yon or your dog in my neighbourood. Get away with you at once. Leave this place. Take yourself and the brut e eWheie. Iwarayou-if I see thifc curaeddog again I will kill it. ? e stei1^ed f, for J?*i. i m ,T d / atc l y - wltVl " out a word, the man backed before him mio and the ^h™' d K aived b a W BOm3 ° "Confound these -iramos." muttered Dennis. "Why does not Squire Gaverock, who is a Juatiee of the $ clear the neighbourhood of them. Hah.!the fellow * t BUCoeMflll afi j thought." He saw a pale rose lyias on the path in his way, a rose that must have fallen from the Pedlar's basket. He stopped to pick it up. . but as he stood his shado w was cast over it d th £ oi ad OE whiati -ti lay. groped wiU^his fingers on the ground, but Pi^ed up nothing save bits of earth and dust. Then he stood on one side to allow the creecent moon to illnme the path again. The rnH~ „ no longer there He^entiifat^iB garden eats, unlocked fcis door, and fastened it from the inside. On the hall table was laid his sapper. He lit a caudle and too:, hie placs, but he had no appetite, and he thrust his plate away. He was by himself in the house. Utile Ruth, after having bud supper ior him, was v.cut to go awav with the wouian who came there to char for him. She slept at her cottage, and returned early in the morata* IhVSuifcd awavthe ba^k-docr key with her, and let herself in with it nest day. He art up late, doi^ nothln? with his hands, but hi' s he ad busy. Of Loveday he thousht lit. aei Me w?s not much concerned about her. He tod made up hie mind that she was wjth h., r cousill; elle had discovered her 6omehow in Exeter, or discovered her address wheE th aud had g0!ie t0 h acd was now at Goodrintfon. The iouraoy io Exeter and the Bt there hsd put; ! hirn tc some ex. and bis absence had interfered v.ith bis duties st home. As is usuai, he had been ffiore , vajlted wiieu away than at Nftat . Elllan> Several Eick pe0 le h£.d aect for hinl and findirg he vs.: kbE^, hid tr.-.n,ferred +j,. 1 ,„. <J :, T „„ 0 fr, t0 the oia „>> ,, dootor _+ at Dennfa considered how different his prospeots woaSd faeefl bad Jiose bcca hU comfortably J off, uuoppressed with tae daii ; uoh f pov er ;-,y ^t'ii her presence aa ia bis hoaie. al) tlie darlmeas md burdeu of his life would have rolled ^ji.,,] Then from „„ out _ of his burning, , dry heart there U 1 f f, at .„ BJ(1j nS f L 0a ^ ? L - ^ SL i S^^ASSM^. S o S S f ^ ^ ^ e ^ d ' t a havfbf doID g ' T ? liked -M > ? f ac , my th f re ' K room with lum, and Zl'^ thud of his head on the slate lloor. Ho s.cod ^ f ect a c d - f ~ 1 d standing above Gerans. with the life o£ his ^Is ^wcr. Would he s Pf re him? ? e^nl9 f ^ugl i ed L a l° ud - n , e 1 ed a t u^, ? 0R bal ; ked a i strange bark ake a laugh, or the echo of a laugh. Dennis went like wnite dancing roses. Tnen he weut upcrescent moon was gone, or no longer shone in atthe window. The wind sighed outside among the trees. All at once he started and raised his head, Against the whitewashed wall at the foot of his bed he thought he saw something move, The moon had not set j it had not shone into hiB wom because of a dense mass of ivy-hung ei m an d a holly that had obscured it. Now it passed from behind these bushes and flared between some boughs, making a groteeque. figure on his wall that waved and moved as the branches and leaves waved and moved, The freakish light drew on his wall a figure like a white<dog sitting up on Its haunches, with its paws before it, beggiog, and the head bobbing and turning, the paws now thrust forward, then drawn in, as though trying to reach some object, and failing. Moreover, the white shadow-dog was covered with moving liver-spots. The head was at one moment very distinct, with a brilliant eye, then it was blurred and shapeless, then it waB turned aside and clear again. The beast seemed to put up its paws and wash its face as a cat or a rabbit, and the ears flapped fianned as it turned its head. AH the while the liverspots ran over the body, melting into each other, dividing, disappearicg, then manifesting themselves again. Suddenly the fantastic figure was gone, the wind rushed past the window, and whilst the wind rushed there was no white dogon the wall, but a whirl of white roaes flying up and down, fast, faster, up aud doira and in and cut, some falling on the floor, some sprinkling their petals over the bed, but all gathering themselves up again, the petals rejoining the blossoms that thed I '.zee, and dancing like a spin of snowflakes. Dennis threw himself back on his pillow. Hia mind was overwrought, his nerves overstrung, He was becoming a prey to fancies. The gust of wind was gone. There were flickers of light and moving spots of shadow on the wall still, but no shaoe. He watched them till they went out, one after another. Now, ccrtainly, the moon had passed beyond the house, or behind so den3e a mass of foliage as not to cast shadows and lights in r0 0 So he V"- thought, but was presently undeceived by seeing one gleaming spot, one thai seemed to shioe and twinkle like the CcrniEli crystal in the ^sdlai's hair. This spot appeared on the_ wall and travelled along it slowly. Dennis followed it with hia eyes. It was formed, doubtless, like the rest of the fantastic figures, by the moon among the branches and leaves; but it was certainly strange that on this occasion there was but a single Il^ht, It crept along the whitewashed wall very stealthily. It seemed to travel like a snail, and at a snail's Dace. All at once it flashed with double brilliancy, it had touched and was gleaming on the little double-barrelled pistol Kose had given to Dennis on the ni^ht of the Goose Fair! 