THE CRADOCK GHOST SCARE. We have, received from Mr. Kirkham Evans the following with reference to the Cradock ghost mystery:— For more than a month the North has been in a disturbed condition on account of a wonderful ghost story, which has been freely circulated through most of the newspapers in the colony. We have been informed that upon the approach of Sissy Schnltz wonderful taps, sometimes as though a sledge hammer had struck the wall, were heard, electric shocks felt, and on one occasion an apparition was seen by the child. These stories spread about in the neighbourhood, and lost nothing in the telling. The good people of Cradock and Blackrock imagined the devil or some accredited representative was in their midst. I heard a gravely told description of the spirit of the girl's mother communicating that the child must be allowed two sticks of toffy per day. On Wednesday morning my interest in psychical research caused me to leave Ade- laide for Blackrock. Arriving there late in the afternoon I made my way at once to the disturbed home, and received a kindly recep- tion from Mr. Rodeghiere, who said that Mr. J. A. Jones, the resident schoolmaster, would take care of me. Imagine the surprise ex- perienced on approaching the schoolhouse meeting a gentleman well known as a student of psyhical subjects, with some experience of cases of this kind. If I had wanted any assistance a better man could scarcely have been found. He said he had been experi- menting with the child, and although he had not come to a decision he saw nothing to warrant the supposition that the girl was possessed of supernatoral powers. Armed with a small tin of flour, some blacklead, string, an electro-magnet, a bottle of strong-smelling salts, a thermo- meter, &c; , we again made our way over to the store. It was getting late, and a large number of visitors were waiting to obtain a glimpse of the child, or for an oppor- tunity of looking into the matter themselves. Some had travelled very long distances, but we decided it would be unwise to admit any of them, with two exceptions, the Rev. J. Hancock, of Port Augusta, and Mr. A. Beally, of Blackrock. We saw Sissy, a plain-looking child of 9 years, but tall for her age, at times full of life and activity, bold and fearless, simple in manner, but upon entering into conversation with her, showed remarkable cunning suggestive of I know you, you are laughing in your sleeves, a re- mark which, by -the- way, we once heard her make. After a few preliminary preparations we entered the child's bedroom at the back of the store, and from a hasty glance I was convinced that there was nothing of a suspicious character ; one or two boxes and a few sundries were all to be seen. In one corner of the room, on a pug floor, the bed was arranged, consisting of a mattress and the usual bedclothes. Before calling in the girl, or rather when in the store, I ascertained from the father that the only manifestations that had ever been witnessed at any of the seances were the knocks and the electric shocks. It is important that this should be remembered; being the sum total of all the excitement it simplifies our researches. In one account it is stated that the spirit of the mother would appear to Mr. Schultz at 12 o'clock at night, but as he informed me it did not appear no importance can be attached to this. We decided before entering the house, first to find out by experiment if the girl was really in a state of catalepsy, or shamming sleep; second, to find out how the raps were made. Having stated our chief objects I will now proceed to describe the seance, and will then give the result of the experiments, and the reasons which caused us to believe the child to be a trickster. Sissy ran into the room full of excitement and expressed her willing- ness to retire. She was undressed and put to bed made on the pug floor. It was a double one, and when the child lay in the middle with her arms stretched out she could not reach over to touch the floor, but by rolling over to her left side she could easily tap the floor with her fingers, under cover of the bedclothes, and in this way unseen. Strange ! Very strange as the child had not shown the slightest sign of sleepiness, and yet in one minute and a half she appeared to be in a deep slumber, notwithstanding the talking going on in the room, and refused to answer when spoken to. By-and-by, she commenced to roll her head about and breathed heavily, the father immediately ejaculating, ' It is coming ; put out the light.' We failed to see why this should be done, but, wishing to give the spirit every chance, complied. As this was being done I noticed the child turned over on to its left side, away from us facing the wall, and stretched out its left arm under the clothes. Presently very faint raps were heard, questions put of an ordinary nature and raps received in reply, no question being asked but what any in the room might have answered correctly or made a good guess at, nevertheless the ' spirit' was not always correct. The raps exactly resembled the tapping of one's fingers on the pug floor ; in fact, once or twice I tapped with my own finger, and rapped out the replies; these were not distinguished from the others. Un- doubtedly the child was producing the raps. Although the lights were out the moon shone through the window just sufficiently to enable us to recognise the form, and no raps occurred except when she was lying in the position already described, the only position, in fact, she could produce them without fear of detection (the night previous a hammock was improvised and the girl placed in it, but no raps occurred). A box was now placed near the girl on the bed, but as one end had been blackleaded, she was too cunning to rap upon this. Having convinced ourselves that the raps were made by the girl, we next proceeded to try by experiment if she really was asleep or shamming. I should mention that before this, when the girl was awake, Mr. Jones gave her several strong doses of ammonia, and this caused her to dread the bottle. Relighting the candle, this was brought out. We remarked in the hearing of the child it would be better to rub the bottle well and make it extra strong. Immediately this was said, before we had any opportunity of apply- ing it, she covered her face with her arm. Later on we really did apply the bottle, and she quickly buried her head. Another time we touched her nose gently with the end of the thermometer, and just as quickly she again buried her head. At the same time no amount of shouting or shaking had any effect. Presently she threw her arms behind and appeared to go into a state of catalepsy; then she drew them in, shaking her hands violently— a very pretty piece of acting. Probably the girl was practising this when one of your correspondents said he felt the electric shocks. No person in Blackrock, as far as I could ascertain, ever felt any, and certainly on this occasion we were not favoured. We had an electro-magnet to test this, but from questions asked we concluded the electrical idea was only an imaginary one, and thus there was no need to try it. Your correspondent might perhps have used the words nervous shocks more correctly. Signs of heavy breathing reappeared, and we were again informed that the knocks were coming, Mr. Jones lay down between the girl and the wall. I lay on the other side, but no more raps. The father told us they would not come while we were on the bed. We tried other experiments by making suggestions, and were perfectly successful. These alone would have convinced us of the fraud. Mr. Jones was the originator of these, and as I left him to try further experiments no doubt, if necessary, they will be described in his report. At the conclusion of the seance we expressed our regret that the raps were not more distinct, but the father said if I would stay another evening he would lay her on a boarded floor, and they would then be much louder. I agreed with him that they would, but did not think it necessary to waste more time. The temperature of the child's body before going to bed was 87° during the performance 94° ; pulse regular. Next morning the follow- ing document was drawn up and signed:— ' We agree from the observations of Wednes- day, June ,1—1. That the child is awake or semi-conscious, and we believe she shams asleep. 2. She produces the raps herself with her hand on any available object, this includes her own body. - 3. The raps conld be easily simulated. .4. That she is open to suggestions. 5. From the observations we made on this particular night we don't feel justified in imputing to any person in the room the charge of collusion with the girl.— W. H. Jonks, Kirkham Evans, Blackrock, June 2, 1887. As stated before, the Blackrock correspon- dent whose reports have appeared in the newspapers (I believe the only reports ever sent from Blackrock) was present, and as the result of an interview afterwards the following was prepared: - Mr.Heally stated that he had never at any of the pre- vious seances witnessed anything more ex- traordinary than that witnessed by him in our presence on the evening of June 1. — W. H. Jones, K. Evans, Blackrockj. June 2, 1887.' Mr. H. A. Stanley, of Petersburg sends the following letter: — ' Petersburg, June 2, 1887\. Mr. K. Evans. Dear Sir— Mr. Wil- liams, of the Petersburg Hotel here, and Mr. Opie, police- trooper here, wish me to write you stating they are prepared to swear that they heard the child whispering, and also that they are confident in their own mind that the thing is an imposition, and any assistance they can give you by making a statement as to what they heard and saw during their visit they will only be too happy.— Yours sincerely, H. A. Stanley.' We have abundance of other evidence con- firmatory of the foregoing, but believe enough has been written to convince any intelligent persons that the Cradock scare is no longer a mystery. It will probably be asked, what is the motive ? This I am not prepared to say, but do know that many extraordinary decep- tions have been carried on by people with no apparent motive but to attract attention. Again, some may ridicule the idea of so young a child being capable of such fraud. I have been connected with several similar cases where children of tender years have carried out the most deliberate frauds. For instance, the Shropshire mystery in November, 1883. A child scarcely any older than this one caused buckets to move about and upset coal- hammers, bolted, domestic utensils moved about when the child came near, a hymn book jumped off the table, bricks and dirt flew about the house, and I heard a report actually credited by the farm yokels of Weston Lullingfield that upon Emma Davies going into a yard four pigs stood upon their heads and sang the National Anthem (vide Liverpool Mercury, November 16, 1883, and the principal English papers). The girl con- fessed afterwards to Dr. Corke and others that she herself had caused all this by trickery, and showed how she did them. So much for the so-called Cradock ghost mystery which has disturbed the repose of a wide district for an entire month. The credulous rustics have unconsciously invented most of the ridiculous tales, scaring them selves with imaginary terrors. 