SAB1NA ZEMBRA. A NOVEL Bv WILLIAM BLACK. Au'.bor of "M.aci.coh of Dare," "A Princess of Tuvle," Ac. (Tbc Risrfci of Translation is Reserved.) CHAPTER XXI. — Sum E XEW ACQUAIN- T.VNCK3. " \\\ ell, lie lookc.il at. it a long time, and then he put it haul; : and then he turned to rue. ' Do vuii remember the night Sabina came ln-re to supper he said — for 1 had asked him to call you Sabina dnrinc these la-t few days, when we were talking a little about you. Of course 1 do,' 1 said. 'Do yon remember hmv pretty she looked when she was up at the corner of the table — the yelh.w ticiiu of lace round her neek, ami the bunch of forget- me-nots ill front. She was very kind to me that night. And do you remember her coming along through the garden, like a pale, beautiful ghost ; and her surprise at linding the studio so well lit up. That is where she sate — on the sofa there — while they were singing ' .Shepherds, have you seen my Flora pass this nay .' ' — you remember all that evening, .Mis .l.inie ." As if 1 were likely to forget it 1 Well,' he says, 'it's no use. 1 meant to sell this place, and go to America for good. I'm going to America, that's all right; but so help me God. so long as 1 have a shilling left, I will never allow a stranger to come in and take possession of this house .' ' And that is how it stands at this moment ; and yet — yet you say that man was nut iu love with you " Janie." Sabina said, "you talk to me as if vuii had something to reproach me with — as if I lied done Walter Lindsay a great wrong. Weil, you know Walter Lindsay. Rut so do I ; and I think I know him well enough to make sure he never meant you to speak to mo like that." This was a deadly home- thrust ; and for a second uoor .1 anie became rather pale and bit licr lip. ' Yuu may say anything you like against me. Habie : i am quite content when 1 see you begin to appreciate Walter Lindsay a little." That was all that was said on this subject just then, for lunch was over now : and when Sabina asked .Janie what they ought to do that afternoon (.Mr. Fred not return ing till 7), and when Janie besought her to go down and see the old people in Kensing ton Square she most cheerfully consented. They spent the afternoon partly in Kensing ton Square and partly in eertaiu neighbor hoods to the south of that, looking up a few old friends and acquaintances ; and then, when Sabina had to return to the Strand, Janie made the voyage with her from Chel sea pier to Hungerford, hut could not be induced to go further than that. Some other time, she said, she would call and see Mr. Foster and Sabina together. As it char.cei, if she had accompanied S.ibina home to those rooms she would have found Fred Foster in a remarkably good humor. "Ain't wo smart !" said he, as he came in (.Sabina had preceded him by but a few minutes). " Now, 1 do call this uncom- monlv neat and snug for the very middle of London. Oh. Janie helped you, did she , Give her tny lave when you see her she's not particularly beautiful ; but 1 con: side:- tlioie people were awfully good toyou- Xuw. Dame I linden, what's the programme, tor this evening.' To begin with, some dinner. Tile strong point of this arrange ment is that we are not dependent on cooks or butlers or anybody who may get drunk and break tilings ; you wander out into the world of London and dine where you please — the best of food and the best of wines, if you only know where to go : no bother ; you caii entertain your friends, too, when fortune smiles on you. So off you go and make yourself gorgeous ; and we'll try the Cri." The what ?" she asked. "The Criterion. Xo ; let: me see; we'll go to the 'Cafe Royal; there 1 may jhave a cigar after dinner. Look alive, for I'm desperately hungry." Tliev went to that restaurant, and Mr. Fred showed considerable experience and skill iu ordering their little bnnque', with its appropriate wines. Sabina rather took him to task for his extravagance ; but he said lightly : "Oil, you let me alone. I've had a little bit of luck to-day. Well, I don't consider it luck, as 1 told you before — I consider it bare justice — it's only getting a little of my property back. Don't you make any mis take — tile breast of a partridge and a glass of l'ommard were specially invented by a henelicent Providence to go together — don't he a fool, but do as you're bid. 1 tell you I'm going to look after you, and see you through this turmoil they call life." He was quite merry, indeed : and told her many facetious stories about the two or three companions lie had run against during the day ; indeed so lightly did the time pass that it v.as after U o'clock before he had finished his cigar and was ready to leave. " I had intended taking you to the theatre." he said, as he called for his bill, "but. that's the worst about play-going in London now : the theatres are too popular; von arc never sure of a decent, seat, unless Vou solemnly make up your tnind a long time before— -as if you were going to be married, or hanged, or something. Then they.don't let you smoke. And be-ides. you've got to rush away in the middle of your dinner, just when one's inner consciousness feels the want of repose. Mow, the music-halls don't give vou the highest form of intellectual entertainment — 1 admit that. It isn't Shakspero. Rut, mind you, there's some thing uncommonly handy in your being able to drop in at any time ; always some thing going on ; a cigar, or a drink, when vou want it ; or an evening paper to vary the thing. Look here, wliaL do you say to driving tip to the Oxford for an hour.'" "The Oxford.'" she repeated, inquiringly. "Yes; it's a initsic-liali, don't you know,' Oh. well, it isn't high culture, as I admit ; but it's a way of passing tin hour ; and then vou wouldn't meet anybody — I mean, we should get a private box ; no otto would know that you were there. And sometimes tiiere's very good singing." "If you don't mind," she said, "I think I would as soon go hack to our rooms and see how all our new finery looks." " Olt, very well," he said, contentedly, and so thev went downstairs and got into a han som arid were driven home. Sabina took to planning and arranging and stitching where that was wanted ; he applied himself to Denton's excellent trea tise on " Practical Billiards," but soon fell asleep. When he nwokc, it was half-past 11\. and then ho proceeded to mix for him self a little spirits and water, as an adjunct to his final cigar. Now, there lutd been a clear understand ing. if no formal compact, between these two that their life after marriage whs to be in a manner a combination of their separate lives before it. He was to be at her right hand in all iter various duties : site was to reward horse's! occasionally by a little participation in his amusements. He had talked her over into considering this a very sensible and practicable scheme ; and on the one or two occasions when he was allowed to accompany her on her errands of merer and help, his good humor, his shrewd acquaintance with the world's ways, and his vivacious society, all came in very well. Un fortunately for this ideal co-partnership, however, when they returned to London it so happened that the t'esarewitch and Cam bridgeshire handicaps had just been pub lished ; and he was much interested in the discussion, of these imposts ; and he was away a good deal among acquaintances whom he did not care to introduce to his wife, because their conversation was not in the least likely to interest her. Then came the Doneaster September meeting. Rut when he had spoken of Sabina's giving her self a little holiday relaxation now and again, he had never thought of proposing to her a rough-and-tumble journey down to Yorkshire and back, JJe had thought of a sunny afternoon at Lord's, looking on at a cricket match ; or a trip down the river in the steamer of the Royal Thames Yacht Club ; or the 0ak3, perhaps, or Ascot or Goodwood — something pretty and lively and socially amusing; not this busi ness-like meeting in the north. At the same time, he considered it prudent and even kind to break the news of his going in an nrtful and diplomatic manner. " Dame Burden," said lie, " you're a young and innocent tiling ; I wislt you'd pray for the success of Squire Tipton." "That's a horse, I suppose?" she said, looking up from her books — for she now kept minute accounts of her expenditure. To be continued .) 