riuD.ir, .r.i.vcm/>w. J; 1 KI i I; ; SIIOOTIXC. Thk continued interest manifested in rifle-shooting in llie Gnulburn Valley district, :ind, in iiiet, the whole of the colony, inspires us with feelings of regret Unit we arc not afforded adequate opportuni ties for demonstrating our su periority in the manipulation of tire-arms. As nothing succeeds like success, so does nothing so stim ulate toexertion as cm ulation— | as the suspension before the vision of neophytes and aspirants of a rroal, whose destination closhes the succcssfuloompetition in honor, and eternally rebounds to the glorification of his country. Thus the principles of emulation and patriotism are inculcated. The en couragement given the youth of the colony by the Government to j indulge iu riHe-shooting as a re laxation is most commendable, and has been blessed with abundant results. Under itspaternal and fos tering aid and care, rifle clubs sprang into existence in all parts of the colony with ephemeral- like rapidity. In our own district \v« are singularly well represented. Proficicnc}' in the use of fire-arms is universally admitted to be, if not more meritorious, at all events of far more utility* and stability, that the sports, pastimes, and re laxative exercises included iu the athletic vocabulary. That the pre sent enthusiasm, which has proved itself to be of no spasmodic character,should bccncouragedaiul not allowed to abate, isapparent to all well-wishers of Australia’s well fare. In bur opinion ambition and the spirit of emulation arc the re quired' factors to the continued health and the longevity of the invaluable organisations; but to secure this elixir of life we must go beyond the seas;-—we. must allow om young men to compete with the old world militarians and old-seliool riflemen. The Austral ian Governments have proved their appreciation of this fact by hist July subsidising a team of riflemen to compete at ■-Wimbledon; but “it is right here.” as our trans atlantic cousins say, that our com plaint appears. Wo fail to sec the sense or utility of securing au honor of emptiness—the honor of being allowed to compete without the least chance of success, and of augmenting the laurels of English men. Plainly, we consider that Australians are completely handi capped out ol over winning the Queen’s prize; and if we are to compete in future wc are of opinion that eipiity and justice demand material alterations in the com petition conditions. Under the present arrangements England has an immense and grossly unequal advantage over Australia, India and Canada, owing to climatic in fluences. The veriest tyro in rifle shooting is cognisant of the fact that the various qualities of the atmosphere and light are essential to successful scoring or otherwise. And it certainly requires no ghost to tell us that the climate of the mother country is at complete variance with our own. Our con tention, then, briefly, is this—that with competitiors from the United Kingdom, Australia, India, and Canada, those competing on their “native heath"haveanimmeasure able advantage. The}' arc at home and we arc abroad. In short “ antipodes ” is the word which permeates the whole affair. Under such circumstances it ap pears to us hopeless to expect ever to appropriate the trophy. John Bull s boast is “ that the prize has never yet been taken out of the United Kingdom,” and if the pre sent conditions are adhered to, we opine it never will be. Wnat we want to make known is, whether there is any good to be gained by competing on a common ground at all. Why should not the rendezvous be roratoty ( Why should not the competition be held in the United Kingdom, the Em pire, the Dominion and the colonies alternately, thus placing all on an equal footing, and fairly distribut ing the experience? Surely we are entitled to reciprocity in rifle com petitions, as much as in cricket and rowing. In the latter, English men come to out shores in a proper and legitimate reciprocal spirit. Was not the rowing championship of the world wrested from a Canadian by one of ourselves on one of our own livers? In a matter of more importance to the.state we have no such reciprocity. If we wish to take part, it.seems, in the competition for Her Majesty’s most muuiticient trophy, wc must go to , Wimbledon or not compete at all. ■ Practice is to be pursued and pro ficiency attained in our own clim ate and light; we arc, in short, heavily handicapped, ciimatical’y and monetarily. Trudy Wimhle ' don has become associated with England's dearest traditions, and the conservation crust in this re spect we suspect is well nigh in vulnerable, but for the life of us ", wc can't sec why Australia, Canada, and India, should not compete on their own ranges, the conditions being precisely similar. We would preserve the beloved nom enclature, and establish Australian Wimbledons, Indian Wimhledous, 8 and Canadian Wimbledons, if the I old folk would promise not to be olTendcd and not to ebaracteri.se us as arrant and presumptions ! plagiarists. But seriously, there is no time tor procrastination. This year’s matches are not now far off, and it is time we began to bestir ourselves. We don’t want to see last j-ear's well-meant farce re iterated. Siicpparton might well take the initiative, and in conjun ction with various other clubs, battalions and batteries, make an effort to ameliorate the arrange ments. Umpicstionably the most simple and erpiitable mode of pro cedure consists in every team firing at its own range. The above men tioned lr> is! of .Englishmen that none have been their dpials in these competitions is somewhat modified w!i :i we remember that during the-shooting at Wimbledon, Ja South Australian picked team of riflemen shot a match on their own range upon the conditions and rules of the Queen’s competition, and beat the English winning score by.lo points. This affords ocular denionstra'ion of the cor rectness of mir climatic theory. In advocatingf-reign competition, we did tint mean a competition offering no chance of obtaining the envied goal of ambition or the pedestal of fame. Such negative honors have an inverse effect to those intended. There is no sense in entering into a transaction which in effect is nugatory. But while preserving our connection I with the Queen’s prize firing, we must endeavor to obtain fair and wpial advantages with our English compeers: and if the Government, the riflemen, and the military take the subject in hand, we do not doubt that Her .Majest3’’s trophy will ultimately find its way to Austral’s shores. Rehtecs tki.iojuam in last night’s H-rnh/ status that the Kail of Iddc.sleigh was taken suddenly ill when with the Marquis of Salisbury at Downing street. Yesterday. He immediately became unconscious, and expired in a few minutes. Mus .Ions Wirm: desires us to note an advertisement appearing elsewhere, ami intimating the reassembling of her el.is.ses on the ‘24th iust. A mkktini: of the seat holders of the CImruh of Kngland is called by advertise ment to take plaec on Tuesday evening next at S o'clock. Raitist IfoMK Mission*.—Services will be held next Sunday as follow :—Shcppar ton (Mechanics* Hall) 11 a.m., llev A. Medley : 7..10 p.m. Itcv \V. Jones ; Tally l-aroopna (Mr Kyuon’s) 7.30 p.m., Kev A. We auk desired to call attention to a notice in our advertising columns by Mr. It. H. Turnluy, respecting the official book of events in connection with the annual meeting of the Sepparton Turf Chib. At tub Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, it was agrecil that Mr Dcakiii, M.L.A., (Chief .Secretary) and Mr Lorimer, M.I..C., (Minister of Defence) should represent the colony at the Imperial conference to l>c held in London about the end of March, llolh gentlemen will return in time for the next session of Tarliamcnt. Tin: ims.uiukkmknt between Sir Patrick Jennings and Mr Dihbs has culminated in the Premier tendering his resignation ami that of Ids colleagues in the Ministry to his Excellency tile Governor. It is gener ally surmised that Ids Excellency the (iovernor will request .Sir Patrick Jennings to reform the Cabinet. Tun dkiwrtmknt of Agriculture will advertise for a pupil to the agricultural chemist (Mr A. X. Pearson). Applica tions, addressed to the Secretary for Agri culture (Mr D. E. Martin), will ho recei ved tip.to the 27th iust. Applicants must not be under ill or over 20 years of age. Certificates of character and education, including an eiemetary knowledge of the natural sciences, must aeeumpany each application. The candidates will be exam ined about the end of February. The period of apprenticeship will he four years, and tile remuneration CIO for the lirst, L’JO for the second, YiM) for the third, ami £70 for the fourth year. A counnsrd.viiKNT writing in the WtuHjarattn. C/ironirlr, on the scarcity of harvest labor, makes the following perti nent remarks :—Would it not he feasible to establish ail Agricultural Labor Bureau in most large townships, so that a fixed rate of wages might he made by employers, and its notices, either through the Press or otherwise, could be perused by those in search of employment. “ For example : .Shire Councils, farmers’ unions and agri cultural socicths might appoint the mem bers, each representing a certain area; and when a body was once formed a schedule could be issued at certain periods (say previous to the busy seasons), viz., shear ing and harvest, thus enabling both master and man to meet on a sort of pre- under standing, and, at the same time, giving j the farmers the appearance of being united in suppressing the system of blackmailing by tramps, which is becoming more preval ent every year. Could this be accomplished we should *oc less afraid of tile .Melbourne and Sydney unemployed in our midst.” Tub .match, Australian Eleven versus England was resumed at Sydney on Tuesday. The weather was close and the attendance exceedingly small, the ground being very hard. Shrewsbury and Har row, the not out men, laced the bowling of Garrett and Trmnble, and in a very short space of time after the commencement of the match Harlow was caught by Evans off Garrett. Barnes replaced Harlow, and the score was then steadily increased, 20 being soon registered. Lively play still ensuedj and 30 was soon rim up, principally through the bungling of the fielding on the part of the Australian Eleven. The re quired number to win the match were soon obtained, ami when the match was finished Shrewsbury was not out for lti, Barnes (not out) 33, sundries J. Total for the loss of one wicket. 37 runs, "the Englishmen thus winning the match by nine wickets and 2 runs. Ijy KKPKiiKNCK to our advertising columns it will be seen that Messrs Slee, Ogilby anil Co., bold a special sheep sale at Korea on the '’1st iust., and the date of Mr. George North’s ipiartcrly horse sale at Kumitrkah, is fixed for the 4th prox. Whilst Tin: estimates for 1SSU-7, which are given in another column, were being discussed at the Council meeting on Mon day afternn-r., the Secretary raid he under stood Mr. Coote3 would be in Shepparton next week when final arrangements in con nection with the gas <|nestinn would, in all probability, be made. In anticipation that Messrs Coates and Co. will proceed with the work forthwith, the Council placed the sum of f 100 in the estimates for the erection and maintenance of lamps in Shepparton during the nc.xt twelve months. 0.VKOK the the chief missions with which Mr. Dcakiu is to be charged by the Govern ment, on the occasion of his visit to Kng'.iud, is to endeavour to induce H.R.11. tile LViuceof Wales to accept the invitation to visit Australia, and open the Centennial Kxhihition in Melbourne, The Govern ment are bringing to bear all the influence they can command in order to secure the presence of His lloyal Highness at the opening ceremony. Mr. Uenkiu will seek an interview with the lYince of Wales, and convey to His lloyal Highness the earnest desire of the colonists, not only of Victoria, but of the wliolc of Australasia, that he should accept the invitation. liv AlivizuTl.siMii:ny in another column Miss O’Sullivan notifies that she will resume tuition on Thursday next, tiOtli inst. I Jin. K. K. Hh.w.ks, Hon Secretary to i'.: t I'of in I Testimonial ftiml, d-sire ■' ns r > rcijucst that subscriptions list lie n-turm-J to Iiim at the Hank of Victoria not kites than Saturday. We trait tliataiitidpatiou-: of the Committee will lie fully realised, an 1 the testimonial, which to ho pie... iteil ; > Mr. I'oonl on Friday evening next, 27! > inst., he one as worthy of acceptance as ii< recipient has provcil himself worthy ,.f recognition. .Mi:. Li i:\Ksi.v desires us to intimate lhs‘: in eonseonenee of sickness in his fami'-. the local State School will he dosed for i week or two heyoml the ('hristmas holi days. Mr. Lievi.slcy's children ha; • recovered Irom tlieir illness hot it is iiest i > 1«- on the safe side, and so keep the schorl dosed till all dancer is over. Cl: .M<Oi:.uKi:n, speaking at the meeting on Monday last, on the Sheppartnii Shin I ‘oi;m:il,s indebtedness in connection with the I'inc Lodge Weir and other iial.ilites of the Shepparton Water Tru-t, urged upon his colleagues the absolute necessity that existed for the adoption of immediate steps to Ining about the reticulation of tie: town. In other places of considerably !e>-r importance than our town, such as for instance, Nngambie and Yarrawci.ga, tin: "ater was laid on, and it was a crying shame that the proposition to reticulate Shepparton should have been allowed to in abeyance for nearly live years. What ever might he tile outcome of the flillerorio-: that existed between the Sueppnrto-r Water Trust and Shire ('ouncil. In: ; sincerely trusted the most expedient effort-: would be made to secure for the resident t of Shepparton a supply of water, by means that were so easily within reach, and would do so mudi good for the town. I.ovules ok coursing in this district will learn with regret that Mr. Oeorg:;- Little's (of Xnmnrks.li) Mclnento shy Dionysius O'Kane, died on Tuesday from the effect of a sunstroke. Memento has, on more than one occasion in various parts of the Ooul Imru Valley, proved himself somewhat tnor« fleet of foot than his opponents, an i it will he remembered he was placed first in tile greyhound section at the late < Iran i Xational Show, against a number of well bred animals. Iiik \\\ A rm; Supply department have strongly urged upon the Minister of Lands that the land in the Otway forest which i~ was proposed should lie thrown -'pen for selection, should be reserved for th-r purpose of a State forest and also for dimatio reasons as a means of preserving the water supply. The greatest portion c.f the land in ipicstion has, however, already been selected, so it now appears too late to take action. 'lilt: kite of the Hampton family has been decided. As both her husband and sou declined the responsibility of taking charge of Mrs Hampton, who|is evidently insane-, the Minister of Justice has directed her interment in a lunatic asylum during the pleasure of his Excellency the (.(overuor. On the necessary forms licing completed for giving effect to this direction the other members of the family will be released on their relatives entering into the usual liouds for their safe custody. 