Siiippiog. COLOMBO, January 27. The P. & O. steamer Carthage left last evening for Australian ports. SUEZ, London 27. The British-India's steamer Alemora left to-day outward bound for Queens land. A letter was read at Thursday's meeting of fcjie Marine Board from several pilots at Ports Augusta and Pirie, complaining that a num ber of vessels had recently beea taken from Port Adelaide up the gulf in charge of un licensed persons. These vessels were the Asbmore, Ariadne, Wilhelmina, and the Afroa. The memorialists stated that the in justics waB felt very severely, and they asked for the protection of the board. After some little discussion the wardens considered that the Spencer's Gulf pilots were protected by the by- laws, and that they had a remedy in their own hands, An incident occurred at South Melbourne last week (says the Herald of January 25) which would have afforded material to Edgar Allan Poe for one of his mysterious and weird tales, and the genuineness of which is vouchsafed for by a refutable resident of South Mel bourne. During the extreme heat of the week a gentleman, who slept in a compartment also containing another occupant, underwent some singular experiences, it is presumed at that midnight hour when ghosts and goblins damned are supposed to leave their prison houses to haunt the souls of men. He re tired to bed as usual one evening, but in the morning was startled to find his face and pillows covered and saturated with his own blocd. The source from which the flow had emanated appeared to be a small puncture or incision in the fleshy part of the eyebrow. During the day he experienced a feeling of extreme lassitude and languor, arising pro bably from the loss of blood. On the follow ing night he remained awake, but nothing occurred. The succeeding midnight hours, however, produced extraordinary results. The atmosphere was sultry and warm, and owing to the loss of blood and the previous night's vigil he doEed off shortly before 12 o'clock. About 6 o'clock in the morning he awoke with a painful compressed feeling in the region of the bead, and was alarmed to discover a repetition of the blood stained appearance of the face, pillow, and even edges of the sheets, and other paraphernalia appertaining to the couch of Mor pheus. The matter was now becoming serious. Suspicions of that abominable creation, the vampire, were aroused. All the inmates of the tenement were alarmed, and the fellow occu pant of the room was naturally surrounded with an unuttered suspicion. lusdioi! aid wa3 brought into requisition, and these gentle man were decidedly of opinion that the person had been bitten by some vermin, and easily accounted for the copious flow of blood. It is well-known that intense beat always tends to thin the blood, and when the temperature is at 104 or 10G the slightest incision in the skin will cause, if left alone, an outpour of lengthened continuation, A watch was next night kept outside the room to intercept any surreptitious vampire. Not a movement was heard in the room. All wa3 still, with the exception of the sleeping inmates' regular breathing. Towards morn ing the watchers entered the bedroom, and were as equally astonished as horrified to observe the thin blood _ silently and slowly trickling from a diminutive incision in the lorehead. "The domestic cat, which had been put in the room to frighten away vermin, was quietly and harmlessly purring upon a chair. The affair was gaining a ghostly reality. Everybody was at their wits' end to account for the phenomena. Ultimately the victim determined to keep awake all night himself if possible. He made this resolution secretly, and he kept it. His room companion had re moved his quarters. He was alone in the room with the faithful cat. The light was turned out. The moonlight was casting its rays through the latticed windows. The man dosed, half-waking, half-sleeping, upon the bed which had been the scene of so much spoilt blood. Suddenly he felt a gentl6 pressure on hie chest, then a soft furry touch upon hia cheek, then a soft half purr, half-growl. It was the cat. He did not move. She licked hie face fpr a -few moments and then inserted her teeib'.- The mystery was solved, Ihe v arc fire was the est, 