THE HOLLOWAY DRAMATIC COMPANY. ' HAMLET.' There was another very large attendance at the Academy of Music la3t evening, when the Holloway Dramatic Com pany produced that immortal work ' Hamlet.' This company certainly deserve the fullest patronage of the good people of Launceston, as almost every evening a new drama i3 placed before them, and good dramas too, the best oi their kind ia the lnst'-ry of the stage, namely, ' Much Ado About IxothiDg.' 'As You Like It.' 'A Mid Marriage,' 'The Broken Idol,' 11 Ligomsr.'' ' The Merchant of Venice,' and ' Hamlst.' Considering the r.;ry rapid change o? bill, the pieces are well acted ^ and admirably staged, but in oilr upiuiop tho moat perfect picce of scenic management was that which adorned the production of ' Hamlet ' last evening. The scenery was. indeed, a marvel of beauty, notably, the battlement and Castle of Eleinore and the closet ssene, which are arranged in a totally different way to that hitherto shown in Laun ceston. The gh :ct cf the _ father of ' the melancholy prince ' is re presented in his kingly robes of office, and not in his steel armour, but to our niied the former does not properly represent the appearance of a vision. However, Mr Holloway deserves great praise for the pains he lias taken to have this masterly woik placed on the boards cf the Academy after the style of that adopted by Irving at the Lyceum Theatre, London. Every actor has his own conception of the young uane, especially in iim appoumm-c, we think the representation of him by Mr Holloway was, with the exception of his long golden locks, one of the best pictures we have ever seen. The text was also different, and the change was decidedly an improvement. In the title roh Mr Holloway made a great hit, and received the fullest recognition from the audience. To see this popu'ar actor taking the lead every night in a new drama, and take it well — finishing a week with such a test piece as Hamlet is — proves him to be a man of marvellous memory, extraordinary versatility, and surprising dramatic power, and no man could make such a euccata night after night unless his whole soul was in his profession. We had occa sion to speak of Mr Holloway's Hamlet at great length a few months ago, aud we can add little to that now. It was, take it throughout, a fine impersonation. Miss Essie Jenyns, as the beautiful but ill-fattd daughter of Polonius, Ophelia, played with the utmost Ekill throughout. Her power was so singular and so remark able, and it was the power of so much mental culture, that the colonial stage may well be proud of such a talented lady. The scene where she breaks upon the Queen and Claudius, and in the midst of her mental agony sings snatches of two or three eld songs, was so well played that it can never be forgotten. Tn iier physical fear, where she runs from tha tight of Claudius and crouches at the feet of Laertes like a dove fleeing from a hawk, her acting was so perfect as to make the sight terrible to behold, and the almost demoniacal shriek she gave when she disappeared for ever was such as to make It everlasting in the ears of those who heard it. Mr Norman was excellent as Claudius, King of Denmark, especially in his scene in the fourth act, which ends with the beautiful couplet — My words fly upward, my thoughts remain below ; Words without thoughts never to Heaven go. Mis i Nita Steele wore the robes of Ger trude (Quet-n of Denmark and mother cf Hamlet) royally, and spoke her lines with pleasing effect. Mr Richard Stewart made a very good Laertes ; and Mr Chas. Holloway, in the double of the Ghost and the First Gravedigger, and Mr Harry Hodson ss Polonius, also deserve honor able mention. The remainder of the cast was fairly well sustained. To-night ' Hamlet' will be produced for the last time. 