^ l 1 ' 1 1 111, 1 ill F ,«.„ , vl c(v bleak day on Saturday— and very • n w=ilml—so tlm t t,]e attendance at Caulfield s»te!iinn ' n])0n as eminently satisfactory under bs io < K ' • proceedings opened with a Trial c l ' cu ) 'v,, furlongs, for which 20 started. Tb« n„ir..riii divided premiership honours at4tcl "'V'-PHVI boiDB at 7 to 1, Kitty Fisher at 8s, Master ' ami Honora at 20 to 1. At the finish Honora l R J"ih' „,) i;er back) had them all in trouble, aud usilv bv three lengths from Dufiferin and W0 U 'n luiiii "20sec. Thirteen elected to face the tij0 Handicap Hurdle Race, of a mile and irters an<l as Mr Martin Loughlin's Huntsman of the redoubtable Tommy Corrigan iu I'";, 1 , ] e quickly installed first favourite at 4 to hi" it a Oue^u^land joker named Friction—with a bit tatiou .'though to my miud he has a heap more fri-ms poumrd on bv "those who know, you know," r . ,, j t] lr. Ballarat horse in the betting quotations. '' ' i', vs ^ristides and Roy received support at 5 to li BS also did Whalebone at 6 to 1 and Spartan at 8's, fciii/iiiiiuK a good position all through therace, Whale wlien fairly landed in the straight, came awayfrom rr ]d an(j wou iu a canter by a length and a-half from Time 3min. 32Asec. The favourite was next, 10 whsawa'v Five started for the Selling Race, of six In,icq die betting being 5 to 4 on Stafford, 5 to 2 nstSuccess, and 3 to 1 The Ghost. Three backed, three placed in the order in which they were tod for although Success appeared to be all a a winner inside the distance, Fiddes came with | of his characteristic rushes and won by a neck, The L ijeing three-quarters of a length behind Mr. CdonaWs R hor6fi- Time, lmiu. 21sec. The level dozen Lout for the Handicap Steeplechase, about 2 miles, J from his previous performances and the fact that irusfiu was in the pigskin. Atlas was backed down to i" Roval Oak being next iu demand at 5 to 1, whilst letiueat and lfeticent were at 0 to 1 each, Ruby at 8 to |ui] The Irishman and Promotion at 10 to 1. The purite, jumping slovenly all through, was never iigerous, the result being a victory for Royal Oak by a gth over liubv, who just beat Promotion for second Sours. Time! 4min. 45sec. Then came the bright fticular star of the meeting in the shape of the Glen Dtly Handieai! of one mile and a-quarter and 100yds. I paia their devoirs before attempting to devour rpav; but for money the only legitimate market bastions were with Ringmaster (5 to 2), Bosmond jll.Menntti to 1) and Dauseuse(10 to 1). At the fall he flagMcnotii, Ringmaster and Achmet were most ffflineut, Hosmoud moving forward at the back of the . As they swung into the straight Menotti was at ad of affaire, and although Meteor ani Ringmaster i great effort to catch him the son of Darriwell and pnla struggled with remarkable gameness, and won by fa-length, Ringmaster a neck behind Meteor. Time, l.'iisuc. Auother dozen contested the Two-year-old btapof five furlongs and a-half, Mr. W. C Cooper's feirood (by Maribyrnong—Rosedale) being first purite at li to the other quotations being—4 to 1 Boz, 1 Albert Loddoii, 7 to 1 each Epipurean, Julian Gray I Sunshade, 8 to 1 each Casuist and Dick Swivelier. i Inter is a celt by Swivelier out of Brigantine, and pough lie caiTu d 31b. overweight, which brought him st. Nib., he got home through sheer gameness a iiu afivauce of Albeit Loddon, who was only a;neck iiegood of Kosewood. Time, lmiu. 15sec. !fo kinder-hearted gentleman draws the breath fe than Mr. W. E. Dakin ; but when you read the owiug extract, copied from Monday's Argus, you will O agree with mo tbat tli6r6 are occasions wlicn it Tomes a man (without constituting himself a martinet, i beiieemeth every cavalry officer) to prove to noimration tllat he must be cruel only to be kind. E cxcerpt reads as follows :—" When the race (the w Handicap) was over Mr. Dakin brought under / , uo ' 1 ' ;e of the stewards the fact that, after engaging [ ad Tomiin to ride Damocles, he had been left in the j™' A ? there was reason to believe that no mere Ptoit had prevented the jockey from keeping bis ageraeut, the stewards gave him a severe lesson by iittiityiug him from riding either in races or training oii the Caulfield course for three months." TAKFOKD changed hands after his victory in the ing Kace, Mr. T. Jones securing him for £150-the pic- ot ivhich went to the funds of the club. '^I;,' , f r ew persons begrudged Harry Yeend his MU ™i l , on Saturday. The Darriwell-Romula t it ! U ,n blt P fa "savage" in bis time; but now lie 'pr.L i 111 " down we may expect to see him , b eUer thl «gs than silencing the pretensions •Be-scapabiHties UJaSter in itS6lf meaU test of a ~ Vpifi 1 ' 1 truin raee^orses to win oil the flat, stickV v.",? 11 seemingly pick up a crumb over the a chfinon L , 0 '"'! 1 ° ak ' s victory be but the precursor tor tbe fcs R n \ Kilmany Park squire ; for Bil L L J y has endured quite enough lrom » Fortune for some time past. iichliv V' ^? hoist " iu a recent number of the : ~ " The Kev. Mr. Jen- »ebelonRedt J n tb» ^,. ls ,- a ? ^S^ous preacher, who, t into trouble f C h , urcb m ' « ht P^bably ure one of ti^ hls , blsll0 P. but would certainly to'oursnnvti^ f ole a g e nous of fat livings in the ofkiuK w n e , sentry - He has discovered that the have some sort of a show in the next ®are t to S |w!u!' e V fca i n iufei 'ences of* his'in a recent thelr : e layiug hiuiseif out ^ in a logical conclusion. He 'leut . , 1(11,^vi nr\ arrn.niTfimoiito erand description of the ^i.. 11 1 Me f, n tbu s ] y-' Why, even the horses in l f e S tbe Sw B 0 ii h e Lord " W e read in Revela- •D.aewp] ,^' ^ . se E there. They have been washed v , oi'its in h (!,v ; y^bltl , g else - W e know that there liarni c i y° u? Of course there are. , Elijah P to fiery chariots and sent :h e « the si»)]t nf Passed Samaria, and were sent '' aud the st hi,i„ p J'?l )het and people more than once. ' w -white ^tepfk ;f heaven will be emptied of their carry B ?°»g'reeatioii n', t 11 ed be to come down a n d ' ^ l y lumin, r }\ e ve^om of ^eternal bliss.* Now tl u Ight of us flown vLv,. i seems to have got 5'*udid an, » s ,° far - There is undoubtedly a L tlu e for usvoiidn- ;f , assortment of gee-gees i "Jl 1 1" ihi K - t) \ " weou] y behave ourselves, and is ihe mi Hi, 1 1°? s e«ling-day, as we should do. tll e i'rinco u i al ded "ction ? Is it to be supposed J\ of Ulaukm.v r 11 'George and the Captain and the * tEt of 'em , Jennings and Robert Peck and 'aloft ^ \v,n V < ct thelr i opportunities when they Scl / all toeadow^nf'° °wed e +P e ™. anel magnificent itty to grass white in thoroughl the gem y will i,„ be U, ;' ue a _ ennH u » s ot , ,.„ the , illimitable """"nuio hence iibiico ? c Not i\ot much. muoi). 4 J« I en > you hp , ek k ?pt always in excellent order, & Dic kC 0' Je ,t y °, ur bottom dollar. And will not Z ti 1)s vf wtt,, ^61 '? Wlth scrolls of white samite ^Wledvum l n , ? etters of gold? Can we not 7 wil] gs to wvK ckln S th e quills from his new- And thp[;v? sporting articles for a glorified : 1118 golden t , wandering round the corner '^Pf- t, . and slake his thirst in-but * ua mattei-6ffi^Le" y encb a ' utia S-3 Let me AT Ballsbridge on Tuesday, 29th March, Woodside, the American champion, lowered the Irish One Mile Bicycle Record from 2 miu. 47 sec., to 2 rain. 44 sec. The track was very rough, with a brisk breeze blowing, although the weather was favourable for record breaking. The time was taken by Mr. R. H. Croker, and several other prominent Dublin cyclists were present, one of whom gave the time as* 2min. 44 2-5secs. "Woodside was going for the two and five miles' records during the same week. MY English files contain intelligence that the disasters which attended backers over the Lincolnshire Handicap and Grand National have suggested the idea that the whole body of prophets and advisers should " scratch" for the opening week of the season at least, and take up their parable a few days before the City and Suburban. That genial writer, " Bras de Fer," commenting on the results of these events, says:—"Even the most audacious advertising tipster has not dared to claim Oberon as his own, nor have I heard any trumpet blown over Gamecock. Most people thought, when the handicaps appeared, that Alec Taylor held a strong hand, as he generally does; but when the weather turned out as it did, and reports of a foot of snow on the Wiltshire Downs were rife, who could think of Mantou? I had thought of it, only my thoughts took the direction of Gay Hermit instead of the son of Galopin. The latter did not do much last year, though he ran fairly well in the Cesarewitch, aud made a good bid for victory in the Autumn Cup at Liverpool. We suppose he wanted what he has had—rest, and ran the better for being above himself, as, doubtless, many horses do. I never like to criticise the judgment of a professional man, who, of course, ought to know his own business; but certainly trainerB do make curious mistakes sometimes, and if it is true that Taylor backed Stourhead and allowed Oberon to run loose, surely he made one." It is really wonderful what a short spell just before a severe race is capable of accomplishing—the victories of Blink Boiiuy in the Caulfield Cup, and of Arsenal in the Melbourne Cup to wit. W. GEORGE, the Champion of England, and L, E. Myers, the Champion of America, competed for a Grand International Sweepstakes, of £25(!) aside, on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday. The distance was 1500 yards, and Myers—who seemed to be outpaced all through-gave up 100 yards from the winning post. Two friends, gentlemen BY Jupiter! I thought, as I read "Rowing Notes," by "Visor," last Saturday. What's up? The comments on Mr. Henry Giles Turner, the president of the Victorian Rowing Association, for daring to state that he " highly appreciates the manly and generous course which Mr. Leverett has taken, and which has extracted [I fancy Mr. Turner made use of the word extricated,^though—ED. PUNCH] the committee from a position that would have involved them in differences with many of the most ardent supporters of the sport they represent" were most uncalled for, and not at all up to the usual standard of Australasian form. But they are altogether put in the shade by the attack on Mr. Leverett, where the " black bile of personal malignity" oozes out of every pore. " Visor ' to the contrary, notwithstanding, Mr. Leverett performed a magnanimous and praiseworthy action by resigning his seat; for certain is it that had he not done so, the committee of the V.R.A. would have insisted on his being eligible to row, and that, too, in the face of the dire calamity which " Visor " hints at—viz., "the refusal of the New South Wales crew to meet our representatives." In dealing with New South Welshmen, it must never be forgotten that a haughty claim needs haught reply, and were the case tried, as between the New South Wales Honest Lawyer and the Victorian Wicked Bookmaker. I take it we would have had very firm grounds for sticking to our man, in face of the support awarded by our Sydney- cousins last year to that very curious specimen of the genus ama teur, Mr. W. G. Brett. "VISOR" winds up his paragraph thus :—" I must say many will not be bound to echo Mr. Turner's sentiment." Certainly not. God forfend anybody should be bound to act as chorus to Mr. Turner. But, nevertheless, their name is legion who will be found re-echoing his sentiments. The Victorian crew—Booth (stroke), Bannister (7), Moline (6), Chamley (5), Gowdie (4), Harrison (3), Taylor (2), Ainley (bow)—had a trial spin on Saturday afternoon, and after old Excelsior—(Excelsior means Higher or Upward, or something of that sort, doesn't it ?) well, as I wa6 saying when I digressed, after old Excelsior had given the crew a bit of his mind as to how things should be done-and if he doesn't know how an Intercolonial Eight-oared Race should be rowed, who does V—our boys finished up a row of nearly 12 miles in splendid style. Their boat—the Arthur Blachwood— will be shipped per steamer to Sydney on Wednesday, and as the crew will leave by the five minutes to five overland express to- morrow (Friday) afternoon, they will be enabled to devote a clear fortnight to sound work over the Parramatta champion course. THE first crews of the Public Schools will meet in friendly rivalry on the Albert Park Lake to-morrow (Friday) afternoon. The following are the names of the crews :—Geelong Church of England Grammar School— R. Wallan (bow), lOst. 21b.; S. Bailey, lOst. 71b.; A Tlirner, list.; F. James (stroke), 12st 41b.; F. Anderson (cox.), 5st. 31b. Wesley College—A. S. Johnson (bow), 9et; H. Ham, lOst. 21b.; J. Robb, list. 101b.; J. Champion (stroke), 9st. 41b. Scotch College—A. Hagenauer (bow), list. 31b.; R. W. Aiuslie, list. 71b.; T. A. Wilson, list. 101b.; A. R. Hutchinson (stroke), lOst. lOlh. Melbourne Church of England Grammar School—Manifold (bow), Graham, Teague, J. Mouritz (stroke). MR. JOSEPH THOMPSON, having perused the articles of agreement forwarded from England to bind a match between William Beach and Edward Hanlan, on the Nepean River, has waived every objection, and expressed his willingness to place the whole of the money (£000—£500 the match, and £100 forHanlan's expenses) in the hands of the sporting editor of the Australasian. Beach signed tbe agreement last Saturday, and therefore everything is ready for the vexed question as to who is really the best man to be finally set at rest. THE English University Boat Race, which was rowed on Saturday, 20th March, resulted in a victory for Cambridge, who won, rowing easily, by three lengths aud a-half, although, but for an unfortunate accident, there might have been as fine a finish as that of last year. At Barnes' Bridge Cambridge was: something like three lengths ahead,but Oxford were spurting.with great pluck and the distance between the boats was apparently diminishing. At this juncture D. H. Maclean, who is probably the best performer in the two crews, broke his oar at the button. Oxford stopped for three strokes, and thi6 disaster settled the issue. Neither crew was this year quite first rate; but there is no doubt that the better crew won, and the accident, though regrettable, is not comparable to those of 1877 and 1859. In 1877, a mishap somewhat similar to that which occurred this year enabled the Cambridge crew to come so nearly level that the judge gave the race a dead heat; while, in 1859, a Cambridge crew many lengths in front of Oxford actually foundered in.mid-stream. THE Great Ocean Yacht Race between the Coronet and Dauntless, from Staten Island, New York Harbour, to Roche's Point, Queenstown Harbour, Ireland, resulted in a victory tor the Coronet, who covered the 2949 miles 704 yards travelled in 14 days 19 hours 3miu. 14sec. During the trip very boisterous weather was experienced, and on the night of the 10th March a tremendous sea cameaboard over the poop, and swept along the deck, the chief mate and navigating officer, Mr. King, having a miraculous escape from being washed overboard. For seven days out of the fourteen, the navigating commander, Mr. Anderson, says the weather was worse than any he had experienced in the 174 passages made by him across the Atlantic in steamships. Tbe winds encountered were variable. On the 21st a severe gale sprung up at midnight from the N.W., increasing in violence until 9 a.m., when it blew at 80 miles an hour. The Coronet sped before the gale under canvas until 5.20 p.m., when the wind increased to a hurricane, and, being then in the neighbourhood of ice, the captain decided on heaving the vessel to. For seven hours the gale blew with great fury, and it was not until just past midnight that the captain decided to put his vessel again before the wind and resume the passage under reefed canvas. On thi6 day the lowest run was logged, namely, 38 miles. On the 25th another heavy S.W. gale was fallen in with. It was a revolving cyclone, which the Coronet passed through completely under very shortened sail. On the following day, at 9 a.m., a gale, travelling at the rate of seventy miles per hour, with cross seas, was encountered, and the yacht was considerably knocked about, but behaved splendidly, and rode through this storm as well as the many others experienced, and nothing occurred worth noting to the hull or spars of the yacht beyond a few of her sails being slightly split. The Coronet's best day's run was from noon on the 25th to noon on the following day, when she made 291 miles. The Dauntless crossed the line at Roche's Point at a quarter to 7 p.m. on the 28th March, being beaten by 29 hrs. 55 min. On her arrival off the Irish coast she was unfortunate enough to experience light battling winds and calms, so that although she was only a few miles off the line at Roche's Point it was some hours before 6he crossed it. The weather experienced during the voyage was terrific. Although the Dauntl-ess was liove-to for 7 hours, and her cabin was flooded several times, had she not been unfortunate in meeting the hurricane of the 22nd and 23rd March—during which she was hove- to forll hours—she would have made a better record. It will, however, be seen that she made a better twenty-four-hours' run by thirty-seven miles than the Coronet,whose best record wa6 291 miles on the 20th,while the Dawntless logged 328 miles on the 25th. As already stated, the weather experienced throughout was very boisterous, and it was not until she began to make for the Irish coast that any cessation was apparent. On the 16th a strong gale was experienced, which blew for many hours with great fury aud with a very high sea running. At midnight the captain tried the experiment of lowering an oil bag over the bow. This proved effective and the sea became smoother. On the 17th, 18th and 19th the temperature of the air and water indicated the presence of ice, and the greatest precautions were taken; but it does not appear that the crew actually saw any icebergs. On the 20th some slight accident to the gear occurred, which was, however, made good in a short time. On the 23rd the hurricane was experienced, and at 3 p.m. the mainsail was furled and other 6ails close reefed. The gale increased so much that the commander, for safety, had to heave her head to the gale, which continued until 10 o'clock the following morning, and it was only then that the passage was resumed, and then under shortened sail During the storm two men were washed from tbe Wheel, but were saved by their lashings. The cockpit was on several occasions filled with water, and, altogether, it was a perilous time for the yacht. On the 24th the sea was terribly confused, and the boat rolled so badly that the water-tank burst, The seamen were, consequently, put on the smallest supply of water, and later on during the passage were supplied plentifully with ale, claret, and ultimately chaiujmgue. THE Manchester Sporting Chronicle of the 29fch March, commenting on the race, remarks :—" The yacht Dauntless crossed the line at Roche's Point at 0 45 p.m. yesterday. She was beaten by 29 hours 55 minutes. The enterprise of the owners of the two yachts who adventured their craft iu such a race during the boisterous month of March is to be admired, but the pluck and hardihood of the men who sailed them aud who held on at all hazards through such tremendous weather will be still more warmly appreciated. Whatever be tne merits of the smaller American yachts as sea boats, it is certain tbat their larger vessels are fully equal to our own iu strength and seaworthiness. If the Coronet enturs for the Jubilee Race round Great Britain and Ireland, and encounters heavy weather, our crack yachts will have hard work to beat her." GOOD men and true have the Hothaniitcs ever proved themselves in the football field, and although they have never yet attained quite the top of the tree, it can be solely attributed to the fact that that invaluable adjunct to a team—that little player named Luck—has heretofore failed to honour them with his presence. Their annual contest, with the Geelong boys on the East Melbourne Cricket Ground, every 24th of May, always draws a very large gate, an excellent display of toeball invariably being the outcome of the meeting. More o MR. J. MUNItO, Hon. Secretary of the Hotham Football Club. Photo d an ilie wood by Messrs- Tuttle and CO.'K process. an all-round team than remarkable for individual excellence, they have nevertheless procured specialists —such a6 Tiger Gardeuev, Wal Johnston, Joe Tankard and the brothers Todd—" equalled by few, and excelled by none," and had Hothamites pure land simple played for their district iustead of joining the Carlton ranks —that's in days gone by, when Guy, M'Gibbon, Tom M'Carthy, Tom and Billy Gorman first brought the north-countrymen into the first flight—there can be no two opinions that the respective positions of the two clubs would have been materially altered. In Mr. J. Munro they have secured a most energetic secretary, and a very popular gentleman amongst all sorts and conditions of men. RESULTS of last Saturday's matches :—Essendon, G goals 12 behinds; South Williamstowu, 1 goal 12 behinds ; played on E.M.C.G. South Melbourne, 8 goals 12 behinds; Ballarat, 1 goal 3 behinds; played on S.M.C.G. Port Melbourne, 5 goals 7 behinds ; Williamstowu, 1 goal 5 behinds; played on P.M.C.G. Geelong, 9 goals 18 behinds; Richmond, 1 goal 5 behinds; played at Geelong. Hotham, 4 goals 4 behinds ; Footscray, 4 behinds ; played on the Hotham Recreation Reserve. Melbourne, 9 goals 9 behinds; University, G goals 6 behinds ; played on the M.F.G. Fitzroy, G goals 5 behinds; Prahrau, G behinds' played on the F.C.G. Carlton, 9 goals 23 behinds; St. Kilda, 3 goals 5 behinds. DINKLEDOODLEDM for next Saturday :—Prahrau V. Carlton, on Wesley College ground; Essendon v. Richmond, on E.M.C.C. ground; Fitzroy v. University, at Fitzroy; Geelong v. Williim6town, at Geelong; Melbourne v. Hotham, M.F. ground; Port Melbourne v. St. Kilda, at Port Melbourne ; South Melbourne v. South Williamstown, at South Melbourne. OLYMPUS. 