A Ghost Yarn. For Eeveral days past tumors have been flying about concerninga ghost said to have been seen at the Exhibition, and as usual in reports of this kind the stories have been exceedingly varied in character, The real facts of the case, how ever, go to Bhow that a practical joke was played on a constable, It appears that a few nights ago one of the constables on duty in the machinery hall while engaged going his midnight round was suddenly s tart Jed by hearing a weird voice, apparently emanating from some one in dire distress, crying out, "Give me my leg; give me my leg." This was followed at intervals by deep moans, which gradually grew weaker in force, and eventually died away altogether. The con stable felt sure the cries came from someone who had met with an accident, but he searched in vain for the cause thereof, and as no trace of anyone could be seen, and as he found that the sounds were strongest in the vicinity of the deadhouse at the rear of the machinery shed, he decided that something super natural had occurred, and hastened from the Bpot as fast as his legs could carry him. The next night approached, and the constable not caring to be assailed by queries which he could not satisfy, mentioned the affair of the previous niyht to one of his comrades, and together they performed the round. Sure enough the blood- curdling sounds were again heard, and the " peelers," having no special deBire to make the acquaintance of one of the departed, made themselves a3 scarce as they conveniently could in as short a time as possible. The affair was soon noised abroad, and others whose curiosity got the better of their superstitious fears visited the vicinity only to experience that nasty creeping sensation that people undergo when they instinctively feel that scmething unusual and terrible is about to happen. All sorts of rumors began to circu late. Two bushrangerB were hung near the epot years ago, one of whom died in the greatest agony, and there could be no doubt in the minds of seme that the unaccountable noises were caused by the spirit of this wretched ciiminal. Others felt sure that the crieB came from some party whose corims had been operated upon by Professor Wateon, but one and all voted that there could be no question that the sounds came from some spirit who had crossed the Styx. Just when the fever was at its height the joke was "blown," and it was then seen that scientific and not supernatural forces had been at work. There is in the western annexe a new kind of telephone called the Cluny telephone, and it communicates with a small building immediately to the east of the macbitery hall. When spoken into at one end it magnifies the voice at the other to a wonder ful extent. Now some one connected with the Exhibition, having discovered the peculiar pro perties of this telephone, hit on the idea of working up a good practical joke out of it, and hence the ghost story under notice. It is almost a pity that the cause was discovered so soon, as believers in the supernatural might have been provided with pabulum for several weeks to come. A subscription-list in aid of Mr. Phil Day, the well-known actor, has been opened in Adelaide by Mrs, Thomas Kennedy, who ia staying at the South Australian Club Hotel. The list, showing that about £350 has been collected in the colonies BO far, may be in spected at this office to-day. Mrs, Kennedy returns to Melbourne to-morrow. 