j ! nW TORQUAY <QS / ' 1 > ,4 j BY "TI1E; 6kil/>!", j'- ! -So tlio bffide for registering) births, deaths land marriages, and Which for 30 years tfa's jpi-pved cqilfll toltlio tas.k qf-'dulji blireriitl-l ing everything, in, .tlip.yj-j of ' hatched " !» matolied " and "dospatcliod " is sliut up, ;uuu uiu puopiu ul iurquay-una us vicmiiy, 'from the old resident M.H.A., to the newest arrival, , by ..their "silence .would seeuiLto acquiesce-in tho justness of tho ijqlqise wliich takes from them tho privilege thoy havo enjoyed for so many' years, of doing any littlo registration buBinoBs thoy had to do at homo, aind enjoins an all who in tho future may want to do anything, iii thai- lino, a trip to , Latrobo or. Ijeidejberg. lIfi tlio cstablishiiiontvOf - a registry ollico or the appointment of 11. deputy registrar en- tailod a heavy. o.\\->enso on Goyormucut, tlio advocates' of rbtrqnehinoiit' niiglit see a ghost of a reason for tiiis retrogrilllb'ido'vB- jnent ; but witli a knowledge to tho con- jtrary, itt doos not'- seom hard tluit ' peoplo are to bo put to serious troublo and inoon- venionco merely : to ' gratify the whim 'of some - official or'- other, and it seoms harder still that our member or members slioiild stand quietly by, and, by tlieir,- silence, endorso such proceedings.- Verily .wo' havo much to bo thankful for anilj i't is to ho hoped wc will not prove ungrate ful Blioiild an .opportunity! ocour of. mark ing our appreciation. From tho registrar's office to tho foot path, Bhouid bp only ono step, but thanks, to -, jtlio want, of; energy, and. a total want ,of the spirit of 'fair play displayed by our road trustees, such a thing as a footpath is unknown in . Torquay . Now, this is hardly fair to residents who pay ratos and yet derivo no honofits or next to none from roads. Tlio trusts -in 'Formby and Latrobo make and look after tlio footpaths in tliqso towns, but,. the Harford 'and Templieton Trust is oithor 100 yoars ahead or behind the ago. "Which it is this doppnent' Baith' Lot, but it turneth ,up itsmo'se, '(figuratively spooking) at tlio. idea of making footpaths, and tlio township poople- wado through the sludgu arid mud 'as best' they cari, and look or try to look pleased, - Tho Agnew is at work .dredging away near tho wliurf and is doing her work ro. niarkably w.el!, but -her '.usefulnors .is con- , sidorably toned do\yri by .the' fact tli'ilt iii rougli weather sho caiinot go . outside to disoharge what she'has'grabbed'Mip. This is a serious evil und on'b that "will add'eon?' sidorably !to' the, cost iof any 'work sho 'may he ongaged in, unloss a . ijomedy is found in the shape of a quiet Bpot 'wlioro her cargo may bo discharged ut such tiuios as it might bo iirisafe for 'her to go oiiteido. Thoro are sovorul placos oh tho river wlioro if a little piling was effected a goodly por tion of land liiight be ' foclip'ihofb (and a better scour ostablisheii in ti(q rivor. Ono place peculiarly adapted for such doposit, and very.cQnvchiontly situated, is (rom tho corner of the Esplanade lit Lyon's'' old hotel .to tho shore .opposite.. \Vote,this re- .. claimed it would make ah excellent (own reserve pud' planted . with ;fihrubb.()ry..ii,ud I choice planlB, might easily bo madu a thing I ,„£ bounty and a joy for over. The Court House at Torquay is still to the fore, but for how long, it would be rather hard to say. To think a building worth about £700, should be allowed to go to wreck and ruin through want of a little timely attention to the foundation and roof, is not exactly a reflection likely to arouse feelings of admiration for those who are responsible for such criminal neglect. But qui voulez vous. How can a paternal Government be expected to to think of, much less provide funds for, such a necessary work, when Latrobe creek has to be provided for, and its branch line on which never yet has a bag travelled nor is likely to, must be maintained in working order. Of course a work such as the latter, on which the very permanency of Latrobe depended, (vide Mr Dooley's and other gentlemen's speeches to the Minister of Lands, and Engineer-in-Chief) had to be done at once or ruin—inexorable ruin—would have befallen the Hobart of the North. But they undervalued and underestimated the resources of Latrobe who said so, for the good township stands as firm as ever it did and saving the expen- diture in making the line, has not bene- fitted byt, or used it any more than if it were built on the top of Ben Lomond, still we do not grudge the money that has been wasted there, if we could only get out ab- solute wants attended to in a minor fashion but it is hard and you must excuse a little grumbling on our parts to see one town favored by Government with free access to the bung hole of the treasury cask, while the spigot is rigidly turned off to another equally deserving. 