THE STOBTTELLIB. A 5TEGS BABY. CHAPTS3 I. Is the merry month of May, liST, ihrag- crrjywr-ru'y-i jgsas t^* sitting very close tcees&er; in cs&s; ca-x u' , ag-gosga oc xs ''RrrrcTyfii country house. The? were tst og~t. ssEKiairir ss if kt Oi-ir life, for their work was d^sdmd zo cerra ;£ Jccar jrrrT-'-*g- cesore another week had gone by, & ^urKj 10 sbe »fc?*-~'^g it^R^s- 'witnosx another daughter oi the feocse hasd jsc-ce as & rrvT— ; a SinSe zarc? than a year previously. It was very fine andc&insy; worx wish ^rryrtsraqr ^rseces^oea : Mand W33 putting the ffnjarefryy BQQC&fcS; ul£ EOira ^EEOSOC ilSlST cambric and delicate lace, scefed aod essicsaSecsd uznB zzj bah aches to think of it- a gown wish a vsr?' Iscs; «5±r: saS £ t=s-t small body ; while on the ©srser sa-e o-i see wia-acur Gtks 'k-.es jost finishing a litsie shirt, which in sre *raa * tiattda fee sbs body of the gown ; and Kate was passing s ietnilfcl ptsda of eilk embroidery on the corner or an anacSs ursrah I sm bd&I; 5s called a head-nanneL Up stairs, a large box was already passed sal s-sriiiiE^- mess and some few other additions to iss coniens ere Ir setae cm is travels — and over in Muttrapore. she ob.?2ci of si! sals szxersaccifiie forethought was just beginning to ess her norer. She wa3 quite a girl, and very preisy. wish fair bslr frtningiBg in soft curls on either side of her round yoaog checks asd rery base serene eyes. She vra3 wearing a muslin gown of a pa3e j»ink colour, with white lace about tfee slightly opensd threes and within the wide sleeves. She ate her sonp in silence, which was sot broken by her husband on the other side of the round table. Twice she looked at him in wonder, a3 if it was an unnsial thing for him so be so quiet ' Is anything the matter, Charlie V she asked at last. Hye looked up with a start. ' Oh ! No, my darling ; what made yon, ask T ' Nothing, only that you have been so IoKg without saying : anything,' she answered. ; 'I'm tired, that's all,' he said. Bat he said it with an effort, which did not escape a pair of glittering black eyes which were watching his every movement and expression. ' What have yoe been doing to-day t' ' Lady Marjory came over just after you went this morning — and brought the baby. Such a dear little thing, and takes notice ? already, Charlie. Yes, it does indeed, for it opened its eyes and i fairly laughed at me.' ] 'You don't say so,' he said, with a very fair show of interest. \ ' And how is Lady Marjory T : '? Oh ! wonderfully welL And. Charlie, she declares that there is no such blessing in India as to have a baby — it gives one such ; an occupation. I ' — with a blush and a downward look — ' shall ?, be very glad when September comes.' j ' And 1,' said he heartily. { 'And I had letters from the girls too. The box is to start ? about the middle of this month. And it will contain everything \ I can possibly need for— for September.' j ' That's awfully good of them.' j ' Yes, isn't it ? And poor Maud saya it is so bard not to have : the baby there. You know I told them I should send a portrait ', home as soon as possible, but Maud says what's the good of a ? piece of glass, with a sort of ghost on it that won't ' walk ' - unless you look at it sideways.' She paused, expecting he would ? laugh at the little joke, but no, he was as silent as the grave and i grave as a judge. ^. -. i ' Charlie, I'm sure something's the matter,' she declared poBi- ! tively. 1 He looked up qnickly and answered promptly enough, ! 'Nothing, my dearest, you are very fanciful to-night. I am ': tired and hungry, that is alL Don't mind me at all, but tell me the home new?.' Nothing the matter. Perhaps not — and yet an hour later he asked her to play a game of draughts with him, and then keeping his eyes fixed upon the closed door, he took her hand and said in a very low voice, 'Eva, can you hear some news in silence ?' 'News !' with a startled air, yet in a whisper, just as he had spoken. ' Yes, in silence and without a sound !' ' I think I can,' she said confidently. He held her hand yet tighter within his. 'Call up the heart of your ancestors,' he said with a Had smile, then leant forward and whispered in her ear, 'It is come at last — t/iey have risen at Meerut.' Mrs. Morrlaunt half rose from her. chair, then remembered herself and sat down again ; she looked up into her husband's face with eyes full of fright, and put her disengaged trembling hand into his. ' Risen,' she repeated. 'Oh ! Charlie, what will it mean for US?' . * ??????:. 'My darling, I cannot oay; only— I wish I had died before I brought you out here, I wish I had died first' ' Oh ! no — no — I don't. I daresay we shall be safe enough. Ab Lady Marjory says, it's not as if we were in a Native regi ment We might be uneasy then,' reassuringly. ' Did she say that?' Mrs. Mordaunt nodded in reply. ' When ?' he asked. 'This morning.' ' What aloud ?' anxiously. uq ! yes. l couldn't get her to stop. She paraded about the room and laughed' the whole idea of a rising.to scorn — said she should believe it when it had come and not before. ' It's common eense,' she cried, 'that such a thing couldn't be. Why should anybody want to mutiny, or at least to massacre us ? If — but it's absurd,' she said ; ' what man on earth could want to harm two poor inoffensive little women like you and me? It's absurd on the very face of it' ' '.'.?'?-?-.'? ? ' ' Little fool !' said Mordaunt contemptuously. ' There was a slight noise at the door, and instantly their hands parted, and moved back to the position for playing the game in which they were supposed to^be interested. ' Your move,' said Mordaunt. So she moved- a piece — at random, and her husband followed her ; and Bo.theyfplayed on in silence until the servant who had brought in coffee'lett them alone again. ' 1 wish you were at home, Eva,R he burst out in a whisper of agony. ?;? . ' So do I— with you,' she whispered back.' ' With or without me— if only you were safe. If only I could get you away into peace and Bafety. It will come to us before long, and even if you are safe, I am afraid for the' effects of excitement upon you just now. Oh! if I could only take you home.' She shook her head Badly. 'No use, Charlie, in wishing it I am here, and must stop here. I am not the least afraid, though ~ your news Btartled me for a moment Besides, a good deal may happen before September, you know, all this trouble may be smoothed over and done away with long before then:' 'Yes, that is true — that is true.' What a pluck my darling has!' 'Your darling loves you,' she said, very softly, 'and God will do all the rest ' ' ..... That was the secret of her pluck — ' God will do all the rest',!' Chapter II. ? ) They were heavy and anxious days which followed the arrival at Muttrnpore of the news of the outbreak at Meerut And they were days of silence — silence so carefully observed that men con-' veyed meaning by looks, and made the centre of the deserted barrack-square their place for discussing the times when discus sipn was absolutely necessary; that; the wives kent away from , such «3jsrVs xiscses lest iks? should betray their anxiety and 2set 5 ifcst 3EocaijJ5-^ass *n£ evsmxy: band were the only enter ?texBXDSiiSs 'wiach ispt ra a ssmblaacs saai &U; was weii- - :- '21 xhs eDOM- sanaon sbsre were bet nro Europeans who were ast-ssssesssa ly xbs £s»-ror of d» omss »aich surrounded -rbf^1'.. «n3 -winch eaah icmr &w; ssk: and nearer to them. Tioss two wsre Jack Per^'bsT, of sae BlscS Horse, and hia lorsrr Snde «?£}£, I-a5j- Htoacy. _ But EiJiar carsJess inSiifereacs tocft^rger cia no: last lone, -t or & irssfc or ito *ijsr Treat an s« ca5«y ^aad ss unconcernedly as it ajiy Trsre sr*s35inr a. -vriuierii Cfciirjes, or a season in town : cose2x if-Ti^hTTr ai ^« iiutiicfij h&rrei; of the natives for the -ius cif xbs FsSxadiee as if it tt£s & yyt& : acting like a pair ot SccOs, as ersy an* said, because sbs. roar iinie soul, wa3 so proud *-?? ^y; gtfffortjTt- ^^'^ *™# ^yv^-£ Sirs ind he so proud oi his little ?wiiss oiack sjjS eoazs^a. , , And iasa — ib 2ns 3 it Tnyfr^g -ie br^sfct spring day seem darK £s 1 Trrias siKHrt ii — &ss; ca=ss an aw:nl night, when the suoElQsiimr ±rss of basrsd and discontent needing but a breath TofEstajsnTinxo^fizaes -whose l^irid slare woald light the whole ?s-ccM ts^Ji horror, burst oat inro life and fury, sorfiat the very * ^g-^-p-s of bell -=wrr»f-fi to be jitm; ODan upon the handful of isntisn ' sa)d3ers azsd iesi3ents ; tad i&earst; to fall before that cruel ' watps oi nmrder -sras si« oaas who had feaied it least — Lady Mar ; 5ccr Fargtrhar. Her dsfisai -was ibe Sjst OTrtra^e, bat alas, it was not the last. ? Oh 2 ^sy irere fearfa! sSr^es — timss when men stood shoulder \- to sboalder, iiiud so band, foot, to loot, ready and anxious to dare ' ail fcjr t?w» sTPesi vives t2-ey h*A brought into a land of exile and f«r ifce tender tabes ?wbo -srere thdr nearest and dearest npon all ? jibs g»nTTfri '? The garrison was vesr ireak, for part of the regiment — not at \- ?^«~ Httx» up to its foil srrenciii owing to sickness among botri ofScsrs and men — bad been sent of to succour a still more weak i and defenceless station nearer to Meerut by 10 or 12 miles, and at : -H-hica there ssesoed every probability of a rising earlier than at ; Mctuapore. Sail the men were desperateand the women were i brave, «t»^ they held their own and fought for their lives with an ! obssznase passionate strength which any Eastern enemy would ' have found irresistible had it not been for the aid and help of : another foe (more silent than English caution, more insidious than the work of an Eastern mine-layer, more powerful in its relentless selection than he who won for himself a reputation stained crimson with the blood of helpless women and innocent babies, whose name will be uttered with accents of execration and loathing as long as the English language lasts and is spoken — Nana Sahib, Rajah of Bithoor), the silent, insidious, relentless enemy which we «**U ' Pestilence.' It thinned the ranks of that devoted band — taking a strong man here, a brave nurse there, or a little child unable to fight against these sudden hardships and privations — until they stood no longer shoulder to shoulder, no nor yet even within touch of one another, and yet they fought on, on until ' stormed at by shot and shell,' they could hold their shattered and blazing defences no longer, and iound themselves with no course open to them save to make a dash for the open and try to reach the rest of their comrades at the station 10 miles in the direction of Meerut. Up to this point Mordaunt's courage had not forsaken him, nor yet his hopes. His wife had borne the horrors, terrors, and privations of a dose siege better than might reasonably have been expected, all things being considered ; but when it came %o an attempt to get 10 miles across snch a country through the very heart of the rebel army — why he just sat down and bid his face in his hands and wished to God that he hod died before ever he was born. Still even such a wish as that did not help him— or her— in the least ; there, was 'ho other course for them to take, the attempt had to be made and they must make it with the rest But oh ! how the man dreaded it, dreaded it, it would be hard to say — and it was in vain that his wife roused all' her scanty stock ot failing courage, and bade him cheer up and hope for the best ' Don't worry bo, 'Charlie,' she said, a few hours before the start was made. 'I think' it will be all right, I think we shall get there. After all, it's only 10 miles ; and after all, what is 10 miles? A mere nothing— I've wajked 20 many a time.' ' But not now,' he said in a tone of anguish ; ' and never in an Indian jungle. ' ' Perhaps it won't be all jungle, Charlie,' she suggested.: 'No ? ,' he was going to say ' Perhaps some of it will be swamp,' but he broke 'the words off just in time. 'If I could only carry you all the way there, my darling,' he cried. ' We'll see what\you can do if I gefcrve?y/ tired, ' Charlie;' she said gently, with which he was 'compelled for the time to be content . ..__., ... .. About an hour after thia.'while he with all his comrades were watching anxiously for the thick darkness which would permit their flight from behind their 'defences, he felt a light touch upon his arm, and turning quickly, saw the dark face and gleaming .eyes of his bearer, by name Majid. ' What is it?' he asked, his thoughts flying to his wife at once. ' Is anything wrong ? Does the Mem-Sahib wish for me ?' ' No, Sahib,' the man answered ; ' the Mem-Sahib is sleeping peacefully— but I wanted a word with you, Sahib.' 'Well?' , 'I have been arranging a way of resting the Mem-Sahib; if she grows, very, tired,' he explained, and then displayed a. light ham mock secured at the ends by stout ropes, one of which he passed over his .'shoulders,' handing the other to his master. 'If. I take one rope and you the other, Sahib, it will make it much easier for the Mem-Sahib.' '.!' But— -' exclaimed Mordaunt in astonishment, ' do you prefer to go with us ?' 'Yes, Sahib, I am going to see my lady into safe hands,' said the man quietly.; A flash of memory came back to Mordaunt's mind of the times —many of them— that he had chaffed his young wife for her extreme politeness to the principal servants of the establishment And then he remembered how once Majid had cut his arm rather badly, and that Bhe had insisted on his taking it to the doctor and had inquired kindly after the burt each day until it was .-emLed ,and wel1 » now be realised the value of her kindness, lnank you, Majid,' he said gratefully and with a rush of feel ing which, man-hke, he was most careful to hide. And about an hour and a half later a forlorn and well-nigh hopeless band filed out of the sheltered defences, and creeping between two rebel pickets, got without accident or alarm into the open country. ' Never thought 1 should live to turn tail in thiB way,' growled one soldier to another as they passed out But the man to whom he spoke did not reply, only folded his arms closer about the little tired child which lay sleeping upon his breast ; if he had spoken he probably would not have called the better part of valour ' turnine tail.' u 9 nece8aifcy their progress was very slow and wearisome— they had no horses, or even as much as a ' tat ' among them, all the animals being stolen, or dead long ago. Bravely the women-folk bore up, several plodding steadily on in silence, nerved up to fulfil the task they had set for themselves— that of saving the dear wee tots they had carried in their arms— while the older children Btruggle£ on beside them, each carrying a basket or bag of such provisions as they had to bring. But before they had covered half a mile poor Airs. Mordaunt'a strength gave out, and she was lain to admit that she could co no turther. ,. :. ' ** begg^d'aintlind m6- Charlie'. y°'; 8° on with the otherB,' she fcsSafh^?rtlau?fc had .manaBed to' brine a flask of brandy with h.V?'n *i a?tof a- Preci°«' atore which had done good service ?h» uB*bieiOn£ 8iegeu- He Put * little to uer liptfand beckoned the iMajid to bring his hammock^1, and then they went on once hSin°ntlTng 8Omehow t° Ret slowly on, though it'was ex hausting and very weary work stumbling through tne long grass and jungle four or five feet in Height, soaked through to the sUm bj : the heavy dews, taking each step in fear of the enemy and a ret greater dread of snakes and otner vermin of the jungle ? and h some means, perhaps because of the blask darkness of the niehfr perhaps because ot the delay in getting the lady into the hammock' thev missed the track taken by their party and found themselvpa —a little group of three— in the very midst of what was to thA Europeans an unknown country, swarming with rebels one anH all anxious for thelife's-blood of any Feringhee who might hanDen to fall in their way. *^ They could not get into any village before daybreak which found them close to a grove of mango-trees ha vine a hollow in its midst Here they hid themselves and rested all the day onlv coming out at nightlall to push on once more. ' * ' We are not for from a village,' Majid said, as they prepared the hammock for the lady. 'I think we shall reach it without much trouble, Sahib.' But alas ! before they had gone a quarter of a mile, Mordaunt; slipped and fell, wrenching and bruising his knee badly. ' Can you get on at all,' asked his wife anxiously, ' because I am not the least tired, Charlie, I can walk quite easily, I can I assure you.' ' ''Do you think you can? Then keep tight hold of Majid by the hand, for a fall might be a very serious matter for you,' he answered, ' and I will hobble after you as well as I can with a stick.' So they started once more. With swift sure footsteps Majid passed on, telling her in whispers where to tread and what parts to avoid, while Mordaunt struggled painfully after them, each step on the uneven ground giving his knee a fresh wrench which made him quiver with agony. Once or twice she insisted on stopping to ask how his knee was, if it was very painful and so on, but Mordaunt always resolutely and dauntlessly waved her on, never admitting that he was suffering much, and begging her not to utter a word more than was absolutely necessary ; bo they went on until they came within sight of the village towards which Majid was pressing. ?'Will the Mem'Sahib look overyonder? That is the village I' he said to her in a whisper. With a look of joy she turned back to tell the news to her hus. band — but her husband was not within sight They went back, but he was not to be found ; they went to right and left she utterly heedless of her weariness and prostration and remember ing only that her husbaud was disabled and alone. ' Call !' she Baid to her guide. So Majid called, as had been agreed between them before starting, with the note of a bird ; but there was no reply — no reply save the ordinary voices of an Indian jungle after nightfall - Mrs. Mordaunt caught hold of the Bengalee s hand, her eyea staring piteoualy and her teeth chattering with fear. ' What has happened to him?' she wailed. 'Will the Mem- Sahib keep still f the man entreated. 'I cannot hear.' But he could hear nothing, not even though she braced herself to absolute silence, because there was nothing to hear. ' Majid, he is dead,' she whispered. Bat the Bengalee shook his head. ' The Mem-Sahib must not think of that until we know more. Listen ; if she gets to the village, Majid will put her into safe keeping and come back to find the Sahib.' ' Must I stop there alone f1 she asked, her natural fear gaining the uppermost band lor a moment ' Canuot I go with you?' ' Better not I may have to go back a mile or more. But the Mem-Sahib will be quite safe, for I know the village well.' So she consented to go back in the direction she had first taken, and in time they reached the village, where Majid was evidently known and very welcome. The villagers were one and all very kind to her, making her lie down and have her feet bathed, giving her native bread and rice, with milk to drink. And here Majid leit her that he might go back and search for Mordaunt, whom he believed had slipped or stumbled in the long rank gross of the jangle, and to be lying helpless and probably insensible. But not a trace of him was to be found ; and, not a little crestfallen, the Bengalee turned back and carried the bad news to the Mem-Sahib, who, poor soul, was awaiting him in the direst suspense, and in agonies of fright lest she should'be mur dered by one or other ot the dusky beauties who thronged round her as if she were a fat lady in a show at an English fair. 'The Sahib is not dead, or I should have found him,' Majid assured her. . ' The Mem-Sahib must keep up heart, and when night comes we must make for Budwra.'where perhaps we shall find him.' : ' Where is Bud wra, Majid?' she asked. . ; ' Another village about three miles.from here and off' the main road,' he told her. 'Perhaps one of my people has found the Sahib and bos taken him on there' ;. 'I wish it was night,' said: she, with a tired sigh, and set herself to watch for the lading of-the day. However, anxiety and fatigue notwithstanding, after a few minutes Mrs. Mordaunt fell asleep and slept with the sound and heavy slumber of one thoroughly worn out, fanned by a young native girl to whom Majid gave a handful or pice for performing the office. Majid too cast himself down and slept soundly ; and so the two lay there, neither moving nor stirring until nearly sundown, when the old woman of the house, who had been gossiping at her door about the pretty Feringhee1 Mem- Sahib, suddenly rushed in and shook Majid into a sense of understand ing without ceremony or hesitation. ' Up, quick, quick !' she cried. 'They are coming! Get the Mem-Sahib into that tope of mango-trees. Quick, quick! there is not a moment to lose ! Save yourselves !' It was but the work of a moment for Majid to drag the terrified Englishwoman into the grove of mango-trees indicated by the old woman, happily succeeding without being seen ; and there they hid themselves, cowering down and crouching low upon the ground amongst the rank gross and undergrowth, listening to the fiendish yells and shouts of the Sepoys, who were searching the little village for the Feringhee lady whom they heard had escaped in that direction. But the dusk grew on, the last light of the day faded away quickly — as it does in the East— and the Sepoys were obliged to give up the chose Majid began to think of beginning the journey to Badwra, bo bade Mra. Mordaunt remain in the tope of mango-trees while he went back to the village for food and milk. 'But you won't leave me, Majid?' she implored piteously; 'you'll come back?' ' Majid will never leave the Mem-Sahib until he leaves her in safety,' he said solemnly— he always addressed her thus. So a very weary half-hour went by, during which she suffered a very martyrdom of suspense and dread. For she was wearing a dress which had once been of white cambric, and which even now, although it had been torn and stained and soiled by the ad ventures ot the previous night and the hardships of nearly a weeK of the siege, showed very conspicuously against the dark . back ground ofthe mango-treea. As well as she could she hid herselt among the grass, holding her skirts and breath with equal care, starting and shrinking at every sound, fancying that the rustling of the leaves, the creaking of the bending branches overhead, tue thousand and one sounds which one hears in a grove ot trees after dusk, were the approaching footsteps of her murderers. And then, poor soul, when at length Mujid returned, shemistooK him altogether, and hiding her face upon her knees as sue crouched there, gave herself up for lost and made a feeble enorc to say her prayers. But it was only the faithful bearer, w up nan brought her chupatties and boiled rice, with milk to qrinir. Besides this good meal he had also managed to get a quantity oi long strips of cotton, with whicli he cnrelully bound and banaageu her feet and ankles so that she might tramp through ''e'0'^ grasa and jungle with comparative ease ; and then they set ou ow their three miles journey to Bud wra. Chapter I X X Three miles is not a very long distance .if/lit ia -looked at.froro oqr standpoint— tlmt is to say,' the standpoint of this the eignui Parade of the nineteenth century. With rail or road in good rier and at a convenient distance from our starting-place, a ?niimev of three miles is a mere nothing ; nothing more than a ntter of a few minutes. And if one is in tolerable health nnd wpII shod why, it is not a very formidable distance as a walk : hiit as tha't frail woman went, on foot-^in India, where climate mid custom alike render walking exercise almost impossible— broken down in health and spirits— living in hourly, nay, in momentary dread of a fearful and horrible death— sickened by direst suspense for the fate of him who waB nearest and dearest to her of all the world— travelling, not by road or rail, not with oool and comfortable shoes and stockings on her feet, .but lame and worn and weary, scarce able to keep a foothold and yet afraid lest aught should go wrong with that other life so close bound up within'her own — oh, thinking of all this, doubt not that the three miles which lay between those Indian villages seemed to her a iourney so difficult that it could never be accomplished. But Majid cheered her step by step, steadying her faltering feet and often keeping her from falling by sheer force of arm and will ; and in her brave . heart fighting hard with anxiety and grief for her husband, were two great influences— the mother-instinct strong ns life, and the absolute trust in God stronger than death. After all, it was only her poor suffering body that failed ; her heart, never. Yet they did not reach the village that night, for. several times they bad nlarm3 of the mutineers being upon them ; twice they lay for a long time behind a thick cluster of bushes and scrub, listening to them as they told with fiendish and exultant laughter of deeds of bloodshed and cruelty such os happily; an imperfect knowledge of Hindustani prevented the lady from understanding But she had gathered a little of what they were saying, and, when they had moved off, asked Mnjid anxiously if they had mentioned her husband, heaving a great sigh of unutterable relief when he told her No. And then, when the fright was over, they toiled on again, making but slow progress, for she was completely exhausted and beyond the power of making any yery great exer tion ; so when the day broke, it found them still in the heart of tiie jungle and not even within sight of village or road. Here Mrs. Mnrdaunt remained hidden under a broad-leaved bush while Majid pressed on to the village, in which there lived an old lady with a reputation for a knowledge of medicines and herbs, some to cure and others to charm. Fortunately for the preservation of the English lady's life, this old personage was a prent-aunt of the faithful Majid and he her favourite relation, whom she received with extravagant expressionsof joy and every demonstration of affection and pleasure. As soon on her delight had subsided a little, Majid entered into the business which had brought him there, and on the whole a very pretty piece of work he had to persuade the old lady to take the Feringhee Mem-Sahib in and shelter her, for a more bitter hater of the European race could, not, perhaps, be found in the whole of India. But Majid's influence over the old dame — by the by, she rejoiced in the name of Zee-Zeet — was unbounded,- and after a short harangue he overruled all her objections and made arrangements for bringing the lady in. 'But mind,' she exclaimed, as a last warning, it is only because she has been good to my favourite relative that I do this.' 'Oh, yes, yes, to be sure, he answered. He knew if he once got her unperceived into his aunt's house that the Mem-Sahib would be safe for any time that he thought it needful for her to hide there. For the festive Zee-Zeet had a reputation, which was spread very widely indeed in that. neigh-, bourhood, that it was always best to let her severely alone ; and to such an extent did the superstitious inhabitants believe in the power of her charms and cures that none ever ventured to approach her domicile without various preparations in the shape of propitiatory offerings, and only those who were pretty sure of being in her good graces dared venture to take so great a liberty as that. ' ? .. ? ?„:.?? ??! .'??^-.?:- . ?' :?--? ?*..-.;?.?-- ,-; ?? ? ? .- ? ; Mnjid, therefore, with a well-satisfied heart, went back in search of his mistress, whom he found in what might be termed the last agonies of fright and weariness ; being, poor soul, in that condi tion of body which made him determine to run all or any risks in order to get her into the village of Budwra by daylight, instead of waiting until the friendly shades of evening spread their shelter* ing arms above them. And well it was for her — and for him— that he bo made up his mind, for when at length they reached the safety of the old lady's hut, happily without much difficulty — though several times they were within an ace of running into the very arms of the Sepoys, and all Majid's skill was needed to avoid being seen by the other inhabitants of the village, which above all things be was most anxious to prevent — Mrs. Mordaunt's state was simply one of desperation, and that bitter hour which Charles Mordaunt had so feared and dreaded was fast stealing upon her. To do her full justice, the festive old Zee-Zeet was wonderfully good to her during the twelve weary hours which followed,- in spite ot her hatred and loathing of everything belonging in any way to the Feringhee race ; so the poor fugitive English girl came through her hour of trial, and in the thick darkness which im mediately precedes an Indian dawn, a little girl-child first opened her eyes upon an anxious and woful world, wherein brittle, murder, and sudden death ran riot. Chapter lV. We are all of- us more or less familiar with the awful story of the Mutiny of '57 as a whole — how strong men dropped off their horses and died without so much as a struggle for life — how women in the prime of life died of sheer fright — how fever and famine thinned out the ranks of those who were still holding out against the cowardly foe who butchered little children and help ess babies in their merciless thirst for blood— how the lives of all were in jeopardy every hour, and none who opened their eyes upon the dawn had any reasonable hope that they would live to see the sunset And yet that wee small fragment of humanity, born into the world two months before her time, frail as a snowflake, for whom there seemed to be no place and no room, lay close cuddled against her mother's breast and throve almost like a mushroom ? oi\ a moist September night after the warmth of a bright autumn any* A {wove— ay, and throve apace — fed like a young calf; ute u aljout her with wondering blue eyes (at least, that was what her mother said they were) when she did not happen to be '8|eep which was about four hours out of the twenty-four ; twisted her very wrinkled and scarlet little face into the oddest o r w tioi?a imaginable and doubled a wee morsel of a hand into En 8 iiW1 t-he tautnb outside), and sucked the first of the four Knuckles with an energy which under the circumstances was neither more nor less thun thoroughly 'astounding. But that was lnJ«inow ftnd then- for Kenerally she Iny sleeping the sweet and ?uveiy sleep of babyhood, a dear, wee, velvetskinned person, in«?v!e ,advenfc »nfco the world amply compensated for all the ?notners suffering and privation, who allayed all her fears, and mi iOpnS behind except the nnxiety about her husband. If oniy her Charlie had been at hand she would have been perfectly hpSEft even tHOUK' she had not a second frock in the world for i no* no? ft Pr°Pe* mg ot any kind for the child, who was dressed 2ee- Zeet.nge nrmnSe«nent of white cotton contrived by the festive in'*?,?' Ro?.d old Zee-Zeet'— as the little fugitive lady called her I Lla»t overh--wing gratefulness of her tender heart, and her iBdv hn 18norance of' the fact that right willingly would the old chaste /:',' ''throat and made witch-candles and other hans IL ' clea !l? ltlxe of her body— under the influence, or per tliec»m?i?Ufe' °f her nephew Majid, did more for her than bring for a w«i «nto the w,or.1(l in aafety- She cast about in the village ofafewv, i8Cl ??d. UI'Nnga young native woman with a baby her \m? ™eika °pld JU8fc ?fc the P°int oi death, carried her off to inlUienpft*yd' nfter binding her down to alvrecy with all the into the moo r ev i cye nnd her worse reputation, introduced her heroiiB !Prn?,ence oi th? l.inv heroine of this story. Lucky little ro»«M Ihepoor grieving dark-skinned mother's torn heart went out to her at once, and she cuddled the little bundle of : white cotton to her bosom and shed the last tears of regret for , the one she had lost upon the blonde and velvet-like head of her , new nursling. And alter that, the little Feringhee lady and her i naby had lack neither of attention nor of love. ' I For nearly three weeks all went, well and not a soul guessed j who was so safely hidden within the sacred hut ot the old lady ! with the evil eye. The villagers knew that Corah-had gone there ? alter losing her baby— but then Corah's lord and master was away, nobody quite knew where, being bearer to some great English Sahib, who - had gone up to the hills several months before. And as Corah was to be seen almost every day walking in some part of the village, and had evidently got over her trouble, it was nothing.to anybody if Zee-Zeet chose to have her in her house or she to remain there. So for nearly three weeks all went well and the small atom of humanity throve and grew considerably. And' then Mrs.. Mordaunt, never having heard a single word of her husband— not even though Majid went several short journey3 in quest of 'him or of some other English officer who could carry the news of his'' mistress's safety to the nearest, British camp — beganto fret andworry to be getting back to her own people once more. Up to that time Mnjid had been afraid to take any expedition of more than two or three hours distance from Budwra, fearing lest his old aunt's fanatical hatred should outweigh the power of his influence over her and cause the betrayal of the English lady into the hands of the mutineers — but when the time Gad come for them to seize the first chance that Providence gave them of ? making a dash for the nearest British camp;- he felt at liberty to leave her for longer, periods, so that he might discover the whereabouts of the world, so to speak. He made three of these pilgrimages before he hit upon any authentic information about' the various garrisons in the neigh bourhood, but when he went out for the third time he fell in with a half-caste who was friendly towards the Europeans and' who told; himexactly how the land lay at that moment; who told him| too, exactly how to reach the garrison of SingkOte, and ' finally offered to carry a letter or message there for him. Now Majid was a very wary sort of person, who did not believe in disclosing the hiding-place of his mistress, whom he bad brought safely through 90 much hardship' and. danger, to a half caste who might or who might not be as faithful as he made himself out to be, and who might sell her. to the Sepoys, even if '??' he did not take an opportunity of murdering her himself. ' You've been in the camp?' he said cautiously. * ' Yes, I was there three days ago.' ' Ah ! Did you see any of the English officers?' 'Why, of course, all of them.- I saw Clarke Sahib, and Gre gory Sahib, and the Mem-Sahib ; and I saw Moore Sahib and Mordaunt Sahib too.' 'Oh, you saw Mordaunt Sahib?' 'Why, yes — of course I did. Do you know him?' \- ' I'veseen him,' said Majid evasively. ' What is he like now ?' ' Oh ! very well — he has got over his lameness.' 'Was he lame?' asked Majid with truly Oriental but admir able indifference. 'Yes, he was lame — got hurt in the jungle — lost his wife. Ah! that hurt him. moBt.' v. ; 'Ah! Well, if you are going near SingkOte to-morrow, you might turn in and tell Mordaunt Sahib that Majid is on his way to him, with good news.' ' I will. I owe him a good turn and will do it.' And so the two parted, and Majid returned to the house of the .lively.Zee-Zeet, to prepare his mistress for good news and a move. She was obliged, poor little woman, to have a nice comfortable cry over the baby's blonde head ; and then she tried hard to tell the good news to Zee-Zeet and Corah, who neither of them under stood so much as a word she was saying, in spite of the fact that Corah was all sympathy with, the tear-brimming Bhining eyes; Zee-Zeet didn't want to know, so the little Englishwoman made no impression upon her, therefore she had to content herself with whispering the wonderful news to the equally wonderful baby, who, poor mite; didn't even know it had a father, so was as unappreciative as the others had been before it. And as soon as dusk fell a strange farewell was taken in the little hut, and the party set off. I say strange, because in those times it was strange, ay, more than strange, it was marvellous, to a see a beautiful little fair-haired Englishwoman clinging to a hideous old native hag — I use that word advisedly — as if she loved her. Zee-Zeet was torn by the oddest mixture of feelings, *Bhe hated anything and everything European with the fiercest and bitterest hatred imaginable, the hatred which is born of strong religious feeling, and which maybe seen even in this enlightened and Christian land, not between those who have chosen slightly different paths to the gate of Heaven, but, alas, for. the precious example that lights us on our way, even between those of one church, one faith. So the influence of ' Deen ' tore the old Bengalee lady one way, and the odd sensation of receiving real gratitude. tore, heri another, so that it became very much a case of 'pull devil, pull baker,' and strange to Bay — although Zee-Zeet wouldn't have owned that it was so for the world — on the whole, V baker!' got the best of it. For Zee-Zeet knew, nobody better, that she rejoiced in a reputation which was the very 'reverse of desirable, being in fact just about as bad as it could be; she knew that not a single woman of her own race who had any knowledge of her at all would have touched her with so much ns the tip of one finger, lee alone have flung- their arms around her and fairly hugged her as this little English lady did ; she knew that not', one man, woman, or child old enough to know the evil eye would;; have lifted their eyes to hers, and yet this Feringhee Mem-Sahib, fearlessly and smilingly looked straight into her eyes, and, some how, a thought crept into her mind that, after all, the blue eyes of the Europeans were very pretty. And besides that thought there came also another, one whichjshe entertained grudgingly and unwillingly enough, which was one of admiration and respect for the courage and pluck which feared neither hers nor anybody else'a witchcraft in Ml the wide world. There is no saying what the upshot of this mental struggle might not have been, if the old lady had not suddenly remem bered that since the Englishwoman had been an inmate of the house, several of her decoctions had 'gone bad,' and more than one of her charms had refused to work. Oh ! what/if this Mem-Sahib had an evil eye of greater power thanherown! The very thought was enough to shrivel up the ancient dame with fear and horror, and caused her to hurry on the little lady's farewells with a zeal which was the reverse of hospitable. . Poor little Mrs. Mordaunt was quite upset by this parting from/ one whom she credited with a kindness such as would have filled her own heart under similar circumstances, and set off on her perilous journey with a mist in front of her pretty eyes and a very mconvehienlluinp in her throat. As for Majid, he knew his distin guished relative well, and breathed with more freedom than he had done since he nnd the Mordaunts had set off in search of a haven of refuge together ; for each day he had noted some sign or other/of dissatisfaction or detestation on her very speaking countenance, and all along had been haunted by the gravest doubts lest in' the game of 'pull devil, pull baker' between her evil passions arid his influence over her, 'devil' would get the beat of it, and the end which he had in view be defeated after all. Well, they parted from the festive Zee-Zeet, leaving -.that, estimable but superstitious old person in a state of the most abject fear, for Mrs. Mordaunt just at the last took from rher finger a handsome ring set with a cat's-eyo and two diamonds; and in token of gratitude for the 3afe shelter tind care which she had given her, slipped it, with a very fervent blessing, on to the' old woman's hand. ; ? Zee-Zeet was frightened out of her seven senses and all her witB. She firmly believed that the blue-eyed Mem-Sahib had cast some terrible spell around her. She regarded the thins itself with disgust and loathing, but she was afraid to take it off her finger lest she should find herBelf transformed into u wriggling snake or a water-rat, Meanwhile, Majid had taken the lead of his little party and they had passed, safely out of the most frequented part of the village, unseen except by one small boy, who like Peeping-Tom of Coventry, was spying about where he bad little business to be, perhaps seeking food for his mind, and who promptly went home to his mother and told her that he had seen three demons come from the house of Zee-Zeet, receiving in return advice to keep within doors and hold his tongue, .while at the same time she coujd not by any means resist the pleasure of imparting the information to the potter's mother, who, , after the manner of womankind, no matter whether their com plexions be brown or white, just mentioned it to the wife ot the smith, who in turn told it to her husband, who passed it on to the astrologer, who by the way hated Zee-Zeet with a righteous loathing, as an utterly unclean, but alas, powerful thing, who was too many altogether for his fine science and study. And in turn the astrologer imparted the Btory — by this time distorted out of all likeness to its original form— to the Brahman, who happily did not in any way connect the tale with the Europeans, whom he hated as much as the astrologer hated the festive Zee Zeet. On the whole it was well for the Europeans of that district in general, and for Mrs. Mordaunt in particular, that this young Hindu Peeping-Tom did happen to see the exodus from the old wise woman's house, for the villagers kept away from her, and she. haunted by the dread of the terrible influence of the cat's-eye ring, kept away from them ; and bo the fugitives had an infinitely better chance of accomplishing their journey in safety. ? On the whole they were singularly fortunate, for they fell in with no rebels for a fair part of the distance to SingkOte, and the inhabitants of the village through which they were passing (not, that is, the actual group ot houses near which the hut of Zee Zeet lay, but the whole district or village of Budwra), were, like most dwellers in an Indian village, of a totally different class to the malcontents who raised and continued the mutiny, being peaceful and honest, and with the exception ot the Brahman, not troubling themselves much one way or the other about the Europeans who lived among them. So for the first part of the day all went well. Mrs. Mordaunt trudged bravely on beside Majid, forgetting all but that her Charlie was at the other end of her journey, and that her wee blonde-haired mite was safe in Corah's arms just behind her. She could not help thinking as they pressed onward that she could never be sufficiently grateful to the merciful Providence which had watched over her during these past terrible weeks, which had brought her through her hour of pain and trial, had spared the life of her little frail infant even though Bhe had come into the world two months before her time, which had preserved the life which was of most value to her on the whole earth, and which had raised up in the land of her enemies — the land reeking with every crime of which, alaa, murder was neither the most dreaded nor yet the most common, reeking with the blood of women and helpless innocents — three such tried and trusted friends as Majid, Corah, and the dear old Zee-Zeet. Oh ! if ever this awful rebellion was ended and peace and order reigned once more over the land, how Charlie should make it up to them for the trouble and expense and risk to which they had been put for her ; oh ! what cause they should have to remember the unprotected and helpless Englishwoman whom they had befriended. And then, dear little soul, plodding along with her tender heart flowing over with gratitude, she fell to thinking what she should be able to do for each — first there was Zee-Zeet, the old darling, what should she be able to do for her? Bless her!. Well, she ..didn't ..think somehow that Zee- Zeet was over and above well off. What, ithen, if she got Charlie to settle a nice little annuity upon her? say twenty or five and twenty pounds a year ; that on the whole she should think would be better than any other form of thank-offering, and then the old lady could make herself happy in herown way — which, as Mra Mordaunt admitted somewhat ruefully to herself as she remembered the exact circumstances of their parting, was a way that she hardly quite understood. And for .Corah ? Well, of course there was Corah's husband to be considered. From all Majid had told her she thought he must be a very good husband indeed, and evidently Corah was very fond of him. She didn't quite know what would be the best to do for them— something useful and substantial, of course; and here Bhe turned round and refreshed herself by a good long look at the little blonde head lying against Corah's bosom — she just touched the child's cheek with her lips, fearing to wake it by a real kiss, and then she smiled up in the nurse's dusky face with a smile of seraphic trust and beauty such as is never seen save on the face of a good woman with a pure heart. And then she went back to her dreaming, settling in her own mind how Charlie should reward the ever-faithful Majid. Ah ! well, that would be easily settled, for Majid had had a dream for a longtime, and the little woman had wormed it out of him during her durance in the house of Zee-Zeet. For a well- worn Bengalee it was, I daresay, when looked at from the standpoint of his compatriots and compeers, the desire of. a most depraved taste ; but you see, the little lady looked at the matter in quite a different light, and she thought Majid the most sensible and reasonable of men. As a matter of fact, his dream, was to marry an Englishwoman and keep a tobacco bazaar, where he did not much care, except that he had been to England twice and had rather a fancy for Bournemouth, at which secluded and then very select spot he had passed the greater part of one winter. - -' , So that would be very easy to manage. Charlie would men tion him to the Government and secure for him a full share of any rewards and honours which might happen to be troing, and then faithful Majid should enjoy the fruits of his fidelity and the realisation ot his fondest dreams. At this point Majid, who had been surprised and delighted with the style in which she kept up the march, stopped the little party for refreshment, which consisted of some boiled rice and sweet milk, with some strong chicken broth for the lady, cold but good, which Majid had made during the afternoon and had put up in a bottle for her use on the journey. How she enjoyed it, and munched nice little native cakes — chupatties — ns they rested ; and then, just as they were about to Btart, there was a rustling among the growth of the jungle, a trembling of the tall grasses to the left,, and a terrified shriek, followed by the report of a gun and the falling of some heavy body headlong to the ground. For an instant Mrs. Mordaunt did not know where she . was, nor what she was doing, for it almost seemed to her as if.. Majid had unceremoniously knocked her down. However, when she came to her full senses she found herself lying under a low growing bush, with Majid lying beside her and holding the branches on one side down upon them till they pressed upon the ground. In thia way they lay hidden for two hours or more, listening to the coarse jests and quarrelsome talk of the band of rebel-sepoys which had thus Bprung almost upon their very resting-plac'e. Once only she spoke, whispering into his ear, ' Where are Corah and the baby \'l 'All right,' he answered, and so she lay very still, being per fectly satisfied. ; ' . Personally, Majid was very glad indeed of the opportunity thus afforded him of learning the movements of the rebels. Having shot the wretched fugitive whohad fallen m their way, the Sepoys squatted themselves down upon the ground to discuss mutters generally, and happily they just discussed those points upon which - he was most anxious to be informed. He learnt, among other things, 'that SingkOte was regarded as absolutely out of their power, the garrison being very strong, the health of the defenders very good, the defences impregnable, and ammunition and pro visions inexhaustible. And he learned also that the road to SingkOte was comparatively clear, a piece of information worth more to him a great deal than two hours' discomfort, delay, and a little cramp. Finally,, the rebels moved off, leaving the const clear, and presently when he made quite sure they were out ot sight and hearing he rolled out from under the bush, and helped, his mistress to her feet, ? ? iier ****- cttAyt cc ?shs ipirar -5ea5 -wins* ^ti~- ?□? xrvt- iricn -wiiSE Iksi aanr-l^tr TT65 srj3j —'iTtf'i iit- ~t- i4=r ?x*T-'~^ Vr» 3£-jr5Enis irzmrwad sin oa??3il 32m. ~Zs 5s nm xas SsiSbT'' shs uses' ic £E s-wfrQ 5r2a£L_ _ ... ? _ ** Ciry J3£- — 3X 35 21 ?nn-» IOT_ Ti*'R~Tir IP H TTitrgi tt-£ wru?!1 TTT»fi H£ 'STOEld £t£TS 323HHS£ £ gr-T-Ti-rsr ; ? -f.r» inr xxe 3»anr IUTT-^ ~ZWZ XS& ' ''? iU'«^ 'STxiS 2JEr£ -E.TI-! 5i£ TiT'f *nrr..'i ?' nT--g-~h.T? -WTIITm XtE £D£J£jC3g ? BD~2i£: 322n3jt2S Tnc -rO~£S3 IDT 222 J T^rrnre i»T TTTnTiifc XfcS £UE1D £i£ adessiSsfi, s*n.i ^t-»^ ~-jnn Tt~r-« us a±£suihr es ii* :sd£ Trii-q:- zhz ~vn£h 'wssrE ?££-»?? iia£ Ie^e iaa5eii. JLnd -^wj T^-s. Miirsiarrs. 'vriii- imc iesn peesur nrriaEslT srazzkS, ajdd saa5££l7. ~ MiciicL 'srbsze Ere ?Oansi eh5 ibs i«Ei?'T^ i!h£ Trrjr5s iii5 s^Enstr isfi isr 25s 'wisE £ sd— ss^inii sc ynsrrznr sa»5 irtcrsad «»i-t^v= — *rr,r- ottj inum -^rff idr in ?sas__£r2r- *nOD ?g'Tri'-fh t-ti»- — j^+jAc i&d; rr.'r-CT. T'tvots trryt—x. Tjrn= -Of-ad' *HIzii?i ' TbS ZDDSDST m-.niy-\: £1 15= TiEmr! T-rurr SDS -mrr-Tyr S2SaE5 iiSSSlf^ -d2S^re5£ic3r22rrDS£T2p3i2 ae sfilhisss £il 'ib? isnit; sjih zbeyxDS -C3£3 £'SrE.y gn^ T-T1 WIS OT2BI, OTS US ~^-g ETS^£_: «2*£ TKTlfrTJZl 25j£~X» £32 TJT-g ^ixwu r-iit^TiT lid 'ViR'H-TKTn'rirn f f .Tir-j-wfti-BTnTtim la^asji xz crae E2jaai5r — a ta^sj»sr£S §nesaan aVTrny cun -oc ii-5 sins €ys£ cc tt^* mcraiHr — dhs ?g^s^Iiii isin3siHs^ -of pr;-5cnn»2 and ?cneOTi^ii *^-»*- -mrnirv-rV asad 2»in : eh5 u* ai£ realise a ^s^z ^-er 'CiuIS p:»siinirx cc qotiLc lie jQerdini: s'T'-yrt 'sriach inn a z.sv TniTiiagS stco iatQ raffl iaas idr yg* tije i&si; crass of str^nu?' inssrsd z*f j*zkiz C&rsii;, sad *??«? »-.*- £*&.z sJears ?stiaraj it^Ijcwea^JB-a £©ea «5 asr ?»y.x. ateaiffi vi 1212 csts. 3&s.; 3ilDri£.iiiii ?ag'r''^ ossr xj»ira lass ^;,ni.-^ 7d jx^iti: £ad s^oozi dsTaar. Jar b£lf za iorr she srsjsd i.'tuve^ cnsibed. icpeiese, iaidsiireErT ?scSifeiaiEiatsssnisd'Etsiafss 'So xssesn^it io ?ccunaiiiis *2»s ssmi^fis £2? fnr»5-sr. A iiomS Tnzni -rmrr» wo-mur Z.O JKlSSt^S 2Z2Z, EU2. 52»£ SE3 =V£jimr agTSSJI 32- &sd; £td Hi:*- a -srccuaa ia e drssxn. Gvsld it i-e j»:«sife i±sbi bar Srde -ciild. irlio sad -xoi»e im-3 xha ircEiid ?sriii such ?di3cn|i?% »J3d t-si 'sriio, THr* s swesi 3ws rrysriaE xp in s csksi. lisa i?tt£3 az-d f.rmri- au^ in j^£i& -C-f £13 I2-£ 'En3cn't3T sad ^XiXiShhhtsl S2TTO*ZLZt£ tt»tte 'sras' sous fr^os ssr ii*r €fT€3' 2' ^iz&z; szif; 'stes dci 02J y jryos, Irax is s -vi&3eni deBizi : iur 02 ! liisrs tns xiD^nope of znszpr irocn t--» -srreaEEHS Tr5i2 aad sb^i d-^iirzj lits joar lad vi-o ?aras ijiuxsiiil sad «ntgrrr irader ii-e »iT!«H»-i. i-^i £ Tjir-3 cc s-'» £.ir£j iroca i»£r as «5»e se.1 ! Ob - ?sritJ'T 'wJuj bad aor liie iiisae life -zhhzd anray In psaoe £: ibs old ?sr-c«3ifia'= hat* »Vsy ~hzfzla ii zshts t«eeii =p5ir-&d; oaJy for sndi sa ead ss At»* It yits sarsaj *»:- cro^ v^p hart3, ?fvrair ff rHp exer fcsnrrd bsisslf in bcr Cssriis's arsis ftrarn. she shoxzld 2j£t» so kH ri^r-t of tzH; HizS'2 csuid — hjs wvm — trhozn its itad uerer ssen : laat if saej sb^aid *sc2.x*2 tae x»ssii3 of ^tids ikorrid cohsist' £ad Sts cat iae rest of t^g-rr ?ifg tojsiaer. i&sre; ?wcoild be s leaf ia bar life 'wiick -srcold bave do pitn in bis, a leaf xcmad dcnra sud x»*rrer 10 be read agsia miial ibsr sboald read it topsOysz in ssanuir Aad tbea — ob ! -srbo but God Himself rent ibe ibick c3oad= 2tsnaosr slid Set £ iivji of -won; ai-d boptrf ni 5i?ht iaio ber 30a I T — and tikes a rea-ena5-c'£OOe caaas back 10 her of the «rords sbe bad spoken 10 her aosbhud ihe nizbt they bad first beard ibe ne's'a of *?*» onibreak as Jieerat — '-iod -srill do all ibe rest, CfcarUe.' Te^, Gj-d. -sroold do 2JI sfc* resi. Ob '. ?srbax bad sbe been about not 10 bav» bad & stronger faim, a greater imst ! Snrely. she was not toe one vbose tilth should, be small, she irbo bad been Itrcagm xhsoazh so nanj sad great dsnsers, irbo but that verr dar Sad beard ibe blessed and yjy&os; £evs of her busband's ^deir, tbe dear bosJ-^and -a-boni for three creeks and more she bad znonrDed as dead ! Tiie neir thoagbt pat new life and near heart into her! Sbe rose to bex feet and pat out ber band for Hajid. resolved that come -srha-t -aazjax sbe Taroald not sire in yet. She ?Hroald keep tip heart and pluck to tbe last, tbe Tery last, hoping and believing that tie Foirer vbich bad saved tbe father troald save the child. ' I doni beBere that vrzs Corah,* she said in a whisper ; ' that did not sonnd like ber roice. I beliere sbe will get my baby in safely- I xeel conrinoed she is still aJire — that they are both 6tiU alire. and that it trill be vreU vrith them in spite of all we beard and fear.7' Hajid'e grave face lightened a little. '* If that was not Corah we beard she may set tbe little Baba in safely,' he said, 'In any case, il most be best for tbe Jletn-Sabib to press on in order that help may be sent oat.' So she consented ones more t? pat herself altogether in his hand?, and they set off on their steady plodding tramp once a.'TiTTi. Bat alas, Maj:d did not find that sne kept up as well a3 she had done before ; very soon sbe lagged wofnlly and bezan to sbotr signs of tbe greatest weariness until their steady pace dropped down at last to a mere crawl, a dragging of one sore and weary foot before tbe other. Xo wonder that it wa? so, p--or little soul, for the loss of the child bad taken all the strength oat of her, and, natarally enough, the all waf not a very large store and had been soon exhausted. Bat the faithful Majid cheered her up, ur^ed her on, fed her oat of his bottle of chicken- broth, and half-carried her over most of the roozh places. ' The Hem-Sahib must not ghre in,' he said imperatively. ' If tie Mem-Sahib can keep np a little longer we shall get into camp safely. Those are the lights of Singkote on in front.' She locked, np eagerly, and, sore enongb, on ahead were a few twinkling lights bit dimly risible in the first dawn of the grey morning. ' Is that really Singkote, llajid T ' That i3 Singk&te;, Mem-Sahib,' he answered. ' ? ' How far is it T **OnIy about a mile and a lialf, Jlem-Sahib.' A mile and a half ! It seemed to that weary and exhausted ?woman that he might as well at once have said a hundred miles and a half. 'ilajid. / can't walk a mile and a half,' she faltered. m ' Not quickly, lrat the Hem-Sahib will get there a little at a time — every step connt-3, and we are too near the city now to come to rnnch barm. Perhaps we may see some of the Sahib loge driving or riding presently.'* And enre enough itajid was right, and before they had toiled on for more than a couple of hundred yards farther, a light buggy, drawn by a seedy grey horse and driven by a stont old gentleman in white clothing, approached them from the city. At the sight of Majid's warning he drew rein and asked what they wanted. 'Ia that an English lady?' he asked, peering at the travel Btained figure in the background. ' Yes, Sahib — a fugitive, and the wife of Mordaunt Sahib, who ? ' But Majid never finished that sentence, tor the old gentleman had flung the reins upon tbe «Md horse's back and himself ontot the hussy to the ground. 'Bfy dear lady, what joy for Mordaunt !' he cried, taking both her hands with an air of the oldest and closest friendship. ' Why, God bless my souK he has been mourning you as dead, poor fellow, this past month or more. Why, bless me. he'll go out of his mind for joy ! But get into the buggy. I'm sure you're worn ont utterly — utterly, you must be. But there, never mind, my dear, your, troubles are all over now — you'll be as safe here as in the Bank of England. There, there, my dear, you mustn't cry. You're all right now, yon know — why, you'll be back again with your husband in lesa than half an hoar.' It would have done the little woman good to cry, to shed a regular flood of tears, but she did not altogether give way then : she dashed the few tears aside that had gathered in ber eyes and let tbe old gentleman help her into the buggy. ' Can you make room ior Majid?' she said. 'He'd dead beaten. I believe he carried me nearly all the way.' ' Oh ! of coarse, of coarse — we'll make room for bun,' cried the old gentleman — who was one of tbe old school, and, but for the little lady's pitiable plight, would have seen 'the nigger' 1 ^?^O^te^rLr^^^^^P^1^^* 1 ^s^^^^^rEjiS/bt^be^S iowcc aaas; ^220, ?«==»--« _V^1r -rasft'* So tbe qaeer cm a« sme 5a tie rJiffiraS-roaa. VThy—2o yoa ™* h™ - -gs-ra bscs at*sr ^s^^z&i; ~Jsa olzzz =sn with Want en 2vynxs=a of tie oigjsr's SEpsse. . . _ , -1- ^fr*. Mard-rv,iH *' be exchin^d- ©-=i2r co«ti tne =^?P^ ai?d bdiCTr on bis Sana-; for aU HaropsEsas ^ere a^r^™*% saosEdsys— 'Wiy. Moc-aEaait -sdll =0 cat ox ns poor aistracted T-^n- -wiim T^nr. He's been neirly m&d; for vees-.' _ . , , *^a» S3i=-si os tqqcs sad tbsir exclamsraons o! sarprue had E-uoi: siisa one Enaas of ibe Ui*ck Hose, wbo stared at the zjew-cyrasrs £sr a islnsie In speesaiess astonisoment. \- Goad God * Ms Mordfinai. is thai yea f ne cried, and without fansisr ad»be Jnsr so»k ber in his srnis and save ner hah a dozen 3=is9£5. - Is it reaiir ^a .r be cried- fc Oa : my poor child, yon must hav* isad a iearibSe xkd» of it to chan-e you so. But what ?srill McTdasni- say * H«^ aarb-dr M,}d him t For Heaven s sake -iz- it cnrefsii3T — 6*jn's i^ain it 021 js: ouoe.'7 , *- Yon'd lesser r?a: ^jirds,' a-rae cue sogrestea. Mordaunt s in izje bJiisrd-i'OO'in.^ . . , ,-,,- _, T232= taddsa. JEsnisdisapresrsd in toe dir»ction 01 thebUliard ra-jo, Je&Tins; 'tbe oibeis sail in xae iar?e haiL He lonnd Mor dscnt asleep. _ ** I set, old cbap- be brCTa. ««r-ui Tbe otber sleeping very Iizbdr. voke with a start. in - vbax — snTshing ?srong ?~ be asked anxiously. ~'O~a, ac: nay dsar cbap ! -»aite tbe contrary. Can you bear '' S'*fs ' Yes, of csmse. 'Riiat neTs have you V Poor fellow, be was so firmly convinced of his -srife's death, that he never dreamt tie news coold L«s acytbing 'io him more than to any one else. Eani-s vxfc. bis nza kindly. . „ ** It's sood news, old chap — try and bear it bravely. '? Yes.' ' Yoar -sife's been broasbt in.' . He felt Mordannt cringe and shake, and bis lace grew a sickly greyish-white. ' 1= it— is it ? ' he began, when Znni3 cut him ' Why. man alive, didn'i I tell you it was good news. She's alive — a — live, and as -well a= one could reasonably expect con sidering tbe time sbe miist have bad,' _ ' Alive f be gasped, staring ai nis comrade as 11 he were dazed gz drank. * '* Yes — come alons.' And then poor Mordacnt broke from his friendly hand ana dashed into the hall where */«?* was. And oh ! what a meeting it was — what joy for both — what exclamations and incoherent questions — what an outpouring of unutterable thankfulness to God! And then, in the midst of it all, tbe little woman suddenly gave ?W3V and flung herself upon her husband's breast with an exceed ingly biaer cry. 'Oh, Charlie — Charlie— my baby— my baby — mv poor litile lost baby V So Charles Mordaunt knew for the first time that his little child had been born into the world, and heard all the story of Majid's prudent caie and forethought and of Corah's devotion to that frail life, which, like a little plant that comes up too early in the spring to weather the last storma of winter, had yet had time to entwine its tendrils close and firm about the mother's heart And as the days wore on and parties went ont in all directions in the hope of findine alive the baby of the little woman who had borne so much and who bad come through so many and great dangers, but returned without any success, the mother's sanguine heart began to fail before the horrible fear that she would never see her little child in this world again. Tbe uncertainty was terrible — fifty times in tbe course of the day she said to ber husband that sbe could bear the loss if only she knew tbe worst — if only she knew what the end had been — if only she knew that the end had come, and.that'her babe was not left to the mercy of those demons. Yet four days went by and they bad no news of the babe or nurse, either dead or alive. Otherwise Mrs. Mordaunt would have been thoroughly happy, ior surely never was one little woman made so much of before. Everybody in the garrison, and it was a large one, vied with every one else in trying to do the most for her — the ladies all brought the beat and prettiest gnrments in their wardrobes, and each one of them offered to put their needles at her disposal, so that she might have anything more that she wanted ; tbe men went oat, as 1 said, to search for the child, and bad she wished it, sbe might have had every carriage in the carrison in which to take her daily drives ; and the children brought her flowers and fruit, and one darling tot who knew 'the poor pretty lady was sorry because she had lost her baby,' brought her a present of a terrier-pap, a siege baby like her own. So the days went by — four of them— and on the fourth, towards evening, there was news. It was brought into the Mordaunts* quarters by an excited subaltern, who was one of Mrs. Mordaunt's most enthusiastic admirers, and who had been one of the most indefatigable searchers for tbe Io3t baby. This young gentleman made no attempt to break the news — on the contrary, he blurted oat his errand at once. 'Oh! Mrs. Mordaunt,' he exclaimed, 'I believe they've found it, I do really. A young native woman has just been brought in, found a couple of mile3 out hiding under a bush, dead-beat. She's got a baby, says it belongs to an English Mem- Sahib, but she doesn't remember ber name. It mast be yours.' 'It is Corah! Oh! .where is she?' cried Mrs. Mordaunt, starting to ber feet 'She's over at Forbes's bungalow,' he answered. The mother waited to hear no more — like a mad thing she flew to the place where a group of people were gathered around the new arrival, recognised with a cry of joy the wet-nurse of her child, tore aside with a trembling hand the wrappings which covered it, and beheld, sleeping peacefully, with one tiny hand outspread against the breast which nourished it — a lillle native babt/. For a moment she was too completely stunned by the intensity of her disappointment So speak ; then the sight of Corah's smiling face fairly roused her into fury ! 'My baby! where is she? What have you done with her? What child is this ?' she cried in a passionate voice. 'I3this really the nurse?' several of the bystanders asked anxiously..-. 'Tbenurse, of coarse it is the nurse,' Mrs. Mordaunt answered excitedly ; then addressed herself once more to Corah, '* My baby —where is she ? What have you done with her ? I tell you I will know j' But it was perfectly useless to rave in English at a poor cirl who only understood the Hindustani, and in a moment of less excitement Mrs. Mordaunt might have remembered it. However, her words made no impression whatever upon Corah, who still beamed brightly upon her, and made as though she would luy the sleeping infant in her arms. She looked not a little surprised when the Mem-Sahib recoiled a step ; but then a light seemed to break into her mind, and she burst into a low amused laugh. Ob ! this is too macb,' cried the mother indignantly, with an appealing gesture to the others of the groap ; and then—' why —why— what are yon doing?' she faltered. well, Corah was just unwinding the soiled and dingy cotton wtappings from the baby, and presently two pink dimpled legs appeared, the limbs not only of a European child, but of *r« Mord&nnt;'s very own- OI *«?? There was a little scuffle and a smothered ejaculation - \ then Mrs. Mordaunt fell to frantically kissing thatbabyfinrt »Kd pink European end, then with canal passion the broin^i e end ; and then sbe cried, then laughed, until finally ih\r?5[e began to cry too, mnch after the fashion of babies, who h moat manners and customs in common, no matter whether it' Jf a poor little atom born in a London slum, or the new little tr of Spam in the account of whose christening there wasthK pathetic touch, ' During the ceremony His Majesty DrofcUt~? several times in a loud voice.' protested That was exactly what little Corah Mordaunt did a few hnn later, when, the last traces of her disguise having been wash!*? away. she. amid tbe rejoicings of tbe whole garrison, wasreceii«vi into the fold of Christ, bearing the name of the poor heathen Sri who had saved her life at the risk, ay the double and treble risk of her own. WK« Long afterwards, when the Mordaunts had left India behind them for ever, they heard of poor Corah's death. 'Ah ! Corah was an angel here, she is an angel above now ' cried Mrs. Mordaunt with tearful eyes. ' A heathen ? Oh ? well, she never changed ber religion certainly, but, all the same* I know I shall meet her over there some day. Corah wu very good, really good, and God will do all the rest ;' an arira ment which might not be good theology, but it was very human and in faith stupendous. ? : ? ? 