? iTHJE FEENOE GROWN JEWELS. The French Crown Jewels were Boldly auction, on; the 12th of May. The man wlio knows most perhaps about these jewels is Mr. Bapst, whose father,grandfather. and great grandfather were official jewelers to the kings of France. . With the aid of an article published recently in the Revue des i/eux Monaes ana otnor authentic material, I(a correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette) shall sketch briefly the history of the Crown Treasury. The reconciliation of Francis I. and the Emperor Charles V. was marked by the marriage of the K4ng of France to Eleanor of Austria, and the establishment of the Crown Treasury at Bordeaux in June, 1530. The collection at this time was valued at 3,675,267 f., and included the famous Cflte de Bretagne. Some changes took place in the Treasury in, 'the reign of Henri 11.,^ during which time Diana of Poitiers wore' the diamonds and had them at the King's death. At the instisgation of Catherine de Mcdicis, Francis II. t reclaimed them. 'Among the most valuable in the collection at this timo was a cross of several brilliants, valued then at ovor a million francs, and a superb table diamond which Francis bought for about 900,000 francs. Catherine wore the diamonds when Queen, and when Regent under Charles IX. naturally continued to look alter them. At this period, but for the disputes between two English diplomatists, tho best diamond in the crown *of France would have passed to England. Catherine wished to retain Calais, and offered Elizabeth 120,000 crowns for it, or the best diamond which France possessed, which at that time was the grande table, as it. was called. The representatives' of ' Elizabeth -we're no) 'at, one on the subject, but afterwards took the crowns. When war broke out with the Germans in 1569, Catherine was obliged to borrow a huge sum. of money, and gave the' diamonds in security until the money was reimbursed. During the reign of Henri III. nearly all the jewels again left the country, carried off triumphantly by victors or pawned. In 1588 only one stone remained. ' By- the time Henri IV. married Marie de Mfidicis, all had found their way back, no one knows how, to the royal coffers. This king augmented the collection con siderably. . The famous old ' Saricy,' so called after the Swiss General, who was a sort of diamond merchant for Henri, was then in the collection. Sanoy sold it to James II. of England. This diamond has a wonderful ' history. It has been lost': in the field of battle and in the ballroom. A workman has used it to strike a light with and then sold it for two shillings. ?. Mazarin, with the consent of the Queen of England, took it along with -another historical gem, the Mirror of: Portugal, from the' Duke of Epernon' to whom they had been sold by Henrietta of France. ' The Sancy was sold; in 179*2' ^ and. has not since formed part of the French collection-.' Joseph Bonaparte found -it; in Spain when' he -ascended the throrie. -Notwithstanding all its peregrina tions this stone, once worth more than a million and a half of francs, cannot find a merchant to-day for half a million.'; The Mirror of Portugal, which has been carried inr . the crowns of three countries , may :be' still in the Treasury. When Louis XIV. came to the. throne the, collection' was at its best. Mazarian left him eighteen beautieB, - which he mounted on a grand chain ? to, decorate : his Royal, neck. - In the - collection there was a :fine blue diamond,': which; is now in the possession.. of; Mr.. Beresford Hope.u , The; collection remained7 the same : until i Louis rXV. ? was king, , in 1722, ;?. ,'. when , ?', Claude v ' ^Rondo., ;.- mounted, the \7.fainous ;,;coronat'ion: ;crown, ichtfaded by '. a''1 flucr..s-;de . u Us -v'the -J. .central point I. of-, which was ? formed byrthe Saricy...' .The, magnificent' Regent' was then, added' to the stones.; The Duke of Orleans bought it from Pitt,- the Governor of Madras,!- for: two.-and a- half million, francs. It was: placed in the' centre of Louis's headband.. Marie Antoinette one. day, wishing to appear., as dazzling as pos sible, bedecked herself with- nearly all the: Royal diamonds, so that . it was' impossible to disinguiBh which was- the Queen and which the diamonds. . This brilliant' array: had such a fatal effect on the king that: but. for the intervention of his council he would have made a present of the whole set' to her Majesty. Then came the: great. theft. In 1791, when the collection was guarded in the Treasure House, the diamonds were quietly smuggled away under the noses of the National Guard. The thieves; scaled' the house with ropes and- ladders and carried on the work of pillage for four or five days, until all that remained of 25 millions of riches was only worth 50,000 francs. Several persons were executed for the theft,- but the. real thieves probably escaped unhurt. The deed has frequently been attributed to Danton and his colleagues. Some of the treasures were found at once. The Regent was after wards discovered in 'a wine shop. Until' Napoleon became Emperor the jewels be-: longed to the nation. Under Napoleon the collection was considerably increased. He had the Regent fixed in the hilt of his sword.- In 1814 they were carried off to Blois by Marie Louise, but were remitted to Louis XVIII. in . 1815. During his reign no changes were. made in them, ex cept that/ he! presented Wellington with a Cross of the Holy Ghost, valued at 65b,OOOf . AIL the stones were remounted for the coronation crown of Charles X,, and con tinued in, the same until 1854. i During the Republic of 1848 they were considered national property ' and guarded in the Louvre. -Since 1815, M. Bapst said, the ;jewels; had. remained pretty much* in the same condition. ? :.' : 'They' were' remounted at- different i periods,-' . he added,; ' and in 1870,-were placed'- under the rcare of M. ; Eouland, j ... (|-it.-.v;:i«i-l..:l , :i:;..H ?-: '.-?-!! ': .V/ '.-;.:. I ,';.lV,i ?-.y.u^'.-.ni;:';'. .?,;?'. 'ii : ?' . ?!,;?.?„! :..n},\ Governor oi the Bank of France. ' In 1875 they were placed in tho cellars at the Ministry- of Finance. My father estimated them in. that year at twenty -one million francs. It is difficult to say how much, they are worth to-day. Their intrinsic value has certainly diminished; but I should not like to say for instance, how much the Regent is worth.' The estimates of the Gorernment Commission varied from twelve to forty millions. The Regent, whioh M. Bapst considers the finest stone in existence, weighs 13 6 J carats, but oxignally, before Pitt had it cut in London, it weighed 410. It is absolutely free from flaws or stains, and is, Jas Saint-Simon de scribed it, 'a brilliant inestimable and unique in the world.' Next in importance in the collection is the -iawftlcd sword of Louis XVIII., one of the finest pieces of taste and workmanship ever produced. There are two diadems, known as the Russian and' Grecian, two nmuds (knots), and the grande rtlsille all mounted by the late M. Alfred Bapst, . which must also be preserved. ? ? ' , Then' there is the 'C6te de Bretagne,' a ruby of 200 carats. It was first mounted in a necklace, and had the form of a Roman A. Catherine de Medicis had it set with nine pearls. In 1588 it was value* at 600,000 t. It remained in the Treasury until 1749,wheri the CroWn jeweler mounted it in the order of the Golden Fleece. Gay, the -engraver ? of Mdme. ? Pompadour's cameos, gave it the form of a dragon holding the toison in its mouth. Nobody knows how the 'Cote' came back after the theft of 1791. The enormous official documents of the Revolution which would clear up this and other matters are still lying in the Archives and at the National Library unclassified*'! and uncatalogued. 'This was one- of the ? stones, which was dnrtTTlftll Tiv t.lio- HnrnmiflBinn ' AV\a'o»'Tro(1 'M' . Bapst, 'and probably their exist others equally important1 which they have mistaken.'7 ? There is not room hereto note all all the blunders whiqh.M. Bap3thas de tected in the Reports of the Commission. The Commission, he says, haB only found seven Mazarins out of ten which they say were left. : But Mazarin, according to his will and the inventory, left eighteen in stead1 ; of- ten.- : : ' One thing which the Government ought .to consider,' resumed M. Bapst, ' is that ariiong the jewels are 600,000 f . - worth which belonged to Napoleon- 1. personally.- He bought them with his 6wri money, and was always credited with the sum. - ;If the- diamonds are sold then 600,000 f./of '? the proceeds ought to go to iNapoleon's representatives. Napoleon JII. having renounced all re clamation on the subject of the confisca tions of 1814 and 1815, the- present repre-. sentatives of Napoleon are, according to the terms of - his ? will,; the officers and soldiers who ' fought for the glory and in dependence : of the nation: between 1792' and 1815.'? ? :,, :j. -,; ,,;, 