SOME. SIMILES 'The child of the past and the parent of the future' is not unhappy simile for the present. Happiness has been likened to a ghost ; all talk about it. but few, if any have ever seen it. Ambitions ladder rests against a star, remarks a clever writer, who tells us that a proverb is a short truth sandwiched between wit and wisdom. Eloquence is a coat of many colors judi- ciously blended. No one thing will make a man eloquent. Flattery has been termed a kind of bad money to which our vanity gives curreney. Society, like shaded silk, must be viewed in all situations, or its colors will deceive you. Kindness is the golden chain by which society is. bound together: and charity is an angel breathing on riches while graves have been poetically called tim footsteps of angels. Language is a slippery thing to deal with as some may find when selecting their similes Says a certain writer - ' Speak of a man's marble brow, and he will glow with conscious pride, but allude to his wooden head and he's mad in a minute. The young lecturer's similes were gathered i in a heap when he expressed the whole body of his argument on deceit in the fol lowing: I 'Oh, my brethren ! the snowiest shirt front may conceal an aching bosom, and the i stiffest of all collars encircle a throat that has many a bitter pill to swallow. It has been truly said that the abilities of i man must fall short one side or otheri like too scanty a blanket when you are in bed : if you pull it upon your shoulders you leave your feet bare ; if you thrust it down upon your feet, your shoulders are uncovered. The man, we are told, who, has not anything to boast of but his illustrious ancestors, is like a potato-the only good belonging to 1 him being under.ground. A man at dinner in evening dress has been likened to a conundrum; you can't tell whether he is a waiter or a guest. A Yankee describing a lean opponent said. ' That man doesn't amount to a sum in arithmetic-add him up and there's nothing to carry. An American critic in reviewing a book said : The rythm sounds like turnips rolling over a barn floor, while some lines "appeared to have been measured with a yard stick, and others with a ten foot pole.' An amusing illustration was given by a parent when asked by his boy: ' What is understood by experimental and natural philosophy ?' 'If anyone wants to borrow money,' he answered, ' that is experimental philosophy. If the other man knocks him down that is natural philosophy.' Curious and comic illustrations seem natural to many children. A little girl, suffering from the mumps,, declared she felt as though a headache. had slipped down into her neck. ' Mamma,' said another youngster, allud ing to a man whose neck was a series of great rolls of flesh, ' that man's.got a double chin, at the back of his neck.' A little.three-year-old, in admiring his baby brother, is said to. have exclaimed,-' He's got a boiled head, like papa.' Talking, of curious similes-amongst the southern languages of India is. the Telogoo or Telina, so. rough in pronunciation that" a traveller of the nation speaking it before a ruler of Bokhara, admitted that its. sound resembled ' the tossing of a lot of pebbles in a sack.' A simile for scarlet stockings is firehose-laughter is the sound you. hear when your hat blows off-and trying, to do. business without advertising is said to. be ' like winking at a girl in the dark.' An unpoetical Yankee has described ladies' lips as the glowing gateway of beans, pork, saur kraut and potatoes.. This. would provoke Marryat's exclamation of ' Such a metaphor I never met afore." Much more complimen tary was the old darkey's neat reply to,a beautiful young, lady whom, he offered to lift over the gutter, and who. insisted she was. too heavy. 'Lor, missy,' he said, ' I'se used: to lifting barrels of sugar.' Wit from a ian's mouth is like, a mouse in a hole; you may watch the hole.all day, and no mouse, come out,. but by-and-by, when no one is. looking for it, out pops the mouse and streams across the-parlor. SMarrying. a woman for her money, says a philosopher, is very much like setting a. rat-trap and bating it with your own finger.. An American writer say : 'A man with one idea always puts me in. Smind of an old goose trying, to hatch out a. paving-stone' An editor's simile of man's career- is sum-. med up in the lines.:- - ' Man's a vapor -full of wos, starts.a. paper, busts, and goes.' 