PUT ASUNDER OS fcADY CAJSTLfcMAINtfS DIVORCE Bv BERTHA afc. GliAY» CHAPrER XLYIII. ftEGMON* She nWBnt to taiy herself from all her old associates,—to live ft new life, forgetting the old ;and she determined, the better toeffect this purpose, never to apply to'her b&nkers.; Sh» hoped to gain sufficient -experience whilst iady-norse to fit her lor a responsible port >n finyEnglish hospital, so that ,. When her tnaney was exhausted she might not be withbut'resowees. Then ®he went on to tell how In the busy, •eventful <days, the long and quiet nights, ber conscience would not he silenced, and how she knew no peace until her heart togan to soften end her firide'to treat. Ijong hourstbey sat together^ they ibad -so mnchto 4eH*-so much to «onfessand the moments were laden with •sttish tender love 3-*-bt»w «oald they f part? , And Doctor Merrivale ^considerately I spared Sister Magdalen, although the i<men in her "ward tnummred for her land watched. the door each time it I «peeed, hoping she hatfl <come. I A fortnight after, Rudolph and! |<Gertrude—with Mrs. Macdonald, a; sister of Doctor Meriivale—stood to-1 gether on board <he 'Ciyti^ watching. he.ffist-receding shores. Tie doctor! urouil have had the marriage celerated 5n the little Egyptian town, odnndei- his own WJperViBion J bttt ; ^ord <3astleoiaine negatived that proposal, saying that he wished to prove his contrition to all Jlayfeir. It was in England he had wronged his wif €|t_in England he would confess and rectify that wrong. So, as the doctor advised a speedy return for the •sake of his health, he would accept ftbe advice and tftart by the first vessel. ' Then Gertrude had visited the ward „nd wished all the patiettts good-bye, bad received the hearty congratulations oi her fellow-workers, and started I with Rudolph aud Mrs. Macdonald for llfee nearest seaport. She was to [(travel under the latter® charge, and I -on reaching England, at once td join |fcer TOtft&er; until the preparations for I trer mavriage were -concluded. The voyage; though inngp was a t pleasant one, and it seemed both to 1 Gertrude and lord Castlemaiiie that r the -old, happy days of their wooing J Siad returned. Each was changed. I mentally and physically >, Rudolph I had aged ^considerably, and Gertrude's > bright beauty had taken ft pensive I catft that would never leave It again 5 } the pride which had been a tnutual fault was how subdued and it was no , >Jonger a straggle for supremacy be ? twees them, hut a noWer rivalry—1 striving after unselfishness and j Mobility of soul, which oould result in ; solhing but'good for both. , Lady Craven'e town house was I ablaze with lights j servants. flitted to land fro, laughing and talking gaily, I seeming to feel their labour light; the i windows were open so that heir ladyship might be the first to hear the ound of carriage-wheels. She paced 0 and fro, to and fro, anxious and impatient. Hark? What was that? .Surely, in the fat distance, she heard (the faint rumble of returning wheels 1 She leaned Irotri a window and looked out, there was the glimmer of lamps. ~ad Gertrude come at last 1 Nearer .ad nearer came the lights \ her heart beat fast and her face grew white. The carnage was quite close now. .Would it pass ? No 1 no! it was stopping— it bad stopped at her own door 1 pPFith one wild, low cry of joy she feprang away from tho window and pushed downstairs to meet her child. Until she saw, her mother, Gertrude's heart had felt some lingering resentment towards her, but she could hold ut no longer when Lady Craven J»ew her arms about her, and kissed Ind sobbed bvfer her, praying ber forliveness, humbling herself to the very lust to her long Iqpt child. | Then Rudolph claimed ber attention, for Mrs. Macdonald was looking »ery weaiy and very much die tnp 5 and when the excitement had somewhat subsided, the ladies separated to press for dinner* In the midst of her nilet Gertrude was aware of her bother's presence. She turned to her jvith a smile. I, * Why, mamma! how noiselessly yon entered.' Lady Craven suddently sat down ad burst into teats. ' What can you .think of me, I, your own mother,'to be the first to cast you off, to speak such cruel ' words to you f . • Don t think any more of that, ' mamma; let us make a compact now ; never to mention,it again.' 1 She knelt down by. the weeping | woman and encircled her waist with (her arms, Let the dead past bury Us dead,' he said, Wiling. "It is enBugh-ror, me to be'horte once more and to know hat 'yoa love me.' • «1 do-^-t dp indeed 1 Gertie, lm a hallow woman—yes, I am, and it's useless to deny it, Wit 1 do love you with all the power of which I am : r capable.' , * I know you do, dear, although I've been so long learning it, * Can you forget that I placed your greatest enemy where you should have been—that I delighted to honour her, first in a spirit of malice, but afterwards because Bhe really won ma to her?' , * I shall not forget, that is impossible, mamma, but the memory will no longer give me pain. Now we will speak of Isabel flyde no more; she haB sinned and she is suffering > let her est*. . . Her face darltenea as we spoke, but hen she heard ! Rudolph's step -outide, the tranBitoty «lot»ds vanished arid; kisBifiglffw^jr "her' Mother's tenrs, hey went down together. The next day preparations Tor the econd marriage began. It was ertrude's Wish-that it shemid be celebrated in a'quiet fashion at Neath, but she deferred to Rudolph in this as in all other nnimportant matter? now. He longed to make her what reparation he could for his past wnjust snspicious, and to show the world how proud and'glad he was once agrfin to claim her as hisown-. So, very nearly at the dose of the" season, they stood before the alter of St. Geoige'si the chorch was thronged with a goodly company; the bridal party, richly dressed and all Apparently moRt happy, were grouped about the bride, who was pale and a tittle -tearful because of old memories; but people said that her loveliness gained by that touch ot sadness, arid that Lord Castlemaine should esteem himself a happy man to win such a treasure a second time. No continental tour followed the marriage,—Gertrude objected to it, saying life with them was to be 'one long honeymoon,' and the did not wish day by -day to be reminded of the past and the mad folly which had wrought so mach misery. They went to Neath Abbey, and Were . met there by enthusiastic villagers, who remembered Gertrude's bounty gratefully; and so, through a long procession of cheering, smiling rustics, under triumphal arches end to the music of bells, they came attest to heir own home. On the hall steps Lord Castlemaine paused and, hefore servants and friends, kissed his Wi fe, saying, in resonant tones, 'Heaven furgive me if ever I cause you one hour's pain T Then he led her into the houwe which his love had made so fair for her. White roses bloomed in every available spot and corner; the scent of them met my lady every turn. When Mre entered her boudoii the same sweet fragrance welcomed ber, and Phoebe stood waiting her. * Gh, tny lady! my lady V said the half-laughing, half-crying little thing, blushing prettily. * I believe you are glad to see me ba«k, Phoebe,' Gertrude said, with a mile. 'Glad ! Oh, my lady, that word is too poor to tell what [ feel!' A month later, Lady Heather and Gertrude walked on the terrace together. « After all, Gertrude, I was as bad as the rest. I condetnned you.* 'But yon fitied roe;' Gertrude answered quickly,'and yoti were kind.' ' I wonder what Isabel Hyde thinks of this f Lady Heather said. 1 She is such a ghost of herself that we'should not recognise her.' * Don't speak of ber, Diane; I have not yet learned to think forgivingly of her.' . Lord Castlemaine stole up behind them. " Treason, my lady,"—treason 1 That is a tabooed subject. He caught his wife and, turning her face to him, kiBsed her, whilst the love in her heart iound reflection in her beautiful eyes. And little Lady Heather said to herself,:— , • They are very happy now,—- Heaven keep them so always I' THE END. & DON'! DIE IN IHB eousit.—' Rough on Rats" clears out rats, mice, beetles ouches, bed-bugs, flies,nnts, insects,moles, jack-rabhite, gophers. Moses, Moss & Co 4, Sydney General Agents: FLIES AND Boas', beetles, insects, aches, ants, bed-bugs, rats, mice, gophers, jack-rabbits, cleared out by " Roughon Rats, 7id. Moses, MOBS & Co., General Agents, Sydney. : Yoc CAN BE HAPPY if you mill stop all yoiii; doctoring yourself and families with expensive doAtars or cure-alls that do only harm, and use Nature's simple remedies for all-you- ailments, you will be well and happy and save great e*pensive, The greatest-remedy for this, the great wise, and good will tell you, IB Hop Bitters, See 