Our Servants. Mistress-" Good gracious ! why, Babette, what have you been doing with this chair ?" Servant maid-" You see, ma'am, the cat kept going on it and tearing the plush; so I spread some mustard on the seat, and now she lets it a-be," did not spring into existence in a night. They are old familiar landmarks. They have existed in the same places, peacefully breeding typhoid germs, for years. No fierce ligt of oriticism was let in upon them, no complaints were made about them; till, touched by the vivifying sun, the germs bred within them went forth to do their appointed duty and play havoc with the census. How was this? Everybody who knew anything-everybody who posses sed even a rudimentary organ of smell, and most people have that much-knew that these ancient rottesnesses would, if undis turbed, breed death sooner or later. No ghost of a typhoid victim was required to come from the other world to tell them this. They knew that fatality waits upon filth as surely as that night follows day. Why, then, all this affectation of surprise and horror at the outburst of typhoid now? It is merely another Anglo-Saxon character istic. The only inference to be drawn from the present panic is that the people who are making the most row have no direct dislike of filth as ?ilthl, but only when considered in directly as the cause of disease to themselves or their own particular friends. Further, they are callous. The next street to them might be depopulated, and they would not take any interest in the fact (if they were sure of being safe themselves) other than as a subject of conversation. It is only when the skeleton hand knocks at their own doors, or conies so close that they feel the damp smell of the grave in the air, that they rouse themselves and reandthe welkin with howls for vengeance on the Municipal Council and the Board of Health, and everything and everybody they can think of. Their son or daughter, or dearly beloved relative, is at tacked by the disease, and they think that the entire population should rise as one man "It'e a. good place. and' you'll find our people all right. We odon't put on any great amount of style, nor don't aim to. Here's a pair of pants I have worn for over ten years, though I'm worth fifty thousand pounds." "Ah ! Um !" muttered the stranger ;:" but it 'was a clothing factory I was thinking to start here." 