LADY DENTON'S LOVEKS. CHAPTER IL BY ATHA. Master Fred was some considerable time cogitating ere he answered bis kinsman. Perhaps ne required time to gather together bis scattered senses, or may be he felt shame to confess the foolishness of his prank. " Uncle," said he. In pathetic tones, " you have always treated me with the kindness of a father, and I am sore yon would not cause me a serious sorrow." *' Not the smallest sorrow, boy," answered the other kindly. " Well, then, give me your word never to mention tc any one a single word of what has just happened. Remember, if you refuse, I am quite capable of taking my own part." Jack Holgrove laughed. " Pray, how old are you, sir ?" he asked, with a shade of irony. Fifteen last May." " Upon my word, nephew, it is time yon were married! Then you would have more han your own part to take." Ah! I shall never marry, uncle." " No ! well, there's plenty of time. Why do you wish me to promise, Fred ?" " Because," replied Fred, "if Lady Denton knew I had been frightened—as yoa were pleased to term it just now—she would laugh at me from morning till night." vVhat of that, boy?" " Everything, uncle ! Lady Denton would call ice a coward. She hates a coward; I have heard her say so twenty times. Bather than she should hate me I would kill myself." The smile which was lingering on Holgrove's lip now suddenly disappeared. " Von are very anxious about Lady Denton's good opinion, Fred?" " Who would not be so that possesses a soul ?" cried the boy with enthusiasm. " She istso beautiful, so witty, so sarcastic; so charming when she smiles, so terrible when she ridicules. Who has such large, dark eyes, such lovely teeth, such a graceful figure, such a heavenly voice, such a"— And you are only fifteen, nephew ?" We were speaking of Lady Denton, sir!" " So we were—or you were, Fred. L»dy Denton is a roost fascinating woman. I have known that a long time," said Jack, gravely. " Had she any thing to do with this strange freak?" " You shall hear, uncle," said Fred, as they walked along towards the \Dell.' " Yoa know the Colonel's household do not retire early. There is whist, music, and story-telling. Last evening the conversation turned npon ghosts. Colonel Hampfield related an adventure he onoe met with in India. Then followed Captain Vandome—a tall fop, whom I dislike for his swagger and his bounce, and insolent airs. Handsome Vandome—as they call him—told a marvellous fable, in whicn he acted the leading character. I had nothing to tell, being—as ne once told me—only a schoolboy; but as it did not suit me to appear dazed by his 'crammers,' I took the liberty of turning his so-called adventures into ridicule. He sneered at me in return, and dared me to go alone to the bushranger's hole. Lady Denton was looking at me with her malicious smile, which I dread so much. I saw she wanted to put my coarage to the test." Youaccepted the Captain'e/shalleuge i" " Yes! I was to proceed, just as you see me, and sing a song over the bushranger's grave, and carry back with me a piece of that old wooden cross." "Avery pleasant joke, upon my word," cried Holgrove. " I started off on the moment, and heard behind me the Colonel's gruff voice, the mocking laugh of Captain Vandome, and Lady Dentona 'don Jour.' fiy-and-by those sounds faded away, and then there fell npon me and around me a deep silence. In vain I listened, in the hope of hearing some friendly sound, but there was not the note of a bird, or the fall of a leaf even. In spite of my resolve to appear jolly the intense gloom of silence began to affect me. All the ghost stories I had read came back to my memory without an effort. Long before I reached the hole a nameless dread had taken full possession of me, but I fought against it, and partly succeeded in the effort when" " When you saw me, and took me for the shade of Jack Boomerang, eh, nephew!" "X had no power to think, uncle. It was like a dream. " My Lady Denton is still the same as ever," answered Holgrove, more to himself than to HIB companion. "Thoughtless, wilful, and exacting; following no law bat her own pleasure, and no rule but her Hhima. What a pity !" Uncle and nephew had been walking slowly forward towards the " Dell" during Fred's recital, and they now halted simultaneously, for they perceived a light moving towards them. "Is this another ghost?" enquired Holgrove. "They are in search of me," answered Fred, with a quaver in his voice. " Uncle, do not forget your promise." " Have no fear, boy. If they question me, I will give a good account of you." " I do not care for the Captain, but cot a word before her, I implore you." "Before her! This young schoolboy is familiar," the man of 35 cried within himself, inwardly displeased with his kinsman. "She has bewitched him. At his age, more than at mine, it is excusable to commit follies." In the meantime the light they had seen bad drawn nearer, and soon they coold distinguish several persons advancing towards them. A servant carrying a lantern walked foremost, behind him Colonel Ramptield marched with military stride; then came Lady Denton, wrapped in a long shawl, which she had drawn over her head, and leaning on the arm of Captain Vandome, who was laughing, and, as it seemed, endeavouring to amuse her. "Halt! Who goes there?" shouted the Colonel, in a stentorian voice, as the parties approached. " Two apparitions instead of one," replied Holgrove. " ISh ! Surely I cannot be mistaken ! It is oar old friend, Holgrove!" cried the Colonel. Bnatching the light, and examining his visitor. " My dear Jack, how are you ?" Holgrove returned the old soldier's friendly grasfj, then bowed silently to Lady Con too, who blushed slightly as she recognized rsiir. "Captain Vandome, Jack." A mutual curt bend were exchanged between Jack and the Captain. seeing taking bis friend's arm. "I thought you" were still In New Zealand. Do you know you have been knocking about for more than three years, and never once put your fase this way ? bat we wQl talk of that by-and-bye ; at present we have a phantom-hunter to question. Frederick Raymond, advance to the front, sir!" The Doy advanced with a military salute, and presented a chip from the wooden cross. " Bravo t" cried the Colonel, laughing, "You have passed the ordeal with honour." " Is it really from the bushranger's hole,'' cried the Cagtain. "Perhapsit may be only a fragment of brushwood," returned Lady Denton, with incredulous raillery. "Lady Denton '." cried Fred, in an offended tone. " Kay, don't be angry," resumed she ; " I am willing to believe you have scrupulously accomplished your wager ; but confess, you were much friehtenad.' " Fiightened, madams : I, a Raymond ?" "Yes, your RaymondBhip notwithstanding. The more BO as vou are blushing," she continued, with relentless mockery. " 1 blush to think that Lady Denton should doubt my words," responded the boy. " I rei«at, this is a fragment of the old cross from the bushranger^ grave—ask my uncle. Jack Holgrove, answering his nephew's pleading look with knowing mischievous sideglance, said gravely—" To render homage to truth, I must declare that Frederick behaved bravely. I believe few lads of his age would have won their spurs in such a dating manner." "Since Mr. Holgrove chooses to be re- , sponsible for his nephew's courage, it will be in future an article of faith for us," Lidv Dentou quickly rejoined; " Mr. Holgrove is too clever and distinguished a personage in aflairs of valour for his opinion to la:k weight." Tliese words were so full of ridicule that a man without a notion ot irony must have detected in them a desire to offend. Bit Jack only smiled. " Vou flatter me, Lady Denton," he replied, with a sort of satirical modesty, "bat I cannot accept your praises in earnest. Far from boasting of heroic bravery, I must confess that when I saw my nephew I was very nearly beating a retreat." " A gbost would have had less terror ior you, sir, than a bushranger, perchance," said Ladv Denton, laying strong .emphasis upon the iast word but one, and an if drawing allusion to some circumstances known only to the man whom she addressed. " Bushrangers are not plentiful, Lady Denton. Besides; one {may not fear those desperadoes every day," returned Holgrove, with a glance which changed, no doubt to annoyance, the jibing humour of the Colonel's daughter—for, instead of continuing the conversation, she resumed Captain Vandome's arm and turned aw*y. It was very late when they reached the bouse. Supper was prepared, after which there was music and chit chat," until the Colonel gave the signal to retire by lighting his bed-room candle. While the Captain, Fred, and the Colonel were grouped together, Jack approached Lady I ten ton, who was closing the piauo. " l.itiy," he said, in low tones, and with a privity in whkh m iavoluntiry emotion was evident, "Give me credit for faaving caliad here unaware of your presenoe." Vou are highly flattering." " Understand me. Lady Denton, I should not have come if I had thought of meeting you. Say but the word, and I will depart in the morning." " I am in my father's bouse and not at home," she answered haughtily. "Here, I give orders to no one; it is you, sir, who ought to know whether your visit is becoming or not." Then she coldly bent her head, and taking leave of her father and guest left the room. " My Lady Denton, you are very charming, no one can deny that, but you are without soul," muttered Jack Holgrove, as he unrobed for the night. " Heigbo, my lady, you are angling for the Captain, and when you have got him on your hook, let him look to himself, that's alL For myself, I'll to rest. Sleep sharpens the wit, they say; and I feel sure I shall require sharp wits indeed to fence with you, my Lady Denton." 