CAPTURE 0F. A CIURCHYAlRD GHOST. R1OENTLY ghost alarms have been very common in the Patteries and adjoining districts, and considerable exditemcnt was caused one night, after 11 o'clock, by the mysterious movement of a figure, clad in white, amongst the tombs in Shelton Churchyard, near Hanley. The nocturnal visitor was watched by a large crowd, who com pletely blocked the adjacent thorough. fares. For some time the "ghost" was permitted to conduct his piculiar perambulations unmolested; but ulti. mately two members of the crowd, more daring than the rest, mustered courage enough to approach the figure. A closer inspection convinced these persons that so far from being the shadowy, ethereal spirit which is said to have visited other churchyards in the district, the ghostly visitant of the burial ground was a really tangible body. The snow-white figure displayed much uneasiness on the approach of the two active men, whose measures for its captore were not to be circumvented. Flight was useless, and dissolution into thin air impossible. So Edward Hauptmann, a corporal in the Hanley volunteers, had to quietly submit to the unpleasant process of being led into the crowd he had done his best to terrify, and afterwards to the more disagreeable experience of being lodged in the Hanley police cells by Police Constable Smith, to whom he was handed over by his captors. The operator had secured a woman's night dress, which, being too small for the accommodation of his somewhat portly frame and commanding figure, he ingeniously held before him, expanding it by his arm, and by this means he succeeded in his practical joke. He was taken before the magistrate on Tuesday, who, 'considering that he had been locked up all night, and that he had suffered some maltreatment from stone-throwing on the previous night, discharged him with a caution. A telegram from Tientsin, says that Li Hung Chang has formerly opened an experi mental line of the Decauville railway. The ceremony was a great success. In the village of Kilmaurs, near Kilmar nock, Scotland, the record of th, parochial board shows that taking 20 out of the whole number of 64 on the roll, and of whom 15 reside in the parish, the united ages are 1569 years, and the average 78A years. Taking the first 15 the united ages amount to 1225 years, or an average ort 81 years each, and coming to the oldest 10, they reach the great age of 837 years, giving an average of 831 years. A party of armed and disguised Moon lighters entered the house of a farmer named Gleeson, of Lyraucroumpane, near Listowel (Ireland), and demanded arms. They were confronted by a girl of the house, who tore the mask from the face of one of them and dared them to shoot her. They then discharged some shots into the house and decamped. Mr. D. A. Bannerman, aged 29, of Glen corse, Swinton Park, and a member of the well.known firm of H. H. Bannerman and Sons, merchants. Manchester, has died through injuries received in a singular manner. Be and several gentlemen were in the baths of a Manchester swimming club. of which he was a member, when he joined in some good-humoured play with towels with a friend. Mr. Bannerman was drying himself at the time, and, getting the worst of the play, ran round the bath, his friend following for a short distance. Mr. Bannerman slipped and fell heavily against a wooden partition, and his knee caught an earthenware spittoon, cutting it badly. His friend at once raised him and sent for a surgeon, and he was taken home, where he died a few days ago, the primary cause of death being the injury to the knee. An in quest was held at the deceased's house, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. The Bartholdi statue of Liberty in New York Harbour has been illuminated for the first time by the Lighthouse Board. The result has only been accomplished after great efforts, the statute having been left in darkness since the dedication. The light supplied is of low power, and this fact causes dissatisfaction to all concerted, ex cept the navigators, who object to a bright light at that point. The death is announced of MIr. Charles Fmrancis Adams, who held the post of United States Minister to Great Britain from 1861 until 1808, and acted as arbitrator in the Commission to settle the respective claims of Great Britain and the United States, arising out of the Civil War. 