Eight Hours DSy. Bejoice, ye men of noble mind, On this our anniversary, Of eight tours labor — well defined ' The New South Welshmen's nursery.' Bejoice, ye men of sturdy toil, Exponents of trne labor ; On physical or mental ' soil/' Be all in all the ' neighbor.' Of ' capital,' which, as a part Is ours to hold, and strongly Maintain its worth in every mart — But never use it wrongly. For sturdy eons in labor's cause Must ever be commended, Who toils ?with capital and laws, Of equal rights appended. Bejoice, brare men, onr vicfc'ry gained In glory shall not perish ; For other's rights are well sustained,. And hence the day we cherish. Our eight hours day of labor stands The third part in controlling The twenty-f eur hours God commands For mankind's day and calling. And eight hours honest labor done Is surely deemed sufficient, For labor 'neath a *' broiling sun.' What more can be efficient. The son of toil that longer strives To wrest from Nature's order, Is like the ' capital' that drives ' The ghost of wilful murder.' An eight hours labor in the day, With mind and muscle striving, Is quite enough for ' mortal clay/* At best, to keep on thriving. Then why such 'neighbors' in the fight, Whose rest and recreation' Is but ±he glare of lurid light, And tyrant degradation. The men that toil (?) and longer hours ' Hang on ' with ' minds ' that hover Around the extra money powers Of ' systematic over,' Whose greed and selfishness aspires With ' slavish lust ' to ' scarf them,' The willing ' tools ' of tyrant sires, And 'capital' of serfdom. Avoid such men — they hurt our cause— And those ' in life' that lead 'em. They thwart the course of Nature's laws And intellectual freedom. But yield the hand, the willing hand to eight-hours honest labor That ' capital' may proudly stand' Our country's ' sword and sabre.'* That thousands now deprived of work May share with one another, The privilege we dare not shirk In yielding to a brother. While ' capital and labor' -can To common ueos striven, Acknowledge in the working1 n?an An eight-hours ' virtue' given. Eejoiee this day both young and old In glory to our -nation, Whose thirty-second 'story' told 'S an eight hours' demonstration.. Unfurl the banners of our trades And labor's organising — In glowing tints of varied grades To pleasure's realising. Artistic tokens of your skill Show forth with pride, illuming The mighty worth and sovereign will Our eight hours day's assuming. The handicraft of mortal power — The reflex of 'our own world' — In manhood's worth majestic tower Beneath our banners unfurl'd. Let noble manhood brave and free, Assemble in a body Tliis day, that all the world may see The opposite of ' shoddy.' That sterling worth may fora time— The thoughtful and the 'gritty,' The .'bone and sinew/' raised sublime. Parade our noble city. October 3, 1887. Bab. Scott. 