MR. SPUR(EON',S SECESSION. A further London telegram informs us that " the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, the cele brated minister of the London Tabernacle, who has determined to withdraw from the Baptist Union, in consequence of diver gence of views in doctrinal questions, refuses to continue in the union at the expense of giving up his belief in the doctrine of the atonement of Christ and in the personality of the Holy Ghost. He justifies his belief in salvation by faith and in the doctrine of eternal punishment, which some members deny." It seems that Mr. Spurgeon's withdrawal from the Baptist Union is in reality of much less moment than might at first be inferred. The union (says the Argus) is only a voluntary association, possessing no power over the congregations, and a minister who is dissatisfied can at once re sign, even though his dissatisfaction may be based on mistaken grounds. MIr. Spurgeon is disgusted, because the Baptist Union has not taken steps to rid itself of any member who may be infected with the newer views, or to raise a protest against the decline which he observes in the Congregational body. The Union may not have seen any development of heresy within its own ranks requiring a Coercion Act, and it was not called upon, at the mere bidding of Mr. Spurgeon andon the strength of his assertions, to hurl words of warning and rebuke at other denomina tions. It may be presumed that Mr. Spurgeon's assertion of ministerial hetero doxy-notwithstanding his commanding position and powerful personal influence would be repudiated by those preachers on whom he would fasten the aspersion. They would deny that any vital departure from the faith has taken place in their teaching. The change-and a change is now surely working-is one rather of attitude and of dogma, and against this change which is wrought by the spirit of the age it is vain to contend. The lBaptist Union would have acted unwisely to break up the churches over minor doctrines simply to maintain the antique uniformity which Mr. Spurgeon desires. The Rev. Allan W. Webb, a prominent pastor of a Melbourne Baptist Church, stated his views to a representative of the Melbourne Daily Telegraph. He said his impression of Mr. Spurgeon's attitude was something like this: The meetings of the Baptist Union are now being held in Sheffield, and lie expects Mr. Spurgeon has sought to have some emphatic pronunciation on the part of the Union which would exclude the few men who would depart from the tenets of the Evangelical religion. The union had evidently declined to become rigid in its rules in order to satisfy Mr. Spurgeon so lie had withdrawn from it. The probable ultimate outcome of the secession will, it is feared, be the formation of a new denomination, and in that case the rev. gentleman would undoubtedly have many followers. It is stated that quite one-third of the Baptist ministers of Eng land and Wales have been trained in his Pastors' College, and would naturally throw in their lot with him. As the churches of the southern hemisphere are presided over mainly by ministers from the same alma mater it is presumed they would follow suit. 