PUBLISHED EVBEY WEDNESDAY AND BATUSDAY MORNING, SATURDAY, AUGUST 0, 1887. WEDNESDAY'S MEETING THE publio meeting held here on Wednesday night was not large, but it was unanimous in condemning the proposal of the members of the House of Assembly to pay themselves. As is being done all through the country, the eleotors of Mount Gam bier ac cepted the view that at the late election members came forward for and were chosen to fill an honorary office. As candidates they did not suggest that they would vote them selves salaries, nor did the eleotors suggest that they should, In now proposing to do bo, if not aotually trying to break a covenant they are at least, in the publio estimation, trying to commit an aot of spiolation, Nothing new was contributed to the indictment again Bt the would*be spoilers, They wore simply told in MBgttRgQ tbftti must R)0W QQ antly familiar that the electors were dead against them in the way they bad interpreted their duty as to the Pay ment of Members Bill, and that if they wished to regain the respect of their constituents they must keep hands off the public treasury, They might pass a bill to pay their Bucces sors; not a bill to pay themselves. The Bill has passed into a new phase. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday the Hon. R, 0. Baker took the objection against it that the necessary forms had not been complied with to enable the Council to discuss it, He contended that it involved an amendment of the Constitution; and if so, that it should have come uf> from the Lower House with a certificate that all the technical requirements necessary in initiating such a measure had been complied with. Such a cer tificate was not attaohed j conse quently (said Mr. Baker) the Council could not discuss it. The Chief Secretary was not prepared to meet this objection, and the President of the Council said ne would require to look into the matter before giving an opinion, It was, therefore, arranged tuafc the disouasion on the second read ing should be adjourned for a week. What the upshot will be is still open to speculation; but- it would be a matter for regret if.tbe Bill were not dealt with on its merits. The electors have given evidence of their hostility to the Bill as it stands, but they would, we think, rather see it floored by a direct vote of the Council than by a technicality. However, the delav will serve a useful purpose. The Bill was rushed through the Assembly at suoh a pace that the electors really had no time to grasp the position and give expression to their views till the thing was disposed of j the stoppage in the Council will afford the needed interval for them to speak out. The country is now fairly waking up, and before the voting can be taken on the second reading members of the Coun cil will be in possession of pretty full evidence of the strength of public feeling regarding the proposal of members to vote themselves salaries from 1st July, 1887. The proposal to urge the Govern ment to transfer the telegraph-offioe to thepoBt-office building, and not the post-office to the telegraph-office build ing, did not meet with approval at Wednesday's meeting. This was not altogether because those who voted against it did not approve of the idea, but rather because they did not wish to take up an unreasonable attitude towards the Government. Economy ib the order of the day, and it was felt that there waB not sufficient ground for urging the G-overnment to an expenditure of several thousands of pounds on one building when there existed another in the immediate neighbourhood amply sufficient for all that was required. What private individual, or what community of itself, having a well situated building like the telegraph-office, with all the accom modation necessary for the work to be carried on in it, would go to a large expense to add to another which would not be made any better by tbe outlay P There were two fatal objec tions to the Mayor's suggestion. The post-offine could only be adapted for the combined post and telegraph work by considerable outlay j the telegraph office, as it stands, is amply sufficient. Under the circumstances, even were the citizens to fall in implicitly with the Mayor's views, there would not be the ghost of a chanee of getting the transfer carried out. We should simply get credit for being unreason able and captious. It is better, there fore, to accept the inevitable gracefully, The few stepB further that business people will have to go for their letters will not be a serious inoonvenience 5 and by-and-by it may be discovered that there are compensating ad vantages. The suggestion, that the objection as to the expense whioh would be involved if the post-office site was adopted, could be got over by putting the telegraph-office into the old build ing now temporarily used as an Institute is simply ridiculous, That tenement did duty as a telegraph-office in the early days of Mount (jambier, but was abandoned 20 years ago for the present building. It waB after wards used, till condemned, as a post office. Hip Yan Winkle would hardly have proposed such a retrograde step aB going back to such a shanty, The building is in the last Btages of decay. It is interesting as a memento of tbe early days; but the best we can wish it is not its re.occupation as a Q-overn ment office but its speedy removal. It is an eyesore in our Btreet archi tecture. 