A MAN Flit ALL THAT. A great public meeting waa held in New York on Sunday, July 10, at which Fm her M "Glynn defied the Papal ex-communication, and said:-"I learned under the very shadow of the Vatican thal the man who ?ins against bia conscience sins against the Holy Ghost, and if any power on earth, even thoogh it be bim who Bits enthroned in the Vatican, commands a man to do or ear aught against his conscience, to obey *-ve» that power were to sin against thc Holy Ghost. If it were in their power as it was once thank God it is no fonder-they would im- prison the truth tn dungeons and martyr it at the stake in the persons of those who through no fault of their own read Gods truth in tue facts of society, in the strata of the earth, and «pon the skies, lt ie a notorious fact that religion is vanishing in every part of the world. Men are being alienated from the Church, particularly from thc Catholic Churoh. Nowhere is the Church more hated than ira the so-called Catholic countries. The effort to obtain a Papal representative at Washington is quite in keeping « itli the same policy tn*it bas lcd tho Pope to send two Italian prelates to Ireland. An English noodle of a Catholic lord, the Kari of Den- bigh-and you may always mistrust English Catholics, especially an English Catholic Earl, to outdo any protestaut in his hatred of Catholic Ireland-saya the Pope told him not merely of bia great esteem and affection for England, which is well enough, but of his great desire to be of use to England. Of course bc could be of use to England if poor Paddy would bc submissive, and obey the Pope's bidding in political matters. Why an alliance between the Pope and the English capitalist would be worth millions to the latter. It would bo money in their pockets if they were to buy tbe Italian prelates of the Pope even at £100,000 a bead. The best way to get anything from the llouian machine is to show your teeth rather than bc too bumble. Priuco Bismarck sud the Czar understand this. The Pope ÍB delighted at a little concession from them. The l'ope has actually fallen in love with Prince Bismarck. Prince Bismarck is flirting a little with the Pope. They have got as iar as exchanging pictures. Men who have fought for Catholicism have been slapped in the face hy- the Pope to please Prince Bismarck. So loug as thc Catholics let thc Itomau machine of which thc Pope i s thu mere puppet, do this, that mucliine will ubc l'addy iu Ireland and the Connan Paddy and Ainericau Fad-ly as pawns on the political chessboard, to bc Bold out at any time for what tiley eau get iu return." 