FUNDAMENTAL TRUTHS. WHAT CHRISTIANS OUGHT TO KNOW AND BELIEVE. BT RET. S. M. BBAKSI, S.J., PBOFKSOB OF THEOLOGY IN WOODSTOCK COLLEM. 1\. The mystery of the Blessed Trinity; that is, that there is but-One God, Creator of heaven and earth, and that in God there are three Persons, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, Who are all one and the same God. 2\. The mystery of the Incarnation; that is, that the Son of God, the Second Person of the Blessed Trinity, became man, was born of the Blessed Virgin Mary, who, therefore, is trnly the Mother of God. 3\. The mystery of Redemption; that is, that our Lord Jesus Christ suffered and died upon the Cross for onr sins. " He is the propitiation for our sins, and not for ours only, but also for those of the whole world." (1 John ii. 2.) 4\. That the sonl is endowed with understanding, and free will, and is immortal, that is to say, it can never die. 5\. That God will have all men to be saved, and come to the knowledge.of the truth. And that he who created them without their free co-operation will not save them without it. 6\. That it is appointed to all men once to die, and that at the moment of our death we shall receive from God reward, or punishment, according to our works, and that we shall rise again with the same bodies on the day of judgment. 7\. That the good shall live forever happy in heaven, and that the wicked shall be punished for ever in hell. 8\. That without the help of God's grace we can do nothing meritorious of eternal life, and that the graces necessary for salvation He refuses to none, 9\. That there are seven Sacraments, and all of them have power, from Christ's precious blood, to give grace, if no obstacle is put to it. 10\. That in the Sacrament of Penance, by the priest's absolution, given to truly repentent sinners, by the authority of Christ delegated to him, the sins which were committed after Baptism are forgiven. 11\. That the Holy Eucharist is the true Body and Blood of Christ, Tinder the appearance of bread and wine. 12\. That there is a Purgatory; that is a place distinct from Heaven, and from Hell, wherein are for a time detained the souls of those who, dying in God's friendhip, did not fully satisfy His justice for their former transgressions, and that these souls can be helped by the prayers of the living. 13\. That an Indulgence is not a license to commit sin, but is a releasing of temporal punishment, which often re mains due to sin, after the guilt has been remitted by the Sacrament of Penance. 14\. That we are to honour relics, crucifixes, and holy pictures, not ab solutely, but, as they relate to Christ and His saints, and are memorials of them. 15\. That the books, both of the Old and New Testament, as they are authoratatively proposed to us by the Church, are sacred and canonical, and must, therefore, be accepted and revered as the inspired Word of God. 16\. That the Church of Christ is One Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic. That there is in the Church of God an infallible teaching authority, so that" he who hears the Church, hears Christ" That there is in the same, a communion of all holy persons in all holy things; that we communicate with the saints and angels in heaven as our fellow-members, and can ask for, and be helped by their prayers, as by our brethren on earth. 16\. We should also know the Lord's Prayer and Hail Mary; the Apostles' Creed; the commandments of God and of the Church; the Sacraments, and the Acts of Faith, Hope, Charity and Contrition. THE Daily News, in an artiole suggested by the dinner given by the Federation League to the colonial delegates, says:— " Mr. Deakin is an excellent speaker, and the oolonists generally speak muoh better than we do." " UITOKE the title " Besehonwiagen over Iceland " (that is " Considerations^ Ire land") Mr. Austin G. Oates is writing an able series of historioo-politittl artioles on the Irish question in the pages o< a Flemish Oatholio paper, the QatetU van Thiclt. M. Lssesps, interviewed the other day by the correspondent of tbe London Standard, spoke positively of the Panama Canal beinj; finished in the promised three years, and took oooasion to correct the report that the oanal is to have intersecting looks. H« declares that it will be an open line of water from sea to sea. THE Queen is reported to have sent £2 to a woman in Birmingham who recently gave birth to three children. PjfiBBONS who suffer from sleeplessness should use WOFIJE'S tioHXAPfs, and they w.ould eleep well. 