THE ESSAYIST, THE ANTIQUE WORLD. "Oioi VVV Bporot tltTl,—JJOMEIt. " Such men as lire in these degenerate days." —Pope's Translation. That a halo should Test on the bygone days of individuals is prononnced by reason to be not unnatnral or fancifnl, and by ex perience to be so frequent as to preclude sur prise. The lapse of time rounds off many angles, and serves to account for much that appeared hateful, and sometimes to justify much that provoked. "The miles that blow from the hills where my childhood Btr&yed1; (writes the poet in his manhood and the maturity of his genius) "seem to Boothe my weary souL " Yet the happiness of school days is very questionable. There is the sense of injustice strong and vivid in boyhood, and the nurture of memory by the keen sim plicity of every perception. Scorn is rapid and intuitive, contempt takes deep root, and the impressions of ridicnle never fade. In deed, ridicule is oft the schoolboy's substi tute for revenge; he mimics the tyrant whose cane has galled hiB back, and rejoices amid the laughter that crows around him, that he is blending with the dark haes of hatred that surround the brnte the brilliant nuances ol contempt, and that none in after life will ever regard him with esteem. Gray did not parti cipate in boyish 6ports, and lacked enterprise to "snatch a fearful joy." Yet one priceless gem he could discern in schoolboy life, " the tear forgot as soon aB shed, the sunshine of the breast" These, alas, manhood has not, neither has old age. Yes, could aught in boy hood be worth the recall, it would be these priceless blessings, of which I have been painf,oily taught the value by bitter expe rience. But the hardships of boyhood appear dreadfnl when presented to memory (except when blended with the ludicrous). Yet, at the time, I defied the world aside, and bade it pass, floating over the darkest billowB with a mingled langh of merriment and scorn. But, allowing individuals to put their own valuation on their past, and to form by comparison their own judgment of it and the present, I would fain analyse and try to < promote the cure of a fallacy, misleading the intellect and judgment, that our remote ancestors in the dawn of civilisation were morally, intellectually, and physically superior to ourselves. " Man and for ever," exclaims a philosopher. The complaint seems to bear its own cure. Men saia, and doubtless thought so in Homer's time, and have been idly saying and no less idly thinking that they think so ever Bince np to the last syllable of recorded time; "The good old times! the wisdom of onr ancestors, when they deeem'd it Sabbath-breaking if they dined withont a pudding, sir."—(Old Song.) As to the " proofs" they are simple and easy. Diomed braised the hip of iEneos by heaving at bim a fragment of rock, " such as none now living could lift," and it goes withont saying that no modern king or general could poise in the hollow ox one hand a soldier fatly accoutred, or cleave with one blow of his good sword Excalibar both man and horse. But, us Falstaff says, " I deny your major." No modern can do it; and Charlemagne never did. But this superiority is not confined to heroes and monarchs. Shakspeare extends it to farm servants and menials. " Oh, (rood old man, bow well in theo appears : The constant service of (he antique world, I When service sweat (or duty, not (or meed. Thou art not lor the (asbion ot these times, Where none will sweat but (or promotion, And, having that, do ohoke their service up Even with title having : 'tis not so with thee." —" As Yon Like It," Act 2, Scene t. When, 0 Shakspeare, was this ? Certes, before the "golden days of good Qneen Bess," in which 1 am grateful that my lot was not cast An age of branding, mutila tion, and superstition three-piled. Life was so dreary, and mental darkness so oppres sive, that nought could give relief B&ve; the lightning- flash of genius and the dazzling lustre ot heroism. We pronounce the names of Spencer and Shakspeare, we dwell on Raleigh, on Bacon, and Effingham, but we heed not the eqnalid surroundings and wretched living that ground the spirit of the people. We are better fed, clothed, physicked, and lodged than were any, even the most heroic of our ancestors, "who drank the red wine through the helmet barred " (an incon venient method!), and an average tradesman in any part of Australia—whether North, South, West, Felix or Senex (the Inst sub mitted to Sir] Henry Parkes for approval), commands more solid comfort and blameless luxury than could a noble or a knight uuder the Tudors or the StuArts. It is the worthies and heroes of an age that distinguish it; but happy is the com munity whose annals are dull. " Yet even I these bones,&c.;, says the poet with a lofty, pity and mild contempt as he glanced at the graves of the " rude forefathers of the' hamlet," had/some feeling, some craving for] sympathy. We dwell on the majestic image of Neville, the kingmaker, his wealth and prowess, yet we reck not the life of bis vasBals. We pronounce with respect the names of More, Cheke, Pole, Ascham, and Warham, yet what Australian "working; man" would not turn with scorn from the salt, fish, dried pease, and muddy sour ale of a ] lay brother in the Abbey, or a bind ;iA : the fields'? We think of Raleigh's splendid attire ; and longBilver-moimted pipe, &c.;/ yet " thei sickness - hot." drove the (substantial I citizen from London, and enabled his knavish servant left In charge to conspire with an alchemist and a oona roba to fill with dreams of 1 superhuman luxury the of Sir Emcnre aspiring Bpint of Sir Epicure Mamm e glorying m nebulous aristology %°hn' moderate meal of the n. 1?e moderate meal of the temperate r.»i?e Bobadil was a "bunch of radishes anu"n acco, to close the orifice of Defoe a History of the P;» ;e us blesa nnr ihumI 6 to ns in a century wherein the ^7"^ health, and freedom of the many is rnn^ J more sedulously consulted consciousness that much yet remain# • 1 proof of our progress. The dirty know « ? their dirt, nor the depraved their degradation the cleanly always think much vet rpm«- ' and Mb. «™. ObiMMtaindhfiSKSf able shortcomings. It is in the cottaJi »i lint, the hovel that the the hut, the hovel that the wise phiiosnni. seeks and tests the true prosperity of an a" \- -m WU Hgg or a country, not among the worthies who shine in dark and barbarous eras, like etatB on a moonless night Dnnstan, Anselm. and 1JV..I-. J ' Adhelm cannot redeem from' serfdom °ti<1 downtrodden many under Norman opprea. Bion, and we seek in vain for any time when the condition of the people was equal to its present in rational freedom and physical well-being. Thrift and prudence gave modest comfort to the closing years of Shaksnen^ Milton, Locke, and Hume, but the Dace nf Fielding and the pencil of Hogarth reVea the condition of the masses. The'few amon' our ancestors to whom -we are really indebted for additions to our well-being are those who have spurned and flung behind them the cumbrous traditions of fheir infancy, men whose early struggles provoked bnt obloquy and ridicule, but who received after their un cheered death" the tribute of imitation, and the posthumous fame ot a public "bIowIj wise andjmeanly just" " The best imitation of the ancients" (says Goldsmith) " is to write, speak, and act from our own hearts and experience, as they did whomwe most deeply admire.1 The dawn of civilisation was bnt as the infancy of nations ; we are no w, perhaps, in the elastic adolescence of ours; the happy participants in its manhood will probably look back on ns and our lingering barbarisms and supersti tions, with a sigh or a smile of gentle pity and thanksgiving, such as we now bestow on the acorn-food of the Saxons, the corftoralt of the Normans (we still retain the phrase, " I am ready to take my corporal oath" when we wish to express earnest conviction), the ordeals of not iron and boiling water, the finding and testing of witches, the corpse lights, the ghosts, fays, and elves used by Shakspeare as theatrical properties, but re jected irom his belief, the thumbscrews and racks regarded as revealers of truth, and the Mohawks, Fly-binites, and Tityre-tua that made nights hideous in the reigu ot Qneen Anne. That we are physically superior to our ancestors we have clear evidence The cuirasses, &c.;, preserved in the Tower of London are too small for the average guards man. I remember '60 years ago 100 yards was deemed the outside limit of the distance to which a cricket ball could be thrown, and was attained, or even approached to, by few. Forty yards was the limit of the throw ing of the hammer. Now lam informed 105 yards has been reached by several with the ball, and by some few 115. With the hammer 45 yards is Baid to hare been reached. Tom Sayers continued his fight with Heenan during several rounds with one arm broken; this, perhaps, some will ascribe to mental plnck and spirit^ bnt he mast have been sustained by an unusually strong and equable heart action, rare train ing, and rarer inward soundness. Indeed, the whole rationale of hygiene is better understood by our physiologists than even by Sydenham, Radcliffe, or Boer ha&ve.; \- Several other instances have reached me, which I do not remember with pre cision. On isolated feats, avowedly rare and extraordinary, we onght not to rely as charac teristic of an age, but should carefully look for the average man of nature manhood, Bay 35\. Such modern, weighing 11 stone, I believe to be superior to his coevals of the 15th and 16th centuries. Longevity seems but slightly to have varied Bince the time of King David. I wish some daring innovator would intro duce to our fair countrywomen some pleasing modification of the Grecian attire, more es pecially of the sandal. We ail submit to the tortures of the Scottish boot, bnt nncheered by the martyr-spirit and indwelling fana ticism that sustained the firm endurance of the Puritan and the Cameronian. Permanent deformity often eeta in, too late perceived and lamented, and too often incurable Un the Plantagenct shoe I gaze with wondermg curiosity. Its length,- within rational bounds, may be to the pedestrian not unwelcome, but its wearers never walked; the horse or the barge served to gratify at once their laziness, their impatience, and their delicate horror ot the inevitable dust or mud. The small size of their hands, attested by sword-haudlea and pictnres, suggests that they were not partial to plying the oar. We walk and row, bb well as ride, and, blessed be science and freedom, enjoy better roods, watered, trust, on the day made for man. # We are now carefully legislating for tne drunkard. A gentleman of talent and re spectability, whom 1 suppose independento all paternal minor legislation, lately thus criticised the Licensing Bill lt " Yon are carefnl to consult the weltare and guidance of the drunkard. Why n consider mine t lam representative ot, _ average Bbber and temperate—of those wn , without pretending to teetotalism, desire regular hours and occasions moderate sua reasonable refreshment I avoid ex . aware of its unwisdom. I a*®';' c'eft\ . ' civil attendance, and unadulterated ti rages; and I claim to be left to my unfettered discretion, freed from B lation, which may oppress but . form. Why sacrifice my convenience to tne enforced abstention of the undeserving Might not the fanatical local °P"0?'" reply, " Friend, we do thee and euch aa no wrong. They that-are whole neednot£ physician, but they that are art that thine is, and be thankful. Ihou an well off. -Deprome thy on b" , days, unmolested, And imbibe thyjcoo ^ in tranquil-pity for the working m „ _fl _on, tappeth at the back door oftbe G reen D g Thou art not robbed., Long as the worm goes round, the rich will langnto .!,«* arinteth the Door. uj» legislation that stinteth the P0":. i8 foe aider not thee, for thy mental culture is w QlUtn. UUH VS4W) aw» to excess, and thy- cellar exclusive or a» deleterious adulteration. Let not thine eye mi? »we at® good." The pbUoBophet calls to mind the con' cession of many impartial observers that drunkenness is not (he prevaientcbaracteristic of this colony, finch was the pronounced conviction of our late Bishop Perry, no lax, indolent, or vague critic. The dictum is not "" TT~ "A'fiwlwfcallej-, If this be their verdxet lot mo , moderatedrinber. The majority claim pre cedence. Not many are self-denying; and not everyone is rich, l " • - 