ANECDOTES OF THACKERAY. The Rev. Fietober, of Birmingham, is con tributing to an Eglish journal a Borios ot nrtiolos on Thuckeray. Tho following characteristic stories of the great satirist will be reud with interest : — thackeray at oxford. In connection with tho delivery of the lectures on English humourists in tbo pro- viuoes, a droll aoocdoto was rotated in the newspapers of tho time. Beforo appearing at Oxford it was necessary to obtain the liseosi of the authorities. Tho Duke of Wellington was then tho Ohanoellor, and if he bud been appliod to bo would havo understood the business at onoe, for ho lived in tbo broad -atmosphere of the ovory-day world, and a copy of ' Vanity Fair' waa on a snug sholf at Wuluier Castle. But his deputy at Oxford, upon whom Thackeray waitod, know lesB about suoh trifloa at ' Vanity Fair.' ' Pray what can I do to serve you V inquired this functionary. ' My name is Thackeray.' ' So I sao by this card.' ' I Book permission to lecture within the prooiuota.' ' Ah I you are a lecturer ; whet subjeots do yon, undertake, religious or political V 'Neitbor ; I am a litorury man.' 'Have you written anything 1' ' Yos ; Ism tho uulhor of ' Vanity Fair.' ' I prosumo a Dissenter — has that anything to do with John Bunyun's book' 'Not exactly ; I have also written ' Pondennis.' 'Never hoard of theso works, but do not doubt thoy are proper books.' ' I bavo also contributed to 'PunobV " Punch 1" I huvo hoard of that ; is it not a ribald pulica- tion T the best company in boston. Previous tobis visit to Boston, in the States, Thackeray had mado no agreement with a friond, uBostonian, whom ho met in Germany, ko go and hoar Theodore Parker, but was advised by his new acquaintance there not to do so, as it would uot bo thought tho propor thing, and might possibly hurt his locturea. It was in tbo wintor, and ono Sunday morn ing (tboro had been somo rain and frost, and tho streots wore glazed with ice) Thackeray started with two fiionds, a gentleman and his daughlor, for churoh, they to go to Musio Hall and he to St. Paul's. It was uncomfort able travelling, and of a very different sort to that wbioh tho great man was acaustomed, but he made his way by taking the gentle man's arm and placing his othor hand on tho lady's shoulder. When tho entrance to Musio Hull was reached, his Iriends woro about bidding Mm good morning, but, looking about bim, he said : ' Well, il I go on I shall certainly fall and break my neck, so I mast go ia with you.' It happened to be Purkor'e sermon on Amos Lawrcnco. Thackeray was immonsoly pleased, foaoiuatod. The samo evooing a company was assembled at the houso of a distinguished literary gentleman of the oity. Thnokeray weB of tho number, and could talk of nothing but Theodore Parker ; he was aglow with enthusiasm and admira tion for him. Presently the host, remarking tho blank countenanco of his guests, slowly said : ' Wo — wo don't moot Mr. Parker. Ho moves in another oirole.' There was a pause, aod the groat satirist, straightening bimsolfup, said : ' I begin to think 1 haven't seen the best company in Boston yot.' AN AMUSINU BREAK-DOWN. As a lecturer Thuckoruy wus finished and ologunt ; but bis appearances as a set spouker to a public ussembly woro often ludicrous failures. Ho carefully prepared what bo intended to say, nnd cherished tho dolusion thut lie would astonish ororybody by a wonderful effort. But after a few sentences he would ooino to a dead stop, nnd whilo tho audiooco wcro laughing, not so mneh at him as with him, ho would ait down. Mr. Fields givos us sn amusing instance of a break-down. Thuckeray hud promised to sponk at tho opening of tho Free Library in Munchostor. Mr. Fiolds, who was in London, was pcranadod to accompany him. All tho way down from London to Munobeator Tlmckoray was discoursing on tbo marvollous effect ho intuntlod to produce on tho Mxnoheetor pcoplo by bis uiastorly address. Dickons, Bulwor, Sir Juincs Stepbon, all cloquont speakers, wcro to precode Mm, but lie prophesied that ho should beat each und all of them oa this special occasion. IIo in- sistod that Mr. Fiolds should ail dircotly in front of him, so as to roooivo tho full forco of Ilis magic oloqncnco. The nudiencc was a most brilliant ono. Tho speeches wbioh oamo beforo Thackeray was called upon were admirably suitod to the occasion, und woro eloquently delivered. Sir John Potter then introduced tho author of ' Vanity Fair,' who was wolcomed with ringing plaudits. As lio rase bo gavo to Mr. Field n wink from undor his epoctaeles, as if to say, Now for it ; the othors have dono very well, but I will show 'urn a graco bayond tho reach of their art.' IIo began, reports Mr. Fi3lds, in a cloar and charming manner, nod was absolutely perfujt for tbroo minutes. In tho raiddlo of a most oarnost and oluborato sentence, ho suddenly stoppod, gave n look of comic despair ut tho ceiling, crammed both handa into his trousors' poekots, and doliborat4%tgat down. Whon tho mooting was ovor, bo said to Mr. Fiolds, without a sign of discomfiture, ' Mr hoy, ynu havo my profoundost sympathy ; this day ynu havo accidentally roissod hear ing ono of tho finest speeches ovor composed for dolivory by a British orator.' the editor .and lady vers1siers. Thackeray was' not really much bettor fitted for another Vork, wbioh Boomed a first sight more congtfoial with his habits, tho oditorship of tbo now Cornhill Mogazino, whioh camo oat in 18S9. His own con tributions, us well us his asms, wore, of course, very valuable, and tho mnguzino woe an immense suoooss, but tho real bard work of tho editor ia bound to maintain, woro ox- coedtQRly uncongenial to his really kindly tomporamont. With first-class contributors ho got on vory woll, no said, out tue ex- tortionors and rovilors bothered tho vory lifo out of him. Soino of tho ladies followed him up so olosoly with thoir pootieal compositions that his houso in Onslow Square was never freo of interruption. ' The darlings domanded,' said bo, that I should ro-write, if I could not nndorstand, thoir nonsenBO, and put thoir halting lines ioto the propor form,' 'I waB so appalled,' ho said, 'whon they set upon mo that you might havo knocked mo down with a feather, sir. It wos insupportable, sir, and I fled away to Franco. sensitiveness to critici8m. Tbo simplicity of thoohild with the experi ence of tho man wore combined in tho groat author. It waa ourious to aeo how warmly his fiionds lovod him, and how forvontly his enemies hated him. Tho bato whioh ho oxoited among those wbo but half know him is now forgotten; tho warmth of frieads will long bo remembered. Ho had his foibles, and so havo wo all. Somo of his foiblos, suoh us his 80Qstivone88 to oritioism, always exalted tbo gnodlmmoured mirth of his friends. There nre muoy still living who romomber anguish of feature with wbioh ho walked about the Rod fern Club exhibiting an urtiolo in a Leamington nowspaper whioh began with tho words, ' An oldorly infidel buffonu. He hud delivered his looturo on Goorgo IV. at Leaminglon, and its strictures had sorely wounded a listener, whose olergyman father had boon promoted to a living by tho lampooned monarch, Coleridge, wben asked by a lady if he be lieved in ghosts, replied : ' No, madam, I have soon too many to Believe in them.' 