SABINA ZEMBRA. A NOVEL, BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of " Macleod or Dake," A Princess or Tiille,"c. (The right of nr.iHkiUuu is Reserved.) CHAPTER X f. 1 1 . — < ' 'ONTIN UEIJ.) "Yes. I v.'iiut to get h'T u'.vay from bore." gait! Janie. smlly, V-ut it i< 1:0 use talking to her at pre?ent. 1 wish she was nut going bach into the cottage at ;;11. i wish sue would ironic away with us this very ai'teD n. c ,f.n :i- ! 'hi; — n v husband. I mean —as soon ao be cumr- du'.vn Uum town. That would bo t lie Lo.-t tiling. 11 Then do you return home this after noon rfiie glance 1 at hiui in surprise ; she could haidlv understand any human being putmig such a question. 'Oh, is-' ! i I o-.v could I do that.' How could 1 leave Sabie at such a lime — alone.' JI she wviild go with us. that would be well, but as it Ls l' must remain with her to see what she is going to do." "And when she has decided that, I hope tou will let-iiic know." Sir Anthony said, ami he took up b.U g'.uvrs. "1 presume, when i iiviJ rauitary measures have been carried nit there will be no possibility of a letter com eying infection. Toil might tell inr chv.mf/.'T riiat Lady Xi-mbru would have written to her t<> express lier sympathy but that she thought u more prudent not to open f uunsunieati'.ui wit h toe huiise io which taere war fever. We have got to consult -aiviy <>! otiieis. not our own feelings." Waen if had delivered Luinsell of this wise ,v::n;:. -fir Anthony look up his hat and urn- ii'jak: a-lx. i Janie to coLumun icate with him when Sabina bad eoiae to a '.tee is ion, Lode h-r g.-od-Lv graciously, and set out for 1 he .-taii'-ti. lie walked with an air of lofty -arbih-ffiun : lie seemed to think that it was he who wu- diffusing that cheerful sunlight over the wide landscape. Those next few clays at Witstead were terrible. Sabina had wholly given way to a dumb -tupor of mbery ana hopelessness ;she wiioijniic walking in 1 he dark, seeing no- th. ng of what w.n around her. heeding no one. .She har.iiy ever >puke : she bad no wild it is of eryiug : then: was m /thing but this dreadful moiiotuitv of nnuttered and un utterable grief. Mechanically she went up every morning to the little grave, with a puor handful of flowers: sometimes she v.vuM go in the afternoon tuo : and always her dull, despairing thoughts were there. j.mi" sought in vain to distract hex and r.rou;" ner. Sometime? she wilfully inflicted pain, if but to break in upon this dangerous iistk-ssnc?-. Unco she went the length of asking what should be done, when they, could go into the house again, with t lie little boy's toys and pl'aytiffugs. Sabina shivered, but did not answer. Janie wont to Waller Lindsay, who was pretty frequently over at Witstead. hurrying or; the workmen. ' 1 do everything 1 can to get her to talk," said Janie, "and of course she has to settle what she is going to do. But it is very strange. She is keepiug something back from me. It is always 'Wait a little white, ami 1 will tell you.' 1 don't under stand it at all. Even about the house : it appear it belongs to a Mr. Dc-anc, but she does not know where he is ; and when 1 asked her how she paid the rout. it was the same thing — ' Wait a little while. Janie, and 1 will tell you everything. 1 cannot talk to you now or to anyone.' But she think? it is vuu who put the fresh flowers on the little grave everv morning, is it .' No." " Do you know who it is, then V lie hesitated. Oh. well, ic you must know, it is one of tua -Liu worth guns. I asked her to do it ior me. 1 have them sent duwu from London nnd die takes theiu up. Vuu ne«d not say anything about it." janie thought, she would follow her own counsel about Thar. Then, what du you think she is going to clo .' " he asked. " As likely as not «?he will go back to the hospital a:ul become permanent nurse," J..t'.te answered— -but this was merely a g'.i of lie 1 ' uwn. "it is dreadful to think of :1a i e .r, bjokciu wasted life. You ro- Uitmbc-r wiutt Sabie used to be in the old days.' Weil, last night 1 was lying awake, and I was wondering whether it would not be possible for some-mo to take Sabie entirely away from what in:-, happened during these ktA years — to lake her away altogether to some oilier country, and teach iter to forgot. And 1 thought thai you were the only one who eared for her enough, and hau money to do it as weil : and 1 saw all sons of pic tures of vuu two — walking along the Pro menade Anglais at Nice— and Sabie laugh- in? "Litin " He turned very pale, but she did not notice ; she was intent upon her waking dreams of the previous night. " Ves. and 1 followed you to Venice — I was an invisible ghost attending you — and J saw Sabie feeding the pigeons in the Square — and 1 saw you and her in one of the glass factories over at Murano, and you were drawing her initials on n bit of paper 0 that the man could copy them and put tiieui on the jug lie was moulding for her. 1 wonder if such a thing ever liappens in the world — for people to forget the years of. misery they have gone through, and become happy again as they used to be .' It seems hard if it is impossible." However, these were but forecasts of a vague and shadowy future : and in the meantime Janie was soon to lie startled by a ueknite announcement of Subinu's plans. On the second evening after they had re turned to Wayside Cottage — the fumigation and so forth all being1 over — these two were seated in the little parlor together, Janie sewing. Sabina pretending to read, but more often wiili her calm, fad eyes lixed wistfully 011 the lire before them. At leugtli sh« took a lcttar from iier pocket. "Jiiiiic." shesxiti, " ;i few Jays aso I wrote to old Mr. J'oiter. down iti J.uukiueham- sliire. and ihis uioruius; 1 received hid answer." Janie was a little surprised to have heard nothing of this before: and quite simple and naturally she put out her band to take the letter — for there never had been secrets between these two. it was hastily with drawn, however. "He writes very kindly," frabina said, slowly : " and lie asks lue to no aud live with lum. ihouqa he savs it's a dull house — I wonder if he thinks it is gaiety that 1 should prefer. "Ami are vuu going " said Jauie. rather hr'-aihlesslv." "When 1 have cvervtiiimr settled up here —yes. 1 tliink it "is the best thing 1 " Oh, .Sabie, we shall never see vou at all I" Janie cried. " And don't yon think that would be best " was the calm answer ; she was star ing absently into the flames. Juries eyes grew moist quickly enough. "After the friends that volt and J have been. Pahie. it does seem— a little hard— that you should talk in that quiet wav about gome awity from us for ever." "But 1 shall not i'orqot,'' the oilier said. " And soon after 1 am there 1 will write vou a lony, lontc letter to explain a number of thinirs. 1 oup-lit to tellgyou the whole story now : but 1 have not the eonrap-e. And 1 am so tired," she added, wearily, Janie did not understand what this pro mise meant. ; and, perhaps, paid little atten tion to it, for she was bent on opposing this decision; it seemed so dreadful that Sabina should withdraw herself into a seclusion so remote from all those who had known her. " Vou have so many friends in London. Sabie! It was bad enough your oomine down here ; but now, when there is no reason in the world why you shouldn't come and live with tis — 1 wiali Phil were here and he would speak for himself— to think of your troiiiK awav down to that place to bury yourself alone and brood over all that has happened .' Is it wise Is it reason able? Surely you should come amongst your fricuds — I don't mean at this precise moment — but by-and-bye. when tone has begun to tell a little. Vfe don't ask you to eom to any gaiety. It is a quiet 'house. Vou would have your own rooiad ; no one Ehoulrj distui-b you when you wishud to be For answer Sabina took Janie's hand anu patted it a little. 'You have, always been so kind to me — 1 never could understand why. But 1 nut going down to Buckiinrhairliire, Jauie," .she eakl. ' It was later on that same evening — in the dead silence that was broken onlv by the click erf Janie's needle— tluit .Sabina looked up from her reveries and said — ' Janie, there is one thing t must do before I leave this place, t must say something to Mr. Lindsay of what 1 feel towards him for all his goodness to me— lus generous good- ness and thoughtfulries? aird kindness. I I am sure I don't know how I shall say it, but 1 must try. 1 cannot go awuv and leave him to think me ungrateful.'' ' That he never woald think, nor any I other ill of you, Sabie Janie said, cagutly. | But Aftely you are right— survly you cau do no loss ; — and a word .from you would be a great deal to him." made bold to add. I suppose you don't know when he will be here again was the iie'st question. "No : but 1 could send him u note." said Janie. promptly. " Vou might tell him that I was going away, autl that 1 wished to say good-bye — if | it would be not uxi much trouble for hiui to call when he was in the neighborhood. ; Janie's nimble biain soon fashioned forVh ; a better scheme than that — tlufigh she kept 1 it to herself. Could she not, on the next ! morning, liud some pretence i»r dipping «mt ; and make he:' way xoiuh to Burford i! by one ot the early traiu? A lTw woids with himself would be oi' greater s< than any note : aud was not the oe«: urgent ! .Sabina was going away. .She ; would be beyond the influences she had known; she would forget; site womd sink into apathy ; she was closing the ; hi mk of her life. But what, if at such a i juncture — and she was helpUvs and Hi--; tnniglit and uncertain — sotue sudden appeal ! were made to her It seemed dreadiul to think of weddings and wedding- bel's. when one had to think, too, of the little grave lying far away there amid the as yet un limited snow ; hut short of that, might not some vague hint, be given her that, wherever her footstep's migh; lead her. there would always remain open for her the refuge of a strong man's love, when time and distance had dulled the edge of her cruel sorrows (TO HE CONTINUED). 