ALLAN QUATERMAIN: BEING AN ACCOUNT OF HIS FURTHER ADVENTURES AND DISCOVERIES IN COMPANY WITH SIR HENRY CURTIS, BART., COM MANDER JOHN GOODE, R.N., AND ONE UMSLOPOGAAS, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD, AUTHOR OF "She," "King Solomon's Mines, &c.; "Ex Africa semper aliquid novi." CHAPTER XXII. (continued.) HOW UMSLOPOGAAS HELD THE STAIR. As for Nyleptha, she was positively radiant now that her dear lord had come back with no other injury than an ugly scar on his forehead. I do not believe that she allowed all the fearful slaughter that had taken place to weigh ever so little in the balance against this one fact, or even to de- tract greatly from her joy ; and I can not blame her for it, seeing that it is the nature of loving woman to look at all things through the spectacles of her love, and little do they reck of the misery of the many if the happiness of one be assured. That is human mature which the Positivists tell us is just perfection, so no doubt it is all right. 'And what art thou going to do with Sorais?' I asked. Instantly her bright brow darkened to a frown. 'Sorais,' she said, with a little stamp of the foot; 'ah, but Sorais!' Sir Henry hastened to turn the subject. 'You will soon be about and all right again now, old fellow,' he said. I shook my head and laughed. 'Don't deceive yourselves,' I said. 'I may be about for a little, but I shall never be all right again. I am a dying man, Curtis. I may die slow, but die I must. Do you know I have been spitting blood all the morning? I tell you that there is something working away into my lung; I can feel it there. There, don't look dis tressed; I have had my day, and am ready to go. Give me the mirror, will you, I want to look at myself.' He made some excuse, but I saw through it and insisted, and at last he handed me one of the dishes of polished silver set in a wooden frame like a hand-screen, which serves as looking-glasses in Zu-Vendis. I looked and put it down. 'Ah,' I said quietly, 'I thought so, and you talk of my getting 'all right.' I did not like to let them see how shocked I really was at my own ap pearance. My grizzled stubby hair was turned snow-white, and my yellow face was shrunk like an aged woman's, and had two deep purple rings painted beneath the eyes. Here Nyleptha began to cry, and Sir Henry again turned the subjeet, telling me that the artists had taken a cast of the dad body of old Um slopogass, and that a great statue in black marble was to be erected of him in the act of spitting the sacred stone, which was to be matched by another statue in white marble of my- self and the horse 'Daylight' as he appeared when, at the termination of that wild ride, he sank beneath me in the courtyard of the palace. I have since seen these statues, which at the time of writing this, six months after the battle, are nearly finished; and very beautiful they are, especially that of Umslopogaas, which is exactly like him. As for that of myself, it is good, but they have idealised my ugly face a little, which is perhaps as well, see- ing that thousands of people will pro bably look at it in the centuries to come, and it is not pleasant to look at ugly things. Then they told me that Umslopogaas' last wish had been carried out, and that instead of being cremated, as I shall be, after the usual custom here, he had been tied up, Zulu fashion, with his knees beneath his chin, and, having been wrapped in a thin sheete of beaten gold, entombed in a hole hollowed out of the masonry of the semicircular space at the top of the [The sole right of publishing "Allan Quatermain" in Western Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Western Mail.] stair he defended so splendidly, which faces, as far as we can judge, almost exactly towards Zululand. There he sits, and will sit for ever, for they embalmed him with spices and put him in an air-tight stone-coffer, keep ing his grim watch beneath the spot he held alone against a multitude ; and the people say that at night his ghost rises and stands shaking the phamtom of Inkosi-kaas at phantom foes. Certainly they fear during the dark hours to pass the place where the hero is buried. Oddly enough, too, a new legend or prophecy has arisen in the land in that unaccountable way in which such things do arise among barbarous and semi- civilised people, blowing like the wind, no man knows from whence. According to this saying, so long as the old Zulu sits there, looking down the stairway he defended when alive, so long will the new House of the Stairway, springing from the union of the Englishman and Nyleptha, which he inaugurated by shattering the Holy Stone, endure and flourish; but when he is taken from thence, or when, ages hence, his bones at last crumble into dust, the House shall fall, and the Stairway shall fall, and the nation of the Zu-Vendi shall cease to be a nation. 