! INVERMAT SUNDAY-SOHOOL -: ?-. A Sunday-school in connection with the Church. of 1 England denomination— -under the ' auspices ? of the Holy Trinity ? Church^ Launce3tbn^has for some - timepast been conducted under disadvantageous circum stances at Invermay.: I The nucleus of the school was ' commenced some .time ago by Miss Whitefoord, who fpstenngly held it at the private residence of Mr. J. Whitefoord; The time arrived when it was- deemed desi rable that' the growi--g number of scholars should be located in a (permanent/ institu ' tion, and' the way to' this; end was con siderably cleared by munificent donations from; Mrs. George Fisherj and Mri C. Kent; of Launcestoni'the former contributing a sum of £400 for the erection, and the latter donating a . valuable and appropriate site.' \- Last ? Saturday afternoon was. : fixed for the. ceremony i of .laying the ; foundation stone of a building ; at Invermay which is to accommodate 150 scholars. ? -,?:?..,: -;i.. At:ithe' tiraei appointed, .'6l30, ? ai large number; of residents arid j friends '.from' town: hadi assembled, lincluding the Ven. Archdeacon Hales, Rev. C. H.', Young, Alderman , Sadler; Messrs. J. ? Whitefoord, and T; S.iCleminshaw. ' . .-. ' 1. : ? The ceremonyi was initiated' by a proces-; sion of. the school' children marching on to the ground singing a processional hymn, under ^theioharge of Miss Whitefoord. . A platform had been erected ?: close : toi' the foundation stone, decorated with ( flags, 'on1 which the: children' were arranged,! and ? from! which. those officially concerned - con ducted the proceedings. Archdeacon Hales announced the hymn 'Onward,' Christian soldiers,' 'which/was sung to an organ accompaniment,' presided at by Mr.' Dumaresq. Psalm 24 was then read, alter nate verses being said as responses, and special prayers were offered by the Arch decon forr the school, the 1 donor, the teachers, and the parents and children.' 'Addressing the audience, Archdeacon' Hales said that before requesting Mrs. Geo. Fisher to. lay the corner stone of : the new school, ihe would read a paper which was to be laidiunder the :stone :— ?' This ibuilding erected to the glory of God and of : His Son Jesus Christ,, is given by, Mrs.1 Fisher, at a cost of £400, in loving memory of her late husband, George Fisher, long a ^respected citizen of Launceston, and an attached and faithful friend of the Church of the Holy Trinity. ' The' site was purchased by sub scription, at a cost of- £60: Daniel Fox Sandford, D.D., Bishop of Tasmania. Francis Hales, A*B., Archdeacon of Laun ceston, 1 for 31 years incumbent of the parish, and for: two years previously curate in charge. Miss Jane Whitefood, the first teacher, who carried on the school in her father's house. Saturday afternoon, 3-30' p'ulock, April 23, 1887.' ; . , ?.-?'. : Mrs. Fisher then proceeded to lay the stone,labouring under considerable emotion, and having to be assisted by the Archdea con, saying : — ' This stone is laid in loving memory of my dear lamented husband, Mr. George Fisher, . in honour of God arid His Son Jesus Christ our 'Lord. Amen.'' The stone being lowered1 to its foundation place, Mrs. Fisher Icontined — ' Ii ' ? declare this stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' .'. ' l'.-;:,-i.-; ?:?.: ' ;' 'I ?- ''- After reading-a portion of I St; -Luke's Goapel, second chapter; the Archdeacon, in specially addressing; the: , young people present, said that in' the days the: chapter referred to Sunday- schools! did not exist as ;in the ; present form; but' the Jewish children were !not left without instruction. The Lord Jesus Christ was. a perfect boy ; he. learnt his Bible, as they iriust do, in order- to practice its lessons, for learning about God ;would fit them for the work of life. -The only way Ito -pass' through life truly waB to try to serve God and do their duty. The 'Lord Christ grew tall by degrees, arid grew at the same time a favourite, and his example put it in their power to do likewise, to go home and prac tice the truth as Christ did. In a practical respect he wished the young before^him-to emulate the example of Christ, -who cariie- 'to his life work and did it well. He' prayed that God's blessing might rest upon the school and the community, j ? ' vi' ?: i' Archdeacon Hales then intimated that an offering would be taken, up ito i enable' ithemto furnish the; ;school, with forms, etc. The-' structure was a generous gift; a,nd he hoped that a liberal offering would be: 'made to ; enable them 'to secure the necessary furnishings. rThe' offerings .amounted to- £12. : ? ,?.'?:.' ???|i ! A hymn — ?'The Church's One * Founda tion' — wasrthen sung, arid the Benediction pronounced. .'1 iThree;; cheers ?? fdr Mr«. Fisher, ;? Miss. ? - Whitefoord, c' i Archdeacon' ?Hales, Mr.- Luttrell, and the teachers con cluded an interesting ceremony! '!- ? ? ??'!':? j The': [intended sohool; -which !ia to-be erected on the allotment iadjoinirig Mr. J. , White'foordfs residence; ' ?? is 'of the 1: Gothic /style of architecture,. with brick yalls and 'slate-; i roof -^octagon - 1 ehape-^-arid ' polished 'stone; heads and Bill-ip the interior r, being lined with 'match 1 boarding. The1 ; . scHbb't room is 50ft. x 23ft., and the porch ? 8fti.-. square.; Mr., Alfred :E. Luttrell, architect;., has generously drawn the - plans n-'and superintends thelerectiori without charge'. Messrs. J. :and T. ;Gunn ate the builders:.. The site is a most valuable.one, the'! school.! is being, erected some distance . back -from thq road., The intention of those:interds*-ed in the spiritual wants of .this extending suburb ibeing .to have.a Mission1 Ghuroh — a branch, from.Hoiy, Trinity— erected on :the' front plot at no distant date. ? - i : ; i I ?'. 