CATJLriELD TRAINING NOTES. DvEiid (be week the Newmarket and Cnp candidate have not allowed the grass to grow under their feet. Fo'ul-ham's trio, Bonnie Doon, Chicago, and Kobui, have been rattling along over six furlong. They arc looking big and mytcular, and the pick will be a bard nut to crack. Bilvcrmine, who baa thrown off a lot of that aoreoeee eo per ceptible fince the Spring Meeting, hee been striding round the tan for good work. Mar- mion, who disappointed bis owner at tbelale V.jLT.C. Meeting, has been allotted long, strong work on the tau, which, bj-the-bje, is getting very much out of repair. Rosewood, I Lady Lovril, Fernandez, and Gentility have j been doing nice preparatory work. Connolly haa sent ITpper Cruet and ' Beelzebub a strong Ire turieegs. This pair, accompanied by Roy, tb« hurdle-raoer, bare j left fur Sale. The latter baa been doing \ good schooling ereroieg ba Qomiany with | Bonnie Lad, who, unfortunately,- supped bis < j shoulder during the 'work. Sweetmeat and j Banker, who are .both " getting into form, have been schooled over the big timber, while Eugene hap been similarly treated over tbe hurdles, fiuiebingup with work of a good useful description. Lady Aehtoa and Nabocklish have boon treated to long striding work on the tan. iiMltine and The Loafer have been bruebing along for eix furlongs. The late arrivals, FheeSepsy1 Warning, and Faugh-a-Ballagh hiTi bean doing nice ' striding work ovsr a sails sod a quarter. The fint-named is looking very pink, Campbell has given mI AUeo sevtxri fipurte over five furlongs, with O'Brien in the saddle. Agnes has etere& the New market distance ingeodetyU on more than one ecoasion, Blondia bsieg treated t) etrong work nv«r a mile. HleWnd Chief hta been ' an absentee daring the week. lffaater John biiheta brnibiag along pwer five end pIx farloee Ea looks vione the worse for Jbte defeat on B&torday; ; ho will ell going wht), etrlp Vary fit for the New market. Kenneth, who etHj eeems a Ut eore to front, haeherii moVing doog on the tan. This botes bae been a great-source of trouble lo hie trainer. Beokwitb end Parnell have been striding along for a mile on tbe tea. Newmaeter— smother Newmarket eaadi- date, has dose good eound work over tbe distanoes, being arcirapanied by fale stable companions, Poor Jim and Gasbnrner. Dargo performed very satisfactorily over tbe small sticks on two or three occasions during tbe week. David has been doing pre paratory work. Meerschaum, Dexter, and the Mercury filly have taken their departure for Sale. The two first mentioned have done sound work over a mile, the Mercury fitly striding along over six furlongs. Good wood and Lizette have performed some good serviceable work on tbe tan, over two miles. Delamia, Mia Mia, Liddisgton, Louie, Violet, and Surprise have been spurting over five and eix furlongs, Moran has given Little John, Jack, Jim Caiu, and King of the West a conple of working gallops over a mile and a quarter. Phenomenon, waiter, Symbol, and Greculu Esuriens, and others of his team have been moving along for good work. Oadland, Gildy, First Pop, and Berkeley have been moving along strongly over eix furlongs. Footman boo been treated to use ful work on the tan, while the Liberator colt has been spurting. Favo has been restricted to half pace exercise on the tan. Sydney, and Ambassa dress, who are both on the improving side, are doing suitable work over five furlongs. Hot Don and The Ghost have been sent strong work over five furloogs, Empress being similarly treated over a one and a quarter miles ; while Marlborough, Kitty Fisher, Lilbologiat, and Bar One have been purling over a half mile. The Oop candi date, Grace Darling, has been taking it very easy. Harper has got St. Odille in work again, she is looking big and well. Carnival, For saken, Unc»s, Nectarine, and Julian Gray have been spnrting. Kelly baa sent the Sussex horse over the big timber. Like .other beginners, he taps them a bit. Revenge and Vanderbilt have done long medium work, the former finishing up strong. Anarchy and Energy bare been brushing orer fire and eix furlongs. King has been aending Fuaee long service able work on the tan. Hie companion, Reticent, is at present in physic, Roberts has Spider, Cricket, and Patience looking well. This trio have done a lot of useful work on the tan. Hazard, with Burton in the saddle, has been doing good strong work over two miles. Stockman and a utefuMookiog bay horse, unnamed, it in preparatory work. Harboltle'a team will be in future trained by P. Hey wood. Lord Oocbrane, lately arrived from Syd ney, has gone into Kelly's stable. 