BENBONUNA: A TALE OF THIRTY YEARS AGO CHAPTER XXVTL—[Concluded). IB? ROBEBT BRUCE.] "Allow me to observe, Isabella, that I heard all which passed out in the verandah, and if 1 may be permitted to form an opinion on the subject, I should say you were not annoyed at his saying too much." " what do you mean, sir? Do you mean to inBultme?" "I mean what I say, but have not the remotest wish or intention to insult you; and indeed, I think it very foolish of you to excite yourself as you are doing over nothing." " Nothing, indeed. Well, if you do not object to the men saying all sorts of things to me, I don't see why I should. Whatever they may say in future I won't bother you about it, of that you may be certain." " I am not afraid of any of my friends saying anything to you that I should object to ; and now, as I think we have had quite enough of the subject, and as I am not so strong as I might be, I think we'll drop it." Just then Bowyer was heard humming an air outside, and presently he entered the room from the verandah, observing— "Having a bit of a connubial coo all to yourselves, eh ?" Then, as no answer was immediately forthcoming, he added " Regret waits closely on the hasty tongue. I don't know if any other fellow ever said that before, but it is such a self-evident proposition, especially in the present case, that I wish he had, and in my hearing too. '* Yon are quite right, it would have been a good thing if he had!" said the lady frigidly, and then swept from the room in a tragedyqueen style. Bowyer regarded his Mend with such a comical glance of enquiry that the latter could not help laughing out; but the current of his .mirth was interrupted by a terrific bang of the door through which the lady had passed, upon which Bowyer altered his expression to one of intense fright, which had the effect of starting his host into another fit of laughter, for which he would undoubtedly suffer in the next private interview with his better half. I am afraid my remark was not altogether apropos ics just now," remarked Bowyer. Tellj it might have been happier, but never mind, there is no harm done. Hew about Heslop 2" " O, he's out for the mght, safe enough, and I don't see that anything can be done till morning. I have told Mrs. Blowhard to bring in the horses from the horse gully, and Leak will go out on to the Wirracowie Flat, so we shall be sure of having news early, but I hope Heslop will put in an appearance as soon as they do." " If he can't find his way home to-night, I don't see how he will be able to do so tomorrow morning," said Mr. Ashby, dubiously. " Well, I begin to fancy he has got on the tracks of the mob of sheep Hawley says is missing from BraBher's flock; and if he picked them np so far away that he could not get here with them before dark, he'd very likely make for some sheepyard and stop there till morning, or camp them if he could not find one." " I hardly think he'd do that; he has not been up long enough." " O, he's clear grit, and would do things another new chum would not think of. The way he tackled the Odd Trick, though he knew beforehand what to expect, says a lot for him." «' What does Hawley think ?" Bowyer gave his shoulders a significant shrug, but said nothing. " It is very strange; but he seems to have taken a strong dislike to Frank." " Nothing very strange, I think. They are of such a totally different kidney that nothing short of the arrived of the millenium would make them run kindly in harness together." " Hallo! Have you seen a ghost, Mary ?" The question was addressed to Miss Ashby, who, with white face and hair disarranged, suddenly made her appearance from the back part of the house. " Good gracious, Mary! What is the matter?" cried her father before she had time to reply to Bowyer, who had sprung hastily to his feet. " Mr. Hawley, father; some one has just knocked him down near the wood- heap;" and tbe words had scarcely been spoken before Mrs. Ashby's door flew open and she rushed in and wildly demanded to be informed what had happened—a circumstance which seemed to amuse Bowyer vastly, notwithstanding the tragic gnarnishing of the episode. "Mary says some one has just knocked your brother down at the wood heap!" said Mr. Ashby, who hurried from the room, followed by Bowyer, and proceeded to the scene of the assault, where they found Hawley staggering confusedly about like a half-drunken man. Stephen, what iB the matter!" wildly exclaimed his sister, clutching him by the arm as she spoke, "Are you much hurt?" "Hurt, no! Why should I be hurt?" asked that worthy, who had apparently been half Etupefied by the blow he had received, "Do you know who struck you?" demanded Bowyer in a hard cold tone. " No, but I should like to!" answered Hawley savagely, evidently recovering rapidly. "But why should they strike you, Stephen?" demanded Mrs. Ashby, as the Schlinkes, attracted by the voices, arrived on the scene armed with a great 11 aring slush lamp. "How should I know?" sulkily answered her brother, who seemed disinclined to have any light thrown on the subject, for he said roughly to the new comers, " What are you bringing that thing here for? You're not wanted; so clear out." Then, as the German seemed rather loath to depart, be repeated the latter part of his speech with the addition of an oath, and began to move away, apparently with the intention of returning to the " Pirate's Den ;".but Bowyer, placing himself in the way, insisted on knowing something more of the alleged assault; for he felt instinctively that Hawley had been molesting Miss Ashby. " What is that to you, I should like to know ? and I'd advise you to mind your own business," growled the overseer, as he tried to pass the big squatter, v ho put him back, exclaiming— " No, you don'c. Not till you tell us what you know of the matter." " What are you interfering with my brother for?" exclaimed Mrs. Ashby, trying to force herself between the two. " X only want to know the right version of this affair. And if your amiable relative has so far forgotten himself as to interfere with Mies Ashby, he shall answer to me for it," cried Bowyer fiercely. " Were you interfering with her ?" cried the etepmother, apparently almost as excited as the owner of Wisnawarillia, " Interfering with Mary, you idiot. Why should I interfere with her ?" replied Hawley sullenly to bis sister, as he stood at bay. " Idiot indeed! if you were not interfering with Mary, what were you doing, and how did you come to meet out here in the deik? Please to answer me that," cried Mrs. Ashby, raising her voice to a shrill key. "Are you all mad, I'd like to know? Perhaps if you asked Mary about the matter, before you came snapping around me like a pair of cur dogs, you would have saved your breath to cool your own skilly," sneered Hawley—referring to an article of diet that ought to have been familiar to him. " 0 ! you were together then," screamed his enraged sister, and without waiting for an answer, she turned towards the place where she fancied Mary was standing and began to pour out the vials of her wrath in that direction, only to find heifeelf addressing vacancy, for Mary was then in her own rcom, moistening her pillow with bitter tears. "I think we had better go inside, Isabella," s&id; Mr. Ashby. "Yes, we had better," snapped his wife, nursing her wrath to keep it warm. "Stephen, you had better come with us, that your head may be examined, and you can tell us how all this came about. If we stay here, some of us will be getting a bang too," said Mr. Ashby, peering uneasily into the darkness. "There's not much the matter with my head. I'll just have a look round for the cowardly beast who struck me ; but before I go I want a word or two with you, Isabella," moving a little apart as if to secure privacy for his communication. " And you may want," cried the lady venomously; "you can keep your communication for someone else—I don't want to hear it"—which said, she moved towards the house followed by her husband. " Don't be a fool, Isabella," said Hawley meaningly; but woman-like she persisted in her course, though Mr. Ashby suggested quietly, "Had you not better hear what your brother has to say?" " Very well," Baid Hawley meaningly, and then striding off across the fiat he muttered to himself," This place is getting too hot to hold me; and that infernal Jezebel will about finish the business—bless her." A&Ifor; Bowyer he began a search for Hawley's assailant, disappearing in the darkness down the bank of the creek. 