BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. Lieutenant Greely, tbe Arctic explorer, has been appointed chief of the U.S. signal service. \- Authentic information of how Gordon met bis death at Khartoum was only received on the second anniversary oi the sad event. Spiers and Pond's barmaids in England are not allowed to shake hands with customers. "Familiarity breeds contempt," don't you know 1 The post-office authorities at Berlin are making extensive experiments with a view of connecting the whole of the towns in Germany by telephone. A movement is being set on foot in London to erect a memorial to the late W. E. Forster, which will probably take the form of a 6tatue in the Imperial Institute. The United States postal authorities have about abandoned tbe search for the registered mail pouch that was stolen between New York, Pittsburg, and Indianapolis. A New York correspondent telegraphs that larger orders for war material for France and Turkey are now being executed in the United States than were ever known before. Considerably more than a half million sterling has accumulated at the Bank of Eugland in the shape of unclaimed dividends oil consols and other Government securities. The ex-EmpreBs Eugenie approves of tbe marriage between Princess Letitia and Prince Roland Bonaparte, and she will give the bride a handsome marriage portion and all her jewels. An unsuccessful attempt has been made to set fire to the dock at New York belonging to Morgan's New Orleans Steamship Line, by means of a bottle containing phosphoric liquid. The cost of the meetings which were held last year under the auspices of the Irish Loyal and Patriotic Union was .£3615, and the cost of the publications of all sorts and kinds .£6586. Within three months two of the guards of the RuBsian mail cart which runs between Yeronej and Taganrog have been murdered by the postilion. In tho last case 20,000 roubles were stolen. The ex-Alderman O'Neill, of New York, who was found guilty of bribery in connection with the Broadway Railway affair, has been sentenced to four and a half years' imprisonment, and to pay a fine of 2000dols. At the Bow-street Police Court, London, Arthur Foster, a shorthand writer, was eenl for trial charged with obtaining £5200 by means of a forged authority, and with forging an endorsement to a cheque for this amount. Ex-President White has given his magnificent historical library to Cornell University, U.S. The library consists of 80,000 volumes, besides 10,000 pamphlets and many rare manuscripts, and is valued at 150,000 dollars. At the Folkestone Police Court a man named Solomon Scamp was charged with cutting off the manes and tails of lour horses. The animals belonged to Mr. Broadley, at Broadmear farm. Prisoner was committed for trial. Connection between diphtheria and croup and the keeping of pigeons (in which he say, be found microbes of diphtheria) is tiaced b? Brussels physician who asks the members cl a local medical society to investigate his theory. At tbe Middlesex Sessions William Berkeley, who is known by several aliases, was sentenced to five years' penal servitude for defrauding farmers, who were induced by his representations to send produce to him to be disposed of in London. Miss Mary Anderson is in Paris devoting her entire energies to mastery of the French language, which she studies every afternoon with a French professor. She will appear tbe Gaiety in New York next May in a new drama by Gilbert. A deputation of Spanish Republicans is now engaged in Paris in drawing up a new revolutionary Republican programme. Tbe anniversary of the Federal Republic of 1873 was celebrated by several banquets in Madrid on the 11th February. News has been received at Durban that tbe evacuation of Tamatave was quietly completed on the evening of January 25. The Hova flag was hoisted on the following morning under a salute from the French guns. The native bank is Collecting tbe customs. The British Government has decided that there is no reason for interfering with tbe women who at present earn an honest livelihood Ijy working at the pit bank. There aru 6000 of them. The men's trades union have been trying to boycott them by a new law. Prince Bismarck is reported by the Berlin Post to have bidden an inquiring member cf the Prussian Diet look at the French preparations, at General Boulanger, and at the 16 years'outcry of the French Patriotic League, if he would know what Germany had to fear from France. The Chinese Government have obtaiued two balloons in Marseilles, which have just boen sent on to Tienstin in charge of a French aeronaut, who is to teach the Chinese officers how to manage them. One balloon is 6000 cubic metres in volume, and the other 3000 cubic metres. According to information from San Francisco, it appears tolerably ceitain that it was the intention of the man Hodges to injure, not Madame Patti, but a millionaire, Mr. Flood, who occupied a box at the concert. Hodges has been identified as a local Anarchist and a hater of capitalists. A Paris correspondent telegraphs that in 'be event of war tho cbhf command of the French army would probably I e entrusted to General Ferrier, while General Billot would command the army ot the north, General Wolff that of the centre, and General Davout that of the south-east. M. Chevreul, the celebrated French chemist, who is in his 101st year, attended a recent meeting of the French Academy, and conversed with his colleagues for nearly an hour. M. Chevreul, who enjoys excellent health, stated that he had no intention of abandoning his scientific researches. Her Majesty (says London Figaro) cannot be congratulated in her capacity of Duchess of Lancaster on having had a very good year. Bad times still continue to press upon her tenants, and out of £5083 which they were in arrear at the end of 1885, only £314 133. 6d. were paid up during 1886. Elizabeth Berry, 31, a nurse at the Oldham Workhouse Infirmary, was at the Liverpool Assizes found guilty of the murder ot her daughter, aged 11, by poison, for the sake of £10 insured on her life. Mr. Justice Hawkins sentenced the woman to death, remarking that the murder was cold-blooded, merciless, and cruel. A scare (says the Pioneer Mail) has set in among the poorest citizens of Calcutta. Some ill-disposed person has circulated the rumor that the Sirkar requires a large number of human heads for tbe jubilee celebration, and there is dismay in consequence among tbe low caste people, whose heads would be naturally the cheapest. A Blue-book just published about Burmah gives returns from 17th November, 1885, to 31st October, 1886, and in that time II officers and 919 men died from diseases, and 2032 officers and men were invalided, showing a waste of 3053, without reckoning the 91 (11 officers and 80 men) who were killed in the same space of time in encounter with dacoits. The Berlin Post has brought actions against the Deutsches Adelsblatt, a Conservative newspaper, and a number of other journals, for having stated that iu publishing its recent article about General Boulanger the Post wai the dupe of a Bourse speculator, who pocketed £300,000 by the transaction through the fall in the exchange caused by the article in question. The Vienna correspondent of The Times reports that General Kaulbars, who is at present in Vienna, expects to be sent back to Bulgaria, and that he is under orders to be in readiness to start at an hour's notice. The General says that by exiling fix Bulgarians and imprisoning 12 others he could provoke a general reaction throughout the country in Russia's favor. Lord Wolverton has devoted the salary which he received as Postmaster- General to a scheme for securing throughout the whole year accommodation at the Morley Home, St. Margaret's Bay, near Dover, for four London postmen who may happen from time to time to need rest. This is a very creditable proceeding on the part of Lord Wolverton, and is worthy of imitation. Merlatti, who was so much talked about, is (says the Morning Post Paris correspondent) still in Paris. He has now taken rooms near the Porte Saint Ouen, and is engaged painting a picture which he hopes to exhibit in this year's Salon. He no longer looks the ghost he appeared durfng ths last phases of his fasting experiment, but, on the contrary, seems remarkably well, and talks of another experiment. Some months since the ship Occidental took an English pilot against his wish from Liverpool to San Francisco, in order to avoid the delay incident to landing him. Judge Hoffman, of tbe United States Court in San Francisco, has rendered a decision allowing 4000 dollars damages. The matter has been submitted to a commissioner for report. He fixed the sum at 2000 dollars, but, after argument, the judge decided as stated. The Czar, in conversation with several personages, is represented to have expressed bis views upon Panslavism in tbe following sense :—'" The Panslavist agitations involve antagonism to a great Russian policy, and the efforts made by the Panslavists in that direction have assisted in bringing about the confusion in Bulgaria. Panslavism cannot be identified with the monarchial policy, to which it is opposed in many respects." News has just been received at Cardiff of tbe loss of tbe steamship Coumoundourcs, of that port, while on a voyage to Carthagena. She struck on the rocks near La Castella. A terrific snowstorm was raging at the time, 8nd the crew suffered terribly from exposure. The steward went raving mad. One of the crew sustained a compound fracture of the leg and another a broken arm. With the aid of the Spaniards, the crcw eventually reached the shore. The calling out of 100,000 Russian Reservists, which has lately formed the subject of comment in several newspapers, has, it is asserted, no connection with the present political situation. The step is merely taken iu virtue of the laws ol 1874 and 1881, which for practical reasons had not been enforced during the past few years. In fact, provision was made for the measure in this year's Budget, in which a sum was set aside for defraying its expenses. At Wolverhampton recently Emily Blddlestone was sentenced to a month's hard labor for frauds on servant-girls. The prisoner pretended to be the posseBBor of a magic crystal, by looking into which she could inform her clients the kind of husbands they were likely to have. One girl went through the ordeal three nights iu succession of gding upstairs backwards, getting into bed and saying her prayers backwards. The promised lover, alas! never appeared, and she then told a policeman. The council of the Incorporated Law Society of London have resolved, in celebration of the Queen's Jubilee, to give a series of entertainments in London to members of the profession throughout the country. This will include a grand banquet, to be followed by a ball, and one of the principal theatres will be taken for a special performance, to which the provincial members of the society will be invited. A special committee of the society has been appointed to make all the necessary arrangements. » A determined attempt to break up a Primrose League meeting was made at Mannington, Dorset, Euglaud, by a number of agricultural laborers. Brickbats were thrown through the windows of the schoolroom in which the meeting was held ; and a party of vocalists from Wimborne, who arrived in a cab, were chased back, stones and other missiles being thrown at the conveyance. Two ladies were seriously injured and several other pet sons hurt. Mr. Bond, M.P., had been announced to speak at tbe meeting, but did not arrive. At Bettisfield Colliery, Flintshire, two men, named Roberts and Pri'cbard, r. ho were working overtime, were descending the pit, when, through the failure of tbe machinery, they were precipitated to the bottom, a distance of 280ft. The nature of the accident prevented descent by tbe same pit, but an exploring party soon reached the spot by way of a neighboring pit, and they discovered the mutilated remains of the men. A crowd of several hundred people assembled on the pit-bank while the exploration was proceeding. A correspondent of the Rangoon Times says : —" The late dacoity at the village near Puntaza was marked by diabolical acts which seldom accompany dacoities, even by Burmese. They poured kerosene oil down the principal house-owner's throat and sit fire to it, and on his showing where he had hid about 1000 rupees and some jewellery they killed him because, it was not enough ; they then covered his wife's clothes with oil and set fire to them, with the object of making her disclose other hiding-places, but as she could not do so they left her to burn." At Glasgow Circuit Court, George Goodhead was charged with murdering his wife on New Year's Day in a house in Bartholomewstreet Sarah, a little daughter, stated that her father drew her mother out of bed, struck her, knocked her head repeatedly on the floor, and, after murdering her, washed tbe blood from her face, kissed her, and then cried, " I'm ready for prison." Her mother, when dying, gasped " Good-bye to my baimB." The jury returned a verdict ot culpable homicide, and the priBoner returned a verdict of penal servitude for life. A charge of flagrant ingratitude is preferred against the Marquis de Rochefort, the editor of the Parisian Intransigeant. It is stated that the bargee who enabled Rochefort and his Communistic friends to escape from Noumea in 1874 was never paid for the use of his boat on that memorable occasion. The New Caledonian authorities expelled him from the colony, and he has since earned a precarious living as the landlord of a small hotel in Australia. He is now in Paris on a visit, and intends to call on M. Rochefort for adequate recognition of his services. Madame Adam recently stated that 25,000fr. was cabled to Rochefort, so that possibly the bargee's story iB untrue. Strange tales from the island of Tristan D'Acunha were recently brought by the ship M'Millan, from Hull. Captain Grey of that vessel was informed while at the island on February 9 that the only safe sea-going boat of tho island had been lost sometime before with 16 young men, and their loss was felt exceedingly by tbe small community. Since the misadventure to these, moreover, a boat's crew had left two days before the arrival of the M'Millan to search for some sign of two young sonB of a gentleman in Chester, who were travelling in the ship Earl of Shaftesbury. They had gone for a row in one of her boats whilst the ship was becalmed, and were lost near Inaccessible Island. Their father had offered a reward of £1000 for proof of their death, or any definite information concerning tbem. The expedition, however, iailed to obtain a clue as to the missing young men. The semi- official North German Gazette, published on February 17, has tbe following letter from Barcelona : —" The newspaper reports ot purchases of horses and mules having been made in Spain on account of the French Government are confirmed on unquestionable authority. The horse and mule dealeis here have been informed by their representatives at Camprodon, Piugcerba, and in the neighboring districts that any price iB being paid by French agents for animals suitable for military purposes. The general in command here has been informed that, in conscquence of the large French purchases made in the Cerdana Valley, no horse or mule fit for work is now to be obtained." The North German Gazette also contains a communication described as proceeding from a trustworthy source in Unter Franken, in Bavaria, stating that sheep-dealers from the Palatinate and Alsace-Lorraine who trade with France are buying up at any price all the sheep obtainable in the neighborhood of Schweinfurt. A farmer living at Castelnaudary, in the Department of tbe Aude, France, had, owing to the prompt fidelity ot his dog, a narrow escape from being murdered. The details of the case read like a chapter of a dramatic tale by Sue or Dumas. The farmer had just returned with his dog from the fields as night waB beginning to fall. His wif<) told him, on his entering the house, that she had given a glass of wine to a strange man, who had come to her pleading thirst, and that the person had then gone away. The dog, however, began sniffing about the place, and suddenly barking aloud with savage fury it flew under its master's bed and seized tbe strange man, who was hiding there, by the throat. Tbe fellow tried in vain to throw off the animal, but it tore out his windpipe and killed him. The gendarmes were then sent for, and they found a dagger, a revolver, and a thieves' whistle in the pockets of the deceased. Bidding everybody to go quietly into a room and to remain quiet, one ot the gendarmes blew the whistle with all his might at an open window. The device succeeded admirably, for in less than ten minutes four ruffians appeared on the scene and entered the house. They were immediately arrested, and did not offer the slightest resistance. Referring to the prospects of the Imperial Institute, a London correspondent, writing on February 25, says :—" The prospects of the Imperial Institute are decidedly improving, thanks mainly to the publication of the Queen's letter to the Mayor of Bradford, in which her Majesty specially intimated that the Imperial' Institute scheme is pleasing to her. This has had the effect of drawing forth a subscription of £1000 from tbe Mayor oi Bradford, and it is understood that the good people of that town will raise amongst themselves an additional £5000 towards the Imperial Institute fund. Birmingham has also promised a donation of £3000 for the same object, and other large towns are expected to tollow suit in a like generous spirit. At present only between £50,000 to £60,000 have been subscribed in Great Britain. But the ball has been fairly set rolling, and donations may* now be expected to come in rapidly. The Australian Agricultural Company has set the example to public commercial concerns of subscribing towards this movement, for at the meeting of that company held this week it was resolved to send a donation of £200 to the Imperial Institute fund. Meanwhile, there is no relaxation in the vigour with which the Court and Marlborough House influences are being brought to bear in favour of the scheme." What might have proved a very tragical occurrence has been adroitly nipped in the bud by a Parisian chemist. An elegantlydressed yonng woman, wearing a thick veil over her face, went into a pharmaceutical stablishment at Clichy and asked for a phial of vitriol. The chemist, whose suspicions were aroused by the mysterious manner of his customer, asked her some questions, to which ehe gave evasive replies. He then gave her, instead of vitriol, a bottle of perfumed water, and directed a man to follow her and watch her movements. The man did BO, and soon saw the woman take up her position at a street corner, phial in hand. After having carefully uncorked the bottle, she waited, and, as a young man well known in the neighborhood passed by, she flung its contents with a yell of triumph in hie face. The man received the perfumed water in his eyes, but although it only made him smart for a moment, he roared like a bull of Bashan, and cried out that he was blinded for ever. Meanwhile, the emulator of Marie Beer, who thought she had inflictcd a terrible punishment on her falsehearted Adonis, ran swiftly away, vainly pursued by Borne of the bystanders who bad witnessed the scene. The chemist's man, however, set everybody's mind at ease by describing the pious fraud employed by his master for the prevention of another Parisian drama. A thrilling story of the sea was related by the captain and crew of the Ware Qaeen, barque, on their landing recently at Plymouth from the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Tasmanian. The vessel left Troon, in Scotland, and waB almost immediately overtaken by heavy gales. These lasted for a fortnight, when they increased. On December 20 a tremendous sea washed all boats overboard, and nearly swept the majority of the crew away with the wreckage. From that time the water could not be kept under, and the men had to be lashed to the pumps. Such was the force of the waves that dashed against them that they had to be restored to liberty, but the vessel was somewhat steadied by cutting away the foremast. Next day the mainmast and all the rigging left was carried overboard by a terrible fquail. The men surrendered all hope. A German brig was sighted, and hoveto, but, having no boats, was compelled to resume her course. Another day and night passed in this way, and then the steamship Devonshire, bound for New York, saw her signals, launched her lifeboats, and succeeded with the utmost difficulty in bringing off the whole of she men. The mate, Duncan Taylor, had to be hauled from a mass of wreckage, and then it was found that three of his fingers had been cut off. The boatswain, James M'Leod, was picked up for dead, and so badly injured that he subsequently went out of his mind. His throat, too, was cut by the wreckage as though a knife had been passed across it. 