'TlOME^AMO FOREIBKL IRELAND, GLADSTONE'S LA.TEST ON HOME RULE. THE OLD HEKO HEAVE AS EVEJB. On Friday, July 30, Mr. Gladstone addressed a meeting of the council of the London Liberal and Radical Union at tho Memorial Hall, the room being crowded to excess. The chair was taken by the president, Mr. John Morley, M.P. Mr. Gladstone, who v;og eiecotapanisd by Mrs. Gladstone, on his appearance, wan moat euthuai ostieally received, the audience joining in singing 'For he's a jolly good fellow.' He spoke for en hour and a half with great fire, energy, and distinctness. Mr. Gladstone said in the course of his speech — Gentlemen — how does the case stand ? You are only twelve months from the last dissolution and already by looking at the evidence, I do not say it is absolutely demonstrative, but it is sound as far as it goes — it is diversified and it is notcoolced —(laughter) — within twelve months of your annihilation you are able to point to a remarkable, a strong, and a determined movement in your favour. (Cheers ) I will refer to three points briefly THE THREE HOME RULE DIFFICULTIES. Tou will remember that on the general election an objection was taken in almost every Liberal quarter to the proposals we had made, by Im perial credit, to buy out the landlords of Ireland, or to enable them to buy themselves out, if they were so disposed. I am not going to defend that plan, gentlemen. (Laughter.) I leave it aside entirely, but I ventured after consultation with those of my friends who I thought could be taken as representative, and ventured publicly and noto riously to express the opinion that it was practi cable for U3 to frame a scheme of land purchase in Ireland adequate for the occasion which should net impose the burden upon Imperial credit. (Cheers.) That surely wa,s an important an nouncement. Well then there has been a tre mendous interest on the subject of the retention of Irish members at Westminster, and there again I believe I think I may say I have the opinion of my coadjutors and colleagues when I refer to the fact that in Wales a few weeks ago I declared that we entirely renounced all adhesion to any foregone conclusion on the subject of the retention of Irish members at Westminster which could possibly interfere with the granting of a full and effectual measure of Home Kule in Ire land. The retention of Irish members at Wesi mins1j,?v is a matter in which Scotland and Great Britain have a right to a determining voice, anc we have as much disposition to defer to it as if we had never mixed in any way with the subject. It is in our opinion a subject which it would be unwise to attempt at this moment to cast into a stereotyped form because wo are perhaps yot years distant from the time when any responsible Government will be in a position to propose any settlement of Home Eule. (Cries of ' No, no.') Well, it may be — you cannot tell (laughter), and a man must be very incompetent, indeed, for public duties who will ever allow himself to be inveigled into so unwise a course as to make pre mature judgment upon public affairs. ATTEMPTS TO STIR UP BIGOTRY. But what I say is that the supreme and para mount consideration still is Home Rule for Ire land, and any question with regard to the exclu sion or retention of Irish members at Westminster never will be allowed to be used to interfere with the attainment of that one object. (Cheers.) On a third point we have made an important de claration, though it really amounted to no more than this — we have referred to the language in 5 which we originally proposed Home Rule. At- I tempts that will never receive sanction in this hall — in this hall which is a temple and sanctuary of religious liberty — yet attempts have been made to stir up Protestant bigotry — when I speak of Protestant bigotry, all bigotry is the growth of narrow minds, and of that advantage has been taken, and we are told of the horrors that are im pending over our Protestant brethren in Ireland. (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen if you ask me my be lief about those horrors, I could give it in a very few words. I do not believe the Protestants in Ireland expect it, because their language in the North is this — ' We are opposed to Home Eule, but if there is to be Home Eule, we will never separate our lot and destiny from the destiny of these islands.' On that subject, gentlemen, we have said all that we can say, and even those who find fault with us rake good care not to bind themselves any further. J We have said over and over a^ain from the first to the lasfc that if there were a disposition to sever some portion of Ireland which, may be found, and which may fairly be called, a Pro- ' testant part of Ireland, and if the public desire I and mind of that portion be in favour of that severance, we will not stand in the way. (Hear, hear.) Can we say more ? Well, gentlemen, I want to call your attention to this fact. I have detained you (' no, no') by statins in some detail those three points, the use of Imperial credit, the retention of the Irish members in Westminster, and the leaving free and open also the question of the granting to some portion of Ulster if it should be desired a separate system. Now my proposition is this. I do not see how it ? is to be denied. Those three efforts on our part have at least been three considerable efforts towards approximation and reunion. (Cheers.) THE LIBERAL MUTINY. Have they been acknowledged as such (loud cries of 'No') by the dissentient Liberals? There is not a man among them, so far as I know, either among the leaders or among the followers, who has ever thought it worth his while to give one word of acknowledgment of any of these con cessions. But, gentlemen, I refer to these matters not because I feel that our position is shaken and undermined by such a state of things, but be cause I wish to put into your minds the con clusive answers to those who still have the bold ness, I believe, to allege that we have shown no disposition and made no efforts in order to bring about n, reunion of the Liberal party. Now, gentlemen, I come for a moment to a more cheer ful point, and it is this—Lord Hartington, I think very much to his credit, has been kind enough to express the hope which he cherished, that at a future time the Liberal party may be found again ivnited in its efforts to carry out Liberal designs notwithstanding the present darkness — there is a Kind or a Liberal millennium pointed out to us looming on the horizon, and a sort of far-off light already appearing, but, unfortunately, it is a light too distant for the world in which we arc actually moving (laughter and cheers), to facili tate our movements, 01: even to cheer our spirits a little under tho difficulties of the moment. How over, do not suppose for one instant that I would make light of such a prospect. I hope with all my heart that it may be realized. I know the sincerity of Lord Hartington's mind and chaivie ter, and I am'quite sure he would not have spoken of such a thing if it weee not in response to the dictates of his heart and conscience; and, gentle men, with respect to MR. CHAMBERLAIN. (Hisses and cries of ' No.') I think you will agree in what I am about to say. I think, with respect to Mr. Chamberlain, though it is possible that he may like a certain amount of enjoy ment in the cushioned ease of that society in which he now moves with such a pace (laughter and applause), and which exhibits a very just ad miration and appreciation of his remarkable talents (they are most remarkable talents) — yet I doubt very much whether Mr. Chamberlain will be able — he is a young man, and I am glad to say that he has 20 or 30 years probably before him — I greatly doubt wliother in those twenty or thirty years be will be able to find the most comfortable and satisfactory domicile among those who toil not, neither do they spin. (Eenewed laughter and cheers.) I by no means put aside or lightly esteem this prospect of future Liberal union and co-operation. But while I earnestly desire the early advent of that time, I would point out to you that you have got something to do — you have got some business to dispose of before you are in a condition to reap the rich harvest of blessing which is thus dangled before your eyes. The pre sent position does not admit of being misunder stood. I have told you that nothing in my opinion could be more fair, more unbiassed, and more satisfactory than the conduct throughout the country of those Liberals who at the last election either withheld their votes er even opposed us. I haA^e not a word to say against them. THE UNIONIST RATS. But with respect to the gentlemen within the walls of the House of Commons, and with respect, not to the future, with regard to which I entertain all my hopes, but with regard to the present, there is no mistaking plain, simple facts. They are a wing of the Tory army. (Hear.) They are more than a wing. I tell you this is the plainest way. If instead of these 70 dissentient Liberals there had been in the House of Commons seventy more Tories, the Tory Government would never have ventured to submit the propositions that ? have made the history of this present session dis astrously memorable. It has been Liberal credit, it has been the ghost of Liberal reputation and renown, that has enabled them to do these things under cover of a remnant of the shadow of Liberalism, which under the features of naked Toryism they would never have ventured to propose. (Cheers.) It was plainly natural that 1 those who disapproved of Home Eule should say — ' Well, here are excellent Liberals ; they will continue to be Liberals on everything but Home Eule' That was a. natural antici pation. It has been completely disappointed by experience, because these gentlemen honestly and consistently have found their views upon the subject of Home Eule to be of such inestimable importance and such infallible truth that every thing else has been given up to them. Now in re presenting to you that the seventy-eight Liberals and their immediate followers in the House of Commons are for the present that portion of our foes that we have most reason to take account of (laughter), am I giving you an opinion in which they do not concur ? Not at all ; I am simply making myself the echo of their sentiments. 'FAILURE OF THE RENEGADE OPPOSITION. There is no doubt, I believe whatever of the fact that Lord Hartington recommended the dis sentient Liberals of Spalding to vote for the Tory candidate. I understand it to be equally certain tqat Mr. Chamberlain desired the Dissentient Liberals of Coventry to vote for the Tory there. (Hissing.) I do not say tha,t the Dissentient Liberals of Spalding or of Coventry followed that advice. (Laughter and cheers.) The fact that they did not follow it only tends to illustrate tho necessity of that broad distinction which I am for the present drawing between dissentient Libe ralism in the Hoiise of Commons and dissentient Liberalism beyond the walls of Parliament. We have hoped that the Land Bill as it now stands will confer benefits of vital importance to Ire land and give comfort— comfort as it is under stood on the other side of the water — confer comfort upon Irish, families, and peace and order upon the country. TORY TRIMMING. How, gentlemen, lias the Land Bill got into this form ? You are more or less informed — some of you very well informed — that the Land Bui has within the last few weeks — perhaps one week, I know not how many days — undergone a com plete transformation. A complete change, and let me say a most blessed change. (Applause.) I am thankful beyond what I can describe for the change in the intentions of the Government, but what were the motives of that change ? They ara, indeed, the most singular. Two hundred thousand tenants merely — I think it is between 180,000 and 190,000 — I am rising round numbers who would have been bound to pay rents, many of which we know from the report of the commis sion have now become exorbitant for a term of what is still 10 or 12 years out of tho 15 for which they are given — those 200,000 men are now to be enabled to go freely into court and have their rents re-adjusted for a term of three years. Well, that is an enormous change made. Why were those 200,000 men who had been rigorously shut out — why were they admitted ? WHY THE TORIES CAVED IN. Was it from jjoino lofty considerations of J humanity — was it some enlarged view of iihe duty of statesmen to look into the far future1 and' to provide for it with but a secondary attention to the feelings and interests of the moment ? Were these the causes of this great change of mind ? No, gentlemen, it was not the interest or the con dition of the Irish tenant that brought about this change — it was not the horror which had thrilled throughout the country in readiag the accounts of the Irish evictions — it was not the just weight due to the recommendations of the Commission — the 'Royal Commission which in the autumn of last year they had themselves appointed and to which they had entrusted the consideration of the subject, and on which, unless we are greatly misinformed, they did themselves at the period urge that the judicial rents should be re opened. It was none of these things, still less was it the arguments of men like my right lion, friend in the chair or Sir William Havcourfc. (Cheers.) It was not regard to the constitutional representatives of Ireland, to the body'of five sixths of the men legitimately chosen upon a large and extended franchise, much less perplexed with the property vote, that we are here in this country. It was not regard to the Irish representation, least of all was it regard to the British Liberals that brought about the great change. In one sense it was regard to the dissentient Liberals. Yes, but how ? — in regard to their statesmanship, in re gard to their arguments — it was simply due, gentlemen, to the process familiarly described as THE COUNTING- OF NOSES. (Laughter and cheers.) Lord Salisbury 'counted noses ' in the House of Commons. Having so done, he found that if he adhered to those pro visions he might be beaten. He assembled his friends at the Carlton, and he said I give you the choice between on the one hand the abandon ment of that which we have been invoking all the gods as to our determination to observe, and on the other hand a dissolution of Par liament. (Loud cheers.) That is a transaction, I believe, entirely unexampled in our Parliamen tary history, and for the quality which, is called cynicism in its present and most undiluted form, in the absence of any sentiment on the part of Lord Salisbury, when this transaction required some robe of decency to cover and shield it from tbe public eye. It not only is unexampled at the present time but it will remain unexampled down to the end, if the end ever comes, of Parliamen tary Government. (Cheers.) One fact more. The judicial rents are to be abated, or adjusted, I think they call it, for three years, and this is done in the month of July, 1887, after the dis agreeable session I have described, of the Coer cion Bill, after the Cloture, after the servitude of Parliament by the surrender of its time, after the establishment of the despotism of the Govern ment by its exemption from criticism. PARNELL WAS RIGHT. Why is it done now ? That very same thing was the thing, and neither more nor less than the thing, the essence and substance of which Mr. Parnell proposed in September, 1886, and which, was then indignantly refused. (Loud cheers.) At that time every Minister who spoke declared that it was impossible to touch the basis of these rents with honesty. They, at least, would not be the men to hear of it. Had that been done then not one of these disgraceful incidents of the ses sion of 1887, which I have recited to you ever would have occurred. (Cheers.) There would have been no stimulus to crime, there would have been no occasion for evictions, because every man who could show an exorbitant rent would have obtained either a temporary abatement of rent, or at least time, until the case could be decided upon the report of the Commission, and there would have been no Plan of Campaign. THE PLAN OF CAMPAIGN was one of those devices which I for my part can not reconcile with the principles of law and order as they are understood in a civilized country, but which I know perfectly well to be the natural and necessary results of misgovernment (cheers), and with respect to which if they be blameable, and I cannot deny that I find it difficult to acknowledge that the Irish people are one-tenth part as blame able as the misgovernment that is the parent and the source. (Cheers.) Mr. E. K. Causton, M.P., moved and Professor Stuart, M.P., seconded the following resolution, which was carried unanimously — ' That this meeting of the Council of the Lon don and Eadical Union heartily welcomes the Eight Hon. W. E. Gladstone, M.P., and expresses its entire confidence in him as leader of the Liberal party, and its hearty support of his Irish policy, whereby the effectual control of affairs specifically Irish may bo secured to the Irish people, a true and lasting union brought about between the two countries, and the Legislature enabled to turn its attention to those reforms which are so urgently needed in Great Britain in general and in the metropolis in particular. 