traveller. Celestial Oddities -'J lie Chinese wear while, dunug the periods of mourning, never black. They irhitcn ihoir shoes withuhalk I instead of blacking them, aud mount their bnr?cs from the off side. Tbc men in <)bina woar the pctticoats. while the women inva. riably wear pantaloons. Men run the dress making and millinery stores, and every man carries a fan, cither in his hand or tucked in ihc collar of his dress behind the neck, Women smoke on all occasions. "When a has suffered an injury at the hands of another and dtfiros revenge, instead of killing his offender he kills himself, believing tbat tbe man whom he hates will be held accountable for his death, and will be fearfully tormented by di-mous in this world and in the next. If a t''liinaman wishes to especially honor any. one. he assigns him to astaudingor fitting position on his left hand. Instead uf a Japan, t-se womau compressing her feet as her t'hinese sister does, she .has a custom far more disgusting. They naturally have tine teeth, but when a woman marries she is compelled by custom to dye her teeth black, which process i6 repeated every few years. The effect is hideous io the extreme. Themostimportant article of a native woman's dress, is the obi, or sash. This is usually of costly mate, rial, and is tied behind in a huge bow with the strictest carc. When A Japanese woman becomes a widow and signifies-.her determine-, tion never to marry again, 'ties the-obi in front. They seem to smoke all the time. Tbe tiny Japanese pipe contains but two or tbree whiffs, and as the tobacco is rolled up tightly in the fingers before it is inserted, the ash when 6bakcn out is a small fireball, from which a second pipe islighted. At a Japanese feast the same cup is passed from hand to hand, cach person rinsing it in a bowl of water after using and -before offering it to another. Tbe lowest class of Japanese are buried in a squatting position, in a sort of barrel. It is a mistake to suppose that the burying of the dead is universal in Japan. The rich and the noble are buried in square coffins, tbc body being partially preserved from decay by tilling the nose, ears and mouth with vcrmillion. After death the person receives a new name. This name is *• Okwuna " or tbc accompanying name. It is customary on accasion of the first visit toa house to carry a present to the ownCT, who gives something of equal value on returning ihc visit. Oars in Japan are found with stumps where there should be tails. Sometimes this is tbe result of art.and sometimes the course of nature. All the temples of Japan, as well as of China, have gacsfs' apartments, which may be secured for a con. sidenition, cither for a short or long period of time. It is wrong to suppose tbat there is any desecration of asacred shine for the purpose o(t using it as a hostelry: itisthecus. torn of the country. The praciice of suicide by disembowelling is of great antiquity. On entering a Japanese house the native removes Jhis sword, leaving only his dirk. The rooms of the boose arc divided by paper screens, which form partitions, and they may be'made into one room at will. Dynamite for Sharks.—There arc not many ways of destroying this bated and dreaded sea-tiger. To harpoon it needs a practised eye and a cunning hand j moreover the vessel should be at anchor or becalmed and the shark stealthily moving within reach of the Ijarpooner's musclc. The lump of beef or pork, the large hook con-, nected by a chain to the line, the adroit paying out of the bait in the true spirit of, malignant coquctry — these arc the old fashioned and still .enduring, devices, which • have been the reason of many thousand of the sailor's abhorred enemy giving up the ghost, and then returning to the deep in mutilated fragments, to serve as food for other-sharks. 4tut, unhappily.-this method of lisbing is not sure. Tbc -creature often.; escapes after gorging the hook. To make his destruction certain it is necessary to blow him up; and this has lately been performed with such great .success as not only to entitle those who undertook tbe business to the applause of the .seafaring world, but to invite earnest -imitation whenever opportunity suffers imitation to be possible. The story has been thus related: A ship was lately laying -off Tort Katal.-when several huge sharks, some of .them exceeding fifteen feet iu length, were observed sweeping the vessel's counter and along her -sides. A hook was baited and thrown overboard, and tos immediately swallowed iv' one of the biggest of the 6harks,. which ijuielly -cut tbc line with his teeth, taking no further notice of it. The following fitratu<iQm was then hit upon :— The breast of a ttuck that was rather "high,and the fitter bait in consc^uencc for sharks, who cannot be regarded as very nice in their eating, was weighted that it night sink:: and inside of it there was placed. . hand charge of gun cotton, the whole being connected by a wire with an electric batteiy.. 2so sooner had the.venison reached tbe water than the shark made straight for it, but justashe openedliis^nouth to swallow-the bait the charge was exploded, his jaws being completely shattered. The inonster turned on his b'a& and sank'in the bay.. Here is ^ satisfactory assurance that there is one shark lessin the fiea, though such is this -fish's ex. traordinary tenacity of life that, had the shark not made a sure death sign by turning on its back and -quietly sinking, the blowing away of part of the head woulduot have persuaded tiiosc who'knew the creature's vi», tality to feel sure that lie was dead.'. Cat a shark into pieccs. and like fragments of Ihc everlasting worm, each piece .will go on pulsing Tvitb-a hideous instance of life* Cashmeres €&$ita!aud its People.— iJashmcrc, which'iias- jast^beeri devastated :byau «arthg u&e;, Hvcstipart of; tndijy'including the-/rale of ^Cflshmcrd. ^madi: iambn.s by .the poet .Moore; ^caau^^ .ithpli^it^l/'Siasj>opaHatiun ; laboat^neibuhllri^jto 3l«xtcnds about Sour nulesialorig ijoth *>f a xdecp .and placid Stream, -\about three hundred feet-wide. ;3.«bom-1ts Jtiejijjiiifnl situation and. i Enumerable canals, .Beringur ha^ been caUed the T^enlcQ of Asia: bat thc •dtyia. for the most part, €xtremely iUthy. Tbc houses, which arc generally delapiated, . built of "thin Airicks, ivitb limber frames, many -ot them three .stories high. Sixty thousand people -can worship jn the mosque. Tbe capital is the centre x>£ the shawl inanufactuieiofKJasbmere. > .'j Themenare ta'J,^robust sveliformed.and apdustnoue': the women famous for. iheir beauty jind ftnc complexions, . ^iiey area' 4jaypeople, foud-of pleasure, iiteratcre and poctij*, but arc represented ^yranany tra* vjjJlcrb.as peerless in •cunning and jjavoricej •andaotoriously addicted to.3ying.. Notav'ith- .staudingthu beauty of their vale^be ^ppu-' lation, sinpe the beginning rof ^he present century, has been reduced irom weight iiun- ' 4red thousand to two hundred tbousand by' pestilence, famine, and«arthguokes.(; Under the treaty of Lahore, in, i84G} theiBntish government came into control, but 'immedi-, atel.v sold the country $.oiJZ7l>Qfil)0: The pi-CbCnt ruler, by-a .compact jnade^at.-iGbe time of the purchase,.i6 Jtolbeassisted iby43ie' British in defending.liimaolf against'his; •enemies. ..•,"* .Children Lose iHWeigbt.-Boctors'saj that mothers who .take -jiridi^u the weight of tboiraicwly'boni ch'iidtcn,*' should weijih thein as soon as possil)le.aftei?hirJJi. Children lose their weight during jbc-.Sral ttircc day* uf life, .and .the loss someiiiiicsttinoujug to twelve ounces or more, ft taken iticm nearly a week .to regain the woigli t tbcv bud at tlie time of birth. A timid.Ohinainandinci) tuc v lmliiauf Ml. Holv.iku .Sutniimra-n few v ninec. JiisJauriUic reiuiirk at Jcaviiig \v: •' lot, much plenty girl.*' . 