Published every TUESDAY & FRIDAY ItlOEKiliGS .Be just, ;m«l te.u* no detail the ends thou atm’st at he thy country’s, thy God’s, .vi.d j. TUESDAY* MARCH /••<*, 1SS7. The Deeuhuust and Sutton' iprabble over a pigeon shooting wagerhas become conside’-’hi v mag nified owing to the peculiarity ot the ilecision cf the magistrates who heard theoase attheDistrictUourta few days ago. The charge against; the noble DEEr.nuu.ST was dis missed, and the plebian Sutton was order to be imprisoned for fourteen days. Most ot our readers are, of course, conversant with the facts, but we will, for tiie camca tion of those who are not, br.etly summarise them hero. Sutton made a wager with Lord Di'.Eit HU11 ST, who is ii iJ-dc-onnp to the Governor, about some pigeon shooting, and the latter lost to the extent of X2M, which he was un able to pay until lie telegraphed home to his papa, t hr* Eari of Coventry, for it. I*'lie mean time Sutton had threatened to “ post ' at the Victoria Club, and his Lordship by way ot reply said ‘‘he could post and be damiied.’ Ultimately the sum was paid to Sutton through theeluo, 'on;, mat gentleman was much incensed, ao bcir.geonsigned to damnation by liis lordship, so meeting the young gentleman smoking a cigar and rather inelegantly perched on the bar-counter of an hotel, r.vuig pretty, and no doubt, lordly tilings to the fair dispenser ot' drinks, uio irate bookmaker asked tor an apology or withdrawal <>f toe odious part of his lordship s letter. The ropiest was ret used, and alter a little parleying the y out id ul lordling impersonated ihe p'dice, and attempted or pretended to arrest the bookmaker, ihe la.tei drew the back of his hand mor his lordships mouth, pnstic.i mm away, and said " so much tor the arrest-J For this .Surrov •’ instigation ot the " noble lord was expelled ftom the Victoiian Club Hence his proceedings mute .Mel bourne district court for assault, constituting it, virtually, a curt of appeal from the elub committee’s resolution. The result we ah ! know. The bench was most j curiously composed, ami to toe | surprise of many, Lord ! who is yacht"ng about w. h his lady mother, was gracious.} ac I commodatod with u seau lUaon^ the concourse of J.l? s.- the ma jority of whom had come p; 'paied to take part, it seems, in a display of sycophancy and toadyism. Colonials are truly democratic, f and the decision has arroused 1 quite a feeling of indignation. It f is not Sutton that is sympathised ( -with. His blaek-gunrdly pro- ' pensitics are acknowledged" on all hands. They are freely admitted, hut had nothing to do with the , case before the vioiivt: the cross- ] questioning <»f Mr Puhvks and its i unsavory outcome may have been i justifiabletoasccrtainthecredibility of the witness, but there was ample evidence forthcoming with out his own. Lord Dekuhcust declined to be treated likewise and \v*s most lenient examined it is by no means improbable, judging by tbc letters with which the Melbourne dailies have been ik,. ’ t a public meeting will be held by the citizens of the metropolis and suburbs to give a public expression of opinion on the subject. That Lord Dkichhi kst \v:,o ,.s much onnore to blame than Sutton there can he no question. In the first place a gentleman holding his high social position had no right to associate with black-guards like the “ English bookmaker” at all, and had no light also to be dangling his legs over a bar-counter in a v Bourke street hotel, or in fact frequenting the Suttonian haunts. It is palpable tlie “ assault ” was a reciprocal affair, and both parties were to blame—if anything, Dekk HursTthe most, for being on the scene all. Yet the nobleman is dismissed and the commoner sen tenced to fourteen day's ’. I’OIXTS AT VKSTEJtnAYS CorxctL Mket isc!.—Full report next issue. Number of curious folk presout when proceedings commenced expecting to witness the /toots consequent upon Mr M‘Lean’s de termination to take his scat at the table in .spit** of tbc President and other coun cillors. Mr M ‘Lean did not put in an ap pearances, sv the little came was spoiled. Co rrespon d c,. _-e, principally routine. Amongst it was a letter from the Railway Department, notifying the good news that a Farmers’ Excursion train to Melbourne would run on tbc Goulbum Valley line on 30th March.—Dealing with a circular from Department of Agriculture the coun cil agreed to offer a bonus of Is per dozen head of sparrows, and in compliance with a request made by the local Agricultural Society, the secretary was instructed to convene a conference at Sliepparton Jon 2Sth inst., of the adjoining municipal bodies to hasten on the establishment of an Irrigation Trust on this side of the Goulbum.—M’Clure’s tender for firewood .—j- price &; and for sanding the Tjl.h-gzroopna road Messrs D.tnu and Stead each tendered at 1/10 per yard After a lengthy discussion the outlet! ! agreed to divide the work.—Mr Nickin con’s monthly report, which was received, sontaiued two or three important clauses, —Concerning the site of bridge over the Broken River, between Guthrie’s and Smrmtou’s, MrJno. Furpliy, of Kialla, asked that tbc council would stay action till an expression of opinion as to the most advantageous site was determined on by the ratepayers interested. Mr Furphy’s request was favonrrbly en' rlaiued.- Con cerning this bridge the Kortli Riding councillors disclaimed any liability in the cost of construction, yet at last ntect:ag tktj assented to a motion that the work be carried out by thcBhire as a whole. The question has yet to be settled.—Mr K. 1 I/mgstaff, on behalf of a number of towns- I men, asked the council to ascertain when tke.o would beany likelihood of the town ■ clock being landed in .Sliepparton. The President informed Mr Longstaff that lie called upon Mr Gaunt many time-: of late, when in Melbourne, respecting the clock* and was told it would be completed iu bontt hrec weeks. In five weeks, at the otistide, it should be fixed in the tower. Some misunderstanding about the bell of the clock, and the matter was left in the 4*rer.i irnts hands, the council being deier mined, apparently, to have this necessary adjunct though it was not ptovided foriu ^ '•'/‘lLrucl-—Cr M‘Crockett “held out the . ' “ as Cr Ford put it in connec tiou with the reticulation question, (the last business that came on for consider ation by submitting the followingresolution nasvcuildeil by l rXl‘Donah ried unanimously, amidst acclai “That this council regrets that any t: standing should have arisen conce much required reticulation of tl parton township, and in order tol amicable adjustment of the dill suggest that the plans and specific Messrs Grainger and Tippiug be si for examination by, and selcctio peeing engineers in the Water Si partm and that provision (not e a sum of Ld0)be made to compel unsuccessful competitor. The ! was iu-trveted to inform Messrs I and Tipping of what it was intc do, ami immediately on receipt answer to forward the plans tn tli ^ w!>°™ they will be hand, It is with extreme pleasure note the Railway Coniniissionc ^alled tenders for the construct railway line from Numurkah to J Wc have it on excellent author tenders for the Dookie and Cohn Will follow ill the course of a weel latest. Mt. Uptight and his col lea, cviuently determined to keep th anise that the three lines will 1* < traliw iu rime fur the grain season At the Tuif Club meeting tl uighr, Mr McO-i'-ken said whet, bourne last he was told by the c file p'jrt* tnan, that the Slieppart Club had the best .Secretary to b *n the colony. This is indeed mentary to Mr Turnlcy and el,0 •venture to say, induce him to clic hope that in the not far distant ft may even step into the shoes of tli *°”s and . fiiv-cnt Mr H. Byron M< Mr G. \\\\. Hall, M.L.A., iuforins us that lie is in hopes of inducing the Vic y>rian 'V.nmissioners, of the Adelaide International .Jubilee Exhibition, to visit Sliepparton and tbe district. We sincerely trust Mr Hall will be sncccsssul in his undertaking. The Athletic Sports meceting at Miepoll, which take place on Thursday, promises to pass off very successfully. Handicaps for the principal events arc £iyen in another column. "ft itii the glorious rains that have illcn of late, ploughing operations arc c eing commenced on every side. With the C uantity of land in fal’ow throughout the ] 'Oulburn \ alley, there should b; a tre- v .tendons area under crop this year. J I 1 he hack mcetiug held under the aus- " tiiars of the \ ictoriau Amateur Turf Club ^ t Caulfield, on Saturday afternoon, seems * o have been one of the most agreeable of 1 he season, and was attended with delight* 1 ul weather. The attendance of the ■isitors was fully up to the average at .his course, 'there were si1! events on '' -he programme for the afternoon, the ipeiring one being a Selling llacc, whieh was won by Maroonev, with the Ghost second, and Scorcercr third. Vi'lialebon was tlrst, Goodwin second, and Huntsman diird in the Hurdle Race, and in the .St Ivilda Cup, for .which 13 horses started, Almso proved the winner, I’haon second, and Ixohni third. Swoatmeat Avon the Steeplechase from Marmion, llonlettc and b:x others, and Box won the Federal Stakes, llcdonin being second and Escut cheon third. Finally, the afternoon's racing closed by Vascoso winning the South Yarra Handicap from 'A'illiam Tell, Straight Shot, and eight other runners. Hkuk ts practical evidence of the excep tional suitableness of this district for the cultivation of the vine. In Spriug last, Mr. Thos. Noble, of Kialla West, grafted a Gordo Blanco cutting on to a very in ferior vine. Yesterday we bad the plea sure of discussing tlie merits of a luscious bunch (ono of three). The fruit is scarcely rb'C, yet palatable, and a fine specimen of ! the variety which is coming into popularity '■ so fast throughout the colony. The Anniversary of the Wcslcya Church was celebrated last week unde the most gratifying circumstances. 0: Sunday, Oth inst., the llev S. Harris, c Kyabram preached practical and masterl sermons in the Public Hall. On the fo! lowing Friday evening the time-honorc tea meeting took place in the same built: '"S- f he tables, four in number, wor given by Mesdamcs Bedding, Archbohl Moncrieff, Wallis, Kogers, Lake, Missc I'ord and the Bachelors, over which tahl Misses Seholes and Dudley presided Ample justice having been done to th thousand and one good things under wbic! the tables figuratively groaned, littl time was lost in arranging for the aftc meeting over which MrG. W. Hall, M.L.A. prcsidetl. In his introductory remark! which were very appropriate and, at timt h umorous, the chairman got his audicuc into an excellent mood and succeeded at tnirably in paving the way for subseqnci speakers. Rev W. Taylor,M.A., (Chure of England) said it was the first Wesleya tea meeting he had attended in his fif< He was proud of the Wcslyau dcnomiin tion for many reasons, and thought til church with which he was connected coul very profitably take a lesson from thei Methodist brethren in more ways than out Hev J. Wcstacott (United Mcthoilist heartily congratulated the Weslcyaus o the success of another anniversary. II was proud to think that tiie Parliament c Victoria numbered amongst its member two such excellent men as the ehairma and Mr Graham. The shi/r/s of our Lcgis latnrc had licen raised considerably c late years, and with mcmlicrs of the stam of those mentioned scattered hen; am there throughout the various constituency he believed it would continue to rise in th future rather than degenerate. The re gentleman then referred to tlie immens influence wielded by the Parliament am Clergy of this colony, and In an intcrcstin{ speech which for the most part was im promptu, drew distinctions between tlieoc cupationof a politieianandMinister.BcvA Medley (Baptist) delivered the speech c the evening. His remarks were dircetei to yonng men. In choice language, and style that gained for him the closest atten tion of the audience, he pictured the temp tatious and snares to which young men entering upon life, were subjected, am held up Christ, and an unwavering cou fidence in His merits, as the only safe guard against such temptations and snares Rev t>. Seholes said he had intended mat ing a speech, but to do so in so trying a atmosphere would, he thought, only L inflicting a hardship upon his audience He did not go through the stcrcotyp method of submitting the balance sheet fo past year’s work, lint gave a verbal state meiit of the financial position of the elmre which was in every respect satisfactory The rev gentleman said he would tak public farewell of his congregation a another time and in another place. Be hearty vote of thinks to the ladies an. fcatchelors by w hom the tea had been pro videdand waited upon, the singers and al wdio had in any way lielpeel to make th. Anniversary the success it was. The pro position was carrieel by acclamation. Dnr ing the evening a very efficient choir, unde the able leadership of the organist, Miss Ford, rendered several very choice an thenis. Miss Carrie Gellett sang a solo ii her usual sweet way, and for their render ing of a duet, Miss Ford and Mr J. Kitth were heartily applauded. The Horology, folio well by the Benediction, brought a highly successfalanniversary to a close. The Speaker his i-tuied his writ for the election of a member for the constituency of Dalhonsie in the room of the late Mr J. G. Sands. The 17tu inst. is the lates .lay for lodging nc urinations. The polling will take place on the iitli, and the writ is returnable for the lstprox. Tnv. United Methodist harvest thanks jiving .services were held at Tallygaroopua UUI Tank Corner last week. Mis* Gillierp [ire.icue I on t>.e Sunday and asst sted the net-!; eveuingmeetings. The Churches were V'-".Y tastefully decorated *.vi‘.i: rryroprinte mottoes, fruits, flowers, grain, etc., and reflected much credit upon the ladies whose Fair fingers wrought mi dexlciomdy at the work. Tiie meetings were well attended, nd the donations lilieral. The lTutch between the English sricketors and 1;> of the East Melbourne L-lnb wan continued on Saturday, when the visitor* occupied the wickets for the whole afti i n.-.ii, scoring 270 runs for the * loss of eight wickets. Lohmnnn, with 09 lot ont, w.i. the highest scorer ; Scotting mntribnting 7', Barlow 24, Shrewsbury 16, Bates IS not outs and Gunu 17. The natch was continued yesterday. Mil 1'.. .1. Daly desires us to state there s no foundation in a rumor, which seems jo have ginned currency, that lie had w itli IraAVn from the election on 23rd inst. Mr Sutherland has. we understand, given way ! ° Daly, so the contest will now lie be veeu that gentleman anil Mr Brooks. The second competition for 1 rophy is to be completed at lifle Butts to morrow afternoon. Till; particulars of a romantic rb.Uution ise were heard in the St. Hilda Police onvt onFridny morning, •when a youth,> allied Krnest Reid, a native of Sandhurst, as charged with the abduction of Annie c laud llogan, a girl IS years old, whose J arents reside in Migh-strcet, St. Hilda. t 'he two had frequently met, and been out j or walks together, and the case was appar "I ntly a love affair. At 3 o'clock in tile 1 Horning of thoiSth nit. the girl got out of 1 icr lied, dressed, and met Kcid outside * ;ier fathers house. From there they went ^ it Polltli Yarra, and hired a call, thcnccto ' i restaurant in li.nssell-strcct east, wheie i hey had something to cat. Spcncer-strcct ' ivas the next move, and the pair caught , the early train to Sandhurst, lleid took the girl to an unoccupied house, and they remained there for three days and three nights. Reed providek food and blankets, lie occupying one room anil tlie girl an other. A youth, named Rolcrt Chirke, was also with them. • She only left home at.Ill-id's repucst. Nothing improper took place between the two. The father of the girl stated that his daughter was not in the habit of walking about the csplan'r ade at night time. He gave her a thrash ing aliout six weeks ago for walking witli Held, and he had warned the latter to keep away from the girl. On the evening previous to tiie abduction the girl wa g ling for a bath with her sister, when they were met by the prisoner, anil a conversa tion eiiMied in low tones. When arrested, Reid said that lie had intended to go to New South Wales with the girl, where he hoped to get work upon a station. Hogan was arrested in Sandhurst upon a charge of vagrancy. She was then in company witli lleid, who was also arrested. The charge against the girl was withdrawn, and she was placed in the lox to give eridencc. The defence raised was that Reid merely aided Hogan to go for a trip to Sandhurst and there was nothing more in it. No im-‘ proper relations had existed between them, and no force had been used by Reid in get ting the girl from her home. She vent willingly. The Pencil committed the pri soner for trial, hail being allowed in two sureties of £3J each, and himself in £100. Is ooNKKQtJKNCK of the extent to which their business at that place has increased, Messrs J. .\rX.miara and Co. Iiavo decided upon holdinghi- wceklyStock Silos at Nu imirkali, on the first and third Friday in each month. The opaniug second sale in the month is announced liy advertisement for Friday next. Wk noth with pleasure that the many friends of Miss Carrie Cellett are deter mined to present that youg lady, prior to her departure from Shepparton next mouth, with seme fitting token of their appreciation. A preliminary meeting is called by advertisement for this evening in thc'Mcchanics’ Institute, at half past seven o'clock. It is announced in our advertising col umns that the local agents of Messrs T. Robinson and Co’s Cilsenan's patent Cultivator, Messrs Knight and Field, pur pose holding a public trial of this machine, which is entirely new to the Gnullnini Valley, at Mr Young's farm, near Mooroo pna, on Monday next at 1 p.m. and at the same time next day on Mr J. K. A. Field’s farm, Kialla West. Arraugcincuts will also be made for subsequent trials of the Cultivator throughout the district. We trust our farming constituents will note this intimation, and lend their patronage to a labor saving machine which, from what wc can learn, is likely to prove a great success, by attending the trials in good numbers. 