A Ghost Story. There was a large party ot us commercial travellers in the smoking-room of the ' George.' One of us had started the subject of ghosts, and we were very merry over stories of folk, fou and 6ober, who imagined they had seen a ghoBt and afterwards found their mistake. Jim Peters, however, who was the oldest man in the room, sat smoking in silence. He usually led the conversation of any company he hap pened to be in, and had besides a large stock of anecdotes, so that his silence was remarkable. « Thinking over a good thing, Peters ?' said some one. 'You are very quiet to-night' ' I don't like your joking about the subject,' said he seriously. ' I once saw a real ghost.' Every eye wasinstantiy turned onhimatthisannonnce Betas took a rip of to4dy and/proceeded to refill fajipipe, . - « remarking at the same time, ' It happened a long time ago, before a lot of you fellows were born.' Our curiosity being excited, we pressed him to relate his experience. ' It was about 40 years ago,' he said. ' I was quite a young fellow, but I held some very good commissions in the wine trade. A traveller's life was very different then : there were no railways; I did most of my journeys in a light gig. I had been up through the Highlands as far as Inverness, and was driving over to Elgin, when I saw the ghost. It was a wild night. A storm of wind and hail sprang up, and I made but slow progress. Darkness set in while I was still some miles from the town. The wind was cold and piercing, and the hail felt like drops of molten lead upon my face. I don't know that I ever was more miserable. However, I comforted myself as well as I could, and longed earnestly for John Laing's fireside. He had been a customer of my father's, who was on the road before me. I was always sure of a good order and a warm welcome from old John. Well, I say, I was heartily wish ing myeelf at his fireside over a tumbler of toddy, when the wind lulled a little and the moon came out, and to my sur prise I saw coming towards me no other than John Laing himself, accompanied by a tall, dark-looking man. ' ' Why,' cried I, ? are you so far from town on 6uch a night, Mr. Laing?1 ne did not answer but walked on, and as he passed I leaned over the gig side to repeat my question. Great God! his throat seemed cut from ear to ear, and in his hand the tall man carried a razor dripping with blood ! 1 sat spellbound watching them, till the moon once more becoming obscured I lost sight of them in the darkness. The cold Bweat was standing like beads on my forehead, and I shook in every limb. My horse had been strangely restless since the two appeared, and now that they were behind him he set off for Elgin, despite the wind ana rain, as if the devil were after him. ' I drove straight to John Laing's house ? ' ' And found your friend all safe and sound,' broke in one of us with a laugh. Peters bent forward and said solemnly, ' I found that he had been got in bed that morning with his throat cut from ear to ear.' A cry of horror broke from us ; but Peters, waving his hand to command silence, continued, ' The motive of the crime was clearlv robbery. John Laing did not believe in banks. He had a small safe in his bedroom, in which he kept his savings. It was open and empty.' *' Was the criminal never found ?' asked some one. ' A stranger- a tall, dark man — had been hanging about one of the hotels for some days. He disappeared at the time of the murder without paying his bill, but all efforts to find him failed. I waited for poor Laing's funeral, and then made my way southward. When I went to square up I_ found that the firm from whom 1 held my be6t commis sions had taken in a partner, and as he was to travel I was no longer required. The others I held were not much to depend upon; so 1 looked about, and at last got a start from a large grain and flour merchant. I had to cover the south of Scotland, and so far into England as Newcastle. On my first journey to the latter place I put up at the ' Piercy Arms,' a nice new hotel. I got on very well, and booked some large orders. One evening, as I was returning rather later than usual, I encountered a tall, dark-haired man in the hotel lobby. He seemed aghast at my appearance, and gesticulated wildly, saying, 4 The man in the dream !' He was in such a state of terror that I looked closely and curiously at him. I felt a cold shiver come over me as I recognised him. He was the ghostly man I had seen with the blood-stained razor that fearful night. He recovered his composure long before I did, and said, with an attempt at a smile, ' 1 have to apologise for my rudeness. I am the landlord, Mr. Harris. I was practising for private theat ricals—I hope you did not think me mad.' I tried to look as if his explanation was quite satisfactory; and, declining his invitation to step into the bar- parlour, passed on to my room. I did not sleep any that night. I lay tossing in bed, trying to unravel my thoughts about the matter, but it was no use. The house seemed strangely quiet, and an eerie feeling which had hung about me since my encounter in the lobby became more and more intensified. The shutting of a door somewhere downstairs seemed to break the spell. I bounded out of bed and pulled up my blind. It was a beautiful moonlight night, almost clear enough to read by, and to my surprise I saw the landlord, Mr. Harris, sneaking down the 6treet, with a small black bag in his hand. My mind was instantly made up to follow him. I watched which turn he took, and, hastily dressing, followed as fast as I could. As I suspected, he went straight to the docks. The tide was almost full, and the London boat would sail in an hour. I saw him go aboard, and then looked about for a policeman. I had resolved to venture on a bold stroke. Fortunately I easily secured a constable, and telling him I wished to arrest a man for murder, he got another. When Harris eaw me come aboard with .the police, JBhe turned ashy pale. ' ' I accuse; this man of the murder of John Laing;, in Elgin,' I said. ' ' It's a lie !' he shouted, in an agony of fear, asgthe officers seized him. ' Now that he was captured, the full responsibility of my situation flashed on me. I had absolutely no evidence against the man— nothing but niv own sure conviction, the reason of which I telt sure would only be laughed at by any one else. As we walked to the police office the prisoner continued to glance sideways at me, and to mutter to him self. By a great effort I managed to hear, ' The man of my dream — the man of my dream.' ' ' Yes,' I said, ' the man of your dream !' He started at my repeating his words, and the policemen tightened their hold of him, thinking he meant resistance. ' * You need not be afraid,' he said in a shaky voice, ' I won't try to escape ; I'll confess all when we get in.' ' And he did confess. He was the very man. He hid in Elgin after the deed was done till darkness fell, then he stole out of the town. He passed me on the road, and was terrified by my hailing him by the name of his victim and staring at him so earnestly. How 1 came to sec my poor old friend by his side, or to see himself carrying: the weapon with which he did the awful deed, no one* could ever ex plain. I have always held that it was a vision permitted me, that I might avenge the death of mv poor old friend.' ' What did Harris mean by the 'man of my dreams,' ' said one of us, ' and what became of him ?' ' He was hanged at Edinburgh,' replied Peters. ' My saluting him by the name of his victim and staring at him ?o earnestly made such an impression on his mind that he constantly dreamed of me as pursuing him to hand him over to justice, as indeed I did. That's my story. You see I have good reason for not thinking ghoBts a fit subject for laughter.' 