THE LAY OF THE LOBSTER. [From-Harper's New Monthly.] Go button your boots with a tiger's tail, Comb down your golden hair. And live for a week noon bubble and sgueafc On the Bteps oi a winding stair. And whenever you feel like a conger-eel, Or ae bard as an old split-pea, Unfasten the lid as the hedgehog did, Then come and listen to me. It happened when the sun was high, And the wind blew fresh and free, When the bottle-nosed whale was lonchieg on shale, And washing It down with the tea. It was close by the side of a lonely stream That foamed on a desolate strand; And a box was in her t Ihs raised the box, and she gave it a shake. And she smiled when she found It was fill; Then she played on a fife with the edge of a knife. Keeping time with a three-loot rule. ' And this was the song that the lady sang— "Just open this box for mi; I love sardines whsn they're boiled with beans, And mixed with the sands of the sea." The sound oi her voice was sweet to hear, And was wafted o'er many a wave, Till at last it fell, like a siren spell, On the heart of a merman brave. He listeied awhile, them smiled a smile As he looked at himself in the glass, Thsn dressed with speed in an ulster of weed Aad trousvre ef tasgle and grass. He west to the place where the lady sang, Amd hs heard what she'd got to •be told him the dish was sardine But he bolted clean away. Fsr Us brother-la-law was of kin te a skats; The skate was of high degree, Aad every one knew it was perfectly trae Sardines were the cousin of he. With a terrible frown he dived straight down ^To the depths of the ocean green ; Hie trousers he tore and his ulster, and swere They would never again be seen. Bnt the lady sang as she sang before— "Just open this box for me, For I love sardines when they're boiled with beans, And mixed with the sands of the sea." She sang this same, but « nobody came, She thought it aB well!, try, ■o down on the rocks she hammered the box, And then she began to cry— " Ob, I love sardines when they'e boiled with bsaas, . And mixed with the Bands of the sea. I am dying for some. Will nobody come And open this box for ms 1" Now all alone, close under a stoat, A lobster was lying asleep; At the sound of ber cries be rubbed his eyss, \- And picked hlmsell up for a peep. He could open the box without any knocks. So he went and be ofiered hie claw. At the sight ol the beast her misery ceassd, And she asked for a shake of his paw. He gave her his claw on the desolate atraad, Bnt he never would let her go. " My lady," tays he, " you'll come with ms To tks regions down below." He took the lady straight away To the depths of the ocean bine, And whatever became of that beautif el dame There is nobody ever knew. There are some folks say on the first of Hay •be is seen with a glass in her hand, And that she was sold to the merman held Who cams to the desolate strand. Bnt every night when the moon shines bright The ghost of the lady is seen. All dressed at her need in an ulster ef weed, And ber bait is a bright sea-green. And the ghOBt of a great big sardine bex Comes stalking along the shore. And the ghost of a little sardine fish Goes rollicking on before. And the fishermen bear the sound of keoeks, And, " Open this box for me, 'Cause I love sardines when they're boiled with beans, And mixed with the sands of the sea." Monu,. Now, ladies all, both short and tail, Who love to eat sardines, If you ever take any, don't let it be many, A nri nevOT with ftfutd fLfid heillfl. W. D. acorr-Mwciiir*. 