THE NEW SOUTH WALES BUDGET. In the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday, the Treasurer delivered the financial statement. The deficit estimated by the late Pmuier had been exceeded by £445.200. Oil the 31st December, 1880, the deficit amounted t-i £2 508,212, and this he coilsidcijed was brought about by the expenditure of money on things not absolutely required. The ordinary expenditure would be made equal to the ordinary revenue. The deficit would be kept separata from the other accounts of 1887. The lion, geullfcman (reviewed the causes whicu l-'d up tJ the deficit and said that if ordinary care had been used there would have been a surplus instead of a deficit at the dud of last year. Extravagance aud improvi. dence had marked the action of the last Government, especially in connection with public works, while the expenses of the Civil Service had been larnttiy iuerrascd. There would have to be a great reduction, but it could not be completed this year. In 1S77, when our populition was 643 000, the expenditure per bead was at the rate of t6 19s 10d., and it increased from year to year until at the present time it was at the rate of iO Is 3d. The public loan Iliad increased at a still greater rate, and in 1880 the debt per head was £35 9s 3J. The Government had entered upou, of course, retrenchment, and if allowed time would greatly reduce various portions of the Civil Service which could be done| without injury ti the public. The estimates for 1887, would be £8,270.0113, which was £402,739 Jess ihan the estimates of 1880. In consequence of the new Land Bill, if carried, a saving of £ 150,000 would be effected. The railways would be placed under an entirely new management., and this would be the cause of a reduction of £'63,000. The estimate! for the Put lie Works Depaitmeut was £877i51S, being £220,000 less than iabt year. The only {department which could not be reduced was the Post-office, which was 1041,120. With regard to the deficit, the Government did not ttiiuk it ought to put them to any serious present inconvenience.' (Opposition laughter). It wae proposed to liquidate the deficit by means of debentures, extending over a period of eight years, redeemable by yearly instalments, commissioners to tike charge of the liquidation of the deficit. It was intended at once to bring in a bill to repeal the ad valorem dutiel', keeping the Custom-bousc open for revenue purposes only, believing that local industries cunld better thrive without such artificial suppoit as tuc duties in the question. The ad, valorem duties would ni>t cease till t!ie 30lh September, which it was considered was fair time for importers. He was glad to announce that the prospects wpre brightening, through the magnificeut season and good prices in England for wool aud other colonial produce. The Customs revenue, too, was much higher than that at the same time last year. He did not expect more than £200,000 from auction sales of land, and £1,220,000 from land sources, which as a matter of fact was less than last year. It was proposed to give extended time to pastoral l.sts for the payment of back reuts. With regard to the loans, it was not at all probable that the Government would appear in tbe London market during the preseut year. A bill would be introduced to include twenty-seven articles for taxation. Another hill would be introduced to tax all kinds of ale, and it had been estimated that the revenue from this source would be so large that tbe present ad valorems could easily be dispensed with. Tbe following articles would be taxed :—Spirits (including brandy, gin, geneva, liquors, whiskey, mm, perfumed spirits, wines, ale. and beer), tobacco and cigars, tea, sugar and molasses, coffee, chickory and chocolate, opium, rice, dried fruits, cements, confectionery (dried and preserved in Bugar), galvanised iron and steel, wire, janw, fruits (boiled), nails, oils, powder and shot of all kinds, timber (dressed and undressed), starch and starch powder, candles and stlearine, preserves (including tapioca and sago) and preserved milk. He did not propose to increase the tax on tea. It was estimated that the reveuue from 'these would amount to £.">0.000 more than would be raised by the present duties. The duty oil spirits would be raised to 14s per gallon, which would.give £S75,000 Oil the subject of beer the New South Wales brewers would give little information, but in Victoria there was brewed in 1SS5, 14,4 00,749 gallons, and in 1880, 14,753.152 gallons. He therefore reckoned that the consumption in Nov South! Wales was 13,000,000 gallons, upon which it was proposed to put a tax of 4d per gallon. With their anticipated revenue the3 - would, at the end of the year, have a surplus of £910,147, so that next year the deficit could be very greatly reduced. The statement seemed to give general satisfaction. OVEE BIZ inches of rain fell in tbe Albury district during tbe month of March. RBSULI8 <>F HISTT BURIAL.—It is eared frays the Evening News) that sufficient care haa not been excercised in dispusing of the remains of the unfortunate men who met their death in the Bulli mine, most of whom lie buried in the Church of England burial ground. Many of the graves were only 4ft 6in deep, and in some instances three coffins have been piled one on top of the other to facilitate burial. Tlie result is that the topmost body is but a few inches from the surface. At the lime elf the burial the stench from the bodies was almost overpowering;. What the'effect will be in a few days after this close, mu^gy weather, on the inhabitants, man; of whom live within a few yards of tbe|cemetery is almost too horrible to contemplate, l'liat something will have to be undertaken speedily to insure the safety of the living is quite evident. The bodies must either be lowered deeper into tbe ground or exhumed and otherwise disposed of. THE ECHDCA-EAST "GHOST."—The residents of Egliu<ifc]E n-t (says the Riverine Herald) are still i^Rviog visitalifws from tbe '* ghost." who ha' for sometime bqen walking in that portion of theborougl 1 . A few'nights since^hree young ladies, who, before leaving the town, they would like to see the " ghost," were gratified most unexpectedly, and they did several hunafed yards along tbe railway siding!leading to tlie^Mes Mackintosh sawmills in a fast time, yellnp Athey went along. He has also been seen by on^^t two other persons. Keen Observers state ihat^fte "ghost" appears to have a phosporous glow d^Bt the bodv, and that he disappears moat mysteri.ijrjj, and can ran like a deer. Several persons tried to indentify him but all have failtd, anTTKy allege there is no possibility of catching the id THE MUNICIPAL ASSOCIATION.—The New South Wales'Municipal Association ca'ne in forashare of attention in Parliament last week, and those interested are directed to observe the nature of tbe reply |by the Premier^ The Daily Telegraph reports on the matter as follows :—Sir Henry Parkes in answer to Mr Hawken, who asked for certain information with regard to the Municipal Association, skid it did not appesr to him practicable to affordjthe information. It was Depart of the duty of thelGovernment, nor had tbe Government the meansf to ascertain whether this association was incorporated or not. They oould net ascertain, nor had they the power to obtain, the information as to whether any of these councils paid any portion of the fnpds of the ratepayers to support this association. I His impression was that if any payments of this kind were made they were not justified by the provisions of the Municipalities Act. So far as they cbuld obtain information oothat head he would try to obtain it, but he was sure non. members ould aee that it was impossible for tbem to go out of their jway to obtain tbe information which the question asked. A CHANGED MAK.—Breakfast Creek, Brisbane, Q . Aug. 8,1886.—I have been a sufferer for three years from liver diseases, troubled with'severe pains | in the! back, giddiness, weakness of the knees, failing ! eyesight, and such complaints as attack mankind at i my time of life, fity years last October. I was com- ' polled! to take to my bed, the pains were so severe, , was weak, low, and melancholy. While lying there l 1 saw! in a local paper Dr. Heinion's confession, whosepase I found; closely corresponded with mine. Seeing what Safe Cure had done for him, I made up my mind to give it^a trial. ' After.tfce first bottle. I noticed slight benefit; I continued,-and after using five bqttles, left my bed a changed man, and was soon a|ble to resume my work. Have used fortyseven bottles altogether, an 1 for the good Warner's safe cure has done me, I nsver fail to recommend it— T. : SOMEBVILLE. 