JLATEST . Ml WIMS, [From Greville'b Telegram Co.] SYDNEY. Monday, lodged Ï1-G0 ; received l-30. The Government íb overwhelmed with recom- mendations, principally from members of Parlia- ment, in favour of gentlemen for appointment to the commission of the peace. The list weighs several pounds, and the number is 827. Not one of these names is recommended by Sir Henry Parkes. To consider each, application on its merits would occupy several days, and the Premier is at a loss to know what to do in the circumstances. The Board to inquire into the working of the country land offices left for Wagga Wagga, and will then likely proceed ta Hay. Beyond that their movements are undecided. The Government has accepted the tender of Mr. Tornaghi to supply a clock and bells for the General Post Office tower at a cost of £5480. The Chinese Commissioners leave for Queensland to-morrow overland ; they are not likely to carry out their intention of visiting Inverell and Tingha, in consequence of bad roads. They will probably break the journey the first night either at Armidale or Glen Innes. At a meeting of the Cabinet on Saturday the verdict of the jury in the Peat's Ferry railway ac- cident was under consideration. Probably the depositions at the Coroner's court will be placed in the hands of Mr. C, B, Stephen, with a view of ascertaining whether or not the jury were justified upon the facts in arriving at a conclusion that there , was disorganisation or want of system in tha con- duct of railway affairs. Then the matter will be further considered by the Cabinet. Received 2.15 p.m. An important circular relating to the destruction of the rabbit pest has been issued by the Mines Department to a number of lessees in'the moro heavily infested portion of the western division. The Department proposes enclosing with wire fencing twelve million acres, the lessees paying 4 per cent, upon the cost, and keeping the fence in repair. A boy, "Field, broke a blood vessel while exercis- ing on the athletic bar at Perth, near Bathurst, on Saturday, and died shortly afterwards. General Schaw, who examined and reported upon the defences of Port Phillip, has written to the' Premier, informing him in response to an invitation mode on behalf of th» Government that he will arrive in Sydney towards the end of the month, for the purpose of inspecting and reporting upon defences of Port Jackson. Lord Shaftsbury was a passenger by the Bteamcr Guthrie, which arrived on Saturday from Foo Chow. He intends " doing" the Australian colonies, return- ing to London via New Zealand. The racehorse Athlete which won the Produce Stakes at Grafton meeting on Saturday, has been bought by Mr. Fielder of Sydney for £160. The V. R. C. has followed the lead of Sydney Tattersall's Club in passing a resolution that all bookmakers who become members sholl be charged an entrance fee of £50. Lodged 5.50 ; received 7.25 p.m. On the wharves this morning there was an in- creased supply of Hunter River lucerne hay for ward. Prime is worth £3 to £3 15s per ton ; other qualities, 30a to 60s; maize, 3s Gd per bushel, scarce ; feed oats, 2s 2d ; seed oats, 2s 6d ; barley, 3s 3d ; bran and pollard, 9d to 9Jd ; Circular Head potatoes, £2 to £3 5s per ton ; Launceston, £3 ; New Zealand, £2 5s to £2 10s ; Melbourne onions, £3 to £3 5s ; swede turnips, £2 ; butter, keg Is, factory Is 3d per lb. ; eggs, 1b 3d per dozen ; cheese, colonial, 3d to 5d per lb. ; New Zealand do., dull 4d to 6d ; bacon, 6d to 8d ; honey, 4d to 5d ; bees- wax, lOd to Is. Cattle, good supply forward ; market firm at late rates. Best beef sold at 17s Cd per 100 lbs. Sheep were in moderate supply, and prices well main- tained. 56-lb. wetheiB, good skins, sold at 12s each. The Chinese Commissioners have found it im- possible to leave to-morrow for Queensland. They will therefore not start until the following day. The Hon. B. R. Wise, Attorney-General, is indis- posed. He hopes to be able to resume his official duties in a few days. The body of young Mr. M'Mahon, who was drowned near Braidwood, has been recovered, and will be forwarded to Sydney for interment. The stables at the rear of Mr. M'Namara's Club Hotel, Bega, were totally destroyed by fire. Cow droy's store was also much damaged. The loss is estimated at from two to four thousand pounds. . The Minister of Works has decided to run a Bpecial train for the convenience of Members of Parliament and their wives desirous of attending the Adelaide Exhibition. The train will leave Sydney at 8 p.m. on Thursday. A private cable received states that Bishop Pear- son had arrived in England, and that the medical expertb who have been consulted are hopeful of his ultimate recovery. In reference to the reported suicide of Mr. Tebbit, late of Murrurundi, a subsequent inquiry goes to show that although he died from the effects of a self-inflicted wound, that the wound was not inflicted with homicidal intent, but merely to re- move temporary pain. With reference to the human bones found by the police near Penrith, whilst searching for a reported ghost, it appears that a foul deed has been committed. The guilty one first attempted to bury his victim, but not having proper tools to do so, he tried cremation. A hole, started for a grave, was found near the remains, and close to the spot where the vision was reported to be seen. Lord and Lady Brassey left, at 3.30 this afternoon for Newcastle en route for Brisbane. On Wednes- day Lady Brassey will go overland from Newcastle to Brisbane via Tenterfield. 