On the Wing. Williamson, Garner, find Musgrovo's Company opened In Dunodin, (N. 55.) on Boxing night to noarly £200, and could have had certainly anothor £100 If room could have been found in the theatre. " Tho Magistrate " was a " boom " and ono of those booms that oarry a long way. They produced next " Hazel Ivirko," Anson's great pleoe, then "Jim the Pen man," with " Betsy" to follow. Tho compnny comprise 21 poople. They carry thoir own scenic artist, mechanist' and property-man. John Liddy Is gon eral business manager for tho firm. MaoMahon and Loltoh's Oompany openod at Abbot's Opoi a House, Auckland, on Dooombor 20, with " The Stlrer King," to a splendid house, Large audlonoes havo assembled nightly.—rEola, the Por man family, and a combination oompany, openod In tho City Hall, Auckland, on Monday December 27, when a largo number of spectators wove present to witness the performance.— "VVoodroffo's Glass- blowors stilt being well patronised In Auckland.—Miss Georglo Smlthson opened at tho Theatre Royal, Mastorton, on Boxing night, with a pantomime. Tho Wyburd Dramatic Company havo boon doing capital business In tho Tarn nnkl district. Thoy wore at Hawora on Dooombor 21. Wyjjbim.' R be via openod at Ohrlst ohuvoh, on Boxing night with " Dark Days," Tho house was orowdod from floor to colling, Tho plaoo was with drawn on Dooombor 80, and tho following night " Only Dust " was put on, Mil. W, 13. Shmiudan, fclio woll-known tragedian, was woundod iu battlo during the ulvll war In Amorloa, and slnoo that tlmo. 22 years ago, ho has at times suf fered groat pain from his Injured right arm, Lately the agony has grown so Intense that an operation was decided on, and on Monday, January 10, Dr. Tarrant romovod portions of tho bono, Mr. Sheri dan Is In a very arltloal condition, con fined to his bod, at Sydnoy, Mxsa Zaidmm de Rotiih, who rooontly performed with tho unlucky dramatic company at tho Alexandra Thontro, suod In tho Molbourno Dlstrlot Oourt this wook Messrs, Hayos and Manning, cos tumiers, for lift deposit on a dross, Tho costume wivs ordered for " Undo Dick's Darling," for ill 10 ) iUfl to bo paid In ad vance, and tho rcmaludor In instalments of Mil 10s, wookly, Tho defendants, It was alleged, held tho dross till thuy got tho tiili, and It was on tho vory last moment, just before the rlnglng-up of tho curtain, that Miss dc llotho received the dross, Tho lady wore lb In bho piece that night,but roturnod Ibagaln for alterations, Thou again some misunderstanding oc curred over bho Insertion of a silk skirt, which plaintiff refused to pay for, Tho case auusod some niuusomont, and was ultimately dismissed, Thuhhuo and AgrnU's Automata left for llrisbane on Tuesday, It Is bo bo hoped they will do hotter business than lu Molbourno, Tho show Is nxoollont, and tho want of their hiiooohh at Ht, Ooorgo's Hall was simply on uooounb of the numerous other uttrautUms lu Mel bourne, Miss Nina Pouoioaim.t Is shortly to ho married to Mr, jfivurard. a wuallhv gonlloiuan, at prosont ruskllng In Mot hourno, Judging from Miss JefEroys-Lowis1 opinions of Australia, which hare boen pTlntod by the Sun Francisco Chronicle, that lady evidently clooa not intend to pay us another visit. Sho says :—" I just want to record my solemn warning right here to all American actors and actresses not to go to Australia. It is simply awful. Jn the first placo the pooploare not artis tic. , They don't care for art, and don't know what art is if thoy did care. No American- ever did rocoive justice thoro, nor can one ovor do so. The peoplo aro prejudiced against Americans, and if they want to consign an actress to the deepest abyss of condemnation, all thoy have to say is 4 Sho's an American,1 and that set tles k&r; I I had to play with GoneVievo Waf<l:i!,in a company which brought her out,!aiid wldch oarod nothing for me, and of oourso it was for their interest to show her ojEE at her best advantage, and mo at my,\\\yorst I The company I played with wore'} a crow of porsons utterly, com pletely, undeniably, and irretrievably in competent. I opened. The audience hlssc^ my loading lady in tho first act, In the;1,second act tho play became such an .unutterable faroo in itself, and the lady so'; abominably ridiculous, that I had to appear to quell the turmoil, I had to flyeftfnp (dl my old familiar plays, and now onos. I did not play n single one'(,pf niy old'Call forninn pieces, not one, to play without a loading lady, wtqgut an old woman, and without a jttv^mlc character." The Thoatro lloyal jowis calls 44 hardly an excuse for a 'bArn'it" It is needless to say that Miss .L'bw'fs1 statements are a tissue of falso hoqde. Wo only have to quoto tho sue cess'fpf Mr, J, O. Williamson and lSmmett iwHpJjOoinod money in Australia, notwith standing their Amorloan nationality, As. toMp llbol on the lloyal we can only ao cbtaM for her bittor uttovanoos by a roply Miles made to aounsol, who oross iOXpmined hor in tho Lord Golin Campbell dlvfproe caso, 44 Womon say Tory bittor ,tttijt|s, wliloh thoy do not moan, whon ■ thej^aro angry." Miss Lewis, llko Dion : B o ug Icanlt, had a quarrol with tho man agement, and that nocounts for her slan "'•iilP1"1™ WnvnisoN (Mrs. Dost) arrived Sydney on Monday. Daring tho .i-j^UwDi' sha has boon ongnged with tho ;'j^Wlty Dramatla Company, and is spokon uYOM'hlghly of by tho Sydney newspapers hiwMpluasing lttblo aabross. especially in ^vbfflH-parts, Wo hope to hoar of hov in ip)l® oi-' oul< thoatros bofora long, .but WibMSON, tho onorgotio ad bo agent oi Fryor's Now United jvs, loft yostordny for, Tasmania, to jo arrangements for tho company at puoston and Hobnrb, Tho oiraus is at Launaoston on Wednesday, Fob, Elolmvl, Fob,7, j from thonao to New Ijaud, and oxpoots to roturn to Mel jfinu toward i noxb Christmas* During ftrlp to tho Fast Indlos, Java, and in, tho company did oxoollont buslnans, SSiam tho company wore prosontod to iKlug, and Ito was so highly ploasod lb lio orderud two performances to bo 'Sn inside the Royal Palace at Bangkok, In addition to the agrood sum for performances, His Majesty pro ted Mr, Flty.aorald the mauagov, with JbunlU'ul white baby oloplmnt, This Iderful baby, whloli is 84 years old, I bo exhibited at the performances In |bourno, In tha Japanese Village, J llrub performatieo takes plauo on klay next Jan, 17, Kai>a.mm UuruV) tho UT'onoh iiobrottB, In norformliiK In thci Unttod Stilton JIukIIhIi, Iiiim just! glvon lift Vouvo oil I, Molllmo and Mhlovy. in order to tu lha Morrow tluit tho horolno o£ thin iudy HiiltoiN In tho lltub not moro Sic 111 k < Miulniuo llltoii brought bur llttlo ■-on tho utiigo droNHOil up In n lovely |t oi: bhiolt omno. Tho ldoii wun u kt SUIOUUHH, und tho UppltUlMU wiih tor« III liinw,villi Hoi.omon, tho iiuthor id lllloo Taylor" again uppaurnd ill tho nhuroiigh i'ollou-ooiu't on Doooiiibor'J, Unnvor it ahiirgo of bigamy wlilnli ItutI |tt pro (orroil iigulnnt, hlin.«~Tlui lumrliig * boon roinuiuiud from (lino to llmo tor nppournutui of wIIiiomhon who uoiibl Ink to tho muniugo of tho ilul'oiuliuit |h M Ihm llolon liiiiilMo l/oomu'ii In A in |(fln nftor bin Unit imu'i'hiKo In 187ft. to in ilnno Inniioii, it young lmlv rimlilliiK |h lior pivrontN In tho nolKlibotuiiooil of Covont-gurdon,—Mr. CJhurchley now said that the prosecutrix desired to with draw from tne prosecution, and had in structed him to offer no further ovidonco, and to ask that the defendant bo dis charged.—'Mr Lo Breton said that the charge had been attended with a con siderable amount of cruelty towards the defondant. Mr. Solomon had for nine weeks—■—Mr. Maiisfiald tho magistrate, interposing observed, that it would bo bettor perhaps, if tho public hoard nothing more about tha ease, and ho should at onoo order Mr. Solomon to bo discharged. A NOVJBb'fpriu ,of entertainment was given at the Ba'th' Saloon, Torquay, last month, by Mr. Mark Ambiont, B.A., the lion, see. of tho Dramatic Students. He recited in costume the whole of Oola rldgo's "Itlmoof tha Ancient Mariner." In the more weird passages, quaint offaots of green lights and curtains wora laid on. Tho experiment was a groat success j so much so that Mr, Ambient proposes to repeat it in London shortly. Tiiifl Adolphi Theutro (Loudon) Is about to be considerably onlurged, Messrs. Clatti having, with bhnt object, soaurod soma adjoining property at a cost of over £80,000, one a jowellery shop, tlio other two old hostelrlos, known rospootlvoly as "The Noll Gwynno" and " J'ho Hamp shire Hog," Tho Immonso popular llttlo house whose history undor tho manago mont of Mntthows and Yaton contributes so many pages to Mr, ISdtuund Yates's Autobiography was rabullt and opened in its prosont shapo on Uoxlug Nlguti 1858. Originally known as tho Snnsparoll, It has boon in oxlstouao exactly eighty yours, Moro fortunate than most of its rivals, it has novor sufforod serious dam ago from lire, though it had a narrow osoapo somo twanty years since, when, owing to somo careless person dropping lighted tobaaoo, a portion of tho flooring of the front entrauoo was ono day found to bo in flames, According to a Parlia mentary return, the house holds 1,5(10 porsons, Messrs, Clattl Intend to moro than double the slzo of tho pit, Tho Immediate cause of this Is the popularity of Tho Harbour Lights, If von during the dullest part of tho thoatrlaal season this year, numbers of visitors have nightly sought admission to tho Adnlphl lu vain, D tuoss on tho a Lugo has roaohod it romarkablo dogroo of display unci axtnv vivganoo in bhaaa tlmos, but it hits boon loft to iv u Araorloau not rasa to invont ivn amvngomont by which ivli hoi' (luuat di'ossoa aluvll bo soon ivt onoo, and without tho troubio of her ohnuglng lior oostumo, in iv plcco to bo shortly produced nt Boston tlio ivutraas luva Introduced n aoono In iv dressmaking establishment, wtioro twonty oL' lior handsomest drosses will bo shown arranged on dummy flguros, This opens out an onllroly now lino foi' his trlonlo (vspli'ivnts, Homii] tlmo ivgo J. K, lDmmolt pur ohivaod in Uluglnud Mi', J, K, Jaromo's llttlo piny, " Barbara," for America, This ha tins pub to strange uao, I'oi', dls oivi'dlng tlioolcl lU'Htivobof KrlU, ho now uses Barbara In its plnoo, changing tho nivmou to those In Prlu, It la stivtad lluvl Out1 ltDlviv, tho latest HuoooHH In tho way of opera bou il'as on tho Loudon nud Parisian stage, will liu pro il uoocl in Australia during tlio ourronb yoav. Tho mualo Is described as fresh and sparkling, and the 11 brut to ns witty and jur/iM/U, A N.k\v monstrosity, It Is said, has appoarod at Philadelphia In the sluvpo of a human aorksoruw, Ho wonderful aro his contortions tlio faculty of tho unlvor slty of Pennsylvania had liltu appear bu fore them In iv nude Htato, ho as to watoh Ills bodily movomonts, Thoy unanimous ly decided ho Is a marvel of physiology, Mo looks dlrootly at tho uucfionuu, and twists Ills body around twluu, keeping his faun all tho time to the audlonuu, Ho I,liuu walks baukwards with Ills foot l'ovorsod, The Circassian, of which Mr Hv.'" Saint Maur holds the Australian tw'! will bo the next production at the c' terion, London. Mr. Saint Man: if threatened the proprietors of the (iv-l Theatro, Sydney, with legal proceedi if thoy persist in playing Quceu's $ donco without his permission. AN English correspondent, under dj"" November 2-1, gives the follc\\\in« J par&ntly; official account of Gilbert r' Sullivan's new opera i—" llospocting t' now Savoy opera, I bog to say tint J title is not yot fixed. The title now-' fixed until tho last moment. The plw.l quasi-molodramatio in character, wit1! strong supernatural (lavor in the ' act. I must not say what that U. T date of the piece la 1810. The lluti' ''' takes place In a seaport village, t , second In a mansion In the nolghborli 1 of that soaport village, CIrossralth Barrington play strongly ooutru parts of a melodramatic onnracter. b! plays a man-of-wav's-tnan. Mr, 1'cm plays a ghost. Miss Bond Is a glpjj ^ who lias gono mad for tho love <•( wicked baronet. Miss Brahiim, a \illr girl, and Miss Brandrara, au eld sorrow-striakon damo, It is expel tho dresses (whloh aro scrupulously ew reproductions of tho drosses of 1810) < prove to bo a remarkable foaturc In i' piece. Tho costumes of the chorus ir bo worth seeing, and thoy oo3t o> 111800\. These dresses have boon In p parution for sorao months and arc n < nppronching completion. I liavo sua! , stated tluvt tho socno of tlio plooo hh in Egypt, and that Its object Is tosnilr} , British administration In that oountr I havo oven read in a well knownjoutr.' what professes to bo an abstract of I plot based upon this assumption. Hull' as 1 do giving inoorroub news, 1 uu Mr. ClUbort hllnsotf. Ho says I hi not taken tho trouble to ooutradiot th» statements, partly because tho mattcn s of no gonoral intorost, but chiolly be<nn( I am always plaasod to mislead AnWj oan pirates, who are la variably on li;,. lookout for an opportunity of forestall!, us In tho United Status, I atu assure, that an opera on the subject of ihlii., administration In Egypt Is already |1| Now York. I have nothing tonddoxcdl that 1 am vory glad to hoar It, and llnp It Is truo." A Six year old boy, wlio was engaged as a child super for Claiidian In Boston, said to Mr, Wilson Barrett one evening, "I say, Mr, Barnott, do all theso people come to the theatre to see you? Don't some of 'em come to see me?" Mb, Jenkins, the author of "Glnx's Baby," has not as yet been able to com plete tho arrangements for his lecturing tour In Australia and New Zealand, Ho hopes, however, to get everything fixed up In tlmo to start from London by one of the February steamers. Miss Marie De Grey appeared In the prinolpal part of a now comedy-drama In three acts by'Mr; Frank' Harvey, entitled Lord Marplot Daughter, which was produced for the first tlmo at tho Grand Theatre, Islington, last month. Lady Moncjicton, whoso abandonment of the amateur for the professional stage in England has beon justified by hor marked suooess as tho horoino of Jim the Penman, will shortly appear in a new drama of pathotio intorost, tho joint work of Messrs. W. G. Wills and A. W. Dubourg. Tho latter dramatist is best known as part author of the charming oomody, Neio Men and Old A ores, his collaborator on that oooasion being tho lato Tom Taylor. Miss Julia Roselle, sister of Mrs. Arthur Daoro, met with a serious aooidont last month, She was proceeding to tho thoatro, but tho London fog was so thlok at Glouoostor-road Station that she stepped ovor tho odgo of tho platform and foil on to tho rails, sustaining a fracture of the log, She was picked up by a gentle man only just in time to prevent hor bolng out to plooos by one of tho trains. Miss Julia Lewis mot with a sorlous aooidont at Portsmouth whllo playing Mrs. Lambo in LarJis, In ono soono she had to bo takon oft on a railway truok, Tho luggage was not put on it as usual, and in tho notion of wheeling hor oft sho struok hor bond on tho iron of tho truok with suoh foroo as to rondor hor unablo to finish tho porformanao, A dootor was sont for ) tho lady was takon homo j thore sho romalnod insonslblo for days. W. J. Nlohekcie, of Now York, has rooolvod throo dittoront oablograms from Australia offovlng big induoomonb for himsolf and wlfo for a year's tonr, A itUJtonous Sydnoy aorrospondon asks wliothor tho N.S.W, Government is doalrous of making up the dofloib with polloo oourb flnos, and judging from a roaonb doolslon of tho magistrabu's of tho sistov mobropolls, bhoro is roally some portlnonoo In tho enquiry, A few nights ago a certain Dr, Soobb, aoootnpanlocl by a frlotvd, was desirous of witnessing tho glories of the Slooplng Bounty, at tho Ttioatro Royal. bub before paying for the tlokots, ho took tho prooautlon, aftor tlia prudent mnnnor of his oountrymon, of asking tho stalls tlokot-takor wliothor bhoro was any room Itisldo. Tho quostlon was rosoutod by tho bhoatrloal Oorborus, bub In attempting to hustle Dr. Soobb out oil the passage, ho found that lie had caught a Tartar, There was a tough and bumble fight, in wliloh the tiekol-takor onmo oil! sooond host, and then Dr, Sootb and ills friend took their rovungo by going to another thoutvo, and abusing tho 'Royal pantomime to all tholr friends, Tho epilogue of tho little farao was nlayod ab tiio Water Polloo Court, when tho Solons on the bouoh lined both Dr, Beottatvd tho tlokot-takor with uomnioiulablu Impar tiality, N14 v in it Uiotuun,— II; In wild thcib ouo out ot! ovory tnur vmil InviilldM who no to forultfii uoiuitrlon to t'ooovor honlbh novor L'Otll ML UXlHIpl ilM II llOt'llHll, Till) UlUlOl'" tulcoi'M) nnxt 1,0 llio houih'koDpoi'H, hitvo tho mimt pro(Hiihli) hunhuMM, TIiIm ox« ouhhIvd mortality tuny ho pi'iinmloil and pntUmtfi wivnd nnd uut'od uiiilui' tho imi'ij ol! Ct'limdn iitid lovwl mum ul liontu, II" tlioy will hut uho Amot'loiin Oo.'h .1 top 111 t,toI'M In tlmoi Worn! 