Australian Tales and . Adventures. No. 1 Q t ~( t CiwchuIr.d.') ?? ? A RACE FOR LIFE. ' * „ - CHAPTER IV. . : WHAT DICK UOttEST DID# \ By B. P. Whitworth. As I have already said, Dick Nugent was an nOicer in ttao now defunct Oapo Mounted Eifics, and that, after the diebandmencof that gallant corps, he camo out to Australia. So he did. But there remains between Grahams' Town at tha Cape, and Australia, a hiatus of two years to he tilled up, and this is the very mystery, a mystery about which yon could very rarely pet Dick to cay anything, for bo was as modest as he was brave, and his gallant deeds, although recorded in the regi mental orders of the day, were seldom, if ever, alluded to by himself. The fact is that Did;, durinc the two years referred to, had been in New Zealand, where he had done good service with the troopn under the command of tho gallant ond lamented Yon Temp3lty. Dick wao as dash ing & light dragoon r.s evpr wielded a Eabrc, or wore a forage cr.p on three hairs, and soon attracted the attention of his brave leader, by whom he was signalled out for any deed re quiring special emartnc3a and daring. It was indeed a perilous time. The hill tribes of Maoris, under the astute Tamati unpa Msnu, and the ferocious Patarika hi 3 brother, had deeconded from the elopee and faetnesses of Tongftriro. Kunpshn, and Kahitspanua, and had descended, breathing blood ann daughter on tho peaceful settlements of Kakararnea, and the Patea Paver, and had joined the Pnriatea natives under "tho prophet" Te Whiti in what they looked upon as a holy war against British rule. The Maori is a strange compound of cupn ing, ferocity, cupidity, and generosity. Faith ful as a friend, he is equally treacherous as an enemy, and in his anger knows neither pity nor remorse. Instigated thereto by the fanatical leaders named, the wild savages of the interior came down in thousands to sweep the detcEted " Pakehas" from tho face of the land, and it was to stay this torrent of human paseion, to drive back this avalanoha of cruelty and repine that Yon TempsUy and hia gallant band had penetrated so far inland as the Upper Wnnganui river, the very thres hold of the Maori territory. They had been tolerably successful in repelling tho advance of tho savages, and had, at all events, contrived to keep the lower sottkmenta free from attack, but, although tho danger was in a great measure ignored and pooh-poohed at head quarters by tho military authorities at a safe distance in Wellington, still those who know tho Maori character best, saw that this was but the smouldering of the fire that should presently burst foith like the sleeping volcano of Tongariro in the distance, and overwhelm the land in rain and dismay. Yon Tempsky's troops wera Btationod at a biook house in a clearing on tha edge of a clump of bu?h, which though tolerably open on its outskirts, grew gradually more dense inland, until at a mile or bo from the camp it wa? almoat totally impassable. To tha North and West of the encampment the country was more open, and wae dotted v/ith numerous clearings and patches of cultivated land, the homesteads of well to do settlor, who were anxiously wailing the current of events, not knowing ono day from another when the terrible Maorie might spread deso lation in their midst. Dick Nugent and three others had been for more than a week detached from the main body on outpest duty, as an advance picket or scouting party. They wera stationed about four milee from the camp ac d occupied quarters at the farm of one of tho out-settlers. Every thing waa quiet, and although rumors wero rife that the Maoris were rising in this or that direction, nothing definite could be seen or heard of the wily foe. Still there was a portent of trouble in tho very air, and the silence and stillness was like that beforo a thunder-storm. The storm was, p.lag, to come too Boon. One fine morning in February Dick, who was in oharge of the picket, divided his men into two parties with the object of paying a visit to two outlook spots which commanded a view of the surrounding country. There were two not very lofty bills clobo to tho edge of & belt of forest, which stretched away to the lofty ranges to the east ward. It was the custom of tho two parties after visiting these outlooks to meet half-way between them, and then to visit a ford in this river a mile or co further on. Diok and his comrade had visited their station, and perceiving no cause for alarm, had passed along to the meeting place to join the other party, But no one appeared. They waited nntil, becoming alarmed at the un wonted delay, they advanced elowJy and cautiously along the track. It was very strange. The country round wa9 silent as the grave. Not a eight nor a sonnd that could betoken the presence of an enemy, end yet they felt a singular premonition of impending danger and disaster. Had the beginning of the end then arrived? The question was speedily answered, for, nearing tho foot of the hill, Dick, who waa in advance, suddenly dropped on hia knees behind a bnsh, signing to his companion to do the same, as bo per ceived something moving through the buuhes ahead. It was as ho half thought, a party of Maori warriors, tatooed and painted, stealing on the Bilent lope which characterises their march. Tho terrible war dqnee had been performed, the war oanoe had been launched pn lake Ilotorura, and they had come forth horn their fastnesses breathing war and thirsting for slaughter, headed by the ferooiona and bloodthirsty fanatic Patarika Nga Ms.nu himself, than whom any one more diabolical in aspeot or in character, it was impossible to oooceivo. Too well they knew what had happened; the demon band, themselvee con cealed in the bush had seen the poor fellows unconscioue of danger on tho,'summit' of the' hill, and had stolen round and slaughtered , them with the murderous mori. Dick and hia companion had barely time to sink out of eight in the thick fern and undorgrowth that skirted the road when thoy came into full view. Led by the gigantic Pitariko., a very Hercules in size and strength, - - whose paid still reeked with tbo blood ol the troopers, thoy passed stealthily find rapidly nlcnn tho track in the direction of tl.a other hill " evidsctiy knowing tho habits oli he i-cools, who had in all probability been . and intendm;: to minder them like- r w.i-vj' and to rnaVc a raid on the settlers ronnd . before tho main body cf troops should bear of it. The Maoris passer, aa silently es ghosts, th?y numbered about fifty, and wore all fully ?rmeii and equipped with native weapons, , enfl a few having Cro arms. _ No timo "*as to he lest. Thr Maoris would „ goon discover the escape o! their intended mo tims, and would oithrr .eareh the bush_ for them, or what w?s more li'iely, make riraight ; ?tor tho farm, ?:nd' mur.-k-r every soul, man, , woman, and child, in it. Partly crawling therefore, partly running through the masses of dense undergrowth, the two trooper? made a beo line ita tho houfc. But cro they ', readied it they had half a roilo of open country to cross, and before thoy had left tbe forest they heard tho sell cf disappointment from the Mauris at finding their- victims gone. _ Dick well knew that their ronderf ul instinct for tracking would soon send them in hot puisuiS, and he therefore urged hia compan ion forward with all the srnced he could. But the youn;* fellow bed neither the wind nor endurance Dick had, and soon began to leg behind. In vain Dick spurred him on, for hi? strength failed bim, nnd at last, just ns they reached tha open, and after a last effort, he tripped over n roJt, fell prone on the earth, and at the same timo sprained nifl ankle. , ~_..,???'_, " Pat n bullet throu;di my head, Dick, and, leave mc," said the poor fellow, in mortal anguish. " Yes, and through my own at the Bamotimc. No Bob, not yc-r, While there a lifo there's hope, I'll drop a few of 'cm at.any rate, and if they do catob us, I'll save tbolast , two shots for yon and myself." "Yea Dick, but I can't even walk, and they nave ? - "Bah, guns, why they couldn't hit a hay stack," and so saying he clung- bis comrade over his broad shoulders, and set off again at a rapid pace. ..__''_, But ho baa barc- ly got half way over the open flat when tho Maoris buret from tha covert, with a loud yell of delight at seeing their quarry so near them, while he re doubled his efforts to reaoh the house. It was indeed a race for lite, and ho was too heavily handicapped to have much chance. Nevertheless he struggled bravely on, nerved to desperation by the savage yells and taunts behind him. Of tha Maoris, one, ?. famous runner, had for outstripped the others, and was rapidly gaining on him, intending, when within dis tance, to hurl his Eper.r at the flying foe. But Dick knew better than that. Stopping suddenly abort, whec his comrade told him the Maori wan within revolver range, _be turned, took a quick aim at his advancing enemy, tired, and the savage, bounding for- . ward, fell on his face coughing up blood, with a bullet through his chest. But this abort pause hod, of course, given the pur suers some advantage, although the one or two who had tho lead did not seem at all anxious to keep up that honorable distinc tion. Yet they did not abito their pace, snd rapidly gained on him, R3 with hi? load hia travelling was necessarily slow. Nearer and nearer the enemy, and nearer and nearer tho house. Would ha reach it. The white faces at the window wero those of the settler's wife and daughter, while at tbo door, and ready to close it behind the sorely beset man, itood tho settler and hia son. Would he ever win that friendly door 1 A few tteps more. He falters, etsggers, pulls himself together for a last effort, and fairly falls through tho open doorway into the middle of the apartment as a spear quivers in the door. Thank heaven I Quick rifles, crack, crack, two streams ot fire, two puffs of smoke, and two more of the sa7age3 bito the dnst. Aye, yell, and scream, and blaspheme in tha language of ?Jania, oh redoubtable Pat&rika; nga Manu, but keep out of the re&oh; of those venomous looking xifla barrels, or your Kan gatiraship in sped. Of the gallant defence cf the homestead by that little band until warned by the signal smoke agreed on, the rasin bedy of troops came up. and forced the Maoris back into tho bu?h, who, having been in that part of the country, has not heard, and who gained such honour both at head-quarters, ond from his commander? Ha having held the ferocious savages at bay, and escaped with his life by something little short cf a miracle, was looked upon as a kind cf hero, and although he never talked about this feat of his, still his reputa tion clung to him, and, aa a matter of courEe, mado him a favourite with the ladies, even had his natural good humor and gaiety of heart not done so already. CHAPTER V. WHAT CiJIK Or IT. Bat there were other symptoms of lova making in our little party, and despite the watchfulness of Mise Forsyth, and although ' I laid a etriot injunction on every one not to Bttay out of sight of the camping ground, ? under pain o! being lost in that dense bush, still, when the baskets had been opened, and ' the good things therein discuE3ed, all my care end watchfulness could not prevent tho young folks straying off in pairs, profeesedly in search of ferns, bush flowers, or what not. Indeed, when lulled by the endless mur mur of the waterfall, and soothed by tho narcotic influences of tho post prandial pipe, Mr Forsyth and myEelf dropped off into that sweetest of all slumbers, the siesta by tho camp fire, our floel; wandered away alto gether, Dick and Kate, of course, Tom Lip pincott and Laura, and even the etately " Duchess," Miss Nugent, had been led away into the trifling pnrsuit of fern gathering in the dense undergrowth by the "newspaper chap." " Oooey " soon brought the stragglers back to oamp however, and after a billy of tea, and the.remnants of the main feast bad been disposedof, we retraced our steps along the blazed track through the obEcute forest, hot, foot-sore, weary, duety, dirty and ragged enough in all conscience, but merry as crickets, and antiaipiuing a refreshing dip in the briny on our arrival " home." Ah mc 1 twelve months have passed and pone since that pleasant picnio in tho grand Otway Ganges, but in twelve months have many ohangeo, been brought about, not least of all, I lanoy, or perhaps in a great measure by the exertions of my dear old -wife, who 13 a most inveterate match maker. Diok and Kate are married, co arc Tom Lippincott and I aura, the wedding of Jack Thompson and tho haughty Ciata Nugent is on the tapis, and Pierce VAnaittart called on mc no longer eincQ than yesrerday, to usk my counsel in a cohcatQ- matter, in which a certain Misa Emma Ease, now in Hobartown, but with whom be fcss been for some time in corres pondence, wa3 concerned. Old Forsyth and myself meet occasionally, lor he spends more of his time in Victoria than formerly, now hi 3 girls ere married, and as the new year approaches, Mca Bourko Comas begins to throw out mysterious hinte about the sea-sWo, and to compare tho relative;merits and expense of Quecnsoliff,\ , Pajtsea, kqrne, and other plKces, all of which v pretend either not to hear or not to under stand, but which I knowfull well portends a ymlj tovontv or other of those places so favourafelq to herfavorite pastime of matoh, .making, . fD-; :: 507- ? : 