WE THREE. By J.M.B. CHAPTER XIII. The sinking of their shaft continued, and after layers of red, brown, or gray gravel, of coarse or finer quality were passed through by the mates who took " spell about," one sinking in the shaft in a perfect vapour bath, another pulling the soil up in a tin bucket " hand over hand." By-and-by, the pick crashed through into pipeclay as soft and white as flour, on which rested the washdirt, dark red gravel. " Bottom ! By Jupiter ! shouted Harry. " Now look out for nuggets." " There's gold to begin with at any rate," replied Jack, as he tossed from the bottom of the shaft a piece of wash dirt in which was shining from a number of specks and a little bit of yellow metal as large as a bean. Harry was wild with excitement, and sang as he executed an impromptu war dance - " Who so happy now as we. Counting danger, fear a stranger, It was for this we crossed the sea, Then hey for the tub and the cradle." " Look here old man, we'll send home for Pet and Flora and get them to come over here in a brace of shakes." The washdirt was carefully stripped and laid in a heap on, a piece of cleared ground, and while the one below fossicked down in the seams of greasy blue clay that ran in crevices within the pipeclay, the others took a couple of buckets of stuff to the nearest water hole and commenced washing, stirring it with repeated waters till clean. Then it was passed through a colander and the coarser gravel removed and amongst it another small nugget was found. Then by that peculiar process so hard for new chums to learn, the sand was panned off, and although some of the fine gold was lost, upwards of an ounce of shotty specks remained in the dish. A golden hole had been bottomed, and the mates felt as if they already ranked amongst the Barings or Rothschilds, perfect millionaires \- and contemplated acts of beneficence that would have put Peabody to shame. The mates went back to the shaft with the gold in the dish to show Jack, but standing round were about half-a dozen seedy yet flash looking men. " Stop and let us put the gold in a matchbox, for I do not like the looks of these fellows," said Jim. The gold was safely deposited in Harry's pocket, who remarked as they drew near, " if these coves begin to bounce, we will have to give them a lesson and my knuckles are not in good order, as I have barked them against the sides of the shaft. But come on, for by the ghost of Samson Sawdust, they are having a row with Jack already." " Now then young new chum, will yer come up hout of that ere 'ole, hor shall hi 'ave to come down and histe ye up. Come now, look alive, and up yer tumble, or it will be the wuss for yer." This was the remark that met their ears, and Harry walked coolly up and faced the speaker, as he asked in a quiet way, for Jim was a gentleman every inch. " What do you want? This is my claim and these are my mates in it, and we will keep it too " " Who the dooce are you, young cock that crows so loud ? Don't you know that we marked out this very blessed ground two days ago, and have only been having a bit of a spree since. Didn't we mateys ?" Of course the others gave sanguinary affirmations, ratified by invoking sundry gory condemnations upon themselves, by way of proving their truthfulness. " If you think you have any right to the claim, go to the Commissioner. We can easily prove that we have been three days sinking the shaft." " You are a --- liar, " shouted the fellow, aiming a blow at Jim's face, but falling short, as he was on guard. " Hold on a bit," cried Harry, " just wait till I get Jack up, and then if it is going to be a free fight, we can all have a hand in the game." Throwing down the rope, in a second his mate stood beside him. " I'll fight you for the claim, either of you," yelled the rowdy, who was evidently working himself into a furious passion. " No ! I'll not fight for the claim, for it is ours - not yours," said Jim, looking pale but resolute. " But I'll thrust that lie down your throat, and then kick you till you roar for mercy." " A ring ! A ring ! " was the cry, and in a trice a hundred half-naked men smeared with pipeclay formed a circle, and in their own emphatic style, declared they would see fair play for the young one. Jim threw off his shirt and faced his opponent, who was a much heavier man, but not so lithe or active, for Jim had good training at college, and possessed that nervous energy that makes British soldiers unmatched for pluck and endurance. They went at it like tigers. "Fighting Bob," a noted bully, thought to bear him down and knock him out of time, with a heavy rush, but he utterly failed, and in a few minutes the rowdy was doubled up, panting and half insensible, with one eye bunged up, the contour of his nasal ornament considerably altered for the worse and a sanguine stream flowing from his potato-trap, where several teeth were missing. Jim, with flashing eyes, shouted, " Now if any of this cur's mates dare to say the same words as he said, I'll serve him the same, but mind, I don't fight for the claim. It's ours, and we'll stick to it." The diggers responded, " Right you are, young un," but again Harry interposed. " Look here lads ! I am Jim's mate, and it is not fair that one should do all the work, I am ready for the next spell. Bless you, this is a free country, and surely I have as much right to have a go in as Jim has. There were half-a- dozen of you jumpers here a minute ago. Now come on ! One at a time, one down, another come up," and the comical fellow danced round the ring with a sort of corroborree that was greeted with roars of laughter by the crowd. " No fear my lad, they won't try you, your mate hits too hard for them. You can go on with your work as soon as you like, they will not meddle with you for some time to come." A new idea struck Harry. " Jim promised to kick that fellow till he begged his pardon, but as he cannot hit a man when he is down, and the fellow won't get up, I'll do it by proxy on his mate." So, seizing the man who had acted as bottle holder to the fallen hero, he ran him down the slope to the creek, applying his boot at convenient intervals to the latter end of his victim. Nor did he cease the run till the man went plunging into the mud, and scrambling across made his way to the township at a rapid rate. Crestfallen, the wounded gladiator picked himself up, the diggers disappeared as quickly as they had come, and after a smoke and a drink of tea, the mates resumed their work with fresh vigour. That night they had about eight ounces in nuggets and fine gold, mostly taken from the bottom of the hole, and their sleep was sweet, and coloured with golden dreams. To their surprise but not to their satisfaction, next day Scotty and his mates came and camped alongside their tent. Of course they had an equal right to camp where they pleased, and while not desiring his company, that of his two mates Thomas and Bob was more agreeable, as they had been formerly at work with the Batman's Hill lot, and seemed very respectable fellows, if a little soft and easily led by their older and more experienced mate. Day by day, in the burning sun or falling rain - early and late - burrowing like moles in the pipeclay or washing the thin streak of gravel, that lay as miners say, " between the hair and the hoof,"- living hard on an endless round of mutton, tea and damper, only varied on great occasions by a bottle of pickles or a box of sardine, sleeping hard on a bed of boughs laid on the ground covered by a rug, for the tent was too small to allow stretchers for three. The mates worked on in this way for months, occasionally an opossum or a wallaby and once a kangaroo was shot and afforded agreeable changes of diet, but these were few and far between. A considerable change had taken place in the personal appearance of the mates in that time. They had altered just like the men around them. Bronzed and hardy, their muscles were set with the hard and healthy toil in the open air. Rough blue or red shirts had taken the place of linen, and where doeskin or tweed was formerly worn, moleskin unmentionables now appeared. A great deal of the nattiness and regard for appearances was gone. Yet Harry, in serio-comic style, could be heard calling out on Sunday mornings for his clean linen and collars, his black cloth suit and blue silk vest, or lamenting the absence of Rowland's Macassar for his curly locks, or " Persian Bloom " to remove the sun-tan from his face. Yet these were happy times ; the freedom of the life and the constant excitement of the pursuit of gold was such that few who have ever experienced its charm, would refer to it in after years as the most enjoyable and carefree period of their lives. It was a perpetual picnic with all the excitement of gambling added, for they never knew what the next blow of the pick might disclose - perhaps a pile. Few books were available save one of common prayer, a bible and a copy of Sunday School hymns with the inscription, " presented to H.L. by his affectionate friend F. G." which was more prized by Harry on account of the giver than for the contents. The young men in fact led a remarkably careless and half-savage life, but the allowance must be made for the peculiar times and circumstances in which they were placed. There were no places of worship on the goldfields in those days, no association between parties. Each man's hand was against his neighbor in the absorbing search for gold, and when the Sabbath came there was little sacredness connected with it. Many forgot it altogether and worked as usual, some went hunting, others cut down trees for firewood, or many washed their clothing. All the stores were open and much business was done on that day. Many times Jack hummed over the words of an old song that seemed very appropriate. "Oh, here no Sabbath bells Awake the Sabbath morn ; No song of reaper heard, Amongst the yellow corn. But I never see the broom, With its tassels on the lea, Nor hear the linties song Of my own countrie." To Be Continued 