A faisn's Yiotlner-in-L W. It is a mystery which no one has yet .solved, why so many sad jokes are con stantly being perpetrated about a man's mother-in- law. What dreadful -crime has the unfortunate woman committed in providing the man with his wife that h3 should bear such an undying grudge: against her? Now if it was a woman's mother-in ;law who was made the but of these jokes there might be a grain of sense iin them:; for. it is the man's mother who has it in her power to make life a iburden to the young wife and not hal try. As a matter of fact, a woman is -usually proud and fond of her son-iu 'law if he only gives her the ghost of a chance. When the young couple first go'to :house-keeping who is it that comes in and with her good sense and practical experience tides them over the rough :places ? A man's mother-in-law. It is the woman's mother-in-law who is most apt to criticise, and who exas-' perates the .young wife by quoting, all :toy :frequently, "? My son is used to having things thus and so.' "?y. soln must ?:have this or that for his 2m es.'. ",Mlyi 5on, with his 'small in come,; saould have married a pr dent econonmical wonian, etc. When the first laby makes its appear ance, 'as well as the successive_ ones, who is it that steps in 'and relieves the' hbusband of his weary vigils, and takes tie load, of care and. worry offl the wife's feeb!e shoulders;: and ? keeps' the household running smoothly ' The inhman's mother-ini-law. 'W hen he and his wife plan to take a little trip together; who is it that comes' in and takes charge of the house and children, so that they can ipacefirlly enjoy theitr holi(day, with the restful thought. "fMother is there and it will ble all right The man's mother-in-la.v::i..:.:" . Wlien there is sickness or trouble ini .-the he.use, who is: the fiithful : nurse, the wise counsellor,.: the `symipathizing fisend ? Thei mi, s ieotlier-in law. And if, in the course oEf events, tthe ' ife des, who is it that iusually' comes, in and takes care of theei: cildren: " and kbeeps up the home till thei bereaied husband has time to-look arounid ad find anotfler wife? " A ',ina's mother-in-lai-i.:; - And how does he reward heroforiall tl is devotion? :' y making heartless :joes "'at!li'?' expense, and pnblishli g them forother men to snicker over!'dthynam ' is:Mi?!: :, Ingratitude; thy nam e isMain' 