TILE HEIR OF VERING. ' Not always,' he said, drawing closer to her, his eyes fixed on her thoughtful face. 'Not always, and when they meet there is something for the gods to applaud.' 'And men to wonder at,' she added, quickly. Then, as he nodded, she drew herself together with a little start. 'We have been here half-an-hour and that is my limit. Where is John ?' ' One more turn,' pleaded Percy. 'One more turn to the chesnuts and then I will escort you to Park Lane; and bear all the blame that awaits disobedience.' She laughed, lightly' touched the:mare with her dainty whip, and away she flew. 'Yes,' said Chester, ' she goes'well; how she frets at it. I think she could.jump, Miss Devigne.' ' ' Shall I try her,' she said suddenly. 'No;' he replied promptly. ' Not the first time.' ' Why ?' she asked, with an arch twinkle.. 'There is no danger. Let me put her'at the rails ?' 'No, no,' he said, but his words.scarcely reached her, for, with a quick movement, she turned round and sent the mare at the rails. To herself and Percy's surprise, however, the animal refused point blank. Percy laughed. Something in the laugh, though it was not directed at her, seemed to jar on Lilian Devigne's ears, and the temper that lay hidden beneath the velvet of her manner rose hotly. "' She shall go,' she said, and raising her whip gave the mare a cut across the shoulders. . With a nasty start, the animal showed its vicious nature in a moment, reared for one second, then sprang off as if she had been an arrow discharged from a bow. In an instant Percy had stuck the spurs into his own horse and was after her. 'Keep her well in hand !' he cried gently, ' and mind the turn l' he added, as a thought of dread flashed upon him. She looked back for a moment with a little smile and nod, but he saw that her face was white to the lips, and his own set hard as he urged his horse in pursuit. A minute or less and he was at her side ; the mare, alarmed and irritated by the sound of the' horse's breath so near her, cut short her gallop, and, shaking her head, began to prance about with the set purpose of hurling the rider. ' Sit firm ! Sit firm!' said Percy, quietly, feeling, for the moment, no apprehension -only for the moment, however, for as he came nearer and was able to see Lilian Devigne's face under the shadow of the hat he saw that it was distorted by fear, and that the apparently composed woman had lost her head. With an inward surprise he drew aside a little, pulled up his horse, and, quick as thought, slid to the ground. Then as the maddened beast made a great lunge he caught her bridle, and, extending one arm, was just in time to catch the limp form of her rider as she fell prone from the saddle. . With an indignant smack on the face,. Percy turned the mare over to the groom who dashed up at the. moment, and then drew the unconscious woman out of the tan on to the path. The movement brought her to, and almost instantly she opened her eyes. As they slowly took in the sense of the scene, and met the dark, earnest ones above her; as she felt the beating of the strong man's heart against her own, a thrill, which assuredly had never before moved her, passed through her frame. With a tremulcus sigh-that seemed to take her will - herself- with it, she returned his ardent 'gaze with 'a dreamy, upward resignation, then, as if awaking, drew herself away from him and stood pale' and startled. ' ' One arm still remained' in his protect ing, upholding grasp, but she did not attempt to withdraw it until he had taken her hand as well and pressed it lightly. 'Are you better ? Quite right -I am so glad. Some water ?' and he looked about him. No, no !' she said, hurriedly, and with an anxious glance in the direction' of the gate at , which some people were just entering. 'I will go home-no, not on the mare !' she added, quickly, in answer to the look of remonstrance; 'I can walk across the park.'. ' Are you: sure ? he .murmured, gently. ' Do not overtax your strength. , ' No, no,' she responded, with a smile; 'I never do.that. .I can walk; it is no distance across the grass.' ' Without a word, he handed her her whip; and then, ready to help her if she needed it, strode on by her side in silence. Suddenly she looked up, still'pale, but smiling. , l 'I have lost my character as abhorst woman,' she said-' withiyou, aE least.' He looked down at her. 'You can lose nothing of all that is good, and brave, and lovable with me,' he said, in hislow deep voice. ' She.diooped her head. 'If you had not been there,' she murmured,' I should have been under the foolish creature's heels.' 'Heaven forbid !' he said, gravely. She sighed. 'And thiis was such a happy time,' she murmured with sweet regretfulness, 'and I have spoiled it by my awkwardiess.' 'You have rendered it 'ten times' happier for me,' he said, looking down at her lovely face. 'I would give all the days of my life for the last hour.' 'Hush I' she said, quickly, as, with a sudden flush she quickened her pace. 'Someone is near us, close behind; they are listening. Go-do not' speak; do not look behind-do not, please I' ' Do not fear,' he said, quietly. 'I-I am awfully foolish and-and nervous,' she murmured. 'Here we are; I am so glad, and yet sorry, for I have not said a word of thanks,' and she opened the gate with a trembling hand. 'Not one word was needed,' he said; Then as she held out her hand, he took it; he thought he understood why she did not ask him in. 'Good-bye II may call and ask how you are ?' he added, with an eager flush. 'Yes-no!' she added, hastily, and with a charming smile. 'No, }ou must not, for I feel that I ought not to be encouraged in my cowardice I Good-bye.' And his strong hand tightened on her small one, she returned the pressure, and then drew her fingers from his grasp with a suddenness that made him look up to see the cause. His quick eyes just caught the last of two retreating figures as they turned the "west- corner into Mount-street, and he fancied they belonged to Count Hud spiel and Captain Warner; when he looked round again Liliat Devigne had disappeared, and he was alone. With a quick, yet trembling step, she had slipped away fromi him and hurried through timhe open window into the drawing-roomn, There she dropped into a chair, and leant back with frowning brow and tightening lips. So she sat for the space of five minutes, then as her' face, grew more composed, she rose, glanced at herself in the glass, and passed upstairs into her mother's room. Lady Devigne was in the act of sipping her morning cup of chocolate in bed, and stared over the rim at the daughter's un usual pallor. ' What has happened, Lilian ?' she .de manded. ' You look like a ghost.. ',What has happened. ' Just what I expected,' replied Lilian, with tightened lips and musing eyes. 'I never button on my habit without.thinking that I am putting on myn shroud!? Ifthere is anything I hate it is a horse ! I knew we:did not'get her so'cheap' for:nthing. She has nearly killed me! I knew I should be thrown the moment she started, and I never felt easy for a momenrt. Oh, hows I hate a horse ! I wish they were all in"bne stable iad I could burn it over their heads. Fancy I sitting there having to act the Amazon-ah, and 'i"6 mean acting to decive him.'. ' But-but-he did not see '- 'Oh, no, I did' deceive him up to the last nearly--quite to the last as you or I was concerned, for the vile.beast bolted and'threw me ' ' Threw you i' echoed Lady 'Devigne, in dismay, her eyes running over the un injured habit.' 'Where-in the road ?' 'No; into his arms,' retorted Lilian Devigne; and as she bowed her head aside to put 'her hat and gloves 'on the table, a slight dash of color came, into her face.? 'Into his arms I' exclaimed Lady De- vigne. 'Yes, I said so, mamma I' returned Lilian, with a' tone of irritation. 'It is not a pleasant thing to din into one's ears. Yes, he caught me,' or I should have spoiled my habit;' and she smiled scorn fully. 'Did he I' murmured Lady Devigne, still lost in speculative astonishment; 'and-and-surely that's not all !' she suggested with her wisdom of experience. 'Yes; there might have been more,' returned the daughter, with pursed lips, 'there would have been more, but for taht clog and bane of our lives. He came upon us and foiled us.' Lady Deyigne turned pale and groaned. 'Always he !' 'Yes; he never fails us !' retorted the daughter bitterly. ' He saw us in the park, and cut across, I suppose. He was mean enough to hear every word, and and-oh, how sick I am of it all I how sick and weary I' and she laid her hand on the door. 'But-but- Percy Chester ? You have quite decided. You think he is taken ?' The girl looked down, and a smile of self-scorn curled her lip:.. 'Yes; he thinks me';all that is good and pure and'truthful.'' 'How should he, who is allithat- is truthful anrd honourable, think other'wise?', . Lady Devigne paid no heed'to the sneer whatever. 'And you think,' she murmured, ' you think it would answer-that he is worth while, good enough--' '.I think that he-a gentleman nobly born, the heir to an earldom--would marry me, a'heartless, designing advelitu ress--' 'My dear Lilian !' broke in Lady Devigne, with crimson cheeks and an angry stare, 'you forget yourself I' ' Forget myself !' echoed the girl, turrn'-. ing her lovely face, full of scorn and bitterness to'wards the bed ; ' forget my self I What.would.I give to be able..todo so for'one'short hour I' and with a laugh 'of self-contempt she'left'the room. CHAPTER V. ' TH course of true love never did run smoothly,' says the old adage, and if it be true, then Percy Chester's love was any thing~.but'deep and veritable, 0 there were no obstacles at present in his progress towards the good graces of Lady Devigne and her lovely daughter. The two ladies were rarely seen now without the tall, broad-shouldered Percy in attendance, and the men of his set were beginning to nod and smile at each other, and lament over the billiard 'table and the rails of the Row that Chester was hooked,. quite hooked ; the ladies adding their sweet note of lamentation in the form of lowly-breathed commiseration that Mr. Chester should be so infatuated with the' Devigne girl. So palpable was the infatuation or the legitimate conquest, whichever you please, that Charles Merri vale at last came to the point of conjecture; but he had nothing but congratulation .for 'his beau. ideal cousin-congratulations at present unspoken, but eager for expression when he should deem it safe, for Percy; though he was gentleness itself and generous to a fault, had a nasty knack of looking grim and grave if ever Charlie trespassed beyond a certain point. So Charlie, who thought that everything his hero did must be right, and everything he said infallible, confined himself to bringing every scrap of news he could glean of the young beauty; and it was quite a study for a philosopher and a cynic to see the boy lounging about Percy's clhambers and spinning out yards of boyish, enthusiastic praise of the fair Lily Queen, Percy mean while listening with calm, but' not dis pleased absorption, seldom or ever check ing thle bright flow by more than a nod and a laughing ' Take care, Charlie; you will have to fight that duel yet with some of Miss Devigne's admirers.' 'Ah, I know who some of them would like to fight I' said Charlie one day, with a significant nod; ' not me, Percy, but some one more worth their jealousy.' ,'Ah ' said Percy,' and that was all; but Charles could see by the tightening of the lips that no more must be said. But that evening, as Percy entered the ball-room of a foreign countess, and made his way to that little group of female notabilities which always gathers by itself in' every -assembly, followed by Charlie, who was always welcomed by.the ladies, who found his boyish candour a.pleasant set:off and change to the blase langour of the fashionable dandy, Percy could not help noticing that there were sundry evil glances spent and wasted upon him as he bent over the small gloved hand of Lilian' Devigne. 'Is Charlie right?' he thought; 'and am I indeed so favoured as to be looked upon as a dangerous rival ?' Then, as he turned his glance to the lovely face beside him, and met her grand eyes examining his face, his heart beat fast. ' How crowded, is it not ?' she said, as they passed along one of the corridors. 'I thought you would not come to- night,' she said, in that low voice which a woman uses for the man she is desirous of making her lord and master. 'It is so hot, and you looked so tired last night; and I thought of the 'clear Highland skies and the blue lakes, knowing that you would be thihking of them too, and I said, 'Mr. Chester will have gone to-day." ' And I am here,' he said, looking down at her. 'Don't you think I must be an insatiable drum follower ?-that I must be irrevocably wedded to the follies and the gaieties of the life fashionable ?' She looked up at him. ' Why should I think about you at all ?' she said, with an arch srrile. ' Why, indeed?' he assented, fixinghis dark eyes upon her. 'Only because I think so much about you.' ' Do you ?' she retorted, softly ; ' and that is so little to think of.' "And she sighed. "'You do not know how small, how pitiably ' mean and insignificant most women's'lives are. Now, a man .has so mnany, objects in life-so many ambi tions--' She' was, stopped by the strange smile on liis handsome face. ,.' Your words seem like a reproach,' he said.; 'I have no objects, no ambitions, beyond winning the Derby and-yes, you are right, I have one great ambition I' By this time they had strolled into the ball-room again, and were in the midst of a waltz. 'How I should like to know it,' she breathed, her face, almost touching his shoulder, turned up to his face with 'an expression of such serene innocence that would have fitted any child and deceived any man. ' How I wish that I dared tell you,' he answered, his deep tones low and sup pressed. She sighed so softly, that it was like the rustle of the feathers on a dove's breast. ' Some day I may find my courage up to the' requisite point-I may dare to whisper what the object and ambition of my life is. Nowv The waltz' ended, and they stood for a mnoment unberneath the gallery, her hand upon his arm, her eyes bent wistfully upon+ the bouquet in her hand. As he paused,' hesitating as any man who is not a:cox comb will hesitate,, the thin figure 'of( Count Hudspiel came behind and then in front' of them. ' Mrs Devigne, this next is mine,; I think IHow do you do, .Chester? Fearfully, h'ot, isn't it ? Ah, it you had but a mosquito':I would forget that this is 'not' my beloved Spain.' And with a smile that showed all his teeth, he held out his aim for'- Lilian Devigne. ' Percy had received the count witli his usual grim reserve and iron composure, and had spoken some cold words of greet ing; but the count's civil sinile'nd display of teeth were a loss 't him, for he had kept his eyes on Lilian Devigne's face. But there was no terror or pallor to reward his scrutiny and make him uncomfortable this time : Lilian Devigne met the count's looks pleasantly.; with a faint smile ex changed Percy's strong muscular arm for. the count's thin 'one without a 'word.' As she did so however, a glance, :swit' and sweet shot from her violet eyes:to Percy's,' and sent him to the. ante-room with that swift Iieart-beat which always follows in a man's heart such a woman's shaft. The ante-room was dimly. lighted;: the ball-room was intensely hot, and contained no attraction for 'him, for certainly 'the sight of Lilian Devigne dancing .with Count Hudspiel was anything 'but an, at traction ; and Lillian Devigne,,dan'cing alone had power to draw 'him' to the hot and crowded: assemblies which he con temned and disliked, and with a restless, unsatisfied sigh he picked out a' dark corner and threw himself into a. settee. Then, instantly' as was his.wont; he plunged into abstracted thought, and for all' con sciousness of the place and scene, the ball room' and its whirling contents might have been a hundred miles away-all, that is, saving one human being of the many, and that one-Lillian Devigne I ' Here am I,' he mused, the freest:man in England head-over-heels in 'lbve with the most lovely woman 'not only in England, but the world. Well; that is the simple statement of an acknowledged' fact, and the deduction is-that I lose my liberty and gain a prize for which there are already, a hundred competitors ' Shall 'I gain it ?-that is the question. Suppose I am ready to give up the drag, the whist -the everything, will she be willing to crown the' sacrifice and 'transformn' this useless. purposeless life of. n mine. to an existence' of .blissful content 1 .I love' her as I shall never love another'woman,' he continued, stroking his i:obsftache, 'that is, if I know what love, ii,' 'and he stretched out his hand- and clasped. his knee. ' 'Yes, I know what love isI' love Lilian Devigne; and if I; kiow vwhat ,is woman, she is true as'steel, 'anid worthy? of any man's love I Now let me think. ":Is there anything against' me,being' miyself? and he pursed up his 'mouth. ' ° What would Lady Devigne say,? Slie's pleasain enough now, but-- After all, I hear nothing of tlhe estate, it may he rich, i nmay be poor. Ah !' he muttered, with a grim smile, 'and my loird the earl may marry again, and so---" and' with' a nod he emitted a low. whistle, 'and'tlhen all your heritage:goes to the four corners of heaven with a wbiff I' As he mused there, not trembling by any means at the reverse of his temporal future, he was dimly aware of the entrance of two figures.j They were, in fact, two old dowagers in search of the wine table, and, having filled themselves a glass each, they fell back, with a sigh 'of content, into the corner next that which held the soliloquising Percy. The hum and music of the ball-room broke in upon the gossip of the old ladies for a time, and Percy, who at the best of times pos sessed the greatest indifference to other people's concerns, sat, or rather lounged, in the dark corner, deaf to the voices beside him, until, with a suddenness that brought his hand from his moustache to his knee, he heard Lilian Devigne's name floating on the torrent of their talk. 'That she is the beauty of the season no one can deny,' murmured the one; but my dear countess, think of the mystery enveloping them. .Lady Devigne married -a horror-oh, quite, and no end of strange stories have been whispered.' 'Still the girl will do well,' put in the other. 'I have no doubt Percy Chester will have her, and he is not a bad match.' A doubtful purr responded to this, and Percy, paralysed for the moment, sat and listened. 'I should not be too sure of that, nor too certain of her getting him. You know what that dreadful man, .Captain Warner, said at Lady Brabazon's- ' 'No, my dear; I was not there, I am sorry to say. What was it?' 'That he would wager a thousand pounds to one that she would be the Countess H-Iudspiel.' 'Ahl I the thin, dark man! But, my dear countess, who is he ?' 'Just what I said, and then Lady Brabazon reminded me of several little things we had both noticed. Now, my dear, the Brabazons' house overlooks ' Lady Devigne's and Lady Brabazon tells me that the count is there nearly every 1 day, and that the Devignes are always at home too; and, for another thing, no one has ever seen her refuse him a dance, or treat him in that cool, contemptuous way which she has with most of them. She is dancing with him now, my dear and look -' The speaker broke off to divert the at tention of the other old lady to the ball room, and Percy Chester, roused from his half unconscious eaves-dropping, started to his feet, and drew aside the heavy curtains to look also. What he saw was the beauty of the season standing beside the same pillar near where he had stood with her not half-atn-hour ago, listening to the count, her face pale and set, her whole attitude significant of a strong effort to suppress all' signs of emotion. The count's.face wore a -dark: and sinister smile, andwdsasas significant-of an effort.at coercion. i Percy vatched; them for a moment, then ,let he curtain drop, and, much: to the dismay of the old ladies, who recog nised him,,strolled back tod;the ballioorif his face calm,' but expressive of decision. Before he could reach the gallery towards which he was making, he was intercepted by Charlie. 'Where have you been, Perdy ? Hot, isn't :it'? but how jolly I' I am looking for,, Miss 'Devigne; she has given me the next dance ? Isn't it kind ? Ah, there she is I' he ran on, as his scanning glance discovered her. 'I must go now.' SCharlie,' said Percy, quietly, ' do me a favour, will you? If Miss Devigne will permit the transfer, let me have this dance.' . ' ' Of course, dear old boy !' instantly responded Charlie; then he looked up at his cousin's handsome face, and, with a contented smile, hurried off to find a fresh partner. Percy Chester went on his way, but the pair. had disappeared ; the count had gone towards.one of the staircases, and Percy, after a few minutes' search, found Lilian IDevigne seated beside her mother. She did not see him approach; indeed it was some minutes before he could reach her, in consequence of the many times he had to stop to exchange small nothings with this one and that, for Percy Chester was a popular man, and generally in favour by both sexes; and as he stood talking with lady this, and madame that, his eyes wandered to the sweet face' beyond, and he saw, or fancied that he' detected a look of alarm and uneasiness upon .it. When he did reach her, she looked up with a little expression of surprise. ,' I thought you had gone,' she said ; :'I am' waiting for Mr. Merivale, who seems to have forgotten me, quite unlike his usual gallantry.' i'Charlie has not forgotten,' he said, 'but has given up the event of his evening tb:'me'.i I am to have.this dance, if you' will accept of his substitute.' Shie shook her head slightly. , !No, I-willnot dance again to night; it is too hot;' and mamma is going,:I think.' ' It is too-hot here,' said Percy, quickly, ' but it is' cooler` in the' conservatory. Will you-come and rest a little while i?' She rose,:and put her hand on his arm. ',For 'a" little while I may, perhaps, manima ?' . . Lady ,Devigne' nodded amiably, and Percy'steered carefully through the throng;. ' Ah,' she breathed, as.they entered the conservatory, 'this is a delightful change I Oh,. I 'ama:so tired I' arid, with a little laugh;, she' slid her hand from his arm, and sa'nk into a seat, half hidden by some ovei'hanging ferns. Percy stood beside her, looking down at her 'as'' she leant back with ' peaceful' la'n~:d;r lihr'small head, with its wealth.of tightlyj-bound hair," halt drooping medita-' tively,'.. ' "='Tifed l' h'e 'sid, 'and yet they would, have.,us.believe, that. womian, can. never weary! of'the scene of. her triumph.' 'D6o not'b'elie?ve th't,' she said, 'raising her eyes, 'if by triumph you mean the shallow'-admiration ,which men-vwomen never idmired one: of themselves-1-yiýl us ;do ntb' be deceived; we know whait't is worth, and we tire of it before it is ex penrded. " ' ' ' Andl, is there nli higher triumph ?' he asked incredulously;, taking "in the beauty of her face,: or the attitude of thoughtful repose 'There .ay bie,' she sighed; ' I know not. ''At least,' with a smile, ' I have not tasted of' the sweetness yet, and so I am incredulous.' ' Be mine the'task to lead you forth in something higher than the empty flattery of the men,' said Percy, bending over her. with his earnest gaze. 'At least one. man yields .you no shallow, cold-hearted ad-. miration; at least one man knows how to value your loveliness and your sweet worth. Miss Devigne Lilianl I love you i Will youi, 'can you bring yourself to be my.wife?' She.started, trembled, and raised her eyes f∨:bne moment td his falce, and then abashed by' the fire. of the usually im passive eyes, by the simple truth and innate nobleness of the handsonie face, she hid her face in her hands. 'Lilian I' he murmured.- 'What have I done ? Have I offended you? Are you goitngto say that you cannot love me? Oh, speak, and tell me that I may hope. to win the truest'and most beautiful woman in the whole world I' She looked up slowly, and fixed her eyes upon him with a strange startled gaze. 'You love me I love me I what did'you. call me ?' 'The truest and loveliest woman in tlhe world,' repeated Percy, in a low voice, taking her hand and pressing it in his own hot eager one. 'Lilian! dare I hope? Tell me I may love you 1' She looked at him for a moment:with a soft, melting light in her dark eyes,' and then put her other hand on his. He caught it, and kissed it, all gloved as it was, with impassioned warmth; then, utterly, unable to resist the loveliness of the face so near to him, bent down and drew.her to him. With a sigh, long drawn and eloquent, she let her head sit lightly upon his shoulder, and as his face bent lower and lower, she put up her lips and kissed him. With such a Itiss might Cleopatra, that serpent of the Nile, have won and bound the soul of Antony; with such a kiss, the first and only one, might the Circe have bestowed on the shipwrecked victims, as the price of their lost manhood; for such many a man would have deemed the world well lost. For a moment that delirious joy which comes to most men once and only once in a lifetime, that ecstacy of passionate delight which turns life and all things within its circle into one sweet delicious draught to be drained to the last drop, caught him in its glamour and-he was happy. He held her trembling like a newly captured bird against his heart, until their retreat was invaded by a stream of hot couples from the last dance, and then took her upon his arm; his own-- his Lily queen. Such moments fly quickly. Lady Devigne, already shawled, was awaiting them on the staircase. With a quick pressure of the arm Lilian Devigne communicated the news to her mother; and, too agitated by delight and gratitude to fate her ladyship, allowed Percy to take them to the carriage in silence. Then she sack back in the corner of the comfortable brougham, and left Lilian free to receive the low-toned adieu. ' Good-night, my darling,' he murmured, 'I may come to-morrow?' and he pressed her hand which clung to his. She glanced at her mother with a faint, happy smile, and"with another pressure of the-hand the brougham rolled off. '.Well!' exclaimed Lady Devigne, biendihg forward, eagerly, as Lilian sank back and drew- her Cashmere shawl so closely rotind her as to almost hide her downcast face, ..'"He has proposed! I knew it by your face'! He has,'hasn't he ? .My dear Lilion, I.. congratulate, you I.. So quickly too ! What a:strokeof good fortune I Young and handsome, and secure of'the earldom. Ali;" my "dea?Liliaini it? il1l. is good fortune-' %a ':@ i I0* ' Yes-for us I' came the low-breathed retort . ' TO BE CONTINUED. 