GALLERY GLIMPSES. Tub ttmcwphero on Tuesday afternoon when the House met was stilling. It had a most depreasing effect on too Howe, Member lay back helplessly on tho scats. and raising tboir languid eyes to tne ceil ing opened their bi-valvular broathihg ap paratus as involuntarily as over did the sun-scorched oyster. Later on, when it became somowhat cooler, tho country numbers a rare picnic for onco. They bobbed up all over the place and did their doty to the constituencies tbey represent with a thoroughness which entitles them cot only to tho thanks 0! their supporters, but to donations of farm and dairy pro duce. g Mr. Melville wanted to know who in spired a "par" in the Daily Tsleobami referring to certain accusations brought by Sir. Creer and himself against Mr. Mackenzie, the Coalfield Inspector. Mr. Abigail did not know. Ho was not tho "heditor," nor the manager, nor 'jot a shareholder of the Daily Tilegraj-u ; consequently, he was not sufficiently in terested in that paper to supply it with racy, well-written, correctly-spelt items of any kind. Newspapers he knew little about, bat— was well op in the rabbit question. Mr. Woddcll wanted same recognition of the services of & philanthropic bollock- driver, whose team being abstracted, know no peace of mind until the thief was run to earth in the back blocks of Queensland, where he received his jast reward. Mr. Waddell considered that hereby the bul lock-puncher had done a notable deed and been of great public service. Others con sidered aim a most revengeful person. Had he been possessed of traly Christian principles when thus smitton on , the bucolic cheek, of nursing hatred and malice, ho would have forwarded the Oitaf m. vh!n h MTCfl BO(t. Sfid a ffiV tracts for distribution. Mr. Thompson's motion, proposing a ten million pounds vote for purposes of Irriga tion, guiglcd oat of sight on a great flood of indifference. Is Mr.Thoopson going to ptsy tbe " Hugh MColl of the Assem bly ? He might do worse. Mr. Hawkcn wonted to explain that when he laid a certain paper on the table, he did not mean it lie had no Idea of censuring the Speaker, did not know what possessed him to do it, would never do it again, and was prepared to take everything back. Then be grovelled before the Premier, and his apologetic, childish wail was silenced. Mr. Thompson was moved to inquire into the way in which the Chinese were Hooding the country. He wonted the appointment of a commission to in quire into " their habits, manner of life, and employments." This tbe House granted nira, and on the first "off " night the Chinkies may expect a legislative in vasion of their quarters. Mr. Gormly then bubbled over ou the subsidies to agricultural societies ques tion. and here arose a mighty conflict be tween town and country, bock-block and boulevard, bush nag aad trotting borso. The old Adam is still etroog in Mr. Cameron. In speaking on brought him by easy stages to speak con temptuously of the Soudan goat, and to throw rhetorical mud-peileta with much vigour at the head of tho Soudan donkey. It is not at all unlikely that were Air. Cameron deprived of his dress suit, and that too starchy shirt front, that he would denounce as,<letennincdly.a»ever wrong doers of every sort, and would champion aa of yoic the class that returned him to the House. A mas, or rather a gentle man, who is arrayed in broadcloth, and fine linen, has little sympathy with the man in Crimean shirt and soiled moleskins, and a person who sccnta his handkerchief u not likely to ponder long on the wonts of his former workmates and companions. In using the word companions, there ii no covert allasion to the Soudan donkey, the cause of which much maligned animal was warmly championed by Mr. B. D. Smith. Laying 'is 'and hon 'is 'cart Cupid bowed as gracefully to the Speaker 03 a tight frock coat would allow. Is his coat tight P Why, of corset is. He was not ashamed to own his admiration for that noMc animal, he waa partly a cause of his being .here, and he would gladly veto a million or two for the porpoec of out fitting another expedition to provide him with a companion (female of course). In this, hi place of exile. Tbe Soudan donkey waa an eminent personage, and, &3 be knew by personal experience, was madly dotted on, nay worshipped by tha crowned hcada of " Ynxrup." Here gently waving hi elongated auricular organs to keep the flies off, and braying a few incobercnciee about Mayfair, Mr. Langtry, the Champa Elysces, and the mule family abroad, nc eat down heavily on a package of anti- fat, which he squelched to a thinness approach ing that of a pos tngc stamp. The general opinion of member seems to be that the Government money given to the Sydney society was being spent in the interests of trotters, not of turnip ; of nuuhcrs instead of maize, of blacklegs not barley, of pig instead of potatoes, of three cordmen. rather than three leaved clover. It was also considered that many mushroom agricultural societies had prang up ra the interest solely of the publican and the storekeeper, which interfered with tho success and Oietulses of the larger and more centrally situated bodies. It wo axaued that the Sydney society, con sidered a an agricultural exhibition, wo a failure compared with many country show. Thia statement the writer can endorse ,he having witnessed a show at Deniliqain nine or 10 years ago, which agriculturally and bucolically waa immensely superior to anything he had since seen in Sydney. Mr. Gormly, who is rapidly becoming a slash ing swash-buckler of a speaker, was suc cessful in carrying his motion. After tea. the country members still kept the ear of the Assembly. The bucolical tonguo waa loosened, and the assemblage bad inch a bushy tone about it that if any member had perched him- self on the back of a beach, ia the ortho- don stock-yard rail fashion, no one would have been much surprised. Then the Vrviv was of bullocks and c rate ho lea, of leaders and ahaften, and the illusion complete that had the cry of Gee off Strawberry," shaken the chandelier' several cf the " dumb, driven " Minuterlsi cattle would have instantly answered L> the call. Although the Minister for Works as serted that the construction of light rod- way lines was paxt of the Governmental programme, members were not rati iSl to allow either Mr. HaariM's or Mr. Lyne's motion to pass without dtscuuion. I Member followed member as night follows I O J# but which was eight and which ' day it was impossible to say, as the state- ( fnent brought forward by one man as much resembled tboee of another as Chi Ki resembles Hong Ko. When a booming round announced that Mr. John Sutherland was on his Let, stranger In the gallery thinking Parkes was " hup," leaned over expecting to hear some reference to Lord Carnarvon, or the " Dock " of Manchester, but when that mournful round,— resembling the burring of an elderly bluebottle in a bell- topper — floated up to them, tbey looked round for tho fire escape door. A fire escape door, it may bo remarked, is a door through which you can fleo from tho scone of a conflagration in about fifty per cent, more time than by any other opening, although yin expect to git in fifty per cent, less Many members' were absent from the House, whether " suffering a recovery " or detained by business U unknown. The "sneerergesentiM tho "rabbit detec tive," and tho "may ghost" were not much in tho Honac. ana, when in, wets unusually quiet 1 in fact, "honest" John was in fuQ command of the Treasury ttfiK-hf daring most of the even ing. It is not to be wondered that members deserted the House, a drearier entertainment than that pro vided by the eempoay it would be impossible to imagine, it was worse even than the weak performance of a trashy opcra-booffe at which we assisted on the previous evening, and that is saying a good deal. During the owning there was an ovidont desiro to adjourn. Members on the crosi- benches were whispering all night to each other, " I'm fall of this sentiments of this sort are Infectious, and at 10.20 p.m. general cry of "adjourn " went up, and after Mr. O'Mara had asked tho Premier a few " funny" questions, the curtain dee cended, and ono of the poorest plays of this or any other season was over. 