WTl'HEED'S WHABF A THAMESSIDE TAT-K or FOUR charters. CHAPTER L — SORTERS; ftetweeu Thames Street and tile river Thames, upon a spot on which toewmti. of an English monarch once stood, there stands a lofty warehouse - so 5=fe=i t®«t even at mid-day it throws some shadow upon the broad wharf below, where steamboats and lighters and other are closely moored. It is a busy scene - for apon that silent highway/ where formerly the gilded barges of royalty glid ed to and fro with cargoeB o£ dames and courtiers, blade bargee now pass in Blow procession, led by asthmatic togs of the most democratic appearance. Here laughter seldom greets the ear; the hoarse shouts are heard of bargees and lightermen, and the constant .trundling of iron trucks Inulnl witYi Knwne or bales ; bnt above all other noise sounds the rattling chainworfc of huge cranes when the goods are lifted into toe air and swallowed up ataome.wide aper ture upon one of the numerous floors of the warehouse— a warehonse whichjwonld seem to boast of unlimited accommoda tion ; far the nnioading from, the Hghfa> and the lifting of merchandise into one storeroom or another goes on day after day from dawn until dn»lr Upon the first floor of this warehouse, looking out upon the river,' is Mi. T.in. tock's office. Mi. Lintock is the pro prietor. Wythred's wharf and warehonse have been in the family . far gwnnwtjffnw Few richer men are to be found than John Lintock in the city of Tmim - and yet, as he eat late one aftnrnoonnt his desk, this princely wharf-owner a discontented, troubled look. His. fore head was deeply wrinkled, and the ex pression in his eyes waa that of a who was constantly haunted by some distressful thought. A knock at his office door, for no obvious reason, stiutied him. It was growing dusky on the river, and the men were beginning to disperse for the night. It was. duskier still in the wharf- own er'a room ' Who's that P Mr. Lintock, half-ris ing from his chair, shaded his eyes with his hand. — Ducket 1 Ah, that's right — Well, Ducket,' said, he, when the mm had closed the door, what is it P Looking round the sombre room, Ducket said : ' Shall I light your lamp, sir f ' Mo, Ducket, I shall not need it to night I am going home. — Have yon anything to Bay P Ducket was Mr. Llntock's foreman. He was a broad-shouldered man, with large limbs and a great honest face. His figare was angular — a gaunt form, ag gravated in its stoop by constantly bend ing to lift heavy weights. He had the keen, searching eyes of one long acccns- tomed to the supervision of a hive of workmen. ' Yon wished me to tell yon, sit, when I saw Clogstoon again.' ' Well P said' Mr. Unlock, noticing eome hesitation. ' I have seen him.' ' About the wharf P ' Mo ; he has given op coming here. He took the hint I gave him last time, and has kant a WAV tonnoh T never thought that he would. ' Where, then,' said Mr. Lintock; ' did you see him P ' On London Bridge. Hie was loung ing there eir — leaning over the parapet. It was getting dark; as it might be now ; and I saw him look at the warehouse and then down into the river, as if he had half a mind to drown himself: Tm a-thinking, sir,' added Docket; that he's getting a bit daft. The wharf-owner answered thought- folly : «A to himself.' 'And to others, sir/ said the foreman significantly. '-He's plotting. A man like Clogstonn wonld stick at nothing.' ' What do you mean, Buokett, by that ?' Duckett twisted his cap In his hand and glanced out of the. window upon, the darkening river. 'Hotting revenge,' said ha 'EhP ' Plotting revenge,' repeated Docket, with a quick: look at his master. 'Why these broken-down, drunken chaps like Clogstonn, sir, have nothing to lose — they set nn vsIub ' on life. ' Do yon- mean .flimr nam. P Ay, tic; neither thrir own nor other people'a YorfU excosa me, sir ; bnt if yon had seen, his face The fore- man stopped abrnptly. Something, in Mr. lintcxtle face alarmed him ; a keen stab could scarcely have prodnceOJ a more sudden change. Bat the startled expression passed before he conld even inqmra if his master was ill. ' Ducket,' arid Mr. Isnfcoek, rising from his cbaii;. if Clogstonn ever comes to the wharf either by Thames-street or the river, yon hara my feareto handhim over, to the police- We mnBt run hb risks in a place tike titis. lamglad to see. added, the wharf-ownerapproiinriy, ' that yon are alive "to the fact that the man fe a dangriouB character. - As he drove that evening towards London Bridge Station through the lamplit streets, Hie. Unlock peered rest lessly oat of the carriage window ; and in the bgt.(iiDinqQ.-v£a« tw with uncouth, diasqrited: faces. langhnd at half- open tavern doors, he looked about him witothe terror of one who; dreaded to recogniae some -repulsive facot Rnuiog t&fim.; 'jtMH nnt 'uiuiL ttB wharf- owner had jmsaedTntototowowdet station timt fae eeesned. to tinnw- off- in some degree toi» atnmgB,omaorily, inlna unfortunate firikrw-men. Mr. TjnfavA- livedat -Greenwirii, and the train was on the paint of starting.# Ae he steedSntomrniHWaea aparte ment and the portar was cfoeingtog; dooc, a young BncttiB and stannedin afterJhim- Br flis.iBC light overhead th=rooperiBBd4Bad«lhBt as firianfla, and. S WitlU gnaitiPg took place.between.toemf : 'Why, Ovsrbeck/ eiiiL tto wharf- ovrner, '-what takroyoato Greenwich? ' I wna-eonrin down to gay yon a visit' ''".'. J.... s Tp ddigjited to hear it. ' j." A. Linlockand Eercy- ..-Bwrtwt.,iiad; bedr hadfafannwrt Ofa< booseiin. lrinityBapa»waj|Bmnr-j<rifny dtiuEowms; s»ungmd»,had! eentedhia letter of recommendation and so it came to pass that the young Hamburg merchant quickly l«mt 0 realise that Mr. Lintock had a fascinat ing danpterr Nordii: hefedespair of amne day, winning Bertha - Llntock's hand' ' " " -a- The train was in rapid motion. The two friends, seated oppomte to earti other, were chatting pleasantly, when a tenting change came ovor Mr. Llntock's face — .The .expression was that of abject terror... With his. byes fixed ae though he were fascinated — fixed: npon the farther window of thn carriage the wharf owner sat pale and speechless. Overbeck could not withdraw his gaze j and ao completely did Mr. Llntock's Altered face" and attitude impress trim, that for the moment he imagined some thing supernal; uroLhad appeared to him. Turning His head to folio w the direction w. uie wuan-owners eyre, uverback was surprised to era- no phantom— nothing viable beyond the window but black night. , Ovahack placLJbis hand npon. Mr. Llntock's arm. ' Are we in danger? Ton stare as though you anticipated something terrible, IE there is any1 — The.whii-f-reiiar nimJ Hs right, hand to silence his companion, at the same time covering hie eyes with his other, ae if to shot out some repulsive nigh 'There is no danger — he spoke in a strange agitated voice — ' no danger now. It is past' " 'This answer, in Overbeck's excited state of mind; did not satisfy him. 'There was danger, then ? If it was real, and not mere fancy ' It uotroaL It's lucky , we met to night. Your presence has saved my life' ' In what possible way.?'. . _ 1 Do not question me now,' said Mr. Lintock with great earnestness. I saw, as distinctly ss r see yon at thiB moment, a face at that farther window — and he pointed towards itws bespoke — ' a face that has haunted me for more than a year past' Overtseck sprang up to goto the car riage door ; bnt toe wharf- owner placed a restzaimng famd ppn" hia shoulder. 'Don't stir! The face haa gone It wonld be madness ' The engine shrieked, and the carriages began to slacken pace. In another min ute the train bad come to a standstill in Greenwich Station. CHAPTER n. — THE WHARF- OWBBB'a STORY, Mr. Llntock's home, an old mansion in toe neighbourhood of Greenwich Park, was snmranded by a high garden wall. The great iron gate leading into a large courtyard might hava been "the miteance to a prison ; and its gloomy aspect filled Percy Overbeck's mind with vague fears. Bnt when the front door was- thrown open, and he stepped with, toe wharf- owner into a broad, well-lighted hall, all sense of dread was instantly dm- " missed, for at the foot of the oaken staircase stood Bertha Lintock. She was a tall, graceful girl of nineteen ; and she always looked her best,in Percy's opinion, at these moments of greeting with her father ; not that her dark eyes were want ing in their eloquent expression of wel come when they met hia Bat she simply Raid in a dnrmina tons of well- feitrned surprise: ' Mr. Overbeck? How very kind this is !' as she took his proffered band. Overbeck could not fail to notice; from Bertha's anxious glance at her father's face, that she guessed something had. recently upset him. Was it possible that .the girl had any suspicion that such a trouble as this, which he had accident- ally discovered, wmghetinpoaherfBlher's mind? Bertha's firat wwds, when they were alone in the drawing-room before dinner; ' Have yonxBjnsrked rhe change in my father? To-night he does not seem the same man, convinced Over- beck that she had been told nothing He is greatly changed,' replied the young man, ' I am. mnch. concerned, Mim T.intavjr, about him.' 1 Can anything be done f ' I mncmely hope tint your father will talk to me about himself this even ing — Ishall draw him . out/ Kb added laughingly, to reassure her; ' over our rign/ Bertha's eyes expressed her sense -of gratitude. Daring dinner; Mr:,. Lintock was deeply abstracted;., in. fact, . he jeft Bertha to do all the talking j. "so ;toe'sna Percy conversed together to their hearts' content: ' : " As soon as dinneit wgsytvei; Bertoa. rose to leave thatwoxnen to their wine.. While Oferbeck'sh'fiqldyg' "open toe aD6i, toe giH gave him one OFthoae ap- as she pwreifl ont winch he Saioi>g siter. t it/; ' How that ,we are alone,' said Mr: Lintock; 'wSI yimva me your attem- tiuu far a fow minntes ? I want to tell you of the fsce th hknnte ma I haVB hteated fiireomttime speaking -teyon. The incHewt in the toun toSught has SSi'rida la After a mometifs paoK;te wharf- owner atoed:' Doyou rmhamber,Pver- beA; an: indiridad - nmmBdCfi Offltnan T : - 4-.'.7IsidSJWiffc-'jaBw " ... ' Hfi WBS«.wockmaa at toe vriurEV, I diehnroBdliim'ftR'inBobriety.' V ' pmiaa nvwherk-dflribt- fnllly/ 'with Mack hnugtj.eyns? " ; WaaMfc lflntoctfsi ,auHW« im jyt dracri !hfin!:TSat'8 rthevnaawfaoeeftoe Inawatthe carriage window tD- night.': '' Ovaffiedr looked sesniiiy: ahlti® whart-owner. ' IffiBighnsfc- - .- ruiwii the' maiiM-'face-. Eta».so « Bnt,' «ii' Oyertie<i; ' '«nd£ro a 11 &reeverfiaJ;'aiul" laLxh; ancihg ronnd the rontrijivftii that harated look. Min.— 'evBijjtoere amLalwayntiueafe rfacedas-haed «BroBBrua.«tfui;- « " better think it over. I did not like hie look. then : there was something strange in his eyes — a look that seemed to me to contain a touch of insanity. A'few days afterwards he accosted me in Thames Street ; and there he loaded me with insult, and vowed that he wonld not rest until he-had taken my life.1 Overbeck started up with an angry exclamation on his lips : 'The is mad!' 'I treated this threat, at first, as the silly utterance of a drunkard,' continued Mr. Lintock. ' It gave me at the moment no real uneasiness. Bnt as time went by, his conduct began to alarm me. He again accosted me, and became more insolent. I warned him that I shonld be forced if he not cease to annoy me, to take the matter before a magistrate.' ' Ah said Overbeck excitedly. ' you did rieht.' ' But that has had no effect. He still dogs my footsteps if I venture out after dark. I see his eyes fixed upon me at every corner. And unless something is done to pnt a stop to it,' said the wharf- owner, 'I shall fall ill. My duties at the warehouse are a sufficient wear and tear, without Clogs to uu's wretched, drunken face- threatening me night and day !' Overbeck was paring np and down the room. He could not rest with toe thoaght of Mr. Lintock harassed and in sulted at every turn. ' Does any one know, except ourselves,' said he, ' about this afiair ? The wharf-owner reflected a moment: ' Docket, I think suspects something : no one else.' ' Mot even yonr daughter V ' 1 have never,' said Mr. lintock, somewhat "evasively, 'spoken to heron the subject,' After a moment's pause, Overbeck asked ; ' Can yon give me Clogstouu's address f The wharf-owner looked up in surprise. ' It never occurred to me, Overbeck, that he had any. In what hole or corner in London would he lodge? His appearance was no better, when I saw him last, than that of a vagabond or tramp.' He most be known to the police.' ' So I hope, for he has fallen very low. He was seen by Ducket last on London Bridge contemplating, I should think from toe account he gave me, suicide or something worse. For is there a crime,' added the wharf-owner, 'that one so profligate would not commit ? The very thought makes me shudder ! If you had -seen the-man's- face to-aighk the dread would have laid hold of you — as it has of me — that my life is in danger.' He spoke in a very earnest tone. But there was no trace of agitation in hia manner now. His words, 'My life is in danger,' teemed to express the conviction of a sound- minded. man capable of nature re flection. 'You are seriously of opinion, Mr. 1 Lintock, that the faca at the carriage window was real, rmd not imaginary T He. Lintock, with a thooghtfnl look, bent npon the ground, replied : 'That ia a question to which I wish, Overbeck, I could give you a satisfactory answer, is it real ? The face, as I tell yon, threatens me so momentarily — so unex pectedly : it seems real — only too real' Then he suddenly added with a searching glance : ' Yon do not think my brain affected ? Well, well; it's not surprising if you do. I have enough worry at the wharf, sometimes, without this one, to to drive mecrajy.' Overbeck promised to take the matter earnestly in hand; and after some further conversation on the subject, of a reassur ing nature, Mr. Lintock proposed that they should go and join Bertha in the drawing-room. She was at the piano. Bnt she rose when toey came in, and gave them tea, and paid eome little, delicate attentions to her father, as a devoted daughter alone knows how. Then she returned to the piano and began to play a sonata that seemed like an accompaniment to her dreamy thoughts. Presently, Percy Overbeck went softly to a chair beside her, for the wharf-o wnei bad-fallen asleep. ' He has spoken to you,' said the girl, Stilt accompanying her dream. ' Has he -not.?'' Her face was trembled, and tears stood in her eyes. ' We have talked toe matter over. He has- tola me everything; Do not be distressed : there is really no need. Have confirfsno in ma Will you — as an old friend ?' There was little oceacdon to have asked this. Bertha's face, though, trembled, had not last its trastfulnere. ' Why ehqald yoa-doabt- that?' was tbcugiri's reassuring reply: " For weeks -qmst I have -wished that my father wonld speak to ypul ; I knew that" something dis turbed him. But he is te considerate-! He has dome his best to fridedt fnmrme, fearing' to give me tha least aland' It is abpnt a discharged workman — it iabeettoatypBshonldrknow — a fellow wno inreaxens-yonr -xisner. xne ait air has unnerved htm ; but I hope to put matters-right. . Yon are not frightened ? 'Ho; not now,' saidBerth&ia; low voice — not -uuw, that yon are: lifting baifthe biudteoffourriionldera. How gqoifeiif yoa.!' ' m 'wM -iretesstSile. Overbeck an- swered earuestiy : ' There fa nn harden thteT wcmlff not ltatej/Bertos, for yonr .sake:'' : r' 'IFocme f ' Yes, Bertha. I — IJove ywt There was a fintter-of tok dartr eyB- 1 ashes, bat toe prl did notr'ntTRs hereyEs. The BccompMiiinPnt .to -her .dream was abnoskinaudibfe now,. Was ton.' reality —toe conrictipn of her love fbr Percy jjvrildairoh icmOThte? . ' ' The sonata, was fihWind and Mr. IsntnrkawokB.ont.rf -bis.iiap.Itvna timeftn- Orerbeekto hid frfs firfwodsgood- vtiiAl' 4n» - In liiiiisrliii txwi to &mdon..; Ha canht a swaet ftorid giancefrumBatoaashetookjus leave. '-When ton i train 4w- arenoadUhg' Ltmdoh yfeiny axed ttegimrirmtoejBrtefVily togA- liMte J-Billlat? j II- wydsgB Uial lay biddeu, in dwk.xuurtii; and alleys, .in toe opt rif-alllfltis gUre- .Waa:tohi'%M..whMBhaimtfcJI5n- inim&»jaaag: pi8®eHBroSB#EnnBtoranent' Ties liitx"' J.TJi. anmraiob.''' forebodings, winch had lately perturbed his brain troubled him do longer. His interest in the bnsiness of the wharf returned, and Dntot fonnd him one evening working in grim earnest at his desk. ' Well, Ducket,' said Mr. Lintock as the foreman came in, lantern in hand, to light his lamp, ' who is on daty to night ?' ' I'm on daty, sir, until twelve o'clock.' ' Not alone P ' Why, yes. The fact is, sir, I'd a special object in relieving toe night- watchman.' The wharf -owner's glance expressed surprise. ' What object could you pos sibly have V Docket; still occupied with Mr. Lin- tock's lamp, answered without raising his eyes : ' I'm expecting Mr. Overbeck.' ' At what hoar P Docket handed toe wharf-owner a slip of paper. A single line, which he recog nised as Percy Overbeck's writing, am as follows : ' Ten p.M. Wait at wharf. — P.O.' Mr. Lintock'd face while reading this underwent a change ; but recovering himself quickly, he said : ' Do you know why ML Overbeck is coming here to night P The lamp was now lighted ; and Ducket, while placing it npon the wharf- owner's desk and adjusting toe shade; replied : ' IPs about Clogstonn. So I naturally suppose ; for there ain't any thing else that I can think of would bring him here at that time o' night The note, juBt as yon see it was given to me this afternoon.' Who brought it P ' One of Mr. Overbeck's clerks.' The wharf-owner looked thoughtful. ' I have plenty to keep me busy till tea o'clock,' said he; throwing a glance over toe papers before him. ' Mr. Overbeck is coming, depend npon it, . about Clog stonn. I shall wait and see him.' Then taking up his pen, he added ; ' You'll be within hearing, Docket; in case I want you?' ' You've only to touch your bell, air ; I shall be euro to hear.' It was the first time for many weekB that the wharf-owner had worked alone in the counting-house after dark ; audit was sot surprising that the dead silence and solitudes, when he occasionally stop ped and looked np from his desk, should remind him of toe threatening face of Clogstonn. He had dismissed the clerks, for be had no need of assistance ; every detail referring to the wharf was entered in the books npon the shelves around him. Still tnis dead silence and solitude seemed each moment more oppresive. Mr. lintock looked at his watch. It was past nine. What could Ducket, he wondered, be doing so noiselessly down stairs ? It waa strange that he had neither heard the sound of bis footstep nor of his voice. The wharf-owner thoaght : ' If Ducket would only sing or move about the warehouse, the sense of loneliness and dread which is creeping over me wonld be removed. Shall I touch the bell ?' He tried manfully to dismiss this feeling and to find absorption in the work before him ; but there now arose in his mind, more vividly than it had ever done, this haunting face. He imagined the figare of Clogstonn, as Docket had described it, leaning over the parapet on London Bridge. Was the man there to night? The wharf-owner could not resist the temptation to stretch out his hand and draw back the curtain from his window and" look out upon the dark river. The lights flickered on London Bridge ; but they were dim — too dim to have enabled Mr. Lintock to distinguish one figure from another. Yet he fancied that, dark as it was, he could discern a shadowy form standing near the centre of the. bridge, and that toe form re sembled that of. the man with triune face he was so painfully haunted. He drop ped the curtain with an angry gesture. 'What if Clog&oun; is there?' he ex claimed aloud. But the wharf- owner's hand trembled now; he could not write. The black horrors which he had resolutely overcome began again to crowd his brain iike imps of . darkness ; the more he tried to chase them from him, the more they swarmed. His imagination awakened into terror at last: A firm conviction took hold upon him : it was like a nightmare which no strength of will could drive from his brain : Clogstonn was staring at him through toe glass partition in toB clerk's office like a cat watching its prey ! Mr. Lintock sprang to bis feet. At this moment toe "great gate-bell in the courtyard of the warehonse began to ring. CONCLUSION, — with vnv tidr. After lighting Mr. Llntock's lamp, Ducket had descended to the basement, on a level' with the wharf' It was a huge storeroom ; its area represented the dimensions of .tha entire warehonse ; and although titers were piles of mer chandise heaped up on- all sides of the iron pillars which supported'/ toe floor abovepte . great sits was. still apparent, . for there were avenues in every direction between these goodly piles wide-euough for the trocka bo ran to - and fro. - Near toe river - entrance to tins- storeroom stood a wooden shBd ; ;it had a door fac ing the main avenae,-snd a email win dow on each side. On toe door was written, 'Superintendent's OfEca.' Due- ,ket raised ' toe . lateb and stepped /in. There was a dtek-tradsr one of' the win dows, and under toe -other stood a stove with a funnel disappearing through a hole in the woodworiri The foreman drew np a chair in . front affthlB drive, and haringtakea a look atihe fire and fad ft "wito charcoal; hahegon to appease ; Ida mppetite out of /a baito andterUaek- : ekted/ tincuL wito a corkjn.ft whlch etood on the fanfe. He ate "his sapper witirepparent nfidi : but the mixture lnthe cam didnotseem to his taste; he reetedift-witoAgrimace-hEter-toe .fleet draught: '/Ed rather ddnk a pint of aenna/ dedareii Duckei; dnrag 'the oirirdiomevsiii|diatiiaaiy 'witotoB palm of his tandj 'toaimthBr-drop of that He lit Uspipa . yrito-anair of magnatfi in, doauofl.hack in/ Ms chair, and stared/pBiydexedly- at toB'-Ztin can. Had any one, be wondered/ been play ing him. afahd&t;'ffo-waa: beginning to get deqaagsgf-.. that when he TRsponsiMw pnajtiun-yfae waa toft ac watchman in the. warehouse. If any catastrophe were to occur, no matter how it was brought about, he fait that the blame would fall upon ins shooldere. Ducket knocked the ashes out of his pipe, took up his lantern, and went out side the toed. He began to pace resolutely np and down the centre avenue between pyramids of sarin and bales. It was a painful struggle; but ft lasted only a short time. No: matter which way the foreman turned, whether to the right or to toe left, he waa becom ing mora and more impressed with the fact that uncertainty lay beyond. This soon, ended by the lantern dropping from Ducket's hand and going out ; and then j he sank upon the ground with his haul resting upon a hard bale. Was he dreaming? It seemed to Ducket, as in a dream, that someone glided past him like a ghost and that a light was flashed before his eyes; and then a long interval of darkness and confused fancies followed, until he gradually awoke — awoke with a start — strongly convinced that he had been roused by the clang of toe warehouse bell " Could it be Mr. Overbeck at the gate already ? It was surely nut yet ten o'clock ! The foreman scrambled to his feet, and groped along the dark avenue of goods towards the. superintendent's office ; for he. could, find. his. way about toe warehouse without a gleam, of fight As he went along with outstretched hands he experienced a dull singing in the ears. Was it the gate- bell still vibrating in his bewildered brain ? Ducket found the etove-fire etill burn ing, though low. He took down a lantern from the wall,/ and lighting it, he glanced anxiously at the clock. ' Half-past ten,' exclaimed the foreman ; 1 why ' It teas the warehouse bell It was no dream now ; it sounded like an alarm, it was so incessant Still half-dazed with the oppressing effect of hia unnatural sleep, Ducket hurried across the yard, and unlocking the side-door leading into Thames Street, found him self face to face with Percy Overbeck ' Why are you so dilatory,' said Over- back; with an air suppressed impatience, ' in answering the bell V ' I only heard it, eir, a minute ago.' ' How's that? I've been ringing at short intervals for nearly half an hour. Is anything wrong ?' ' Ducket, looking puzzled at Overbeck's excited face, answered : ' I very much suspect that ' 'Wrntr 1 That I've been drugged. That's why i couldn't come. I fell asleep ; the noise of toe bell awoke me,' The excited expression in Overbeck's excited face, increased. ' And yon here alone ?' ' I'm the only one on duty ; but Im not alone in toe warehouse,' said the foreman ; ' Mr. lintock is here.' 'Overbeck . hurriedly demanded : .Where V ' In his office up-staira. I. left him here busy writing at hia desk.' ' When ?" ' Some hours ago — before I- became drowsy.' Hours ago ? — Show the way as quick as yon can to Mr. Lintock's room. Docket, still more perplexed at Over beck's manner, hastened op-stairs without a word. Ha was seized with a dreadful sense of apprehension ; and on opening Mr. lintock's door, he uttered a sup pressed cry. The wharf-owner's room was empty ; but the lamp upon his desk was bnrning, and the light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An inkstand had been upset npon the table, and the ink was tricHing down into a pool npon the floor. Overbeck, stepping forward, took a quick glance round him. Then he looked keenly at Ducket. 'Clogstonn has been here. He and Mr. Lintock have met' The foreman's face expressed a look of horror. ' Now, Ducket,' said Percy Overbeck, niacin it hia hand nnon fcha foramaiiV shoulder, 'nerve yourself Let as sesxch the. warehonse.' The warehouse was explored from roof to basement". The foreman, who had known, .every turning among the dark lanes of merchandise since boyhood, took the lead, flashing his lantern into every nook and corner. Oo each floor they called on lb. lintock londly by name ; but only an echo of their voices reached them. They stood once more within the -wharf-owner's room. ' Ducket,' said Overbeck; 'cast your eyes carefully round. Is anything miss ing?' The light from the foreman's lantern moved over the floor and then slowly round the walls. Suddenly it stopped bebiod Mr. Lintock's chair. ' Do you eee that peg, sir ?' 'Yea.' ' The key should be there. IPs gone.' ' What key ?' ' The key, eir, to that private door / and Docket pointed to a door opposite the window. . ' But,' sud Overbeck, ' tost leads out upon toe wharf And/ he added, turn ing toe handle, ' ifs locked. What can. ft rneauY ft means,' arid the foreman with sud den inspiration, 'tost, ' dead, or alive, awster haa gone out by that door.' Without loss of time; by means of the superintendent's key, they, mids their way out upon the landing-stage. They locked eagerly antws the dark river. The tide was lapping mnaatuaously against the sides of. the wharf; chains were ""jfogi boats and barges moored 'along side creaked arid etrunedat their rupee. Presently Docket, who went flashing about wftlf .hia indispensable lantern, cried nut-: 'There's a-boat gone 1' 'Ah! — -Is thetide ebbing F ' Ay, sir, ebbing/fast Overbeck reflected / a- moment ; then. he said': ' Give ma ths -lantern. Ducket obeyed. ; 'Now/ added/Overbeck, ' un- fasten a boat; 'and let as row down"' stream. We are on.tie track,Xhope, at fasten -' -:"-; The foreman quickly set; to work. Theira wra aiboatsiirtedto tofar purpose, lying outride a . barge ; it was soon" loosened and-rsadyfor them, to stiri 33Lfaketoe senile, «aid Ovnrbeckas be steppinto his -ffriee" ; « Yaukhall sto»: ; Kukiinw't(im pairttifihe river faftter&iaa; Lda-Att;yoa ready F 'Bitot! WttotoetofaMt Oretbeckr « Yee, by eU ummthfade. 7 /redder arid OverireiEtoe WAls, toe borf. temredrestzfaito went witortob efafcoigi tide nnfar the ) gSkSSteFtwBrSflrw ing- warehouses until' Ducket's lantern was a mere speck of "gliding light .in: the darkness. \- ... . Bertha Lintock; although made aware in a message from her father that he should not return until, late, began to grow anxious towards midnight'. She paced up and down her room, and con stantly listened for the sound of wheels in toe carriage-drive; the unpleasant affair, of which Percy Overbeck had spoken to her reassuringly, recurred, to her mind. Though trusting, in Percy, she could not conquer her strong presen timent of danger ; for, when a child, strangely enough, Wythred's wharf had made a deep impression upon Bertoa. While walking at her father's side through toe great sombre storerooms, toey had reached some passage — walled narrow that she had shrunk back with sudden fright; and wonld go no farther. That was her first visit, and she' had never entered toe warehouse rince. Pre sently, Bertha heard a hurried step out side the house. She ran to toe window and threw it open. Overbeck stood below. 'Percy! — haa anything hap pened? she asked. ' Where is father?' 'He is here. Bertha — at the gate. Yon have no need to be alarmed.' Bertha hastened into the hall. Percy O verbeck met her at toe door, and they went into toe dining-room to gether. 'Yonr father has been again seized with that odd fancy,' Percy has tened to tell her. He believes that while mated in ins office this evening, dogstoon threatened him. Panic- stricken, he escaped from this phantom, or -reality, down his private staircase leading to the wharf Here, groping his way to the barges, he dropped into s boat; and setting it adrift; went out with the tide. Ducket and "I— to cnt a long story short — overtook the boat, and At this moment Mr. Lintock slowly entered the -room, leaning on. -Ducket's arm. His clothes were wet and. be spattered with mud. Seeing hia daughter he . stepped towards - her, but losing strength, he sank into a chair. Bertha ran to.his ride and bent over him. 'Are you hurt; father? No, my d ear, only exhausted. Percy and our old friend Ducket,' arid he, looking up gratefully into their faces, ' have saved my life.' The wharf-owner's nerves were badly shaken. But a few days' rest, under hia daughter's thooghtfnl supervision, re stored' him to health. Clogstoun's face never haunted Mr. Lintock again ; for on the day after this occurrence, toe man was found at the warehouse among some bags of sea- damaged hemp-seed, breathing his last ; and <ss a small phial was discovered at his side containing traces of a narcotic; ft was conjectured that he had poured a portion of this drug into Ducket's tin can, and had himself swallowed the rest with a Btroogresoi veto bring lus wretched existence to an end. For soma time Mr. lintock avoided the subject of his flight .from toe office and from the face. It appeared, how ever, that at the moment what Clogs tonn forced his way into the room, the wharf-owner retreated through . the private door. This door he locjrad be hind him, in order to cut off pursuit ; and thna separated from the Thames Street exit by Clogstoan'a presence; Mr. Lintock had made his escape by water, In after-days, when Bertha had be come Overbeck's wife, they often dwelt on that midnight affair at Wythred's wharf ;' and ft transpired how Percy, frequently on the watch for Clogstonn, having learnt something of his bannte and habits, had reason: to suppose that he. had found a means of getting into the warehonse. For this reason, he had appointed that meeting with Docket, though scarcely imagining that events would tab such a strange turn as toey hied done. 