A Fossil Continent. Under the above heading Cornhill devotes a dozen pages to a description of the fauna of Australia, a country which is described as being still in its secondary age, a surviving fragment of the primitive world or the chalk period of earlier ages. Isolated from all the remainder of the earth about the beginning of the tertiary epoch, the writer goes on to say, long before the mammoth and mastodon had yet dreamt of ap pearing upon the stage of existence the Austra lian continent found itself at an early period of its development cut off entirely from all social intercourse with the remainder of our planet, and turned upon itself, like the German philosopher, to evolve its own plants and animals out of its own inner consciousness. The natural conse quence was that progiess in Australia has been absurdly slow, and that the country, as a whole, has fallen most wofully behind the times in all matters pertaining to the existence of life upon its surface. The peculiarity of Australia as a whole consists for the most part in the fact that it still remains at very nearly the same early point of development which Europe had attained a couple of million years ago or thereabouts. Aboriginal and unsophisticated Australia in the lump was wholly given over, on its first disco very, to kangaroos, phalangers, dasyures, worn- batB, and other quaint marsupial animals with names as strange and clumsy aB their forms. Tho marsupials are simply one of the very oldest mammalian families. In the kingdom of science it -is the oldest families that are accounted the worst, while the best families mean always the newest. The earliest mammals to appear on earth were creatures of distinctly marsupial type. As long ago as the time when the red marl of De vonshire and the blue lias of Lyme Regis were laid down on the bed of the muddy sea that once covered the surface of Dorset and the English Channel a little creature like the kangaroo rats of Southern Australia lived among the plains of what is now the South of England. In the ages succeeding the deposition of the red marl Europe seems to have been broken up into an archipelago of coral reefs and atolls, and the islands of this ancieHt volitic ocean were tenanted by numbers of tinv ai.cestral marsupials, Borne of whom ap proached in appearance the pouched ant eaters of Western Australia, while others resembled rather the phalangers and wombats, or turned into excellent imitation carnivores, like the Tas- inanian devil. Up to the end of the time when the chalk deposits of Surrey, Kent, and Sussex were laid down there is no evidence of the exist ence anywhere in the world of any mammals dif fering in type from those who now inhabit Aus tralia. Li other words, so far as regards mam malian life, the whole of the world had then already pretty nearly reached the same point of evolution that poor Australia still sticks at. The very fact that Australia encloses a large group of biggish quadrupeds, whose congeners once inhabited Europe and America, suffices in itself to prove beyond question that uninterrupted land communication must once have existed between Australia and those distant continents. The Australian blackfellow belongs to an extremely ancient human type, and strikingly recalls in his jaws and skull the Weanderthal savage and other early pre-historic races ; while the woolly-headed Tusmnnian, a member of a totally distinct human family, and perhaps the very lowest sample of humanity that has survived to modern times, must have crossed over to Tasmania even earlier Btill ; his brethren on the mainland having no doubt been exterminated later on when the stone age Australian blackfellows first got cast ashore upon the continent inhabited by the yet more barbarous and helpless negritto race. As for the dingo or Australian wild dog, only half domesti cated by the savage natives, he represents a low ancestral dog type, half wolf and half jackal, in capable of the higher canine traits, and with a suspicious, ferocious, glaring eye that betrays at- once his uncivilised tendencies. But though the Australian animals are still at the bottom of the European and Asiatic animals of the secondary age, they are those animals with a difference. They have undergone an evolutionTif their own. The ornithorhyncus and tho echidna are both early arrested stages in the devolp.Tient of mam mals from the old common vertebrate ancestor ; and they could only have struggled on to our own day in a continent free from the severe com petition of the higher types which have since been evolved in Europe and Asia. It is very interesting to find that the ganoid or barramunda, the living fossil link between fish and reptiles, should have survived only in the fossil continent Australia. Everywhere else has long since been beaten out of the field by its own more de veloped amphibian descendants ; in Australia alone it still drags on a lonely existence as the last relic of an otherwise long forgotten and ex tinct family. Much excitement has prevailed at Gateshead owing to a report that a ghost had been seen in the borough, A public house which stood near the end of the High Level-bridge, is undergoing demolition to make way for a coffee and reading room for the employes of the North-eastern Rail way Company. This is the spot which is now said to be haunted by the ghostly visitor. Cyni cal wags suggest that there was a much better array of spirits in the public house before a com mencement was made with the work of pulling it down than can possibly be the case now. However that may be, that are not wanting those who declare that at night a female ghost is to be seen flitting here and there over the spot in ques tion. So widespread is the interest in the mat ter, that hundreds of people have awaited the vision, and on more than one occasion the road way has been blocked by the .throng. One week recently two-hundred little children, under five years of age, died in the New York tenement houses in one day ! 