TURF GOSSIP. BY AUGUB. There was every indication of a regular soaker on Saturday, and footballers and athletes generally, as well as racing men, must have dropped their countenances when they looked out upon the uninviting weather threatening to spoil out-door sport ot every description. Jupiter Pluvius proved kinder than was anticipated,£for the rain ceased early, and though the day was dull and some what cold, everybody enjoyed Uie sport, most of it being of a very exciting character. The Caulfield grand 6tand enclosure is now covered with a sward of grass, thick and close as the best Kidderminister or Turkey carpet, and lisitors thereto on Saturday scarcely soiled their boots. This is one of the advantages of attending a meeting of the V.A.T.C., and it only requires n grand stand worthy of the club to render it the most comfortable course in the whole of Vjctoria. A wooden Btand always looks miserable, but a stone or brick edifice gives an air of comfort to a racecourse. Honora, who is always treated so well in handicaps, surprised me by the easy manner in which she won the Trial Handicap, and she most have equally astonished her party, lor Mr. Whit tiugham informed me that he had not backed her for a shilling. It must have been very galling to hare such a real good thing, and derive no benefit from it. Dufferin once looked nil over a winner, but he didn't seem J to care about it when Sanders called upon i him for a final effort There had been so much talk about the Queenslander, Friction, that public curiosity had been raised, and anxious inquiries were made for him before the liardie Race, but he was saddled outside.' I had a good look athim, and his performances in the north were at once explained; for he . was certainly the best-looking horse in the race, and next to him 1 thought came Mool gai, though the visitor was not quite so fit as Whalebone, Roy, and Huntsman, who were all in rare trim, and the first named by his ridiculously easy win must hare satisfied Mr. i Barnard that he is a cut above the ordinary run of hurdleracers. Koy ran like a fairly good animal, but Huntsman, wlio was a shocking .bad third, occupied that position on sufferance, for some of those behind him must have been making very heavy weather of it, inasmuch as their pilots were reefing topsails in a most remarkable iribnuer. After the race, the owner of Krictioh, who felt aggrieved at a member of the sporting press having given what he considered undue prominence to the performances of his horse, threatened to smash the face ot the writer. This sort of thing must not be tolerated. The backers of Stafford in the Selling Race must have Jelt very uncomfortable when they i saw Success looking all over a winner, and they would have gone home lamenting had the 1 boy on Success kept the inside running when be had it Stafford seemed out of it at the] distance, where it looked as if Success and j The Ghost would fight it out, and (lie boy on j the former was watching the latter, who was j on the whip-hand, and Success, drawing out towards The Ghost, left an opening which Fiddes was not slow to avail himself of. In the Steeplechase, Promotion presented a very bold front, but when Royal Oak came to him he settled his pretensions very easily. ' Atlas, who was considered a certaittty, nearly came to jgrief at the first fence through jumping on to Stockman, and after that he didn't get on very well. Mr. Bryant's lictle mare Huby struggled on gamely enough, but though she just headed Promotion she hadn't the ghost of a ahow with Royal Oak. Backers wound up a most disastrpus day by selecting Bosmond as thegood thing of the Glenhuntly Handicap. Why they did 40 is beyond my comprehension, Ringmaster, who was backed heavily at the hist moment, had bad luck in the raoe, or be would most un doubtedly-have won, for though he was apporentlyout of it at the torn he was catch ing the lfeidert at every stride, and had it been 20 yards further he would have glad dened the/hearts of bis backers. I was de lighted to see Menotti win, as much for Harry Yeeud's sake ns^Sir William Clarke's. ' Yeeud has-had-but Vittle luck of -late,--and I hope this -may - be": only the forerunner of a, seriep qS successes,,for there is no more de-1 aervipg trainer fri Anstrolia. Dick Swiveller, 1 who won the two- year-old race eo cleverly, is a very email pon of Swiveller and Brigantine,, by Talk o* the Hill icom Ideal, by Ace of. dubs from Ordeal, and was bred by Mr; George Pyers. The colt is a credit to Swiveller, who will, 1 think, be heard of as a; ?ire. I thought Rosewood looked a greatly improved colt, and Joyful and Strife, bo far as appearances go, will compare favourably with some of the cracks, but the last-named pair were not anything like chferry-ripe. Short work was made ot ,tiie jockey Tomlin, by the stewardsofthe V.&.T.U His excuse, that he had miaaedia train. hadn'tthe slightest weight with the stewards,«nd very properly go, too. Jockeys who ate engaged to ride { should take care to be on the aoene nearly an j hour before the commencement ot & meeting, j Tomlin's punuhpumt is a severe one, for it is disqualification-*{ot suspensionirom riding | in races-for three months, which means; that for that feritfd he will not be allowed j appn any ooune of training-around where the q V.R.C. rdletiwejn force. ' .'l'ornlin is a very Ifcir horeemajvand likely td,take first rant li a jockey. butbfcwill nev$r do ao unless he i makes puHcfcuaUljr one of w aims o! bis life. . ?< From the seeretwr 9I the Calcutta Turt Club I have received the programme of the meetings to be held in January, and I'm pleasea to be able to state that it ia a great improvement upon the former one Local papers assert that Lord Ulick Browne has for years been the stumbling-block to pro gression by the Calcutta Turf Club. lhey give him every credit for conscientiousness and a desire to promote sport, but his viewB were of such a conservative character that things remained as they had been, and there is general satisfaction at his departure for England. I cannot, however, understand why men, who are doubtless sportsmen at heart, make a race for ponies as attractive as the chief event of the meeting-the Vice roy's Cup. The latter has been raised to 7,000 rupees, but the Eclipse Pony Stakes, tor ponies of 13 hands 2 inches or under, is made equally valuable. To Australians this will appear farcical. The first day's sport will be decided on the 22nd December, when six events will be run through, commencing with the Hastings Plate of 1,500 rupees, a hurdle race. The Derby of 2,000 rupees comes next, and this ia tor Arabs. Then follows the Trial Stakes of2,000rupees, amile race for allhorses, and after this comes the Kurnaul Stakes of 2,000 rupees, one mile, for country-breds. The Dealers' Elate of 1,000 rupees is a selling race for all horses imported after the 1st ot May, and no doubt Australia will be pretty well represented in this, as well as in the other races, for several of the Indian traders will take over a number of moderates, as well as a few of a superior kind. The Maiden Pony Stakes of 1,500 rupees finishes the first day. The second opens with the Belvedere Stakes of 1,000 rupees, for Arabs and country breds, and next to this is the Gunny Meah Cup, value 1.000 rupees, presented by Sir Abdool Gunny Meah, with 4,000 rupees from the club, which is also for Arabs and country breds. The Viceroy's Gup is third on the list, and while raising the added money to 7,000 rupees, the club has reduced the dis tance to one mile and three quarters. The Vizianagram Stakes of 1,500 rupees is a selling race of three quarters of a mile, and the Welter Cup of 1,200 rupees is for all horses which have been bought singly in India by their present owners for not more than 2,000 rupees, or in England or Australia for £100. On the third day the Ballygunge Stakes of 1,000 rupees, a selling hurdle race, is open to all horses. The Cooch Debar Cup of 5,000 rupees in specie is the gift of the Kajah of that name, and is a mile and a quarter weight - for - nge race, which is likely to provide a most interesting contest. Then follows the Eclipse Pony Stakes of 7,000 rupees, which accounts for the Indian traders making such anxious inquiries tor ponies under 13.2. If the G'l'.C. will only alter the conditions to 14.2, Australians will undertake to provide them with any number ot flyers. The San down-park Stakes of 1,500 rupees is a handi cap of five furlongs, and the Martin Stakes of 1,500 rupees is a handicap lor Arabs and country-breds. The first event on the fourth day is the Grand Annual Hurdle Race of 2,500 rupees, 1,000 of which are presented by a native sportsman with the imposing title of fiajah PcmaChundar Singh Bahadocr, and a relative of his evidently presents half of the 2,000 rupees given to the Paikpara Cup, a handicap for Arabs and country-breds. The Durbhunga Cup, value £150, is further enhanced in value by the presentation of 80 gold mohurs by the Maharajah of Durb hunga ; it will be run over the St. Leger course, one mile six furlongs and 132 yards. Like Australians and Americans, the Indiana stick to many of the old-country fads. It's English, you know, to make the St Leger course 132 yards beyond one mile and three-quarters. The Chow ringhi Plate of 1,500 rupees is a mile handi cap for ail horses, and this is followed by the Pony Selling Race of 1,200 rupees. First entries for the Viceroy's Cup and many of the other races close on the 15tn October, but by paying 300 rupees owners can enter horses up to the 15th December, and all communica tions must be addressed to the hon. secie tary Calcutta Turf Club, 5 Clivc- street, Cal cutta. The second meeting takes place in January, when the Metropolitan Stakes of 7,000 rupees will form the chief feature of the programme. This is a eix- furlong handicap open to all horses. Next in value is the Merchants' Cup of 2,500 rupees, a mile and a half handi cap. The members of the Calcutta Turf Club are to be congratulated upon the improve ment effected, and if they will only introduce a good race or two for two year olds, the Indian traders will take from Australia a number of yearlings, some of which in the course of time will ripen into first-class race horses, and Indian owners would thu3 have a constant supply of youngsters. From the Indian Planters' Gazette I leam that Vinall lias been appointed head trainer to the Maharajah of Jodhpore, and the newly-appointed trainer has left India for knglana with the Maharajah Pertab Singh, for the purpose of purchasing several race horses. The same journal says".-"-Vinall hopes to steer another Viceroy's Cup winner at the coming Calcutta meeting, but he will have all his work cut out to beat the clinking Australians now being selected for Messrs. Gasper and Mullick, to say nothing of Durb hunga's good grey Mercury, who has not yet been stretched, and that still better per former Matchlock. . . . If Jodhpore has to go to the open market to purchase, how ever much money he may pay, we shall still confidently look forward to seeing the Walers beat any English thoroughbred he may buy. The days are gone for the im portation of the English racehorse to India, for the few sound flyers available are not to be picked up -by chance purchasers, while for one-tenth of the price Australians can be nowadays had who in speed are fully equal to their English contemporaries, and in soundness far their superiors. Our J odhpore correspondent does not tell us what becomes of the old employes, Elliott and Jemmy Robinson, both of whom' have been bo long in the service. . . , Elliott is a man oi long experience and cool head, who as a trainer has few equals in this country, while many good judges consider Robinson to be the!best rider amongst our present profes sionals, and neither, therefore; should be long out of employ." I don't know what " the Australian clinkers*' ate that are to be purchased foe Messrs. Mullick and Gasper, but the hone that would have suited them best-at their "price-was Duration, an£ he has been sold to go to Western Australia. There is no second or third class horse avail able so good as he. Such a' horse as Meteor would suit them, atad as Mr: Maitland'a luck in Australia has been so bad, he may try a change with him in the country where he h(M been most successful. The Indian weigh t-for-age scale has under gone some alterations, and Australian three olds have «cei ved #oi»etbing 4ike ikir year play.. For the six mouths theyhave to give away in age they now receive Ulb. or«r a two miles oooree; lour year obte woehreflfe* five yeaM lib.; bat, of course, aged horses meet English home of the same age upon jun equality. Oneof the most cov^Abt sind perfectly* I Cook. Since the late Mr. Winch built Pytchley-lodge, Mr. Cook has riot only in creased the area, but he has Improved the place, bo that its former proprietor would j scarcely recognise it, The other day I wuilca away pfcrt of an afternoon there very agree ably in the company.of a couple of frienda 1 who are as fond of a. hoble itniinal as I am myself. Mr. Cook has a useful little string of horses-nothing, perhaps, of the first-class, btat with a little luck he Bhould gain a winning bracket or two next -season, though he has not tasted much of the sweets ol Fortune during the Beason which is now passing away. W. Ptestwich is Mr. Cooke head man at Pytchley-lodge, where every thing is kept scrupulously clean ana in perfect order. Stepping into the stable the firat animal I was Introduced to was Liedertafel, who has been enjoying a short spell. This daughter of The Drumtnei and Melody is one of the handsomest fillies in training, and though she has as yet only appropriated a small prize, so racing-like a youngster is almost certain to pick up a useful crumb or two next season. Still more beautiful, though not so big, is Mr. Cook's recent purchase The Charmer, a small but remarkably well-Bhaped chestnut filly, with legs like steel bars. She is a rare-bred one, too, for she is by Robinson Crusoe's brother, Henchman, from the imported mare The Witch, by Nuneham from Sorceress, by Robicrucian from Baa Bleu, by Stockwell from Vexation, by Touchstone. Bas Bleu was the dam of the English Derby winnei Blue Gown, and Bhe descends from Vat, one of the most famous names in the English Stud Book, If Bize were the chief attribute of a racehorse the chestnut gelding by The Englishman from Springtime would take the cake, for he is over 16 hands 2 inches, and only three years old. I recognised an old friend in Remus, who has thickened out and improved since I saw him last. Dividend, too, has improved, but I don't think he is class enough for a big race. The yearlings consist of a couple of fillies, one by Bosworth from Star of Love, a smart looking brown, and the other a very sym metrical bay, by King of the Ring from Mari gold. Attached to Pytchley-lodge Mr. Cook has two paddocks clothed most luxuriantly with English grasses, and in one of these I saw what I considered the most valuable animal in the establishment, this being no other than Marie Louise, Bister to the greatest two year old we have ever seen-Hortense. She has grown into a fine animal, and should prove a very valuable stud matron, for hei blood is of the most fashionable Btrains. Mainsail was enjoying himself in the othei paddock, and this useful son of Rapid Bay being a maiden, should suit some of the Indian purchasers who are on the look-out for one that has not gained a winning bracket The French authorities seem determined to pat down public betting. On the first day ol the Paris meeting, several bookmakers at tempted to do business,but were immediatelj pounced upon by the police and run in. Amongst them were two Englishmen, Johnnj Gideon and his son, and £200 found upon the former was confiscated for the poor of the city. This crusade against betting is likely to have a material influence upon the re ceipts, for while 71,000 francs were taken on the first day of the Paris meeting of 1886, they were reduced to 87,000 this year. The penalty for a first offence is a fine of 10 franca and the confiscation of all moneys found upon the delinquent. One "bookie," who was being politely introduced to " Black Maria," was determined that the authorities should not have any of his, tor he took it from his pocket and threw it amongst the crowd, the result being a scramble, which nearly ended in a free fight. Strolling through tbe Bundoora paddocks a few days ago I saw old Lurline and her colt foal by Suwarrow. In colour tbe youngster throws back to Traducer, for he is a dark brown, and hiB white face is almost the counterpart of hiB mother's, while he has a white forefoot, like Darebin, to whom he bears more resemblance than any other foal the old mare has given us. The colt has all the symmetry of his sire and the size of his dam, and in order that he may have the benefit of the latter's milk as long as possible, Mr. Gardiner did not send Lurline to the horse last season. Topaz also has a splendid filly foal by Suwarrow, and if ttoese two youngsters have ordinary luck the grey sonol old Snowden will probably be heard of as the sire of a great racehorse. The statements that Lindsay Gordon's grave had been neglected were not quite in accordance with fact After the poet's death, a subscription was raised for the purpose of erecting a monument to his memory and making some provision for his widow. Major Baker, who will be remem bered as the sporting owner of the steeple chaser Babbler, and Mr. Robert Power were the chief movers in the matter, and the result of their efforts was a memorial to Gordon and a sum of money for his widow, who some time afterwards married again. Ever since Gordon's death kind friends have tended his grave, which is surmounted by one of the handeomest pillars in the ceme tery at Brighton. The system of timing English racing has always been a weak spot in the manage ment of the pastime. " Pendragon," refer ring to the clocking of ttte Lincolnshire Handicap, says:-"This timing business, as arranged in our country, sad nnder our con tradictory and untrustworthy conditions, is worse than a burlesque." Healao states that he has seldom seen a race ridden with more desperation from aid to end. Surely they are not going to adopt the Australian system. Mr. A. R. Blackwood has named his year ling colt by Newminsfcer from Vindex " Avenger," and his colt by Apremont from Watersprite 41 Waterman," The sates, booths, &c;, for the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting, will be disposed of- by auction, at Ktrl& B&zaar.at; noon onMonday next 1 Visitors to El stem wick-park will remember the American- driver of* trotters, Andy Mnl' Holland. 1 regret to say that, he died last week. No man knew his business better than Mulholland, who lor some time was in the employ of Mr. Roberts, the owner of Boccaccio, but latterly he has bad training stables near Elsterawick-park. fie leaves a widow and one child. Shotover, who won the English Derby, has produoed a fillyfoal to Bend Gr.whoalso won the Derby, This may not appear feu announcement of any great moment ;but nevertheless it is antanpreoedentedcttcau stance. The only other fitlies that woh Die English Derby were Eleanor ial801vaad Blink Bonny in 1857. The focmer nroduoed 10 foals, bat not one-of thorn wns by 4 Derby winner. Boor, Blink Bonny produofed only three foals, Boreatis to Newminster, Blair Athol to Stackwdl, aruTBteadalbuie to Stock well. She then died; - Jt Batty, the weUJcoown steeplechase rider, rat t with a eeritm accident ofcSnntoy s last While op^ngaoine lemonade* bottle kMani a i»ort»oh«fit tateringtoir|^i^ lltr.Ton Donwa, who w»finwU*U) fw lowing the totalisator to be used at the late I meeting, has lodged an appeal against the decision of the magistrate. After the Glenhuntjy Handicap on Saturday Menotti's jockey weighed ia lib. over the weight attached to hia name in the bouk, Mr. Miles, wlio was superintending the scales, would not pass him, and seemed to imagine that, according to Rule 73, he ought to be disqualified, but Mr. H. Smith promptly dis posed of the matter by declaring the jockey right, he being well under the 21b. margin allowed by Rule 75. II. lTeend states that he declared that he would carry lib. over, but, whether he did or not, the fact of the jockey being under the 21b. allowed settled the matter, and he ehuuld have been passed by the weigher. If Mr. Miles were allowed to act upon Rule 73, according to hia view, half the jockeys in some races would be disquali fied. There are excellent acceptances for the Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup, to be run at the S.T.C. meeting on Queen's Birthday. There are 45 in the former, and of these five hail from Victoria, Hogmanay being one of them, and if he be himseli on the day we shall have a very fair chance of winning. I.O.U., Bonnie Doon, and Fernandez are among the acceptors, and the last-named, having performed well on Saturday, is worthy of respect. I've a great fancy for Yetman, and next to him 1 like nothing better than Hogmanay and Halcyon. There are 42 left in the Cup, and the horses that Bre likely to go from here are Ringmaster, Ben Bolt, Bo hemian, All Gold, and Fernandez, and the best of this quintette may help to bring the prize across the border. Ringmaster is in great form just now, and having only a pound more than he carried on Saturday he will take a deal of beating over a mile and three furlongs. Ben Bolt will meet him upon Gib. better terms, which should enable the Caulfield Cup winner to make a better fight than he did last Saturday, when he was | pronounced by some judges as big as a bull ; but I remember having heard some very knowing people express a similar opinion before he left the paddock to win the Caul-1 field Cup. On Saturday he 6iruck me as being a trifle on the big eide, but Kelly's horses always present a round appearance, and, as the horee was not distressed when lie came in, I feel certain that his trainer will ] not have much trouble iu having him ready by the 24th if he desires. Bohemian would have a rare chance if be were in his best form, and so would All Gold. Fernandez, too, Bhould have an outside chance with only 6st. upon his back, but, all going well, Riug maeter will prove the best of our lot, while Crossfire, Kitawa, and Tom Brown may prove the best of the New South Wales division. With so many horses engaged in the two big events, it was tftought the other races would not fill well, but they have, and several Victorians appear among the nominations for the Hurdle Race aud Steeplechase. There are also most satisfactory entries for Sydney Tattersall's Club meeting, and Mr. Perry will rejoice to see each a response from owners of horses. In the Grand National Hnrdle Race there are 26, and Victoria is well represented. Of the 23 in the Grand National Steeplechase half a dozen bail from Victoria. The splendid entry of 64 has been received for the Flying Handicap, and there are 58 in | the Winter Stakes, while 27 appear in the Selling Stakes. Should the members of com- [ mittee not make the mistake of last year, j when they postponed their meeting ou the smallest provocation, there will probably be a ' goodly number of Victorians over to assict at | their Grand National meeting. i Mr. Thomas Haydon is another secretary who must have been pleased when he cast I bis eye over his entry-sheet on Monday even ing. Maiden Plates, with special weights, are very popular with horse-owners, especially towards the close of the season. That which i is in the lilatem wick-park programme has 23 entries. There are no less than 34 in the j Hnrdle Race, 33 in the Victoria Handicap, 39 i in the Trot, and 30 in the Elsternwick-park Handicap. The Melbourne Hunt Club also has met i with plenty of support, for there are 62 in the Birthday Handicap, which promises to be ^ a most interesting affair. In the Hurdle j Race there are 30, and 14 in the Steeplechase, and both selling races have filled fairly welL Mr. J. D. Robinson last week published the conditions of tbe Geelong Racine Club Sires' Produce Stakes and Foal Stakes, both of which dose on the 6th Jane. The former is j already worth 420 sovs.,.of which 320 sovs. are subscribed by the owners of St Albans, First King, King of the Anglers, Slanderer, Loth air, Progress, Rapidity, Neckersgat.Gang | Forward, Darriwell,Albury, Larpent,Martini Henri, Musket, Chester, and Bras- de-Fer. Foals by these eires are -eligible for nomina-1 tion, and all foals are eligible for the Foal Stakes. Mr. W. "Bladder proposes to hold a race j meeting on the old course, Adelaide, early in August, when the Jubilee Cup, presented by themayor, will probably be run. There have been sundry rumours floating about respecting the South Australian horse Isonomy. One was to the effect that he had broken down, and another that he had been sold to go to India. Both are wrong, for " Tfumpator" states that thfe horse is as sound as a bell, and, all going well, will run in the next Melbourne Caps. From the same source I learn that Mr. El worthy has weaned the Morphetville foals, . Among them Gang Forward is represented by five only, but one of these is A foil-brother to the flying Hortense, fttid a brother to Madde lina and:a filly by. Gang Forward from Miami are spoken very hi«bly of. .» . Lastweek Mr. C. Day's dengapy Mid Mr. B. Wyman's Topthorne ran a match lor £50 aside, over a ibile and « bftlf on' the' Adelaide course, and Glengarry won fcasily. :M:he weights were &t.; .each, and the' time 2min. j £l&sec.; bis said that Giengarty was after- ? wards sold, Aml will be brought to Mel boniae. Tfae Wyndbam stewards bad to decide; the liightatep case themselves, the V.R.C. having sent the case back to them. ' It should i nevet have beensent to the V.R.C. The stakes were .awarded to Ligbtatep. The Taamaniftncolt Silverton held apretfy ; largeM«e at Kirk's Basaar on the day of his arrival, and though some of the ^hypercri tical pronounced him a very dear a animal at fiOO iguineaa, the. .general opinion was tfcathe was an acquisition to the .colony.' "He'Is';not bring one, but- he is & rarershaped,vohe, -and I hope Mr. Wil liam Bailey maybavegood luck with him. Bisrnnning at the Taemanian meetings has i frpen tUsooonted byjthe aubsequent perform ance of Both well, who was next to him, for ^ *1 -fc&s; sin ce sbeen beaten easily by ant.1 atepxetensions.butnevertheleas, Jvertonis ajtood colt, and Mr. I have no cause to regret purchasing club meeting IMotmeeVsJIey. V.-? t a?he iJtM'^jDot ferfcettpf tm in Brinkman and Bugler seem to be the teat of tljera. For the \Veat liourke Handicap, | Devotion, Aclimet, and Brancluopoda loot best upon paper, and for the May Handicap 1 fancy Umbra, Prattler, and Derision. In the Hurdle llnce Encore. Whisperer, and Landshark may fill the places. Jhe Selling liace should be worth winning, as the added money is 100 aovs., and if Stafford be oue of the btartcrs he will win ; in his absence I should select Sorcerer or Success. Hie wind-up will be the Broadmeadows Handi cap, and Vascosa, Achinet, and Shark look like filling the places. _ Mr. Bond has put forth Ins June pro gramme, and, if the Richmond Handicap had been 200 sovs. instead of 100 so vs., it would have been all that could be desired L nder present conditions the winner will only re vive 90 sove., as 10 sovs. go ^e^cond horse, and there is no sweep. The firstitem is a Hurdle Race of 150 sovs., and second on the list is the Victoria Gold Cup value 100 sovs., a handicap steeplechase m which the competitors will have to be ridden by «^eT hers or honorarr members of the \ -A V.R.CL or M.H.C. The Ladies Trophy will be the' most interesting feature in the eyes of the fair sex. It is a handicap for horses of two years old aud upwards, and the nomi nator of the winning horse will receive a trophv value 100 aovs., the nominator of the second a trophy value 50 sovs., and of the third a trophy value 2o sovs. A Steeple chase of 200 suVB., and the Richmond Handi cap of 100 sovs. complete the list Intending: nominators for the Murrum bid~ee Turf Club meeting are reminded that the"entries close with the secretary, Mr. J. Hawkea, at 4 p.m. on Friday next, May 20. The full programme will bs found in our advertising columns. , That portion of the conditions of the Caul field Cup which imposed a penalty of 71b. upon the winner of " any race has been Attention is directed to the Tatura Turf Ciub programme, which appears this week. The chief race is the Tatura Handicap of 30 govs., and entries tor this and the Hardle Race and Town Plate close with the hon. j secretary, Mr. J. It Wootton, on Monday, In consequence of Sydney TattereaU smeet- < ing being fixed, for the 4th June, Mr. Cox has determined to alter the date of his Moonee Vallev June meeting to the 11th- i The committee of the Victorian trotting ; Club have agreed to allow the trotting match j between Mr. J. Leek's pony All Fours and Mr. B. Davis's Sydney pony Dolly to take place on the Elsternwick-park course on Saturday, May 2L , ! Mr. Haydon has requested me to state that all riders in the trot at the forthcoming ElsternwicU-park meeting will hare to be m proper jockey costume. I Mr. W. J. Disherhas invented what Eeema to be a very perfect system of drainaige for , training stables, and he invites owners and trainers to meet him at 2.30 p.m. on Monday next at Tilley's Victoria Hotel, when he will exhibit his plans. The following amounts were paid over in connection with the Bonrke Jockey Club meeting :-Mr. M. Ryan £265; Mr. J. Mona ghan, £117 10s.; Mr. M. ltobinaon, £115, Mr. J. Gorman, £110; Mr. P. Gilroy, £110; Mr .T. Uno, £105; Mr. C. Wheeler, £9o; Mr. W. Byron, £42 ; and Mr. M. Robertson, *20. The settling passed off satisfactorily, and the club will clear over £100. At the Yinnar races, held on the 28th April, the first and second horses in the iinnar Handicap, Little Frank and General, were disqualified by the stewards, on theallega-1 tion that the latter was palled opto allow toe former to win. The race was awarded to the third horse, Concord. The owners, Messrs. Scott and Shiel. denied the charge, their explanation being that the General went lame through stepping into a hole, and an appeal was made to the secretary of the V.R.C. i ne stewards were recommended to reconsider j the case, and did so at a special meeting held on Saturday night They then confirmed their former decision, and disqualified Mr. Scott for one month, and the owner of | General' for three months. The secretary disagreed, and resigned his office, the pro ceedings being animated. The owners pro-1 tested, and expressed their determination to, again appeal to the V.R.C. Considerable! local interest has been excited in the case, both the horses having ran well this season. It was unfortunate for Mr. Bradshaw, as well as those who attended the llichiield meeting, that the elements were not favour able to ontdoor sport on Thursday. A num ber of people went down to Mordialloc by the ordinary as well as the special team, and when the first detachment arrived the cab men modestly demanded 7s. Gd. to take each passenger to the course. " If they 11 change this to take us there, what will the return fare be?" communed the visitors, and many ! of them, not caring to face the rain, as well as a prospect ot having to walk back, wisely returned to town. When the special armed the rain was coming down as if it meant busi ness, and as the vehicles were not nearly sufficient to carry the crowd, a goodly number went over to the two hotels, enjoyed a capital luncheon, and came back to Melbourne. They were lucky, for those who did go to Richfield had a most miserable time, lbe road, which is good enough in Bunimer, was in a very bad state, and when Richfield was reached it was discovered that the arrange ments were of a most primitive character, the only shelter being the tents. All would have been well but for the rain, which seemed de termined to' spoil sport, and by pie tune the bell^a 'badly cracked one-summoned the jockeys for the first race the enclosure had been converted into a quagmire, the rood wine more than ankle- deep. Backers baa a long way ?the best of the bout with the lW'Wi for every favourite was successful,-though the public aeemed to think that Crown Brand beat Agatha in the Mordialloc Handicap. ior, when Mr. Wakley gave Ins deewfop, tbey treated him to * aemonstotion of a native character. ' Messrs. W. ^Leonard. ft Staith. andB. Miller,ias etewardB.djd their utmost to make things go smoothly- and^et the r&ces; off at the appointed time, ahd fined .«r. Bradshaw £5 tbrete times tor late scratcbings or Bomeottoer little shortcoming. The return journey will long be remembered by those who had to unaertake.it. : The cabmen Im posed acharge of half-a-soyereigni and as their vehicles were overcrow^®®, there were many stoppages by fce Way.^some o|the visitors at la&t; being compelled^ walk back to the Mordialloc station. ^ . I believe Hogmanay. Bohtemian, All Gold, Ringmaster, LO.U.,;Ben Bolt.^Sunshade, Fernandez, and Jionnle Doon, will all le&Te; for Sydney next week. m ?. _ -« Mr. J. D.Marke, a well-known member of the ring/ leaves next week for > to England. The Pencil oontinnea in the winning vein, lor on I number of horses. The lot includes Favo, I Bob Cooper, Alexandra. Berkeley, >Stng, atxi I other well-known performers. Full par ticulars will be found among the lute ad vertisements. Messrs. \V. C. Yuille and Co. will ship by the Flinders to-day Baron Neckar, Harridan, and Minnicoey, which have been purchased by Mr. A. P. Turnbull, of Western Australia. Mr. 12. Luttrell arrived from the country yesterday, aud brought with hira Sparkle and Flame, both of whom are engaged at Moonee Valley. Since he became possessed of the former he has won 21 races with him, and he tells me that, though he lias won several races with his mare Verbena, 6he has run second 23 times. Hallowe'en, full brother to Hogmanay, has joined J. Morrison's string at Fleuiingtou. 