SRgbts Thoughts. [G. P. XThdkrhiii* m TiaM.] Ik fcheeedays of dall reality, when we live aunoit too rapidly to have I ~^£&'l|mib Iort3iobgbt,and when noth ing bat what ta eminently practical to our notioe, it is but '.*■ seldom that we fed that sense of spmtt&Uatn; which inolden days was ' developed into magic and witchcraft, and which now we call by the more imposing name of psychology. Tet occasionally, in the stillness and obscurity of nighty there creeps apon as a sense of awe and admiration at the ^ iBiefinable grandeur of the works of zi&tbr;& "We forget for the moment all ; those theories of spectral illusions, acoustic illusions, and the' influence of gases and fluids, andinwardly ask onr selves thfc uiain question, whether, the •' Is capable of an existence separate ; .from that of the body, and, if so, whether it can appear to living men. . - bdpkenatdrax. an unscientific term. ; ' <3f all the phenomena which spring \- . from the existence of a spirit dwelling 1 in the body, of which existence there , op be nv doabt as to the truth, little l'j;ml^^hing i» known. People com • i" Qonly call these phenomena super-, natural, and are unwilling to mvesti , gate -them any farther forgetting that ^ihJr®Rty^^^jp«rn^ral is impossible, ^l^bethe laws of nature are inviolable, We call anythins, supernatural which fromouracanty knowledge of the laws of natnre weare unable to comprehend. Now, whateverroay be oar opinions in regard iiotbe future eternity of in ^4iyidaat existence, yet it i8 generally aliowedv&at; ij>e spirit retains its in ^^Htrfdcalit^for a certain time, varying in different cases, after the decay of the IKodfe^Hi it ^existsr therefore, why . should it not appear f We know that people have constantly either seen or fancied that they have seen, the spirits of the departed ; it Is impossible in tnanyinst&noes; to apply the theory of spectral illusions, so that we hare to r. -fall back on the belief that the spirit is "actually present—at all events, in most ^ T>f tftcbse instances where the. seer has . neyer known or ever heard of the Jtady vhich the spirit originally in habited. It is often said, and truly so, 'stories in relation to apparitions „..i^apfc to'become exaggerated in the recital; but there is a story which I, ' heard from the principal actor in it, .and which cannot be regarded as the resultof a spectral illusion, so in comprehensible, that I am tempted to briefly narrate it, only promising before hand that it shall suffer no exaggeration at jny„hands. It is a common saying that a ghost is aristocratic, and, like most common sayings, then appears to J J&£&>e> element of truth in - it. At all events, many of onr noblest families boast of the possession of a familiar1 spirit, which is supposed to appear on certain occasions, and for certain ends. APORTJSNT. An acquaintance of mine, Mr. P——, who has earned for himself a iHrorld-mde reputation as a scholar, and i who is a -man . devoid of the slightest suspicion of fanciful imagination, was ju: shie younger days private tutor to -tire detr of one of the oldest houses in the peerage. He and his pupil were in the constant habit of going out for country rides together. One day they were riding down a lane, on one side of which was a large field of some fitty ..a$ires in extent; there was no barn or hayrick, not even a tree, or any object in the field which could serve as a hid-, ing place to any person, but every part , iwift was everywhere visible. In the 4njd<Ue otittbey saw what appeared to be an old woman, who was crying as if .'•she were in great grief. Kindness j '.prdmptied them to ride into the field ?. tff*ee if tbey could relieve her distress in any way; but when they had \'jj^Ched the spot where they, bad seen their surprise she had utterly vanished. It was broad day light, and, as I have mid, there was no pi kbe where she could possibly be hiding, yet she had by some unaccountable. means disappeared. Natarally they vera ponded; bat supposed she most be ?. somewhereabout, and didnot wish to be 'disturbed in her sorrow; no idea of any thing mysterious occurred to either of them, oor^idthey for a moment dream of anything in the shape \af a spiritual visitation. Sotbey rode sway. That • eaine evening the pupil had a headache, and did not come down to dinner. My friend Mr. P , in the ordinary Mjjrseof conversation narrated the inHdent which had happened to them tearing their ride, when, to his amaze ment, the countess, the mother of his pupil, immediately screamed and fainted away. " During the Bcene of consterna — tioir which naturally ensued/one of the gentlemen turned round to my friend, and exclaimed, "Good gracious, P , do * you know what you've Bald 1" : Astounded at the question, Mr. P replied, "No; what do you mean¥' u Why, that old woman whom you saw « isalways supposed to appear to the heir \- t>f the family before death." Mr. " P said nothing, but thought the whole affair was an idle legend, in vented by the vulgar superstition of ' the Middle Ages, and to which no ; credence should be given. The young ' neir had never heard of the legend, \- and after j^is incident the greatest care wastaken thatit should not reach his . ear? ; nor, so my friend told me, did it ^'«ver; cope to his knowledge. Yet l within afewmontha he died. Now • Mr. P 'had never heard of this ' fonrily ghost orbanshoe, nor was there, \- any conoei vablereason forhiaitu fining whatifM-.^w/ *This case, "therefore, cannot be treated as an ordinary ballucWation; bat must, I think, be f , treated as ' the mysterious result of souie magnetic power. My'ownidea is, that the otganistns of my friend apd his pfapil were both susceptible to of. magnetic influence, ^4xplied by an individual spirit or being without a corporeal existent*. { MYSTERIOUS MENTAL PHENOMENA. De Quincey has bad the moral courage to tell the world of the moral effects that opiam had on his mind, while evetybody knows the green devils caused by the abuse of alcohol Not that I have the slightest Intention of insulting my readers by implying that they have any personjdaoqaaintanfte with these alcoholic apparitionsj I only mean to say that they probably have heard of them. Any medical man of experience . will, bear witness of the spectral illusions to which some of his patients have been liable, and also how often they hare been caused by inebri ating stimulants, which prevent the ordinary action of the brain, and en gender the taost startling fantasies and hightest flights of imagination. It was this fact that made Dr. Johnson say that if a man would write well he most > drink brandy. I presume the doctor! meant^that brandy gave to the author 4ntothe land of dreams. • Thereis avast [ phenomena for which we can discover no known cause, and for which, there fore, we have to find a purely theoreti cal explanation, and the phenomena caused by the ordinary laws of nature. Too much importance cannot be given to this difference, more especially since within the last few years spiritualism has become so confused with natural magic that men are sceptical as to tbe possible ejrifltenoeof disembodied spirits. Hie exhibitors of phenomena beyond the comprehension of the spectators assert that they receive aid from in viable sources; but, as their seances constitute their means of livelihood, they wisely refrain from publishing the details in regard to these invisible sources. The mere fact of« man say ing that he holds communion with a spirit, does not improve by one iota the position of psychological science, baton the contrary is apt to bring it into ridi cule as being a high-soanding name, by which imposture may be screened. In sane credulity, on the one hand, and arrogant incredulity on the other, cause our tninds to become lost in a whirl wind of doubt The various .stories, which we either regard with the horror of the vulgar or the disdain *of the sceptic, should be examined accurately, so that we might ascertain their exact relation to the state of the respective physical organs. It is the mystery in volved in a spiritual visitation which is the eanse of terror, not the actual spirit itself. If it were not for this mystery, we would convene with a ghost as calmly as with an ordinary fellow- crea tare, and apprehensions of the visionary could be readily quieted. In short, those sights which we now regard as marvellous and incomprehensible, would cease to excite oar terror when they as sumed the character of scientific phe i nomena. 