FICTION. From Euillili. tiiirrlrnii, in ii Oilier Perlnilleilli, THE LOST TARLING CHAPTER VIII. PURSUED. Some time, far into the night, there was a trembling knock at Penryhn Payson's chamber door, and then, before Pen, who had thrown him- self dressed as ho was on his bed, could speak, au impatient hand turned the latch, and his mother, looking like the ghost of herself by the light she carried, came swiftly forward to his bedside. "Penryhn," she said, in a ghastly whisper, stooping over him, and laying on his a hand so cold that it made him shiver, " I wish you would get up." " Why, mother ?" Pen exclaimed, rising to his elbow and surveying her with wondering eyes. Mrs. Payson. burst into tears. " I haven't been in bed this night," she sobbed, trembling with nervous excitement. " S unething is wrong in the house. Pen. I've been trying for two hours to get courage to run up to you. I want ] you to come up with me to Ina's room." The young man rose to his feet at once, and took the lamp from his mother's hand. " What has happened t" he asked, as he led the way. " I don't know," she whispered again. ' " Sqme one has been stirring all night, and I fanciedil heard steps about the house. Then there seemècV noises at the barn. I was too seared to come to} you." ',, Pen thought for a moment his mother had lost her reason? as he stopped in the hall and looked at her. Presently ho strode forward and knocked at Ina's door. There was no answer. He tried the door, opened it a little way, and said : " Ina, my mother is here. She is anxious about you." He turned to his mother in the silence that fol- lowed. " Go in," he said, sternly. . Then, unable to endure longer the harrowing doubt, as she shrank back, he flung the door wide, and stood within it, flashing the light over those sacred precincts, and upon his own set face, which grew gray as he looked, for the room was tenant less! '* I told you so," wailed Mrs. Payson, wringing her hand? and rushing wildly to and fro to look in all sorts of impossible places. " Told me what ?" demanded hor son, laying a heavy hand on her shoulder, and turning his darkening eyes on her shrinking face. " For Heaven's sake, mother, speak intelligibly if you can. There is nothing so wonderful in Ina's not being here. She may have gone to some of the neighbours. She is always doing rash things when she is angry, and you know we quarreled last night." Mrs. Payson suddenly stood still. "That is not it," she said in accents of con~ic tion. " I heard stops go down from here, and out through the Englishman's room." She fell back as she spoke, as though Pen had struck her ; such a look of horrified incredulity came into his face. The ne*t instant he had left her in darJ-'ness, and she heard him pounding on Haversham's door like a madman. Following as fast as her trembling limbs would let her, she found him with his shoulder against the door which was locked. It yielded with a crash before that desperate strength, and fell inward. Crossing the parlor he entered the sleeping-ioom beyond, which stood open. She knew by the groan that followed that no one was there. " Gone without a word !" he said in a stifled voice. " Oh, my girl, I did not think it of you !" ''Don't Pen, don't take on so," Mrs. Payson cried, piteously; "if she would go off this way with him, she's not worth your caring." " Brother," interrupted Pen sternly, " if you had come to me sooner much trouble might have been spared. Tell me now how long ago did you hear those steps if' And while he spoke he was moving toward the door. " You said something about two hours. Have they got two hours start of me ?" " Pen, Pen, you're not going to follow them. Mr. Haversham carried pistols ! Oh, my boy, wait till morning, at leabt." He put her from him with a stern hand, and held her so a moment, his hazel eyes flashing omniously. "Mother," he said, " every instant that I linger here is dishonor for both of us. She is my wife !" Mrs. Paysou's head dropped till her chin touched her bosom, and as she tottered feebly away from him, stricken with that last blow, she murmured, " Heaven forgive me, miserable sinner that I am " Pen left her so, and went out toward the stables. He was back again almost immediately. "The wretch has taken the horses," he said. " I shall borrow a horse and follow them on horse- back. He was hurrying away when Mrs. Payson stop- ped him. " Tell me when-when was it. my son ?" With a frowning brow ho told her. " It was two years ago last winter. I was mad with jealous fear of every man that came near her, and I got Phil Dawson to marry us. She thought it was all fun. She didn't know Phil had been ordained then, and I paid the county clerk well I for holding his tongue when I got the license." | " Heaven's mercy ! And she knows not that she is your wife ?" " No, Heaven forgive me, she does not know it I was such a coward I did not dare face her scorn.'' Pen guessed that Haversham would take the road toward the river instead of over the prairie, I for at that time the prairie was not dotted with habitations as it is now, and it required great j familial lty with it to keep from losing the nay. Having obtained a horse. Pen mounted audrode as though the Furies held his bridle rein. But it saoaied to him, in Ins mad impatience, as though the hoofs of his stood were we:ghted with lead. . Morning waa glinting over the bluffs as he carno in sight of the river. The landing was in tbo midst of the woods, and was merely a rude plat- form only occasionally used. He could see t!uoii<;h the trees the Weston boat just roiindiug up to it. Two persons stood there waiting for the boat. They were Haversham and Ina. Pen's horses, still attached to the buggy, had been turned loo=!e. and trotted leisurely past their ?master without his looking at them. His eyes were fastened on the pair ahead, Haversham with his arm partially encircling Ina, who seemed to lean heavily upon him. The sight made Pen shiver with jealous rage. They were in a hurry on the boat ; they always aro. The plank was out as they touched, and Haversham, catching a glimpse of his pursuer over his shoulder, swept his shrinking companion on board as Pen dashed up. As Pen sprang from his horse, Haversham, with his own white hands, caught at the ropes and helped to draw in the plank, the men assisting him with a will in their sympathetic admiration for Ina's beautiful, pale face. *' I want to come on board !" shouted Pen, at the top of his voice, as the boat moved off ; but Haversham said something to the captain, and no notice was taken of. him. The boat swept round, heading for the channel, and the Englishman and his companion, pausing on tlie second deck near the stern on his way to the saloon, was borne so near the wretched man on shore that for an instaut Pen stood face to foco with Ina. Her veil was down, and though bo near, she gav« no sign that sho was even conscious of his presence. A cold sneer curved like a snake across Haver sham's lips, as he drew her within, but Pen did not see it, as he staggered away among the trees and fell upon his knees, with a cry that was mingled with agony and prayer. *' Heaven help mo !" Hark ! What was that P A boat's whistle ? Were they coming back ? He leaped to his feet and ran to see. A boat was in sight, but it was not, he saw at a glance, the one which had just left the landing. It was heading the same way, for We3ton, and suddenly ho re- membered that a new line of boats was to begin running about this time. He signalled her frantically ; she rounded to and took him on board. Tho horse Pen had ridden had been left untied. The animal viewed this proceeding with equine dignity, gave an expressive snort or two, and Ltrotted leisurely away. V Pen's horses, with the buggy, were secured and returned to th<"ir own stable by a, farmer who knew them. The other horse was ultimately recovered from a remote portion of the country. The captain of the boat Pen was on proved to be an old acquaintance, and, in a sudden impulsive outburst of feeliug, the miserable fellow told him the whole story. Captain Blane was a full-blooded Yankee. It was one of his boasts that Iiíb grandfather had boen at that famous tea spoiling at Boston Harbour. It enraged him to think that an*En¡flishman had so treacherously wronged his friend. He was all excitement in a moment, and long before the story was done he had yelled the order to put on more steam ' " We'll ex- Mm," he said, with a sonorous laugh that wenf straight to Pen's aching heart; "we'll overhaul 'em or burst our boiler, old fellow." And he kept his word, without any great risk,, either. The new line boat had been built with especial reference to speed. " I'd not show myself if I were you," he said, as the forward boat hove in sight, '* let them think you are not on board, and you can take them off their guard as they land. Wo shall pass them pretty soon now, you'll have plenty of time to take j out a warrant for him before they get to Weston. I calculate they'll be about an hour and a half behind us." "A warrant?" echoed Pen, doubtfully, as he followed the captain below ; " I don't know about that. I should like to spare my poor girl all thß pain I could, Heaven knows. I have been enough to blamo already." " Exactly. But arrest your Englishman for horsestealing, don't you see ?" Pen smiled faintly. " I might do that, but I haven't any proof unless Ina is willing to testify." " Humph, you don't want any proof to arrest him. Only take him away with your warrant, and you can settle with the girl at your leisure, with- out him around to bother." And the captain poked Pen cheerfully in the ribs, and indulged in one of his resounding laughs over the joke which he pro- posed to play on the Englishman. " I think you are right, captain," Pen said, with a half defiant toss of his handsome head. " It does not seem exactly the thing, but I think I'll do it." He was watching from behind the saloon curtain as they steamed past the old line boat, and the ache of his head got a negative sort of comfort from seeing Haversham smoking on the upper deck, alone. Ina was not in sight. Captain Blane arrived ia Weston in ample time to enable Pen to get his warrant and put it in the hands of the proper officer. The three were waiting in a close carriage as the old line boat came puffing and blowing up to the landing, and as Haversham came off her, half-sup- porting, half carrying Ina, who looked like the ghost of her sweet self, Pen pointed him out to the constable. It was worth something, after all the bitterness of that doy, to see Haversham's face of helpless rage and dismay, as that arrest was made. For abrief instant, Haversham thought of resist- ance, then he cast his angry eyes over the crowd for some one to take charge of the pale and half fainting girl upon his arm. Peri, his face white, and his eyes glittering with excitemejht,' had come close beside the pair, and the Englishman had not seen him. As Ina, worn with ht-art-ache and agitation, and totally overcomn with the fright of this new shock, drooped and swooned away, it was Pen whose half-frantic hands tore her from Haversham's encircling arm, and straining her close, regardless of his rage and threats, hurried her away to the waiting carriage. Haversham made one desperate effort to follow ; but the constable was a powerful man, and the crowd, among which a rumour of the truth had arisen, swayed between him and the carriage. While he struggled, the carriage drove swiftly away, and was soon lost to view. There are two crimes which a Western crowd holds in peculiar detestation. They are the two of j which thisiatistocratic- looking Englishman was sus- j pected-wife-stealing and horse-stealing. Murder will scarcely so fire their hot, impetuous blood. j The constable caught darklglances fixed on his prisoner, and heard threatening words from the crowd. Ho turned to Haversham. *' If you value your life, sir, you will come with me without morcado," ho said, in a low voice. Havorsham, his face darkening with a sudden fear, for he had heard of Judge Lynch, suffered himself to be conducted to a carriage, which the officer took for safety, his prisoner paying for tho same, however. Very shortly Felix Haversliam found himself en- joying a luxury new to him- that of dwelling, free of expense, in the county jail. His examination could not take place till the following morning. (To be continued.) 