'Nancy.' (Br ' Stdnkt Wynne.') 'TOWS UKD COtTKTBT JOUBNAL' PEIiE STOBT OOkflflTIOff. I was Stationed as sergeant of the police at £ ? , a small town in the northern district of New South Wales, ill 1856. It was a sleepy little place, and I had very little to do. Almost the only excitement was the coach, which came in at about 9 o'clock every night in the week, and left an hour later. The road on from X ? was one oi the Worst bits on the line ; but the driver was the best whip I ever saw. It was a pleasure to Bee him handle the reins s he had such command over his horses. Very often only half-broken brumbies. He had not been driving that stage long ; and no one knew anything about him. He was a Very quiet man, and never made friends with anyone. A great powerful-looking fellorf, but very ugjy ; he lived in a little hut by him self, and onlyb*me to the inn in lime to take his eeat on the oo£«h, and; went home directly hie duties were over. Tom he was called, and no one knew what his surname was, or even whether Tom was his right name. There were a good many people travelling that line then, and the coach, never left without three or four passengers at least. But one night it happened that, though three came in, when Tom drove round to the door and oalled * All aboard !* the landlord came out and told him there was no one going on. * Why,' eaid Tom, ' Mr. Brown and his son are corning on.' * No, they're not/ replied the land lord. ' The boy is very tired, and Mr. Brown says he'll wait till next trip.' ' Not one passenger !' said Tom, and a scared look came over his face. 'Well* I suppose I must go. Goodbye, old chapB.' Ana he gathered up the reins and trotted away. It was a lovely moonlight ; and I watched him for some distance, and then turned into the inn parlor to have a yarn with the landlord and his wife, who remarked that Tom was unusuallj sweet that evening. As a rule he never troubled himself to say goodnight to anyone. I had been away for a week or two. So we sat a good hour over the fire talking, till Smart, the land lord, remarked that it was getting late. I looked at my watch. It was just 12. I stood up to say goodnight, when we heard a great clattering of horses galloping down the street. The yard gate was open, and they turned in therej. We ran out to see what it was, and found the leaders of the coach with broken harness hanging about them, standing at the stable door shaking all over, and covered with sweat. ' By Heaven 1' exclaimed Smart, ' there has been a smash, I wonder where Tom is f We saddled two horses as quickly as possible, and rode along about seven miles, and found the coach about fifty yards off the road, gammed between two trees, with the wheelers still attached to it ; and close by the road we found Tom lying quite dead. His. hands were at hiB throat, clenched each side, as if he had tried to pull away something, and hs had the appearance of a man who had died choked, but there were no marks of violence en his neck. Where he had fallen was a bed of sand left by a flood some months before ; and there were only the marks of the coachwheels and horses' feet. So it did not look as if he had been murdered. We managed, after a great deal of trouble, to free the horses and get out the coach. Then we put poor Tom's body in the coach, and drove back to the town } the horses going quietly enough. They had got over their fright, what ever caused it. The news of- the smash had spread; and on our way back we met several coming to Bee what was the matter. And many were the conjectures as to how it could have happened. Tom Was a careful driver; and the horses were not at all rowdy. Next day there was an inquiry ; but nothing farther came oat. Smart and myself were the only witnesses; and a verdict of accidental death was returned. I took possession of Tom's belongings, but did not find any chte as to his real name. But I did find the following diary, if I may bo call it. Knowing that lmdriTipr it public could benefit no one, And I might be laughed at for believing it, I said nothing about it, and now publish it for the first time. As so many years have elapsed since the accident, few, if any, will remember anything about it : — T0M*8 DIA&Y.; Why Was he always talking about her, and how happy they would be when they were married ? Every evening when we had had supper and lay stretched out os the grass in front of our tent all he could talk e- was 'Nancy, Nancy/ and count the days till n£ could see her again. And he would describe over and over the farm he meant to buy when he went back to the Hunter. I had no Nancy. No woman had ever cared the least for me, except my poor old mother ; and it was years since I had left her In England, think ing to make my fortune in a month or two. I was not the kind of man to win any woman's love. I was too ugly and uncouth, while Cobb, with his laughing blue eyes, and pleasant ways, was a favorite wherever he went. We had been mates now for some months at the Bock gold diggings, and lately had been doing very well, had sent down over £700 each, and were still on a good 'patch/ Cobb said as soon as he had £1000 he was going to clear out, and buy the farm he was always fetHritig about, and he and Nancy would get married. I was sick of 'Nancy' ; and though I had liked Cobb better than any mate I ever had before, I often longed for the day when he would have his £1000, and go. We were very lucky; and it was not long before one evening we counted our money, and found we had a little over £1000 each. He was in wild spirits, and said he would start down in two days ; he had made a good many friends on the field, and would not like to go away without bidding them goodbye. He said I was welcome to all I might still get out of the claim — he had enough for Nancy and himself. Always 'Nancy.' I was sick of her name, and hated her without ever having seen her. Next day he went round saying goodbye ; and nothing would do but I must go too. Everyone was sorry to hear he was going, and used to pity me, saying how t would miss him. Little they knew how I was looking forward to his departure! For I felt the devil creeping up to me every night, say ing, * Kill him ! kul him ! stop that eternal Nancy somehow 1* 'Even in his sleep he used sometimes to talk of her, and I used to feel as if the devil was putting my fingers round his throat, and shutting them tight— tight. |We sent all our gold down by the escort that day, and he was going to start early next morning, walking to X — — - where he expected to join the coach. He talked of Nancy more than ever that night, while he was putting together the few things he meant to take with him. He read out passages from her letters, bits that I knew by heart already, while I sat looking at the fire, afraid to meet his eyes, for fear he might see the devil shining in mine, and wondered he did not hear him saying, ' Kill him ! kill him 1' Why should he have a sweetheart, and I have none P At last he went to bed, and I sat on at the tent door looking at the fire. I suppose he thought I was so quiet because he was going away. Little he knew the company I had. He slept on quietly, and I sat with my back to his bunk. I dared not look at him, for I knew I would not be able to keep my fingers from hiB throat. If only I could get out of the tent. But I .could not. I was chained to xny seat. Let him just once begin to talk of Nancy, and I would not be answerable for my actions. I looked down at my hands. How strong' and sinewy they were, though they were so ugly, all freckled, and covered with red hair. I clenched my fingers, and imagined I felt his fair, round neck between them. How easily I could do it. I turned and looked at him. There he lay with his head slightly thrown back, and his throat bo temptingly exposed. I rose, and crept toward him. 'Do it now,* said the deviL I crept on. His lips moved. He turned restlessly, and murmured 'Nancy.' It was the. last word he ever spoke i with one .bound I xna on him. lay knee ma on his ohest, my hands round his throat. He gave a straggle, and opened his eyas. But I was strong. His good looks did not save him now. I tightened my grip till his blue- eyes nearly started ont of his hefcd. Hal flal -3*fettfc would Nancy «j bow if si» atxr fee* wmd-_ some lover P I kept my fingers tight till they ached ; and when I took them away he never moved. I fetood and looked at him. £ was not a bit sorry for what I had done. My only thought was what to do -with him now. I remembered there was an old shaft with water at the bottom about 100 yards away. I got a sugar bag, filled it full of stones, and tied it with strong cord round his body. I fastened his valise to him, too ; it Would never do to leave that about. There were some lights still to be seen in the tents, and though there were none nearer than 200 yards, and those in a different direction from the old shaft, I thought it safer to wait till all was quiet. So I sat in my tent door, and waited till, one by one, all the fights went out, and the voices were silent. Then I took him up (he was not a big man, and £ was over 6 feet, and very strong), carried him to the old shaft, and dropped him down. I leant over and listened. Silence for a moment, then a heavy splash, and I knew I should hear no more of Nancy. Next day several men came to where I was working. They all had something to say about Cobb, and sympathised with me for losing him for a mate. 1 said ' Yes, 1 should miss him very much. He had startec very early, as he wanted to get over the first 20 miles that day, not being sure of his way, and it was a lonely road. I hoped he would not get lost ; but he was in such a hurry to get down, he would not wait till someone else was going/ And all the time I seemed to hear the splash he made as he fell into the water. I did not do very well after, that. The claim seemed worked out. 1 worked every day for a week without getting even the color of gold. I was getting sick of it, and determined to cleat out, and take to my old trade of coach-driving. The company knew me well, and told me they would always take me on if they had a vacancy. I had sent half my gold to my old mother in England, the only woman who had ever cared if I Was alive or dead. I went down to the public house one night, and sold my chum for a few pounds, telling them I was off the next day. They kept me yarning pretty late. It was near 11 by the time I started back to my tent. There was'a faint moon, and as I came near I thought I saw someone standing at the door. I walked quickly up, thinking it was someone come to see what they could steal. But the figure stood still till I was quite near, and then I saw it was Cobb, just as be looked when I choked him, with his hands up to his throat. I turned and fled ; nor did I venture back all night. It was not till the sun rose that I returned, and even then half expected to see him still there. But there was no one- 1 hastily gathered together a few things, and left. I walked 30 miles that day, and put up at a public house. I felt as if I must have company, for I had an idea I should not see Cobb if I was not alone. I sat in the bar that night till nearly 12, but never saw anything. So I went to bed; and, being dead tired, U Boon fell Asleep. An idea came into my head that I would go and see Nancy, just to ascertain what the girl who fascinated Cobb was like. So I made my way down to the town where her father was post master ; and, by dint of calling every day for a letter which I knew could not be there, I managed at last to scrape sufficient acquaintance with him to be asked to come in and drink a glass with him. And so at hist I saw Nancy, the indirect cause of my crime. I did not wonder then at Cobb'fi infatuation. A sweeter face I had never seen. I daresay you can guess what is coming, I, who had never known what it was to feel the least tenderness for any woman, who had always Baid that love was only for fools and old men ; I, too, fell in love 1 I haunted the house. Every evening on one pretext or another I spent there. But Nancy never took any more notice of me than if I was not there. I always took care to leave early, so as to be back at my inn before 11. At last one evening I happened to mention I had been at the Bock diggings, and Nancy's father asked me whether I had known Cobb. I replied I had, but he had left before I had, having made his pile, and I had heard nothing of him since.' ' That's strange/ said the postmaster. ' I hope nothing has happened to him. I thought he would be sure to come here first/ with a meaning glance at Nancy, who said nothing. - ^ ' He spoke of going to England when he left the diggings/ I said. * I have heard nothing of him since.' . 'I do not think he would go without coming to see us first/ said the father. ' What do you say, Nancy ? I am afraid something must have hap pened to him.' 'I do not think so, father/ replied Nancy. *I am Bure he will come back again.' I said nothing, but thought of the old shaft. It was later than usual when I left the post-office that evening1. As I walked home I was thinking of Nancy, and made up my mind I would try my luck next time I was alone with her; not that I had any hope of her ever loving me. Living, I had hated Cobb, because of her; and of what avail was it that I had killed him? I could not tell her he was dead ! I walked rapidly through the almost deserted street, till I came near my inn. There was a tall tree near the verandah, and I saw someone stand ing by it. But I did not take any notice of him till I came near. Then I looked up; and it was Cobb, with his hands up to his throat, just as X had seen him before. I stood paralysed for a moment. Then I rushed into the bar and sat down. 'Why, you look as if you had seen a ghost 1 ' said the landlord. * Have some brandy/ I took it mechanically, and asked what tune it was. ' Just on the stroke of 11/ he replied. The very hour I had seen him before, and the only time I had been alone at that hour since the night after I killed him. So it was plain I should only see him when alone at that hour. I went to see Nancy next day, and told her I loved her ; but, as I had expected, she said she was engaged to Cobb, and never would care for anyone else. I knew that it was no use before I. went, but I could not help it. I left the house almost sorry that I Mlled Cobb, and rained her young life, for I was sure she meant what ehe said, that she would never care for anyone else. ' I went straight to the coach office, and as they were short of drivers just then they were very glad to take me on, but I stipulated to be put on a night stage, to start at 10 p.m. on a busy line ; so that I should not be alone at 11. I have been driving now for nearly a year, and have never had less than two passengers, and have not seen Cobb since. I wonder would he appear if I was alone ? I do not intend to try the ex periment if I can help it. Sometimes I have a presentiment I shall die as I killed him. Pbick of Applep rs Iiondon.— We have »? oeived (said the Hobart Mbkcuby) some partionlan of a trial consignment of apples to London whiah throw mnoh light on the vexed question of prices. A grower sent twenty cases of apples in the Orient as ordinary cargo, and not in fixe cold chamber. On their arrival in London seven oust wan condensed as rotten ; and yet the lender got at much or more for the remainder m bo would hare obtained for the whole, consignment in Hobatt. Fox the thirteen oasei he reoeived £9 15s in England. The expanses charged there amounted to 19a '9d, and the total freight to £4; bo Oat he reoeived net £4 1& 3d. Hi* estimate- is that for the twenty cases ho would have received .£4 9s in Hobart. Nitbjltb of Soda.— Thus a New York paper : The great value of nitrate of soda, a material oulti yatora are only beginning to leant the value of, ia to hasten the growth of plants early in the season; and for this purpose it has no equal, Tubnips. — Twelve turnips have been shown at AjBhbnrton, Canterbury, N.Jfi., weighing in the agsre* gate 2051b. WoOi BATE8 OH TES VlCTOBIAN BAHiWATB.— The railway oonunissionerB have issued a bylaw fixing the charges and regulations for the carriage of wool over the Victorian lUihrayt. A apeotal Boate of rates is provided for wool from stations on tin* Ararat, Portland, and Caatetton tines, and for blips east -via JBohno*. for any station on the Edwards Hirer between Deniltqtun«.nd WakoolJunotlon, or far any atation on the Darling or HnmuabidfM &*en or their tributari**.. The »t*ifix«4 for wool gent from within the *onthern portion* of New Sooth Walt*, via the bordw jftUwar riattpna, to Jig. toume, are also punished, Sties ore? 4owt In weight will b» ohftrwa .u pu oent.»4altao»»l m «^ rate foraiowt bale jtw mfmtremiesyviimU m owfc in axjX-i*- '??? '' '- '? 