HE SHEET HILL GHOST. By Thoms Harrison. Thirty-three years tinca tibe great octopns London had not stretched ¡ts Briarian-liie tentacles BO far in to the country as at the prê- tant day. Woolwich, Eltham, and Sydenham vera itu! outlying and detached towns, while io toma of the villages in Mid-Kent, if not traversed by a main road, agriculturists might fae found of whom " the Northern Farmer " ia . type, and, as in the raining districts, a étranger might be greeted with a brick-bat if chancing to itroll through the precincts of the locality. Baüways wera not then con- structed, an ordinary Btaga coach was then seen. The school-master waa abroad in a sense somewhat different from tost intended by the late Lord Henry Brougham. The ordi- nary books in a farmers library conai&ted; of th«Bible, prayer book, it may be "Buns' Justice:' and probably the " Church-warden's Guide." The arena for discussion was re- stricted to the bar-room of the local ale-house, and "the only real intellectual instruction im- parted to the multitude was the sermon of the curate ox vicar on each recurring Sunday running. The mind, therefore, evidently re- mained in that uncultivated state which, ac oordingto Macaulay, is eminently suited forthe development of the imagination. The boy who whistled at thc plough found himself untram- melled by science, and might have budded aa a Bnzns oz a Hamer, had he only been in pos- session of the brains. Fairies were believed te have veritably danced ont the grce* rings met with in pastores, there were dryads-only that waa not the name given to them-in the woods, nadies in the brooks, and sylphes who floated in the moonlight There were old ladies who charmed away warts, and who ex extracted thoms by uttering cabahstio syl- , Iables. Once a year, in the bopping season, the gypsies told futures, and were implicitly believed by the rustic listeners. Myownsge is bot little over the half of a century, yet I remember a nant after a Witch, with properly trained hotrods, and a stalwart yoong farmer bearing a double-barrelled f owling piece as the leader. The reputed dabbler in the black art waa spoken of as having been shot at, and hit too, not in ber haman form, as may be sup- posed, but, while figuring as a black eat and prowling about in the gloaming. She was not killed, bot, to the surprise of everybody «merged from her dcor on hearing the report of the gan, and soundly rated the sportsman in search of demonical game for maiming her favorite mouser. Tha latter fact came to be quoted aa proof positive of her guilt. "She bad simply stepped into tba house," it was said," andhadreaasumedher ordinary figure, whila the marksman, whose aim had failed to prove fatal, attributed his mishap to the un answerabla fact that he had loaded with lead only, and not with silver, so to guard against similar misen an ces he daily ont np a five shil- ling piece into small slugs, vowing vengeance against the weird sisterhood who bad sent a nurrain on bis cattle and brought a blight opon ina " tarrants." I never rightly learned why the old buy in question had come to be inspected, save that abe scrupulously paid her debts-" why should she not do so, she had the devil's money to do it with"-thus her botter always came quickly, and that her hens always laid, that ber garden was nicely kept, and her honse appeared as a paragon of neatness, that abe wore a red cloak-which some ultra dis- ientas associa tad with the scarlet woman of the apocalyptic, that she preferred an outre kind of bonnet, similar to those donned by the Hallelujah, Tia osee of the Salvation Army, and known, I betievejnow, in fashionable circles, as a "poke"-the person named was evidently before the age and living at present might have been deemed to dress a l* mode, and that she had a perceptible limp attributed to tba diots sinking her, in the little episode alluded to, but really caused by palsy ia one of ber legs. There wera haunted houses too in the neighborhood galore. Anne Boleyn worked needles in her father's castle not roany miles away. There were rooms in a goodly number of old mansion«, which no one dared to open, and, in which, an egress having been effected, no mortal being could repose. A man who went to bed perfectly sober, bad awoke in the morning closely wrapped np in sheets and coverlet, and horses were found with the hair of their manes and taila mtricaiely plaited together, to the sore disgust of grooms and I stablemen. Tba chief wonder and dread ot the parti* euler village to which I am aUuding, however, waa an almost abandoned highway ; tor eon. venienee it may be termed Campm-Iane, It underwent many changes of 'appearance daring its lonely coane of about two miles, bot no houses, not even a hot flankad either side. When emerging from the mam thorough tare its aspect seemed even pretty, bordered, as it was, with sweetbrier, bramble?, hop-gar- dens, cornfields, and copses of light joderwood, through gaps in which, glimpses of the son iïlominated Northern downs coola be seen. In one spot Campin-lane afforded a view that might be described as actually delightful. The roadway ran along the top of the alone ota deep valley, the opposite side being with maple, beech; - and sycamroe. When the I Antonin facto bad discolored foliage presented all the varied hoes ot tba ! rainbow, and was a sight opon which even a wanderer in an American forest might have viewed with admiration. The spot however, had a bad name. After night-fall there was an echo there. "The spirit of the wood ara abroad there," said the rustics, and they shunned the place accordingly. A little fur- ther on, and there was a cross way, whereat, in bygone times, a soicide had been buried. A stake had been run through the body, and failing to grow, proof, positive had been afforded of the dead man's doom in the other world, an opinion confirmed by the dream stance that the defunct had been seen re- peatedly in spirit, with water pot in band irrigating the earth. From this place the same lane came tobe held, still more in disrepute. It took a sharp torn and then descended in a steep decline with high rocks on one side, and cn the other overhanging ash and elm. In the broad day it was sombre, in the night readers of Bunyan likened it to the. valley ot the shadow ot death. If ghosts and spirits roamed freely in tho neighbourhood, Sheet HOI, as it waa termed, stemed in every way suited for a place whereat they might hold solemn conclave, and so people generally believed they did, A spectre taking the'form of a fat calf, or a skeleton stud, ridden by a stoat yeoman, the conditions of the main incidents in Unlands" ballad were reversed. A coach and four, a man without head, end a man furnished with horns, the latter was the most dreaded- had all accosted belated travellers in this gloomy delL Al the population avoided Sheet HUI as may be supposed. Old Jan, too, an old soldier who having been ia the forlorn hope at Badajoz, was reported to be afraid of neither man nor devil, and who always braved any dangerous expedition supposing only that the road tenmncted in a SHOE: room with a glass of grog on the table. Old Evans aa he was named,' seid the reason of his carelessness about ghosts wna that if he ever stood face to face with old Nick he would not be likely to see anything worse than himself, the spinsters o! the place said they thoroughly believed the speaker. A discrédit as to Hob- goblins was as great a sohieui among those residing at Little Erighthom, as would have been a weakness to the Athanasian creed ora, denial of the truth cf the Pentatoch; Zion bis Satanic majesty being held in such terror as to render it blasphemy to take his name in vain. The other wayfarer by such a thoroughfare waa moved to traverse it from altogether difíarent notions to those tempting the fore- going. He was simply in love. He bad wooed and won a lady reputed to have a fortune of ten thousand pounds. He lived at one etd of the laue and she at the other, and there happened to ba no other wayo! visiting tho loved ono save by resorting to the road in question. Even so tempted the journey was seldom ventured opon alone. Old Evans was always ready to accompany his master on condition that he obtained the grog. The longer ha happened to be detained the better since he was always allotted a doable amount on such occasions. It happened one night however that the expected companion failed to appear. Bobert Harper, the lover had purchased a sleek steed for his intended and bad sent Evans to bring the accompanying accoutrements from an adjacent town. Ten o'clock, eleven, and at last twelve and there waa no arrival. All the horrors of the lane even the darkness of Sheet Hill mast be braved alone, for he dared not whisper aught of his trepedation to a lady's ear. Heavy at heart, and trembling in body, therefore, he set ant for home unac- companied. He hammed a tone defiantly as he passed the sweet-briars, brambles and hawthorns. He felt somewhat relieved on arriving at the cleared spaces, gaining some- thing of confidence as the deep valley opened before him. It happened to ba bright moon- light and the prospect softened down hythe dim Rumination would have had a charm for a poet, bad Bobert been of that ilk. Then soddenly he heard a load whistle right before bim. He started a little at the so and of this, bat not so mach BS when jost afterwards he heard a whistle jost behind bim. One fear drove away another. These signals most have came from highwaymen, and Bobert had a valuable bracelet and wed- ding ring in his pocket. He was swift of foot, and might easily escape this new danger he thought, and speedily took to his heels. He ran so fast, and was so overeóme with thia last terror that he passed the cross roads without ever once thinking of the roaming spirit of the suicide who, according to re pate, visited the place to irrigate the bumed stake. But there was Sheet HOI yet before him. At the top of the ascent he paused. Essayed to enter the darkness repeatedly, bot each time drew back. It was too late at night to expect to meet a neighbour, sines there was no noghbour, perhaps, in all the country aro and, who was not quite as mach afraid cf the spectres ot Sheet HiU as was Harper him- self. The passage, however, must be attempted. Should he ran or should he walk. Should he keep his eyes open or shat them closely ? Hs resolved to ran, and to temporarily bli^d him- self. Ghosts are shadowy, and the only thing dreadful about them is their appearance. So boys at school cover their heads with the bed- clothes and think themselves safe. Ghosts never pinch the toes. No one had ever re- ported to have felt, or been attached hy super- natural poigrinators, and, therefore, with the sense o! sight inaction, nothing surely need ba dreaded, Bobert, fortified in this way ran on with all his might. Suddenly his flight waa brought to an end. He had come into collision with something solid, and instinctively opened bis eyes. There happened to be a gap in the trees jost thereabouts, and tba first thing confronting the fugitive was the apparition of the man with horns, standing strongly illuminated by the rays of the foll moon, while all around seemed darkness visible. The figure seemed a terrible one. Not only waa it homed, bot headless, the borna rising ont of the shoulders, while, with borna included, tba apparition stood sis feet in height. No wonder the Btricken men quaked with bar. No wonder his tongue grew parched, and that ha could not speak, and that hts limbs became paralysed, ron dering rum im- potent to fly. All he did was to gaze, and with open month to tremble. Probably he would have stayed in thia position nntfl morn- ing, or until, like the gaea a in the Arabian tale, he tamed to stoae. He was petrified already, and would have remained so only that a loud laugh fell upon his eau. I wish you'd leek to aee where yon are com- ing to said the voice of old Evans. I've lost my grog to-night waiting at the harness maker's for the things yon sent me for, and now you've broken my pipe. It was the usual guide then after all, who, in order to carry it more conveniently, bad pot a new side-saddle on his head, henea the terrible spectre. " Did yon whistle jost now," asked Bobert. " Yes, I thought I would let yon know I was near at hand. I felt sore yon would ba afraid of the bil!." And the echo sent back the sound as I never beard it before. Bobert Harper was married in a week, and bad never subsequently ran the risk of eon* fronting spiritual dangers on Sheer Hui after nightfall. The barbers were once professional blood-letters. They still give occasional reminiscences of their old business. " Bid . I : cos you, sir V 