Chapter XXVI.—Opening bib Eves. i» Him ucica was pacing we cj^reoa wo is in the long August afternoon, Valentine was at York, where the summer meeting was in foil swing. Interest as well as pleasure had led him lo the northern city. He was not, aahis mother had been told, a partner in the St. Austell and Beeching stable, but his interests were deeply involved in theh successes, and he had mixed himself up in their turf speculations in a manner which might result in a great eonp or a great disaster. One of their horeeB was entered for the Great Ebor, and stood pretty high in the betting ; another ran in a smaller race, and there were three of the stod entered foi telling stakes. Valentine bad backed Postcard rathei heavily for the Great Ebor, and he knew that Beeehing and St. Austell had both laid their money pretty freely, and that both be lieved in the horse. To Beeching, losing 01 winning was e matter of very little conse quence ; but like most millionaires he wai veryictent upon miking bis stable pay, and was very savage when the luck went sgaioil him. St. Austell was by no means rich, and to him Postcard’s snoceti must be a mattei of considerable importanoe. The valne of tbi bone would be qcsdrupUd if he won thii great rtoe, to lay nothing of hie owner'i Tinder these circumstances, Mr. Belficld was eurpriced at not finding St. Austell at King’s Cross when he arrived on tho plat form just in time for tbc special. It had been arranged a week before that be, Beech teg, end St. Anstell were to travel together bj this train, which left London at eight in tbi morning on the first dsy ot the races, and were to occupy a suite of rooms together al the hotel till the meetiDg was over. Mr Beeehing bad charged bimeelf—or bad beet charged—with tbe duty of engaging tbi rooms, and of leenring a coupe tor thi journey. _ Mr. Beeching was on the platform, witt his valet in attendance upon him. The covpt was engaged, and a picnic basket, oonlainu>{ a Strasbonrg pie. a chicken, and a ooupleol bottlea ot G. H. Mumm’s extra dry, wai it tbe rack ; bat there was no St. Anstell. •What does that fellow mean by beinf behind lime V asked Valentine, when be and Beeching had taken their eeats, and thi doore were being clapped to, ell along the lint of carnages. ‘ St. Austell 1 He’s not eoming.’ * Not coming ! Not to tee Postcard win the Great Ebor I’ ‘ No. He's chocked up tbc stable.' ’ Ctmoked up tbe stable 1’ ’ Yet, answered Beeching, coolly. * Yon see be owed me a hatful of money one way and another, and the other night he and ] had a general sqoare up, which resulted in my taking abaal seven shillings in thepoand all round. He surrendered bis interest in Postcard, and the rest of tbe stud, and I gave him bsck bis I.O.U.'s. He ia going to Indie next week.’ ‘ Why India.’ ‘ Lunge. Can't etand a European winter. Hit doctors advise him lo try Ceylon or India. He is keen npon a grand eastern tonr, and he's off to Venice next week on his way east ward. He’ll potter abcoi in Northern Italy, perhaps, for a month or so, and then put himself on board a P. and 0.’ ’Queer,’ said Valentine. ' He never told me anything was wroog with hia lnngt, though he looks rather sickly at the best of * We can't all be gladiators like yoo, Bel | field. I don't think St. Austell knew there was anything radically wrong till he went to Sir William dinner a little while ago and had himself overhauled. Bat he has been laid np more or leas every winter for the last three or four yean, and he hae lived pretty fait, as you know. I shoo Id think India would be a espital move for bim.' ‘ Perhaps,’ assented Valentine, pondering deeply, with bent brows. On the Knsveamire all their acquaintances were surprised at St. Austell's absence, and Mr. Beeching bad to give she same explana tion to a good meuy people. Mr. Belfield was irritated by this iteration. * Dense take the fellow, whst a lot of tronble be has given in,' he said angrily; ' He ought to have come to Bee tbe horse’s performance, although be had psrted with bis interest in him. He has got a good deal of money on the race, anyhow.’ Tbe great day and the great race oame. The Enasesmire was a scene of life and movement, ot vivid colour and oeasalesa ani mation, a eoene of coivereil gladness, one would suppose, taking the picture as a whole. But In detail there was a good deal of dia appointment. It was only the disinterested lookers-on, the frivolous people who go to rmee meetings to eat and drink and stare about them in the sunshine, tha clodhoppers and bumpkins, who stand beaids the rails and gaze al the scene as at the figares in a kaleidosoope—it is only for these that there ! is no bitter in the cup of pleasure, no fly in tbe ointment. Pceteard, after a msgnlfioent lead, which I elated all hie backers, shot op—in Mr. Bsl [ field’s parlanoe—like a telescope. He was a i powerful hone, and would have pulled splen didly through heavy ground, bat the weather had bean peerless, and the course wta dry and hud, eo the lighter hones bad tbe 1 advantage. Beeehing and Belfield ate their i lunch in moody silence, and drank twice as I deeply aa they would have done to signalise a triumph. | ' 1 11 be hanged if I rpend another night in this eorsed hols,’ said Valentine when the day's racicg was over. ' Oh, yon’d batter see it out. I've got the rooms for tbs week, don’t yon know, and I •hall have to pay pretty stiffly for them, and I’ve ordered dinner. You may just as wall . ’Make it Yorkshire if you grudge your | money, and when yoo comeback to town I’ll sqoue np, retorted Valentine, sulkily. * I'm tired ol the whole Dniiueei. Your stable baa never brought me luek. Good-night!' It was only half-past five o'oloek; the aun wai high still, bat eloping westward, aod earriages and foot people were moving ont of the great green valley In vast mutes of shitting lights and oolours. A pretty eoene; but far from pleasant lo the jsundioed eye ot Valentine Belfield. He got into a osb, drove to the hotel, bandied hie things into beg and portman teau, and had them carried to tbe adjscent station just in time for one ot the speoials which were taking the racing men bsek to London. He got into a saloon carriage, coiled himself np in a comer ont of the doit end the glare, and presently, when the express was flying aeross the oountry, past those broad fields where the ecru wee etiil standing, low hilla where lights and shadows oama and went in the softening atmosphere of evening, he fell fast asleep, and slept for nearly a ooupla of hoars, alnping off that extra bottle of ahampagne which ha had drank almost unawares in his disappointment and exasperation. It waa dark when ha awoke, black night outside the earriaga windows, and within only the dim light of the lamp, which waa almost obscured by tobacco These ware very few pestengsra in the ■paoioua carriage, end of those few thru were asleep, sprawling in unrestrained repose upon the moroeco cushions, worn ont with open air, inn, dost, and drink. Two men sat in the angle of the aariiage. in a line with Mr. Belfield's oorner, and those two were talking. confidentially be tween tha iaiy. consumption of their cigarettes, talking in those undertones which are sometimes more dbtinetly audible then the brawl and babble of lond votees. ' I tell you, my dear fellow, everybody knew all about it except Ike gentleman most ooneamad,' laid one, ■ and whether he didn't know, Or whether he was wilfully blind, is an open qneation. I don't like tbe man, and I shoold be willing ta think any thing bad o (him, hot he’* a good bred 'on, anyhow, end I suppose we ought to give him the benefit of the doubt.’ 1 He was never ebont with her,’ returned the other men ; ‘ the went everywhere with her sister, end we ell know whet the eieter is,’ 'A very ohermisg woman,' Mid his friend with a laugh, ' and a very dangerous one. She's about the cleverest woman out, I think, (or without compromising hereell very seriously ihe bu contrived to make more ont of her admirers than any woman in London. She mast have bled Beeching to the tone of a small fortune, I ‘ Oh, Beeching Is fair game,’ said the other man. ‘ Nobody minds Beeching. Thai kind of pigeon was made to be plnoked ; besides, Beeching is uncommonly oarelul. Nobody will ever do him any hsrm. Ho has the commercial intellect fully developed. Ton may depend he keeps a dose acooaot of his means plaieirs, hie grass,widows and anch like, and knows to a shilling what they cost him,. and will never exceed the limits of strict prudence.’ Mr. BelOeld'a attention was fnliy awakened by this time. Ho had tnrned himself round in hie shadowy Gorner, and waa watching and listening with all hie might. He knew one of the men, a member of the Badminton and the Argue, slightly ; the other not at all. ‘The worst story against her is the story of the diamonds,' eaid the man whom he did not know. * Ah, you were in India when it hap pened, and knew all Bbont it, 1 suppose,’ replied the other. ‘ It wbb a rather ngly stores I believe, bot I never heard the ‘ I was in Baddeley'e regiment when she flame to India wilb him,’ said the other. * 8he had not been married six montbB, and wat about the loveliest women lever aaw io my life. As handsome as Mrs. Belfield is now, tbit splendid Irish beamy, which is □nenrpaseable while it lasts, great grey eyes with black lathes, s complexion of lilies and tarnations, form and coloar alike lovely and luxuriant, a woman who makes every cad in the streets stop all agape to look at her. She startled ns at onr hill elation, 1 can tell yoa, and Ihe B.ddeley madness raged there all that season 1 ke hydrophobia. One of out men, a poor lit. fo iientenant, a mere lad, Lord BromplonV eoo, took tbs disease very badly. What » as eporl for ns was death to him. He fell madly in love with his Major's wife, and bang about her and followed her about in a distracted, dee pairing way that wonld have been laughable had it not verged npon the tragio,' ' Did she encourage him ?' * Of eonrse ahe did. He was a swell, and he had lots ol money, bhe nick-named him Baby, talked of him as a “nice boy," and before long he was known everywhere ae Mrs. Baddeley's Baby. He didn't seem to mind people Laagblng at him. We went to Calcutta later on, and there were balls and all torts of high jinks going on, and Mrs. Baddtiey was the belle of lbB plase, and everybody, from the Governor-Geoeral down wards, wat avowedly in love with her. Poor young Stroud hong on to her, and was eavsga with every man Bhe spoke to. One night, as Ihe Govemor-Gcneral'e ball, ahe came oat into a blaze of diamonds. One of as chaffed the Major abont hie wife’s jewellery ; bat he toot it as easily ae possible. She bad hired them from Facet, the great Calcutta jeweller, ha told ae. “ I suppose I shall have to pay pretty stiffly for the ose of Shim,” he said, “bot if sbe likes to cot a dash io borrowed plumei, I can’t complain. It’il be a deneed long time I’m afraid before she'll be able to show a diamond neoklace of her own.”’ The speaker stopped to light a fresh cigarette, and then went on lazily, dropping ont hit sentences between puffs of lobaeoo. ‘Baddeley it a big, good-natured, self indulgent ase, but I don’t know that he's anything more than that. We ill laogbed at bis story of the hired diamonds, and six months afterwards when yonng Stroud broke lor eix end-twenty thousand, most of it money borrowed from Calontta Jew«, we ail knew that Mrs. Baddeley's diamonds counted for something, and Mrs. Bsdueley’s little caprices for something more in the lad's entanglements. We were all very eorry for him. Bromplon waa eaid to be a martinet, and the youcg man went abont Calontta looking aa white ae a ghost for a week or .two, while he was trying to make terms with hie creditors. Then one morning in barracks there waa a great soars. Toong Slroad had shot himself half an hoar after morning parade. He had left two letters on hie table, cne addressed to hie father, Ihe other to Mrs. Bsddtley.' ' How did the lady take it V 'I suppose she was rather sorry. Sbe never showed herself in Calontta after the catastrophe. The regimental doctor went to tee her every day, and the Major told every one that she wat laid np with low fever, aod that the olimste was killing her. She went back to England a month or bo after Slrond’a death, and ihe carried the spoils of war with her and has worn them ever since.' 1 And yoa think the younger sister it at bad?' said the other man thoughtfully. There was no malevolence in either of them. They were only discussing one ol the problems of modern society, ‘ I don't know about that. I believe she hat more heart than Mrs. Bsddefcy; and that she is over head and ears in love with 3\ Austell. They have been carrying on all the seaeon, and I wonder they haven't bolted before now.’ ‘ My dear fellow, nobody bolts nowadays. Elopement! are out ot fashion. There is nothing further bom the thoogbla of a modern sedooer than a mioage. The days of of poetebaise* and Italian villae are over. We love and we ride away, St. Austell Is a min of the world, and a man of the time. Here we are, old ship. My trap is to meet ns here.’ They took up their sticks, hats, and over coats, and left the carriage before Valentino Belfield’t brain had recovered from the shook of a sodden revelation. He started to his feet ai they went out, ealled ont to the man he knew, followed to Ihe door just as Ihe porter elammed it, and the train moved on. He hardly knew what he meant to do. Whether he would have oalied the slanderer to aooount, oanad him, challenged him. He stood by the door of the swiftly moving carriage, dazed, bewildered recalling that Idle talk he bad overheard from the darkness of his corner yonder, wondering bow much or how little bath there was in it About Mrs. Baddeley, hie wife’s eiater? Weil, there might be some foundation for scandal there, perhape. He had long known that she was a coquet fe, and a clever coquette who knew how to lead her admirer* on, and how to keep them at bay. He knew that Beeshing had ministered pretty beely to tbe lady’s eaprieee; and he bad always looked upon Bt. Anatoli as tbs lady’s favoured admber, and the man for whom she was in some danger of compromising herself. The story of yonng Stroud's fotile passion for hit Major’s wife, aod ot eostly jswtllery given at a time when Lord Bromplon’s heir was already deeply in debt, was not altogether new to him. He bad heard some vague bintsin the peat; but men had been aby of alluding to that old story in hit pretence. He bad known that his sister-in-law bad been talked abont; but no man had ever dared to insinuate that sbe wa* anything worse than a elever woman, and perfeolly Capable of taking care ol herself. 'Ibiok Mr*. Baddeley and her poodle against Lueretia and her dagger,' be bad heard a stranger eay one night in the elob imokingroom, and it had Beemed to bis aomewbat eynieal temper that hie wife oonld not be safer than with a thoroughly worldly woman, a woman who knew every knot and ravelled end in the.'seamy side’ ot society. Bot St. Austell his wife’s admber 1 They two head over ear* in love with eaeh other I Never tor one instant had sooh a possibility <l*wned upon; and yet those wo men had talked aa if that mutual pasalon were an established fact, known to all ths world, azoept to him, the deluded husband. Helen, hia Helen 1 The wife who had tali*tod him with swsetneas, whose devotion bad eloyed, whose fondness had been almost a burden. That the should play him false, that the should etra for any antes man op easth. No, be could not believe it. Because two fool* in a railway osrrisge chose to tell lies, was he to think that the woman who had oounted tbs world wall lost for lova of him bad turned trickster and traitress and waa carrying on with another man. St. Auahili, a notorious rake—a man who bad tfa« reputation of being fatal in bis in Bueno* ovas women. The mio had teemed safe enough so long u he had thooght o( him only at lira. Biddsley'e lover; bat with bis saspicions newly aroused, Valentine Belfield looked back at the history of the last few months and saw all things in a new light. He remembered how in all lire. Bsddeley'e festivities—at Harlingham, BaneUgb, or Ssndown; water parties at Henley or Marlow; Sunday dinners at Biohmond; at Greenwich—St. Austell had always been one o( the party. Beeahing and St. Amtell bad always been at hand. Whoever else was included, those two were in evitable. He had reckoned them both as Leonora's devotees ; they were the pair which the drove in her oar of trinmpb, like Venus’s doves or Juno's peaoocks. One possessed her heart, and ruled her life; the other was her purse bearer. Knowing all this, or believing this, be had yet been content that bis wife should go everywhere under her sister's wing. The arrangement relieved him of all trouble, and Helen seemed happy. People complimented him upon hie wife’s beanly, and he accepted their praises as a kind of tribute to himself; pleased to show the world how careless he coold afford to be about a wife whom every body adored, seaure in his anbonnded dominion over her, Bbls to neglect her if he chose, Bnd yet to defy all rivalry. 