The Clareinont Ghost. SYDNEY DOCTORS CENSURED. The adjourned inguest on the bones found at Claremont, near Penrith, alleged to be human, came off in the Penrith Courthouse on Tuesday. Before proceeding with the business the coroner, Mr. J. K. Lethbridge, J.P., explained lo the jury that be had, at tbeir request, telegraphed to the Department of Justice asking for the attendance of Dr. M'Laurin and Professor Anderson Stuart to sive evidence ia support of their rer-ort. and in answer he had received a telegram on Saturday stating that it -would be impossible for these gentlemen to attend except at great per sonal inconvenience, and recommending that he should consult with the local Government medical officer with a view of obtaining local medical evidence, and thus concluding the inquiry. In accordance ns-itt these instructions he had waited on Dr. Brady, with the result that Dr. J. Cappie Shand had been asked to examine the remains and give evidence. He said it would be now for the jury to decide whether they would further adjourn for the sake of securing the evidence of tee Sydney profession, or -whether they would proceed with further evidence from Dr. Brady and Dr. Shand. The foreman said they would hear these gentlemen and then decide whether they considered it neees tarv to call fresh evidence or not. '.'he evidence or. Dr. Brady was substantially the same as that given at the previous day's inquiry. He swore positively that the bones were those of a human being. Dr. Shand would not swear positively that the boneB were human, although he believed them to be. The coroner then addressed the jury at some length. He said that he thought there would be BOiaetMng more come out of this mysterious affair. He sincerely hoped the police would leave no stone unturned in endeavouring to solve the mystery. In conclusion he paid a very nigh com pliment to Dr. Shand'e elaborate and scientific evidence. The jury, after a short retirement, returned tlie following verdict : — 'That there is not suf ncient evidence to enable us to determine whether or not the bones are those of a human being, or of one of the lower animals/' adding as a rider, ' That in our opinion the Sydney doctors con nected with the case were to blame in not coming i or ward to give evidence on the occasion.' The Ang_o-Ibb__l Associatiou. — A monthly meeting «f this association took place last evening in the Temperance Hall. The chair was taken by Mr. Barlow. At the conclusion ot the business Mr. Gordon read a paper apbn the tribes of Israel and Judah. At the ', next meeting it is arranged tor Mr. Gordon to read ia further paper in continuation of to* Bftme subject. . ' 