Select Poetry. SISTER GRACE." ' THE grey smoke of the WtinfioH Jj^d aimog desired away, And in a welt'ring, writhing mats the dead sod dying lay; While eyes, so bright and full of life when rang the morning call, NowsUtf and glased, were fixed'in death, or scarcely oped at all; God's creatures these! His noblest works, and now, bat nothing more 'than poor maimed sacrifices piled to the grim fetish War; One gallant heart, that through the fray had throbbed with high resolve, Wag slowly ebbing on its way, the myst'rv great to solve. A fair-haired British officer, prone-lying where be fell, Amidst a heap, like fallen sheaves, mowed down by .shot and shell, And as e'en reason yielded fast to bitter force of pain, Weak tancy closed the present page, unveiled the fast again. A peaceful home, amongst the h«U«, under an English sky, With gabled roofs, beneath whose eaves, the twHA'ring songsters fly, A spreading lawn of richest green, a gentle trusting- face, Pore—in its calm of perfect rest, but—only Cousin Grace. An orphan, early left to fight life's battles, quite alone, Bat filling a. dear sister's place, as though she mere his own. Happy and modest, good and kind, vet. as stem fate befell, Be treasured not the prize at hand. She loved him—ah ! too well. Why need ihe cruel story now in lengthy phrase be strung ?— How innocence had proved no shield 'gainBt lust's seductive tongue. Be hit the blame, his the remorse, who wrecked a fair young life, And then, by dastard's flight, denied to her the name of wife, But, lying now at early dawn, **'«t4T<» closing faBt, The shadow of this fearful wrong darkens bis soul at last. And sad grave eyes, accusing ghosts, are ever on him bent, While, with an anguished cry, Betrayed! the smoke-wreathed air is rent, To heaven he stretches one weak hand, utters one awful moan, Then, with her name last on bis lips, sinks back to die—alone. Across the fiuld of conflict, white-robed mercy in their train, A band of women—golden hearts—mid dying and mid slain, Wearing the Bed Cross on each arm, compassion in each face, Fulfil their saintly mission well: amongst them Sister Grace. The lines of anguish on the brow, the pallor of the chsek, The patient faith of those bine eyes, of gnawing sorrow speak. But long the path of earthly thame with humbled feet she'd trod. And, for a hope of heaven above, riven a life— to God. Swift, in that awful haunt of death, she scans each stricken form, All cold and still those brave hearts no*, in haven—after storm— When, a deep groan upon her ears, with mournful cadence fails, And her oum name, a pleading voice, in muffled accents, calls; And starting, quiv'ring at the sound, she hurried to his aid; Then knew at length they'd met again, betrayer and betrayed! But now the bugle loudly sounds. Hark back! 'tis a recaU. She hears it not, nor even heeds die foeman's hissing ball; But strong, in tie great strength of love, uplifts the rigid form. And on the cold and pallid face imprints her kisses warm, Around—in showers—the ballets fall; e'en mutt she pause for breath, O God! thet hit! One kiss—the last: it is the kiss of death! And 'neath the cold stars, at his side, a smile on her pale face, Recalled to_ heaven, her mission o'er, they buried Sister Grace. FaAKcis HAELOWB. 