A Story of Ttirkisli : Gendarmes. The following story reaches tho Levant Herald through a correspondent from Rodosto. Near thut town, a drover taking cattle to market lost two of his bullocks on the road. Wheu he reached Rodosto he at once informed tho muni cipal authorities of the fact, who despatched three srenduimes in search of the missing beasts, which it was thought might oitiior have strayed or have been stolen. On the high road they mot two mouhadjirs, driving beforo thorn two stout oxen thathud a suspicious resemblanco to those of which they were in search. . Putting, literally, two and two together, the couple of men and tho couple of bullocks, tho gendarmes challenged the mouhadjirs to halt and givo up their booty. But these hud no intention of parting with, their companions ; they hurried on, believing tho gendarmes to be brigands in seirch of a dinner. Finding their, authority ? ignored, tho gendarmes fired upon the fugitives killing one of them. 'The otbermouhadjir took to his lieels and escaped, leaving the cattle thero, of which the ' gendarmes at brico 'took possession. Having hastily buried their victim, theso courageous individuals camo back to Rodosto, bringing;their bullocks with them. When these latter,1 however, wero shown to tho drover, ho denied that, they were those whioh he had lost, being of quite another colour und another bleed! In the f ucd of such a declara tion as this, it wus evident that the gendarmes had erred on tho side of professional zeal. Instead of finding the lost bullocks thoy had killed a man. \ A scheme to 'save- thoir dignity hud thus to' be devised ; and accordingly sdmo ono wan prompted to swear that the cuttle thoy hud captured' belonged to hitn,r and had been stolen from his farm but a littlo whilo beforo. By this lie he thus became unlawfully possessed of tho bullocks while exonerating the brave gendarmes from all 'excess '.'of zeal in tho dis charge of their duty and 'their carbines.' It would, however,' 'appear that they wero hot to escape altogether unpunished.. I1 or when the story got about the local authorities put tho gendarmes under arrest, not for haying killed an innocent man, but. because they had buried him in Buch haste, without ha,ving first washed tho corpso in decordttneo' with tho religious law. An exception to this'ismado only for soldiers in war time.' ' . ; ? ? Diisv Pitiii.'and Fritz ?' Saru^in }iaya'bBbn- making a grand tour through' Ceylon, studying) closely by the way thd: anthropology, natural history^ and the mineral ' characteriBtioB' of thp^ province; ;i,The researches : extended' over two', years,' arid were, bo extensive that tho trayolkw think they have Bomething new: to tell.- They; ard- writing a book of four volumes, two* being doyotcd to zoology, a third to' anthro pology, aiid a fourth to a general description of; the island! .'.;' ?? ' ''' ' .'' ','?'' HnnEETO stylo has boon tho great touoliBtonos of tho'Frenoh literary , man. ; Within -'the ; post; fivo years or soa new.Bohool has sprung up, the' members of whioh seem determined to maketha; ghosts of Cardinal Richelieu and the; earlier, academicians turn with horror , in thoir graves. These young mon called themselves 'Los Decadents,' and thoy, j wrote prose; and (verso which had; a success do , curionte,; because tlie witters had disfigured and distorted the Frenohi. langungo so as to -make it-, unrecognisable,' and', the; audacity of' their , attempts : arr ? rested attention. ? Tho,' Decadents' worofoI-: lowed by the ' Deliqueacents ' '. tho 'Literary Incohcrents,' and,now by the 'Symbo-- lique^ Instrumentisto' school. Theso, writers find that Moli6re,.Renan, and Baudot are not good enough ;f or, them, und they must needs tay.to form :»?? stylo ; for a^gqneration which is tired: of-. ,old ! models., ..ThQy: havo .i'eyipwsKQ{- their own, ondifithbyfail inpi;opagati'ng,thoiy^ ideas, with '(success they, will at least (acor$-i spondent ibmarks), huyb,.,th'o , satisfaction ,(,ofj ?affording iamuBpinqnt to tho. playgpbrs , Ty'lio, patronise -the hotcrpgencpus entbrtammoats.in, whioh itho pvonts pf the y par-.are ^car-iwtured.,'*, j 