A JAPANESE BALLET. The following interesting account of a Japanese ballet is from the Times The theatre of the Kaburenjo, or chief training school of the birds Maiko, has all the simplicity of architecture and decoration that is characteristic or the majority of Japanese buildings. It is of plain unvarnished and unpainted wood, the most striking features being the usUal ponderous roof, carried on a single span of some 50 feet, and the high excellence of the carpenters' and joiners' work. Besides the main stage in front, there are two narrower Stages, occupy- ing the right and left sides of the building. On the fourth side, facing the main Stage, is a large room-like box for the Imperial family and Court, and in front of it two or three tiers of raised Routs, plainly a medora innova- tion. The body of the auditorium, occupy ing the space between the side Staines, in a flat, undivided matted area, in, or rather on, which the spectators sit in Japanese fashion, and solace themselves with their tiny pipes of fragrant tobacco and little cups of the never-failing tea. On enter- ing, we find the stages concealed by curtains of white silk crepe, painted with pine, bamboo, and plum trees, the emblems of longevity, vigour, and fragrance. Those are the only decorations, The lighting is of the simplest footlights, with Candles for the stage, and hanging lamps and rows of candles for the rest of the interior. On the rise of the our fairs the scene in front represents a summer-house in the grounds of the Mikado's palace, girt by a verandah with red lacquered stops and railings and hung with bamboo blinds. Right and left, on each side stage, is a crimson dais, on which are seated eight girl musicians, or geisha, from about 16 to 20 years of age, clothed in soft raiment of brilliant hues, and got up from head to foot in the highest style of Japanese art. The eight on the right are players of the samson, a. species of three-stringed guitar, "the chords of which are struck with an ivory plectrum. Of those on the left four play the meantime, a small drum held in the air and struck with the hand, the other four performing alternately with the taste, or Hat drum, and bowls of delicate tone. Music and singing are at once begun. These are of the quaint and, for the most part, somewhat dismal type peculiar to the higher flights of the musical art in Japan. If is difficult to convey an idea of them. For Western cures they have but little melody, and few inspiring strains. One must be a Japanese to appreciate them. Time and tune, however, are evidently well kept, and the performance is doubtless good of its kind. And, if you cannot admire the music, you can at least forgive it in contempla- tion of the play ora. After a short overture, the Maiko appear, entering at the extremities of the aide stages, right and left of the Imperial box, and moving in single file towards the main stage. Their advance, extremely slow, can only be described as progress. It is not a march, neither is it a dance as we understand the term. Stately almost to solemnity, yet full of grace, it is a series of artistic posturing and pantomime, in time with the music and accompanied by the slowest possible forward move ment. By the time all of the classes have entered, there are 16 on either side young girls of from about 10 to 17 years old. In dress they are counterparts of the musicians -agree with scarlet, light blue, white, and gold, in robes of great length and voluminous folds, bound with girdles of truly prodigious dimensions. In spite, however of the gorgeous colouring, there is nothing garish or distasteful to the eye. No canon of art or taste is offended. The secret lies in the fabric of the girls' -garments bill crape, the delicate softness of which relieves' the brilliancy of time that might otherwise be displeasing. In person the Maiko are the prettiest little specimens of budding Japanese girlhood, rosy tipped and black-eyed, with comely and delicate features, tiny hands and foot, and an air of graceful modesty and innocence rarely seen on any stage. As for their coiffure, it is miracle of the JapnnoRO hairdresser's skill, and rich with adornments of flowers and coral. How much of their beauty those dainty little lassos may owe to art it might be unkind to inquire too Closely. Kioto is famed for its manufacture of shirts, a whitelead cosmetic of rare virtue, and said to be used with a skill which Western ladies of fashion would give a good deal to possess. But surely there can be little need for it here, if we may judge from the whiteness of the Maiko's heads and of as much of her arms as is now and then revealed to him. There is also a Japanese reign, of great merit, Which uncharitable persons might suspect of having a share in the brilliancy of those " threads of scarlet," the Maiden's lips. Tiny razors, too, are even supposed by some malignant minds to play a part in the finely pencilled eyebrows of Japanese belles. Kindly folk, however, prefer to put away all such churlish thoughts, and to rest content with the pretty picture that is now set before them in reproduction in flesh and blood of the typical Japanese beauty of our fans and screens, with the all-important exception that the tune of the artist's creation seldom does justice to the living original. Fans of course, play a prominent part in the intricate gestures of the Maiko. Those carried now are large and circular, and richly bedecked with red and white flowers. With these, as with their heads, hands, limbs, and bodies, the files display to the full on their slow progress up the theatre that music of motion which so delights the eyes of the Japanese Thus turning, bowing, swaying, kneeling, and waving, always gracefully and in time With the music, the ranks at length meet on the front stage, pass one another, and return again down the sides, at the end of which they turn, form into pairs, and regain the stage, one wing soon leaving it, while the other continues the dance before the footlights for a few minutes, when it also retires. All this while the music goes on, now sad and slow, anon in livelier strains, and is accompanied by the voices of the banned players, chanting a hymn of happiness, prosperity, and peace, in which the reign of " our Lord the Mikado" is likened, in highly flowery language, to the beauty and tranquillity of Nature " at the first dawn of spring." Next the bamboo blinds of the verandah are raised, revealing the first squadron of dancers pastured in picturesque groups between a background of dead gold and the crimson lacquer of the verandah. These, descending to the stage, resume the I dance. They have parted with their flowergirl fans, and each girl has a seizure attached to her and, with which she accompanied the orchestra while dancing. To them, on their withdrawing, succeed the second squadron, who, with scarlet and white fans, go through a measure of singular grace and bounty, and at longS retire to the verandah, which rises with them, bringing the first scene to a close. 'The second scene is laid in the famous gardens of i Ariishiynma in the suburbs of Kitty, and appears as a fairyland of flowering cherry trees, lit by a galaxy of minute star-like lamps. Here the whole corps gradually assemble, and at length execute a final dance of the same type as before, after which they retire by the side stages, with the slow measured movements that marked their first entrance. Thus, after about an hour's performance, ends the Miyako Odor. It illualratps.no rule or not It is only an elaborate measure, of " woven paces and of waving hands, such as Vivian may have freedom win the wild woods of Hroroliando." It has no objects but those of exhibiting colour, raiment, grace, and beauty with all the skill that Japanese art as we can contrive, and of preserving the old classic style of dancing, and setting examples of the highest forms of strict feminine etiquette. If a foreigner is unable to enjoy to the full the poetry of motion which has such fascinations for the Japanese spectator, he at least cannot fail to appreciate a display not more remarkable for its iBsthotie beauty and finish than for the uiatidiousdelicucyand modesty which characterise it from beginning to end. In the latter respect the Western stage might' derive a lesson worthy of instituting. No Lord Chamberlain, however lynx-eyed or hard- hearted, could finding much as a ghost of a pretext for interference here. But the visitor aKo 'cola himself impelled to ask, how long will those things be r I How many years, or possibly decades, are likely to elapse before the chaste Miynico-Ortori, with its refined and courtly style and squadrons of dccinouslv-clnd little Maiko, will give place to violent muscular achievements, such as those with which troops of bounding, perspiring, and half-nude daniBels obtains the doubts of theatre- goers in the West ? Rouon ox Catalina corrects offensive odours at once. Complete cure of worst chronic cases : also uiiei|iinlloit as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat, foul breath. M. Moss and to., Sydney. -[ADVT.] 