DICE'S 1LOOE. The hot sun shone down on our little camp : From his dome above, like*, giant lamp; Hot the ghost-of a-aloud to soften his rajs, Hot a breath of wind to temper the blare. Each man had thrown down his shovd and pick Save one ef cast-iron, called " Gentleman Dick/' ■" Tour Highness/* -or now 'twas " Biehard the King." Never mind, Dick was braTe, and gave back the true ring. \- Poor luck he had had in the nugget line, Though bard be bad worked the whole oi tlte time ; While some of the men, though not million aires, I Had grown rich enough to give themselves airs. But, though proud, no airs had " Gentleman Dickj Stand-offish, perhaps, but when I was sick i He waa clever and kind, and nursed me round: . And one never forgets things like that, I'll be j hound. 'And Dick had a child and a sweet young wife; He bad both their pictures done to the life; j And he himself, looking down on the pair With a happy kind of ownership air: And Sundays, instead of loafing about, .'Alone up the gully went Dick; 110 doubt ' To hold service there, for he never was wild— :"But his saints were his wife and his innocent . child. -As I said before, though the sun was hot, j *' Gentleman Dick" never moved from the spot, But dug iu his claim, though once and again ' I called him into the shade with the men. I knew why he toiled—he wished much, to send At Christmas some gold for his wife to spend; *Twas little she had—for Dick had bad luck— -And he only held on to the claim through sheer pluck. I watched his arms, with their muscles of steel, vGive some quivering strokes—then he seemed to reel .'And to clutch at the bank to break his fall— 1 -ran to his help, soon followed by all: " Back boys j bring water; tie only a faint!" i Dead beat at lad, though he made no com plaint. Of late he has pined—one plaiuly could see. Then I wet his pale lips with a sip of cold toa. He opened his eyes ; his eyes of clear blue That ever met ours so fearless and true. He unclasped his hand to take firmer hold Do, from his grasp fell a nugget of gold 1 He had snatched at a twig and a worn old root Which afterwards bore for him golden fruit. And .all the men cheered, nor envied his luck, For a hero was Dick, and bis mates liked bis pluck. 