THE ELECTIONS. The first batch of elections are over, and the fates of many expectant candidates decided for another term of three years. It was thought that in view of the great depression and the difficulty there has been in obtaining work for the labor, ing classes, that Lhe election of 1887 would have caused far more excitement than did those of 1884. The results so far have not proved this to be correct. There have been quite as many walk overs as usual. The fact that in only one of the ministerial districts has there been anything like formidable opposition is rather signiScaut. That the acting premier should have no stronger opposition than Mr. H. Taylor, made it a mere form. Whilst, in this district the opposition to the Commissioner of Public Works, although so nearly unseating him, was apparently bbgun as a publican's dodge for getting a poll, and was continued as a freak. We have not heard a single man say that the third man was fit for the position, whilst one of ; his strong supporters in Moonta was loud in his assertion "That it was time they sent some fools in to see if they could do better than the wiseacres who had been in." At the Burra, the local man, Mr. Holder, has gone in at the head of the poll, unseating the Minister of Education, which is the only defeat the ministry has sustained. Against this may be taken the significant fact that the premier wag returned unopposed and without ever addressing the electors. At East Torrens the old and erstwhile popular member, Mr. Playford, has had his colors lowered by a man new to public life. At the last elections there was no more popular man in the field than Mr. Playford, but the Thow affair was not one but many nails in his political coffin. We should be sorry, however, to see Mr. Playford out of ths House, and ti ust he will be returned for some other district, Our old Moonta friend, Mr. E. H. Derrington, with less discretion and more £heek than we had credited him with", ventured to rua for the Speaker's district, where he had not the ghost of a chance. Sir Robert has retained his popularity, and is too well beloved by hi* people to fear any outsider, whilst Mr. Homburg may be considered safe in a district where there are sb many Germans. Had <Mr. Derrington come out early for Yorke's Peninsula he would have stood good show, as the electors were fairly puzzled to know who to vote for. As it is they have taken the best and the w-.rst. Except that he is a local man, Mr. Bartlett has no single qualification for parliamentary life, and Unless we are- mistaken he will soon find tnmself unsuited for it. We sympathize very much with Mr. Caldwell to be sent in with such a feeble colleague. One of the greatest disappointments is fouud in Onkaparinga, where Mr. Rees has been returned instead of a local man. The electors there played their cards very badly in bringing out so many local men to split the votes and weaken each other. At Port Adelaide, too, the electors made the same mistake, and two weak men have got in instead of the very suitable candidates who were in the field, viz.) Kirkpatrick and ..Thompson. At Encounter Bay, the efcTreasurer, Mr. Newland, who has afforded so mnch fun for the " Lantern " readers, has been at the wrong end of the poll for himself, but the right end for his district. The new man, Mr. Hussey, is said to possess ability and will likely try to break up the happy family element in the House, Light has virtually disfranchised itself on noma of the great questions of the day, and proves how far with constituents even in these days men are thought of before measures. Mr. Glynn is one of the most rabid land uationalizationibts in the colony, whilst Mr. Coles advocates the very extreme measure of selling land for cash to pay our deficit. Either Mr. Coles or Mr. Glynn must be held to represent the voice of the district on this question, and as Mr. Coles is at the top of the poll he must take the 1 pie-eminence. In West &delki;$Te Mr. Kingston has come in Second : Ito Mr. Grayson, beating Messrs/ Fox/ j Griinger and Fraser. At the declaration oT the poll Mr. Grainger 'was harping again on the question of gratitude. . suppose he has done something great for the district for which the electors ought to be thankful and are not. Dr.' Stirling, the women's franchise man, has suffered a defeat in North Adelaide, making way for Mr. Cohen^ who styles himself a banker, but who we are informed is simply a bill discounter* The veteran, G. C. Hawker, with his prefix of honorable, had to play second fiddle to the new man. At Norlunga another old member has been released from the ctres and worries of Parliamentary life. Mr. Atkinson, who during the whole of last session made only one speech, lost his election by only-thirteen votes, whilst the next two tied with 323 votes eaoh. So far as we gather the occupations of those returned are as follows: —Lawyers, 6 ; agents, 4; engineer, 1; architect, 1 ; brewer, 1; wine and spirit merchant, 1; gentlemen, whatever this means, 4; banker, 1; builder, storekeepers, 2 ; photographer, 1; produce merchant, 1; journalists, 2; Farmers, 2. It will be seen by this that the lawyers are in advance of all others, and there are still eight more in the field seeking honors. 