HUMOUR. All great men uvo attontivo listeners. Many of them acquire tho hnbit by being married. —Somemille Journal. " Thin is a wul and bitter world," ro innrkrd a gentleman of Irish extraction; " wo never strow flowers on a mail's gravo until after ho is dead."—Washington flat chet. " 1 saw a cool deed thin morning," ro jnarlced l'anglont tho supper-table. " WJiat was it "r"' asked his wife, with deep interest. " Tho titlo to an ico- housc," replied tho wretch.—I.ijc. Undo John—"Why, my girl, you'vo grown liko a (incumber vino ! What progress nvo you milking towards matrimony?" Cliira—" Well, uncle, I'm oil my fifth lap." —New Haven News. "Come, Bill," said a yoiingmnn to a com rade, " it is ton o'clock. Lot us go. It's timo lionost folks wero at home." "Yea," was tho reply, " I must bo olT, but yon needn't, go on tlmt. account."—New York Ledger, Encouragement,: "Percy Lovolaco (a suitor)—" Do you think I can over win Miss Tickle's lovo?" Cynical Friend (a former suitor)-—" Never despnir, my boy. Wlmt man has done, man can do."—Harper's Bazar. In tho front parlour, midnight: IIo (weight thrco hundred, sentimentally)—" What will you call mo, darling, when wo aro married V" Sho (absently looking at clock)—" I don't know. Fatty, I suppose"—'Jown Topics. "Cfoorge," sho said, tenderly, "do you bolievo in tho old saying, 1 Out of sight, out of mind'i"' "Well no, not altogether," responded George, hesitatingly. "For in stance, tflko a boil on tho back of ono's neck." •—New York Sun. "l'a," said littlo Harold to his paternal parent, after that individual had been reading an article on "Superstition" to his family, "l'a, does death always follow tho howl of a dog? " "No, dulling," ropliod Backstrnttlo, "sometimes its tho bootjack."—Jxily. Experienced dry goods clerk- " Ladies, hiivo you seen this pattern olsowherof" Ladies—" No, wo oamo to you lirst of all." Experienced dry goods clork—" Then pardon mo if I deolino to show it to you, for if you havo just heguii chopping you will not buy here."—Fhegende blatter. Mull in—" Oi hov a ohinder in nio oye, from th' gas house !" Mrs. Mullin—" Sorra! This is pfxvliat yez'll do. Hold yuro noso with wan hand; tur-rn tli' lid uv yuro oyo insidy-out wid th' other; kapo yuro niout' shut, an' slmcozo liko tli' divil!" Mullin— " Oi t'ink Oi'll kapo tho ehindcr, Rosio!"— Puck, Annottc—"I have just been having a delightful stroll with Harold. Can anything1 bo more delightful than a walk in tho moon light?" Jeanotto (flvo years oldor)—'Tooti cal, no doubt Annotto; but when you havo had my oxporienco you will know that a dark corner of tho porch is equal to ton moonlight nights."—Philadelphia Call. "That's right, littlo boy," said a kindly old ludy to a lad who was trudging cheerfully along witli a slato under his arm. " I liko to see littlo boys who aro studious: and there's a nickel for you. On your way to school?" "No'm," replied tho boy, pocketing tho nickel. " Mo fadderkcops a beer saloon, on' the old slate's busted. I'm lagiu' liiin a now one."—New York Sun. " I s'poso you'd take a man's last cent for a drink hero?" exclaimed a respectably dressed individual with a red nose, as ho walked in and leaned on tho bar of a Railroad Placo saloon yesterday. "With pleasuro," replied tho atrahlo attendant. Tho first speaker ordered a drink of brandy, which ho quaffed with an appreciative gurglo, followed by a smack of his lips Reaching down into tho corner of his pocket, tho customer rosur rectcd a rod penny, laid it on tho counter, and astonished tho bar-tender with tho two words: " Last one."—The Samtogian. Bright young men tiro not necessarily polished.—Hotel Gazette. It is at a circus, when ho can kcop his hat 011, (hat a bald-headed man is really indepen dent. "Help ono another" works well ovory wlicro excopt at a tablo of a woll-fUlod board ing house. Customer—Aro you suro this bread is frosli, baker? Baker—Well, I should say so—it's to-morrow's. Tho cashier abstracted tho money, and when Ho'd done it ho laughed in his slcove; Till e.xposuro was imminent for him, and then, Why, then ho still laughed in his leave. Somo of tho best blood in tho land now runs through tho mosquito's veins.—Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph. A woman always looks undor tho bed for a mnn. A man goes out between acts to look for him.—Boston Courier. Wifo—In tho game of lawn tennis, my dear, what is tho most difficult thing to ac quire ? Husband—Tho lawn.—Puck. A summer rooster writes homo that ho ro (ircH with tho .oliickens in tho oveniug aiul awakes with the fields in tho morning. That women thus should scold nnd grieve At men for alcoholio shakes, Seems wrong', for well wo know 'twus Evo That Jirst had aught to do with snakes. — Washington Critic. If woman wants to know what sacrifices men will mako for hc-r let her tnko n seat in the smoking-car.—Philadelphia Inquirer. Ada—Why, 0110 of your cheeks is red as firo and the other pale as a ghost. Ella—Yes. Harry was on 0110 side and I was afraid mamma would bco us on tho other. a pai'a's wild joy. Tliero came to port last Sunday morn Tho sweetest little craft, Without nu inch of rigging on; I looked, and looked and laughed. Ring out wild bolls and tamo ones too Ring out from mom to noon, Ring in tho ltttlo worsted socks, Ring in tho bib and spoon. • —A msterdam Democrat. Pedestrian—Madam, a boy who I am told is your son has just thrown a stono at mo, oausing a wound that is very painful. What aro you going to do about it. Mother—I don't know; havo you tried arnica?—Tii Bits. Within one year twenty-two men in this country havo shot and killed their vivos in the night under thS impression that they were burglars. Tho wife who slips out of led to go through her husband's pookets must do so at tho peril of her life.—Detroit Free Press. Any Coed Will Do.—Dr. Joseph Parker writes in tho London Daily News: In some religious denominations there is, as you know, greater liberty of speech than in others. Al low mo to illustrate this. A Tory was taking part (strango as it may appear)in a prayer meeting, and in his intercessions ho expressed anxiety for tho imion of Tories and Unionists. "Lord," said ho 'Mmiy thoy all hang to gether" "Amen," interrupted another. "Lord, lot (hem nil hang together" "Not, Lord," said tho first speaker, "in the soiise which tho word mentis, but let them liang together in accord and concord." "Any cord will do, Lord, any, cord will do," con tinued tho Radical interrupter. What may come of it I do not know, but probably the world will hear something about it later. 