SExt anb ffitrmor. 'Now, children,' said she, 'how many of you know anything about Moses V Only one hand went up. ''That's right, Jimmie, Vm. glad to eee there's one in the school who has heard of him before. Now, who was Moses?' 'He's the man wot they wanted to know where he was when the fight went out,' ex claimed Jimmie with great gusto. That ended the lesson for that dav. „ Excited Fisherman (to country hotel man)— There isn't a bit of fishing about here. Every brook has a sign warning people off. What do you mean by luring anglers here with the promise of tine fishing V Hotel Man— 'I didn t say anything about fine fishing. If yon read my advertisement carefully yon will sea tbat what I said was * Fishing unapproach SlDiBa Young Precentor— 'Man Tammaa, there'* ae thing bothers me sair when I'm singia', an' I canna get ower t ; I'm awfu' nervous.' Old Precentor— 'Ay, ay! I wis the same as you. when I wis young, but I fun oot a cure, an' I've aye kept tae't, I jist pit seaven or acht coppers m my pouch, an' when I feel the nervousness beginnm' I give them a bit rattle. It mak'a rce f eel km o' whit I may ca' independent like. Try t man, try t. 'I think I've got rather the meanest hus band m Detroit.' exclaimed a little woman on. the car. Her friend asked her to explain, and she continued — *? I found that he was smoking E0 cents' worth of cigars per day, and I got him to agree to give me aa much pin-money per week as the cipars cost. He stuck to it one week.' ' And then, what T' ' He bought himself a clay pipe and a pound of 10-cent smoking tohacco, and my income is cut down. to two cents a week,' Sam Johnsiner, an Austin, Texas, colored man, was hired by the celebration committee to touch ofi the fireworks. The day after the glorious fourth, Parson Whangdoodle Baxter, of the Blue Light Tabernacle, happening to call at the Johns-ing mansion, the latter said banteringly— 'Did you see de fireworks las' night, parson?' 'I did, Mister Johnsing.'* ' I reckon, parson, dat ar red fire and de yell in9 ob de crowd sorter reminded yer ob dat hell yer preaches eo much about.' 'Hit did, Mister Johnsing, for a fas', pertickerlerly when I seed you in de middle ob de flames.' A trampish-looking man, with a particalarly mdirty face, was hanging about a Woodward avenue grocery, when a clerk observed—' If. you had a bar of soap could you make good use. of it?' 'You bet,' was the prompt reply. He was handed one, and went off. Ia about an hour he returned, his face as dirty as before, and the clerk exclaimed — ' You never used a bit of that soap.' ' You asked me to make good use of it. So I did. I traded it off for something to wash over four weeks' dust out of my throat. This dirt on my face isn't three days old yet.' 'We haB beenlibben heah for two week,'* said a colored man in Charleston leaning over the fence and addressing his next door neighbor, ' bnt you hain't done take no notice of us. Yon don' seem to be awat' dat a fambily has moved in nex' do' to you.' ' Oh. yes. we has done tuk notice dat you moved in.' ' Huh ! Don' look like it. Yon nebber took no notice dat a 'spectable culled fambily hed become yo* neighbo'. liat's a fac'.' ' Dat ain't de fas', sab. We done tuk notice dat you moved in,, an' we hab locked up de chicken coop do' an* kep* de dog loose at night ebber since.' A dying miser sent for hia solicitor, and beirjg propped up in bed, said — ''Now. begin, and I will dictate particulars.' ' I give and I bequeath,' commenced the man of law, re peating, as he wrote down the formula. ' No-, no,' interrupted the testator, 'I do nothing of tbe kind ; I will never give and bequeath anything; I cannot do it.' 'Well, then,' suggested th,e attorney after Borne considera tion as to how the UBual style could be modified, ' suppose you say, ' I lend until the last day V -T 'Yes, yes, that will do,' eagerly rejoined his emplojer ; and so they got on with the busi ness in hand.' First Omaha Man— 'What's the matter* not out of business again, are you?' Secana Omaha Man — ' Yes, my last venture busted the first week.' ' That's queer. I thought yen etarted a little factory to darn stockings for young men, old bachelors, and others with no women folk to look after them, That ought to pay.' ' Pay 1 I got more orders than I conld fill ; I hired a whole lot of nice girls who knew how to darn stockings, and they did their work beautifully; but tbe enterprise busted.' 'Why, what happened?' 'Girls all left.' ' Dissatisfied ?' ' No ; the whole crowd of customers hunted 'em up Sunday and married them.' Uncle Isom was whitewashing an old, dilapi dated house, the interior of which had a ghostly appearance, and a gentleman said to the old regro — 'Isom. ain't you afraid of ghosts?' ' No, sir, dat I ain't, young master,' was the reply, as the old man's face loomed up with a Ettile. 'You are not?' 'No, sah. Dir are to ghosts.' 'How do you know?' 'Case, sah, when a person dies dey go to heaben or purgatory, or one or de udder.' 'Yes?11 ' And if dey goes to purgatory dey can't get e way ; an' ef dey goes to heaben dey don't want ter get away an' cum back er scollopin' roun' dis world. I'ee too old to let dat kind er mes merism' bizzineBB bodder me.' A newspaper proprietor advertised for an advertisement canyaeEer, and his test of their fitness as they applied was to tell them to get out of the office that instant, or he would kick them out. Several timid young men turned, tail and left him with great disgust ; but one, more brazen- faced than the rest, nothing daunted by the threat, coolly sat himself down and said he would not go until his testimonials had been read. So he locked the door, put the key in his pocket, and handed in his papsrs. ' Ah I' said the advertiser, ' Yon'll do, I can see. I don't want testimonials ; your style is enough for me. No one will ever succeed as an advertisement canvasser who will be influenced by a threat to be kicked out of any office.' An English bishop recently told the follow ing story : — He had gone down into the country to visit a charitable institution, into which poor lads bad been drafted from the east end of London, and in addressing them he congratu lated them on tbe delights of their new resi dence. The boys looked unaccountably gloomy and downcast, and the bishop kindly asked— 'Are you not comfortable? Have you any complaints to make?' At last the leader raised his hand. ' The milk, my lord.' ' Whyr what on earth do you mean? Tbe milk here is tenfold better than ever you had in London !'* 'No, indeed, it ain't?' cried the boy. 'Irr London they always buys our milk out of a nice clean shop, and here — why, here they squeeges it cut of & beastly cow !' Two ladies, on entering a house in Belgravia to attend an afternoon party, were accosted by a well- dressed gentleman, who said— 'I pre sume you. are going to Lady C.'s?' and they went in together. Although the lady of the house did not recognise the gentleman, she concluded that he had been duly invited, as he accompanied her friends. After a handsome silver service had been placed upon the table the hostess was called out of the room for a few minuteB, and during her absence the gentleman, eaid to the company — ' I'll play a trick upon my aunt !' and at the same time proceeded to fill his pockets with silver spoons, cream- jug-, sugar-basin, &&, and hastily left the apartment. Shortly afterwards Lady O. returned, and said ? with some surprise— 'I thought the servant bad brought in all tne tea service!' ' xes, replied one of the two ladies ; ' but your nephew said he would play a trick upon yon,, and carried off most of the articles.' 'My nephew I' exclaimed her ladyship, ' I have no nephew in the world. I thought the gentleman was a friend of yours 5' A young gentleman happening to sit at church in a pew adjoining one in which sat a young lady, for whom he conceived a sudden, and violent passion, was desirous of entering iato a couitEhip on the spot, but the place not Euiting a formal declaration the exigency of the case suggested the following plan : — He politely hand ed his fair neighbor a Bible (open) with a pin . stnek in the following text. Second Epistle of St. John, verse 5— 'And now I beseech thee,. lady, cot aB though I wrote a new command ment unto thee, but that which we had from, the beginning, that we love one another.' She- . returned it, pointing to the second chapter of Entb, veiBe 10— 'Then she fell on her face and bowed herself to the ground, and said onto him. — -* Why have I found grace in thine eyes, that t hon should'Bt take knowledge of me, seeing I tm a stranger?'' He returned the book, j ointing to the 13th verae of the Third Epistle of John—' I had many thingB to write. I will ) ot with pen and ink write unto thee, but I ltust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall i peak face to face.' From the above interview a marriage took place the ensuing week. Thefollowiog story is told of anundergtaduate cf Trinity about 49 yean back. One night, V eing engaged to an in -college supper, he un fortunately did not reach the gate till five minutes past 10, (After 10 no out-college man conld enter, nor could any in-college man go out. ) The young man, however, rang the bell f and to him appeared a vision of an under porter's face reconnoitring through the peep hole, of course refusing admittance, and saying — 'It's as much as my place ia worth, Mr. B., to let yon in.' To him B., persuasively — 'Will a sovereign do it?' The temptation was too great. 'Well, Mr. B.,' said the janitor, ' slip it under the gate, sir.' Tbe coin duly appearing, the gate was gently opened; bnt no sooner was B. inside than, seizing the unfortunate porter by the collar, he hurled hnrk into the street and barred him out. 'Oh, Mr. B.,' he died, 'Mr. B., for Heaven'* sake, sir, let me in, sir — its as much an my place is worth.!' To him B., master of the situation, from witton — 'Aaovereign will do it: slip it under tha gate.' The coin duly arriving, the porter waa readmitted, and B. went to enliven the supper party with his story. 18 