$ide Ligpg , OF AUSTRALIAN SOCIETY. (BY BtrFFBEH.) "MORELAND IS DEAD." They wore called the twins, but they gained the titlo from their constant companionship, not from their blood relationship. John Moroland was the artist, and Pholim Began tho journalist, Morelnnd had wealthy relatives in England, and his talent bnoked by their influence was sufficient to have procured him a loading position amongst artists, probably a place finally amongst tho R.A. Forty, but his Bohemianism was too strong for him to sottlo down to steady work, and his friends, after bearing with him for some years, wore only too glad to got rid of him by assisting him to go to Australia, when the whim seized him. Began had passed his examination for the law, and had been oallcd to the Bar at Dublin, but he had never praotlscd, His writings for the Nationalist Press, had necessitated his sudden departure to the United States, and from thence he had drifted to Sydney. For some yearn they prospered so far as earning plenty of money wont, and tho piotorlal jokes of tho one were considered by tho public ns indispensablo adjuncts of the literary pas_ qulnades of the other. Gradually however, their bac chanalian Tevolry degenerated into sheer intomperanoe and only one nowspapor would have anything to do with such unreliable contributors. To make matters worse Moroland, who had marrlod ton yonrs ago, had now five children to find bread for as well. His wifo, a aheerful hard-working little woman, who had been a lingor in a minstrel company, and took it quite as a' matter of course that her clever husband, of whom ' ) sho was immensely proud, should spend so much of his earnings in gotting intoxloatod with boon aompanionst that ofton she had to pinch horsolf and tho children's dinners to pay tho rent, In his sol fish way Moroland appreciated his wlfo's devptlon, and Bogan who was a baoholor, showed his appreciation of hor solf-saorifloo by frequently handing hor a couple of pound notes or bo, which ho solomuly averred ho had borrowed from hor husbnud. The reward ho obtained for this little fiction was to hoar Mrs. Moroland ovary now and then take hor husband to task for londing money to his reek lass assoalnto at a time whan ho doclnred ho hnd'nt got ft shilling with wkiah to buy boots for tho children, MAU'i'iflHa' got vory Unci as tlmo wont on, Xloth Moroland and ltogan had drawn on tho business mana gor of tlio papor thoy contributed to until that liar rnasod Individual rosolutoly doollnod to mako any further advaneos until tlio overdraft was roduood, Tho odltor at tho auiuo time Uoolarod tlmt their work waa not up to tho mark, and hnd rofuaod to lusort aovoral of their oontrlbutlona, " XhbLi you what It In, my boy," said Rogan, one hot nftornoon, as ho 'and Moroland woro slowly dipping colonial alo, with tho< doapondonoy bogat of tho kuow« lodge that thoy had not a alxponco loft to rodll tliolr glnNNON, "Well, what In It?" cpiurlod Moroland, as ttogan had rulapaud Into sllonoo without oomplotlng IiIn Hontonoo, " Yich, tlmb will'lotah thorn," oxolnlmod Rognn, p Suddon doauuuo of Mr, John Morulimcl, tho popular onrtoonlBt. I'll wrlto your obltunry, nutl, nCtor com pnrlng your Hkotahud to OruikHhmik, Looah, Doylo, Da Muurlur, and nny otlior funioua blnok unci whlto worker .1 oun think of, I shall atnto that iv hiiuiII numhor of un publlkthod drawings will ho Hold for tho bonolll, of your widow niul InI'n(iL I'nmlly. I'roporly workuil that Iduu will bring In u hundred pounds or ho," —-II — ,« ai.i, right, my dunr follow, ropllod Morolnnd, but I hlmll ourlalnly doollno to go to grass with my tons up, In onlor to onublo you to muUo a gulnoiv out of writing my obituary," " I AM too well acquainted with your selfishness to expect you to do such a thing," retorted Began. "But there is no necessity to put your friendship to such a test. You are soberer now than you hare been for the past fortnight. Go round to the chief scribe, nnd complain of feeling thoroughly broken up, and ask for a fiver to go and spend a fortnight with the wife's relatives in the Blue Mountains. Jfo won't give it to J you ; but after he has seen your presont pallid visago, I shall be able to work the rest." Mohelaud went to the editor, find was promptly refused the advance. With a deep sigh he at onoe loft the office, a proceeding so unusual that tho editor was startled and half inclined to call him back, feeling that he must be ill not to be importunate. The next afternoon Eegan entered tho sanctum, unrolled sketch of Moreland's and remarked, " Poor Jack must; be as bad as he looks, or ho would novor be sobor enough to draw like this in the morning." The editor guilelessly confessed that he hnd been struck by tho haggnrd look of Moroland. " Amoraia, my boy, an romia. He'll go off like an overgrown mushroom if ho does not get change of air at once," cheerfully replied Eegan. The result of the interview was that Ecgan executed a wild pax do «cnl at tho bar of the Bay View Hotel as ho cashed a cheque for ten pounds, the signa ture to which the landlord had proved by onquiry at the bank to be the editor's own. Two days afterwards Eegan rusliod into tho office of the Di»2>cttoh just as tho editor had completed writing his leading article. With a voice broken by emotion Ecgan handed the editor a little bundlo of manuscript saying, " Poor Moroland. Dopartod this afternoon. My poor trlbuto to his worth. Think of his young widow and children, and lot this obituary go In to morrow's issue, Tho editor was surprised at tho sudden announcement, and boforo ho had recovered from his surprise at tho death of Moroland Eegan had dis appeared, Tho editor glanood over tho obituary notice, and saw that it was written in Eogan's bost stylo—n roally vory interesting artlolo, with a fow inuondoa that after all tho subject was more tho victim of fato than "his own enemy," Tho obituary was published, and tho publlo road it with groat intorost. Othor nowspnpers re- printed it, and ton days aftorwards tho rooms of tho loading auotlonoor of tho city woro crowded with sympathising people, aagor to purohaso a skotoh or two by an artist so tnlontod whoso oaroor had boon soromantlo, The auotlonoor soon gob to business, unci bids woro running high, wlion nu oil (landscape was pub up. ■purchasers did not rush for this work of art, Indood the nuotlonoor couldn't got a bid, and was about to order It to bo passocl In, wlion thoro was a sauflllng at tho doorway, Pooplo turned round to soo what tlio disturbance was, and someone called out In a sur« prised tone—" Why, It's Jook Moioland, or his ghost I" It was Jaek hlmsolf, speoohlossly Intoxicated, Thoro was at ilrst an Inclination on tho part of bhoso who had purahasod skotohos to resent angrily Jack's rot urn to IIfo and Intoxication, bub tho majority rogardod tho affair as a joko, though of oourso the salo was at au ond, Tho editor was furious at tho hoax playod upon him, and, as a punlshmont, ho doolarod that Morolaiul should romalu dufunot, Ho would publish no tnoio skotohrs undor his slgnaturo, neither would ho niaku an explanation of tho affair In tho papor, Some mouths afturwards tho editor rooolvod a letter from a firm of solloltors In London, stating that cno of their ollonts had dlud, and by his will loft a 6onsldor« ablo sum of money to a nophow, ono John Moroland, The solicitors had asoortalnod that Morulatul for many yours had boon artist to tho JJlujxUoh, and on referring to lllus of that paper tliuy had road tho obltuary notloo of that talented artist. Gould tho editor Inform them of thu whuroabouts of the lato Mr, Moruland's widow and family.' The editor forwarded the letter without comment fo Morelaiul, —t—. 11 Hmiou'm a prutfy tlx," exclaimed llogau, as ho read tho letter with Moroland, " It only needs a registrar's ourfllloato to prove a man dead, but to prove that you arc alive will, may bu, oust as much as thu legacy Is worth," 