Tales and Sketches. An Autumnal Story. (Concluded from our last issue.) It is late in the summer, but Incognita is still in town though she has talked of Baden, Kissengen, Carlsbad, Ischl, Switzzerland, to say nothing of a dozen other places ; yet she is still here—I wonder why. I find her, as usnal, in her bondoir. The tea is there, the piano is open, the violin lies on a chair; the everlasting embroidery with the impossible menagerie is on the work-table; Shah is stretched at full length upon the balcony, disregarding the probability of sunstroke with the headstrong imprudence of extreme youth; all the thousand and one trifles connected with this woman, which by slow degrees and the association of her presence have initiated my sceptical, celibate brain into the mystical signification of that word " home," are there, and she herself sits in an escritoire, writing busily, as the old crusader announces me. "One moment only," she says as I enter, not looking up. I make no reply, for we have long since passed the stage of conversational no- things ; I watch her hand moving swiftly over the paper, while her black brows are knitted thoughtfully. The letter finished, she rings, and hands it, with emphatic instructions in her native tongue to the venerable Paul. I catch the words "Lord Kenilworth" repeated twice. Paul departs, and she turns to me with outstretched hand. "How grave you look; are you pondering upon weighty cares of state ? What are you thinking about ?" As a matter of fact, I am thinking that I should like to take her there and then in my arms to my heart; and enlist her sweet sympathy on behalf of my forlorn condition ; but even to her I dare not tell the bare absolute truth. Rarely, rarely, is that blessed privilege ours, and perhaps on the whole it is as well. "At that moment I was thinking that I wished I knew Hungarian." "Shall I teach you ?" she asks pouring out my tea. "I am too old to learn." She does not soothe me by any emphatic disclaimer, but says composedly, "that is a very poor excuse. I knew a man who began to learn Russian when he was fifty five." "How far did he get before he gave up the ghost ?" "He spoke fluently when I knew him He was then seventy." "That is encouraging ; I will begin to- morrow." "In the meantime, come for your tea." I go obediently, just as Shah goes, when she presently places a saucer of milk on the floor for him. ., I; sit near her on a low stool which I effect, and pray Bilently that no one may interrupt our peaceful tete-a-tete. For some time my prayers are answered ap parently, bat suddenly Abe tramp of horses' feet is heard before the door: we 1 are in the midst of a discussion, which in- 1 terests me immensely, especially as Incog nita's eyes are bent upon her work, jand I am thus at liberty to admire, to my heart's content, the grateful poise of her compact coil-encircled little head. A ring at the bell betrays me involun tarily into an energetic " Confound it !*' j and I hasten humbly to apologise, as she ] serenely enquires of me what is the mat ter. " Only that someone has arrived. I wanted so much to hear the end of what you were saying." " I do not receive to-day," she answers i quietly ; as she speaks the carriage drives I off. " I am going out presently, and I am not quite well. I wanted to he quiet." " Where are you going, if it is not an impertinent question ?" " I am going to play for the edification of some poor people in a very unfashion able locality." " You are not going alone," I say with a premature air of proprietorship. " With Paul. '0?i, I have often been before." " What are you going to play ?" " Something that makes a good noise— -xnzsfsitnapsoay, pernaps win juv. and hear me ?" It is only a long time afterwards that 1 learn how well Incognita's dark$brdoghatn is known in some of these unfashionable ■ localities. A hook lies on the sofa at her side : I take it up, it is Heine's song hook ; the carriage incident has interrupted our dis cussion, of which we both seem to have mislaid the thread. • I have already, I think, modestly in sinuated that I am a fair linguist: I pride myself especially upon my success in wrestling with the intricacies of the Ger man tongue. "How beautiful these are!" I say oracularly, turning over the leaves. " What a wonderful fellow he was ; the wit, humour, and sparkle of a Frenchman, the pathos, sentiment, and wisdom of a German ; the style of himself, that is inimitable! Listen to this, how perfect, what an epitome-of parting, of misery, of wasted lives. * Ein Fichtenbaum '" " Oh ? not that poor old Fichtenbanm," cries my cultured Incognita with a laugh that disconcerts me and plunges my en thusiasm into the coldest water, " it has been done into every language under the sun; everyone quotes, misquotes, tran- : slates, mutilates, and otherwise maltreats < that long-suffering Fichtenbaum." " I thought you had a soul that could appreciate true poetry," I murmur very feebly. " So I have ; and that soul rebels when anything so lovely, so perfect is done to death, as those eight lines of Heine's have been." I feel snubbed ; there is a soupcon of asperity, of bitterness about her to- day which I have never seen before ; I medi tate upon its possible cause as I dip into —- . ' " Bead something to me," she says pre sently. " I might make another unfortunate selection," I reply, still aggrieved. " Try ; I am out of tune to-day ; I have been annoyed; I am not inclined to talk." "What annoyed you?" I cannot help asking, though I am aware it is very im politic. " Never mind—read." Habit has become second nature—I obey. I read one poem after the other— I really can read poetry rather well, with out looking, I believe too much like a fool. Finally I -come across those verses, matchless ! think for tender pathos, in which Heine, bed-ridden, helpless, for lorn, dying, recounts how a dream of his youth comeB to mock at him cruelly amidst the miseries of what he used to call his mattress-grave. It commences, " In Traume war ich wieder jung und mooter," and tells how under these happy conditions he wan dered in his dreams with Ottilie hand-in hand, down the mountain side; how, vanquished by her beauty, her goodness, he asks her to marry him, so that he may be happy and grow pure and holy even as she is, how, as she is just about to answer he wakes, to find Ottilie a memory—him self a suffering, helpless cripple, "seit manchem Jahr. As I end I am ashamed to say—so, I am distinctly not ashamed to say—there is a break in my voice, caused by a most unusual sensation in my throat, which I endeavour to cover with a cough and an abortive aneeze; Hook at Ottilie:—I mean Incognita; a tear glistens on the hideous high-art griffin her fingers are creating, another is falling from her long lashes; her hand trembles, her bosom is less tranquil, her lips quiver, and I know she cannot speak ; my lady's stately, calm repose is ruffled at last—and all by a simple poem of poor, dead Heine's. My lipB seem to take upon themselves to act independently of my brain; in voluntarily, almost unconsciously I repeat two lines of that never-to-be- sofficiently blessed poem. "Heirathe mich und sei mein Weib, Ottilie, j Damit ich fromm wie Du und glucklich j sei." My voice trembled, and perturbed as I am, I yet notice that there is a note in it which I have not heard for many long j years. She gives me a swift glance through her dew-laden lashes, in which I think I read reproach, perhaps depreca tion, but assuredly no auger. I take courage, and at the same moment posses sion of a crewel-working hand, thus in terrupting at a critical inBtant the com pletion of the griffin's near fore-paw ; the hand makes no effort at escape. '*0111118—answer me." " You are dreaming—like Heine." " Do not let my awakening be as bitter as his." (I flatter myself that was very " neat" considering the toying circumstances.) She shakes her head, " It is too late— < I am an old woman—fifteen years too late ' " Ottilie." The beautiful eyes meet mine for a second, grow shy and fail beneath them ; " Heine has a great deal to answer for," she whispers; and I lay my lips and my grizzled moustache on the white velvet hand 1 hold in mine, reverently—without one treacherous regret for my lost liberty. tfo the end of our lives I shall never call her anything but Ottilie. In a few months I stand before the altar in the sacrificial temple close to Han over Square—that identical temple at which in my unregenerate days I have so often pointed the finger of scorn—with. Ottilie, lilac-robed, lovely, self- possesaad, at my side. An apoplectic lawn-sleeved dignitary makes us one ; my brother is best man ; my friends have outdone each other in irreverent chaff; butl know each individual one envieB me in his heart, and I am tranquil and happy. No one can accuse me of having mar ried in haste, and I can confidently affirm that I have not yet begun to repent at leisure. Not long after my execu—I mean my rumours of Kenilworth's ap proaching nuptials reach us, upon which occasion Ottilie makes a remark of doubt less profound wisdom, if a little obscure. " I hope," she says severely, " that matrimony will reform the ill-regulated ideas of that young man—a few months ago he wanted to marry his grandmother." " Really I" I ask across the top of the Times. *' Really! and what is more curious still, the very same idea occurred to you on the very same day—it must have been a sort of epidemic." I arise and administer summary chas tisement to my grandmother. 