[?] h, o-..; ; .ti h 1 The f.v.: .,t « " i ':t . K . Vim \- d by "Da;:;, rj- \ ..» ' «i on cLe u.r-. x " ! . b-j iood- v.'vd. : ./a rood, w.j'; s.i ft.'.- m c f. "and n- .>' ir\ i L . Dela- ihit. I...-.--. Mi... ra 0; . have b-iL '.vr tn.i - r oogs. 3'b-r- y t. I.e. n-'h -.r made Mi firv. r-.;j: :j,.- t ' norn- ing (xueauay), i-wwy Lid- diogton has been spurting four and five furlongs. Stag and rthe remainder of the team have all done nsenl work. Connolly, who eeems to have the jumping establishment on this side of tbe city, has been exercitinir a hoiee bv The Diver over the big sticks, wbiob he seems to take to kiodly. Lady Ashton, Sweetmeat, Nabock- lisb, and Backer bain all done sonnd work over two and three miles. The former has on one occasion bad tbe assistance of Corrigan. Mai quia of Waterford has also been moving along on tbe tan. Roy bas done serviceable work over & mile and a half and two miJee. Eugenie, Belbzsbub, The Loafer, and Upptr Cruet are all going well over five fcrlonwe. f Foulebam's Marmikn, who is beginning to look well, has been given strong work over three miles. Silvermine and Gentility have been striding along en the tan, while Lady Lovell and Rosewood brushed over five and six forlongs. Chicago, who looks none the worse for his defeat in the Newmarket, has compassed six furlongs in fair time. of. the most improved horses here is Kohai, who seems to improve after every race. With Traban in the saddle he hae done some serviceable exercise on the tan and grata over a mile. Fernandez has hie portion on the tan at half pare. King has got Fume looking well. He hsfl . e long, useful work on the tan. Reticent, who is beginning to look a bit ship-shape, baa been putting In slow paoe exercise on tbe tan. Haraer'a string, viz., Nectarine, Tabby, Forsaken, Carnival, Jaliaa Gray, a steeple chaser by Boataman, and Uncas have com- Eleted good work on the grass and tan, the itter striding along fer a mile on one or two oooarions. Newaaster has done tbe best gallop here over six furlongs in ocmpany with Poor Jim , and Gasburner, the latter bringing him along the last oonple of furicng. Carter's Sydney has been sent useful mile , work. Ambassadress and Favo have put . in three-quarter paoe. Benoe sent Gadland (theooltby liberator), First Pop, and Footman striding exercise from a mile up to a inMe g quarter. Gildy has also done good, sound work. Leek's Master John, Miss Parnell, Book- with, and Dugio, hen been sporting over j Moran' Rufrof tbe Weft and Jim Cain piave hers mrtrnhg along over u mite and a oQgr -.j-. Jsnlf SforniQ, Welter, Viotor, GmVIq F'uiieus, Phenomenon, end Oar- xihjgtoD, have pnt in neefol work on the sand and tan. ... . . Beid's Graos Darling has done useful work over a mile and a half in company with Hot Iron. The Ghost has bden allotted mild Kitty Fisher, LUhologist and Marl borough, have been cantering. Davis' David, Dexter (Daystar, who has been ajpelling), MeetsAaum, and Dloy, have 801 ie useful work over a mUe. Campbell's Highland Ohief has been pottering along gently- Allen has been do&ig; strong wotk over four and five forioogs Sn oompauy with Blondin, who generuly finishes the mile. Agnes bas also dons strong exsroise over a mile. Kelly's pair of hurdle racers — Vanderbilt and Revenge— look fresh and well, and have been striding along over two miles on the tan. Energy, Bridegroom, and Lord Coch rane have been striding along from six fur longs np to a mile. Beo Bolt has been allotted mild exercise on the sand. Goloo, who is beginning to settle down a tut, has done long, slow paoe exercise. Deep regret is felt here for Mrs. W. M'Lsod, whose husband was very mnoh respected. At tbe Beaooo6field Races on Friday the principal handicap was won by Warrior. Benoe baa got a oouple of new additions to his string in Gozz, by Kettledrum, and & full sister to Riohworth. A COBREBPOKDSOT writes to Vanity Fair : " For the truth of tbe following anecdote as lo Fred. Archer I can vouch, as I had tbe facts from a near relative, by marriage, of tho late horseman. An old widow in very poor circumstances, residing in a small country town, wrote to arencr a won time only before his death, aod asked him to put the sum of five ahilUags upon tome horse for ber in a race then coming off. In her letter the poor woman abated that she had an old crown-piece given to ber by her mother, and that she, being very poor, wished to try and make some money of it. She added that she could not afford to lose it, and wished Mr. Archer to place it upon a hone that would be sure to win. I am not aware that Archer knew the writer of the letter even by eight, though the town in which she resides was well known to him ; but he was kind enough to answer tbe epistle, aod, what was better, gave the old dame a piece of excellent advice. He advised her to keep her crown-piece, by no means to risk it, and not lo dabble in borse-racing. Besides this, the kindly-hearted fellow inclosed in his leLter a sovereign, as a solatium for the unpalatable advice he was forced to give. Poor Archer was always ready with his money when distress in any shape tugged at his coat-skirts, and this is only one of many generous acta on his part." Mb. A G. Humby, formerly with Messrs. Barker and Co., London, coach builders to Her Majesty tbe Queen, now manager of the Fitzroy Carriage; Company, has designed a dog cart of an almost entirely new pattern, and which is, in many respects, a great im provement on the ordinary vehicle of that make. It is fitted with a pole, so as to allow of two horses being driven in it, and with shafts, should one horse only be required. The pole is adjusted on a new principle, which prevents any jolting from tbe motion of the horses, no matter at what pace they may be driven. Tbe balance is eo nicely ad justed that no weight is thrown onto the horsc6, even when going down hill. The vehicle is also fitted with a powerful foot brake, which may, by a special arrange ment, be used as a check when the driver alights. For determining tbe exeot position in wbioh the ecats ehould be placed to maintain tbe balance a new prin ciple h&B; been adopted, wbich is simple aod eitily applied. The eprings are attached to the body by means of au improved india- rubber shackle, by which means &U; jamag or nnple&e;&nt; vibration is obviated. The de» signer has had a cart built on the model de scribed, in wbich be now drives a pair of ponies, in order to demonstrate that two horses may be used with opmfort and eafety in a two- wheeled vehicle. The whole of the improvements are to be natented. and the vehicle will be known as Quoiby's Vxotorlen Pslo Cart. Fuller particulars ore given in our advertising columns. Tom Lamond, (he well-known Zetland Lodge trainerjweg, on the 5th inst., eleoted an alderman of Waterloo, New South Wales. Voluptuary, who won the Grand National in 1884, bBS rejoined Ryan's team at New market, and as he is quite sonod he will, no doubt, be trained for next year's big cross country event. When Voluptuary won be upset a deeply-rooted theory with regard to Grand Nationals. It was an article of faith that no horse except an experienced chaser ever won over the Aintree "line," but Voluptuary had never run iu a steeplechase prior to hie appear an oe at Liverpool. As a eon of Cremorae and Miss Evelyn he had been looked on as a promising colt when owned by Lord Rosebery, and he won three races worth nearly £2000 &b; a three-year- old, but he bcoame unoertain (writes an English exchange) was weeded out, and passed into tho charge of the brothers Wilson. Iu the hands of Mr. E. P. "Wilson, Voluptuary jumped (he Aintree course without onoe putting a foot wrong and won easily. In a billiard match of 1000 up, recently played at the Westminster Aquarium, London, between Peall and Collins, the latter receiving 300 polnt6, Collins did not acore a single point, at after the game bad been tpeued with the customary misses, tbe giver of points ran up 140, and then, following a failure to score by his opponent, went out w«tb an unfinished innings of 861 (129, 14, and 131 spots) a winner by 690 points. 