Brevities. Geese! Burglars sent to roost. Beautiful snow in the west Foresters meet Tuesday night. Orangeman's sports a grand success. Sons of Temperance meet Monday night. Roast beef plentiful and free at St. Mary's today. Tenders close to day for parsonage at St. Mary's. Plymoth ground to the frunt. Alas ! poor Victoria Square. Wesleyan Church at Mount Druitt al- most completed. Druids meet Wednesday night in the Temperance Hall. The approaches to Mount Druitt Station are simply horrid. It is much the better plan to pay your midwife cheefully. The Bulli Disaster Relief Fund now amounts to £38,300. Mr. Heard was heard in court, the geese should have been herded. Over 60 people visited the Luddenham Ghost scene on Sunday last. The embankment at Mount Druitt siding is being proceeded with at last. Eight cases of oranges taken from one tree at Mr. W. Baxter's, Mount Druitt. The prettiest flowering scrub in the dis- trict is to he soon at Mrs. Paul's, Colyton. The Bingera Diamond Company, with a capital of £90,000, is being floated in Lon- don. The final deposit for the Beach and Hanlan match next November has been paid. Mr. A. J. Parcell, the cheap draper, has opened a branch establishment at Spring- wood. David Buchanan's speeches are printed in book form, entitled "An Australian Orator." The police run a man in for profane language. Who is to run the police in for the same offence. There was commotion in Katoomba over the miners strike. Miners generally strike, it is a kind of way they have. A decided improvement is noticeable in the Sydney boot trade—the demand for labor is greater than the supply. The Rev. J. Soper (soft soaper) says there are 100,000 single men in New South Wales, and adds, it is the women's fault. Messrs. Seymour and Co. were the suc- cessful tenderers for the assets in the as signed estate of Mr. G. F. Dempsey. The Penrith Bench takes about as much notice of a solicitor's address as a society young lady does of a charity sermon. Shaw, the ruthless destroyer of female affections was a promonent. member of the "Harmy" in Woolongong. Haleloolyar.[sic] A correspondent informs us that there are about a dozen of the worst men in the colony to be dealt with in connection with the Katoomba strike. St. Marys athletic sports and bullock roast to-day. Ransley and Priddle run special trips, leaving Penrith at 9.30 and 10.30 a.m. Return fare 2s. A Turk named Sabat was on Monday at Adelaide Police Court, fined five guineas, and two guineas costs, for selling indecent photos, on the Exhibition premises. Ono of the huts at Katoomba Valley was. fired on Wednesday. The police there have strong suspicions on one man, who will likely soon be brought to justice. The Church at Katoomba was broken into on Tuesday and the missionary money box stolon, containing a considerable amount, the collection of the poor little children for a considerable time past. Sir Charles MichelI, in his report on the Tongan difficulty, says that the King promised to grant freedom of worship to the Wesleyans. Sir Charles threatened to depose Mr. Shirley Baker. A sad case of suicide is reported from Wollongong, a domestic servant named Isabella Thompson having poisoned herself with "Rough on Rats." The evidence at the inquest showed that she had been dastardly treated by a young man to whom she was engaged to be married. On Wednesday last over twenty men were working in the Katoomba mine making good wages. They are all engaged under the new agreement. About thirty of the old miners at Katoomba are most anxious to go to work only one or two union agitators prevent them by threats. 