"THE E?CAPED NUN" REUVIEWED. To the Editor of the Queensland Times. Sln,-The letter signed "Lovers of Pece" de. serves the community's warmest approbation. The gentlemen editing its beautiful enunciations are oearthy our profoundest gratitudes and admiration. That well-timed and wisely-worded message is oil generously poured out on the swelling spirit of Catholic and Protestant indignation, rushing from opposite quarters. and promising to wreck our social andl religione repose. " Blessed are the peace-makers, for they shall be called the children of God." But the sowers of discords among brethren God declares tihat tlis soul dlrteste. Quite irrespective of the truly Christian uneetion of that letter, it proves its authors seized of the highest political sagacity, by the com promises it sho,?as that citizenship and patriotism re quire of all persua-ions in the eosununity in the mute rests of civic cordialities. A few days sine , I got the lectuo er's hook into my hands, anud, in a f.v gla:ceas, struck upon wea:. I shall leave my readers to clsarpeterie.. 'age 32- -' If a sister, without, leave of a superior, should give to another a picture. a book. flower, pin, or needle, she woulf sin mortally." The Catholic doctrine on sin is that, to constitute a mortal sin (capable, like St. Paul's enoumeration of murder, fornication, drunk enness ,& , which excludes from the beatific vision after death), three elements are essential : I. Gravity of matter. 2\. Cognisance of th gravity. 3\. The defiance o' fall consent. The Catholic and natural ethics otf morality teach that there is nothing had in letself-all human acts are in themeelves indifferent unless qualified by motive or duty. It is the irregularity as to time, place, person, justice, precept., or will that affects toe mornality of our acts: end Catholicity itaches that three elem ttse excuse from sin, or venialhse it I. Parvity of matter. 2\. Invincible ignorance. 3\. Inadvertence or want of consent. It thus appears that, by Catholic teaching, the sin re- ides in the malice orirregularity of the will rather tlhan in soany special act. But thenact must beagrave one. Cutholicity does not teach G .d within or with. out a coouvent as solicitous to make our daily in advertenettesorlitt'e prevaricutitls dalnable crimes. Page :7 : St. Liguuri is quoted as writing. "If a nsu raceives a command which is criminal, it is better to obey, because the responsilbilty of theit sin commanded will r at upon the superitr who gave the command." This fixes nmc. for I know it is coo tuary to tile plainest and most insistsent teaching of the COtholic Church, which we all know has per nuaded her children to endure so much for conscienc tske. It is so manifestly immortal and wicked that this master of moral tiheology if lihet ed these words. inust have antecedensty definled criminal to he what a scrupulous young soul's false euonsciece conjures up to lie criminal, and which in reality is a virtunns deed. I shall look up this quotation, if I can get the hook from a nun. Any clergyman or r ligious person will aver that no vows bind outside the rules and constitutions of the order. The reach of the vows varies with the intetpretationes gives by the written rules and practices. But. in doubtful ca.es, it is a practical san safe rule for the inferior to follosw his superior's decision. solliers ault all snujjeet to authority are thus lvoundI. But no authority, the plainest common sense tells us can Itind u towhat wveknowis c'rimis?se. Thlecosncience is alove Pope, Moses, or St. Ligouri, and, if it does not see its way to asubit its prieate lights to the lights of other consiences, thlere is nothing left it but ton acept the marterldom or pen slty attaching to its own cosnceits. Th at cltintet r .1 ladies antd their brothers in tto priesthood an I out of it don't accuse St. Ligouri of an immoral heresy. and leave the duty to Miss Edith, is to me a g eat nineteenth century mnonstrosity. Page 33: A legend is quoted: An illiterate ser. vant monk acquired a Book of Psalms, and kept it furtively, contrary to rule as.l vow. and his ghost declared its damnation for its offence .gaiust the vow of poverty. Comment: Books in the mIonk's days were all wriat-n and very costly, whicl coat must he .nsotiplied he 12 or 2J to at present equiva. lettts in money. We read n thi 'l'estament that Anauias anti aphlira., by a promise to GotJ, resigned their property. but ptivately de:taiued som', and instant death was the result. Ifa man gives another his property, it is the eth, r's. In like manner, if a monuk vows avav his claim to property, it is theft to pilfer it back. How much more so, if it were never his own? Now, as to the legends :-A statement coming to our acceptance is not to be rejected for its oovelty or improbability. The crow of a hen may he as much a fact as the stability of a mountain or the shudders of an earthquake. Ourconcern is with the chain of evidence and the judgment and veracity that belongs to ev ry link in the chain. We can't follow up this chain. But notwithstanding the in inouations of the text surrounding the legend, theft a theft, even though the thing unduly appropriated n a BSS. of the Psalms or the rod of Anton. The llhow hod no right to the book, and his ghost came back to say so, according to the legend. R.I.P. Pago 37, and throughout, there is cant ashout uperioir persons having to obey inferior ones. This a twio.sister to the Lollardism-that thosu in sic 'ere diequalified from holding property or away over the saints. Page 33 : We are told nuns cannot give a starving beggar a crust, without permission, asked on knee, froim the snperior-and this is hard to get. I guess, f the kind creatures coull give ad libitum, or at dis. cretion, their vow was snon eel, and the convent and sisterhood would soon be pilfered hare. I know for a fact that Sister De Sales Gerry, daughter of our re epected Gerry, .Pl'., did give a poor fellow she tended nine weeks in the Hospital his lodgings paid iere for a week and IOs. to take him to his friends, in Brisbane. Site either got that from a stony rev. inoter or by intercession with her father. I know ,he referred the patient there, anyhow. The religious ,isters are not all deltrionists and impotent for good by the thaldroms of their profession. Page 35 : Nuns are forbidden to shake their relatives' hands or greet their friends in the street. I have visited convents, having cousins there as boarders and pensioners I have shaken hands with nuns ; and a friend of mine told that a certain waggiashnun having offered hint the hand covered with ie hem of her dress, he offered her his, in equal waggery, covered with the tail of his coat. Nuns have renounced the endearments of girlish fondness, expressly substituting for the amenities so dear to women the charities of the fever-ward, the plague tent, and battlefield. The choice is their own : their gentle services and great eacrifices are the blessings of the eflticted. Instead of scowl or pity, they deserve all the best salutations of men. They are the honour of womanhood; they are the specinlties of Christian law ; they have been ever the continuators of the devout women who tended the Saviour : they have bartered for heaven the sweet. neas of earth; and the book of Miss Edith O'Gorman, in my opinion, misunderstands and,there fore, misrepresents, their case to society. Again thanking the brave and wise "Lovers of Peace," I am, &c.;, J. MURPHY. P.S.-I have looked up "The Nun Sanctified," hut could not find Ed. O'Gorman's quotation or its substance; but found, page 422-" St. Bernard says that, whatever a man holding the place of God com. maonds, owhen toe arc t certain thal it is di pleasinl to God, ought to be received as if commanded by God himselt ;" and page 147-"' St. John Climachus says, instead of questioning the reasonableness of a superior, she should defend their expediency and reject thoughts against obedience as those against chastity." Perhaps her husband. Professor Auffray, in the course of his studies for the French priest hood, met the sentiments somewhere as attributed to the great Catholic saint, and was thus enlightened on the errors of Rome. J.J.M. 