ORE AND UNLIKE." — — ' ; Bj M. Bi BR4DDON, Intbot ol Luiy iudiey'o S«C»|,' Vyllhrd'a Wolrd,' ' " ®t0" ' ft XXXIX-JCoxTrnim 1 tena «££ cleat aud lightan faoe to taoe with unsophisticated nature, Val/ said b A '"1:. who . 'hroughcat tbii conversation «. P611 with ineffable tendfimeu. « Ynn rB the memory of yottr ebteow wffi he softened in tbatfar-ofl mosphere. You will Ibok back npon yonr vJ?n ?n JfentIy» as we member the dead, xou i will have opportunities of helping others Vn««5ivu\ brave and generous deeds. Xou will be t orn again, a better and a wiser man. My brother-— my beloved brother, ! ih 5 alf of myself, I have infinite faith yon yet.' He laid hishahd caress logly upon his brother's shoulder. He felt as if a great burden was lifted off his heart by this conversation of to-night. For the first time since the catastrophe that had wrecked both their lives, the brothers had spoken together freely. It was like a re newal of brotherly love. My dear Adrian, yon are a great deal too good to me/ said Valentine, ana this from Dim was muoh. 3u mast go away, Val ; bat yon mast do nothing hurriedly. Mrs; Freemantle was talk ing about you to my "mother this afternoon, saying that you looked ill and mopish, and ,0 ceded change. My mother admitted the fact, and it was agreed (hat yon should be persuaded to travel. Your departure will therefore eeem perfectly natnrai to all this little world ofGbadford. There, will- be no appesranoe>of flight. All you have to think of, therefore, is the place to which you would like to go — all yon have to do is to follow the bent of your own inclination/ 4 1 will go to Africa, there is better sport there than in Australia— and a freer life. 4If you decide upon Africa, Melnotte may » of use to yon.' Iiton'k like Melnotte, and I don't believe TrihfsAIrican experiences. I strongly sus pect that the man is an impostor. He is t$ o glib/ . jBnta his stories of adventnre have a vivid air, as if, he had lived among the soenes and people ho describes/, The f ello w is a good setor, that is all. Spms rowdy adventurer whom the Colonel has picked opto a gambling den. Melnotte slay have bean to the Cape, perhaps. His experiences in the interior I rank as sheer fiction/ This idea agreed curiously with Adrian's oWLyagtie suspicions as to. Mr. Melnotte's truth faints., Those African stories of his were rather too gobjlanct too piotoresque to -have happened to one traveller. The average man's experiences ate dull enongh. They ring the changes upon famine, fever and eport. Bot Melnotte seemed to have passed frOmjbeirhre&dfh; escape to romanticsituation, from dr&toatio; encounter Jto pletoresqne rescue, kith an electrical brilliancy. He had slain his lions by the horde, and shot his jremsbooks in hecatombs. There was. ex jsfggeratioc, no doubt; but whether the man 'tutors an aotual impostor remained to be pirowBd. I don't want anybody's advice ?' said Valentine decisively. ' If I can onoe brace mj&elf; up to leave this place, I shall go to iiondon, get the kind of outfit I think necessary, and then sail for tho Cape. Onoe there I can pick up the in formation. I want bout the interior, and I shall plan my ronte irom there.' When will yon start ?' I shall go to London by an early train to-morrow — and to the Gape by the first good steamer that can carry me there/ 'To-morrow? That's eodnf5 < Why should I delay ? I have been stay- tog here faoe to faoe with t spectre— like a man to a nightmare dreap, who faoes some great horror and cannot move hand or foot. The sooner X go, the betcsr.' , . ' Let . me go to London with yon, Val. I should like to see yon off.' = , No, .no. 1 am not fit company for my fellow men yet awhile. Perhaps < after ten years in Africa T may be bettor. Let me suffer mypurgation, Adrian. Let me wrestle With the memory ofsln/as Jacob' wrestled wRhJbhe aHgel— add then pffhipB—someday —- with , a stifled sob, l abaH ws bettor toQrihy > 01 yonr unselfib love— and of my f- c Qod help yon to pardon and forgetfulness, Yat . Bat let me goto London with yon.' Ito, ivtint to be alone there. 1 have "sodtofthfogto do. 'I will wiro to-yon before I etodthen, if there were time, abd you would tike to come mid shake hands at yartlog— ? ...... Be Pre I will oqme, if you give me the whanee. It wfll oomtort tbe mother tohear of yonat the last moment of leaviag She would like to be there herself, dear son!, if yon wenld let her/ jjPoar soul, poor soni,' murmured Valen tine; with a remorseful tenderness which was strange to bis rough nature. 4 She hfts_ given pre honey, and I have given her gall. I nave been a fountain of bitterness to yon both Bpt it is past, you are strong in toye and in mercy. Good night, and good-bye, till I sail. I shall be off early to- morrow morn ing.' 'But yon will bid your mother good bye/ Must I ? That will be hard. 1 should like to slip away without any leave-takicg. I would write to her from London/ She would be heartbroken if yon left her like that.' 4 Perhaps yon are right. It is the weak usbs of her character to be fond of me. I'll see her in the morning before I atari. She will be happier when I am gone— safe And happy— With yon. Yon ought to marry, Adrian. Yon owe as mneh to my mother as weH 'as to yourself. There Is Lhoy Free- mantle, who has been in love with yon for tbe last five years/ Valentine.' \- -It's a true bill. I've seen the growing passion from the time she left off short frocks and long hair. Yon have been her ideal from tbe day she left the nnrsery— perhaps before. Idaresay she was often thinking of yon over Pinnoek or Lingard, Marry her, Adrian. She has not one of the attributes of the typical girl, and will make yon a true and honest wife/ I will wait till my time comes, Val,' answered Adrian, with a sad smile. 4 It has not come yet.' . . Lady Beifield was always an early riser. She was in her garden next morning, looking at the first clusters of snowdrops, white against the whiteness ofthe hoar frost, when Valentine joined her, olad for a journey, in far-lined overooat and deer- stalker cap. Mother,' he began abruptly, ' Adrian and I bad a long brotherly talk last night, and he advised me to try obange of scene as a cure for bitter memories, I am going abroad for a spell.' Yes, dear. Yes, it will be a good thing, I am sure,' answered his mother, paling suddenly at the mere thought of a possible parting, ' bat yon will not be going jnst yet. Yon will take time to think about It/ 4 1 am going at onoe. You know I was never given to irresolntion. I have done most things, for good or evil, on the spur of the moment. I am off by the 8.35. My portmanteaux have gone down to the stable yard, I shall stay a day or two in town, and then sail for the Cape.' For the Gape I That is so far, VaL Why not to Italy or Spain/ Tame, hackneyed, intolerable. Tbe holi day ground of self-opinionated Yankees and personally.oondooted Cooknevs. Bo, if ohsnge of scene is to do me any good, If I am to get out of myseP, I mast get faoe to face with nature. Africa is the place for me. Don't be afraid, dear mother. The Dark Continent is as safe a solitude as Heme Bay.' And you are going— this morning? At ones. The dogcart is waiting for me. Good-bye.' He clasped bis mother in his arms, kissed her as he had not kissed her for years — hardly since he was a schoolboy, His own eyes were not innocent of tears an he rnshed away, leaving her to sob ont heir sorrow in the quiet shrubbery walk which her footsteps had so often trodden. Never had she felt more desolate than in this parting with the wayward and beloved son, and yet she told herself that it was well he were gone. Any, thing must be better than to see him as he had been since last August. i , The South-western railway conveyed Mr. Beifield to Exeter, but in tbe junction station there, he had a ohoias of trains, and the Great-western salted him best on this coca Eion. He crossed from one platform to the other, took his ticket for Paddingtoq, and came ont npon tbe departure platform of the Great. western, under the big oloek. Tbe platform was not so orowded 88 usual, and the train was not due for five minntes. As be walked slowly towards tbe end of the station, Valentine passed a man whose face flashed npon him with a sadden sickening of the heart and weakening of the limbs, like the eight of a ghost in high noon. The wintery sun shone npon those pale and high-bred features. He saw the face looking at him, half in hatred, half in scorn, and he could not give back scorn for soora, bate for hate, He who had never feared bis fellow- men. sickened at the sight of this man, and passed en with quickened step, and eyes locking steadily forward, pretending not to mb that familiar face, the face «f tbe man who had stolen bis wife's heart. St. Austell stopped and looked biok at him. As I am alive, that was the faoe of a felon,' he said to himself, 'and the mystery iff Helen's fate is darker than any of us dream of. Tbat man dared not meet my eye — although it was his place to beolor and urine to qnaiL There, was guilt in|batlook/ He was on hie way westward. Since that meeting at the Badminton, he Lad been much disturbed in his mind abont his lost love. Fickle as the previous experience of his life bad proved him, he had not yet forgotten Helen. Tbe year whioh Mrs. Bsddciey had allowed for tbe dotation of his passion was pot yet ended, and it may be that tbe disappointment and misehanee whioh had attended this particular intrigue, had intensified his feelings. He would fagve for feited jtea years of Iris life to have found Helen, and won her Jo?, hit 9WB,bqt therq was that in fasr husband's countenaooe which chilled bis soul. He had half a mind to follow Valentine Beifield, and tax him then and there with foul play. He had uc evidence, except the mysterions circumstances o! the wife's disappearance, and that guilty lock in the husband's faoe— but the two together brou gbt conviction to St. Austell's mind. Chaptes XL. — The Fob lorn Hops. Valentine Beifield walked to tbe furthest end of the platform and stood there, cold and sick, like a man in an ague fit, faia train came in from Plymouth, and then he had to run after the train as it steamed into the station, and scramble into a first-class com partment, panting and breathless, and white to the lips. . ' Yon oughtn't to run things so close as that sir, you don't look the kind of man who can stand it,' said an elderly parson, one of those amiable buey-bodies who are always Interested in other people's affairs. Valentine scowled at him by way of answer, as he threw his deer- stalker into the rack, aud mopped his forehead and hair, damp with icy sweat. A churlish personage/ thought the West Country rector, 4 something wrong wffch tbe heart, and a very irritable temper,' and the good man tried to interest himself in bis newspaper, glancing over the top of it every now and then to see if there were any hope of conversation, Valentine put on his Cap again, pulled it over his forehead, and coiled himself in a corner of the carriage in an attitude that meant total isolation. He was trying to recover his nerve after that sudden appari tion ol St. Austell. 1 By » I was afraid of the man/ he said to himself. 1 For the first time in my life I have known what it is to fear the face of a mac. If a brace of oonstables Oame to arrest me, warrant and handcuffs oomplete, I wouldn't flinch ; but hie faoe unnerved me. He loved ber. He would ask me, 4t What have you done with that frail, false, lovely girl whose heart was mine ?'' Yes, bis, hie- not mine. It was his love I murdered. It is to him I am answerable, It was his life I spoiled. She bBd ceased to belong to me— she was openly, avowedly, his. And I quailed before him, turned siok with fear at sighs of the vfilian who wronged me.' For an hour or more he sat in his corner, living over that brief moment ol meeting— seeing that passing vision of a malignant fⅇ, telling himself again and sgain in bitterest mockery that it was St. Austell who had lost by tbat fata! blow. At last, and with a tremendous effort, be dismissed this dark train of thoughts, and his mind reourred to one of the objeots of his journey to London. Ever sinoe that last meeting with Madge Darley, the girl and her mission bad ben present to his mind. Passion was dead in in him, buried nnder the crashfng weight of a great remorse, nnmbed and fro sen as the senses are in a nightmare. There was no re kindling of an old flme ; but in tbe ashes of his dead lo»e for tbat strange girl there was a faint glow, a little spct of warmth remain ing where all else bad grown cold. He felt tbat if there could be eomfort or hope for him anywhere upon this earth, it would be with her. He felt that if there were anyone to whom he could confess his crime, it was Madge Darley, and cot a priest. 4 The Forlorn Hope/ he repeated to himself as he sat in his corner, looking out at the landscape every field, and copse, and bill, aud ourving stream, familiar to bim from boyhood ; beheld again 8nd again at all seasons, sometimes In listless vaouity, some times in impatience. At last tbe train -steamed into Pad Kington station on the edge of dusk. The Eunset glowed darkly red athwart tha London fog, as the train passed Harrow and Hanwell. The great vanlted roof of the terminus looked ghastly and sepulchral in the chilly light of electric lamps, Valentine told a fortsr to take his port manteaux to the Great W estern hotel, and then left the station on loot. He was going to IdeBon Grove to look for the Refuse founded by Madge Darley. The long thoroughfare of the Grove was light with lamplit shops, and full of traflio. Valentine irquired in one of the shops, and was directed to a side street, a dismal- looking street of shabby, dilapidated houses, whioh might haYe had seme' pretension to respectability half a century ago, but which had fallen to about the lowest stage inthe history of bricks aud mortar. They were houses of a considerable size, however, and offered accommodation to a cocriderable population, as appeared by the various lighted windows, suggesting many demioika under one roof. Across the front- of one of these houses, of a Bomawbat better aspect then its neighbours, appeared a long black board, on whioh the I f: rIornTH )PB/ painted in large white leteers. In front of the fanlight there was a temp with the words, Refuge -or Women and Girls,' in black letters, on the glass. There was no possible mistake tion mofc'V6 waoler of ths instOr . J?hB d2or BW0®i ®®a afc Valentine'q touch, and, as he eroBsed the threshold, a woman in ' A'Waca $owu apa white pap oame out Qf the y -w ... parlour next the street, and met him in the passage. It was Madge Darley. The shepherdess f , fy8 ready to receive the loss sheep, be fold was bumble and unattractive, but it meant what it offered— Shelter, She started at sight if a tall man in a fur Valentine004 — Btert€d E8ft'n on recognising | Mr. Bslfleld !' she exclaimed. jf y0u should come to you some day, Madge, and von premised not to shut your door in my fr.ee/ ' Iam cot likely to do that ; hut I don't house U Want Eiay very Icn£ a it" She led the way into the parlour, a plainly furnished room, lighted by a cheap paraffin lamp, under a green ehade. -Jt Pree® «Bde of pitoh pine occupied either side of the fireplace. The table was of vanished deal, the walls were white washed, the floor was unoarpeted, and half- a-dosen rush-bottomed chairs completed the furniture of the room ; but all was scrupu lously neat and clean. A fite burned cheerily in the shining grate, aud an open-work brass fender made one point of brightness ra the picture. A large iron katfo was singing on the old- fashioned hob. Pray sit down/ said Madge, pointing to a ohair opposite hetypwn. You have an idle hour to spare, I suppose, and you have come toeeeoor toge — to find out for yourself wbe-her we are doing gcod work— In order that you may help us/ She spoke gravely, faltering a little, more deeply moved by his presence in that place than she would have oared to own to herself. The lesson of her life for nearly four years had been the lesson of forgetfalce&s; ; but it was not yet learned. His voice, his fate, had still the power to awaken a strange unreasoning gladness, to give life a new colour. 'No, Madge; I have come on no suoh philanthropic errand. I confess to cars very little whether your work of meray thrives or fails. I am hare from pure B/ifirhceet, I am eaten up by my own cares; ray own burden is too heavy for me, and of late, night or day, I am devoured by one thought, oca hope——' He stopped suddenly, looking at her with eyes that shone feverishly bright In his pak and haggard face, with one strong hand Clenched npon the table between them. The Forlorn Hops, Madge,' be said in a low voice, after a few moments' silence, ''the hope that you will pity me when no cue else in this world, exesnt my brother, can pity me, knowing all. Yes, that you, know- ing my bib, might still pfty me— might stiB love me.' He flung himself on his kness at her feet. He seized her hand and covered, it with kisses, despairing kieras, which moved he more than his wildest passion of days gone by had ever moved her, fondly as she had loved the tempter. She snatched her hand from him hidig nantly, looking at him in angry surprise, 4 1 thonght yon knew me better than to talk to me hi the old strain/ she said. 1 1 thonght I had shown you tbat I am not tho kird cf woman to be tempted by a fine gentleman lover— to he tempted now, after I have given my life to tbe saving of weaker women. Do you think that I am likely to forget tbat you are another woman's bai hand and that when you were a free man you refused to marry me ?' 1 1 was a fool, Madge, a proud, self- opinionated idiot. I did not know that you were the one woman npon this earth who could have made my life happy— who might have influenced me for good. I was hemmed to and bound round by petty prejudices, by bigoted belief in birth and position. What «o birth and position when weighed against the nobility of suoh a nature as yours ? I taw in you only a beautiful peasant, whom it was my business, as a gentleman, to seduee. And when I saw that your resistance was real and earnest, I lost my temper, and fancied myself in love with another woman. lover ,B PIqUB 1 made ma HeleB Deverffl's He Bhuddered as be pronounced hie wife's name That is all past and done with,' said Mtage. gravely. 1 1 am ery sorry that your m ® ,®®d®d ooHappily ; but there is a long before you yet, I hope, nd there must be something for you to do in it. And now I must see after my patients. It is tea time. Shall I make you a oup of tea ? She went to one of the pmsses, opened lb and began to take ont oups and sauoers, and little crockery teapots, and trays, gad plates. Everything was ol the ohnapsst, but tha beir Prettineen, and the htUe trays had a nest and dainty look as those aetivs hands arraswsfl them eaoh with its spotless linen d'ealev 4 Yes please, l ebouH iefcah a cup off cola WAter from your band. And my month w parched andfutt of dust after toy locrnev Think Of me as the worst ol you? p»?i«£L Havana many to the hoBaer P 4 Every bed is foil except one. There is a girl of nineteen iu the next room, dying. It yon could hear her story you would know what misery means. ' She ro moving to Md fr. i>«t«,eo H» K«8a .and the firyil, Wfof bn little tee. pots from the bigiron kettle as she talked to htm. " " :'i > - I seed not whit for that, I know the meaning of misery.' Ah, hat not o! each misery as she has suffered, a girlhood that has been ofie long degradation. Think of, what it was for that girl to awaken to the first oonBcionsneBs of life in the midst of saoh foal surroundings as decent lips dare not name ; to have been so reared as not to know the meaning of sin till she was EfceepadiuiS, blackened by it, dying of ifi, Thafcssber history.' She is wfiafr you, call an interesting oase, 1 suppose. 1 ' She is one among many. Old And young ; oome here every day, pleading for a oorner to die in. That is about all we can give yet awhile.' You have done a good deal, 1 think, In establishing such a re f age.1 People are so kind. The poor have helped me as moch as the rich. Those who have had no money to give have brought me little presents oat of their household goods, at- a eaorifioe. This iron kettle was brooght by a widow who goes oat oharlng, It was a lesoy from a batcher's wife whom she had served 'or yearn. " It is too good for me, eisier," she said. 41 Any little tin toa- kettie w01 do to make my cap of tea." She kissed the kettle before she handed ii to me, for love of ber dead mistress.' She set one of the tea frays before him, with a little plate of bread and batter, such as Bhe had been eatting for her patients She rang a bell, and a woman of about forty came into the room, dressed in a grey merino gown and a white cap and apron. She looked like a lady, bat she was very thin and gaunt, with & pale piaonei face and a sad smile. She locked snipped at finding a stranger seated by the hearth, 4 Sister Angela, Mr. Balfield,' said Maoge, by way of introduction. Mr. Belfield is good enough to be interested in oar " work, sii-ter.' Angela bowed, bqi made no reply. The two women took half a dozen of the fittle trays between them, and went away to attend to their patients, leaving Valentine to stare Into the fire and bro sd over his pari life. He thought of thoe careless days on the river, with boat, and dog, and son; the sheer idleness of fancy which had led him to Maags Darley's c ittage ; thshold her beauty had taken of bim and his scornful disbelief in her virtae. And he now came to this .woman in his agony, as the one woman who could give hitn help and comfort, whose strong brave sod could inspire him with courage to bagin life anew. And haviog oome into this house of paia, he felt as ii it woald be best of all to stay here for ever, to be her clerk, her ally, her drudge, only to have the privilege of being near her. EL aim st forgot his scheme of distant travel, he was ready to grovel at her feet and plead to be allowed to stay with her. She was absent for more than an hoar. He emptied the tea pot, and looked at his watch a dozen times before she came back. 4 Ar-e you surprised to see me here still,' h3 asked. 4 Yes, I thought you would have gone back to your hotel. This is not a place for you.' I suppose not, yet you told me if I were In great distress I might come to you for . shelter. T hoped to find the name of your house was not altogether a delusion The Forlorn Hope. I have no other hope Madge.' ' 4 That cannot be true. You have your mother, who adores you.' 4 My mother eannot help ipe to bear my burden. It would blast her declining years, bring her in anguish to the grave, to know' the nature of my misery. I want some strong bceoia to lean upon ; I want acme heroio soul to inspire me with courage. Madge, I have come to you— to you, aB the only woman who can shed 8 ray of light upon this darkened spirit. I am a vder sinner than any of your lost sheep. Have pity upon me if you can, Madge, for I am the kind of sinner whom no one pitzeB, 'I am a murderer?' He clasped her hand in both his own, and drew her nearer to him, looking up at hsr with despairing eyes, as she stood looking down u on him, -peeohiess with horror. 4 1 killed my wife.' Oh, God 1 4 1 had the confession of her falsehood in my hand, her own deliberate declaration that she b-d ceased so love me, aud that she was passionately in love with another man— that she was leaving me to be his mistress A pleasant letter for a husband to read, Madge The ink was wei upon the paper, end sOe etood there looking at sae — beautiful fabe to the eore. I struck her to the ground. I was only one blow, but it killed her. Be tween the reading of that letter and her death, there was but an interval of half-a- dozen seconds, The ink was wet still, aod she was lying at ciy feet looking no at me . dead.' 4 It was borrih V gasped Madge, 4 an awful, irrepsuabk- calamity — but hot murder. You did not mean to kill her.' I I will not as much as that. I think I wanted to kill h?r»as I would have killed her seducer had fee been there— bat I was sorry the instas vrjij dead. The agony ,0f remorse began ink was dry.' 'Yea sbo-h LsKed the truth; yon should havfr >;r v\n ;Ti consequences.' 4 1 should. J wr,a\\-. ooward and a fool ; a ' craven, to shrink irom tfee consequences of my wrath. I ha?i i -right to be angry. If got bow trail a Ih ngshe was. She fell iike a lily ataliwniv, dly esapped in a storm, One nnutt- nfc. my passion had vented itself and she was dead,' And th?n bo went on to describe that \- ohaf tly burial cf the dsad, in the silence of , the _ summer night. He dwelt on every detail, showing how vividly every ciroum- stance of ttut dvuial scene had painted it self tpoa his m nory He r -called tbee& things shudderiogly, a? a tra relies a bad dream which he has dreamed again and again. 4 Did no one sn seefc you ?' 4 Ho one has fend-zne out. There is a man I suspect of teing some kind of eaves drofjper and a spy — a man who is on a visit to ber father, And who passe for a gentle- man.' 4 Yr a v- u t p' loso .! fr'asj? io. get flag u.vuyi|rosui — from Europe — beyond tab ri&ch; cf pursutt. if that be pospibie. . Suspicion once aroused, detection might be easy, and then, - having midden your crime, yon might seem a deliberate murderer, Jhetead of the vietitn of a moment's passion. You must sail by the firat ship thatoan oarry you. Go to Liverpool to night by the mail— if Liverpool is the port — and Btart to-morrow mornitg.' I am in no hurry.' 4 Bat if yoarstoret were once suspected, to leave England then would look like flight, and only confirm suspicion. Go at once, while yoa are free to go.' I have half if mind to stay and take my chance, he answered thoughtfully. 4 If,- yen would be kind tb pjie, Madge— if yoq would let me spend ah hbdr in this room sometimes, hear the sound, of your voice, watch your coming in and going out, I would rather stay is London than go to Africa to look for diamonds and shoot big game. I am not the man I was before that night, Madge. When — when I had done that deed, my first thought was to save my neck— to" hide my crime and go scot free. I thought Hfd would be the same as it had been— the hunting field — the racecourse — the battue — all the same. £ thought I could forget. But when the seasons oame round again, and the old sports, and the old people — my G.-dj what a change. All thezast and flavour were gone. I went about as if I was in a dream; only half conscious of my own existence or the life round me. Wherever £ went, the same haunting thoughts went with me, and a ghost that would not be laid. Oh, Madge, you are stronger than I — braver, nobler. Pity me if you can, as the strong should pity the weak.' 4 1 do pay you, poor soul, with all my heart,' she answered, softly. She bent over him and kissed his burning forehead. For the first time in their lives, her lips touched him in love, freely given. 4 God ble&s; you, Madge, for that kiss,' ho faltered. 4 It shows me that you oaa pity me. Oh, my love, don't banish me. Lac me stay near you— always. Let me serve you aa a slave serves his master. Let me get a. salt, - fustian and oordpioy, in Lisson Grove, and carry coals and clean windows for you — until you have tried me by years of faithful service, if you like. God kao ws I will be patient, in consideration of the wreich I am, and then when you have found that chere is some good ia me, let ma bs your husband, and let us go away together to the end of the world. If chare is happiness for me upon this earth it must bs found with you. ' She looked at him in silence, with a slow, sad smile, for : some moments before she answered. 4 That is all a dream, Mr. Belfield, & feverish dream of your poor sick soul. £ have, my duty here, which I shall never leave . and you have your duty to yourself, and to your mother and brother. Think how their lives would be darkened by grief and Bhame if you W6re brought to answer for your crime, and made to appear that which you ware not — a deliberate murderer. For their sake you ought to get away while the coast ia clear. Begin a new life in a new country. Find new duties, as J. found mine when my life was most desolate ; and in doing year duty and saving i he souls of sinners, you may find a full i, tenement for your own sin. And then thd shadows will be lifted, the burden will be lessened, the light will come.' - 4 1 cannot live without yon, Madge. I have yearned for you in my misery. Thai kiss has sealed me as yon? own for ever.' 4 If you persist in saying these things, I will never eee yon gain Mr. Belfield. I have dene wish love, and all thoaghts of love, I have planned out my path in life, and mean to keep to it. And now I must vrich you good night, and ask yoa to leave fcxiis house, I have a great deal to do before bedtime,' - ' Cannot other people do it for yon ? Caunot yoa give one evening in your life to my despair — yoa who da so maoh for others?' 4 1 am the head of oar little orginlsatioa. and have to see that all & don rightly. There are three and twenty or ailing irls ana women in the house, niy tore sisters besiaes myself to sea to them. We are siifierhcod of twentyt wo, l am the only permanent rssidem. The other twenty one each give one day and night in every week to «ho work, A bey come at eight one evening :-»nd go away at eight on kfae following evening. It is one day taken from the week cf worldly business Io the work Of mercy. We find the plan works be i ter than many resident sisterhoods. Xhs sifters are more fth&eriul;, better tempered, aud , in better heahh._ Their lives are not monotonous There ib no weariness, no iaing for ercsps into the ouier world. They always bring a cersain &m; >uat of freshness to their work ; and it makes them happy to know thas however worldly the rest of their lives may be, one day out of seven is spent in doing goo;.' . 4 The plan is your invention, I suppose ?s 4 Yea, it is mine.' 4 Clear brain ; ssro&g; heart 1 t?hy did I not know your valae four yeara ago 2 Weil, Madge, you have reoeived me kindly, and I won't impose upon your kindness. Good night. I shall come again to-morrow evening.' 4 Think belter of it, and go to Liveipooi by the .-light mail.' . 4 Good night,' he repeated, ignoring her advice. 4 Good night.' Th&y; clasped bands snd parted. Scarcely Lnd tbe outer d -or sbut upon hitn, when she aim red her faoe with her hands and burst intv! tears. , 4 Oh, my love,, my sin- stained love 1' she mar mpred 4 1 caTe ior :you more in your ubai oinent than I ever cared for you yot. I woaifi . give ray liie to lead yau back to hip-in ess, if I htdany hops yoa eouid ever e happy. Bat the curse of blood is on yoar t oul. and what hops can there be for you on this iside of tbe grave ?' (to bb continued ) 