THE NATIONAL BANK DIFFI CULTT. The outcome of the controversy that has taken place aa to tha relative rights and privileges of the Melbourne and Adelaide Directors of the I-Tational Bank is an un reserved admission by the Adelaide share holders of subordination, to the Melbourne Board. It ia clear that thia ia not what was intended in the original memorandum drawn out to define the relations between the Directors of the Bank in the two colonies. It- was therein specified that the right of the Adelaide shareholders to elect the local Directors should only ba subjest to the veto of the Melbourne Board, but this, arrangement was not embodied in the charter of the Bank, which practically yields supremacy to the' Directorate In Victoria. How it catne to-.- - pass that the original design was departed/; ,'? f; from we are -enable to say. It may be that the Adelaide shareholders, or those representing them, did not realize what they were giving up in renouncing the right to elect their own *? ^ Directors ; it may be that they currendered ',. that right in consideration of tho difficulty' '?? of managing a concern with two indepen dent Boards holding virtually co-ordinate - powers. No doubt there are Bom© ' who will remember which of these conjectures is' correct, or if ~ neither of them is what it was that led to the arrangement ultimately carried out. It is not of much caota6*:\ quence, hovrever, what the explanation is ;. the fact remains that tho Adelaide shar-a-- ; * holders have no independent authority^ ' They are bound hand and foot bytb.9-:^ deed [of settlement -ffliich empowers tha Melbourne Board, amongst other things^, to appoint, suspend, and remove loci! Directors with or without sufficient reason; * In short, the National Bank in Adelaide is nothing more than a branch 0! tha* . National Bank in Melbourne. It speaks well for the harmonious re lations that have up till now aubsiBted between the management of the Bank' in Melbourne and here that the Ade laide shareholders have never before had brought home to them them their utterly dependent position. The discovery of it now would not have been bo mortifying:: had it not been for the circumstances under which it has been made. The Mel-* bourne Board have seen fit to exerciaa ? its power in a singularly arbitrary and' ungracious way. It has singled out as the victims of ita authority two ? South Australian Directors, to whom the Bank is under special obligation, and who possess the unqualified confidence, of the local shareholders. If they had been con* victed of high crimes and misdemeanours, of a deliberate sacrifice of the interests of' the institution, they could hardly havebeeu treated with greater ignominy. The- notification that their re-election would I be vetoed wa3 deferred until it waa too- - late for them to withdraw their Candida- ; ture as Directors, and it was positively not until the last moment that any expla-. , nation was vouchsafed as to the grounds - of objection to them. These grounds, so far as they have been disclosed, afford ? no justification for the severity of the penalty imposed. It may be that there - are others, but the Melbourne Directors,.. taking full advantage of their privileges, maintain a stubborn silence on the Hub ject. It might have been thought that ia order to keep themselves en rapport with, the Adelaide shareholders they would hiive made a confidential [communi cation to the committee appointed in the colony to examine into the matter. ? They have with much affectation - of politeness refused to do this.' , True, they point out that the deed. of settlement provides a way by which,' the information can ba obtained, bufctlitH-. way is practically barred by the attendant conditions. ' ; Under the circumstances there is no alternative but to let things - take their course. Messrs. Scott and Everard have to be aacri- . ficed, and the shareholders here hava' with bated breath and whispered humble ness to beg the Melbourne Board of its ', courtesy to allow them to elecfc two Directors in their place. The situation,' in Tint, nn ntrrpfinhlfl nn9 for them, but m their own interests tney must suumie - to it. They cannot take further action ?' -}f a character hostile to the Mel--: bourne Directorate without injury to the Bank, and the best course is evidently to let the matter drop. It* will be a long time, however, before they will forget the Enub they have received,, and ii the Melbourne Board is wise it ?will. seek to efface the memory of ita harsh, irapolitic action— for harsh and impolitic ifc- , has been in aianner, even if it has noi been in substance— by pursuing tha? conciliatory course which is still open-. to it. . ? ~~~~~~~^~~ ? ' ' ~*$ , Enterprise asd Labour in Leading* ? stkixgs. — Two gatherings were held yesterday. The one was a meeting o£: the unemployed, the other waa a-, meeting of the Committee for the*. Promotion of South Australian. In dustries. They have this In common, that they both cry out for Government assistance. We may take the case of tho - committee first. Their previous policy ha3 be9n dealt with on former occasions. Yesterday another plank was added to it. First Companies were to be formed. Then . Government assistance was to be obtained for the purpose of forming Companies abroad for the exportation of winea and fruits from the colony. Yesterday it was resolved that the assistance sought should ba in the shape of export bounties for a - limited term' upon all winea and fruits :: exported by any Company formed for the purpose of exporting trines and fruits vrhoEe subscribed capital should amount to ?' at least £50,000. If this kind of thing, continues South Australia will soon bo a fine country to live in. On the one Bide we have a party trying to increase * the cost of living by levying duties on everything imported into the colony^. and now it is proposed to pay persons for sending produce out of tha colony. We must protect the local manu facturer against goods coming in, and now we must pay the produces for sending his own_ produce out. . Of course both policies are advo» : cated ? on the plea oi stimulating- ' local industries. Bat why ntop here : if this is the object ? Why not give ' the producer a bounty upon every orange ? ha grows and every gallon of wine ha makea ? Why not give the barkeeper a bonus on every nobbier of colonial wine he Bella ? Of course the effect of bounties is obvious. The bounty-produced sugar of France can be purchased by the artisan_in London st a very much lower price than the French artisan has to give for ib . In Paris. The fruitgrower is already protected hy import duties, and now the proposal is to give a bounty upon what is exported. What would bs the posi tion of the unfortunate consumer if thia new burden were placed upon him 1 He would have to pay his chare of the bounty, and he would also have to pay a higher price for his frnit and wine, hi3 only consolation being that persona living , , at a distance would bs abb to obtain tho ? products of. his o*kh colony at s lower-. . pries than he would have to give for them. Nor could ha get much relief from the knowledge that ihe bounty tt&s; to :be paid for only a limited period, for ha would have so assurance that the bounty-fed induEtry would not collapse ?whjn . the Btimulant ,'wa», . ?withdrawn,- from it. The meeting of the unemployed doe3 not surprise ua ?when we' find those who oaght to know better fatTTgng of going to the Govern ment fas assistance. If an Export Com pany is to have a bounty for carry ing & special industry we do not fcnow why working men should not ask to have special kind of work found for them. Sorely the Go vernment should take a strong stand in regard to both. 'What right have any men to suppose thai work ia to ba specially found for them, and what right has any Government to squander . the public funds in making work for men? There axe hundreds and thoTnanda in the colony living on small salaries and some frnm knowing what it is to be out of work who never ' think of appealing to the Government to find work for them, and_. there ia no reason why an exception should be mads in favour of any class. If the various Aus tralian -Governments do net take a firm stand on this question we shall Jbe encouraging the worst form of pauperism, . and helping to destroy every Bpark of manliness and independence in' those: who are encouraged to believe that they can. always rely upon the Go vernment finding work for them pi the sort they prefer and at their own wages. Thb Education , Question. — For a model of inconsistency it would be dim colt to find a better example than the letter against the present system of State] education, which, we publish this morning from a. writer signing Iiimaalf ' Outsider.' The arguments of this letter are four in number, and are beautifully destructive of one another. In the first place, the writer objects to the massing of children in large public schools. This in itself he considers is a very great evil, and enough to condemn, the present sys tem of education. Yet a little further on he puts forward a proposal that after six months' notice the State connection with education, should be abolished, and that those same large schools which h.9 condemns should be offered to the present teachers for school purposes at .stated rentals. The evils of nuwftig together large numbers of children in one building, it is to be observed, would vanish completely as soon aa the institutions became private concerns. It is evident from this writer's ideas on the subject that he does not believe that ' what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.' In his other objections he is not a whit more fortunate. By the aid of a hopeful imagination he is induced to predict that the abolition of State connection, with education would result in a saving of £150,000 per annum. There is no reservation in tlns'condusion. The £150,000 would be absolutely saved. Yet in another part of the letter it appears that what the writer really- objects to ia ' being called upon to pay for the education of another man's children.*' . So, of course, the £150,000 ia to be paid, not by the State, but by ' the other man.' A corre spondent who wrote against State educa tion recently reckoned up that the amount which is expended by Govern'-, ment would be ' equal to; a fee 'of over lfis. per quarter for each child. If to this wexe added; the weekly payment at present made the result -would be a tolerably heavy fee for the education of children, and as the parents would have to pay this, it is difficult to see how the money would be saved. Some people, no doubt, are rich enough to dispense with the aid of the State schools, just as some can afford to ride in their carriages and to do without asphalted footpaths. But the footpaths are there whether they use them or not, and as they can use them at any time they are called upon to contribute to thpJT maintenance. The Qukbh's Accession— Invitationa have been inued by His Excellency the Governor to an nffi-ni»T dinner on the anniversary of Her Majesty'a Accession, June, 20. Opining op the Nabeacoome aud Mount Gambler Railway. ^—. TTfa L Excellency the Governor (Sir William Eobhuon) will open the railway from Mount Gambier to Narra coorteonTJinrsday»Janel6. His Excellency, accompanied by the Chief Secretary (Hon. D. Murray) and the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. L, L. Famer), will probably leave Adelaide by a special train on Wednes day morning. BnmmAY Honoubs. — Among theltonoors conferred on the Queen's birthday it was Btated in Wednesday's telegrams that Chief Justice- Onalow, of Western Australia, had been created a K.C.M.G. The telegram, as we stated at the time, waa open to some doubt, and it seems almost certain that it should have, referred to. the Earl' of Oosiow, Under- Secretary for the Colonies and member of the Imperial Conference. Seeing that other honours conferred were for services at the Conference there can be little doubt that a mistake was made in this instance, and that the Kail and nob the Chief Justice is the new knight. Viceregal YisrroBS. — Lord and Lw3y Erassey and party arrived at Government Honae on Thursday afternoon from the Port, the viceregal railway carriages having been sent down by the Governor for the use of. his distinguished visitors. There was a dinner party at Goreram&at; House on Thursday, and there will be ethers an Friday, and Monday even ing*. To-morrow afternoon from 330 to 5 His Excellency's second reception takes place, at which his gueata, also the Japanese officers, will be present. To morrow evening the Governor, with Lord and Lady Braesey and party, will be' present at the Theatre EoyaL Excursions will also be made to Marble Hill and other places of interest, in order that the visitors may see sb much of the beautiful surroundings of Adelaide as time , will permit. The party staying at Government House consists of Lord and Lady Erassey, the Son. Miss Braesey, two younger Bisters, and Mr, DeaGraz, Her Ladyship's Secretary. As these will fill the house, His Honor the Chief Justice, with his usual hospitality, entertains the Hon. T. B. Brassey and Mr. Pemberton at his residence in North Adelaide. Seats or Stb Chabebs Coopkh.— Oar telegrams annoance the decease of Sir Charles Ccoper, first Chief Justice of South Aus tralia, who for twenty-five years has been absent fiom the colony and receiving an annual pension of £1,000. New Bishop of BATHTJBST.^-Canon Charles Edward Camidge, who has been appointed Bishop of Bathunrt, Hew South Wales, is Vicar of Think, in Yorkshire, and Chaplain of Think Union. He waa at Wadham Col lege, and took his M.A. degree at Oxford in 1861\. For seven or eight years he laboured as curate in thickly populated diaixicta at Sheffield and Wakeneld, and later on wzs appointed rector of a parish in Yorkshire, from which he was removed to Thirak aa vicar and alao Canon in York Cathedral. He is the author of 'A History of Wakeneld, and its Industrial and Fine Art Exhibition.' Visrr OF H.M.S. Nelson.— His Excellency the Governor, who telegraphed some days ago asking that the officers and ship's com pany of the 2felson might take part in the ceremonies connected- with the opening of the ExMbiiiOT, received yesterday a telegram from Admiral Fairfax stating that he will gladly comply withtha Governor's request. Thb GovxBinourr CJiffliOGiST. — A latter received, from .Melbourne on Thursday intimates that 'Mrl'lH.' Y. .' L. Brown has Etifficiently recovered, from the injuries he received through' the railway accident to be able to sit up for two or three hoars daily. He is, However, still very weak and shaky. Thb Adelaide Uibectosaxs of ths !? atiohal Bask. — The Committee of Inves tigation on the vetoing by the Melbourne Beard of fhAbetkm' of the Hen. H. Scott, U.L.G, and Mr. W. Everard sa Direetori appointed by shareholders on the Adelaide rigxsterofflie'NationalEsknk of Australasia presented their report to a meeting of share holders at' toe; Exchange Arbitrationroo'n on Thuisday. Mr. W. Hooper presided* over a good'' attendance. ? The report indicated ibaithe committee had bees convinced by correspondence, with the . Melbourne Board,. that shareholders in Adelaide could do nothing to compel attention, to their protest against the veto, a3 the Banfe in Adelaide was only a branch business, and the election of Directors here wa3 subject to the approval of the Beard in Melbourne. No reasons were given by the Board to justify their action. The repor: was adopted amid expressions of sympathy ^ith Messrs. Scott and Everard for the treatment they had received. The Chjjshas' of the Mabikb Boakd. — On Thursday evening the Chairman of the Marine Eoard (Air. J. Formby) left for Victor Hsrbotir on Marine Board business. Among other things he will ses about the beacons in the Murray, and will iu-'.i?;5 the Point Malcolm Lighthouse. The Oboya.— The Orient E.M.3. Oroya, which left Adelaide on the evening of May 2, arrived at Suez on May 24. Legislative Coxt^chi Elections. — In reply to an influential requisition, largely aigned by electors of the Central District, Mr. J. H. Angas, J.P., of Collingrove, haa decided to allow himself to ba nominated aa a candidate for that district. The Scsbeam. — The Harbourmaster went on board this yacht early on Thursday and steamed to the ocean steamers' buoy, where ahe made fast, with the intention of visiting the Japanese corvette and the Protector, but finding tfca Corporation of the Port and the yachtsmen were awaiting her at the Port the proposed visit was postponed, and ahe steamed into harbour. She is in beautiful order, and under her auxiliary engines made very good speed. She ia a very heavily sparred vessel, and carries 9.2C0 yards of canva3 on long taunt spars, the foremast being from keelson to truck 134 feet by a diameter of 19J inche3. The foieyard is 504 feet in the square, and the total height of the mainmast is 135 feati while the mizzenmast ia 134 feet. The account of the arrival of the yacht in Port Adelaide and the enthusiastic reception accorded the viaitoia will be found in another column. She will remain at the Port for several days, and be open to visitors from 2 to 4 p.m. each day. The Maeine Board.— At the meeting o! the Marine Board on Thursday two important communications were received from the Maritime Labour Council. One was in reference to the abolition of the office of Seamen's Runner ; the other called attention to a great abuse of the permit system. The consideration of both -wna, after discussion, deferred till the nest meeting. In the mean tune further information will be obtained. Thb Late Chief Offices of thb Cheviot. —We have been requested by Captain F. W. Strickland, of the Cheviot, to receive dona tions in aid of the widow and family of hi3 late chief officer, Mr. Joseph Crosbie, who was unfortunately drowned daring the recent voyage of the Cheviot to Port Adelaide. From Captain Strickland's own account of the voyage it would appear that some of the seas striking the Cheviot were phenomenal in height and force. Keferring to the sea which dashed poor Croabie overboard the captain says:— 'I have been &i; sea for twenty-three years and have never seen one like it. I have never Been such a perfect wall of water in my life. There were just three seas encountered, the last of which was the greatest. The only parallel description I know of was the sea encountered by the Chimborazo in the Bay of Biscay some years ago, when that'ateamer wa3 greatly damaged. I waa on the bridge of the Cheviot at the time of our disaster, but could see nothing owing to the steam coming up from the stokehole. If she had taken a second sea like that it wonld have put the fires out. It waaafterpassingCapeNorthumberland when these seas struck us abeam. The helm was put hard a-Btarboard just in time to bring her np end on, and the third sea swept right over. Two boats were seriously damaged, the deck houses damaged, and the tarpaulin swept off the hatches. Another sea after this would have greatly imperilled us. Had the helm rot been hard down there would have been a tenons calamity. Previous to these sea3 coming the ship wa3 going along as smooth aa a dish, and I had not the slightest cause for apprehending danger. I was 8 or 10 miles off the land. The position is a usual one for cross-seas. I think it is owing to the uneven ground. Mr. Crosbie has left a widow and three children, and was also supporting his own or his wife's mother.' WeBhallbe happy to receive subscriptions on their behalf. Jubilee Eitle Meeting.— At a meeting of the Council of the S.A.N.R.A. held on Thursday evening it was decided to hold a Jubilee Prize Meeting on August 23 and four following daya. This will be the first meeting held under the new regu lations of the S.A.N.RA. Prizes to the amount of £SGO will be shot for, and provision waa made so aa to enable visitors from the other colonies to shoot in several of the matches, Special arrangements were ateo made for the affiliated rifle club3 in the Association with regard to their shooting in the teams matches, for which liberal prizes will be given. Mr, E. T. Smith, M.P., haa generously given a trophy of the value of 40 guineas to be competed for by teams of seven men representing any affiliated clubs. A full programme of the matches will be published shortly. The Unemployed asd Tuibeb cutting.— On Wednesday afternoon a notice was posted in the Labour Bureau Office intimating that; 100 sawyers were requirad for cutting sleepers in the Willowie Forest Reserve, but up to '4. o'clock on Thursday afternoon only nine men had handed in their names aa being willing to go. Referring to the statement of the unemployed that the work required skilled labour the Conservator of Forests in forms ub that half of the men now engaged in the forest catting timber had never previ ouBly handled a saw in their lives for that particular purpose, but they were speedily taught their duties and are now earning £2 10s. per week. Mr. Brown is confident that the unemployed could likewise in the course of a few weeks make good wages if they would only try. Railway Revesue. — The revenue received from the Government railways for the month of April was £54,000. Geological. Map of Souih Australia.— We have received from the Surveyor- General a clearly defined and highly useful geological map of South Australia, exclusive of the Northern Territory. It shows the various formations, care being taken to indicate the upper and lower artesian water-bearing a3 well as the metal formations by colours, so that the nature of the country in that respect can be seen at a glance. The map has been prepared by Mr. H. Y. L. Brown, F.G.3., Government Geologist, and ia a revised edition on information to date of that pub lished in 1SS3. Ihe scale is 40 mile3 to the inch. A glance at the interior as delineated on the map shows the great extent of the interior plains, with their salt deposits aud lakes, sand and gravel drifts, and foasili ferons deposits. Chameeb of Commerce.— At the meeting of the committee on Wednesday, May 25, there were present Messrs. A. W. Meeks (Chairman), W. Herbert Phillipps, John Formby, E. Smith, John Gordon, A. Kauf man, H. C. £. Muecke, and F. S. C. Drit field (Secretary). Tha Melbourne Chamber of Commerce wrota promising some in formation as to the bss*i3 of the Cora Trade Sectional Committee of that Asso ciation. The subject of assignments was dis cussed at seme length. The Secretary re ported that he had written the Government for information respecting them, but as yet had received no reply. He waa instructed to continue to urge the matter upon them until the object was attained. The fallowing gentlemen were duly elected members of the Chamber : — Messrs. Harry Turner, Thomas, and Co., ikrymgour & Sons, Thomas E. Pugh, aca Arthur Waterbouse. A discussion took p?ace upon tha relative cost of forwarding ~col from the back country of the D*rliog via Silverton line aud via Echuca, aad the Secretary was instructed to get all the in formation he could from Messrs. Drew & Co, The Pbohotios' of South Australian Isdusteies. — A committee meeting in con nectiorj with this object waa held on. Thurs day, when the following were present :— Sir Samuel Davenport, Hons. W. A. E. West Erskine, M.LC, and S. Tomkiason, M.L.G, Messrs. Batedow, MR, Cohen, MJ*., Hombnrg, M.P., Motile, M.P., and- -T., Scherk, M.R, Councillor. Will-, cox, Messrs. T. Hardy and W. B. Wilkinson. The resolutions of which notice of motion waa given at the last meet hag were discussed. Mr. Moule'a proposition —'That it ia not desirable to ask the Government for any monetary assistance for the purpose of forming abroad a Company or Companies for the exportation of wine and Fruits from South Australia' waa Io3fc by 7 against 3. The second, by Mr. Hcmbarg, viz. — 'That the Government should be asked to grant an ad valorem export bounty for a limited term upon all wines and fruita ex ported by any Company who subscribed capital shall amount to at least £50,000 formed for the purpose of exporting wines or fruit' was carried by a majority of 7 against 3. NOKTHEBS FEDEBALQUABAKTESrE STATION. — Tha Government, in answer to their enquiries, have received replies from the Governments of the other colonies with, reference to the question of a federal quaran tine station at Port Darwin. There is a difference of opinion on the part of the other colonies where the station should be situated, and our Government, therefore, propose to re open the correspondence, advancing addi tional reasons in favour of Port Darwin. Ths Belais Foeest Reserve.— The Con servator of Forests (Mr. J. E. Brown) has engaged thirty men to cut firewood in the Belair Forest Reserve. Some of them will leave Adelaide this morning, and the re mainder will go on Monday. From 1,000 to 2,000 tons will be cut, for which 5s. per cord will be paid, each cord containing a little over 2 tons. A few men are now engaged in planting the ground at Belair which was cleared last year, and the Conservator ex pects this work to be finished next week. About 7,000 trees will b8 planted in all, con sisting chiefly of pines, plane3, and sugar gums. The SujrBEAai. — Lord Brassey's yacat left Glenelg at 1L40 on Thursday morning for Port Adelaide. It was reported that Hia Lordship's doga would be seized under the Dog Act This, however, ia not correct, and Sub-Inspector Doyle has notified Lsrd BrasBey that on the arrival of the yacht at the Port the does will not be interfered with. Reading poe Ligotkeepees. — Lidy Brassey having noted an appeal for books and reading matter for the use of the various liehtkeepers on the coastline at once directed a large selection of papers and journals to be made np on board the yacht, with the result that on tha very first opportunity parcels will be forwarded to the keepers, the monotony of whose lonely lives will be relieved by not only the pleasant and varied reading pro vided, but by the sense of a graceful ani grateful act of a distinguished voyageur. As Ikge- n-ious Iitvestioit. — An interesting labour and time saving invention ha3 been adopted by Messrs. J. Martin & Co., drapers, whose shops in Rundle-sfc-oet cover an extensive area. The firm l_ve employed a large number of cashboys, whose duty it has been to travel to and from the counter and office with cash and bills. The system, how- ? ever, has involved considerable delay, and con tributed to overcrowding through customers being detained for change or receipts. Mr. It. A. McCarty, an American, who for some years studied the Bubject with a view to some invention, brought out the rapid - service store railway system, and became associated with Mr. T. A. Ediaon in the development of the idea. Messrs. Martin & Co. have at considerable expense had two of the machines erected. In a central part on each side haa been placed a cashier's desk, whence Bteel wires radiate to the sales stations. Miniature cars pass almost noiselessly along these 'rails' from counter to desk and vice versa. 'When the salesman receives cash he puts the money with the account form into the car, and, pall ing a string, stretches a piece of indiarabber, which drive3 the car very rapidly along the wires to the cashier's desk. On arrival there the money is removed. The bill having been receipted and the change, if any, placed in the car, the cashier simply pulls the cord and the whole is returned to its starting point. A speed of 100 feet in three or four seconds is easily obtainable. The saving of time is vsry great, and there is no possibility of the cashier returning change to the wrong counter. The result is that cash boys are entirely dispensed with. The service is both novel and interesting as well as useful here. New Music— The 'Football Polka' i3 the title of a new piece of music composed by Mr. Geddes Taylor, and dedicated by per mission to the Victorian and South Austra lian Football Associations. It is simple in construction, with a cheering theme running through it, and will form a goad exercise for the young pianiste, Patsehah: and Paeadise Tramway.— The adjourned meeting of residents of Payne ham in reference to lowering the fares on the tramway took place in the Institute, on Wednesday evening, when ths deputation appointed to wait on the proprietors reported that they had interviewed thsm, with the result that after June 1 the fares to Payneh&m; y ticket would be 3d. and cash 4d. A vote of thanks to the deputation was carried : also a resolution to the effect that the residents support the Payneham and Paradise train a3 much as possible. The Cradock Ghost. — Our Orroroo corre spondent writes under date May 2S : — I understand that the child Schultz, who has been the medium through whom the 'ghostf' has been doing the ' knocking business,' is now residing with her friends at Blackrock. Several persons from here and Petersburg have viaited her to attend the stances. It ia a most peculiar fact that this knocking has been heard only at night. GbubsisgatEmu Flat.— The Conservator of Forests on Thursday received a letter from the official in charge at Emu Flat to the effect that thirty-one gangs of men were now engaged in grubbing there at 103. per acre, and that they were mailing fair wages at t&e; work. Next 'Week's Goveesmis? Lasd Sales. —At the Government Land Office on Wed nesday, June 1, Mr. Winton (the auctioneer) will offer the lease of educational land in tha Hundred of Terowie. On Thursday, June 2, a number of drainage leases in the Hundreds of Riddoch, Mount Muirhead, Mayurra, aud Kennion will be submitted. VoLUXTEES FOSCE GsiTEBAL OSDSBS.— The formation of the D, or Wilmington Mounted Infantry, Corps Volunteer Force, and of the E, or Melrose Mounted Infantry Corps Volunteer Force, has been approved of. Mr. E. P. Dignan, having been appointed lieutenant on probation, is posted to the Wilmington Company, and ia ap jrointed to the command of the same. Mr. W. O. Thomas having been appointed lieu tenant on probation, is posted to the Melrose Company, and i3 ap pointed to the command of tha same. The Brigadier- General Commandant has approved of the following promotions on pro bation in the Wilmington Company :— Pri- vate C. S. Holthouse to ba Company Ser geant-Major, Privates W. H. Cherry and R. Cole to be Sergeants, and of the following promotions on probation in the Melrose Company :— Private A. C. Ruthven to be Sergeant-Major, Privates C. F. Jorgensoii and P. Daley to be Sergeants, Volitxtees Foece Usifobm. — The of5-*ers of the Xo. 3 (central) District of the Volun teer Force met at the Black Ball Hotsl after the Review on Tuesday to consider the ques tion of uniforms. Major Roberta presided, and there were also present Captains Cai tine (Riverton), Tothill (First Midland), Wurren (Williamstown), and Lieutaoanta O'Connell (Burra) and .Jonea (Wallaroo). After some discussion all bat Cap tain Warren were in favour of the dark-blue uniform with light-blue facings, as adopted by the City Battalion. As, however, a change cannot be made ?without the unanimous consent of tne officers another meeting is to be held. In the meantime Brieadier-General Owen will be consulted. Scddks Death at Bowdes.— Corporal Booth reported to the City Coroner on Thursday that an old man named Robert Holden died suddenly at the Globe Hotel, Bowden, the previous night about 1L30. Ds ceased formerly resided at Norwood with his wife, but they had lived apart for soaie years, fle was a hawker, and was known aa' Tinker Bolden.' He went so the Globa Hotel on Wednesday evening and asked for a bad, saving the landlord Is-, which was all he had. FTo rpmainprl in had all d*v vesterdav^ and. in the evening the landlord called for Corporal Booth, to whom deceased had a conversation, in which he said he was 72 years of age, and wished to be taken to the Destitute Asylum The corporal told the- landlord to ges Dr. Stewart, but Holden died before the doctor's arrival. The Coroner is making enquiries, and has not yet decided to hold an inquest. The Levee. — The following additional apologies have been received for nonatten dance at the levee held by His Excellency the Governor on tbe 24th inst :— Mr. A. G. Burt, Mr. Arthur Day, Mr. J. J. Dun can, M.P., Dr. Gorger, Dr. John Rees. The Glkstexg Institute. — A meeting of subscribers of the Glenelg Iastitate was held at the Council Chamber oa Thursday evening, The meeting waa well attended, and presided o^er by Mr. H. D. GelL The object was to elect a new committee and new trnatee3, to repeal the present by-laws aud rules, and to adopt new by- laws and rules in lieu thereof, with necessary alterations. Tha Chairman explained that similar pians as that suggested by the Glenelg Corporation — that they should become trustees of the Institute — had been adopted inotherplsces, the Corporation having the sole control of the local Institute. The present trustees did not hold any property except personal on behalf of the subscribers. The Institute at the present time had ne?er been in a better position. The fitting liabilities had been cleared off, and the present outstanding accounts did not amount to more than £20, against which there were assets to the value of £475. That amount included the values set against furniture, &c.; and a Government sabaidy of £35, which would be payable in a few days. He esti mated that, apart from any rent, the yearly expenditure would be about £170. The number of subscribers on tha roll wa3 250, but thi3 did not represent the paying mem bera. New rules had been made, differing from the old ones in that ths Corporation of Glenelg would be appointed trustees, and be responsible to the subscribers. Bit the subscriber reserved to themselves the right of calling a special ganeral meeting of subscribers, and displacing the Corporation from their truBt. Councillor Scott Baid it had been decided that the subscribers should pay rent for the rooms used for Institute par poses. ? Mr. E, Amand Wright moved — 'That the old by-laws and rules be repealed, and the new one3 as proposed be adopted.' Mr. Sanders seconded. Mr. D. Nock thought that it was most undesirable that the Cor poration should have the control of the Insti tute, He advised the Corporation to con sent to allow the present committee to act, and that accommodation be allowed at as low a rental as possible. The Rev. Canon French moved as an amend ment that a committee be appointed to con fer with the Corporation as to terms of renting rooms in the Institute, and also to mak6 enquiries a3 to the possibility of obtain ing other accommodation in the town, the result to be reported to an- adjourned mest ing to be held in a fortnight's time. He thought that too gloomy a view had bean taken of the Institute. Although the present Corporation had the best intentions, there was no knowing what action future Councils might take. Mr. D. Nock seconded, and the amendment was carried. The following gentlemen were appointed as a committee :— Revs. Canon French, and C. Manthorpe, Messrs. H. D. Gell, D. Nock, and J. A. Kirkpatrick. Elephast Fish.— It is not often (Bays our Shipping Reporter) a specimen of thi3 very beautiful fish ia foond in our waters, bat on Wednesday the fishermen at the Semaphore secured a specimen over 2 feet ia length. It was intended for the Museum, bat Dr. Wylde, who is a psrfect enthusiast in ichthyology, took charge of it, and his minnte investigation furnished some moat interesting details of the creiture, It is very seldom so good a specimen ia secured, and therefore the circumstance is worthy of note, espaci&Uy; as it may probably be the means of drawing attention to the desirability of an aquarium being established somewhere on the coast line, in order that some more accurate know edge may be formulated aa to the habits of the denizens of our waters. Usion PARLTAiyrKXT. — The usual fort nightly meeting of this Association was held on Thursday evening in the Oddfellows' Hall, Franklin street. There were fifty members present. All the business on the paper waa postponed to allow of the debate on the address in reply to be proceeded with. Some animated speaking ensued, some members condemning the policy as puerile, while others believed it statesmanlike, con taining the cure for all the ills afflicting the colony. References were made to a caucus during the past week, but no definite hoatila action was threatened. At 10 o'clock the debate was again adjourned. Miss O'Gorman's Farewell Lecture.— Miss Edith O'Gorman delivered her farewell lecture in the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Thursday evening. The proceeds were announced to be in aid of public charities, but not more than 120 people were present. The Rev. J. McEwin presided. Miss O'Gorman spoke lengthily. There were many new features in her lecture. She dwelt on the subject of the penances which nuns in the convent where she spent six yeara of her life had to perform. She then spoke for some time with regard to the treat ment orphans who were entrusted to the care of the convent authorities had to undergo. She illustrated her lecture with many anecdotes. The lecture wa3 well re ceived. At the close of the lecture Me. Hussey moved — ' That the warmest thanks of this meeting be presented to Mrs. Auffray for her instructive lectures delivered in Ade laide and other places in this colony; that we express our sympathy with, her in tbe attacks which hare been mads upon hsr character, which we are perauaded are utterly without foundation ; and that we wish her godspeed in her fatare labour on behalf of all true liberty. We further express our conviction that all conventual and monastic institutions .hould be open to public inspection.' Mr. Pudney seconded acd the Rev, W, E. Rtaa supported* The motion waa carried unani mously and enthusiastically. Mr. Bamber then, on behalf of the Orangemen of South Australia, presented Mrs. Auffray with an address of sympathy and acknowledgment of her seventeen years of work in the cause. It wasBigned by J. S. Bagshaw, G.M, J. W. Bamber, G.S. , P.G.M., H. J. Padney, D.G. M, and handsomely bound in red morocco, bear ing a suitable inscription. The text was beautifully engrossed, and waa a very fine specimen of Mr. J. Gould's artiatio penman ship. The committee who arrange for the distribution of the net proceeds are the Revs. W. E. Rice and J. McEwin, Pastor Bamber, and Mesat s. W. B. Stephens, G. W. Cole, and C. W. Thcrnber(Eon. Sec). Dbuidism. — A representative gathering of Druids took place at the Sir James Fer gusson Lodgeroom on Wednesday night to honour Past Provincial President Topaara, who had recently retired from the chair. The Provincial Secretary (Mr. Gould, M.P.) presided. P.P.P. Topham waa presented with a handsome Past President's collar, being the first introduced since the Order had adopted new regalia in uniformity with the regalia of the sister colonies. Mr. Gould Baid he had been associated with Brother Topham all through his official career, and could unhesitatingly assert that he had never met a more enthusiastic and zealous officer. The Order had made more progress during hia terms of office than it had during any similar period in its past history. P.P.P. Perry, of the Sir Jamea Fergusson Lodge, of which Brother Topham is a member, spoke in high terms of the manner in whioh he had carried out his duties in hte own Lodge as well as those of the district, and referred to him aa a firm, conscientious, and energetic member. P.A. Menzel, of the Oak of Mitcham Lodge, referred to the hearty way in which Bi other Topham had worked in endeavouring to open new Lodges, and the good he had done infrequently visiting all the Lodges in existence. P. A. Macarty, of the Star of the South Lodge (Mount Barker), said Brother Topham had been the means of open ing Lodges in the South which now had at least 200 members. P.A. Pilcher, cf the Duke of Brunswick Lodge, also spoke of the benefit the Order had derived from the ervices of P.P.P. Topham. Others having added their testimony, P.P.P. Topham, in responding, said he felt that ha hardly de served all the kind remarks that had been nacfe about him. He Lad considered it to bs us duty to carry out faithfully his installation -bl'gation, and do his utmost to promote the wosperity of the Order, and he was pleased to iave reaBon to believe that his efforts had been :rowned with considerable success. He was sure ihat if he had displeased a few he had also nade many friends. He had spent consi derable time and used all his infiaence ia ?ndeavouring to secure Friendly Societies' ;ardens, and hoped to see the day when, like ;he kindred Societies in Melbourne, they vould have their own grounds upon which ;o hold their various celebrations. The jathering, which waa of a very pleaemt lature, was brought to a close at an early lour. S.A. Ostkich Company, Lixttzd. — The general meeting was held at the office of tfr. W. L. Ware, Adelaide, on Thursday, ilay 26. The Hon. D. Murray, M.L.C., presided, and there was a fair attendance. Che reports from the farm at Port Augusta s-ere of a most encouraging nature, a splen lid season being assured. There were 415 jirds of various ages in stock, all healthy. Ihs balance-sheet to April SO last showed ihat the assets of the Company were £16,454 L4s., and its liabilities £5,131 10a. 10 J. ilessra. J. M. Anderson and J. F. Cadmore svere re-elected Directors, and Meaars. G. F. Gardner and H. Stodart Auditors. S.A. Coastikg Seamen's Ukios.— The weekly meeting of this Union was held in ;he Working Men's Hall, Port Adelaide, on Ehursday evening. Mr, Ivor McGHlivray, F.P., presided. One new member was sleeted, making a total number of 572. The furriers' Union wrote that they had ;ome to a settlement of the recent lispute by the firm meeting them lalfway, A letter was rsceived from the Maritime Labour Council, calling attention ;o the unfair practice in vogue in some of the wasting craft, namely, making the crew :arry potatoes and other cargo into stores natead of on to the wharf only. The South Australian Coasters' Association had been isked to prohibit this abuse in future. A proposition to the effect that no member :arry cargo into the stores waa carried, rhe Secretary was instructed to write to the Federated Seamen's Union, complaining that ;wo of their members had shipped in the barque Armistice with non-Union men. Mr. F. Massey was elected a trustee, The jnarterly balance-sheet showed recsip;a EM? 123. 9d., and payments £33 123. There was left a balance in the Bank of £75 I03. 9d. LtCTUBE.— An interesting lecture on !l President Garfield' was delivered to a fair ludience on Wednesday evening in Young street Church by the Rev. W. F, James. Ihe lecture, which was under the auspices of the newly formed Mntaal Improvement Society, was presided over by Mr. Grayson, M.P., who urged upon the yonng men present the benefit derivable by joining such 1 Society, The lecture conveyed in a marked manner the many admirable qualities in the iharacter of General Garfield. A vote oi thanks, proposed by Mr. Joseph Ashton and seconded by the Rev. J. Foster, was passed to the lecturer, while the Chairman's services were acknowk: ' .r.i through Mr. Gould, M.P. and Mr. T. L---uirds. The choir sang same raitable hymns, Mr. G. Wright leading. Abelina Pattl — A New York paper publishes the following observations of Patti ; — ' I know, although they call me Queen of Song, it is not because I am the greatest singer, but because there are many gifts in the same person in me. I am not beautiful, but I pass for pretty— that's one ; I am tole rably graceful— that's two; I am a good dresser— thafs three ; I have a way with me that is piquant — that's four; I like my pnblic— and thafs five — for my public like me because I like them, and never tire oi pleasing them ; I have a good voice — that's Bix j I know how to sing very well my way— that's seven; I always know my music— that gives comfort to the audience, and may count as eight ; I act fairly well the r61es I shag — that's nine.' What more could one want in a singer? Madame Patti, writing to a friend, gives the following account of the ? bomb incident in San Francisco :—' The man fnlly intended blowing us all up. He wanted to kill Mr. Flood, but as he and his family were in the Btage-box, of course it would have killed me also. He knew that, and said to a lad; sitting next to him, when I had almost finished singing, 'I never heard Patti sing before. She is really wonderful, but this shall be her last 8ong.: The lady was natu rally much alarmed to hear the man talk like this, and just as she was attempting to call 3ome one, he lifted a bottle from under his 3eat, lit a match, and immediately the whole thing exploded right in his face. The noise was something dreadful, and people lost their head?, but I soon calmed, them down by sing ing * Home, Sweet Home,' and thus, 1 think, prevented a panic' European Wae Expenditure.— The Fi nancial Rej ormer for April (remarks Truth) contains some interesting statistics in re gard to the debt of Europe and its war ex penditure. In 1865-6 the debt of Europe waa estimated at £2,640,000,000, and the amount requisite for interest on it was £97,520,000. At present the debt is £4,684,480,000, and the mount requisite for interest on it is 2213,640,000. Now take America. In 1SG6 the debt was £600,000,000, entailing a charge [or interest of £29,200,000. In 1886 the debt tras £289,000,000, and the annual charge was £10,200,000. The amount annually spent by :he European countries to keep up ;heir' armies and navie3 is £181,120,000. Ihe amount spent by America is about £8,000,000. Adding, therefore, the cost [or war debts and for armaments together, it will be seen that Europe pays 2394,760,000 and America £18,000,000 per innum. How possibly can Europe hope to iold her own against her Transatlantic rival nrhen she handicaps herself in the struggle 'or commercial supremacy with the itapendouB charge of £376,000,000 per innum 1 As if this were not enough, Europe a each year increasing her burden, whilst America is each year reducing hers. CoU' ;rary to wb.atj perhaps, is supposed to be ;he case, the country that spends the mo3t m armaments is Russia. Her annual er» penditure on them ia £39,520,000, and the Interest on her debt is £41,760,000. Ia it surprising that she is bankrupt? Bat what is surprising is that any sane person la willing ;o hold a Russian bond. If I had one of the lominal value of £100, and could not get nore for it than 100 farthings, I should at puce exchange it for this amount of copper 3peoie. firvEB Levels. — The foEowiag figurss 3how the Btate of the rivera at tha under mentioned Dlaces at 9 a.m. on Thursday, May 26 : — Murray— Albury 1 ft. 9 in. j Wah gunyah, 1 ft 10 in. ; Echuca, 6 [t. 8 in. ; Swanhill, 6 ft. ; Over land Corner, 10 ft. 11 in. ; Morgan; 12 ft. 6 in. Murrumbideee — Gundagai, 3 ft, 5 in.; Wagga Wagga, 2 ft. 9 in,; Hay, 2 ft. 3 in. ; Balranald, 6 ft 8 in.; Darling — Bourke, 5 ft. 3 in. ; Lontb, 5 ft 10 in.; Wilcannia, 9 ft. 9 in.; Menindie, 26 ft. 8 in.; Pooncarie, 23 ft 8 in. ; Went worth, 12 ft 5 in. Namoi and Barwoa — Namoi, 2 ft. 6 in.; Bar won at Walgett, 4 ft 6 in. ; Brewarrina, low; Mogil and Mungundi, low. Cnlsoa— Goodoga, 2 ft. The Bibthdat Review. — Ia oar enumera tion of the companies of the Volunteer Force present at the Review on Tuesday last we omitted to mention the Burra Company, of which Captain Holder, Lieutenants O'Connell and Butterworth, and forty-two noncom missioned officers and men (including fourteen in the band) were on parade. St. Augustine's Sunday-school.— A pro menade concert and sale of goods will be held in the Unley Town Hall this evening in aid of the Building Fond of this SundayschooL Hbbe H. Scheades.— Herr H. Schrader will give a concert in the Town Hall this evening. _ __ Thb Late Mb. Habold Dow«teb.— Tbe Rev. H. M. Pollist was present at the funeral of the late Mr. Downer. St Bedb's Chusch, Se3iaphoee._— A con cert will be given this evening in aid of the choir of this Cnnrch. 