SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -so "VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB MEETING. a The oppressive weather of Saturday had the effect of decreasing the attendance at Caulfield to a number far below the average, and there were not more than 5,000 persons present The continued drought gave the Usually verdant lawn and paddock a parched and withered appearance. The racing was of an interesting character, the arrangements were as perfect as usual, and with the exception of the centre camps in the steeplechase the day's sport was thoroughly enjoyable. His Excellency the Governor and suite drove down to the course early, and remained the greater part of the afternoon. The catering arrangements of Mr. Skinner were excellent The programme this year contained the same number of races as that of the previous corresponding day, but the order was slightly changed. The Selling Race was first this year instead of the Hurdle Race, and the Oakleigh Handicap preceded the Criterion Stakes. Very shortly after the advertised hour a-dozen out of the IS on the card were taken in hand for the first event, of which number Ariel, Liddington, and Warfield were backed, the first named for the most money. Ariel indulged Liddington, Warfield, and Breeze with the lead until entering the straight, when he was taken to the front and won with ease. At the distance The Ghost made one of his characteristic rushes, but was unable to get closer than a length from the winner. On being offered under the sell- ing conditions he was returned to his owner for £150. The principal event of the day-us it promised to give some insight to the Newmarket Handicap came next, and the only absentee from the 20 on the list was Seaweed. There was a fair amount of wagering, seven of the number receiving strong support. Surprise and Chicago were about equal favorites at the post Though the latter opened at b to 1, so persistent were his supporters that he hardened to as short a price as the ultimate winner. Master John went out at 6 to 1 against, and Maddelina and Honora at 8 to 1. Maddehna was as usual in a fractious mood, and gave the starter some trouble when he was arranging the horses in line. Hoe Iron, on the extreme outside, was moving when the King went down, and had a clear advantage of the held. Munwyrtina, Magniher, St. Leonards, Surprise, and Devotion were also quick in moving, but Bonnie Doon was slow, and occupied a rear position throughout the race. As they came along the railway side Devo- tion ran up to Hot Iron, and at the same time Surprise, Magnifier, and Master John left the second division for a run at the leaders. Sirocco, Chicago, and Louise Berta were among the latter number, and before the held had reached the home turn had also improved their positions. Rounding the turn Master John had his head in front of De- motion, and as he was going strong his supporters loudly proclaimed him the winner. At the distance Gorry brought Surprise from third position to the quarters of the two leaders with a great rush, and, keeping him going to the last stride, just managed to get up, and won by the shortest of heads. Master John was a length and a half in front of Chicago and Honora; Devotion and St. Leonards were so close together that it was impossible to say which was fourth. The others were scattered over a dozen lengths, with Bonnie Doon and Uvie the last pair. The winner is not engaged in the Newmarket Handicap. Maddehna never appeared to try at any part of the journey. For the Hurdle Race 10 of the 14 acceptors went out, the absentee being Luueme. Huntsman, of the Dowling Forest stable, had the services of Corrigan, and started at the short odds of 5 to 4 against, notwithstanding that he was giving the lowest weight nearly 3st Encore was also strongly supported at 5 to 2, and Louis at 6 to 1. The lay curate was the first to cut out the work, but after passing the stand Corrigan brought him back to the centre of the field. -Mirth carried on the running with Revenge last. As they ascended the hill Louis and Encore. alternately led, with Huntsman and Mirth side by side. In the dip Sinking Fund was taken last on the inside, and at the back was half a length in front of income Coming to the BOU (wall Spartan, who had never been far away from the leaders, ran up to Louis, and at the hurdle there the three were within half a length of each other ; Mirth dropped back to Revenge, and Roy and Sinking Fund were beaten. Louis had a half length advantage of Spartan as they rounded the turn for home, and Encore was a length behind the two. Spartan made a very bold bid for first place. Twice he reached Loum, but in the last stride the latter got his head in front, and the hat of the judge was a victory by a love for the son of Julian Avenel. Hucore was third, the favourite fourth, Revenge occupying the rearmost position throughout the race. Mirth fell at the last jump, and was so much injured that he had to be destroyed. Clamour was an absentee in the Criterion Stakes, a five-furlong run. Bedouin was a strong favourite at 5 to 4 against, and Casuist, Albert Loddon, and Wilson were supported at longer odds. Liedertafel was first away, but as soon as they had settled into their stride Ivimy had the favourite in front, then came Albert Loddon, Mr. Miller's pair, Sunshade, Casuist, and iiranchiopoda in the order named. Bedouin led into the straight by half a length from Albert Loddon. AViInra improved his position, and was only a length and a half from the leader. The three left the field and settled down for a hard finish. Hales rode a desperate race, and just managed to get Albert Loddon home by a neck in front of the favourite. Wilson was half a length behind for third place. Ivimy made too much of Bedouin from the start, or the positions would, probably, have been reversed. The winner is full brother to Archie, and is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap. The Steeplechase had a dozen starters, and considerable surprise was expressed when it was observed that in fact late experience the large field was started from the end of the straight instead of a much greater distance away from the first fence. The result was only what was predicted. More than half the horses came to the jump at the same time, and four of them came to gneiss is , Moon- light, Framlingham. Salesman, and Huntsman Mr. Cox, on Salesman, was seriously injured, and the well-known cross country jockey M'Gowan rendered unconscious by a blow caused by one of the horses falling on him. He received a terrible gash on the side of his face, and will probably lose the sight of one of his eyes. He was removed to the Melbourne Hospital loiVifreatment The riders of Huntsman and .vtooiilulit were shaken, but escaped with bruises. Now that a serious accident has huppenejttit has been decided by the committee to stAR all future steeplechases in the siruiLhTO and to miss the three jumps opposite ne stand until the last time round. Hutoflthescrimmage Marmion led the horses which stood up, with Promotion, Studley, Little Jack, Roulette, Goodwood, and hvtpetnjÉíat in the order named. Opposite the stand Burton made a very clever recovery when Little Jack over- jumped himself. GcKxluSQod was kept in a good position to the su I I ill the second time round, and at the last itncerVfcad the held completely at his mercy. In types straight he was cantering, and though jïfcwlette was allowed to get within a InivtljAWnd a half Goodwood could have you IJjpT ZOO yards The Hawkesburn Han top, James 10 starters, brought the meeting read Joe. Lord W Ilton was favourite at a point better than Britisher and LeBbiu. The mineral horse won an interesting race from King of the West, an outsider, and Lesbia third. The following are the details of the racing :- ' SELLING RACE, Of ISO GOVE. Winner to be held for £50. Four furlongs Mr. C. L Macdonald's oh K And, by Brandon Dolo mare (who), 6yrs, est Olli. (Tomlin) .. 1 Mr. b. Martin's ch g Liddington (nil), aged, 6st 2lb (Blair) 2 Mr. J. G. Hall's ch g The Ghost (nil), aged, 6st 2lb. (Morrison's Mr. D. Fountain ns ch g Warfield (£10), aged, 8st Dib., carried 6st 10lb. (Fountain) .... 0 Mr. A. F, Bradshaw ns ch in canned (nil), aged, Cat 4lb (O'Neil) 0 Mr. T. U. Hunt's br m Ambassadress (nil), foursome 4lb (ltnee) 0 Mr. L. Day's b m Miss lurucll (nil), 0 j ra or aged, 10st 4lb (albumen) 0 Mr. G. Davis's b ( Meerschaum (nil), 4 ) yrs, 6st 4lb,, carried 6st Mr. (R diluais).0 Mr. H. Haines's ch g breeze (nil), 6 yrs, 9st 2lb. (Gorry's Mr. W. S. Cox, jun.'s, b B T.B (nil), 6yrs, 9st 2lb. (Brooks) 0 Mr J. G. Read's b g Bar One (nil), aged, 6st 2lb. thunder) 0 tor. C Parslow's b g Firebrace (£20), 2 j rs. 8st 2lb. (Holmes) 0 Betting.-7 to 4 east Ariel, 3 to 1 agst Liddington, E to 1 at st Breeze, 6 to 7 agst Warfield. T.B. was quickest away, followed by Ariel and Breeze They had scarcely settled into their stride when the last named rushed to the front, and carried on the running along the railway) line. Utae upon his heels were Arid!, Liddlmjton, Warfield, and the Ghost At the the late the straight Liddington an 1 Ariel were both on terms with Breeze, and at the dis- lance The Ghost came very fast on the inside The favourite was at the head of affairs oinwäitctlie lawn, and won by half a length with something,,' in hand in bolero. Liddington was second and The Ghost third half a length off Then came Ambassadress, State school, Warfield, Jills Paris li, and Seaweed last 20 lengths behind the others The winner was bought in for £150. THE OAKLEIGH HANDICAP, Of 200 sovs., and 3 costs, each; second, 60 sovs t third, 25 sovs. Five furlongs and a half Mr. T. Jones's ch c Surprise, by young) man Venus, 6 yrs, 7st Mr (Goto) 1 Mr. J. Thompson's b c Master John, S ) rs, G (il'Qrath) 2 Mr. I Foulsham is br c Chicago, By ra, 9st 10lb. (Morrison) Marion W. A. Long's ch I Mad learns, 3 yrs, 6st 7lb. (Powers Mr. S Miller's br c Munwyrtina, 3 yrs, 7st 111. Sweeney) 0 Mr. F. Clissold's ch f Bonnie Doon, 4 yrs, 7st, lb. (Trahan). " .. 0 Mr. H. Oxenham's ch o Phaon, 4 yrs, 7st. 6th. Mr J. Walsh, June, brig Even, store, at 616. (Moon.) ,.. Q Mr J W Whittingham's br m Honora, 6 yrs, Sat Gib. (Rnnugo) 0 Mr. W. h Dale's br c Damocles, 3 yrs, 7st 5lb (I*lnij).0 Mr R Bence's br b Cadland, 5 yrs, 7st 2lb. (Bence) . .... "0 Sir so Cook's br m Marie Louise, 5 yrs, 7st 2lb. (Murphy) 0 Mr W Moran's b g Jim Cain, 4 yrs, 7st lib. (Oprey Mr S. Cudmore's br f Magnifier, 4 yrs, 7st lib, (Tomlin) . , 0 Mr I. U Smith's br of Louisa Berta, 3 yrs 7st (blaming Mr S Miller's ch t Devotion, 3 yrs, 6st. 12 lb. (Ricketson) 0 Mr. H H Falkiner's br g St Leonards, 6 yrs, 6st. life , earned 13st. lib (Fidden) .... 0 Mr. J. G. Reid's br c Hot Iron, 3 yrs, Oct. 1916., carried 7st. lib. (Guy) 0 Mr T. Willlams's b h Sirocco, 6 y ra, 9st. 10lb. (W Hlinnm) 0 Betting- s to 1 each nest Surprise and Chicago, 0 to 1 agat Master John, 8 to 1 each at Maddümaand Honora, 10 to 1 next Sirocco. The Held gave the starter a little trouble at the post in consequence of the fraction wess of Mad Selina, and the anxiety of some of the best pet well away. Hot Iron on theextrcmcoutbido and Mun- i wvrtlnanext him whereas, well away as any, and when they were fairly on, the order was Hot Iron, Man writes Magnifier, St Leonards, Surprise, Devotion, there together and Bonnie Doon last Running down the side Devotion reached the tenders, and MutmiOer and Surprise moved up Master John also came from thorne. and as they swept round the turn Louise Berta, Sirocco, and Chicago Improved their positions, while Master John led Devotion by half a length for premier petition. Inside the distance the first named looked like winning but Gorry on Surprise came with a great rabl and, gradually wearing down the leader, won by a head, a length and a half separating; Master John from Chicago, Honora, St Leonards, Devotion, and Sirocco were all close together for the next position, the rest were scattered over a dozen lengths, and Kue was absolutely last Time, 1m As. HANDICAP HURDLE. RACE, Of 200sovs and Sbova. each; second, DO sovs.; third, SO Sovs One mile and a half. Mr. A Davies's ch g Louis, by Julian Avenel Eugenie, 5 yrs, 10st 2lb (D. O'Brien) .. "1 Mr. D. Fountain na cb g Spartan, aged, 9st 41 b. (Barr). .... .... 2 Mr. A. Uoliubourg's cb g Encore, aged, lost 4lb. (Malone).. .. 3 Mr. M. Loughlin's b g Huntsman, aged, 11st 12lb. (Corrigan) 0 Mr. B. Milne's br g Revenge, 3 yrs, 11st (Gaghan) 0 Mr S. Nathan's b g Mirth, 6 yrs, 10st 10lb. (M'Gowan) 0 Mr W. Brooks's ch g Footman, aged, 10st 5lb. (Gardner) 0 Mr. A. F. Bradshaw's ns br h Sinking Fund, aged 10st 2lb., including 7lb, penalty (King).. 0 Hon W. Pearson's b g Hoy, 0 rs, Ost (M'Leod) 0 Betting.-5 to 4 agst Huntsman, 2 to 2 agst Encore, 0 to 1 agst Louis, 8 to 1 agst Spartan. Immediately after the starter gave the word to go Huntsman made play, and led to the first hurdle, which was crossed in the following order Hunts man, Cucare, Mirth, Louis, Footman, Best centre, and Boy last As they passed the band and left the straight Mirth had a half-length advantage from Louis ; Encore and Spartan were together, Huntsman next, Footman, Sinking Hind, and Revenge last Ascending the hill Louis and moore raced together for 50 yards, with Mirth and Hanuman three lengths away, and Revenge several lengths behind everything, Along the back sinking Fund came on the inside and ran Up to Encore, who was leading Mirth by half a length, the others remaining in the same order as when they reached the top of the hill. Along the railway side Spartan went up to Louis, Huntsman displaced Mirth, and as they passed the sod wall spartan, Louis, and 1 negro were within half a length of each other, H.uman, who appeared to tire, next, Hoy. Sinking Fund (who had fallen back), Mirth, and Revenge still toll bar: on In the rear. Bnturlmr the straight Louis had a half length advantage over Spartan Encore was a length away, and the others tailing off. Mirth fell at the last jump. Inside the distance Spartan made a game attempt to catch the leader, and at the end of the man a we as almost on terms with him. O'Brien, however, kept his horse going and won by a nose. 1 score was third a leugthnndalnlf away, then came Hunts- man, Footman, boy, Sinking Fund, and He avenge last TimE, Um. 2s. THE CRITERION STAKES, Of 6 sovs. each, with 200 sovs added. For two-year olds. Second, 40 sovs; third, 10 sovs. Five furlongs. Captain Haimes's bro- Albert Loddon, by Rapidity -Eugenic, 7st. 8lb. (Hartnoll Hon. W, Pearson's bro- Bedouin, Ost (Ivimj) .. 2 Mr. S. Miller's br of killara, 7st 2lb. (Ricketson) .. 3 Mr. J. R Crooke's b o Casuist, 8st 7lb. (Damage) 0 Mr. A. Jlallnbourg's br f Smisbado, Sst landers) 0 Mr. S. G. Cook's b f Liedertafel, 7st 8lb (Murphy) 0 Mr. S. Miller's b or br t Pingara, 7st. 4lb. (Turner) 0 Mr. S. Gardiner's b o Branchlopoda, 7st (3lb. (Powers' settings to 4 agst Bedouin, 4 to 1 agst Casuist, 0 to 1 each Albert Loddon and W Uara. They were not kept long at the post, and as soon as the flag went down Liedertafel, who was moving on the outside, was first to make play. When they had settled down Bedouin displaced Liedertafel, then came Albert Loddon. Pinunra, Warata, and Casuist last. At the sod wall Albert Loddon was in front, Bedouin and Willard together, and Branchlopoda had dropped back lost * At the turn the order was about the same, with the exception that Sunshade had retired beaten. Entering the straight Bedouin, on the inside, and an advantage of half a length over Albert loddon, and Wilson was a length behind the pair. Inside the distance Hales had Albert Loddon at his bene-, and by the time they had reached the post he had fair!) morn down the favourite, and won by a long neck. Willard was half a length away for third place, then came Casulat, Pingara, Liedertafel, Sun shade, and brachiopods last Time, 1m. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, Of SOO sovs and 5 sovs. each ; second, 70 sovs ; third 40 Sovs. 12 of miles and a half. Mr. T. Jones's b (r Goodwood, by Slanderer Farmer's Daughter, aged, 11st 10lb. (Anderson) 1 Mr J. Harbottlo'sroiï Roulette, Cars, lUst 12lb. (Ferguson) .. .- at 2 Mr. S Miller's b g Studley, 6 j rs, 12st 8lb. (Watson). Mr. W. Y. Bryant's brm Ruby, aged, 12st 2lb. (Williams) 0 Mr. T, Corrigan's b g Promotion, Byra, 10st 2lb. (Owners Mr. B. Watt's b g Little Jack, aged, 10st 5lb. (Burton). Mr. K Strickland's b S Huntsman (late Dan cor) aged, 10st 2lb. (Sam) 0 Mr. 1. Foulflhani us br g Marmion, 5 yrs, lost (Maloney Mr J Taylor's b g Sweetmeat, aged, 8st 12 lb. (Gardner) 0 Mr. J. M'Grade'Bbr S Moonlight, aged, 9st 10lb. (Allen's Mr. G. Glasscock's b g Framlingham, 0 ^ ra, 9st 7lb. (M'Gowan) 0 Mr. W. S. Cox. jun's, b g Salesman, aged, 9st 7lb. (Owners Betting -4 to 1 each lost Studley and Promotion, 5 to 1 agst Goodwood, is to 1 again lined t to and Marmion, 6 to 1 agst Sweetmeat 'tha Hold came to the first obstacle in a cluster, and four of them Moonlight, Framlingham, Salesman, and Huntsman-fell 1 assing the stand Marmion was in front, and follow, ed at short intervals by Pro- motion, Studley, Roulette, and Sweetmeat Ust At the third of the treble Little Jack overjumped himself, and threw Burton out on to his neck, but the latter made a clever recovery and kept his place with the field Lei via: the straight Marmion carried on the running from Roulute, Promotion, studley. Ruby. Goodwood, little Jack, and Sweetmeat still behind. At the top of the hill the order was only channel by Uoiiletto dropping back, and Studley moving into second place. At the back the jump was SLM; negotiated by the field, which was accompanied by 19 Framlingham riderless. Along the railway and on to the sod wall the order was not thank. him and this obstacle was a liar ed by Marmion lending Studley by three lu>i,t!i3, and the latter 12 lengths in advance of Promotion, The second division was composed of Roulette and Goodwood, Little Jack and Ruby having fallen back to the rear Liiurmg the straight the second time the order was Marmion, Promotion, Goodwood, Little Jack, Rous little, the others together, and Sweetmeat last 1 passing the stand Marmion was half a length in front of Little Jack, Roulette three lengths away next, Promotion, Studley, Goodwood, and Ruby last Marmion led over the river on the hills, but, as soon as they were over the jump, studley displaced him, and carried on the running to the back. Hire the field closed up Goodwood mo ing into third place. Coming on to the trod null studley and Promotion were within H length of one another, then came Goodwood, Ruby, Little Jacrt, Roulette, and Marmion, WHO began to tire after two units, dropped to the fact position At the last fence Goodwood headed the field, and Ruby came through from the rear division, but as they entered the straight Goodwood had the field hope less beaten, and cantered in an easy winner. Roulette was second, a length and a half away, and three lengths back engine Studley for third place; then came Ruby, Sv> comment, Little Jack, Marmion, and Promotion pulled up but lime. Dm. 37d THE LAW KSnuilN* HANDICAP, Of 2.10 sovs., and 3 Sovs. each. Second, 60 sovs,; third, 25 sovs. One mile and a quarter and a distance Mr M Loughlin's b g Britisher, by John Bull Favourite, aged, Sit 12lb (Fallon) .... 1 Mr. J. Murray's b of King of the West, 4 yrs, 7st (Opie) 2... 2 Mr. O. Barnett's b m Lesbia, aged, 9st 8th, (Gorry) 3 Mr. E. W. Ellis's ch h Lord Wilton, 5 yrs, 8st 10lb , including 7lb. penalty (Campbell) 0 Mr. S. Martin's b g Hogmanay, at 3 am, Sat 3lb. (Hales). - a -0 Mr I. Foulsham is by 0 Kohai, 4 5 yrs, 8st 3lb, including 7lb. penalty (Tralian) .... ..0 Mr. J. R. Crooke's b b Chuckster, aged, 7st 6th. (Uamaire) ... ..0 Mr. H. Oxenham's br h Gipsy's Warning, 5 yrs, 7st 4lb (James) 0 Mr. T. Rennison's ch h Salvo, 5 5 yrs, 7st, including 7lb. penalty (Tomlin). .. 0 Mr. M. Jacobs's b Metal, 3 yrs, 6st. 8lb. (Red- fern) 0 Betting -2 to 1 agst Lord Wilton, 3 to 1 each agst Britisher and Usbio. When the flag' went down the colours of the favourite were most prominent, and next to him were Lesbia, Koh U, and Britisher, Hogmanay in the centre, and the other in a cluster. Passing the stand the three first named were in close company ; Klug of the West was a half lengths in front of Briiut'ier, then came Gipsy's H anning, Chuckster, Metal, and Hogmanay dropped back last In these positions the) rounded they that turn, but as they amended the full Hogmanay was taken to the front, and carried the field along to the back at a great pace. Next him was King of the West, Lord Wilton, and Salvo, with British at the head of Leslie, Cohan, and Umekbter, and Metal and Gipsy s Warning together last Rounding the home) tin 11 cave ran into second place, and ttHti-ihrr letter fast from the second division At the distance he was on my terms nth Roumania), and King of the first, on the rails, made a great effort to reach Britisher Gee he was within a couple of strides, and Lesbia reached his quarter), but said on kept the ball from her so police, and was won by t li ret- fjurirttrd of 11 length, about double that distance separating Luahia from his? of the West Uogtnau LV was fourth, Salvo filth, bold vivid. Lord Wilton Miveiith, McUl eighth, Chuckster next, and Gipsy's Warning hut. Time, 2m says 