THE SYNOD m m IPMIIUM [FltOM DUB OWN EEI'ORTEA.] On TiHoduy, at noon, m tli Lyceum Nv-ucomen stn et Ne\vca-,Ue the seeond session < t the eighth Synod of the Diocese of Isewcibtle «as opt ned by the ViCfti General (tile Eev Conon belwyn ) Ihe uieiiibeis of ¡synod previously itteuded morning service in Clinst Chureh pro cathedral, when Holy Communion w a-, administered Vi hen the members assembled in the li ill the Preaid nt offend piayei He thin io id Ins appointmont as Vicai General and as Oommissuy Iii roll w is then called the following meinbeis ans« ere J to their names -Cleigy Canon Selwyn (Viear Gcnei ii) Canons Tyiiell und White Eevs 1 D Bode G VT Brown W V Colyer J Dixon E E God laid SCI Game A C Hoggins, A C Hirst A J Hitchcocl W F James P S Lus eombe, H S Millird CAS Miuton S nhous J X Nash, J P Oil»» V J II Pn st, G V Eush forth A Shaw, B E Shi« J Shaw, S Simm "K Sttiudlehurst, <V. C Ihoiins, V\ Tolhs 1 D Wurner E M Walker, W H H Yarlington Laity Messrs J W Allwoith E W Beaibj, J B Bettington, Mijor Holton Me=sis S Clift H li cotton J Crawford, H Bmnett, J B Holmes I Hungerford, W E Logan, J P Luke, T J Naylor E Pu nell J beholey C Sweetland G S Mallei, F E A\ lute, L E Wiaeman Hie lay represen tatn es elect« d since last seosion handed in their certificates of election ind the cleigy who had not done BO signed the deelaiatiou of submission to Sjnod Hie PursiDLNT then declaied the Synod duly constituted On the motion of the Eev J DIXON hpconded by the Bi \ T D BODE it was ordeied that the commissions appointing Canon bohvyn Vic ir Genei ü and Commissaiy be inscribed in the minutes of tho Synod IlESOLUTION 01 STMl'ATHT WITH THE BISHOP. Having piocured the suspension of the hindering standing oidei, the Eev S SIMM moved without notice the following lesolution " That this Synod, befoie entering upon the business of the session, desires to express its piofound regret that the Eight Ee vox end the Bishop of the Diocese is pre- vented tlnough illness fiom piesidmg over its deliboialiona, and to îecord its deep sense of the loss windi the Synod and the Church at large will sustain by his absence This Synod further desires to expiess its heartfelt sympathy with the Bishop ind Mrs Peaison aindei this painful trial, and earnestly hopes this change and rest, with God's blessing, may effect a perfect cure This Synod requests the Vicai-Geneial to transmit a copy of the foicgoing lesolution to the Bishop and Mrs Peaison " The Eev S SIMM, in moving the sus> peuaion of the standing older, said-Mr President, I desire, with the kind consideration of the Synod, to say a word or two before I introduce a motion of sympathy in connexion with our dear Bishop, who is absont fiom us for the fiist time during his episcopate And the fooling of legiet, which all cherish, is, I am sure, the deeper because of the ill- ness of oui deal Bishop Now, before I submit this motion, I must move the suspension of the 20th standing order. [The speaker accoidmgly formally pioposed the motion, which was cairied ] He then said It is not my intention to make any lengthenedremarks But it oecui red to me that there would be a strong feeling of regret at the absence of our dear Bishop I have therefoie endeavouied to embody that feeling of regret in the form of a motion, -nkich I now beg to move Canon Win in said-I think this is a motion in which we can all agreo It does not need any woids to express the sympathy which every clergy- man and every lay menibei of Synod feels in the woids expieBsed in the resolution I will say no more, theietore, but will simply second the résolu tion The resolution as above v\as then put by the Picsident, and carried by the whole of the members of Synod using to then feet in token of affirmation I THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The PRESIDENT then delivered the following address: MY BRETHREN OF THE* CLERGY AND LJUTY, You have been accustomed for so many years to listen to the words of men eminently able to give you wise counsel and advice that I feel deeply how unable I am to say to you all that you have.beeu accustomed at such a time as this to expect. I ask therefore for your more than kind forbearance while to the best of my ability I endeavour to set before you such a statement of the past, present, and future work of the Church as seems to me at this time necessary. And first you will naturally desire to know all that I can tell you about him whose absence we all deeply feel to-day, our Bishop : From the public papers you will have learned that he sailed from Brisbane to England on Tuesday, the 17th of last month, and by a letter received by me dated the 14th, I learned that he was better than his medical men had expected, and that he looked forward with pleasure to the voyage home. The present arrangement is that he will be absent from the Diocese until the end of the year, and it is hoped that perfect rest, and the best medical treatment, will in tile course of that time bring about, with God's blessing, that perfect recovery of health which the whole Diocese prays for. In the meantime, by reason of his absence, there has devolved upon me the duty of administer- ing the affairs of the Diocese, and in the ordinary course of our Diocesan arrangements we are meet- ing here to day for the 2nd session of our 8th Synod. It.will be for you to determine how far you will proceed with' the work that ordinarily comes before our Synods : some of it at any rate will necessarily havo to be undertaken, some of it possibly may with advantage be postponed until such time as the presence of our Bishop may enable us to deal with it more eifectively. Our Synod Roll to-day shews some changes from that of last year. From amongst the Laity one has been called away by death, who for many years past was always in his place early and late to do what he could to set in order the work of the Church. In losing Mr. Allan Hickey, the Church at large, and Raymond Terrace in particular, loses an attached, though very unobtrusive friend. From amongst the Incumbents of our Parishes the ! Revs. A. A. Maclaren and F. R. Newton havo gone the one to accompany our Bishop to England, the other to the Diocese of Sydney. From those hold- ing a license without cure, Mr. Porter and Mr. Longbottom have left-the one the Diocese, the other the colony. Against the losses we have to put the acquisition of six men, who have taken up work amongst us : The Rev. A. C. Senhouse Menton-Senhouse, at Stockton ; the Rev. A. C. Hoggins, at Cassilis ; the Rev. A. C. Hirst, at Hamilton; the Rev. Sydney Grime, as curate in the Cathe- dral parish ; and the Rev. 'Alfred Hitchcock as curate to Rev. Mr. B. Shaw, at Single- ton. The newly-formed district of Mount Vincent, which was vacated by the Rev. F. R. Newton, has been filled by the Rev. C. Withey, formerly incum- bent of Hamilton. The Rev. T. D. Warner has taken charge of the parish of St. Paul, West Mait- land, in place of the Rev. Mr. Maclaren. And the Rev. Mr. Ollis is at present employed as curate to the Rev. John Dixon, at Wickham. You will be asked to recognise, by formal resolu- tions, some districts which do not at present stand on our roll as parishes under our ordinances. Clergy have been working in them for some time nast, and it is desirable to put them in all respects upon a footing of perfect equality with au tue other parishes of the diocese. It is true that this will lay upon the Diocesan Council additional ex- penditure : for every parish recognized as such by the Synod has a claim to be assisted to the amount of ¿B100 per annum. But the step is absolutely essential if we have any desire at all that the church work should be done ; and I think, yon may be assured that the Diocesan Council would not recommend this step unless it felt that it was urgently required. The Eev. Mr. Eushforth and Eev. Mr. Walker have both been ordained priests, BO that we have now no deacons at work in our parishes. ? FINANCES. I pass on now to make some statements to you with regard to our finances. As a clergyman I have often felt how inexpressibly relieved, and how grateful I should feel, if I was forbidden by my office to speak about, or think about, money. Unhappily the clergy arc commonly thought of, and stigmatised as, inveterate beggars. ' B*t I think that in common justice it will be ad nutted that, though we aro unhappily very often beggars, yet it is you of the laity who compel us to beg foi you yoursch es, and your wive3 nnd your childien We want churehes, but they are foi yon, we want schools, but thej are for jour' thUurin , we ann at being instalments in God's hands to procure for you all the blessings which God has promised to thoae who devoutly sene and worship Him I trust this Synod, and all our SynodR in Aus tralla, will gradu ill} realise the fact that to the 1 uty belongs the care for the tempoiahties, and to tin clergy the caro for the spmlualitiei, of the Church You ought not to lay upon us a burden which you ought to bear, not we Above all you ought not to blaine us when in tivmg to bear your binden wean ¿íeaHy hindered in bearing our own How can vom cleigy rightly perfoim their own work ot tjiinisteiin^ the gospel of the grace of God, when auxioiis caies about how to make both ends inter, not ioi thoir own family only, but foi the congiegation over which they aie pi iced, are press nu upon them I h ive to tell you plamlv, breth- ren, in all boldness, but I hope in all charity, that until a inn», gives as a duty, ay and as a pleasure, at least something which bears some real and fair proportion to his ineome-be it great or small-to the work of the Chuieh, he has no ri^ht to expect any blessing from God upon that which he spends upon Ins family and upon himself Why it is a tact that many a man does not spend half or a quaitt i so much upon his Chuieh as he does upon his tob leeo, not to speak of his w ine or beer, or the huudied and one luxunes^of our modern life We soi ely need amongst us a great and strong man, strong in right convictions, and m eloquent utter- ance, to drive home into the hearts of Christian people that it is a soie disgrace and a heinous sin to let Chnst'8 work languish and die out for want of giving The time ivill come if Churchmen are wise and deteimined, w hen m every diotese and in all its parishes, those who call th°mselves members will be recorded mi according to then ability assessed to pay their share for the common work How would such a city as this canyon its work for a week, if the willing fewcontubuted to the funds, and the great majority looked idly on With what ease, nay almost prodigality, is the work carried on, when every citizen is rated on our Councils' books and great and small contribute according to their state. " Doth not your Master pay tribute " said the Church collector of that day, and the Master wrought a miníele rather than that it should not -bo paid, and I believe that, notas a miracle, but "as a very commonly occurring fact, indeed the Master will still multiply many times over to him who gives tho amount of his gift. It was not for times long gone by only that God instructs his prophet to say " Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of Hosts, if I will not open you the wiudows of Heaven, and pour you ont a blessing that there shall not be room enough to receive it." Mat. iii., 10. Your Treasurer and Secretary will show you pre- sently that our funds, managed with the most scrupulous economy, have just enabled us to pay our admitted liabilities : they have not enabled us to meet new wants which are for ever being urged upon us. They will tell you that it is absolutely necessary in order that we may meet the wants of the current year, that our organising Secretary should again solicit additional contributions from Church mem- bers : but what I especially desire to call attention to is, that on their behalf I do not so much' ask something more from those who regularly give, as something, instead of nothing from those who seldom or never give at all. What an outcry I suppose would bo raised against the Church or the particular clergyman representing the Church, if in some case of a man, one it may be out of hundreds who at the end of a long life, died ; if the Church should simply refuse lo recognize his membership or to bury him in her church yards, inasmuch as he on his part had never helped the Church in any way, never built her houses, or help?d to buy her lands, never contributed to maintain her clergy, or to spread the Gospel in the world. I This nominal membership, that is a name only and in nothing a fact, is a shame to the Church and a greater shame to the man himself. It would not be tolerated in a club or a company, and it ought | not to be practised in the Church. If you my brethren feel this to be true, then 11 think you will take such steps as occur to you to secure, first by your Synodical arrangements, and then each one of you, in your own districts, tho sys-1 tematic habitual giving which the Church needs, j You will direct your Executive carefully and economically, but at the same time with Christian liberality, to estimate the legitimate needs of the Church, so as to make due provision for increasing population : and you will take a just and holy pride in seeing how, from year to year, your business talents, your energy, your prudent forethought is constantly supplying and overtaking the needs of the Church which is committed to your care. You will feel as you ought to feel that the Church is leaning on you, and that under God all tlje success which she attains is due to you. You will come to feel that, before pleasure, before business, before politics, before everything else in the world, to contribute in any way to the work of Christ's Kingdom is the noblest work in which a man can engage. At this ivery moment there are districts where the gift, or oven the loan, of £50 or JE100 would make all the difference between success and failure : one case where, that failure may not happen, I see no course but that I must borrow ülOO somewhere or somehow to keep the worker at his work. To my brethren of the clergy, I wish especially to emphazize this: that the amount of ¿£100, hitherto always supplied to the clergy from the Diocesan Council, cannot be maintained except by means qf the " Extension" (or, as it should rather be calldÑ the "General") Fund. It may have to be reduced very materially, and vory soon indeed, if funds are not supplied throughout the Diocese. This reduction can be made, and, however reluc- tantly, it must be made, by the Diocesan Council itself under its rules ; but the poorer parishes especially may rest assured that, when the collector comes into them, it is not to take from them, but rather to give to them. And, »with regard to the collection this year, what I think the Synod will feel to be just is this : that while some parishes contributed last year, those, who did not should be called on to do so this year, that so there may be equality, and the collection (at any rate at present) may, in fact, he a biennial, not an annual one. STATIONS. And now I pass on from our present wants and the best way to meet them to speak of the present I position of that great scheme for supplying them which was with EO much solicitude devised by our j first Bishop. For some years past we have been in much anxiety about the investments in which is involved all our Diocesan property. At last it would appear we are beginning to bo able to hope that the worst had been passed through, and that in view of the bountiful season and the remarkable coincidence of greatly increased value of wool the stations may yet eventually do almost as much as was once fondly hoped, and that in the eourse of two or three years, if present prospects continue, we may find ourselves in possession of some at least of the benefits which Bishop Tyrrell so thoughtfully endeavoured to provide for us. Let us note that even at the worst the investments have never so far failed as to deprive us of the annual interest from which is derived our Bishop's income, and the ¿6800 at the disposal of the Diocesan Council. These amounts have always been punctually paid up to the present time, and there seems no reason now to fear that they will fail in the future. At the same time, as one of the trustees, and remembering the anxiety that heavy losses and terrible seasons have caused us in the past, I venture to urge that with all reasonable speed these investments should be ter- minated, and investments less hazardous, if less profitable, should ho made. The cordial thankB of the Synod will, I have no doubt, bo given to the three gentlemen, Messrs. White, Clift, and Bettington, who by their most kind and able management have helped to bring about such good results. The committee appointed by Synod to supervise the affairs of the stations will meet during the session, and will report to the Synod at a later period. THE GENEEAL SYNOD. The General Synod, embracing all the Dioceses of the Church throughout Australia and Tasmania, and meeting once every five years, met for the fourth session in Sydney in October last year. There were present at it ten Bishops and two Vicars-General, representing the Dioceses of Mel- bourne and Bathurst, 50 Clerical, and 30 Lay Representatives. It did some nctml and useful work in the way of legislation, and you will be asked in duo course to ratify and accept it for our own Diocese F<?r you will observe that no work, even of the General Synod, is binding on any Diocese until expressly ratified and accepted by it But the Genei.il Synod does undoubtedly work for the good of the Church, not perhaps so much bj its actual legislation as by foi ming and training a healthy and wise judgment upon a multitude of subjects which it would take too much time to specif j in det ni To name only Bome of these sub- jects upon whi^h much valuable thought WHS elicited, and the lines of future action brought out into vie», I would refer te the debates that took place upon missions, the union of the churches, the status of Colonully-ordained Clergy, the Revision of tile Praj ei Book, Provision for Aged and Infirm Cleigy und for the Widows of the Clergy, Marriage Laws, Divoice, and other subjects such as thesi, upon which no legislative action was taken 01 indcod possible to be taken, but with reg.ud to which much valuable work was done No thoughtful man can read the address of the Primate, au addieos which could scarcely have been dehveied on my but such an occasion as the coming together of such a lepiesentative body of chuich men, without feeling that in it and by it ho is educating churchmen in this whole continent, so that they may be able to tiam up and hand down to futuio generations a strong and pure branch of Christ's Holy Catholic Church It is an old and truo saying tha* a prophetis not without honour save mhis own countiy and his own houae, and theie have not, on some occasions, be»n wanting sign» that in hi» own diocese of Sydney the Bishop of Sydney, full of gifts and grac°s as ho is for the building up of the Chinch, has not received from some who ought to know better that respectful attention to hw admonitions and counsels that I will not say he deserves but which chuichmen who care foi the weh-oemg of taeir church should most cordially give lura tor their own sales It is a spectactle to make our enemiea scoff and exult when they see chuichmen looking to leaders quite other than those plainly appointed by Christ m the Older ot His Chuich With all respect for ceitiui men who may be eminently qualified to be judges or doctors, or at tho head of any othci pro- fession of the world, I do submit to my biother churchmen that St Paul's i ule is "Obey them that have the rule ovei you m the Lord " Give thom credit at least for what you give cicdit to good and hired men in othei piotessions foi, and be ready to believe that the Chuich is not likely to have anywhere tiuoi and bettei fuends than its ' clergy and Bishops He who is called in these days to be a Bishop, an oveiseei of the flock, a shepheid to gunrd the flock, a leader to guide the flock", may well lose heart, and be even ready to turn away from his appointed work, if he sees some of the very chie.fest amongst his flock looking to other leaders, disputing his authority, or decrying his ability, assuming to themselves a position which Christ has not given to them, and setting an example, not of uuity aud charity, but division and discord. The discord of enemies is bad enough, but the discord of brethren is worse still. I can hardly tell you how truly and deeply the General Synod felt and acknowledged the power and gifts and special fitness of its President. It will be a sore day for the Australian Church if any- thing should compel bim to leave his post and the Church should find itself deprived of the splendid services which he is so well able to render to us. I trust you will pardon me if I enter into some details with regard to some of the subjects dis- cussed at the General Synod. For this Synod is, and will become more *and more, the Supreme Parliament of the Church, and the Dioceses, which are its component parts, must be prepared to send men to it fully capable of representing their views. It is in the Diocesan Synods that the policy of the General Synod must be prepared, and so to speak, blocked out. Now one of the resolutions carried at the last General Synod was, "That it is desirable to frame a code of Canons for the Church in the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania ;" and by another resolu- tion the work has been committed to the Bench of Bishops of the said Dioceses. MEMO ON AUSTRALIAN ECCLESIA8TICAL LEGIS- LATION. Nov. 188G. This resolution opens up a very wide subject indeed-as first what are conons ? Who' ought to frame them, and impart to them authority ? whom should they bind, and how ? and that this is a subjeet of first importance will bo seen, if it is ' acknowledged that the following answers to these questions are true 1st. Canons are the laws of the Church. 2nd. They ought to be framed and authorized by the recognised authorities of the Church. 3rd. The Synods of the Church, with the Bishops at their head, must always bp the only source of legislation that the Church can or ought to acknowledge. 4th. They should bind, not clergy only, but all members of the Church. 5th. They could only be binding, and ought only to be binding under consensual compact, viz., that any man by forfeiting privileges could withdraw from duties, or by violating duties could be made to forfeit privileges. There ought to be no difficulties of any moment in drawing up such a code of canons as would meet and provide for all the needs of the Church, if unhappily the Church had not itself, by failing to grasp its true position, its inalienable rights and duties, made the work almost impossible, as things at present stand. For before the work can be ap- proached with any prospect of success, the ground will have to be cleared of almost all that during many years past men have been building up. For what has been done has been done without any settled plan, without concert between the diocese» or provinces, on lines nowhere alike, and in some cases widely divergent. Moreover, the almost in- superable obstacle in the way of united action now, arises from the fact that nearly every portion of the Church is regulated, and controlled by laws enacted by the particular Parliament of the colony in which it ÍB situated. It is true that these laws have for the most pare been obtained at the request of the Church ; but, none the less, they now exist in a great variety of forms, and the greater portion of the property of the Church is tied up with great strictness under them. All these complications have arisen from the fatal mistake made by those who chose to build up the Church here on legal obligation rather than on consensual compact, and who resorted with this view to the various Legislatures, rather than de- pend on the Church's own inherent right to settle its own affairs. Happily for the Church in New Zealand, its founders pursued a different course. It was carefully considered from the first, and it was deliberately resolved to depend on con- sensual compact, and everything was ordered accordingly. The Church there is free to govern itself. It makes its own laws, or canons, and can alter them from time to time as need arises. Its action is simple and uniform in principle throughout its borders. It has suffered no check or inconvenience in any direction or from any cause outside itself. Its pro- perty is perfectly secure, and free to be dealt with from time to time as the Church may deter- mine. It has no need to go to Parliaments at all. But the Church in Australia and Tasmania un- happily began by going to Parliaments, and the dire necessity is now laid upon it of having con- tinually to repeat the process. Moreover, the Parliaments are becoming less and less able or willing to do for the Church what it wants done, so much so that the Church is more and more con- tented to put up with bad laws rather than risk an alteration by Parliments which'threatens to be worsp. And all this mischief will steadily increase and harden until it will be altogether intolerable. | Is there then any remedy ? It appears to mo that the only remedy is for the Church boldly to face the matter, and the sooner the better : every delay will make the final action more difficult : the remedy is to go to the Parlia- ments and ask them .to repeal all the laws which they have passed for the Church, and leave the Church alone to govern itself. But before this decisive step can be taken, it would be necessary that the Church should with every caro draw up a complete code of statutes and canons to come into force immediately the statute laws were repealed. This was the course exactly followed by the Church in "Victoria in reference to the Church Act 8 Will. 4, No. 5, They made provision by acts of their own Assembly for every thing regulated by the Church Act, and then procured the repeal of that Act. "Unfortunately, however, they never came to be able to see that their very Assembly, being itself a creature of Parliamentary law, perpetuated amongst them the radical evil which, to this day makes it impossible for thuin'to unite vurh *!ie rust of theCliurch in general législation. They ¡re not free : their Church Act binds tHum, however much they might wish to co-operate v'ith their brethren in other colonies. Already the Diocese of Sydneyis beginning ti>' chafo under the operation of the last ^f the mci -uivs with dilRculty extracted from the Parliament in 18GG. It is rapidly becoming unworkable, : it must b'e .amended or repealed. If tho dim cb is wi-e and bold, it will aslc for repeal, and never repeat the process of asking Parliament to do for it. wh.it ii ought to do,and is quite cupable of doin^,for itself. It is a terrible satire on our fr.ith in the- Church and its Divine Head, for us of all peoplcto say that we trust the Parliament, and such II Parlia- ment, or any Parliament, rather than the Church and its Head. It ought not to be believed, ii cun not be believed, th.it Christ guides the Parliament but refuses to guide the Chuich. What I advocate, therefore, is a very deliberate anil careful drawing up of canoas n work which appears to have l>c«n done with grout success by tin» Church in New Zealand, th<» Cape, ireland,and elsewhere. The labours of our brethren <m these brauehes of the Church would make it II compara- tively easy task here. Next that the Church in the colonies of Australia and Tasmania should ask for the repeal of all laws specially passed to regulate Church affairs ¡ aud that only such a law ßhould be obtained from Par- liament as would remove any difficulties in connec- tion with property arising out of special trusts. ' This would be easily obtained, aud is in fact all that is wanted to settle all the difficulties which have been made so much of in the case of the Church of South Africa. It is the one bridge that is required to conduct us safely 0"er from the old order to the now. If any one will affirm that all this* means nothing le-ss than separation from the Church of England. I can only say, that such is evidently not the opinion of the Archbishop of Canterbury : The glory and blessedness of being united to the Church of England consists solely in this, that' the Church of England is a true and flourishing Branch of the Holy Catholic Church of Christ: What I advocate will no moro separate us from the Church of England in that aspect than it will separate us from the Churches of Scotland, or Ireland, or Canada, or the Cape, or New Zealand, or America, past, present, or future ; nay, rather it will tend directly to bind us all together : to get rid of the restraining and disintegrating bonds of diverse Parliamentary enactments, and to restore to the whole Church in all its Dioceses and Provinces its own Heaven-guided policy. MISSIONS. There is yet another subject considered by the General Synod, and with regard to which I have received a communication from the Primate, earnestly soliciting aid, I mean the mission to Now Guinea. It was resolved by the Synod that it was the bounden duty of the Church in Australia and Tasmania to take up this work. That means cer- tainly that it is the bounden duty of every member of the Church to contributo something for this pur- pose. Now if we agree that it ought to be done, the next thing is to agree how it shall be done. Nothing succeeds if left to chance. I hope, there- fore, the Synod will pass rejolutions affirming their recognition of the duty, and then fixing a day upon which collections sholl be made. The Archbishop of Canterbury by Pastoral letter addressed to all the Churches of the English Communion has asked that the " Sunday next before Advent, or any day in the week in which the Festival of St. Andrew occurs be observed as a day of special intercession for missions." It seems very desirable therefore that that timo should be recognised as the fitting time for special services in connection with missions generally, and that special offerings should bo asked for, to be devoted to one or other of tho missions in which Australia is specially interested, leaving it an open question for each parish donor to determine whether they will give to the Melan- esian or the New Guinea, or any other mission. But I would like to observe with regard to missions generally, that while it is our bounden duty to contribute to them liberally and to support them in such work as they are at pro sent doing, it does seem very desirable that we should consider whether that work is being done, in all respects, in the best possible manner. The fact is painfully forced upon one from time to time that missions of all the churches are perpetuating amongst the heathen the unhappy divisions and animosities which are our weakness and sonow. If for instance in New Guinea, nothing will satisfy us that we must plant the Church oi England, then in all reason we cannot wonder that Presbyterians and Wesleyans, and a. host of others, will strive to plant their special form of Christianity alongside oura ; and what a terrible hindrance this will be to any and every form of Christianity. Would it not be a practicable thing, and if so what a blessed thing, if all servants of Christ on the mission fields would consent to give up their distinguishing dividing names and call themselves as of old, Christians. I do not suppose that all Christians of Corinth or Ephesus or Jerusalem or Eome or An tioch worshipped God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost in exactly the same forms and with the same cere- monies ; and even in modern times our own English Church had divers uses of public worship. Might it not with advantage be BO yet again ? Might not all the branches of the Reformed Church at least agree to go into the mission fields with the creeds, and the Scriptures, and allegiance to the Lord Jesus Christ as their common Master, and present to the Heathen a front no moro broken, than the front of an army,-divided into regiments but all eagerly and bravely and loyally helping tho one the other against the common foe. Let us rest assured of this that the millions of India, Africa, China, will never bo members of the Church of England. Christians I hope and believe they will be, but God forbid that we, who abhor the presumptuous pretensions of Eome, should try to repeat the process, using only the name of England instead of Eome, and looking to a supreme head at Canterbury, instead of a supremo head there. "Upon a right settlement of this question depends it seems to me the future of Missions-and that question once rightly settled, there might arise out of it a reflex action, tending powerfully to bring about the very reunion of Christendom itself. STATUS OP CLERGY ORDAINED IN THE COLONIES. Another matter of great interest and importance to the clergy was discussed by the General Synod, having been referred to it by this diocese last year, ' viz., the position of clergy ordained in or for the I colonies. A just and fair settlement of this ques- tion will become increasingly important as .years pass by. A report was drawn up to be transmitted to the Archbishop of Canterbury, expressing satis- faction on the whole with the memorandum issued by his Grace on the subject, but calling his atten- tion to tho reasonableness of not requiring from clergy ordained in the colonies more than was re- quired from clergy ordained at home, and secondly that some time should be fixed after which those specially trained and ordained at home for the colonies might be held to be free from their engagements. This matter will un- doubtedly liave to be kept in view, and a just and equitable arrangement made,, so that clergy going home may not be liable to be treated as though they did not belong to the Church of their fathers, simply because they have been ordained out of England. To the old saying, "once a priest, always a priest," may fairly be added "and everywhere a priest." Nothing less than the recognition of this can satisfy the clergy of all the colonies, and nothing less than this ought English Bishops to concede; and if the present colonial Clergy Act stands in the-way the sooner it is amended the better it will be for the peace and prosperity of the Church. THE PROVINCIAS SYNOD. Having spoken of the work of the General Synod, it will not be out of place if I put before you some facts regarding the Provincial Syncd which is to meet some time, probably October or November, this year. It is not yet probably understood by many churchmen that we have at the present time two Provincial Synods provided, by which the work of the Church in the colony or ecclesiastically'the Province of New South Wales ÍB to.be done. The first one caaie into existence by virtue of the con- stitutions under which also, wo and all the other Diocesan Synods in New South, Wales meet and legislate. It has met tricnnally since 18G8, but it -can scarcely be said that it hasever done any work, at least any work provided for it to be done under its constitution. This work is limited to two matters only. It can give a decision which shall be binding in case of dispute between a Diocesan Synod and its Bishop ¡ and it can give a like deci- sion upon any matter jointly referred to it by every Synod in tho Province. There never has yet been i u\\) nch business brought bernie it,and it is leed li'tiU now than ovei that" there cvci will be N ui ithcles« it has done some good in the ivay of v nhUting agreat manyt,uhjectsof mtciost to the bun h, and it has been the means in a somewhat i n guIii way of obtaining fiom tho Legislature om net of con»iderab!e u ni d importance to tho Church, I mean the Church Propeity Tiustees Ait It ought to be acknowledged how ever thal it is iii itself nn ex imple of what t1 c Pnmato IU M0II ited u»-un '* e-cdci istieal monstrosity" n our chinch oiga.uhm.tion It-mu b« got rid of sooner 01 Intel, and I for one &nou;!tl say the io mer tho hist i I am afiaid 1 im i ii titled m tuning that it \i M specially dcsigmil bj those who in, nted it 11 ii > no work, and it has etiliic.y'fiilfiMcd Hie task illotticd to it iii" second PIOVUKIII b>md was only bl ought uno existence three ycai-i -ince, and it must bo c mfe-Hud in a somewhat ii regular mann i also iievei tholoss, it occupu s i foo sounder pui i n than ltbiivlt For it bus be u biought int< ixi*tcnce uudci, and b> virtue ol, * determinati i n the Gene i al Synod, and is itself in alliance tit i md in hiibjectiou to, the General Synod, which the >thi i is not Uven this Synod, however, as vieil as the Gwneial Synod itself, '8 not wholly tree fiom the condemnation of tho Pinnate, as bcin^ of the nat me of an "ecclesiastical monstrosity" It should be undei the General Synod and over the Dioiesan byno I-,, but, bo long as the Diocesan Sj aods *neet and sheltoi themselves under an Act of Parliament they can, if they choos «, set at nought any action ol the Provincial Synod, which lays no claim to exucise its authoiity mulei such a sanction Now all iuture healthy Church organisation depends upon a sufficient number of Chuichmcu coming to see w hat e\ ils exist, and also coming to sec and agroo how they can be got rid of This must be my excuse foi bunging before j ou at ting time this subject Theie is no other opportunity, ind no otl ei agency that I know of so fitting Met together in the Synods of the Dioceses thought must be given to matters such as these The younger îutnmustbe ti amed as .bl years* our first lliihop ttained tho eldeis amongst us, to grasp thoionghly tho existing evils that need removal, and the pos- sible lemedies that may be obtained Wo have lived to see the views he advocated m great mensure prevail, but tho work is by no means perfected yet, md it needs the ability and patient perseveiance of peihaps anothei generation to set in older the things that are wanting, and to perfect the oigani zation undei which the Chuich can best put toith all its sticn^th « I shall hope to see a resolution introduced and carried in this Synod laying down the lines upon which, in our opinion, the work of the coming Provincial Synod may best be carried on. I shall hope to see the Synod setting an example to all the other Synods of the Province, of a ready willing- ness to torego all exclusive narrow Diocesan action, and to accept with a good grace whatever ai range- ment may commend themselves to the-thoughtful intelligence of the whole Church. SAI.ES AND LEASING BILL And this leads me to speak of a gi-ave incon- venience which for years has been piessiug on the Church, in consequence of the unwise legislation by which we have been hampered at every turn. In the Sydney Diocese they are now engaged in carrying a Bill through Parliament by which they will be enabled to sell or lease, under certain con- ditions, land no longer required or suitable for tho purposes for which it was originally given. In the Cathedral Parish, and m many others, there aro-lands in this position. Here there has been land lying idle for the last thirty years which might have been made profitable to the Church if it could be let or sold. Unfoitunately, Sydney has been, as usual, acting for itself alone, without regard to the common wants of the Church ; but Ï um taking steps, which I hope may be successful, by which tho advantages of this Bill may be shared by any Diocese that desires to avail itself of them. No such, desirability ever ought to have existed, and never woufd have existed if there hod been in time pasfra true conception of the position which the Church ought to hold. It is an instance of the way in which we have hampered ourselves in time past by State regulations, and of the diffi- culty which wo'now experience in getting tree from them. One îesult of the passing of this Bill would be that the Diocese would be able if it was thought desirable to sell or lease a portion of the land adjpining the Pro. Cathedral, and with the proceeds to undertake a work, which I consider to be of pressing necessity, viz., the rejiairing and enlarging the residence of the Bishop at Morpeth. Something undoubtedly must be done, and that speedily in thia direction. The house is very much out of repair, and is really not fit for our present, or any other Bishop: it would be a legitimate application of tho funds to be derived from the land here, as it was given primarily for the purpose of providing a residence for the Bishop. I hope a resolution will be passed by- the Synod dealing with this matter, and with that view I have taken upon myself to have sketch plans pre- pared, shewing in different stages what should or might be done. I may add also that certain gen- tleman who most generously contributed some time since when it was feared funds might be needed to meet pressing liabilities havo signified to myself and my co-trustee that if those funds are not needed for the purpose then contemplated they may be devoted to-setting in order the Bishop's house. BLANDFORD S0HOOL. I take this opportunity of giving some explana- tions on a subject of much importance to this Diocese, and upon which statements have for some months paBt appeared in the papers, which, I think, are likely very much to mislead those who are not in a position to know all the facts. I refer to what is known as the Blandford School scheme. I hope it will be believed that I have the general welfare of the Diocese as much at heait as anyone in it, and that if I oppose certain action that has been taken by prominent members of the Church, I do so solely because I believe that lhave a better opportunity of realising what is for the benefit of the whole Church than they can possibly have j and also, because in the action I am taking I am following out strictly the deliberate action begun by our Bishop so long ago as 1882, .and persisted in by him up to the time of his departure fiom the Diocese. The subject is, no doubt, very complicated and difficult to- follow in all its bearings, but I will try to be as brief as possible in giving you such an out- line as will enable you, I hope, to arrive at a true judgment for yourselves. I do not profess to notice every single step. About the year 184-1, certain) members of tho Church of England determined- to establish a private Pioprietory School, in which tbey could educate their sons. They bought land at New castlci and paying up £ó on their ¿£50 shares, they obtained a loan from Bishop Broughton of £500, whick he lent them out of a grant which he held from the S. P. C. K. for educational purposes. He required that this loan should in procesa of time bo repaid to him under cortain conditions. Bad times followed, and nothing; was over done to establish the school. In 18G9 Government resumed the land that had J been bought, paying for it about -E9000. Our late Bishop Tyrrell entered into negotiations with the proprietors for repayment of the loan with interest, and as they could not agree to satisfy his require 1 ments, he took steps which led to the funds being brought under the jurisdiction of the Court. Years rolled on, and nothing more was dons- m the way of establishing the school, until, in 1B82, our present Bishop came to an agreement with the proprietors to receiye from them in full satisfaction of the loan the sum of ¿S5000. To carry this out, and to enable the proprietors to wind up the con- cern, an Act of Parliament was needed. Three times" it came before the House; twice i>passed through committees but the third time objections were raised by two members, and it was withdrawn. Still nothing moro was done towards a final setue mont until, in 188G, Mr. (then Archdeacon) Child, then sole remaining trustee, applied to tho Court tot directions how to deal with the trust. Tile Primary Judge made an ordsr that the Mastes in Equity should take evidence-and report First, upon the desirableness of amending the scheme then in force, by selling the Blandford site purchased not long before, and purchasing another at Morpeth, and establishing tho school; ^ Second, upon the desirableness ©f establishing it at Armidale. . ,. Third, upon the desirableness of winding up tua scheme and returning tha accumulated funüa to the proprietors. . Upon this in August 188a the Bishop sent in to the master two proposals both based upon the de- sirableness of winding up the scheme, if the pro- prietors would conseafcto pay to the ¡3. P. C. A. TO» . sinn igi el upon betwten tnum m 1882 lit i*<J I alreily m 1SS2 piocured fiom the Society their tall W consent ot this course, and he had obtained fiom them a tor nil powei of Attoiney to authorize lum to reecive the money on their behalf This powei of Artoi u< y expressly named niysilf as authonrea to aet in caoc ot the death, absence, or mc ipaeity ot the Blah p 1 lins you will see there can bo no doubt as to tno Bishop's views on the matter In 1832 he mado the agreement after much consideration to receive the sum ot .£5000 He piocured the osaynt, and the power of Attorney from the Societj In 1880 he sent m his proposals to the court to carry out this u i ingement, und I believe if he was lu re to day he would in no degree dcpait fiom the ir rangement he had made with the propnetois But a statement has been widely and persistently cnculated that he, the Bishop, was and is entirely in favor of tho School being established at ¡Uoi peth and a letter of Ins is produecd and relied, on as substantiating this statement Now hero is one of those half truths which, when examined, proves to be no truth at all for what does his lettei say, and under what circumstances was it written ? I ask the kind attention of my brothei chuiehmen to this -îhe letter begins by saying (the Bishop having been wntten to asking him to give Ins support to the Morpeth arrange- ment) ' You are aware that on the recent applica- tion to tho Master in Equity, I was one of those peisons concemedin the scheme who were m favoi of its abandonment, provided that the moneys now in hand were returned to the advanceis thereof, or then lepreBentatives, in proportion to the advance» origmallj made " This is exactly in conformity with his idea and arrangements so long ago a3 188¿, when ho made the agreement to receive from the proprietors the sum of ¿5000 He never varied fiom this idea, and thus on August, 188G, he sent in his two pioposals to the Master, both based upon it He never, before or after, sent in any other pio posais, and they are still before the Court But some time in August last, after he had sent in his pioposals, and when this letter was wutten, ho was înloimed, but as it turns out uxconectly infoimcd, that it was not in the power of the Mastei to entertain any proposal for winding up the scheme, and therefore in the next parngiaph of his letter he goes on to say " When however the Mastei in Equity declined to entertain the pro- posal, t at once accepted his decision as fixed," that is to say simply he thought there was no help for it, and ho adds " I have written to my Solicitor to that effect " Then he pioceeds thus-" Assuming that the establishment of the school is finally fixed on," and then at some length he gives what it has been attempted to make so much of, his reasons foi desiring to see the school at Morpeth lather than Armidale Now I a»k is it fair or right to separate tlu.se reasons fiom their contoxt, and to ignore the cu cumstances under whieh the Bishop gives them, and then to say-see the Bishop is in favor of establishing the school at Morpeth The fact is the Bishop carno to the conclusion that it was best for the Church that the scheme should be wound up, first, beeanse judging from the approved rules which had been sanctioned by the couit there was no prospect of the school ever being of.anyieal advantage to the Cliuich not only would it never, of course, be a school in any sense the property of the Church, but there could be no guai anteo that it would be in any real sense a school over which the Church would have any leal hold Secondly, inasmuch as the propnetois weie will- ing to hand ovei the sum of £5000 on account of the loan made to them by Bishop Bioughton, the Bishop thought that this sum, OL even a portion of it, would be of much moro advantage to the Church than a nominal mteiest on such a school as was proposed I am not prepared to say what were his views with regard to the rights of the proprietors, but ho was quite willing to let them do what they thought propel w ith their fund, so long as they fulfilled then obligation to the society and the Church But it will no doubt be asked "Why did the Bishop appear before the court, and give evidence in favor ot the establishment of the school at Moi peth, and, moreover, why also did I do the same V hing?" I answer that tins course was rendeied necessary on account of the form of the older from the PH mary Judge to the Master in Equity That oi der was for \\\im-first, to examine and take evidence on the question ot amending tho existing scheme by establishing the school at Morpeth, then, secondly, to examine the evidence for Armidale, and then, thirdly, to consider the winding up If the Bishop and I with othpis had not appeared to give evidence foi Morpeth, as against Ai mídalo, and if eventually under the third enquny winding up was refused by the Court, Armidale would have been able to say that it had an unopposed claim to be selected as the site of the experiment The only wonder is that other places, notably Newcastle itself, have not preferí ed their claims In conclusion, the present position is this The evidence foi Morpeth having been finished, the case for Aimidale was about to be taken This was in. March last I appeared as repiesentmg the society in the absence ot the Bishop It tianspired that Mr Child's solicitors had applied to the Society to recall their power of attornej to the Bishop and myself, and presumably to give one to him or some other person who would favour their v lews Hie Master ruled that he would not proceed any further with the enquiry until opportunity had been given to me to communicate with the Society and leam its views He named four months in which 1 was to be at liberty to do this, and I pie sume at the end of that time the case will como before lum again I have of couise written fully on the case to the Society, urging on them to adhere to the course agreed upon by the Bishop, and to renew their consent to the winding up of the scheme In tho event of such winding up upon the basis agreed on, which the pioprietors are still willing loyally to carry out, I apprehend that it will not bo uniea sonable to ask the Sociecy that the amount shall be placed at the disposal of the Synod for some one or more of the many urgent needs that are piessing upon us It must always be lemembeied that it is an entno mistake to speak of this money as a loan from the Society If it was so, they might rea- sonably claim that it should be íepaid But it nevei was a loan from them at all It was a giant, made, and completed forty-six yeais ago , and surely the great SPCK will not ask to have back its grants The loan was from Bishop Broughton, and we, this dioeese, stands now in the place of Bishop Broughton I await therefore the decision of the Society, though I think no reference of the mattoi ev er ought to have been made to them, and I ti list they will be large hearted enough at once to recognize the true position of affairs and forego all claim to this money It is surely a little remarkable that the chief actor m this matter, who, against the Bishop and niyseli, poses as a friend of the church m this diocese, should be a very busy Sydney solicitor, whose activity in the matter has already resulted in obtaining loi his firm costs to the amount of ¿100 and upwards This, too, is only a small poi *ñ?o^f w!at this last movement has already cost, ¿1200 will scarcely cover it all, and still there re main the second and third enquiry to be gone into ; and all these costs have to como out of the fund. If all the shares promised conditionally in this diocese weio fully paid up, it would not amount to one-half the cost of the first part of this lost enquiry. It is impossible to say how many thousands have been spent previously, nor how many thousands seem likely yet to be spent before the well nigh exhausted patient comes out of court. I hope you will help me to save out of tho fire at least the ¿65000 which the Bishop agreed to receive, and that you will recognise that the beat policy for he Church is that the Bcheme .should be speedily ,nnd finaily wound up. CATHEDRAL. It is impossible tSiat I should let this opportunity .pats without saying something to you about the Cathedral. I was much cheerefi a few days since by receiving a letter from an influential layman of this city pra posing several plans by which the good work might r ie assisted. But some ai them involved very con pF iiderable delay, and of that we have surely had, 1 \forccd upon as I think unavoidably, too much already. I will not take up your time by specify- ing the particular causes which have led to this ¡ but now «rith, apparently returning prosperity in the Diocesan finances and investments, I do hope liwe may steadily continue what we have begun. The foundations, costing ¿63000, are practically completed. The next contract might show us the »rails, and encouraged by something that would he vision, «c might expect to receive contributions, som* of which have been long promised, but which I have been reluctant to ask for, while the work was nt a stand I proposo to ask the Building Committee to have a meeting at such time ns may I bo convenient during our present session, when I hope some unexpected difficulties which have arisen | may be overcome We shall try to havo a Repoit. presented to you as soon as possible. MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE. Our Bishop m his addie« last year dealt with the question of divorce so fully and so ably that I shall not venture to add anything to his weighty words, except only to observe, that it is not yet settled, whether «?e in this colony are to be the first to break loose f i oin the ancient belief and practice of our foi of tthors and the whole Church of God If the Upper House shall eventually Bee fit to pass the Divorce Bill, tljo Church, I believe, m all our Dioceses will unite with Bishop Barry and tin; Sydney Diocese, m asking the Governor to withhold h.is assent, and to reserve it for Her Majesty's decision, and further to forward a peti- tion to her Majesty praying her to withhold her assent If we do that, we shall have done oui part m opposing the introduction of a law amongst us, which is as uttcily alien to the English mind, as it is to tbo teaching of Holy Scnptuie I may men- tion a fact of some inteiest and significance that a petition against the Bill was signed by every Minister of every Denomination (other than Roman Catholic, and their pin ty opposition to the Bill is well known) in this distnct of Newcastle, shewing sufficiently that the mocking taunts of the Sydney Morning Herald and other papéis, that the churches are not agieed amongst themselves is wholly untrue With regard to the allied subject of marriage, I have long hoped that our Legislators would turn then attention to a very importnntamendmentof our pre- sent Law, which stands I think almost alone in not requiring any notico u hatever to be given to clergy or the registráis when marriage i3to be solemnized The consequence is that there are continually happening marriages, which if only a reasonable notice was requued might and ought to be pre- vented Young people under age, without consent of patents, and who really do not know that m what they do they aie committing perjury, go and get mai lied, and only when it is too late it is found out by the patents It is not of the slight-st use that veiy heavy penalties aro provided against those who do such things. The thing is-Is it hkelv that thev will ever be enforced bv parents, howevei profoundly grieved, against their own eluldren ? The thing is done, and it is too late and quite useless to punish those who have done it At a late conference of ministers of all denomina- tions in this city, the whole of them agreed that at the veiy least two days' notice should be required before any marriage could be solemnized, whether by registrars or clcigy lins one amendment would do very much indeed to make marnago what it ought to be, the most solemn and impoitant con- ti act man or woman can enter into GIRLS* FRIENDLY SOCIETY. We hear fiom time to time in ceitam quaitcrs an outcry raised against " sisterhoods " I think those who ciy out do not exactly realize what it is they aio ciymg out against For my part, I can say that wo have had in the Cathedral parish for some years past a sisterhood doing quiet and perse- vering work and attended with very pleasant and happy results It is known to the world as the " Gills Fuendly Society," and is ceitamly a sister- hood of young women, and elder women associated with them, who are trying to help each other to lead a holy, useful life They have then rules which they observe, and their times when they meet, and their duties and pleasures which tlipy share in common , and I believe that in none of these matters could the keenest critic detect anything to find fault with If the social and »ndusirtal life leads men to form themselves eveiywhere into lodges and clubs, why should it be thought a stiange and dangerous thing if the Christian lite seeks a similar gi atification and support ? and why should not women be encouraged to do what men find useful and pleasants 1 he Church and the world has room tor many moie bands of virtuous men and women, and boya and gnls, who will devote themselves to living, and helping others to live, a holy useful life Eeeeutly, in this city, a very devoted and eneigetie lady has founded a brother and sister hood- may I not call it-of mercy aud pity, to teach in a thoroughly practical way these Chustian gi aces to the bojs and gills who are soon to take oui places as the men and women of Aus tiaha * And with îegard to all such societies, or guilds, clubs, or assoeiations, oi by whatevei name they may be called, theie is, I think, one nile which should be always observed, and that is, that they should be formed for mutual edification and sup poit, and not foi oiganised attack upon the hbeities, or even the weaknesses, of others More- over, they should suiely not be foimed to resist or *et at nought righttul authority, whether in Church or state Ihey should be construetive, not destructive, and if cvei brought face to face with wrong doing should aim at ovoicommg it by offeu"g something better m its place Any society that does this will have something to shew as a justification foi its existence A soeiety that simply lundeis, and does not help, had better never be formed at all SPIRITUAL LIFE You will doubtless observe that I havp said little 01 nothing to you about the spiritual life, foi which alone all our machinery of chuiches, and clergy, and schools, and societies, are founded and kept at WOlk It is not because I think such an assembly as this should pot, aud cannot take a note ot spuitual piogiess in the body which it îepiesents and which in some sortjit governs If foi a moment we forget the end foi'which we are or ought to be woikmg, theie is the danger, nay almost the certainty, that we shall miscalculate the means We shall either ovenate them, as if eveiyttung depended on them, or underrate them, as of no great impoitance after all But the end, my Brethein, of all our work hero is the gloiy of God and the salva- tion of souls, and only as this is set forward, a our work here of the slightest value If, therefoie, I do not speak duectly of Bpintual results as achieved here or there by this or that agency, or in this or that case, it is because we are amongst you as sow- ing and watering, but it is God that gives and God alone that can infallably note the increase. It is ours to'labour but not ours to boost ; ours to sow but not ours to" know whether this or that shall spring and grow up, we know not how. But this we do know, that whosoever giveth but a cup of cold water only to one of Christ's little ones shall in nowise lose his reward ; and if by our care and prudent forethought, souls in danger of perish- ing are finally saved, how certain, and how great, and how near at hand, will be our reward. '. CONCLUSION. In spearing thus to you I trust I may not be thought to haye been assuming a position and authority which is unbecoming in one who is one of yourselves. As Vicar-General, of the Diocese, I think you will feel that my wo'rk.js to see that as little loss as possible befalls the Church in all her interests while our Bishop ÍB Absent from us. I have to think what a Bishop wouldisay,«and what a Bishop would do, and so far asjioe in my power to do it. Under any eiroumstaty»é*"the loss for the time must unavoidably be ¿gq'vy, but it would be a blessed thing if theSjahole' body of the Church, that is the laitjr, should feel it a sacred duty to bestir themselves more vigorously than ever to make up in some degree for the loss of our head. If in Sod's good providence he returns to us let his welcome be, that the Church in his absence ling donfi more than it did in his presence; that his wgrds fSi loving counsel were remembered ; and that.bisjift-repeated exhortation of lost year to " stick together, stick together what- ever happens" was thoroughly realised, and carried out, so that financially^otlélesiastically, spiritually we may all become one body, one in faith and in practice, in brotherly love, and in good works. This is what ho would have us be and do, and this is what will bring down upon us a blessing from God. On the motiati of Mr. THOS. HUNGERFORD, seconded by fir. WALLER, the President was thanked for hip able, practical, and telling address, and asked that ho would allow it to be printed1 in the record of Synod. The PRESIDENT consented to the request in the motion. BEPOBTS RECEIVED. The following reports were received : Report of the Diocesan Council, with Treasurer's Statement of Accounts ^and Statistical and Finan- cial Returns, Report of tho Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund. , , - Report of the Committee for the Management ot the Book Depository. Report of the Diocesan Corresponding Com- mittee of the Board of Missions. . Rop»rt of the Trustees of Church Property m the Diocese. The Synod then adjourned till half-past nine o'clock on Wednesday morning. _ 