EAST SYDNEY. MR. MMILLANS CANDIDATURE. iir. w . Jit. iiiuan, one ot tne ;candtdates tor E.uu Sydney, on Saturday night addressed a crowded meeting of electors iu tbe Masonic- hall, Castleroagh-street. The audience was orderly and well disposed to the candidate, and his speech was rarely interrupted except by ficMsinniil ntui!:irwi> Tim Hnn .1 Vnmntnah M.L.C., presided, and a number of other well- known gentlemen occupied seats on the plat form, including!; Messrs. J. E. Jamicaou, M. Gottncii, T. Oumminga, G. Macartbur, T. J . Chapman, J. Cranna, J. B. Magney. j. H, Storey, F. W. Bmncy, G. II. Davis, W. Treble, W. 11. Jennings, Walter Long, Frederic Jones, W. G. Cameron, W. Hendersou, W. Scamer. G. Munro, A ICetbel, Geo. Tate, J. M. Dunn, 1L.CL Mitchell, K. i'uisford and Dr. Watson Mtrnxo. The chairman having introduced tho can didate,-. .Mr. M'MriJiAN, who was received with loud applause, said that, though it was tho ffrai lime he had stood on a political platform on his own behalf, yet, with the numerous party ol friends he had behind him and the men of all classes of the comiannity who had aakedJuxn to test this election, he did not know- that he need make any elaborate apology for appearing before them. (Cheers.) Since his car licit youth it had beeu his ambition to take part in the affairs of any country in which his lot was cast, especially if l,it were blest with constitu tional government ; yet, he would not have solicited their suffrages until a few more years and greater maturity had fitted liim more for the great public task of government; but ho thought, and. his fricmd» evidently thought the same, that in the fearful > state oi public affairs which they witnessed at the present time, no man who had Lho slightest capacity for public work — no matter what might be the strain upon his time or ,hla . domestic arrangements, or even upon hit health-— sho-.i Id heaiuto for one moment to place himacu iu the hands of the country. (Applause.) He hoped the election would bo fought on fair and honorable lines, and that so candidate would stain his escutcheon by a ay dirty political underground engineering or by auy unnecessary personal abuse of the other candidates. While fighting manfully like Britons, they should arguo the matter oat and Icavo it to the ballot-box that day week to seal tbeir fate. (Applause.) Now, altbongh it might not be good stratogy on his part,, ho thought the best thing he could do was at onco to face what wa3 called tho great bnxmngquos- tion of tbe day — frectrade and protection. (Cheers.) Ho was not there to deliver a lec ture or to enter into an abstruse disqaigition regarding certain questions that were under consideration ; he was there to toll them as clcariy and distinctly and plainly as he , could, what bis opinions wero on all tho leading opinions coincided with those of the bulk of the electors of East Sydney, than hoshould not be afraid of tho verdict of the ballot box. (Cheers.) Before entering upon that question, bo wished to state that he maintained most emphatically that the present financial „finhgr- rassrnent, and the general state of public disorder, had nothing whatever to do with the question of freetrade aud protection. (Ap plause). At the expeuso of being homely be would give a simple illustration, because while not attempting to reflect on tho understanding of the working men, he did not want any workiug inau to fail to thoroughly comprehend his opinions. Suppose any sco&ible; man. in tho room were told by a friend that hewas -making £20,000 a year out of his business, but that owing to certain immoral tendencies, and certain :uxthetic extravagances, and a want of foresight on his part, ho found, hid expenditure to t>c £25,000 a year ; and aappoee the same individual began to curse and blame his business tocauso he |did not get snore out of it, would not the sensible friend say, . " My dear fellow, you ought to thank God you have a business that makes £20,000 a year 5 give up your immoral tendencies and your icsthetic extravagances, and look a little more to the future ; reduce your expenditure to £19,&U0; a year, and then you will have one of the finest businesses in the world. " (Cheers.) Now, with regard to freetrade and protection, Wlum he used to go to school ho understood that before tho day of Newton and Bacon and Galilo, the wiso men of the earth thought that the world was flat — that the sun came up oukrol a hole iu the east, and went down through another hole in the west. Whcniio gobAlhuo more matured and began to study political economy, lie understood that tho protection ideas which had been exploded by Auaa.SmUh were just as duad as the ideas of tho old astronomers. (Load cheers.) Now, in there ' very enlightened days they were told that they must rc-argnc the case ; aud bo had no doubt that in the next 20 years, if thair intelligence increased at the same pace, they would be arguing the qn9stionof gravity whiuiwaascttied by Newton. tLanghter.) Now, he woold point 011; as clearly as he coold what freetrade had done fo_r New South Wales, and then what pro- tectionwonld do lor it. He maintained that just as surely as the Franco-Prussian war re moved the seat of political influence from Paris to Berlin, so did the) imposition of advalorem duties iu Victoria, and the continued progress of freetrade here, remove the centre of com mercial enterprise from Melbourne to Sydney. (Cheers. 1 Yictoria damned herself by her pro tective duties— " no, no " and cheers)— ana she was aouuiy amnneu vy ice rciauauou 01 maer colonies in duties imposed both for retaliation and revenue purposes. (Cheers.) He wished to tell thetn that the apparently insignificant five per cent had already begun to tell upon the intercolonial trade of this colony. CApptam) He did not wish to burden them with.statisties aod quotations from blue books, but he wai willing to prove ail the statements ho made from that platform. What was the next thing that frceteude had done for New South Wales? From tlic first pioneer that struck into the innermost parts of this country to the latest mau that had gone to develop its resources, freetrade had put everything before that man— the clothes of his children, the implements of his work, the necessaries of life, everything ho had to purchase— at the lowest possible rate compatible wiih .surrouudui< circumstances. (Cheers.) Freetrade also — and this was a mat ter whicn was sometimes overlooked— had kept us iu tonch with the great mother country; this was the one colony that had stood to the standard of freetrade and followed in the foot steps of Great Britain. (Cheers. ) That had made this colony the chosen home for British capital — (cheers)— aud to the working men of the colony it was no small thing that this was the home of the capital of a country whore. savingB wero over u hundred millions a year. This was a country that required capital. It teemed with natural resources, with mineral resources of which ihc surface only had been scratched, and nothing but a large importation of capital would briug the wealth oat of tbe bowels of the earth. (Applause.) Now he wonld turn to the other side of the question and ask what protection would do for the colony. 'He would treat the question of pro tection step by step, and would begin with that Mgguul frond upon tho Tvorldngman — moderate protection. (Cheers.) Taking it for granted that moderate protection were introduced under 10 oer cent advaloremdnty, the result would simply bo to stimulate certain industries that were at present in existence and could live of their own accord, while it vronld largely heighten the cost of everything in the way of the necessaries of life to every Inan "l i"c country. ("Hear, hear.") They must also recollect with regard to that 10 per cent., that the wholesale merchant had first to put on 10 per cenL, and then he put his profit on the top of that— (cheers and laughter) — lie was speak ing candidly although he was an importing merchant himself — (cheers) — and that possibly meant 124 Pr cent to the retail man. ihe re tail rnan had to pat bis profit on that, and when the article got to the unfortunate con sumer tho 10 per cent was 15 per cent. (Cheers.) Now, seeing that the 10 per edit. did not at the outside benefit more than > per cent, of the whole community, be wanted to ask how the working-man wonlu be benefitted by it; would the laborer, who made 7s. a day now, and the mechanic, who made 10s. to J-s. a day, get a farthing more wages because that 10 per cent was imposed? (uNo, no and cheers.) Kupposc he were a man of moderate yrwyma and could afford to keep a gardeder, whom he paid 7e. a day. That 10 per cent. tax would mean that be roust pay 15 per cent, more for everything that he provided for himself and family, and what would be the result? He would go to the gardener and say " I have to pay 16 per cent, more than before the imposi tion of these advaloretn duties, and 1 must re duce your wages to 6s. a day. (Cheers.) But," the workingman would say, my s. a day is only worth 6s. already, and you want to reduce it to Gb., which will practically reduce it to 5a.- or 6s. Gd, in its purchasing power. (Cheers.) Now he would take the next step and suppose that the advalorcm duties were increased to 25 per cent. When the advalorcm duties in Victoria wore 25 and 20 and 10 per cent., Kir John O'Khannessyin a very able speech proved to demonstration by statistics that 95 people in every 100 were paying for the industries of five— (cheers) — but he would sup- pofto for the Bake of argument that 90 people were paying for the industries of 10. v cry well, that pressed still more heavily upon the workingman ; and he would like to know who in the name of all that was strange, would ap peal to tho patriotism of tho workingman, who had to struggle hard for himself and family, to give up 20, 30 or 40 per cent, of his income for the sakeof aa few struggling industries ? (Ijoud cheers.) But the matter did not stop there ; now came in the fun. They next came to differential duties. The hatter wanted his 60 per cent.; the ironmaster bis 1W per cent.; auu when they started that protective business they must protect all round. ("Hear, hear. ) That had been worked out in the United States of America, and it was shown by statements of the President of the United States that an enormous amount of suffering had been the result of the protective system. (Cheers.) There was another thing he would like to point out — that in tho eyes of the protectionists there was no such thing as bad times. When bad times came, there were immediately deputations to the Minister to have the duties increased. It wa9 never that Almighty God had visited the land, or that a ware of depression prevalent everywhere else in the world had come over the state-coddled industrial country : it was Bimplr that tho foreigner was sending in his rubbish, and the poor protectionist protected up to 60 percent, wanted protection up to 70 per cent. (Laughter and cheers.) There was another phase of the matter. The moment depression came m a protected country, and tbe manufacturing industry had grown beyond the requirements of the people, they wanted to export ; and that exportation was done for the Leuefit of tho manufacturers, but absolutely at a loss to the people of the country. (Cheers and " No, no.") He could prove it. Victorian goods had been sold in this market under the price at which they were sold to. the unfortunate Victorians. (Cheers.) The laboring man of the country had first to pay the big duties put on to stimulate those Industries, and then he had to pay further duties in order that those men might export their pro duce and sell it for less in other countries. (Cheers.) There was another phase of the protection question upon which he would dwell very shortly. They were told by the protec tionists of this and some other countries that, forsooth, they were the liberal, radical, demo cratic spirits of Bocicty. (Laughter.) He was a liberal, a radical and a democrat in the highest —and, he trusted, the best — sense of those terms ; but he considered that as far as day from night were the principles of protection from the principles of liberalism. (Cheers.) The great apostle of land nationalisation, Henry George— he did not believe in his opinions, which were pushed to an absurd extreme, bnt the laboring man never had B truer friend— (cheers)— Henry George was b freetrader. (Chuers.) The principle of demo cracy was the brotherhood of labor— (cheers)— eoualitv. nation shaking hand with nation, the doing away with tho wars ot the past. What had led to the wars of the past? Obstruction of commerce and alien feelings. To-day we Baw nations protecting themselves against one Bnother, and the result of their protection was the keeping up of large standing armies Were the liberals and the democrats of this country going to take up the position of shutting out the world from ourselves ? No ; let them stick to the flag which was reared in England many years ago, under which the colony went ahead by leaps and bounds, and it would continue to go ahead by leaps and bonuds. (Cheers.) Let them put themselves in tho shadow of the grand old tree, and say in the words of the old eong, in connection with the British constitu tion — Woodman, spare that tree, Touch not a single bouxb. (Cheers.) One word more in connection with that subject. Let them not import any class feeling, but fight the battle on principle and argument, and not listen to the agitators who trawl that because one class of people were on one aide of the controversy another class ought to be on the other side. (Cheers.) Now he came to the most prominent subject at the present day — the financial condition of the country. (Applause.) He felt some difficulty in dealing with the ques tion because he did not think the causes lay so much on the surface as some people imagined. He believed the cause lay in a certain want of moral tone throughout all the institutions of ' the country. (Cheers.) In past times they had been over prosperous. " Oh ! oh !" and cheers, and a voice: "You have." That might seem paradoxical to some gentlemen who had not patience to wait for an explana tion. Some of them might, unfortunately, have been interested in mines, whore the best mate rial was taken out for the crushing and the | worst left. — the eyes picked out. (" Hear, bear.") Well, they had been picking the eyes out of this country. "Hear, hear," and a voice: a By selling the lands." He also attri buted the present state of financial affairs and tho general unscttlcmcnt of political affairs fenerally to a certain demoralisation in the arliament of the country. (" Hear, hear.") He believed that the increase in a few years from 70 members to about 120 was a great mis take. Cheers, and a voice : " Who did it ? — Parkes. Another voice : " Three cheers for Parkes," which were given enthusiastically. Bit Henry Parkes, like every great man, front Gladstone down, would admit bis errors. He would like to ask, if Parliament sat nine months out of tho 12, and often till 2 and 3 in the morning, how could Ministers of State give attention to their departments ? (" Hear, hear.") Furthermore, wheu Ministers were free from their Parliamentary work, how could they eive attention to the details of their departments when their doors were surrounded by political hyenas, -who lived on tho lifcblood of the country, (Loud cheers.) Weil, the other causes beyond that were simply the general causes which too often arose iu a country out of over-prosperity, and if there was no other result to the present state of affairs he trusted it would bring about one of the greatest objects for which the new Parliament was to be as sembled— the object of local government. (Cheers.) But before he came to local govern ment somebody might naturally ask him — u What are yon going to do concerning the finances of the country?" ("Hear, hear.") Now, they sometimes saw in the pipers that owing to some panic the consols at homo had gone down from 101 to 98. What was the reason they went down ? Because of want of confidence in the country. (" Hear, hear.") fTUCU tUCJ VTC11V up Mgrtiu IW 4W1 VI XV6, lUitlf meant that confidence was restored. Now, tbe task of Kir Henry Parkes was to restore confi dence in the country. Loud cheering and a Voice : "To borrow more money." He wonld like to tell that gentleman that they could buy three millions worth of confidence as well aa float three millions of a loan. (Re newed cheers.) Well, tbe great remedy for many of the evils under which the country groaned was local government, and that meant raising the Assembly out of the low depth of mere municipal coun- cillorehip of the worst kind. (Cheers.) Iu all great matters, such as railways und public works, there had been too much of the principle of " Scratch my back aud I'll scratch yours." (Applause.) Any combination of members to do for their separate constituencies auything apart from tbe real merits of every individual ease was a degradation to members of Parlia ment. (Cheers.) They were too much inclined to think that so loog as a man kept out of legal difficulties he was an honest man, but a mem ber of Parliament should not be judged by any nch rule ; a member of Parliament (should be above enepicion, (" Hear, hear.") He should feel the responsibility of his office ; he should feel that he must be cleau ; and he should feel that above tbe mere PcdlingLon that he repre sented he represented the whole interests of the country. (Cheers.) As regardB the deficit, it was not for him to say how it was to be met. He believed that with the restoration of confidence the next three years should wipe away a great deal of the deficiency. (Cheers.) A certain amount of taxation— it was impossible in the present abnormal stato of the country to say what amount — wonld bo necessary upon the propertied classes of the conntry. (Cheers.) The next subject upon which he would touch yras the civil service of tho country. He would be the last man to raise any hue and cry against tbe civil service, but ho would be tho first to raise his voice against incompetent loafers in the civil service. (Applause.) He wonld rather give £300 to a competent man working hard and knowing bis doty than £100 a year each to two loafers, and he considered the present dis organisation of the service and the obloquy under which it lay were as much au injustice to the honest civil servants as to the community generally. He wished to see brought to bear upon tbe engagement of men for the civil service of tbe colony the same business skill and acumen which would be employed in one's own business, if it were a large concern. (" Hear, hear.") As regarded tbe railways of the eolony, they saw from tbe speech of Kir Henry Parkes that they were to be reorganised and put nnder a proper board absolutely free from political influence. ("Hear, hear.") He thought it a pity that some of the surplus money which in the past had been spent on other objects was not speuL upou a beneficent and widespread system of irrigation, which would have fed the railways by the time they were extended into those districts. (" Hear, hear.") For many years they had been very shortsighted iu neglecting the railways until, roused by the patriotic speeches of Sir Hercules Robinson, they bad altered their policy, and perhaps gone a little too fast. (" Hear, hear.") Another question be wished to refer to was that of the city railway. ("Hear, hear.") He held the principle that, while the Government rightly undertook the management of the railways, it had a right to construct any railway which would pay interest on the money and which was demanded by public convenience. ("Hear, hear.") Public convenience demanded that tbe city railway should bo carried out. ("Hear, hear.") There was no doubt it would pay interest on the money — ("hear, hear")— and be believed they had a right to demand a city rail way from tho Government of tbe country. (Cheers.) Now he came to a topic which might give rise to considerable discussion— that was the liquor traffic. ("Hear, hear.") He need scarcely say that any legislation which was necessary to effect the suppression of un necessary drinking would always command his c ong support— (cheers) — but he was always utraid of rash and extreme legislation. (u Hear, hear.") In all legislation dealing with matters which had moral causes, if they went very far ahead of the social instincts and habits of tbe people at the time, they only defeated their own purpose. Laws of that kind should move like the propositions of Euclid — step by step- so that they might have an educative influence, and then the ideas of the extreme people of the present day might be the ideas of the generality of the population in 20 years to come. (Cheers.) lie then came to a question which he honestly confessed he was not an authority upon — the knew something of the principles involved in land legislation and of the bitter history of all countries where the large man was lighting with the small man ; and the whole pith and substance of land legislation was to deal fairly with both classes. He considered that the great fault of the original laud law of Sir John Robertson was that it ignored a class and simply legislated to a great extent for the yeoman upon the soil. The squatter, who was set aside, seeing the injustice which was done him, tried to override tbe law and thought he was honest in doing so. Now they had a new law, but any law dealing with such a compli cated matter must of necessity be a ten tative mcasnre, and every sensible man knew that it must undergo revision. He took it that the present law would need great amendments, first with regard to the obtaining of revenue, and isecondly, with regard to a fair division between the squatter aud the selector. (Applause.) Now, he stood before them primarily as a commercial man, and people often said that under manhood suffrage commercial men had not the ghost of a chaucc for many constituencies ot the country. He aid not believe that. (Cheers.) An educated man was quite as likely to get in for a demo cratic commuuity as a man who scarcely knew how to write — (cheers) — when the people knew that he was honest in his purpose aud that he wanted to deal fairly with all classes, and that he was a true democrat In spirit they would go for him. Very often such a inau was better than one of their own elect, who, when he got a little too high in the stirrups forgot all about them. (Cheers.) Now he came to the question of the former Parliament of the country. When they had a proper Local Government Act and Parliament had nothing to do except with matters of general interest, it would rise into its proper position u3 a true Parliament. This couulry was getting out of the boutids of its old isolation, and tbev would not l.e men with the pluck of Britons if they refused to grasp the responsibilities which their changed position involved. Future Parliaments would have to deal with questions of a larger and more comprehensive character than any which had cropped up in the past, aud it was necessary that the electorates should choose not only men who would attend to the particular wants of the constituencies, bnt men with some amount of philosophy and read- ing and constitutional jaw, aua wuo wore anvc to tho requirements of the country in the be ginning of its development. To a great extent upon the acts of the next 10 years would depend the position of this colony amongst the com munities of the world ; and they must recollect that in the measures of federation which the other colonies 'and the possible federation of the British empire, local, isolated, petty, small- minded acts of legislation might raise an in superable barrier to large and comprehensive legislation in the future. (Cheers.) He would like that tbe reaction from the folly of the past should form a new era. aud that the Parlia ments of tbe future should contain men of pro gressive intellects fitly representing a country teeming with natural resources — not some little isolated portion of the globe that no person in the centre of civilisation had ever heard of ; but part of a great empire that had the civilisa tion of the past, and looked forward to the civilisation of the future. (Cheers.) He thanked tbe meeting heartily for the moral support of its presence that night, which was doubly dear to a candidate who for tho first time wooed a constituency. Whether returned or not he would try to carry out the contest in a gentlemanly and liberal spirit. (Cheers.) He would feel it au honor to belong to the premier constituency of the colouy— (" hear, hear")— and they might take his word that whatever energy or capacity for public work be might have, that energy and the capacity without any regard to time or health, or any other consideration, would be placed absolutely at their service. (Loud and prolonged cheers,) In answer to questions put by the audience, Mr. M'Mill.iu stated that he was iu favor of re ducing the tariff, apart from the advalorern duties, to tin lowest extent possible, taking into consideration nothing but tbe question ot' revenue pure and simple. (Cheers.) As to the means ot raising revenue, he believed that when the colony wa< restored to its normal condition, wheu the horrible extravagance of the past— - ("hear, hear") — was stopped aud economy in troduced into tho oublic Bcrvice, the revenue would be practically equal to the expenditure. (Cheers.) If it were necessary to resort to extra taxation — and they must remember that this was one of tne most lightly taxed countries in the world — the taxation must be borne by the propertied classes. (Cheers.) As regarded the £2,500,009 deficit, though he was a commer cial man with some kuowledge of finance, that was too serious a question for him as a private person to deal with ; the best intellects in the Cabinet and in Parliament must be brought to bear upon it. Payment of members he uid not approve of. (Cheers.) With regard to the extension of the principle of local option, to tbe removal of Hocuses without compensation, he was a British subject and he was not in favor of it. There were three classes of public-houses the large class of hotel which ought to bo in every city, and of which wo had not nearly enough— (cheers and " Oh I oh !") ; the second class of hotel with proper accommoda tion for man and beast, and not for drinking purposes alone— (cheers) — which ought to be fairly dealt with ; the i third class of public-house— the grog shanty and drinking-hell, and that he was death upon. (Loud cheers.) A Voice : "Are you opposed to assisted immigration ?" Assisted immigration h id done a marvellous amount for the country. (Cheers and groans, and a voice, w Say ves or no.") H& would not say "yes or no." He was there to explain the opinions he expressed. (Cheers and a voice, "Give your answer first and then give your reasons.") So long as he courteously answered every question he demanded the same courtesy. (Cheers.) In the first nlace he oaite approved, owing to the labor conditions of the country at the time, of the stoppage of State assistance. (Cheers.) Bat if the time came round again when every man in the country was fully employed, and capital was pouring in and wanted labor, then he would say that any man who bad been brought ont himself, who would not be willing to sec his brother from tbe home country come out here, was an alien to everything that was decent to kith and kin. (Loud cheers.) On the question of land alienation he was entirely with tbe Stuart Government in the principle that the time had come when the wholesale alienation of the lands of thi? coontry should cease— (cheers) — and speaking generally, he thought that from 200,000 to 300,000 acres a year was a fair limit. (Cheers.) He was in favor of the eight-hours movement. He thought that for men who worked iPthe sun of this country, toiling by the sweat of their brow, eight hours labor, manfully and faithfully done, was as much as could be expected of any man. (Cheers.) Con cerning the Chinese, the only thing that could possibly make him hesitate in puttiog a tax upon them was that we had so many protec tionists who were in sympathy with (hp in their fiscal proclivities, that he might offend the protectionists. (Cheers and laughtor.) The question of allowing children attending de nominational schools to travel free on tne rail ways was one to be dealt with by the board, which was to be entrnsted with tho task of working the railways on commercial principles, and he did not think himself called upon to express an opinion on the subject. (Cheers.) With regard to the Upper House, he was no revolutionist, but a nominee Council wB3 certainly not in keeping with democratic principles — ("hear, hear ) and if at any time the system began to work badly for the country he would immediately agree to making it an elective chamber. A motion of confidence in tho candidate, proposed by Mr. W. G. Cameron and seconded by Mr. T. Cummins, was put to the meeting and carried with about a dozen dissentient voices. The customary rote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. 