Se100-REWARDy; oa, THE -REGIMENTAL GHOST. Be .ez Ez Drrztra Orrtec a I was aent for buan y one evening to nit the reatdeaac of Mr. Te o.n tl bhead of the emaiont bankiog frn of Ta?uk.n Bro lad &lthom.; of Io, rar're?t a Tieold lgent.mu w.4 not a tozether 0n huwm so me, a?. r .! nL , 1 , ,"«~o, ~ m ag o0.am time one of tae most apri4ht and s eoneof eh tarectsf mr. Or ahis oo 0.4 a ao cppuoitr of jod. iag I wasrecerel in a t,..ly furnieel but pauricmlarly. glom sporot.en. There Ci mot appear to be scm or:able c?aoer or choir in l Tae elltld ~cen le s astrd me to - t See ed Clor o aee large table at wartc t- i woe plwe-, and then be 0?.l a 4 lp o Ia ounder paper acro-4 to me. SWnat at oocallr toatl! asked. SIs appearts o . e a eneque ro one tho- e eand pounds. atmIe by W. d-acer Tonic.i I re, elt * Is appease to be.' he repeurei. ' T oen yo de not ouik ii renulie 'I do ant, wa me ?Coler. 'The #i;na. tre may be all riht,. but the dares in the b.'ner eonmer aod tCa boyof ter 1oc.u me.t aem ao Caea been tampered wlt.n' "Yo?are n4lnt Dr luo ictrk me work t bla been ektllblly do?e c " I do n;."' I r:Ohle. I is the wok or a norar, and therefore thetreca s tilde d:5itll lo oiZinz1 h cl.rit. The fi= Ci, my own nephew t'e e I"ary ionddoalt. a n, ,-r, after watri ha pansed belween a tiwo be ca, on no I er ne foriete. He malt be found, ia:d op the he- a, end pr~oacorl. I amanod looInnd at tbh c'b oe. oand the Idea snddonly carn-d Op, moe tha; toe pe: ietra0er of thII swindle ias cable of dQtoi an finoerwork. It ap-cred to m 0e 11 thaelea lrlin wa, int-nded to be ptptble. anO that some kind of mysrery muat be ats..lehai o the b. lo .ff.ir. Will Ion kie?ly give me particlar_.? I SMy nephew is a li-?tenani in a car'iry 1 nejiment now lying a: H-. After rnaling tar ezh IHe On mouey rec?leolp, he b. pealed to se- I paid oie dese and mce bhim lom?oatlembieallowha-e. He teems to hve, u eflitilit of ttaracter. A f-a day. he a came to me and coreoed tiat he was ara ' em'arra.sed. I recered him in this room. ad Se made a clesn breast of his e.ar·comn tars. I gave him a revree lecture, bit cano dlaled br wrtun:h bin a rho bee orn r:ndreº p?nade a my Lut uanw Itr con tri-rCion to haisextravagance. The nhbappy ypoth has obtaserated the word " bundcred by rome hcemicalproccu?d a:bstitbted "tboear d" 8, alIdta a dpart to t1he oo orals, the sindle be looked nn at bheir.; ?=?let-. B- bas act arxaanIl brzead my con tot the come is equally serions; nLd mach as the trantreastm and derace tri-re me. I sha!l sloteree from my dCty in hand: bo him over for puoishmena to the i:tb.ntiee.' \- May I ask if the money wes piudT Fortunuser wai r not The chief efdatla a the baok knew of mCy 'a1- ne S. arOt my nephew Irom bie past et lir ii, and It waI Sacs a palpab e alteriaon that it was detecLed at once.' " Who presentrd thCche ?rre SIt ms. paid tot t te bari ag wcoon of Captain Bnecoe, of his own ze.izeno , ad doubtleses w naluied over inr pymeot of gmbhlam deonm rne money hbo not beer aellecorc. bat be o rm ir a eo toe lees a crmae lY peopte a rice m100 ena for the City police, and a prilate- clotonr cter went down o the quaatere of the r-,?'-n; bt the calprit eol1d not be focnd. 1 prefer a man of w?-e I knomw -rmet:ninr, and o , I have sant for yo0. Wita do yon tik of the caer 'I c~anllt a let, WIhat l;d of chi-moeer doei Captaina Br?.eoe nt:L * erleneat! lrreprovacl.te !' rerrrned the old-bea'ltma. .Ito muoe aeorg:oeas than bh bad hitaerto dlplayrd. Promising to do my beet in the pcu:liar ames I atrdf ir. TaontnO had any portraitrl of has napem. He rtng the ben, ad a foot man entric. be srid : SGo to your mietr and ak he for a por trait ol Arcai- Mr. Corrinbon.' A xeculiarly faint Car:tede visite was brongbt me in a few minutes, and I wa coddotea from ate room by the solemn ear MtL Aq I came out ir.to the hall I cailht a letmpee of one of the brirh:et-Ioobking girls I ever law in my life. She wu just dil ppearing within the threshold of a brilliantly. lit room oppoite, the gneral apect of which eoatraated pleamanty mit that I had ju.a ft Upon reaching the street door, the ooman sallid in a low toee: M mismreal ceired me to oak you to wait a lIw momenta.' Almost she next instant a refned lookina maid ame from the room I had jist noticed, and maid: ' Woud 7o0 kindly leave your prioate adre! Sly mitress ernestly desire to see 7oa b very particular bsines. and asks if Ionighl would be bonveoieno for a calL' ,1bAdnctied that both aervants had need the w?".i my mitreal'raza r pointedly, and baeen to easpect thse Itmale put of Mr. Tianaton' bone?hold bad a dmd; en kind of interestio the unhappy Mr. Arclbald t.-. rington to that entertaiced by that gentleman himself I Care my card with my prirate addressu, Wying: '?elneeM mill detain me at homne il thil evmning; and at IlpokL an nnoticed?lace oe my bhouldr reveal the Pone:r lady I had seen before looking anxioonly from the doorof her room. This was not the simple atter i first appeared to be, I felt certain now. Iproceeded home at once and chboaht cat theeao before me. It did not take me long. consideriol the limited information I yet possessed. to eonm to a conclusion which preyed pretty secrate in the end. I ws, however, somewhat aozioa for the promised interview. and rather dicappointed as boat afterhour peaseJ. and itill no one iappared. Aboat ta o'lock I tbooghlabout ging out, but lut then I remeo'bered .bat in all pro bability nine o'clock ewold pus before dIerdas ld be overt in ac a fauhionable labiabment am that of Mr. Tantou'. At half-put ten a cab drove up ;o the door. and iwo eloseeiveiled ladies rapidly dlhted. mo ere aboa 00o knock, bat I bad beta at the ? ittlogroom windo., and opened the door i?-ime to admit them quletlry. ,?.kingthem to he sered, I waited silently ifo whatevr they proposed Submitting to me . Th m ild was the bnt to dam cy her veil, tld she proceeded very intelligetly to atae thbi cee aI aIrtdl knew it; but beingl fully aare ofthe rals of time to the yong lad preeensauell aao myaLl. Iaaidl ' You llill pardon my seeming abroptneia, bul we mar aIL well undertand each other Sear. I cinde thaapn coomidee 5Id bibald Carinaoo inoncant of thC crime wthmbrih hb a iecued. I.,ou ilh me l bo'bf ian service to Iou-and him-Ion must I. eold In me completely. At the same time \+ + " +o ·cot a derstand thit I do ces .. The . w.I-.:- Tr a a pate, and at lIst the ldy endea 1? bhy sddnlny rlisin gbern il and dil \-- ld i a moalt beantifl face. Polimen ae litkohberma ? - rar maprciarion of burnag gae. Xi.. Toenton mas pale from ed em eai l, -and her larre dark ey, fairtl diremat ht equally unuIldakble emotion. I ill orllee In you,' mbe aid. decleisel,. ma low bal wonderaully pleuasnot ?oice. ' MyII c"in il Incpable of commiting the crime of which be ha been ac?c•ed,' She thien, at cooaiderabt ioegthb. explained thaa the smeed poong cm e? wl om u 0auna "' ad gaill dlepoedtlon. Chat he bad never ba brocupa np to viem life in a very terioun wIay; and that if be pliayed deepl and backed~ hmles iodisceealy, it woe more from hogalbteegotne thian innate evoravigmc a nad idiouneulehsat he erred, 'In addition ed to b vie. thaI be moold be, ir o Cr the bedr of his auncle my father.' ' Pardon me,' I interrapted ; ' Iknow that Mr: T'?antoo hu ne sons. but I fail to under Letad bow Mr. Carionton cold expect to become hi unle's heir wmile the Ii?Ita bad Ste bowed her fine head at this somewhba nede speech; hot it mae necremary for the adaLahd oino oie, acd I uol ot spare herand duoml do. Her toe face Wma deeply abead iben she rised her ew to mione, atd without another word I anderotood Ibe ctearly, a which I had already hal SThe fer I.' I coaninoud, 'ahree ezited, nmti some of Kr, Carriognoo' exoegaae mere dipo??;aed, a hind of famil Mndertandino he shoiuld oltdiately marry you, lfis See bomed. 'Now we come near the point which I nmua have made clea if I am to prove this Stng geolemian'. innocence- if he in ineo acet. Do you know if he hbu any enemies 'I nowrofnon Hi nature iml so open iad anr, that be can hbae formed no 'Juet o. I am prettr wmlisatiltad on t.n. mint mt at, as I. L rti.e. ... L I : once more compelled to enter unoon delicate I roead. I am sure you canne feel offeoded 1 at sitmle o'bLal ipqniri.s which remain nu- hi ktoon toll rbe worll nut syself. OtOhr go ettlfmen hate cabtlets upiret l to the .nttr of an alliance with you, Mioe Ton- a Oh, yes.' ,he rep'i'd. alm't hurriedly; bat no one, I fe-l crtan•, wn, o.u de*ceron *o the teribte crime of enrfoesO cI to roim a fellow cretfure for noch a t crmo.' d SAn Ils, T-o .o, ;on cannels know C5"fttn rev-r rs I ..:- i t I t 0Ic a " aOld the o ln of a tunner rarealnce of toie at .a~ leaf yfu aienfon the nafmn ft emve of your m?re af.rorm eacrn' iu SAr.4 stlhmt stetr to the slrveilliace of the Co le! N.ver!' 1 SA. gou plenae. Permit rwe t remind eC I that t t i the Ihrt-y-t-ervan. t' I iae--of n fhf inntfent man thfi is at state. Tan man 1. ynir---our owr. cOusi ; ani if Iam not w 'n,,.sn hbe hhas a 4cp-r claie nupe yor f n «C-+"a than mere rtlarlon?izp wouldfi eu-i:le him tI' Mtr. In.uton nyc her h?ad again for I 'em ee', d., an hln .n..d, i fa low voice: b ' . f.t.r ar . f·ar.me time f.ramred the i s siit of Captain driocoe, and he has been much tf st out hofite isely.' 'Thtnk nn.' I[ ro, eaed ' Anti nown when yonr father 4r4ad for a pr ait tof f, M Carl? reon, y~ senti me the oldetr and lesi t perfec of ·il olt bat in your Jos-eseion; II ont did nn: rh me to str?e. him. At fi resent it o.ralr. 'o he my daty to anent him; hat rw ~trce or-aeon? a higher cotu h ihfn atrreing m-re'y seaepd m e'ns Our hthe-t at d ?e.s fdoty t to clear the ,no-erm t and fl9e out the railty. IfI I m to hi of .ervice to Mr. Carratnton I must be h abAle to Bad him. To End him easily I molt i hare a h:-e.r hkeom of him thin tie ; and I .ndel it'e iare to hit. ' I tcrat in yoo anreervetly,' The said, as m .he drew a he.ry nold necklet and locket from her neck. Tonucing a spnr g in the k lalter, it opened and dirplyrer the o'Gnter- F '-it liketes' of one of the brightest faces I - erer eraw. The exzren+ion was perfectly ionnc, frank, ti and ingenuoas. Bernt a beautiftul wort of - art, I had the ezxat colour of the lair and of the eyes. The former wa br;bt golden- e y7llw, while the tatter were of a frtnlge ttfhi-blue or rty hbae that rare a pcultlar topetarnce to the who!e mtn. It seemed, P even in thL porfri:,t a i thrre ynos. P tranr??rent eres erol4 be eewdrrfully weird ants a ch'-g of mood, sca this prepared me in some detrm for the remarksabe a ocarrencee that cllowed. r I wa not turpried that Lieutenant Arohi bald Carrigton did not face tie ?caners. The harth :ret'ment received from his unele led him to behiee, no doubt, that he would ifd no favour tere. I: wan, of conre, very t aoparent to me the: he was not only reryl hoyeh and eaey-going in h:l way of livitor tat not yet blested with any great istrenlt of mind. Before enetrirt the police. I had been in the army myself, and, as fortvne would hare It. ix ore thano one rrioa my regiment aed the regimett to which Mr. Carrineton b-longed sharr thbs e me jurte is diferent tarrison towns. Ravnn becen tfroo-tertsant major of my old crpe, I had no difi?nlty in renewirug o'd eaculis~-ehpe with the -rg-anu' mesa at H--. It is n eedle to h *ar tlat I took no one into my confidence reiareing my bunsnen or my cew callin?. I 1 .as enotged fr a warehouse in abfe fity, j nog a very late hoioday'-for Oc*rober was far adeson, Tners swa only one rpinion rs-adi°jcg no Cermtur? in tO re iment He was lovedr 'an phtiee, bot belirve.t ?oliy-in the tenet tfat he wre povporJed to have smoe-mbed to a taten teomptation. re yr- nger oft-ere, t woe were his more immediate Companions, dec:ined to credit that be ever ta'pered with i, I-i cbh*qlto, ecaae be was tottin nof a pe. mre. and ad never been known to alk of the iegrolily of some people to connection with haonwrir. n-. I root up my qarters at the Wellington Ian, which ea kept by an old comp'p ionin rm ; belt ood dllai of my timeta , sOent c n the blliarom cof the sergeants' mesa in the burs;? , One night we were visited by a closesnlof atmosphere that would not have been out of place in Jouly. In addition to being hot generally, it became sultry to an intolerable deree. At nsteIr I Sisted playin a game with a frienld, and he was about to light the gaI, when he at called away. 'The as will only make the place bhotter,' I remarked. 'Leore it until youn ranmrn.' SAlt tho' hecrie4 • he humrid ont I Iat down on the window reat, and wat moon newrly falling aleep. Presently, how. ever. I wat aroseed by voices beneath me. and I moon realised that the mprakere had come to that spot heanee a qoiet rceem was ce etted there by the demolitionof a temporary shed. 'I think I've got newt of rcur governor, the -irst speaker Iaid. SYotu don't aso . I do. That' the reason I aied yo ont o' the ctnen Look here. I I bet you may I that'l his handwriting :' and the speaker held i out a letter to his companion. SIt im, I'd know it in athouiand. The poort youan fellow! Where can he be?' Yon Savei't giren it to the captain yet! ' d; but I know where Lieutenant Car. rinrton its f.r al that.' ' You doT' ' I do. Cn't you read the p·atmark ~ 'Ah, of cone ! Let's seeo It's Kinnton,' ' Kongton' not far from here. lit bet he s written to the gaytnor to meet him ther.' If he has yon'l let me know as soon as on can ! t I could onlr mamate I'd try to rn 1 over anso' ee him, for h'l been a good master 'The best master in the reciment,'returned Captain Brioce' man. ' My deri is getting worse an' wo every day.' The speakers now slowly returned to the door of the canteen, and I clearly reornizwed the twe men who had been pointed ont to me as the servantsm of the suspected Carrington, and the gentleman to whom he had tiven the 'dtctnred' cheque.' I moled to be present at the meeting of the gentlemen. if a meeting wat what the letter proposed. Faling thatr, I ehould endeavour to atd Mr. Carrington myslli in his new retreat I had jast come to this conduslion, when a great volume of ree seemed to burst out of the heart of the mus of leaden clouds bang ing overhead. This was followed by su?h a heavy pea of thunderas I have seldombeard in England; and then, as the rain came pourfog down in torrents, I awt a dark fibre steal from the very spot where the military ssrvmnte had been tlanding anad harry towards the barrack Ogates Lookin oat, I beheld a deeerted sentry-box, behind which a man could easily hare concealed him. seli. Who could the third person be' Wea the City dete:tirve on the sme track Nothing more likely. He knew nothing of SMisl Taunton't be:ief,. etc., and wrould doubt i lei aramlt the runaway ffiler on sight. And then I began to ask mell If that as not my Sduty also. The more 1 pondered the leet esy I becite in my mind. My doty olainly w to arrest the man npon whoee track Ibad been tet. Ies note tapoosed to pt mysel n up in the place of the judge who should , inevitably try him. It woold be for thejfory to say 'Guilty' or 'Not iltry.' And et, after all,. I could not get Mire Ttmtoo'a face out o(my mind, not the pleading tone of her Svoice out o my earL A fine officer I wu becoming ! Priarte policemen ac ipcialy warned to be caotiont of female inbaenct. is Udecr the infInane of these considerations I Ifelt inclioed to hurry at once to Kingtton d and •trest the culprit Then I almost y reaolved to retrn to London at once- and er leave the whole matter in the hands of the te City oficer. t No,I weoldbe'done'by no rla, and Io m concIlded to follow my orginal plans, An hour elased before the thoderetorm i prased awsy. and. during the whole of the n time, the lightnirg iashed and the thunder Srolled in a manner thast w truly apppalliog The rain came down incestantly, and at tlime Sperpendicular l1er or sheets of opelque water came tweepingacroet the barrack-yard. o The wrind began to howl in seeming emna. d tion of the artillery of the heavens, and alt. gether the night wt Inch a mtormyoue that I f( t uatified no one weuld endearour to go to Ke Kinreton that niht. SNexO morning the gale was eomewhbt abated, but the rain still came down with a regularity that rendered speedy cesaltion I hopeless The barrack-yard was wshed and the river was not only overflowing Its bsanks, but ralhing with fearfol rapidity sea Swards, bearint npaon its clay- coloured nsurface all kinds of wrreckage, from carcates of bnllock.s down to cats and doge, and from bth framework of humble hounse to numberless Sfragmentl of all kinds of timber and wicker. wouek. I speat the moant of the morning with the n rergeant in charge of the canteen, butnothing Sof interent to me ocurred until noon. when I was thinkingof pprotning Captain Brileo't Sservans In some more diuect manner. Juat r? bh k .uc .u witt LS3t w ou a OL-, Jo. anod aid: ca ' J.us I thoabht! The rov'nor's ordered C. his docartforhalf-pai three. He ers he'. of r.itgi if is thunderI and lighters as it did aO tle" night.' be 'To the same place that we thought fai 'Yes, the rame.' ' Ar- you g inn with him ? \' i; he always takes hs groom for such w distauc-' -i 'I wtts I rould change with BilL' _ ' :-..:I:T. The ¶oefC-nr'r 'pr'; is a ?ear.hle. He smash., his dclock thi mormng becaae? he torigo to wind I up ilat at lh;.' tt 1[tI n:o wait for more. My friend the th lIndlnrdof the Welhlouon had a nicee trap de s et stmart csb, so I wet anLd arranged to have thsm oat that afermoon. I rted l ol ar t a qrareer-past three, and T wi at lenarely cl?kg the road, notwithltand. at nec the wet I never tanel fair without m waerprmter, ao I was quire o omortable, when I I tearl wheels in my rear. cs I kept jogaing on, and presently glsnred at ?nouna, to find sa ali dogcart, drawn by s a ?sn bone comning speedily lo. Behind tbis hirh stepper sat tall, dark orlemso.an hi who held the reinl in the moot spyroved A manner. I was anions to hear whatreer oa mightc be'ad. and was rathet pleat?d to find that Captain Bri·bce was in the habit of fir speaking as if he was ast the head of his troop to e hesa of an engagement, As the dogcart crept aeaelily along, I heard f him 5.y to hie groo' :o SWe will pull p at the Bowling Green Inn YTol ill leap down and order a ltas of is hready and waler for me, and when you n have brought i, you will stroll into the it As the dogart passed me at this point the a captain paaud. Immediately he drew ahead ne resumed : You will find an unused skittle a alley at the end of the Green. Tee d yongeter was ore wait for me there, a rent ctrru tlanoea might prevent hit comiog or starigr. Should you find him h thene, come back at once and let me know I cold bear no more, but I had heard ii eronih. As l incred r y s?ed, I began to I think how I should get ahead of the captain o now. He would never permit anything to h pas him on the road which he had one? a passed oo all I could do was to keep up fair r pe?ed and truet once more to what is com moony called 'the chanter of icriden!ta'-.- if I anything ever happened that had not a porpIoe ! Ii I wa s areeibly rpre?d at the sed of atot three mils to find the captain draw up 1 in front of a roadide inn. Since his hornse a did not want water, it was evident that the I eaptain himself required brandy. I took t advnetage of the delay to pas, and, once out t of sihbt, p?t my cob tohcl het speed, and t thi I kept up until I reachd the Bowhngc Green Inn, where I decided to stay, and. , after very little trouble, I sueceedd in getting into a fine open pace between the fene and I 'he wall tf the thatched slittle alley, and immediately beneath an open window, in throuth which I could climb with thegre.tese nase were it neceassay fIo me to latrai?e pon the gectlemen. Presentlyr I hbeard the step of someonea sound upon the wooden skitule alley. It wasI no donbt the man whom I was enrgaed to capture, and te I could not more until I had I heard something of what occurred betwer him and this pectliarly saturnine captain This delay caused me one of the reatest eercricesol my whole career, and I very much doubt it ever another cf'ar wa so much satounded in the same way, A trr a bref delay a second person was heard. This was theroo. 'Glad to se You well, sar.' aid the later. ' Cap?ain Bricie is outide, and will be her t immediately.' 'All rigZt, Wiliam,' returned the fugitive, in a voice that seemed as intereting and t unoroalsa his a; uino. 'Drink my bel h, I then'sa good fllow, and tell Briaco not o delay.' I heard the man depart, and presently a heavier, more ranlu tread was heard upon the rravel. Then the rickety alley literally creaked under the heary footateps. ' Ah, Carriaton, how are ro drawled the , newcomer. ' Can I do anything for you ? 'Can you ank P cried the other, ina broken voices 'You, and you alone can clar my name and honour of the foleset, most an. nIural, and meanesl of gcrim. aarely you I can tell where that arned piecee of paper was from the time when handed it to olU on Sunday morning and the hour you paid it into the bank? 'I asroely mee the object of your inqoiry,' said Captain Brio. The cheOu llay i my pocket,hook all the time.' 'It poaihe r cried Carringlo, almost fLercely. 'ouknow the cheque I gave yo was simply for one hundred pounds Some c one mutt have tampered with it, since you are incapable of such an art yourself.' ' Pardon me, I cannot see the obkect of anch a statement The cheque you rgave me was for one thousand pounds, and by its Diyment you took up an IOU of the msme amoont Dn't you see, if "sme olne, as you ay. had tampered with the cheque while it was in my poseession that I would not be likely to pay in a slip of paper I thougaht worth only osne hundred pounds ior ten times I theamonut? 'Richard Briato. I was told by a den fellows to avoid you I would avoid the deviL I see it alL I am your dupe-your victim--ad too late I know the stake for which you have so boldly. to rillineauly played. Cowardly scondrel, hypocrite, a forger, and liar, heaven wilt etavenge me t I was preparing to leap in and prevent a a lanious encouster, when I was amaed by Shearing a strange voice say : r 'No ae sing iany violence, youn air. The ate it clear enough, and I nrest you in the 1 Queen's name.' S I hesitated no loner, but of coe wt too late? I found Carrington is custody of SInwpector Hamer, of the City, who shouted I out: ' I ore this time. Lockhart r The prisoner was deathly pal, and his light' e coloured eyes had now she strange, weird ex preseion in them I have spoken of before, I Still his face was a much more pleasant one e than that of Captain Briskas, who stood in the d small door scowling, and grimly triumphant n I thought then, as I think now, that any student of human nature would have judger a the captain the guilty party, sad the yellow. lf haired, boyieh-looking prisoner as inoce? s Sof the crime u a child in arms. a I felt very bitter about my deftet, but d neVertheless determined toc?company Hamer e and the prieoner to London. k When we reached London Bridge the storm Shadt increaed in violence tain: the river Swa Booded, filling the cellars of loe.lying h bomes in South London, and, high water d jat beinz pat, we ould as that the tide . was running oat with terrib!e forue. The prisoner wra not handcufed. for he :! the pntlet of men. Upon heing arrsted f he said he wa gid the ?e.ense wasrs tI that be ws innocent, and that be was sure id Heavten would prove it in its own time and ' The mo wn hining ttf=Hv Ihronuh the p hea mat-es of rluesejoing, in eIouds when d tbh es ah reached London Brida Haet r I would verwist in my ieomp·auying him tothd id tpole 'stlaioa to brm in the reepootibilit of ry the rri and- altew a littli coeideratin I t. thought it would b.wineet- for.ame too o ae rwas just tellin me how he came to know r of the meetiug pl~: at the Bowling Greon p It eleml he had watched and svoided me since had orae dwn to H .- He bhad the ser ?rsts of Briscoe snd Carrinrgou pointed not to him, and followed them closet, aboutl ,tHe was in the canteen with 'a hfind' when d he heard the captlain's man whisper to the be other to o rooni to the end of the bnuildinz. He had done so, amd barin hindda as I aopposed, behind the sentry.-box, hehad oeer. heard all I ti had rd from the billiardroom window. Nazxt mormfotn, on einr CaOptain Brieme entet the messi, he boldly went to his quoartur, and, tinding his rservant in the sitltianroom, uLked him to go foir hie muaster. SHe told him not to bharmry,as he had otlenty of Stime. rese bird a shillinar for a big drinkL and d. in his absence he found Canrrnton'e letter naming the skittle alley as the place o appointment and the time as ire o'ock, or about that tim- information whicb I lcku?ily go t on the road from ths sptain's own mouth. Hamer was jost telling me that he at didn't wait for Brismcoe? reatar, or for the a return of the servant, when there came a n terrible crab and a moet Itartlnl Ihnh1k] d The cab had collided with a heavily-ladeo ,. omaibus. Our off orewhi had con's off, d, and our hors wlas sraggling amoa the fees it of the other two Then came the most tragic Soccurrence ritht ulnder the as of orar a e 'corae of peopl. C·arrtngton wu the frst to of disenltae himself from the wr eck of the is four-wheeler. and I quickly followed e halftoeanned. Imagine mi bhorror and r amazment when I esaw him rapidly and deliberatelp moss the pesmentat Slep apon the parapet from ono of I the sealtl o the rose, and the plu~anI I hel foremost into the swollen sad rapitdy. eseuniorg ricert 'Te pamsmonr on thO 'biha at ahnisLd. Imatolookoetthebritd, hut ame out swan there swa no sign of the an h.ppy ma' and those who knew the natureo of the water bat, said that if he escaped toing cruened agaons the osres moored just belw, he would never be able to keep afloat farther down. PAsT III A diefcured body tr a ycuag gentleman was Found a few days afterwards; but Miss Taunton, who bad beard the terrible story, was too ill to take asy esures towards i -rierrtior. t A ,dictr cirl Ifrm the backa was sens; but, a thouen bebeliheved he nw the remainis of youtl Carrington, the whole v ebig i ns coreidesed nussti.ftoloy. Never- ` theleen, be was buried Pa the culprit, and death satisied the law. Six eontae poaced, and I was one more surprised to receive a rummons from Mr. Tu.onto. He was evi'ently near his end. and it wold be impossble to affrm that be was n his rrhb mind- He was seatI d ud I fotrd him before, but his stout framehsad be come pont and tbin, his fray locks strargling aed wbhte, rs pale sain shrunken and parch omeet Irokian ' I haes ei.en orders to hbve thousands of hills printed and dtstributed, cfereng ?re ?sredr ys=ede r?e-d for the apprehension of ms, D.p f. Arctberd Carnngton' But be is dead, sir, and the law is ati - fled. 'ButlIamnot,'the old man rio . 'I re tain you once more to find him. You wnll find money enough there for your expenses for six month ;' and he handed me a cbequ? ' I have written to the Commissioner for per mission ao retain son for the length of time naed. I have asked him also to permit you to claim the reward of one hundred pound ; for that you will ?od him I am certain-res, as ertale as hat we both sit here." Of courns I reporied all this to bead. quarsers, and was instructed to set in no way, as doubtless the old gentleman had been driven insane by the tragic end of his nephew. The eearh wua fated not to end here, however. Most people, no doubt remember some pasrazrpbe that went the ro.nd of the papers shout the time of which I am speak. insC They were usually headed Tul RrcrTxraxL Gar?,';and spoke of some young ocer who, nn did tragically, was in the habit of visivrt his old comrades in the form of a epirit. He was sometimes seen pgro rsdly mt at the mess-room window: at others slowly desordinlthe stalresae of the quarter he moks occupied himself in H-; and several times he was beheld out in the moon light in the barrack yard. At last a new phae came ove the story. The regiment wan removed to Aldershot. and on the third nizht of their stay the apparition gazed in at the window of the mess-but in the North Camp His former comrades saw hie uad. pale-blue eyes and waving yellow hair very distinctly, and the matter had a ges? effect pon al L One oeffier, however. Captain B-, who sal right oppolit the window, was so excited that he behad an epi. leptic fit, and was now seriously ill, Miss Taunton, the ghost of her former radiant self, visited me that night, and drew ry attention a¢aln to these paragaphr,. e-ding wirhthe aursnre of bher belief that her mousi was still alive, andthat it was he himself who was haunting his old regi. tmeo.- - I then told her all that occnred between Mr. Carriunton and Captain Britcoe in the tskf~le aller of the Kingston inn 'I know my cousin is innocent,' cried the young lady. 'Captain Briscoe thoab to re move a rival for my hand, but the supposed death of my ousin gave ms an exc?ne for not seeine him stain.' Itook o ,he b e on mr I went down to Aldershot and for.d that Berscoe'S paper. had bten sen in. Th. 'hoss' was atributed Ito be the am-e of his resiognation. I followed him to town that night, and saw him erter a amhlinz bell near Piccadilly. the owner of which had been 'An Expert in Handwritans' nce connected with one of our metropolitan polie-?m orta He had, however. eone to prison for serious offence, and bad lired on gamb ing ever since his relut. Captain Br'soe open-I the private door with a none-ter. He and De Morlienville were friends--peraps partners. My ide were rapidly formed and acted ypon. I rang and asked for the eroprieter. Aet sou as I wassted tsaid 'I am a police oficer, and if you desire leniency of treatment, you will make a cleao breast of whatyou know of the cheque that was altered here in last October.' The fellow beans to bluster, bhll slowly brew my 'bracelets' from my pocket, saying: 'We know you are not the principal in the I ce, aod therefore gave you the opportunity of erClaining.' ' Will you sadmit me t Qu'een' evidene, and I will tell all cried the scoundrel, cringing immediately before my random shote. ' I promise you nlhing,' I returaed, coldlr. 'If you are not the principal, however, you have no: muach to fear.' That ;Fae him confienuc. He made a clean breast of it. Briecne bribed him to alre the cheque, asurning him that the offence would not be sernous, since he neverer intended to draw the money. I called the policeman on the beat. who sent me his sergeant. We entered the chief saloon, where dotie and baccarat were goin on. Approaching Captain Briscoe I said 5 thaatlbould liketo speaktohim inthe next room. Heroo. with a look of proud sneer on his flashed face, but that immediately chaiged to fear, apprehension, and horror. and hoarselyl shouting, ' Aain--agai r fell to the floor, writh in tony, as foam. tiered plentifully with blood, issued from n dert his large black mostache. Tarnine. Iesaw. not the epperition of Archibiald Carrintoa, but Archibald 'ar rinlton himself- pale, thin, emaciated, and melancholy-looking, He had snrvived the leap into the river, having hung on to a mooring-buoy ontil a waterman. mating,. I observed and draw him into his boat lie had memory enrazb to get into a cab after rewrldino the nood man, and, driving to the baChelor chamhters of a retired fellow-of5.cer, be was heartily welcomed and carefully nursed thronugh long illness. It was this friend's idea to haunt Briscoe like a shost, and the plran ndosntedlv served its purpose. I took him to Miss Taunton's that night with Captain Edwardee, his friend. Captain SeRrie~ remained under police oare at St George's Hespital for four days, when he recovered aoenaiouaness m ffiently long to o-nfele his gutit and the mearmary object he bad in view in setting Carringto out of r the way. A broken coostintion then suc cumbed, nd further notoriety was avoided. S Miss Tanton and Carrington were soon Squietly married. d nas bhe astumed her name when they returmend from a loong tour on the Continent, all the evil past w for gotten. I was permitted to accept the bhndred pounods reward, snd I am still known in rsome nirclesasu the fellow who laid d ITheisegientrlGhost 