RAILWAY TIME TABLE, ■ Depart.—Trains leave Tuiiganiali fov Mcl ounie at 0.3 a.m. and 3.18 p.111. The 0.3, .in. train catches the express al Renal la. •; Arrives."—Trains arrive at Tungainah from Melbourne at 1.7 p.m. ami 10.12 p.m. A succesful and well attended race meeting was held on the V.A.T. CJ. course at Caulfield on Saturday, Hhe only drawback to the afternoon’s enjoy ment being the late arrival of the last special, which was 12 minutes, longer on the road that the ordinary trains, causing till who travelled by it to miss the first race. Honora won the Trial Handicap, beating Duflerin.i jVjacosa 'and 17.others ; and the places in the ‘Hurdle race were filled by Whalebone, Rpy and Huntsman. The Selling, race fell to Stafford, who «as followed by Success and The Ghost. Royal AOak won the Steeplechase after a a good contest with Ruby and Promotion ; and in the Glen Huntly Handicap \- Menotti, Meteor and Ringmaster ;iin -■ ished in the order named, . .with jnot •■ more than a head between first ,and third. The racing ended with, the ; Two Year Old Handicap,, which was won by Dick Swiveller, with Albert Loddon second and Rosewood third. Lovers' of sensational racing evenis will find the following account of a steeplechase that was recently run on the Antcuil course, •yFtaiiee, - rather interesting. Two horses, \- Trident, and Himt-Cloud, wore the only starters for the event, and,.in jumping the " brook opposite the Tribune, the former fell, and (rot rid of his jockey, Benson. Chailis Cunningham, the-trainer! who was standing by,' at once caught the horse, and mounting, \- proceeded in pursuit of Haut-CIond. At the next water-jump, however. .Trident again came to grief, sending Cunningham to grass, whereupon Bob Coulthorn, a. well known jockey and trainer at Mason’s Lafitte, jumped in the saddle, but he also came a cropper, and then- little Baker mounted. Haut-Cloud in the meantime had got half a mile ahead, but re- robing, as they say in France, at a hurdle,. Baker ' managed to overhaul him,- and eventually won, amidst tremendous applause. All the riders of Trident (Benson, Cunningham, Coulthorn and Baker), had to go to the scale, _ and as the horse had jumped the proper couse, he won the race. It is doubtful whet her sucli a thing lias ever before happened, and it certainly deserves to be recorded among the curiosities of racing. The race across the Atlantic by the yachts Coronet and Dauntless, won by the former, lias atraoted a great of deal attention here, United States, and a good deal of money changed hands on it, the odds being gene rally with the defeated vessel. As a test of the speed ofthe yachts, it is not by any means conclusive, for tiie conditions were singularly' unlike during the two voyages. The weather was heavy for both, and the heaviest for the Danntlcss, which was obliged to lay for at. least nine hours, and to sail very carefully on account of ice for two days. She encountered a hurricane and an ice field which the Coronet escaped. Per ronlru she hurl one day of smooth water and fine wind, in which she made 328 mites in 24 hours, doubtless the fastest record for that time. But she was -badly beaten. So far as the race liears the designs of the ” vachts, it favours the American as against the English style. The Coronet is broader and more shallow than the Dauntless, draws only 5ft, forward, and is constructed on very much the same lines as the May 