THE STORY ..... >? .;..?,FiB??,.. ? C.: OF THE Fi AII:J OUB AN Bi RIoaaRT Lomis STEvENsoo. [A year or so aeo there appeared a book alled.` The' iowA.i-abian Nights." by ; Robert Louis Steenson. . It mrade a sen sation in England. It showed that there were potentialitiesoo !rioiiace in Coo'e great cities which 'sceeieed'those'at the' disposal of the. writer or writers of the 'Arabian " Tales of the Thousand 'Nights:i and -of the Onsi'Night," supposedto-be= narrated by Scheherazade to her trobui lous lord. Wso'imoagined, whihe'be gan " The Tale of the Suicide Club," that such anatmospherh of m nsteriouss56rrbor -could be thrown arouni d this'gimy iroobms '-eta cI'?bin th 'London of today-irooms' over a shop, and living upon a mews 1 'Who was not thitilled by, .the strange ad ventures of ".The ,oung.Man with the Cream Tarts ?" Who did not tremble'for Prince Florizel of Bohemia and. Colonel Geraldine when the fatal" cards of the gamesters whose stake was deathlwere be-- . nfogdealt around the board l In this book M1r. Stevenson executed a tour de force which is unique in nineteenth century literature. He has now written another series of 'N ?ew Arabian Nightii,iiiicli he calls "Theloynamites."-. It begins in the Cigar Divan' iiuispoert Street, io he keeping of which Prince Florizel has been reduced, under the name and style of "T. Godall." Some of his companions, re duced like himself,: frequent':the place, and one day determine to go forth in Lon don streets in quest ofadventure. They resolve to accept whatever comesin their way. One-Clhalloner-the " Squire of Dames," meets a distressed maiden, who is fleeing from a house in a quiet street, where an explosion aha just occurred. He accosts her. and eshe tells him " The Story t, tiee, r.Dstroyisg, Angel. She isjths. ?lauhtser of Mtormon parents, whom the I,'aities have slain, and she has fled to London to escape polyg;nous' sliarrhasge She then gives hin siacren hundred pounds in bank untes, andsendss hin .with it to Glasgow, to a certhin house in a certain street. lle goes there, is admitted after , rFg.as- ws'rd : he delirers his Iaessage and money, is left; alone fir a few nuinutes., and presently finds the police are r'ealk ing in the doors. To his horror, he: finds ihimself alone, and to. Iis fotuther horror. he finds that the bousd is'filled witlidyna mite and inferinal malchines.' Lie escapes, just before the police elfect al enltraince. Somerset, another ofthe band, na&iuires; a " superfluous manesion," given hlim by an eccentric dowager, wle isitroduccs herself in ,s The Narrativo'ot the Spirited Old Lady." Having no money, and notlhing but the mansion, Challoner decides to let lodgings. He does so, to some very queer people. He soon discovers that they are dynamiters, and sees his mansion blown in atoms; how and why is/'narrated by: Dynamiter Zero, .in- " Tse Tadle of thed :.sjlosiv' a-uli.l"- "a'ibbr'ogh--- t'third of Felori~kl'd friends-ha ?nai ousexperi ence withi a certain. aiaige:; browu: box, which leads to his meeting the mysterious maiden, who tells him all about herself in " TIE Stonr oFr T3? Fans CnUBA..") 1 am not lwhat I seem. fMy father drew Iris descent, on the one -hand, from grandees of Spain, and on .othe other,: throuhl thile maternal line,from the patriot Bruce. My mother, too, was the descen dant of a line of kino ; but, alas I these kings were African. She was fair as.the day-fairer than 1, 'for I inherited a darker strain of blood from the-veins of my European father-her mind was noble, her manners queenly and accom Iplished; 'and, seeing her more than the equal of her neighbors, and surrounded 'y the in most considerate 'affectiori and espect, I grew up to adore her ; and, when the timeame. me, received her. last sigh upon my lips, still ignorant that she was a slave, and, alas ! my father's mis- . tress. Her death, which befell me' in my sixteenth year, was the first .sorrow I : had known ; it left our home bereaved of its attractions, cast a shade of melancholy on my youth, and wrought in my.-father a tragic and durable change. iMonths went by; with the elasticity~of my years I':re gained some of the' siiple; mirth'thait, had' before distinguished me; the plantatior, smiled with fresh crops; the negr?oes ' -the estate had "already forgotten. my 'mother, and transferred their.simple obedience tomyself ; but still the cloud only darkened ;on the brows o.f,Seior. Valdevia, my father:: -His 'absences'hdd been frequent even in the old days, foe he did business in precious gems inmthe'- citW of Havana ; they now became almost continuous ; and when he returned, it was buttfor the night, and '-ith thei'nad ner of i man crished down by adversa fortune. Thi place where I was born and passed may days was an isle set; it the Caribbean Sea, some half-houi 'rdowing from the coast of Cuba. It was steep, ruo"ed,and, -'except for'sy father'" family "ah?'~dlnwtia ticon, aninhabited'and-left to i atuir Thie: su?ase, a low building surrounded by spa clous verandahs, stood upo 'a rise.of" ground 'and looked "across the 'sea:to6' Cuba. The breezes blew about us grate fully, fanned us as' we tly skiatngn m' our silken hammocks, and tossed the boughs and flowers of the magnolia. Be Ihinsd and to the lft,'ithla q'urte?-s f 'tbe neroes and the: waving fields of the plantation covered an' eighth -pa? of the surface of the isle. On the right, and 'closely bordering on the garden, lay. a vast and deadly swamp, densely covered with wood, breathing fever, dotted with profound aloughs, and inhabited by., poisonous oysters, man eating crabs, snaked, alligators,'andsickly fishes. -In therecesses of that jungle none ' could penetrate. but those of African descent; an invisible, unconquerablle foe lay there in wait for the Ereopean and the air waa death. One morning (from which I must date . the beginning of my ruinous'mslafoitune)1, left my room a little after daybreak-for", in that warm climate all are' early riers' a.nd found 'not'a servatit to attend uoon", my wants. I made the circuitof'hte house, etill rclling, and my surprise had' almost changedinto alarm, when cominin at last intoei liirgeoveeandaed court, Im found 'it thronged ,with; negroes.t Even then, even when I was among them, not" one turned or paid tieleeat regid to my' . arrival. -They-had eyes.an ears. forabut one peraon--a womn rile and tastefully ttir_, ?f aele _g'nt ?.eis.ain- :mumoeal boeelh : not so moch old mieara so worn ohd msnred by celf-indlenla; h'er face, which was still attractive, stamped with the mealt cruel pason, her eye burning with the'tieed bo evil' Ittrwasnottrom her appearance, 1 believe, but from some emanation of her soul, that I recoiled in a kind of fainting :ternor; as- esheaarof plants thit blightt" and" snakes 'ithat fascinate, the woman slocked'and'datnted me.n But' I was of a br ofi nature ; trod the weakness down ;,and , forcing.my way through the slaves, who fell back before me in embauri'ssment,'?as thoughl in the prese'nce'of rival':mistres?aesI asked,,in fitperious-tones :- "Whlo-is this person?" A "irl slave, to whom I had been kind, {lisp~red in my ear~te have a care, for that -.as.?tadame Miendizahal; but the name was new to me. ..Jn the. meantime, the woman, applying ?-pair bf:glases'to her-eyes,, studied me' with idsolinttpicuartilarity froi liad to ".Young weoad,' said she, at last, "I have had a great experience in refractory dervants,and I take a pride in, breaking Sthem.: You reall?y.tuanpt sft_ o of Ihad not other affairs, and those of more im portance, on my hand, 'I:should. certainly buy you at your father's sale." SMadame-'' I-bega,, but my voice ",Is it po?ible that,yo. do noti.know 'your positidn? " sh'e retuind, withlis a hate futlalugh. ' How comical t Positively. I must buiy her. Acotiplishments, I'asup pose "' she added, turning to the :er rants. Several'assured her that the young mis tress had beet brought.up. like. a lady,.for solt seemed in their inexperience. "She would'do very well for my place of business in Havana," said the Senora Mendizabal, once more studying me _through her glasses; "and I should take a pleasure," she pursued, more directly ad dressing mhyself, "'ini=bringing you ac 'tiainted With a whip."' And she smiled ,at me with a:savory lust of cruelty upon her face. 2' At this I found expression. Calling by name 'upoh the servants, I bade them turn this woman from the house, take her to the boat, and set her back upon the main land. But, with one voice, they protested that they durst not obey, coming close about me, pleading and beseeching me to be more wise; and when I insisted, rising higher in passion and speaking of this foul intruder in the terms she had deserved, -they fell back'from m-as- from-one who had blasphemed.AA superstitious rever e'nce plainly encircled the stranger ; I could rea~d it in'their changed demeanour, and in the paleness that prevailed upon the nattral color of their faces ;" and their fear perhaps reacted tn'msoili. I looked again at Madams Mendieabal. She stood perfectly composed; watching my face through her glasses, with a smile of scorn ; and at the sight of her assured superiority to all my. threats, 'a cry.broke from my lips-a cir' of ?'ige, 'fear, aid 'despair and ' I' fledfrom the veranda and the house. .I ran I kei?i iiot where' but it was to ward the beach. As I went, my head whirled-so strange, so sudden, were these eventsandinsults. Whowas she? What in heaven's name was the power she ".wielded over.ny.obedient negroes-.,Why had rshe addressed meas a slave ? WVhy spoken of my father's sale ? To all these tumultuary questions I could find no :n-. 'siver; and intthe tur:oil of my mind, nothing wLs plain exeept the hateful, ldering image of the wmmm. " I was' dtil ?inning,' wniiid'jith fear and anger, ? hlien 'Lt.?a?i s'faither coming to meet me from the landino-place ; aid with a cry that, I thought wouls h:ave kt:led toe, leaped' :ito' his armns adlo d lrod i'eto a passion of sobs and tears ILupon hit bosonl. lie made me sit down beio:v ;a tr.ll pal metto that grew no'tfar offi t'mltotrted tlse, but witiho.sttt "hlittruictiitt is his voice, and, as soon as I regained thel least coom IImand upon.l y. Julings,.a-ked...ue,-not without ha;tshness, what this grief be tokened., I was surprised by his troe into a still greater measure of composure ; and in tirn tones, tlotlg still interruplted by sobs, I told himt there was a trcautger in-' the island ; at which I thought h etarted mand turned ipalo that tihe ser}ialt ivould not obey te o; that the stia:g;ers'~amet was 'tadamte teodizabal, 'isd it-that he seemed to me both troubled and relieved ; thiit she had idiiulted me, treated me as a slave (and here my fatheris brow bs'pan tot darken), threatened to.buy sme ata sale, and questioned my own servants before my face; land,that, at lnast, findingunysell quite, helpless and exposed to these in. tolerable liberties, 1 had tied from the -.house-in- terror,-indignation,-and amaze ment. "?Terea;" said.my father, with singular g?avit'of voic "'I 'must make to-day a call upon your courage ; much must be '·old to 'you, there is much that you must do to help me; and my daughter must •-prove-herself .sn-oman by her spirt. As for 'this Meudidbaal' ithat'tsl ty - or how am s?"o ifell "osta halaF 'he is `Twenty years aig sih' was the liveli'st of slaves; to-day she is what you see her prematurely old, disgraced by the practice .of every vice and every nefatrious industry, but free rich, married, thy say, to some reliutabUian-wltoiiosl ti y hotaen assist ! -and exercising among her anciet mates, the slaves of Cuba, an itfluende go un bounded...as. its reason. is mysterious. Horribliorite , it isulipopsed, cement her" emIire; ithe iites'of loodoo. lie that as it may, I would have you dismiss-the . 't?ught of.'thisa 'itdoliiamble wrtec; it isoi not 'fronm?her'thit 'dagger tlrtiotens us, . and into her hands, 1 make hbold to pro ;mise;, you shiall 'iever fall." "" ' "Father ?" I cried.' "Falli Was.there any truth, then, in her words? 'Am An'I o fither,:tell me'ilaisi; :I' 'ts'bear any thiig bhut this suspense." ' ' "I will tell you," he replied. " with' 'i fbil'bllitnesis. 'Your oiithlihir was a. slave; it was my design, so soon as I liad ' saved a competence, to sail to the free land of Britain, where the law would suffer meto marseryher; a tdign'otb lotng preo titinated ;-.for ditith at the last moment intervened.. You will now under- . stand, the heaviness with which your mother's memory hangs about my heck." I cried out aloud, -inu pity fo my parenitsi and in seeding to' console the survvor, I forgot myself "It matters not,' resumed" my fathler. "What I hoaveleft unldone cs Ilever be repaired, and I. must'hear the. peialty of y. remorsue: But, Teresi, with so cutting y renminder of the evils of delay, I set my self.at once to do twhat was tilrlpossible- •to~liberate yourself.,, ::,,?,, ,? ,,? ; I bhegan:.to break forth inthanks, but he checked mte with ?a sombre roughness. " S"Your mother's illness, '!::he resumed, Shod eingaed too grreai ipeortiod otfmy :time' "my' btisinss' i" the 'city' Ihad 'lais toe lonseat toh merFy of., ignoislott under \- eifualfdd'ktootwed-h tt'thdt:i"tiu'io'?reti'uL stones, thlat art by whlich I can distiiijiish, even on the darkest night, a sapphire from a ruby, and tell at a glance in what quarter of the earth aget was disinterred -all these had been too long absent from the onduct of afairs.' Teresa, 1 was in solavent" "Whatmattersthatl7" Icried. " What matters poverty, if we be left together with:our lovseand.sacred memories '" " Yoe "do" S?ot ctmpireheid," he said, gloomily.. "Slave, as you are young- alas I scarce more than child. accomn plished,-beautiful, with the most touching beauty, innocent as an angel-all these qualities- that should-disarm the very wolves and crocodiles, are, in the eyes of those to whom I stand, indebted, commo dities to buy and sell. You are a chattel, a marketable thing, and' worth-heavens, that I should say such words I-worth money. Do you begin to see ? If I were to give you freedom, I should defraud my rceditors'. the manumission would be cer tainly annulled you would be still a slave, and I a criminal." I caught his hand in mine, kissed it, and moaned in pity for myself, in sym pathy for my father. .How I;have; toiled,'" he continued, "how I have dared and striven to repair my losses, Heaven has beheld and will re member. Its blessing was denied to my endeavors, or, as I please myself by thinking. but delayed to' descend upon my danghteris head. At lesgth all hope was ct'asi ?d; I was ruined beyond re trierv; a heavy debt fell dueo uponthe-.: morrow, which I could not meet ; I should he declared a bankrupt, bsridmy goods,my 'lands, niy jewels that I so much loved, my slaves whibm I have spoiled and ren dered happy, and oh ! ten-fold worse,you, uy.,beloved daughter, would be sold and pass into the ha]ids bf ignorant and greedy trallickers.. Too long, Isaw, had I ac cepted end profited by thisi great crime of slavery; but:.was my daughter, my in nocent, unsullied daughter, was she to pay the price? 1 cried out-no I-I took heaven: to : 'witness my i.temptation; I caught up this bag and ltied. Close upon my track are the pursuers; perhaps to morroir 'the&y; will land upon this isle, sacred to the memory of the dear soul that bore you, to consign your father to an ignominous. prison, and yourself to slavery a-d dishonor: We have notmany hours before us. .Off the north coast of our' isle, by 'strange 'good 'fortune, an English; yacht ,has for some. days been hoveriug. If bilongs to Sir George Gre ville, whom I slightly know, to whom ere now I have rendered unusualservices,and - who will not refuse to help in our escape. Or if he did, if his gratitude were in de ::uti,, saletso power to force him. Bor what dues it mean; my child-what means this Etu alishtmaun, who. hangs for years upon tihe shares of 'Cuba, and returns from every trip with new and valuable genis. . " "He :may have. found a mine," I hazarded.' " So he declares," returned my father; "but the strange gift I have received from nature easily transpierced the fable. He broight' me diamonds only, which I bought, at first, in innocence; at a second glance I started, for of these stones, my 'child,' some had first seen the day in Africa, some in Brazil, while others, from their peculiar water and rude workman ship, 1 divined to be the spoil of ancient 'temples. Thus put upon the scent, I made enquiries ; oh, he is cunning, but I was. cunninger than he. He visited, I found, the shop of every jeweller in town; to:ohis he came with rubies, to one with emeralds, to, one with precious beryl; to allwith this same story of the mine. Buat in what mine, what rich epitome of the earth's surface were there conjoined the rubies of Ispahan,. the pearls of Coro mandel, and the diamonds of Golconda 1 No, child, that mnii, for all his yacht and title, that man must fear and must obey me. To- night, then, as soon as it is dark, we'must take our way through the swamp by the path which I shall presently show ou ; thence across the highlands of the isle a track is blazed, which shall conduct us to the haven on the north ; and close by the yacht is riding. Should my pur suers come before the hour at which I look to see them; they will still arrive too.late; a trusty man attends osi the mainland ; as soon as theyappear we shall behold, if it be dark, 'the redness of a fire; if it be day, a' pillar of smoke on the opposing headland; 'and thus wearned, we shall have time to put the swamp between our selves' and danger."' Meantime I 'must conceal this bag; I would, before all 'things, be seen to arrive at the house with empty hands ; a blabbing slave might elsi ,undo us.. For see I" he added, and holding up the bag, which he had already shown me, he poured into my lap a shower of unmounted jewels, brighter -than.flowers, of every size and color, and catching, as they fell, upon a million dainty facets the ardor'of the sun. I could not restrain a cry of admiration. "Even in your ignorant eyes," pursued :my fathdr,'" they command respect. Yet what are they but pebbles, passive to the tool, cold as death ? Ingrate I" he cried. " iE?Elachon of. thesse-miracles of nature's patience, conceived out of the dust in con tuoies of'tiirciosopipcal aitivity,' each one is, for you and me, a year of life, liberty, and mutual affection. How, then, should 'I clherisli/theni h-and why'do I delay to 'plaoi the?i beyond reach I Teresa, follow me." . . He rose to his feet and led me to the borders of'the great jungle, where they overhung, in a wall of poisonous :ind dusky ,foliage,the declivity of the hills ou which amy father's house stood plaiitet'. For rsome while he skirted, with attentive eyes, the margin of the thicket. Then, se!eming -to recognize some mark, for his coolnten htice became -immediately 'lightenedl of tlhought, lie paused and addressed ime. "'Here," said he, "is the entrance of ' the'secret path thatlhave mentioned, and here you shall a?iait me.' I but pass some hundreds of yards into the swamp to bury mypoor treasure; as soon as that is safe I will return." It was in vain that I sought to dissuade .him, :urging the= dangers of the place; in vain thatI begged tobe allowed to follow, pleading the black blood that I now knew to circulatoin my veins. Toallmyappeals he turned a deaf ear, and, bending back a portion of. the screen of 'bushes, disap peared into the pestilential silence of the swamp. SAt the:end ofa full hour the bushes: leresonce more thrust aside, and my faither stepped from,out,the thicket, paused, .nd almost staggered in the first shock of se blinding sunlight: ; His face was of a ,.gsular dusky red;,and yet. for alilthe '-sat of th' tropical noon, he did not seem • .sweat ,? -. : , . " ""'Y ie tired"I a ried, apriing to> eetL.hhig.°.r' yotu ate ill. . "oI re tired, he' replied'";",,th'e" ai in )hat junglesntifles one my :eyes, besides, have grown sccrstoaed to ist gloom, and :, tlibb"trong' nhnshined 'piercesl theremlike knives i Aidieshit, Teresa, give idebut a moment., All shall yet be well. I iavea 'IiiidH'dthio'ioidod'der a cypJliess, imme diately'hyoid?d' he bayou. ou the left ihand .margn .of' tlŽ p'lcO, beautiful, 'blight ihingos'-thiy now lue' hclmed in • slime; you shall find them there, if need ful Bt come, let us tothe house; it is time to?eat against our journey of the "'ight; to eat and: then to sleep, my poor Teresa; then to sleep." And he looked aipon me out of bloodshot eyes, shaking :his head as if in'pity. We went hurriedly, for he kept mur oiurings that he had been gone too long, 'hlid that the servants might suspect; ppassed througha the airy stretch of the verandah, and came at length into the "grateful twilight of the shuttered house. TPhe meal was spread ; the house servants, -'lready informed by the boatmen of the '"naster's return, were all back at their -posts, and terrified, as I could see, to face .me. PIy father still murmuring of haste w'vith. weary and feverish pertinacity, r "hurried at once to take my place at table ; but I hid no sooner left his arm than he paused aiid thrust forth both his hands with a strange gesture of groping. "How is this " he cried, in a sharp,, inhuman voice. "Ain I blind'1":. I ran to him and tried to lead him to the table ; buthe resisted and stood stiffly where he was, "opening and shutting-his jaws; as if in a :painful .'effort. after .breath. 'Then sud "denly he raisdd both hands to his tem p·les, cried- out, "~My head, .my head:l" and'resled and fell against the wall. I; bkisew_ toowell, what it, must be. : I turned arid beggeit the servaiits~io %rlilve him. But they, with one accord, denied the possibility- of hope; the master- had gone into the swamp, they said, - the master must die;' allhelp was idle. Why should I dwell upon his sufferings ? I had hlil carried to ahbed, and"watched beside .hli.'f He lay still, and at times ground hli teetb,- and talked at times unintel i gibly,' only" that one word of hurry, lhurry;'comin'g distinctly to my ears,-and telling "me that even in the last struggle <with the powers of death his mind was still tortured by his:daughter's peril. The "sun had gone down,. the darkness had fallen when 1 perceived that I was alone bi this wretched .erth. What thought had I of flight, of safety, of the impending dangers of my situ -lion ? Beside the body cif my last friend, I had forgotten all xsrept the natural pangs of my bereave Tha' sun was some four hours above the ;easterrn line when I was called to a know ledge of the things~of earth by the en tirance of the slave girl to whom Ihaveal ready refcrred.; The poor soul was indeed ei otedly attaclmhed to, me ; and it was with streamingtears that she broke to me the import of her coming. lth the first light of dawri a boat had reached our land ing place, and set on shore upon our isle (tll now so fortunate) a party of officers bearing a warrant to arrest my father's person, and a man of a gross bodyand low manners, who declared the island, the plantation, and all its human chattels to be now his own. "I think," said my slave-girl, "he must be a politician or some very powerful sorcerer, for Madame Mendizabal had no sooner seen them com ing than she took to the woods." " Fool," said I, " it was the officers she feared ; and at any rate why does that bel dam still dare to pollute the island with herpresence ? Andoh, Cora,"Iexclaimed. remembering my grief, " what matters all these troubles to an orphan 7 " " Mistress," said she, "I must remind you of two things. Never speak as you do now of Madame Mendizabal; or never to a person of color, for she is the most powerful woman'in this world, and her real name even, if one durst pronounce it, were a spell to raise the 'dead. And whatever you do, speak no more of her to your unhappy Coral for though it is pos sible she may be afraid of the police (and indeed I think that I have heard that she is in hiding), and though I know that you will laugh and not believe, yet it is true, and proved, and known, that she hears every word that people utter in this whole, vast world ; and your poor Cora is already deep enough in her black books. She looks at me mistress, till my blood turns to ice. That is the firstIhad tosay ; and now for the second : do, pray, for heaven's sake, hear in mind that you are no longer the poor senor's daughter. He is gone, dear gentleman ; and nowyou are no more than a common slave-girllike myself. The man to whom you belong calls for you; oh, my dear mistress, go at once. ' With your youth and beauty you may still, if you are winning and obedient, secure for yourself an easy life." For a moment I looked on the creature with the indignation you may conceive; the next it was goIn: ; she did but speak :after her kind, as the bird sings or cattle bellow. "Go," saidI; "go, Cora. I thank 'you for your kind intentions. Leave me' "'alone one moment with my dead father, and tell this man that I will come at once." doe went; lsndI; turning to the bed of desth, addressed to those deaf ears the last appeal.and defence of my beleaguered innocence. " Father," I said, "it was your last thought,'even in the pangs of dissolution, thlat your daughter should escape disgrace. lcre at your side, I swear to you that purpose shall be carried out; by what means, I know not; .by crime, if ried be; and heaven forgive both you and me and our oppressors, and heaven forgive my helplessness !" There upon I felt strengthened as by long re pose; stepped to the mirror-ay, even in that chamber of the dead; hastily ar- - ranged my hair, refreshed my tear-worn eyes, breathed a dumb farewell to the originator of "my days and sorrows, and, composing my features to a smile, went forth to meet my master. He was in a greas, hot bustle, 'review ing that house, once ours, to which he had but now succeeded; acorpulent, san guine man of middle age, sensual, vulgar humourous, and, if I judged rightly, not ill- disposed by nature. But the sparkle that came into his eye as he observed me enter, warned me to expect the worst. ''Is this your late mistress?" he in quired of the slaves, and when he had learned it was so, said he: "I am a plain Iman; none of your damned Spaniards, but a true blue, hard-working, honest Englishman. My name is Caulder." "Thank you, sir," said I, and courte slied very smartly as I had seen the ser vants. " Come," said he, " this is better than I had expected; and if you choose to be dutiful in the station to' which it has pleased God to call you, you will find me a very kind old fellow. I like yourlooks," he added, calling ime by' name, which he sceandalously mispronounced. " Is your hair all' your own ?" he then inquired with a certain sharpness, and coming to me,. as though I were a horse, hie grossly satisfied' his doubts. I was one flame from .head to foot, 'but I contained my righteous anger and submitted. "That is very well," he- continued, chucking me good humoredly under theai chin; "you will have no cause to regret cominig to old Caulder, eh-I But' tht is by, the way.. 'What is more to the point is this : your late master was a most dishonest rogue 'and levsnted with some valuable property that beln~n?d of nightatom.' 'Now, ou-' aidering your relation to him, I regard you as the likeliest person to know what has become of it I and Iwarn you, before you answer, that my whole future kindness will depend upon your honesty. I am an honest man myself, and expect the same in my servants." "'Do you mean the jewels?" said I, sinking my voice into a whisper. "That is just precisely what I do," said he, and chuckled. "Hush I" said L "Hush I" he repeated; "and why hush 7 I am on my own place, I would have you to know, and surrounded by my own lawful servants." S"Are the ofIicers gone " I asked; and oh,. how my hopes hung upon the answer. "They are," said he] looking somewhat disconcerted. " Why do you ask ?" "I wish you had kept them," I an swered, solemnly enough, although my heart at that same moment leaped with exultation. " Master. I must not conceal from you the truth. The servants onthis estate are in a dangerous condition, and mutiny has long been brewing." "Why," he cried, "1 never saw a milder-looking lot of niggers in risy life." But for all that he turned pale. "'Did thiey tell-- iyo," I continued; "' that Madame MIendisabal is on the island ?-that, since her coming, they :bbey none but her ?-that if, this morning, they have received you with even decent civility, it was only by her orders-issued with what efterthought, I leave you to consider 1" "Mad;'Ls Jezebel ?" said he; "well, she is a dangerous devil; the police are after her, besides, for a whole series of murders; but after all, what then ? To be sure, she has agreat influence with you colored folk. But what in fortune's name can be her errand here ?" "The jewels," I replied. "Ah, sir, had you seen that treasure, sapphire and emerald and opal, and the golden topaz, and rubies, red as the sunset-of whatin calculable worth, of what unergrlled beauty to the eye !-had you seen it, as I have, and alas I as she has-you would understand and tremble at your danger." "'She has seen them 1" he cried; and I could see by his face, that my audacity was justified by its success. I caught his hand in mine. "my master." said I, " I am now yours; it is my duty, it should be my l? a!u,", to de fend your interests and li:c. Hlear my advice then ; and, I conjure ya l be guided byprudence. Follow me privily ; let none see where we are going ; I will lead you to the place where the treasure has been buried ; that once disinterred, let us make straight for the boat, escape to.the main land, and not return to this dangerous isle without the countenance of soldiers." What free man in a free land would have credited so sudden a devotion ? But this oppressor, through the very arts and sophistries he had abused to quiet the re bellion of his conscience and to convince himself that slavery was natural, fell like a child into the trap I laid for him. He praised and. thanked me; told me I had all the qualities he valued in a servant; and when he had questioned me further as to the nature and value of the treasure, and I had once more artfully inflamed his greed, bade me without delay, proceed to carry out my plan of action. From a shed in the garden, I took a pick and shovel; and thence, by devious paths among the magnolias, led my master to the entrance of the swamp. I walked first, carrying, as I was now in duty bound, the tools, and, glancing continually behind me, least we'should be spied upon and followed. When we were come as far as the beginning of the path, it flashed into my mind I had forgotten mat ; and, leav ing IMr. Caulder in the shadow of a tree, I returned alone to the hoosq for a basket of provisions. Were they for him ? I asked myself. And a voice within me an swered, No. While we were face to face, while I still saw before my eyes the man to whom I belonged, as the hand belongs to the body, say indignation held me bravely up. But now that I was alone I conceived a sickness at myself and my designs that I could scarce endure; I longed to throw myself at his feet, avow my intended treachery, and warn him from that pestilential swamp, to which I was decoying him to die ; but my vow tomy dead father, my duty to my own innocence, prevailed against these scruples; and though my face was pale and must have reflected the horror that oppressed my spirits, it was with a firm step that I returned to the boarders of the swamp, and with smiling lips bade him rise and follow me. s The path on which we now entered was cut like a tunnel through the living jungle. On either hand and overhead, tihe mass of foliage was continuously joined ; the day sparingly filtered through the depth of super- impending wood; and the air was hot like steam, and heavy with vegetable odors, and lay like a load upon the lunge and brain.c.Under foot, a great depth of mould received our silent, footprints; on each side mimosas, as tall as a man, shrank from my passing skirts with a con tinious hissing rustle; and but for these sentient vegetables, all in that den of pes tilence was motionless and noiseless. We had gone buta little way in, whel MAr. Caulder was seized with a sudden nausea, and.must sit down a moment on the path. My heart yearned, as I beheld him; and I seriously begged the doomed mortal to return upon his steps. What were a few jewels in the scales with life ? I asked. But no, he said; that witch, SMadame Jezebel, would find them out ; he .was an honest man, and would not stand 'to be defrauded, and so forth, panting the while, like a sick dog. Presently he got to his feet again, protesting he had conquered his uneasiness; but as we again began to go forward, I saw in his changed countenance the first approach of death. "MIaster," said I, " you look pale, deathly pale; your pallor fills me with dread. Your eyes are bloodshot; they are red like the rubies that we seek." " Wench," he cried, "look before you ; look at your steps. I declare to heaven, if you. annoy me once again by looking back, I shal remind you of the change in your position." A little after I observed a worm upon 'thd ground, and told, in a whisper, that its touch was death. Presently a great, green serpent, vivid as the greass in spring, would rapidly cross the path; and once again I, paused and looked back at my companion with a horrr in my eyes.-. S oThe cofin snake," saidI ; ." the snake that dogs its victims like a hound." But he was not to be dissuaded. "I m 'an 'old traveller," said he. ?' This is afoul jungle indeed, but we shall soon be at an "iAy," said I, looking at him with a stmnge amile,." what end ?" . •Thereupon he laughed naain audnagain. a but not:very heartily; and then; perceiv-" ing that ther path begin to widen.and: grow higher: "There! i '8aid he; ' what did I tell yonu Weare past the worst" Indeed, we had now come to the bayou, which was in that place very narrow and bridged across by a:fallen trunk; but on either hand we could see it broaden out, under a cavern of great arms of trees and hanging creepers; sluggish, putrid, of a horrible and sickly stench, floated on by the flat heads of alligators, and its banks alive with scarlet crabs. "If we fall from that unsteady bridge," said I, "see, where the cayman lies ready to devour us I If, by the least divergence from the path, we should be snared in a morass, see, where those myriads of scarlet vermin scour the borders of the thicket: Once helpless, how they would swarm to gether to the assault I What could a man do against a thousand of such mailed assailants? And what a death were that to perish alive under their claws 1" "Are you mad, girl 1" he cried. " I bid you be silent andlead on." Again I looked upon him, half relent ing; and at that- he raised the stick that was in his hand, and cruelly struck me on the face. "Lead on 1 " he cried again. " Must I be all day, catching my death in this vile slough, and all for a prating slave-girl 1" I took the blow in silence, I took it smiling; but the blood welled back upon niy heart-rSomething,-I knowt not what, fell at that moment with a dull plunge in the waters of the lagoon, and I told my self that it was my pity that had fallen. On the farther side, to which we now hastily scrambled, the wood was not so dense, the web of creepers not so solidly convolved. It was possible, here apd there, to mark a patch of somewlit brighter - daylight, or to distinguish. through the lighter web of parasites, tihe proportions of some soaring tree. The cypress on the left stood very visibly forth upon the edge of such a clearing; the path in that. place widened broadly; and there was a patch of open ground, beset with horrible ant-heaps, thick ivith their artificers. I laid down the tools and basket by the cypress root, where they were instantly blackened over with the crawling ants ; and looked once more in the face of my unconscious victim. Mus quitoes and foul flies wove so close a veil between us that his features were ob scured ; and the sound of their flight was like the tsmintg of a mhity wches-l.I " Here," I said, " is the spot. I cannot dig, for I have not learned to sre such mnstruments ; but, for your own sake, I hoseech you to be swift in what you do." Q Uo had sunk once more upon the ground, panting like a fish, and I saw rising in his face thile same dusky flush that had mantled on my father's. "] feel ill," he gasped, "horribly ill; the swamp turns around me; the drone ol these carrion flies confounds me. Have you not wine ?" I gave him a glass, and he drank greedily. "It is for you to think," said I. " if you should further persevere. The swamp has an ill name,"and at the word I ominously nodded. - " Give me the pick," said he. "LWhere are the jewels buried " I told him vaguely, and in the swelter ing heat and closeness, and dim twilight of the jungle, he began to wield the pick. axe, swinging it overhead with the vigot of a healthy man. At first there broke forth upon him a strong sweat, that made his face to shine, and in which the greedy insects settled thickly. "To sweat in such a place," said I; "oh, master, is this wrise ? Fever is 'drunk in through open pores." " What do you mean ? " he screamed, pausing with the pick buried in the soil. "'Do you seek to drive me mad? Do you think I do not understand the danger that [run?" " That is all I want," said I; "I only wish you to be swift." And then, 'my mind flitting to my father's deathbed, I began to murmur, scarce above my breath, the same vain repetition of words: "Hurry, hurry, hurry." Presently, to my surprise, the treasure seeker took them up; and while he still wielded the pick, but now with staggering and uncertain blows, repeated to himself, as it were the burden of a song, "Hurry, hurry, hurry;" and then again, "There is no time to lose ; the marsh has an ill name, ill nanme:" and then back to " Hurry, hurry, hurry," with a dreadful, mechanical, hurried, and yet wearied utterance, as a sick man rolls upon his pillow.@The sweat had disappeared. He was now dry, but, all that I could see of him, of the same dull brick red. Pre sently his pick unearthed the bag of jewels; but he did not observe it, and continued hewing the soil. 0 "Master," said I, "there is the treasure." He seemed to waken from a dream. Where ?" he cried; and then seeing it before his eyes, "Can this be possible ?" he added,. "I must be light-headed. Girl," he cried suddenly, with the same screaming tone of voice that I had once before observed, "what is wrong ?-is this swamp accursed 7 " "It is a grave," I answered. "You will not get out alive; and as for me, my lifo is in God's hands." He fell upon the ground like a man struck by a blow, but whether from the effect of my words, or from the sudden seizure of the malady, I cannot telL Pretty soon lie raised his head. '"You have brouglht me here to die," he said; "at the risk of your own days, you have condemned me. Why?" " To save my honor," I replied. "Bear me out that I have warned you. Greed of these pebbles, and not I, has been your undoer." He took out his revolver and handed it to me. 'You see," ie said, "I could have killed you even yet. But I am dying, as you say ; nothing could save me, snd my bill is long enough already. Dear me, dear me," lie said, looking in my face with a curious, puzzled, and pathetic look, like a dull child at school, " if there be a judgment afterward, my bill is long enough." At that Ibroke into a passion of weep ing, crawled at his feet, kissed his hands, begged his forgiveness, put the pistol back into his grasp, and besought him to avenge his death ; for, indeed, if with my life I could have brought back his, I had not balanced at the cost. But he was de termined, the poor soul, that I shlould yet more bitterly regret my act. "I have nothing to forgive,'" said he. " Dear heaven, what a thing is an old fool I thouhglt, upon my word, you hIad token quite a fancy to me." He was seized at the same tine with a dreadful, swimmitng dizziness, clunsg to me like a child, and called upon the name if some woman. Presently thisspasm, whicls I lnd watched with choking tears,lessened and died away, and he came again to the full possession of his mind. "I must write my will," he said. "Get out my pcket-book." I did so, and he wro-tr hrriedly on one page p with a pencil 'Do not let my son know," hie said; "I he isa criel dog, is nriy non Philip; do not let him know how you have paid me out·;" and then all of a sudden, "God." he cried, "I am blind,' and clapped both hands before his eyes ; and then again, and in a groaning whisper: "Dont leave me to the crabs I "'0 swore I would be true to hint so long as a pulse stirred, and I re deemed my promise. I sat there and watched himt, as I had watched my father, but with what different, with what appal ling thoughts ! Through the long after noon he gradually sank. All that while 1 fought au up- hill battle to shield him from the swarms of ants and the cloud of mosquitoes- thile prisoner of my crime. The night fell, the roar of insects in stantly redoubled in the dark arcades of the swamp, and still I was not sure that he had breathed his last. At length, the flesh of his hand, which I yet held in mine, grew chill between my fingers, and I knew that I was free. I took his pocketbook and the revolver, being resolved rather to Hde than to be captured, and laden besidas with the basket and the bag of gems, set forward toward the north. The swamp, at that hour of the night, was filled with a con tinuous din antimals and insects of all kinds, and all inimical to life, contribut ing their parts. Yet in the midst of this turmoil of sound I walked as though my ,eyes were bandaged, beholding nothing. The soil sank under my footw?ith a horrid, slippery consistence, as though I were walking among toads; the touch of the thick wall of foliage, by which alone I guided myself, affrighted me like the touch of serpents; the darkness checked my breathing like a gag; indeed, I have never suffered such extremes of fear as during that nocturnal walk, nor have I ever known a more sensible relief than when I found the path beginning to mount and to grow firmer under foot, and saw, although still some way in front of me, the silver brightness of the moon. Presently I had crossed the last of the jungle, and come forth among noble and lofty woods, clean rock, the clean, dry dust, the aromatic smell of mountain plants that had been baked all day in sun light, and tie expressive silence of the night. ?My negro blood had carried me unhurt across that reeking and pestiferous morass; by mere good fortune I had escaped the crawling and stinging vermin with which it was alive, and I had now before me the easier portion of my enter prise, to cross the isle and to make good my arrival at the haven and my acept ance on the English yacht...It was im possible by night to follow-such a track as my father had described, and I was casting about for any landmark, and, in my ignorance, vainly consulting the dis position of the stars, when there fellupon my enar, from somewhere far in front, the sound of many voices hurriedly speaking. I scarce knew upon what grounds I acted, but I shaped my steps in the direc tion of that sound, and in a quarter of an hour's walking came unperceived to the margin of an open glade. It was lighted by the strong moon and by the flames of a fire. In the midst there stood a little low and rude building surmounted by a cross ; a chapel, as I then remembered to have heard long since desecrated and given over to the rites of Hoodoo. Hard by tie steps of entrance was a black mass, continually agitated and stirring to and fro as if with inarticulate life, and this I presently perceived to be a heap of cocks, hares, dogs, and other birds and animals, still struggling, but helplessly tethered and cruelly tossed one upon another. Both the fire and the chapel were sur rounded by a ring of kneeling Africans, both men and women. Now they would raise their palms half-closed to heaven, with a peculiar, passionate gesture of sup plication; now they would bow their heads and spread their hands before them on the ground. As the double movement passcd and repassed along the line the heads kept rising and falling, like waves upon the sea; and still, as if in time to these gesticulations, the hurried chant continued. 1 stood spell-bound, knowing that my life depended by a hair, knowing that I had stumbled on a celebration of the rites of Hoodoo. Presently the door of the chapel opened, and there came forth a tall negro, entirely nude, and bearing in his land the sacrificial knife. He was followed by an apparition still more strange and shock ing: Madame MIendizabal, naked also, and marrying in both hands and raised to the level of her face an open basket of wicker. It was filled with coiling snakes, and these, as she stood there with the up lifted basket. shot through the osier grat. ing and curled about her arms. At the sight of this the fervor of the crowd seeimed to swell suddenly higher, and the chant rose isl pitch and grew more irregu lar in t.hee and accent. Then, at a sign from the tall negro, where he stood motionless and smiling in the imoon and firelight, the sing-ing died away, and there began the second stage of this barbarous and bloody celebration. From different parts of the ring. one after another man or woman run forth into tihe midst; ducked, with that sanme gesture of the thrown-up ihand, be fore the priestess and her snakes; and, with various adjuratious, uttered aloud the blackest wishes of the heart. Death and disease were thie favors usually in voked-the death or the disease of enemies or rivals ; some calling down these plagues upon the nearest of their own blood, and one, to whom I swear I hlad never been less than kind, invoking them upon ny self. At each petition, the tall negro, still snmiling, picked up some bird or animal from the heaving mass upon his left, slew it with his knife, and tossed its body on the ground. At length,it senemed, it reached the turn of the high-priestess. Sile set down the basket on the steps, grovelled in the dust before the reptiles, and still grovelling lifted up her voice, between speech and singing, and with so great, with so insane a fervor of excite ment, is struck a sort of horror through my blood. "Power," sihe began, "whose name we do not utter; power that is neither good nor evil, but below them both; stronger than good, greater than evil-all my life long I have adored and served thee. Who has shed blood upon thy altars ? Whose voice is broken with the -inging of thy praises ? Whose limbs are faint before their age with leaping in thy rrevels Who hs slain the child of her body ? I,"she cried, "I, MIetamnbobu I By my own name I name myself. I tear away the veil. I would be served or perish. Hear me, slime of tile fat swamp, blackness of the thunder, venom of the serpent's udder-hear or slay me I I would have two thinge, O shapeless one, O horror of emptiness-two things, or die I The blood of my white-faced hus band; oh, give me that; he is the enemy of Hoodoo; give me his blood I And yet another, O racer of the blind winds, O .gennrminator of the ruins of the dead, O root of life, root of corruption If-I grow old, I grow hideous I am unknown, I am hunted for my lifo ; let thy servant then lay by this outworn bedy; let thy chief prieateas turn again to the blossoms of her days, and be a girl once more, and the desired of all men, even as in the past 1 And, O lard ald ciaster as 1 here ask a marvel not yet wrought since we were torn fr',o the old land, have I not pro pared the sacritice in which thy soul delighteth--the kid without the horns I" Even as she uttered the words, there was a great rumor of joy through all the ,ircle of the worshippers ; it rose, and fell, and rose again ; and swelled at last into rapture, when the tall negro, who had stepped an instant into the chapel, reap peared before the door, carrying in his arms the body of the slave-girl, Cora. I know not if I saw what followed, When next my mind awoke to a clear knowledge, Cora was laid upon the steps before the serpents ; the negro with the knife stood over her; the knife rose, and at this I screamed out in my great horror, bidding them, in God's name, to pause. A stillness fell upon the mob of canni bals. A moment more and they must have thrown off this stupor, and I infallibly have perished. But heaven had designed to save me. The silence of these wretched. men was not yet broken, when there arose in the empty night a sound louder than the roar of any European tempest, swifter to travel than the wings of any eastern wind. Blackness engulfed the world; blackness, stabbed across from every side by intiteate and blinding lightning. Al most in the same second, at one world swallowing stride, the heart of the tornado reached the clearing. I heard an agoniz ing crash, anid the light of my reason was overwhelmed. "'When I recovered consciousness, the day was come. I was unhurt; the trees close about me had not lost a bough; and I might have thought at first that the tornado was a feature in a dream. It was otherwise indeed; for when 1 looked abroad I perceived I had escaped des truction byahand's-breath. Rightthrough the forest, which here covered hill and dale, the storm had ploughed a lane of ruin. On either hand the trees waved uninjured in the air of the morning, but in the forth right course of its advance the hurroeane had left no trophy standing. t Everything in that line, tree, man, or animal, the desecrated chapel and the votaries of Hoodoo, had been subverted and destroyed in that brief spasm of anger of the powers of the air. Everything, but a yard or two beyond the line of its passage, humble fower, lofty tree, and the loor vunher::l: maid who now kneeled to pay her ,lotI tude to heaven, awoke unharmned in 1t. crystal purity and peace of the new day. To move by the path of the torlnad was a thing impossible to man, so wildly were the wrecks of the tall forest piled together by that fugitiveeconvulsion. I crossed it indeed, with such labour and patience, with so nmany dangerous slipsand falls, as left mte, at the further side, bankrupt alike of strength and cour age. There I sat down a while to recruit my forces; and as I ate (low should I bless the kindliness of heaven i) my eyes, flitting to and fro in tile colonnade of the great trees, alighted on a trunk that had been blazed. Yes, by the directing hand of Providence, I had been conducted to. the very track I was to follow. With what a light heart I now set forth, and, walk ing with how glad a step, traversed tle uplands of the isle 1 -It was hard upon the hour of nooe when I came, all tattered and wayworn. to the summit of a steep descent, afid looked below sme on the sea. About a;: the coast, the surf, roused by the torooad of the night, beat with a particular fury and made a fringe of snow. Close at my feet I saw a haven, set in precipitious and palm-crowned bluffs of rock. .loust out side a ship was heaving on the surlre, so trimly sparred, so glossily pa:inted, so elegant and point device ito every feastto.. that my heart was seized with ad ntirttio,. The English colors 1,lew fromt her sas:t head, and from my high station I e?a?nt.-: glimpses of her snowy planaking, at - i:e rolled on the uneven deep, and saw the sun glitter on the brass of her deck furni ture. There, then, was my ship of refosge. and of all my difficulties only one r, mained-to get on board of her. i) Half an hour later I issued, at last, ,o,, of the woods on a moargin of a core, into whose jaws the tossing and blue billow.e entered, and along whose shores thcly broke with a surprising loudness. A wooded promontary hid the yacht, and i had walkedsome distance round the beanc in what appeared to be a virgin solitude, when mly eye fell on a boat, draotwn iuto a natural harbour, where itroeked ir safety but deserted. I looked abo:ut for thltoo who should have matnned her: and presently, in the iommediate entrance of the wood, spied the red em bers of a fir., and, stretched around in vanous attitudes, a party of slumbering mariners. To these I drew near. Most were blacks, a few white, but all dressed with the conspicuous decency of yachtsmen; and one, from his peaked cap and glittering buttons, I rightly divined to be an officer. Him, then, I touched upon the shoulder. He started up; the sharpness of his move ment awoke the rest, and they all stared utpon ne in surprise. " What do you want '?" said tlhe oflicer. "To go on board the ylact,"I answered. 1 thought they all seemed disconcerted at this, and the officer, with something of sharpness, asked me who I was. Now I had determined to conceal my name until I met Sir George, and the first name that rose to my lips was that of Senora IfendizabeL At the word there went a shock about the little party of seamen; tile negroes stared at me with indescrib able eagerness, the whites themselves with something of a sacred surprise; and in stantly the spirit of mischief prompted me to add : "And if the name is new to your ears, call me BIetamnbobu." I had never seen an effect so wonderful. The negroes threw their hands into the air. with the same gesture I remarked the night before about the Hoodoo camp-fire; first one, and then another, ran forward and kneeled down and kissed the skirts of msy torn dress ; and when the white officer broke out swearing and calling to know if they were mad, the coloured seamen took him by the shoulders, dragged him on one side till they were out of hearing, and surrounded him with open mouths and extravagant pantomimle. The officer seemed to struggle hard; he laughed aloud, and I saw him make gestures of dissent and prdtest; but in the end, whether overcome by reason or simply weary of resistance, he gave in--np proailched me civilly enough, but withl something of a sneering manner under : neath-and touching his cap, " My lady," said he, "if that is what you are, my boat •is ready." 0l 3Iy reception on board the Nemaorosa (for so the yacht was named) partook of ihesameminglednature. We were searcely in hail of that great and elegant fabric, "where she lay rollinsg gunwale under and churning the blue sea to snow, before the bulwarks were lined with the heads of a great crowd of seamen, black, white, and : yello ; andthese andthe fewwho manned the boat began exchanging shouts in some ingua franca incomprehensible to me. All eyes were directed on the passenger, and once more I saw the negroes toss up their hands to heaven, but now as if with pas sionate wonder and delight. At the head of the gangway I was re ceived by another officer, a gentlemanly man with blonde and bushy whiskers, and to him I addressed my demand to Sir George. " But this is not-" he cried, and paused. "I know it," returned the other oficer, whohadbrought me from the shore ; " but what the devil can we do ? Look at all the niggers I" I followed his direction ; and as imy eye lighted upon each, the poor, ignorant Africans ducked and bobbed and bhewed and threw their hands into the air, as though in the presence of a creature half divine. Apparently the officer with the whiskers had instantly come round to the opinion of his subaltern, for lie now ad dressed me with every signal of respect. "Sir George is at the island, my lady," caid he, " for which, with your ladyship's permission, I shall immediately make all sail. The cabins are prepared. Steward, take Lady Greville below." Under this new name, then, and so cap tivated by surprise that I could neither. think nor speak, I was ushered into a spacious and airy cabin, hung about with weapons and surrounded by divans. The steward asked for my commands, but 1 was by this time so wearied, bewildered, and disturbed that I could only wave him to leave me to myself, and sink on a pile of cushions. Presently, by the changed motion of the ship, I knew her to be under way; my thoughts, so far from clarifying, grew the more distracted and confused ; dreams be gan to mingle and confound them. and at length, by insensible transition, I sank into a dreamless slumber. When I awoke the day had passed, and it was once more morning. The world on which I reopened my eyes swam strangely up and down; thejewels in the bag that lay beside chinked beside me ceaselessly; the clock and the barometer wagged to and fro like pendulums, and overhead seamen were singing out at their work, and coils af rope clattering and thumping on the deck. " Yet it was long before I had divined that I was at sea. Long before I had recalled, one after another, the tragical, mysterious, and in esxplicable events that had brought me where Iwas. 0 When I had done so, I thrust the jewels, which I was surprised to find had been respected, into the bosom of my dress, and seeing a silver bell hard by upon a table, rang it loudly. The steward instantly appeared ; I asked for food, and he proceeded to lay the table, regarding me the while with a disquieting and per tinacious scrutiny. To relieve myself of my embarrassment I asked him, with as fair a show of ease as I could muster, if it were usual for yachts to carry so nu merous a crew. "M adame," said he, " I know not who you are, nior what mad fancy has induced you to usurp a name and an appalling destiny that are not yours. I warn you from the souL. No sooner arrived at the island" At this moment he was interrupted by the whiskered officer, who had entered unperceived behind him, and now laid a hand upon his shoulder. The sudden pallor, the deadly and sick fear that was imprinted on the steward's face formed a startling addition to his words. " Parker I" said the officer, and pointed toward the door. "Yes, Mr. Kentish, ' said the steward. "For God's sake, DMr. Kentish I" and vanished with a white face from the cabin. Thereupon the officer bademe sit down, and began to help me, and join in the meal. " I fill your ladyship's glass," said he, and handed me a tumbler of neat rum. "mSir," cried I, "do you expect me to drink this 1" He laughed heartily. "Your ladyship is so much changed," said he, " that Ino longer expect any one thing more than any other." Immediately after, a white sea man entered the cabin, saluted both Mr. Kentish and myself, and informed the officer there was a sail in sight, which was bound to pass us very close, and that Mr. Harland was in doubt about the colours. " Being so near the island 1" asked MDr. Kentish. " That was what Mr. Harland said, air," returned the sailor, with a serape. "Better not, I think," said M"r. Kentish. "My compliments to' Mr. Harland; and if she seem a lively boat, give her the stars and stripes ; but if she be dull, and we can easily outsail ier, show John Dutchman. This is always another word for incivility at sea; sea we can disregard a hail or a flag of distress without attracting notice." As soon as the sailor had gone on deck, I turned to the officer in wonder. " Mr. Kentish --if that be your name," said I, " are you ashamed of your own colours 7" "Your ladyship refers to the "Jolly Roger ? "' he inquired, with perfect gravity, and immediately after went into peals of laughter. "Pardon me," said he; "but here, for the first time, I re cognise yourladyship's impetuosity." Nor, try as I pleased, could I extract from him any explanation of this mystery, but only oily and commonplace evasion. While we were thus occupied, the move ment of the Nernorosa gradually became less violent; its speed at the same time diminished, and presently, after a sullen plunge, her anchor was discharged into the sea. Kentish immediately rose, offered his arm, and conducted me on deck, where I found we were lying in a road stead among many low and rocky islets, lhvered about by an innumerable cloud of sea-fowl. Immediately under our board a somewhat larger island was green with trees, set with a few low buildings, and applroached by a pier of very crazy work manuship; and a inshore of us a small vessel lay at anchor. I had scarce time to glance to the four lquartc ere a boat was lowered. Iwas hlatuded in, Kentislh took a place beside me, and we pulled briskly to the pier. A crswd of villainous, armed loitorers, both black a white, looked on upon ourlanding, aild again the word passed about among the negroes, and asain I was received osith prostnitions and the same gesture of the flung-up hand. By this, what with the appearance of these men and the law les.s, sea-girt spot in which I found myself, my csurage began a little to decline, and, clhnginii to the arm of Mfr. Kentish, I bea'ed him to tell mte what it meant. Isay, madame," he returned, "you know." And leading me smartly through the crwd. whnich continued to follow at a c?asileihlh distance, mid at which he still kept looking back, I thought, with 'appr,-lhesih, he brought me oton alow hiuse that stood in an encismbered yard, ieiiocd t(e door, and begged me to enter. "But why " said I. "I demanded to see Sir George." "Madame," returned Mr. Kentish, :ooking suddenly as black as thunder, "to drop all fence, I know neither who nor what you are, beyond the fact that you are not the person whose name you have assumed. Butbe what you please spy, ghost, devil, or most ill-judging jester-if you do not immediately enter that house I will cut you to the earth." And even as he spoke he threw an un easy glance behind him at the following crowd of blacks. I did not wait to be twice threatened; I obeyed at once, and with a palpitating heart, and the next moment the door was locked from outside and the key with drawn. Thie interior was long, low, and quite unfurnished, but tilled, almost from end to end, with sugar cane, tar-barrels, old tarry rope, and other incongruous and highly inflammable material ; and not only was the door locked, but the solitary win dow barred with iron. I was by this time so exceedingly be wildered and afraid that I would have given years of my life to be once more the slave of Mr. Caulder. I still stood, with my hands clasped, the image of despair, looking about me on the lumber-room or raisin moy eves to heaven, when there ap pcared outside the window hamrs the face of a very black negro, who signed to me imperiously to draw near. I did so, and he instantly, and with every mark of fer vor, addressed me a long speech in some unknown and barbarous tongue. "I declare," I cried, clasping mybrow, "I do not understand one syllable." "Not " hesaid, in Spanish. "'Great, great are the powersof Hoodoo I Hervery mind is changed ! But, oh, chief priestess, why have you suffered yourself to be shut into this cage ?-why did you not call your slaves at once to your defence ? Do you not see that all has been prepared to mur der you ? At a spark this flimsy house will _o in llames, and alas ! who shall then be tlhe chief priestess !-and what shall be the profit of the miracle 1" "Heavens !" cried I, "can I not see Sir George? I must, I moust, come by speech of him. Ohlt bring me to Sir George I" And my terror fairly master ming my courage, I fell upon my knees and began to Inr"av to all the saints. " Lordy I" cried the negro, "hers they come !' And his black head was in stantly withdrawn from the window. " I never heard such nonsense in my life," exclaimed a voice. " Why, so we all say, Sir George," re plied tlhe voice of Mr. Kentish ; " but put yourself in my place. The niggers were near two to one. And upon my word, if you'll excuse me, sir, considering the notion they have taken in their heads, I regard it as precious fortunate for all of us that the mistake occurred." " This is no question of fortune, sir," returned Sir George; " it is a question of my orders, and you may take my word for it, Kentish, either, Harland, or your self, or Parker-or, by George, all three of you !-shall swing for this affair. These are my sentiments. Give me the key and Ite ofi:" Immediately after, the key turned in the lock, and there appeared upon the threshold a gentleman, between forty and fifty, with a very open countenance, and of a stout and personal figure. " iMly dear young lady," said he, " who the devil may you be 1" I told him my story in a rush of words. He heard me, from the first, with an amazement you can scarcely picture, but when I came to the death of the Senora Mlendizabel in the tornado he fairly leaped in the air. "My dear child," he cried, clasping me in his arms, " excuse a man who might be your father I This is the best news I have heard since I was born, for that hag of a mulatto was no less a person than my wife." He sat down upon a tar barrel, as if unmanned by joy. "Dear me," said he, " I declare this tempts me to believe in Providence.' And what," he added, "can I do for you 1" "Sir George," said I, " I am already rich; all that I ask is your protection." " Understand one thing," he said, with great energy; " I will never marry." "I had not ventured to propose it," I exclaimed, unable to restrain my mirth; "I only seek to be conveyed to Eng land, the natural home of the escaped. slave." "Well," returned Sir George, " frankly I owe you one for this exhilarating news ; besides, your father was of use to me. Now, I have made a small competence in business-a jewel mine, a sort of naval agency, et'cetera, and I am on the point or breaking up my company, and retiring to my place in Devonshire to pass a plain old age, unmarried. One good turn. de serves another; if you swear to hold your tongue about ths is iland, these little bon' fire arrangements, and the whole episode of myunfortunate marriage, why, I'll carry you home aboard the Nemorosa." I eagerly accepted his conditions. " One thing more," said he; "my lato wife was some sort of a sorceress among the blacks, and they are all persuaded she has come alive again in your agreeable per son. Now, you will have the goodness to keep up that fancy, if you please ; and to swear to them, on the authority of Hoodoo,. or whatever his name may be, that I am from this moment quite a sacred charac ter.' "I swear it," said I, "by my father's memory, and that is a vow which I will never break." - . ... "I have a considerably. better hold on you than any oath," returned Sir George, with a chuckle; "for you are not only an escaped slave, but have, by your own account, a considerable amount of stolen property. ' - I was struck dumb; I saw it was too true. In a glance I recognized that these jewels were no longer mine. With similar quickness I decided that they should be restored-ay, if it cost me the liberty that I had just regained. Forgetful of all else, forgetful of Sir George, who sat and watched me with a smile, I drew out MIr. Caulder's pocket-book, and turned to the page on which the dying man had scrawled his statement. How saell I describe the agony of happiness and remorse with which Iread it-for my victim had not only set me free,but bequeathed to me the bag of jewels. tal " Mey plain tale draws toward a close. Sir George and I, in my character of his re juvenated wife,,displayed ourselves arm in-arm among the negroes, and were cheered and followed to the place of em barkation.. There Sir George, turning abdut, made a speech to his old com panions,'in which he thanked and bade them farewell with a very manly spirit, and toward the end of which ie fell on some expressions which I still remember. "If any of you gentry lose your money,". \- hd said, "take care you do not come to me; for in the first place I slall do iny ::bst to have you murdered; and if that :fails, I'11 hand yoiu eyr to the law. Blackmail won't do for me. I'll rather risk all upon a castthan be pulled to pieces by degrees. I'll rather-be found out and hang than give a dolt to one man-jack of you." That same night we got under way, and crossed to the port of New Orleans, whence, as a sacred trust, I sent the book to Mr. Caulder's son. In a weeks's time the men were all paid off, new hands were shipped, and the Nemorosa weighed her anchor for old England. A more delightful voyage it were hard to fancy.,. Sir George, of course, was not a conscientious man, but he had an if fected gayety of character that naturally endeared him to the young; and it was interesting to hear him lay out his pro jects for the future, when he should be returned to Parliament, and place at the service of the nation his experience of marine affairs. I asked him if his notion of piracy upon a private yacht were not original, but he told me no. "A yacht, MissValdevia," he observed, is a charted nuisance. Who smuggle I Who rob the salmon rivers of the west of Scotland " Who cruelly beat the keepers if they dare to intervene ' The crews and the proprietors of yachts. AllIhave done is to extend the line a trifle ; and if you ask me for my unbiased opinion, I do not suppose that I am in the least alone. - In short we were the best of friends, and lived like fatheranddaughter, though I still withheld from him of course, that respect which is only due to moral excel lence. We were still some days' sail from Eng land when Sir George obtained from an outward-bound ship a packet of news papers, and from that fatal hour my mis fortunes recommenced. He sat the same evening in the cabin reading the news, and making savoury comments on the de cline of England and the poor condition of the navy, when I suddenly observed him to change colour. " Hullo I" said he, " this isbad ; this is deuced bad, Miss Valdevia. You would .. not listen to sound sense, you would send that pocketbook to that man Caulder's son." "Sir George," said I, "it was my duty." "You are pretty paid for it, at least," says he ; " And much as Iregret it, I, for one, am done with you. This foellow Caulder demands your extradition." " But a slave," I returned, " s sae in England." "Yes, by George I" replied the baro net; but it's not a slave, Miss Valdevia, it's a thief that he demands. He has quietly destroyed the will, and now ac cuses you of robbing your father's bank rupt estateof jewels to the value of ahun dred thousand pounds." . I was so much overcome with indig nation at this hateful charge and concern for my unhappy fate that the genialbaro net made haste to put me more at ease. " Do not be cast down," said he. " Of course, I wash my hands of you myself. A man in my 'position-baronet, old family, and all that-can not possibly be too particular about the company that he keeps. But I am a deuced good-humored old boy, let me tellyou, when not ruffled, and I will do the best I can to put you right. Iwill lend you a trifle of ready money, give you the address of an excel lent lawyer in London, and find a way to set you on shore unsuspected.. " . He was in every particular as good as his word. Four days later the entoresa sounded her way, under the cloak of a dark night, into a certain haven of the coast of England, and a boat, rowing with muffled oars, set me ashore upon the beach - within astono's throw of thorailwaystation. Thither, guided by Sir George's direc tions, I grouped a devious way ; and find ing a bench upon the platform, sat me down, wrapped in a man's fur, great-coat, to await the coining of the day. It was still dark when a light was struck behind one of the windows of the building; nor had the east begun to kindle to the warmer colours of the dawnbefore a porter, carry ing a lantern, issued from the door and found himself face to face with my unfor tuinate self. He looked all about him ; in the grey twilight of the dawn, the haven was seen to be deserted, and the yacht had long since disappeared. " Who are you " he cried. ",I am a traveller," said I. "And where do you come frontm "he asked. "I am going by the firsttrain to Lon-, don," I replied. In such manner, like a ghost or a new creation. was I with my bag of jewels" landed on the shores of England; in this silent fashion. without history or name, I took my place among the millions of anew country. 