LECTURING. \ ou lire standing before your audience—may be in an opera-box, with amphithcatrical seats— m.iybc in a town hall, as angular as a match-box^ —maybe in a court room, with tlio ghosts of tedious lawsuits hovering about—perhaps in a church, with straight rows of pews stretching back iuterminably. The acoustic properties of the hull may be superb, or every tone may go to pieces as soon as it is launched : you have hedged the sexton to turn on plenty of fresh air, anil maybe lie will do it. Your hearers i are from all sorts of homes, all manner of sects,' all grades of society. They liavo paid , to get in here and sue you, n»d you ai-o their property for. the evening. As Topsy was the whole family, so you are the whole show. For the first fifteen minutes you are studied, scrutinised, relentlessly criticised by thosowho have aright to doso'aiid avail themselves of it promptly. You • are! re viewed, from front hair togaiters ; tho two twin guns of many an opera-glass are relentlessly trained upon yon. j At the end of these ten or fifteen minutes, if you have become at all c/i rapport with your audience, they ceasc to scan, and begin to listen. Then your friends—the ones you woidd love if you lived with them—the ones whose souls emi grated from the same regions of tho Mysterious Country as did yours—open the windows'of tlieirfaees.and send you carrier-pigeons Ofsmiles, The interest grows; new friends join your party; you feel mora and more at homo; you arc at home. Tho old haekneyed lines of your lecture glow with now meaning to you, furnished from the heart of these new-old friends. You feel that the audience is helping you, sympathising with yoi), loving you. The remainder of the evening is a garden of pleasure ; your patli is strewn with roses, so thick that they shield you from the thorns; and you eloso with a ljltjc nans of regret. Of course there are exceptions; once in a while an audience has to be encountered that would need all the tongues of men and angels, and con siderable charity besides, to make it endurable, livery ouo socms in a half- comatose condition, and iususceptible of sustaining a feeling of any kind. I have sometimes almost prayed for a mild earthquake, or something that would rouse them. In ouo case it was explained to mo that a funeral had taken place, two hours beforo, in the same church, and the congregation hadn't quite got over it. I sincorely hope that they re covered before the coming of the next lecturer on tho course. ; Rut tl)Q usual drawback in this respect is one, or t\yo, or niorq, who apparently 1 mil not have their composed festqres qpjarranged hy anything Slid or done. Thesa woll-mcaiijijg but plain featured people are tho lecturer's rocks, upon which his enthusiasm will rive in twain—if ho will allow it. Lecturers differ in regard to encumbrances. .Some ignore them, and appeal to tho agreeable and helpful portion of their audiences, leaving their indifferent foes to " fall ji)," if they like. Others arc attracted constantly to these sour faces by the fascination of repulsion : still others address themselves to the ungrateful task as winning tho facial enemies over. The last named are iu the minority j for lecturers find that a face is sometimes a mask, and ii may be that the heart and the countenance are not working together. Applause varies greatly with different au diences. Some are very demonstrative, and re spond continually ; others arc quiet, but not less appreciative. Distinguished lecturers and readers h^y.c boon known to pause in the midst of their discourse ai;i} !,>cg their hearers, if they pleased to favour thorn wjtlj i;. little cheering. This, however, does not have a Vi.iy gf.od effect 011 an audience ; not half so good as diii tilu method of poor Arteinus Ward, who used to stop suddenly at the end of an anecdote and exclaim blandly, The audience will now please laugh." T/.ey always did. Once I remember, hearing the lamented ({oorge Francis Train, in li'is \vjiu, evanescent, single-handed Presidential campaign, say io a very seh'-i-estraintij audicnce, " Alt in favour of my'being President say ' Ay a mouth responded. "All opposed to my being President say ' No,' then shouted the agitator. Still not an auditor said a word. The lone pjlitician looked quietly over his hearers, not in the least abashed at their frigidity. " I had in tended tff take the sense of the audience con cerning this in.,;;j»Mons question," he remarked, mildly ; " but if the ha* no sense, we will p;;ss 011." liut the lecturer needs all the help h<; can get from his constituency of an evening, for he has many obstacles to vanquish. There are late comers, who almost invariably break in tw\o for a little time the chain of thought and feoiing: there are villainously screeching doors, which find an echo in every one of his nerves ; there are occasionally people who desert him in tho njidst of his remarks and go drearily out of the door j th.oj'c are sometimes yelping dogs in the aisles, and unruly bop iu the halls ; but the grana co-operation t/t a sympathetic audience will at last swee^allthcse.ob&taclesb.-.fore; it and a lecturer who totLs that he 1>as' gucccedcd in pleasing his hearers closes the uveaing-'s'wofii with a genial "Come to my arms and be hugged'' line t nvards every one of them 'cood, bad and ludiirerciu. -L)pinncotVx Monthly Magazine. A plain woman has some aifvaSfajp over a bc?.utjfi;j It is'possible for other t<j love Jjer, 