TJEBEl GOLDEN HOPE/ A ROMANCE of THE DEEP:. I dro&mt;'ft dream that w m not all r droami' BT W, Ccaakk Rorsbll. CfTFTKR' XX — A FoK'sniC Dl-SOOSHnWt They h tid no sooner left the cabin than a head vrit.h'a «rtmv pita face on it find disor dared hnirand' reddish QyelaiheR popped out of n spftrft bunk- on tho port nido, nnd after taking a- quick, glance ftrmind, wn? followed' hr the body and' leg of Johnny, tho 'boy.' Thin youth w&r; about nevnntnen yenri old, Btaoid, but wHUnsr, and ho usRfal none of tho ship'ii company, became though he hardly knew how to make a lone Bpliue; he coald heto-to roll ap a flail, nnd wnq a tmry good AArvRitt for the cabin, heiideR being-aer vicoRblo-aR a eorfc of cook's mate. lie had all nit?hi- In' bacaueo he waa kept: at work all day, but feeling tirod a'ler breakfast and gtiflafliiig:? ha would not ba missfld for a quarter of'an hour or so, bs had sneaked into the Bpare-othin bank, tnnt was in reality a hole in the side-, sucn as yon see in smocks, with the iatootion of merely resting his limbs, bat had fallen fast n»l««p FI4 was awakened by the entrance of Mr. Forteocno and the two men; wh«n. rea'isuu his eitua tioa, and' the- roj'H-ondinff that mtaht follow hie- detection, he lay breathless lis tening to-all that was said. When the mate left the eabin and Hiram entered hia berth, Johnny (ambled oat of hia buuk and went to nee after the cabin diuner. The cook was a man named Micky Anson, a fat ignorant person irritanU like moshsea cooks. Hfo temper aboard the Golden Hope had not been improved by the Hmaltness of the galley the want of elbow- room, and the wild arid-lively motion of the schooner daring the bad weather, when on one occasion he had bQon> washed out of the caboose hy a ho, and when he had been sevral times Hcaided by capsized flwacpans. Whother, but for the cook's temper, Johnnv wooM ever have repeated a word of what he had heArd in the cabin, cannot he imagined ;bnt on being angrily assailed by Anson for Maafrog and neglecting to do his 1 hit' and the tik the lad sain, Micky e'olp tue as I stand). I'M been here If it wRrn't for a vhost fltory. 1 heerd it in the cabin. I'd laid down in the npars hunk, on' I foil atloep and waa woke up by the ole man and the mate and tho parson comin' below; the parson he tarnod to and give 'e co a yarn about a ghost. Mlokv, n'elp me. it wnr enough to make a man'e hair feel as if it war stiff with fat. He wnr a long while yarniu', uud then they ulearud out tmd aft I come' B> saying, ho seised hold of Rome plate that were to he cleaned and heaan to make a mighty rattle with themJn a metal pail full of w-Uer. 1 Ah,' cried the cook, ' of coarse yon was lavin' down. You're alwarn a hwin1 down. It'd gutter jumpers arter your pattern as are makin' "ailore the laughingatook of the world Good mind to round on ye to the ole man/ he exclaimed, opening the oven door to bcowI at a meat pie. ' It's your thick skin what makes you inAtmaiblo to nautical feelings, and you'll never feel like a seafaring man till that therA skin has b»en thinned by a coarse of ridin down. Ghosts! U there was eVr n thing of the kind in thin Bohoooer, damme if I woaldu't be at the cost of making him a present of the sharpest fork on that ehelf there on the understeudin' that ho haunrnd ye abonn with it and kpt alt on j ihbing of yoa till I told him to stop.' 1 Micky,' cned the laJ, who was now red in the fce with the exertion he waa patting into hie task of cleaning and rubbing, 1 s'etp me if the pardon's yarn warn't enough to make ine wUh I was home agin. Why, this woyage ain't a woyage at ail. We're nailiog in Bearch of a ghost ; ye Rboold have heird the mate grunt when he was told it, and th1 ole man kep on saying, Well, this is j & start? Tnifl do beat my time l and when 1 the parson was gone the ekipper the mate what he thinks, and the mate he sam It I must be all true 'ooa the parson's too pious ' to tell a He.' . , 1 What's r)1 trufl? What are you jawm' i about? Who's goin' to ber you whilst you | makes that hlnomin noise ?'> cried the cook, i whoe curiosity was now excited. , 4 What's all uumT Why, what th pir«mi told the flkipoer and the mate,' r«M»lied Johnny. ' He saya there's a female ghost situated on an Island in tha Hindiao Ooean PablUhod hy sptda) amBgooitat with tfw author. H«»a thH voyage is to fetch her.' ito© cook nourished ufryingpao, whilst Johnny, cow«r> ing and dodging behind his uplifted arm, roared out, 'S'alp me tho .Lord, it's true. Micky. 'The ghost came to tho paron ami Mays, ' I'm on the island what Mr. Stone's got -the calculations of/ and- aho writ down a likeness of the island, arid pretended that rhe parson hod done it ; and then the parson ho acoa thu drawin' and likewise tue ghoec a«8trotclun' out of her arm© to him, and so bo make up his mind to go and fetch her, and here we are a.going I' The cook looked attentively at the Irvd, ami knowing him to he too much of a fool to he capable of inventing such a-atory &s; thi«. exclaimed, 'Just say that over agin, will yer?' The youth did ao. 1 Ye mean to Hay that thn parson told-tho cap'n and mute that a female ghostwrote down tbe . likensst of an island, and informed hiin that -ahe was on it, and that this voyiige was meant to fetch n«?r?' said the cook, knitting hia brow's and looking at Johnny wuh an expression in hia eyea that caused the lad to ruBoond-with-nstODiRh' ing rapidity, Ay, Micky, and if it ain't true, may. I ' And he hoped that all sorts of fearful physical ufllictions would emitebim. Well,' said the cook, beginning to baetlo about afresh; bat in rather an abstracted manner, if the parson'n motive bo what you say it ie, then this here's a woyage I for one never signed articles for. But aft- with yer now; get the cloth laid,' and he-made aa if he would lift his foot, oa which' the youth ran out. If sailors in those days were livelier and heartier nnd; better. seamen than they are in theflo, it must be owned that they were also more ignorant. Nob ignorant iu rhesenseof 4 laming,' as they termed it, for as many conld read- nod write then ns can read and write now, hut in respect to sea oaperstitioim In our Ags the proaic mechanical spirit of the engin© room has entered the seafaring calling, and in the furnaces of the HtHtioiTH most of the marine spectres and beliafs have been burned up never to appear aunin. ' But intho age- of- the Golden Hope, Frid-iv w«m still an unlucky dav ; a master would ri«k Ink opara to pick'Up a cat that had fallen ovor board the Fin, no a native of Hussion Fin-" land wtw termwd,' was a magician intho eves of- many sailors ; and though, the Flying Dutchman was mentioned on the whole with tncreri tiliey, -.score ct'siiperAtitioiiBuiuclvmore aburd nod much' less poetical prevailed in hips' fOrecastlefl and : 'twefln-deck where Jack flwnng his hammock. The cook having obtained from Johnny a most perverted ver sion of the' narrative Mr. Fortoscue had related to the captain and Sron, very natu rally procuretl its conveyance forward- in a manner that was formerly obaervuble-in sou jooks— aathus ; It being the caotAin©- watch on deck, and cons«qneutly William Breechea's watch below, for William was in; the mate's v waroh, Breeches came to tbe galley for a light for his pr. f ' William/ Hapsthecook,. 'what was in your head, mate, when you signed articles, for this hpre woyage?' r- sf - Brrschftfl snrveya .him' leiattr&lv;,. nnd answers, ? Seventy, hob a month,. Micky.' 4 Ay,' says the cook, 1 that's right, enough.; bub what was tha'cUstination given ye£ . . 'i ' Why,' said Broooh<»s. leaning in the dnor way, and taking a-look' at .what the watch on deck ware doing, Va.hisland in the- Indian Ocean, warn't it? I've signed on for a good- many woyaees in irw time, hat somehow fve never canght myself taking notice o? where Wfl'ro hound till we gets there/' 1 What d'ye say/ exclaims tho conk, 1 of the parson Having thin . hnro schooner to fetch n gho«fc nff'tho island we'ra bound' to?' 1 Gib' out,' Haid Breeches. 1 Well/ saya tho cook, ;4 it's Johnny's yarn / and hers he . relates .-how the- lad' came to overhear tho conversation in the cabin, exaggerating the youth's version -of conrso, and embellishing it with several original touchsfl.- ' < 'If it's tjuo it's blazing queer/' oaya Bronchos. Ah/ Mars the cook, 'and the more too think of it, tbe. likelier it is. ' What does- a parson want to sail to «r Msland in thn Indian Ocean for, that's gob no'mame, nh ?? Jits ask yourself that, Wiijiam, lr. ain't for trnniok: ing ; there'a no barterm' Thames ballast, any waye ; no fear of its being for sUving and tho likes of that. Parsons are alhvory well'; bnt it'aswtin their dealings is with what yp can't flee ; and i? there's to be anything what maybe cilkil apeeritool like mnnked'uoin this wnvage unhaknown tons and not down- in tho nrticles, I. for onorehnll wnnt'to know what, the enpt'n has to «av unnn it ' Well, ofconrso; language of thiskind endod in making r.ho t«o f-llows look at each other with f ica as long aa ' a wet hammock/ to u"0 teo language of 'tbo sea;, nod5 when- BroecOm had sinoked his pipn out nnd de« ; Rcandd i n to the foronar.l«, it ww not to ' turn in/ but to repeat whefhe had'hoard to- Martin Gotdsmifth »md TTbnry Sawvor, who sat on their chests mnnding'theirclnthes the remaining tnan of the watch, Joe Hall, ordinary seaman, being in hia buuk and loudly snoring therv. Ir. was the ouaH>»n of tho watches to get fluppr tetiechsr, and shortly before four HeilM (Uo'ulockl the men having finlshfld'the meal were on the forecastle ; fort.be evening was beautiful, the wiud warm, and the ann de scending in such splendour that vou would have thought yourself in parallels-higher than the Shetland- to havo sseu the bright ilkma 'tfu-hiug oii( of ths haay criraaon vortex and ' tho linos of rihhnd clouds rohd- in gold and orange and pink and'scarlet, with tne sky a miMt delicate dim gr»fln hetweBn them\ and . the sea coming with abHght copper glare upon it out of the west, and sweeuing- with the heavens into dark bine into tbo caBt. There , nev-r was a more peaceful picture then, the ;«chooner mado afc that hour. Steopodin the ; flowing western glory the full bosom off her ' canvas were tinged with orange; while rn the concavities which facod'the east, wbonce the wind was blowing mi" though the fevered : breath of the African desert were mingled in ' the freRhnesa and sweetness it gathered fv/m rhe ocean in its llighN-in those conciwir.iert the shadows lav liko the blue dusk of evening, thn furnishing an cwcquiiit© contrast to> an eve so situated as to embrace- both- the- onn» vex«ties and hollows o'» the sailsi Thettt was nothing in sight the wide waters round Mr 1 Fortesoue and Hiram w«re drinking tea on dock, Stone was below. In thebowawero the crew, sitting on the windlnsa end or leaning against'the weather mil; the cooWand Jobnhy in the midst of themi appirantly yarning or as Hiram wonld aotnetimes fancy, arguing, when he cA9t hi glance forward, bat ©peaking low, with askant looks aft. It waa the' first dog-watch, and they had the second yet to go through before they settled down to night duty or repose. The- whole- length of the schooner was between Week and hia men ; hut if th were not enough ao- to subdue the voice of the crew a to render their words in audible aft, there n the swinging of canvas aloft aa the Goldo. IlOpe rolled, the sounds of water disturbed and movin over the side, small straining and chatii'tg noises, and hsside, Captain Htram conversed with Mr Fortenoiie, though no reference was made between them to- what bad passed in the cabin. It was otherwise on the forecastle, where the account that had been given to the cook by Johnnv was being gravely discussed. ' Mates.' sald< Breeches, feeling in bis trousers pockets- for a pipe, ' what Heems to me thn queerest p-ntt of this job ifl. that if that there Johnny's yarn ia trn«. it's plalq that the oapt'n and the mate didn't know anv more nor-us what was the motive of this worage/ ' That e what Rtrikea me as the rammtost part, too/ eaid Tim Duck, a sanoy- looklng, somewhat raerry-faned Beam&n; of thirty.. 1 The parson evidently got to windward of- the old man afore sailing, and now we're a fort, night ont, and, the truths told, the skipper don'', know what to do.' 'If he wants adwiiin' I'm game for one/ remarked' the cook, 1 Who says he dnnno what to dot asked Martin Goldsmith. 'He don't look much disturbed. I allow his face couldn't be urooh longer than it is, but if there's any hinward cipsifril in a man ye're not going to see him smiling nnd appearing heay like Hiram there, as if he'd got the young woman he's a courting on his knee/ ' Doasav it's mere acting/ said young Joe Hall. ' There's too many Bkippors knockin' about ashore, bullies, for Uirarn to turn to and say he warn't goio' to sail the sohooner to a haunted island/ 4 Johnny,' said Broeohes in a severe voice, d'yo mean to say that the parson told the skipper and Bill that there was a ghost on au island io the Indian Ocean, and that we was hound out to fetch it? J<ue think. You're more'n half a fool recollect, and afore you jump down mr throat with a screeohing " Yh 1 1 just overhaul what mind you'v© got, and see it you alu't mistook/ ' Fool or no fool/ anrwered the hoy, 4 I'll tell yer, if vou was to hold me over the rait and flay ye'd let go if I answered yes to what you've asked, I'd say yes. D'ye think 1 can't hear? S'elp me, as I'm eittiog, what th© pr4on said w»s a ghost wrote down a hisland for hiui— female ghost— and say nh© was on it, and she opened her arms to the parson, and the parson he makes up his mind to go to her. An hero w© are a goio J Twarnt only that nelu.vr, Th© ghoit made the parron nee the ship lazing up in tho Indian Ocean, 1 him being in JSnglaori <-And . tbe skipper, he talketf of a ghont as come to a "hip's wheel and made a chap thero /etch a Bible, and next dm he drops down dead. Chre we not.hen I didn't hsr, foul or no ford, William/ . . 4 Well, flald: Henry -Sawyer, with an on- easy glance aft at the clergyman and a kind of wittliri on tho hutch hu was bit ing. on, ' if Johnny ain't blundering, the look-out of this woyugp is th© oncoiiifortuhltMC a ro -tpectable sailor could sign /or. Why, slaving 'ud h- bft.tcr Chan ghost-hunring, dauifns.' ' What'rt a ghost Jilce?' said tne cook. 4 Anybody evvr nee a ghost?' Did the pat son tell the cpt'n what the ghont wa like?' inquired Goldsmith. ' No,' unwerd ./ >hiiiiy. 'It wet some thing as put it arm out.' ' Well/ said Duck, ' that's what gheste do. I've seen 'em represented in the theajter. They cornea up out of iho holes undo? the Mtage, anc point and talk with their arms. They never flpeaks. There'. no good in ftayin', as Sam did, thoru nin'c no ghotrts ; 'cause if tltoy'd never been wisible, how could they h© drawud, and how conld play-huctore dre up liko 'em ?' ' What I flaitl wa? that no man ever yet see a ghost/ exclaimed Sum Whits, an ordinary senuitr-i. / A ghost's a man' soul, and my father believed that when t-ottls was liberated th«y got hlowml about till they brought up, but no man ever saw a soul. Why, if it was something y© could look at, every rime a chap di«nl you'd see his soul Hying away.' 4 Pell yer what, it is, mutes/ said Gold smith. ' You tnny itnutln to I>h middlin' warm in these parts, but it's bloted cold to my notion.' ' l/iht a pipe,' said Duck. ' .limroy/ sHid Breech, menning Kitts, who waa at the helm, 'told me thia after- noon that ho wis shipmates with a man who know a nailor that had murdered a young person ho was keepin' company with. Unhid the body, and Mailed away;, hut the girl went with him. If ho jumped aloft she was on tho- forotop aIoneide of him. If ho to.-fk the wheel, nhe'd b holding tbe lee spokes. If he looked over the side he'd see her in the water. When he carao -home she flteppod on to the quay with him. and Jimmy said that hi mate told him that when tne man slopped over ih side tne young person made him take a c-»tclraud go down to whfrc hsr body wn«, and dig it up nnd look at it, which he did, and then site made him take tho coach buck again and go to the police nnd tell 'em ho had murdered her ' : 'CunjciencA i tho name of that thoro ghusV said Duck. - : Conscienco bo blowod !' cried Broechoih ' Mann to toll me a man as can murdora- ! young woman's got anv couscincd ?' ' L 'Ok here/ said the cook, ' what I'm- ; thinking of i« this — what's this here woyago : about ?' Thvre was a. short ailonco. > ' Whether.' continued the conk, 4 ghosts. is?- fobs believe) in or to bs denied of, 1 don't i mean to take a hand in searching after them;- . If Johnny here ain't a liar, that parson-, thorn' gone and bought rhie hooker 'stir"»Mly ; to tind out a hinland on which something '-hatcatno tohim- wnmi he wa a'hed said it 1 lived. I (or one did not sign for a joh of this kind, aod my opiuiun is that we ought to speak to the captain, nnd laru from the captain hisself what hia motive are.' At this moment Stone, who had been eating his supper in tho cabin— tho hist meal on board ship is always called suppor, though ashore it wonld b» called tea— came on deck and took a tumor two along the gnngway, first canting a glance aloft, thon running hi eye rnnnd tho boa till he camo to the sinking sun that wa thon a truly glorious spectacle of ilamo and colour, inso much that tho mere reflection of it in tho sea yielded a flcoro of shining and exquisite tints from the burning red on tha horizon to tho delicate amber that camo sifting through tho water to tho schooner's side, where it died out nnd loft tho sea on tho port beam a rich violet, This tho old sailor stood gazing at for some moments with the sort of reverence in hia foc that tho vrandeura and bounties of natur-mxeito in plain and simple mind, aftor which his oyo was takan by the : craw talking together on tho forecastle. It was immediately- evident tohim that, they had got nnder weigh with eomo topic of more than usual interest, and observing fbat thoy all lm>knd towanls-hiin a» if 'hoy h»id a mind toflpeik, ha quietly- wn>kud forw-ird wbh a , carol el an no at the foretopsul, naif hifl idea wan to seo that alt woe Ttuht that way, until ho oame t,v r-h wiudlaa-nd, wnero he istood ligntly l»oking round him, ; ' Mr. Stone,' suddenly exclaimed the cook, ; 4 could you tell ua what this here woyage io - iiT»'l»rrnk«wi for 7s j" 1 Undertaken for I4 anflwered'Stone, «fartl®d 1 hy the ahruptnes of the q'Miinn, and also iaca loss, instantly- noticed 'hy tho m«n, who jexchanged glancoflr ' Why, way, d'yo mean l«ff> «ay you don't remember what you signed ifor? i ' Yes,' replied the conic; ' I signed for the woyage from th p-»rt id London to ahisland -in the Indian iduean nnd bank. W« was to jgo nut and retnrti iii n>iHat»and I understood i it wnr tu b» »\ -ort uf'pleasurecruHe, a kinder j yachting job/ !' 'That' it, Micky/ exclaimed OoldsmUh, i who of nil the men had apparently been ren jd<»r«il the most uncomfortable by Johnny's letwry. i Well/ crlftd Stonoj and whos sni'l it i aw't.Io be a ftort of pleasure cniso, a kinder lyachtin' joh a you- oall it, h? What d ye suppose tho objqcfe is— piracy ? If that were ifc yon may reckon- we'd- need more mnsclo than what's to he- got out o' the likes of that suet/ pointing to tho fat arms of tho 1 cook. Tell yo what it is, Mr. Stone/ said Breeches. 4 VVrt've lame that there's some thing Roopernnt'Mh ai the sarin1 is. In the parsoa'a intentions, and though I don t believe in piosts vnvsslf, I'm not agoing to help in any job I'oan't see daylight through. , . 4 Ghost T cried old Stone ; ' what are you talking about? Who's been a jawing to you about gho3TB-.»'' , , . ' Call in' nauira-aiid inEamingof peoplo am t ( answering questions/'flRid the cook viciously. | 4 Will yon please tell u© what this ere woyngo ; ia undertaken for.? Tho men aiiiu noticed the disconcerted expression in the old chap' face. HegUriced aft, and observing that Mr. /''ortescu© had left the deck, nu>tioiisd to Hiram, who waa- watchin.g.fh« crew- us though ho had now guested that. Humeihing more thn mere 4 yarningVwas. keeping the fellows together, As the captain walked forward in strides oe. long as a . tragedian's, the eye would have been taken bv tho lovely sea piece of that moment, tha- airy splendour in the west, the velveadike blue in tho fast, the ocean line goinfvrounidn a soft sweep of indigo till it met the dying glory where it whs reflected,, the eaiU of the schooner standing hrillmut aa white-piumnis against the pure windward da&k;, the littlo crowd ol men forward where the wiMdlase wa, and whore the foremast- roes yellow, wUh its black Bhioade and nuow- (the clothe, to. tho golden shining; and tho Rond-colouro-l dock aft tonuutod hy u swlitary. tiguro ns the Viller. ' - What's tl«e matter? said Hiram. 4 Why./ responded Stone, ' heroes BiU Breeches a«kiu' if there ain't Rometbing soopornatupal in tbiB woyage; ta!k;n' about ghMsts and the like of such etufT ; and- here's '.Micky Anson inquiiin' what it 19 he signed j Ikuow what i signed for, cip'-'fi/pnflwyod (the cook, ' and I likewise know what I- didn't sign tor. , 'L/>ok here, interrupted Hiram.;, what© the matter? That's what I want to. know.' ' Well, I'll yer what's the matter,' responded Breeches ; ' you an' the parson an' Mr Stone here had a private conversation In the cabin at noon.' Well 1' thundered 11 1 ram. 4 Well/ continued Breeches, oasing down his defiant manner a hit, in the teeth of the skipper's resolute frowning>Btnre, ' we onder- stand that the parnou gavo yon a varsion of his reason in buyin' ihis weasel and sailing of her to the Qladie Ocean that was as unbeknown to you uud Mr. Stone as it was to us ' ' Wei'. 1' shouted Hiram, 4 Wt-ll/ proceeded Breeches, 1 what we are informed U that u.ghot appeared to th purnon and wrote down a hirtand and said he wa upon It, uud sbo begged of him to oome by hopeuing her arms out to bim, and -hat's why he bought the Bohoouer. I tell yer.' said the raiui, waxing defiant again, and seekiug encouragement hi the looks of the men aroond hiru, 'that I don t boHeve in ghosts; 1 dou't kuow no hen about em, and don't waut to ; but we're agrsed that parsons are people aj uiy get hold «' notions which plain sailors wonld rather not help 'em to ciriy oat, d'yo ere, capt n, ana it no be Hiram and Stone h'td ben staring at each otliHr. Ttie formor at this point yelled out : 4 Who told you that we had a private con versation in the cabin ?' The cook said. 4 Johnny. , Hiram stretched f«rh bis lona collared the youth whb fingers -lllta steel h oks % How did yer know we, had a ptivato ooiiwrsatiuii lu lb« cabin ?' he , Tne lad's knee knocked each other as he teplied i 4 1 was 'a bit tired and 1. tamed into the pu«e buuk. aa' when you au' uu' tuo iDSte como dowoj 1— I wy attu—ixot chooein— bein'; afeard— ht ! 'hi I' It woflf hound to come, and for a long minuto Jobony was cntt-ing'wild rapsrd to. and' raising boie lerou shouts over, a regular -downright old- fahioRtd ropes Qcdrng all of the olden time. . The crew accepting this as a matter of conrse, vntted with impatience for Hiram to recover bis breath. The first words he said were r ' Breeches, yon're an bid fool/ 'What o'ye call me that iotT cried the man. /Out of politeness, you old aairamouch. - Why, if J was to givo ye all the names yotx .. deserve, >on'd have morn tiUes than the. : Emperor of Charier. To tbihk of a man of your age rutkmr about ghostB?' Why, what, do yoo.call yourBVif ? Aman T ' ' Want ihi hero woyuge about?' de» manded the cookr> 1 About T exclaimed Hiram, with extra ordinary -r-orn, 'n'oont ? Tiiink of'o cook — a ook— asking uamicat questimm and ex- ucctiugatiHwrH! Look here, uiv Lade, and tet Brtechc and Micky li-teo Zj tut. Tbo Werutarn wa a Heast Indiomau ; eho wao burnt in »ho Hiudiau Ocean ; thera wnealady ahonrd of her as Mr. Fortescue wiyj to marry He dreamt fchivt the woucl was burnt, and that the l»»dy who was in on« of the boats- reached an inland that Mr. .Stone here waw cast away uurui-. He disbelieved his dream: .till h« hearn that the ship had hren harnt?- nmi then »rt>en he come to larri that tbe island he dreamt about wa n real place anci that Stout? kuew it, he says tohinnelf, "Thi&' here wisinn may havo come from Heaven. Who kiio«vf» hi rice what I dreamt was tmo\ that the Udv I see in my dream upon thia inland mayn't hactually- be there? I lovelier; sh wa tn have heen my wife ; I'll Rpend what money I've cot in a HRbonner and sail to thn here inland, and I'll trust to Almighty God, if -o hu my dtoam' correct, that we nh a n't be too lato to preserve her lite." My lads, what'- onrt-asoimhlu in this? The crimson gloom that was now upon tber seuiind skv was a good light' to study the face of the men in as they Khtemid to Hiram for it deepened every linoand added another shfuls to th hrnnzt) on the cheek, though it . had its mellowing influence, ton, specially . ; . noticoah)., in old Stone's face/ whose eatueBt- ne-s was noftened into pathos by it, . ' rher are husbiitid ainongye, IdtvceBay/ continued Hiram, ' and somo Idoubt uot baa , sweerhnHrSfl ; besides, ye're all English ; ay, . . even Mickv Anson's English, and if there's any man -here as considers Mr. Fortescue'ade- tariuinatiori te aeo if ihe end of his dream . ain't a true as the beginning proved to be— if there's anv man here as carv»B»e anything Booppriiiiiurul and notouderHtnnda'hle in th& . gont's seeliiu' of his love, where he believe ber to he cast nwny, then all I can say in, ha roust bo ih> nnnuturalist chnruct»r and tho - worst scowh.-inker as ever signed nrticlea for »- ' lovely ship and a beautiful woyage/' . . Thus Mpesking he ran hia eyes over the men wnh a cuallengo Htarn ateach. ' Thtn ye moan to say,' observed Breeches,, 'than what Johnny took and brought for- . word's a )in ' Yu»— a h« as big as be is ; a lie as big aa you-and !imt and the conk is/ cried Stone. ' What's our idea of the clergyman's hintel- Jecfr that on should supnoBe he'a capable of poit/'a ghost bimtiri'? D'ye euppnae tbiit ni educated man like hitu, a man that Sunday, after Snnday tenches folk with ton timerr . more' brains than yon, thinks that thoy don't know notheu about— d'ye imngine he's to bo , eeft right by the likes of you ?' ' ' Tnra'tvas nothing mentioned about our seekin' thn i-dand for the pnrpose of tskiu ths parson's young woman olT it/ .exclaimed Dock ; ' there was nothing said abont it in / thenrticle (to xs c0.1tisurd.) 