rips GpJtiDEN HOPE, I V A ROMANCE OF .THE DEEP.*-; ' I dre*mt a dre«a ih*t w .9 not *11 * dream.* BX W CLAl E RD83ELL. C-lv.tfs XXIX.—Tub Tbuth. l be island stood plain in tre powerful lens of tbs glass. - .The tremble of the surf at the bass was virible, a.lt'h white throbbing vein that -gave tbs island the appearance of a mirage by the anti's snigeetiou of clear space betwixt, ibo eboie and the e< a. It was still blue in the blue atmcrphtre, with a fibrine {ringing ol trtesiu places ; and the two bills and tbe graceful arcbiDg over into tfce watir of the north- western point of <be lard with the eastern curve, made its rrsemblatce to a carrel standing to ita bellj in the water, with its'bead under, as startling in its queer accu racy as a face in the die or some wild likeness in a cloid. Tbe moment Foriescus-had it, full, a swimming; and a faintness chilled his brain ; he abut his ejet. but, with less effort than before, rallied and levelled the telescope afresh. .As the lineaments of the land came out tremulous upon the azure, an overwhelm icg emotion of awe and dreed and wonder possessed him. Turk was the island cf his vision ? What atency but the hand of God had painted in its complete colours npon tbe eye oi hie slumbering soul that little space of land yonder that had been unknown to him as any valley, grove, or mountain top in tbe brightest of the planeti ! It was like being brought close to the spirit of Gtd to behold that roanI'estaticn of Bis holy gniding : to survey <n ita realisation the gleaming visional y object he bad marked the darling of bis heart appealing >o him from. Bad there been nothing of human tenderness, of huo an grief, of human yearning and passion iu this revelation, there would have'been *oo much of mystery, of high euperuaturalism in it for the mind of Foitescne to rupport in his then state of health. But there was Agatha to think of. The motive, tbe issue of tbe voy-ge, became an abeorbiug thought, r> moving him Irom the perils of the great awe «hich the profounder sense of this act of Divine disclosure would have begotten in him. Was she on the islands Would she ^e living or dead! * Drat God !' 'be cried in his heart, and his eye turned blind against the glasB as his soul cams to his lips in When the schooner was within two and a half miles of tbe island they took a cast ot tbe lead, but no bottom was found. Soon afterwards tbe larger of tbe boats was got over and towed astern, and tbe stnosails taken in. A gazs as searching and intent as ever ehipwrecked mariners levelled from rock to rigging at tbe sea was fixed by the crew of the Golden Hope npon the island ; bat not to their naked eyes nor yet to the glasses which Hiram and Stone directed at the land was there visible the least sign of anyone being ! alive there. No smoke rose to the wind, no rag nor signal flattered. 'Ia tbe stations morning eanshins veering northerly, each small emiaeuce threw ite bine block shadow •oath west; off the surface of cocoannt trees rose a silvery greenish gleam that had the fluctuating irid-sc- nce of oil and wa'er, as the breeze trembled ia the foliage, and the setting of the little island in the pure azure of the deep, vivid and beautiful as it was with rich tropical tints of vegetation, of hash, of long grass, of eward- Iike elopes, of the shadows ol acclivities, of the chequered brightness of coral sand, was accentuated in a manner that from the distance of the schooner gave the picture a gemdike emerald loveliness by the heaping of the white snrf along the wt- dward length of it, a boiling of breaker.! that bad the dazz e of a mass of drifted snow. Now that the island was made one taw the relief iu Hiram and Stood. The correctness of tbe captain's navigation on the ons aide the vindication of the mate's solemn at.ta menc on the other, ware a satisfaction to Ureas two plain sailors that no wonder tint doubts a* to what waa next to happen could at all impair. ' We've dona what wo was a*ked to do, what waa expected of us, Bill,’ Hiram said : aud that one or t'other of us is one by twenty or thirty toilet means notheo, serin’ at there it is, straight ahead, as if we had been waroed to ii from the other aide of tbe airth. Bo consider—only consider—if wa'd ha' trassed it out o' sight from yon mas head'. We might have found'it by cruisin' atom—and we mightn’t—and if w* haln'r, y.m'il n, been thought a Mac, and I’d ha' be-n thought tncapabteot era ynavigvmg a craft. Tnere'd been rows ort-r, and a re/Ur bloomin' muddle, whilst as to him-4 and he uodded towards Fortescae witn an extravagant shrug of the shoulders. Bat if the feeling of relief and gratification waa Lively and lasting, it was soon subordi nated for the time to an intense, perfectly natural curiosity aa to whether tbe clergy, man’s extraordinary dream was to be com pletely confirmed by the discovery of tbe lady, or whether the island, by its desolation, was to convert the whole voyage into a piece of wild, worthless, sheer superstition. As the spot of land drew mare and more within the scope ot the eyes fixed upon it, the crew assembled in tbe bows, and standing-by for orders, whispered among tbemselvee. The cheer they had given was not one they would have repeated in their present mood. It waa true tbe island lay solid and surf-beaten—an actual fact that the most nervonsly imagi native eye coaid not convert into a fantasy ; bat it was something that had been seen thousands of mites off in a vision, and-there fore to be viewed with awe and superstitions cresping, as old Breeches implied, when, giving his trousers a drag up and spitting over the side, 'There’s nothing in it that'e onnatmal. I've seen tbe likes of such isleyandsscores of times; bat I don't mind Ownin' that I wouldn't take the walue of a gentleman's house ashore, to sleep alone for one night on it. If ye was to tell me I'd Bee a ghost I'd go; if ys was to tell me the devil waa in hidin' there I’d go. There* nothing as I coaid feel cocksure on as 'ad stop me. Bat when there'* no one do say what a mao might seo, or what might -happen to him, awaber my eyeballs, Micky, if a chap’s to be called afeerd for keepin* to windward of the moonshine in Bitch a quarter,' Of course, the ctok took-the same view; and through the atmosphere of such talk as this the ignorant, anperstitions, bat hearty, lively sailors watched the island growing After Fortescae had satisfied himself that there was nothing to be seen on shore indica | tire of tbe presence of human beings, he stood watching and waiting without speech ; bat nobody could havo glanced at hint withoat witnessing the formidable conflict of emotions that was : being waged within I him. Formidable as it was, and the more so yet, because even his own intelligence, thinking amid that central calm, which like I the vortex of the crclone is to be fonod at the heart of the wildest human agitation, might fearfully fancy that whether the victory should behia fear's or his hope's such was ■he intensity of bis mental tumult bis brain at the issue would stand in dire periL And indeed it would have been enough to derange tbe etontest mind to behold the island that had been as visionary as a dream at Wyloe— steadfast, green and shining npon the sea under the sebooner’a jibboom; tbe same in outline, tint, vegetation!—the same in tbe swarming ot the giddy froth along its margin ! —the same in iti fringing and clustering of trees and bush !—tbe same in minute details converging to tbe inexpressibly real and yet phantasmal aspect it bore when it dimly bat discernibly formed a back ground for the impassioned, despairful pleading figure of Agatha, stretching not her arms tn him, from the shelving beach beyond the enrf, across tbe fiery leagues of Iudisn water. _Was she there? Was it possible, after nine months, that she should be living, and were, amidst this tremendona solitude . of ocean that gathered a terrible emphasis from the very beauty of the lonely islet ? At which thought regularly recarriog a shudder would pass through him that wrench'd him aa a convulsion, and again and again both Stone and Hiram marked him smear with his handkerchief the sweat off bis forehead, ignorant that he -did so, and consciona of nothing bat tbe rending thought—Should hk nun hub Love ? The schooner swept onwards; the ii was now within a mile and a half; am cast of the lead waa had, and by the timi lead was coiled down the roar of tba sot a distinct hollow moaning in tbe wind. Hiram took a fresh look at the land thr the itaia and shook bit faaad at Stone -, Mnt hit orders along tba deck in a trsmnlons with excitement. 'Hands by the weather topsail bt Down Moareaail 1 Haul »h* tack of mains! up! Down hefmf And am harrying of figures and a aong or two Bolden Hope waa brought to the wind, ‘ftf hove to, rolling light!? a pea the ewe tnile from tbe island. ‘Mr. Fortescae, willjoacome sloe# aoe sir, or would jea rather nmain ht Hid Stone, soft!?. • * j 1 Tbe curate started as from a trance, .old sailor before replrinit fas then that his resolution, which an? i »F*a*fdbrw*ui« wltkttsatther,|l night navs sworn he,was wanting iu at that moment,: cane. to., him in’-!, a flash, and possessed bim'as though tome marvelloa draaght had transformed nerve into steel and mind into iron will. ’ Why, with you, Mr. Stone : How else ? Are you ready * All ready, sir; bnt I'd humbly represent 1 bat if she—if the ladj—or putting it in this way : Suppose-' the old fellow wa9 stam mering ; but Forteacue glanced at him with a slight frown of suipiise, and walked to the gangway, _ " Jnmplnto the boat' two of you, my lads. Mr. Stone, you'll take an oar,' snog oot Ttatre seemed a sort of banging back among the men. In truth, at any other moment there would have been something to laugh at in the fellows who bed collected near the caboose, elbcwmg one BDOtber and yet ehoving close together and staring one past another ; Duck, with a kind of grin that signified anything but mirth ; Aneno, the cook, inlky and yellow ; JobnDy Simpeon, biding in the rear ; Goldsmith, with obsti nate leathern jaws, slowly {gnawing upon a jonk^ of tobacco : and so on. 'Now then, into the boat two of ye, d'ye hear ? bawjed Hiram afresh : on which Breeches, with a sour face and mutteriug in hie growling croaking voice, 1 Well, here goes for ore. A dog innst have two tails afore he feels too prond - to obey herders,' walked to the gangway, and was followed by yonog Joe Hall. In a few momentB "the beat wae nulling away towards the island. Fortescne in »be atern sheets and dd Stone working away as stroke, locking over hiB Bhonlder to get the boat's head fair for the point it wee necessary to round. It would be hard if no answer was ever re toroid to the prayers which meo in suffering put op to Cod. It is so natural to lift up the heart and the hand to Heaven when help, forgiveness, solace, strength are needed that the instinct of intuition which prompts the gesture and the whisper is one of the profonndest assu rances we possess that the soul that riBea with us ib a star that ' cometh from afar,' and ‘ from God who is our home.' The Bndden strength, nerve, power, let it be called what it will, that had communicated a sense of iron resolntion to Fortescue's mind, enfeebled by a hundred distracting emotions, made dangerous by the dark shadow of the special supernataralUm ol the last moments of the outward passage, most have been an answer to hia appeal. He had prayed for strength to encounter what ever was soon to be proved to have lain bidden intbe darkness behind the dream he bad dreamt, and it had been granted him, and it was well he had it. It ie a common thing to hear of expectation rising to agony: bnt conceive what,was felt by that marble faced man, with bis lips compressed to Mood lessnese, hie eyes icratfniiing and banting, bis arm* tightly folded upon hie breast at though'he would physically crush down the tormenting and sickening bounding of hii heart; conceive his feelingi as he sat looking towards the island, as the dull thunder oi the aurf came rolling to hia ears over the long ocean iwel>, aa no sign of human or sentient thing was visible to diBtnrb to the sight the frightful and enormous IcmeKnes* of thal little "pace of land swept by the sea breeze and shitting verdant to the sun. Why, it war enough to shake him to the very centre of hie being merely to know, by seeing the island itself, how vivid, beyond all possible capacity ot the mind's mechanism, unaided by direct revelation, was the vision be had beheld in i his slumber at Wyloe- He was measuring now the identical apace of waters be had seen the boat that contained Agatba passing i over Was she there? Amid that boiling whiteness yonder the boat had gone to pieces, | and through that same thunderous surf she had been dragged by an heroic hand, and just ■ beyond it she had kneeled, then rose, and yearned for him with extended arms and a face fall of the inexpressible anguish of a hopeless spirit. He had seen it all, though the mere thought of the inSnite leagues that separated him from the Bpot where this scene of Hashing ocean, and pouring sun, and ver dant island had risen before his sealed eyes wrenched him with the wonderfuluess of it like a heart-shudder. Was she there? Oh! surely the merciful God would not have led him thus far for no purpose. For sheer relief he turned his eyeballs, aching from the strain of the intensely searching gaze he fixed upon the island, to the schooner—the beautiful schooner—the nolle, staunch, auspiciously named Golden Hope; and the clear reflection of her ap pearance came like a soothing greeting to him »s for a moment or two he marked her swaying upon the floating heaving of the deep, with a little windy rushing of fingerlike shadows over her white eails, and flashings in the brimming bine liquid brows from the starry radiance kindled in her wet side* by | the ennahine, and the heads of the crew lilipntianised by distance, looking at the receding boat over the rail. The men polled steadily ; Stone very grave, with occasional side equinta at Fortescne, and prolonged looks over his shoulder at the istand. Breeches, in the bows, with the natural sourness of his expression emphasised by the drawn down corners of his month, the carves whereof, at least on the right cheek, were made longer by the dark stains oi tobacco jnice , and yonng Joe Hall between, giving his Bnpple trank a devil-may-care owing aa though he reckoned .himself spe cially watched from the schooner and com stented npon. Silence was maintained foi some time. At last old Stone, bringing hia eyes away from the land, and ataring nndei twisted eyebrows put Fortescne at the sea, muttered with a deep sigh or two— * Heigho ! heigho ! here it was, William, that I was that dry for drink I whuld have swapped the mother that bore me for a quar ter of a pint of water. By the way, Mr. For tesene, did you bring e’er a drop o' brandy along with you T ' Yes, I have a flask in my pocket,’ ans wered the elergyman. ‘ Well, I meant to have reminded yet of it, sir. It may be wanted—there's no knowing'. He tried to inspect the island. ' Make oul any signs of life there. Bill ? See anything moving ?’ ' No,' responded Breeches hoarsely; ' an onless it's them as Mr. Fortescne seeks, we don't want to see nothen.’ | ‘ How long it ’ll be, Mr. Stone, since them we've come Co fetch has bin cast away asked HalL ‘ Nine months, Joe, nine months,’ re sponded Stone, with something of depreca tion io hie manner, evidently considering the qneetron mal apropos, and speaking with sing alar.solemnity. Then, addressing Mr. Fbrteacue,- ' If there’s any persons'ashore there, sir, they'll have to be behind them hump3. It’s smooth water t'other aide, and it’s rsytonable-they Bhould settle to leeward foi the convenience of goin'a Gibing, not to mention living clear Of the shindy of that there surf. Heasy, Bill. Let’s get her head out more. Why, this it a time of hexpecu tion an’ no mistake ! Dunno, after all, if it wouldn’t have been a good idea to have fired a rocket or so, not having a gun aboard, that the explosion aloft might bring anybody what|s ashore down to the beach to have a look.’ He combed the Bweat from his face with one band, rowing with the other, as he added, with a fresh glance at the island, ' It’s enough to make the heart bust deer of its moorin'a with anxiety to eee them two bite o hills stuck up there blottin' out the view one wants to get,' and then observing that the clergyman was absolntely incapable of conversation, the old fellow sank into silence with a dim far-away expression in his eyes that would have easily caused you to guess he was thinking of bis own shipwreck in these The white enrf boiled np the beac rushed back in thuuder. Seeing tn resplendent breaking of the fine w breakers npon that coral Bbore, yon well have supposed that in storm th must sweep in snow over the island, prismatic spoutings of throbbing wati fountain-like against the northern when the arch of the land, by its pi configuration, completed that camel that hat been again and again referr Every hue of growth and verdnre was i gnlar tropical luxuriance; gaining in and parity ot dye with the approachiut whilst the ebeen of the sunlight o\ hung like a silver mist that gave the i appearance of quicksilver for many fa above the fringing of the trees and th of the little hills. Now, past the tnrf sea-fowl could be seen waddling u| gleaming slope ; lees than a score were i wing, sailing, like the common gall, arched neck and on tremourless pii The sound of the breakers set like a less cannonading; the softened commit af the detonations of small ordnance. ' The creek'* ronnd that corner—it's si there, l’ull, lads!' cried Stone, with si sxcitement The point, to which they had to give a wtdisb berth, since the Bnrf came down to it Inin,- but always daogerous, opened rapidly to -hestrokeof the oars, and revealed the lee ward part ol the island descending verdant ind tender from the. hillside to a broad strip «.BieenJevel, whence wentthe sea, bine and iu*t» The creak! lay clear, stretching a wadrod fathoms of radiant water into the laud; The boat, heading for it, came broad side to the swell* At this instant Fortescne leapt to hia feet with a sort of acream. ' Look!* he shrieks, pointing o\er the bow, and he uttered a lead hysterical laugh. _ . . 1 Sit down I For God’s sake ait down, air ! roared Stone, 1 or ye’ll capsize the boat 1' * By thunder, it’s a man !’ cried Breeches. Stone graBped ihe clergyman, and forced him to eit, and whilst he still held him, looked towards the land, where, to the right < f the creek, midway between its =ea open ing and its land limit, Btood a tall human figure.with hia handa hanging motionless to his aide, his dark face turned towards the boat, and the whole aspect of him bo rigid that be might have pasted for the wooden efligy ofa shipwrecked sailor, filed by some ironical hand upon that lonely rock, to counterfeit the human agony of the living casraw&y.; For tea cue &at; in the atern aheet3, hia handa gripping the gunwale bo fiercely you >aw the veiDB standing up like whipcord under the delicate akin, hia face flushed to the brow, his tipa parted, hia reepiration short and oppressed, and with such a light in hia eyes that anyone might have iworn they had caught the feorile fiie from madneea. The long sweep of the oara had brought the boat near euongb to the mouth or the creek to enable him to dia'inguieL the man's features, and it was another shock, tco full of the supernatural in its first impulse for joy, for him to witness in the lonely figure the very likeness of the man he bad beheld in his viBion battling through the surf and bearing Agatha ashore, ‘ It is the boatswain of the Vera lam,’ be cried, so huskily a3 to barely articulate; at the fame moment the boat entered the Bmooth water of the creek, and was pre sently laid alongside the white sand on the right, that went up into grass and bush, Motionlessly, with hanging arms and burnt hollow face, the man had been watch ing them : he now raised a strange cry of transport, which found a derisive echo in the hoarse notes of the birds overhead, and made as if he would run towards the boat ; but God heat kuowa the emotions that would paralyse him at such a time : he took a stride or two and fell headlong, and there lay, whilst Kortescue, Stone, and Breeches jumped out of the boat, leaving Hall in Charge. * Has the sight of U3 killed him ?’ said Stone, in a trembling whisper, whilst Breeches cait a hurried nervona glance around. But ere they reached him he had struggled to bis legs and 3tood erect before them. Father of mercy 1 what a figure! piteously trembling from bead to foot, his lips moving but without utterance, tears coursing down his cheeks. A ragged seaman's jacket covered hia naked breast, and he wore a pair of canvas trousers in shreds about the legs. This waa hi® attiie. Hia black hair waa a* long as a woman's, and lay upon his badi and shoulders in a matted mass. Hia face waa nearly of the complexion of chocolate with sunburn, and hi§ wild, shipwrecked moat lamentable appearance was completed by a long black heard and moustaches. And yet the tall figure, the fine physique, the manly looks of one who had been, and might yet again be a noble ?pecimen of an Knglish sailor, were visible through the tremors, the tears, the rags, the baggordness of this casta Foiteacoe ran to him and grasped hia hand. 1 You were the boatswain of the Vernlam .r he cried, ' We have come to save The mao sank upon his knees, kissing the clergyman’s hand. The spur of the southern most hill came down to the sea a quarter of a mile beyond; it waa all green growth to there, with some coconut trees on the head that hid the land behind. Forteecus looked that way, then at the kneeling, weeping, trembling man, and tried to speak, bat his voice failed him. Oa which Stone said. 'Give me the brandy, air,’ and pouring out a dram, presented it to the man. He drank it, and Stone said, ' For (rod's sake collect your auergiee. ' TU a sort rlas to kill a man pretty nigh, as can’t I reckon, havin' been myself cast away here, though not for nine months, as ye have. Bat it’s all right now: get on your leg«, mate, and tell ub if t ere a more of ye- Tell us,’he said, putting hia lips to the kneeling man's ear, ‘ if there be more of ye.’ The suspense of a lifetime may bo crowded into a minute ; think, then, of the agony ofit ! The man tried to apeak, straggled, and wn* helped on to his feet by Stone, who held him ; and he pressed his hands to hia temples aB if hia head would hu*at, whilst the rapt, eager gaze fixed upon him by the two seamen w&a; in its way almost as passionately anxious as the eye which Forteacue regarded him ’ Merciful Christ !’ suddenly exclaimed the man in a hollow voice, 1 to think you should have come ! It is nine months you say ?* 'For the love of God, shipmate, tell us— are you alone !* cried Stone, and Breeches echoed.^ ‘ Aye, for God's sake tell ua !’ | No V answered the man, frowning and grinning with the violence of his efforts to steady his mind, and still trembling and weeping ; ' there is a lady—beyond there— come !' he yelled ; let's get her—then be off ! —then be off ! There’s only ua two ! I'll carry her myself! I bore her through the boiling outside to wind’ard. -I saved her from a bloody villain ! Her life shall be owin’ to me yet. Hoorah V Again he made as if to run, and again fell ; but this time in a dead swoon, and there he lay. for all they could tell, a corpse. 4 Bill, keep by him, in case he come9 to !' exclaimed Stone.^ ' Mr. 1‘orteacue, let's find the lady, air. No good wastin’ a minute of time mor’n can be helped.' The grass and bush grew plentifully, the former of an Indian kind, eo tail, harsh, and intertwined as to be stubborn to the thrusting of the leg. It was oppressively hot, the glare of the bud coming down past the hill brassy in a Maze of light, on the verge of whose atmospheric circle the few clouda blowing that way melted. The sea went away from the incline of the bill in a surface of exquisite blue ; but the silence in the ialand was full of the thunder of the eternal surge of the Indian Ocean breaking upon the windward shore. Wherever the coral sand stood bare to the eye, a dazx’e came off it almost as of polished tin. The arrival of the boat or the movements of the men seemed to have quickened or alarmed ;he birda into activity, for now many sea fowl—a sort cf gannet chiefly, black and grey—wheeled in • petnoualy overhead, flying oat to sea ia sudden darting*, then returning, and raising sounds that were like s continual sawing by a number of carpenters, every man workirg with a tool that yielded a different note Yet through these crieB and the Bounds of the surf could you hear the delicate moaning or sighing noise of the pleasant trade wind blowing through the bushes, and bending the long grass, and making whatever foliage the trees hang ont to it tremble their greenish sheen against the same heavens till it was like an overflowing of silvery brightness from the leaves, very beautiful to behold. ‘To think that I should tied myself here again !* exclaimed Stone, rather thinkir g aloud than addressing Forteacue. ‘Lord, wbaUH°t a man goes through in this here They reiched the aumni’t of the ipur, and stood a moment looking. From the base of the short incline, the ground, thick with undergrowth, bush and graa , went level to a similar elope of land that formed the spur or fall of the other hilt. In ihe middle of this fl*t, within ready obpervation, there stood a little ptructure, easily s*en to he formed of the trunk* and boughs of hashes, which had been stripped of all growths deemed super, fluous, with an arched-shape roof of boughs and the like interlaced, and the whole fairly covered with grass, plaited, and veilow with heat and decay. That was all. It was just a little arbour. Something like it you will see in gardens where great bushes have been hollowed into au aperture you have to atoon to enter. K ‘She’s nowhere about—that’ll be her shelter, sir; you’ll find her there, said Stone. In Bilence they approached the structure hortescue hardly breathed ; hi« lips were bloodies*; he trembled almost as the min that fainted had ; when within a alone's throw of the hou3e he 8topp?d. It was evident the entrance faced the eea or waa on the other side. This aide it waB a blank wall of Rreeuery cunningly wreathed, and moving as an exhibition of patience in Buffer ing and in hopelea9ne83. The curate grasped the old sailor by the arm. 'Mr. Stone.’ho whispered with hia parched throat, ‘if I Bhould suddenly ahowmyself the joy might craze her, you know. How shall 'Why, that thought’s been in me all through,' ^ answered Stone. 1 Suppose you stand behind one of these here bushes—I’ll peep in; if she's there I’ll speak to her and prepare her. Bein’gruff and nautical, I can't apset her—outside the mere notion of bein’ 8‘tyed—as a person better bred than me Forteacne motioned to him to act as he suggested. Stone walked to the structure, and found tha entrance of it facing the Be»! It was a cone-shaped slit rather than a door way, and he had to stoop to peer in. The interior with a ewen twilight, with the inn in the north seeding golden threads of light through the leafy roof and Bide, and where ever theae radiant threads touched th e ground they aeemed to spread and tremble into little pools of liquid gold. A quantity of long graaB lay thick upon the floor; it bad been cut down by a knife, and had turned to the hue of hay, aud it was as coarse aa In the right band corner of the strange, arbcurdike structure, on the right hand as you looked in at the door, there was a her*p of this grass, and upon it lay Agatha Fox ; jr> attire a scarecrow, with arms naked and white breasts half concealed, onetockinged fe?t, yet with remains of female apparel ewathing her, that is to say one thing hiding the rent in another. Think for yourself if | you need a clearer picture. She had been i nine months cast away, an < what ehe wore when she was dragged ash re was all she Same atcod a moment or two watching her. Her hair, that was of a rich and lustrous auburn, and wonderfully abundant, hung with til the wildness of diahevelment from her head, and lay in amae^upon the iloor, albeit she had her cheek in her band propped on the elbow. The old sailor looking, with hia heart in hia throat, might have expected to find little more than a skeleton in a woman delicaiely nurtured that bad been immured for nine months, tormented by thoughts in* expressible, by suffering which could find no meaning in words ; yet in the swift glances he etole he noticed on the contrary a round ness and fulness aa of positive health indeed in her fac- ; likewise a healthful lleahintsa cf limb ; the delicate feet and hands and arms were scarlet with »nnbum ; but the face was pale and -prrithke, with a curLna repoee or immobility of beauty, heightened, one might suppose, into an aspect rarely seen beneath the stars by the diiordered unheeded glory of her hair, and by the rags upon her expressing and half exposing the perfection of female form, through tbe sqaalor that the ocean brings abcut; not to be likened to what we know of ?he same thing oshore. She leaned her head upon her right aim, and with her left hand she looked to be trying to gather cp a pool of sunBhiDe that lay close beside her. Theie was a large turtle shell in one corner with water in it; and that com posed the furniture of tbe arbour—for such it was. She was intent upon gathering up tbe pool of light, scooping at it, bo to speak, with the sharp of her little hand, and laugh ing to herself as oHeri as she failed. Stone coughed, ami stood fall in tbe door way, with hia head bowed and hia bead bared : he imagined she would scream out and spring to her feet, and he busily re hearsed what to S3y to her; but ins'ead, and without movitg any portion of her figure bat her head, she staled at him with a little be wildered frown and then—smiled. Stone tried to speak, but such waa hi* astonishment that the words etuck in hia throat. It waa not only this reception—the amile—the perfect tranquility of her manner that 3taggered him ; be waa fascinated by something he noticed—something discover able, but surely not interpretable by him—in tbe pxpreaaion of the purely eofr, unstartlcd grey eyea she tixed upon him. Again he essayed to 3peak : 3ome rumbling sounds escaped him : once more she smiled with touching sweetness, and atill preserving that smile, turned to the little flood of sunshine and tried to gather it up. * My i»od V cried the old seaman aloud, recoiling into the open by a stride, with an involuntary horrified tosa of hia head, * she's lost her mind.* Aa be spoke, Forteacue gripped hia arm. and, with his other band shading hia eyes, peered in through tbe entrance of the arbour, (to vr. ce>N“txrHD. 