1 ; r rt pfSio.Fi#: [?] To-day is my fori /day, and, kind f Hands- ; . : Sbuw.sr . glfte ' ari d . jcugrata'aVfoj -a op me. T- B aile and Liuxh . with , the gHyeat; yet'my haart i? fall of b:t'6r sorrow and repioree aPo un&wtili; r-g. regrere- ! V / Although to a. r up al observer ihjr tot has e66tnpd a Fortonate pnp, there is one day of my of which thj9 very-day js the auoivaraarj , w:iieh has cast a dark shadow ovft; all my future, 'and my soul from out teat shadow s trail be lifted, ever- . . iii'i e 1 . " I r, was my fourt enth birthday, a bnghtand lovely day m early autumu,_and iu boa oar of tti» occionroy two favourite friends, Julian and Kaai!yr wece iayittd to spend the whOljB day with me I V 0)i, how happy we wore ! We had tea in the garden — a eumprecus repast, to which we did amplo ja-jsictt.. Ulien we , rambled about the. spacious eitchwae, :. picking fruit and flowers, to our heat u' content. I remember Julia and Emily made a lovely wreath and crowned me wich is, declaring I was fcb be their queen. . 4 Don's he picking all.my fruit and flowers, young ladies/ said .oil John the gardener ; hut we only laughed as him. Afterwards, as the-evening.grew chilly, we entered the bouse, : and sitting round the tire, . amused ourselves, . fi'Sr- by talking about friends, and then telling stories. One led on to another, and at last we .essayed to frighten, ach other by relating the most eruisome ghost stories we could think of. . , After a time Julia said suddenly, 1 How thoughtfully you look, Katie; I think I. frightened you with that last story of mine.' ' Nonsense,' sati I ; ' hut I hav thought of something amusing. Wll you and Emily, leave he room for five minutes while I hide myself V An t lush— or rather,. I should say,,; a. diabdic l— idea hid entered my head, for. I now firmly believe is was an inspiration of the evil one. . When the two £irjs had left me, I ex tinguished all the light, and, drawing up the blinds, let a flood of moonlight into the room. It was a spacious apartment, full of nooks, and corners, which threw dark shadows over f. great portion of it. . A" door opened on the gar-den, and . a large elm tree growing near the . han<?e waved its, weird- like branches against the window-pane. , The reom looked uncanny ; the shadows assumed grotesque shapes, and the moon- i»ght wh'ch streamed ia at the window, com- . bined with the light from the fire, mads these seem more grotesque. My heart almost filled roe, but I was resolved to carry out my ji-h— it would b .such fan, I though. S decline a dark corner, where only a few raj of tiickriwvt moonlight fell. I IaH mye«slf: do vn friM length on the floor, "and yigidly s»retchipg ont my "limbs and folding mv ..-.hands, assumed the appearand of ; death. I remember I caught a glimmering reflec tion of rpyaelf in tfck mirror opposite, and was half-eta rtled and inclined to relinquish my purpose when I sa it,. Ah I if I had only lierend to my good angel ; but the band of Kate was on me, and I was destined to carry out to the bitter end her fell behest. To add an additional' horror to ray appear- since, I took two pennies out of my pocket and pi iced. one oyer each eye. The five minutes soon prssedi and then I heard Julia .and' .."Emily enter the room. ' Blow -strange,' they both exclaimed ; ' she \- has put out the lights,' 4 1 feel rather . frightened,' said Emily, who was the most timid; ' the room, looks so" gloomy.' .. ' Oh, nonsense,' replied Julia. It was very clever of her to put out «he tight, it will he more fun to find her. You go and look Pu rer the-sofaVand chairs, while I look into all the corners,' I heard tht m poking about here and there, and was afraid they would, stumble over my feet in the dark. At last Julia exd aimed, 4 Oh, look, Emily, there she is; but how strange she looks.' Both girls now 'Stood ovpToie, and I knew: somehow they were Staring at me though iny eyes w.re shut. Kafie 1 Katie !' . bey cried, .' get up. We have found you ; the game is over ; don't try tp frighten us.' Julia eeized my arm to drag me up, but I (determined to crrF out my game to the bitter end)' 'et it fail limply mt of her gra-p. Ob. Julia,' said poor Emily, in a faint, heartsick voice, 'lam ah aid she is dead. And look at her eyes, how dreadful they look.' I could keep my countenance no longer, so springing up with a wild burst of laughter, I caught the terrified girl round the waist, am waltzed round the room with her. Suddenly I (eit her form grow heavy and rigid in my grasp, and with a piercing scream of agony, which will echo in m. brain to oiy dying day. the uafortunate girl slid from my arm and sunk to the floor dead.- -E J. T. -Roose. 