A NEW BISHOPRIC. CONSECRATION OF DR. CORBETT. It is not too much to say that Catholics have not in Victoria had an opportunity of witnessing a more impressive Church ceremonial than the consecration, on Thursday, 25th August, ot Dr. Corbett, the first Bishop of the new diocese of Sale. His Lordship is the fifth prelate who has been consecrated in the colony. The first was the late lamented Dr. Geoghegan, the second Bishop of Adelaide, a priest who was one of the ecclesiastical pioneers of Victoria, the remembrance of whom is still green in the memories of a few surviving old colonists. The seoond was Dr. Shiel, who, when in charge of Ballarat, was consecrated Bishop of Adelaide in succession to Dr. Geoghegan. Long after that two Victorian sees were created—those of Ballarat and Sandhurst—but the eminent ecclesiastics who were appointed were consecrated before coming to Australia. Unhappily, Dr. O'Connor, the much-beloved prelate who wa6 chosen as the Bishop of Ballarat, did not long survive his elevation to the position. He was succeeded by Dr. Moore, the present Bishop, a veteran Victorian olergyman, and a priest who had • laboured long and successfully in Ballarat and in many other parts of Victoria. His was the third consecration in the colony, and the ceremony took place in St. Patrick's Church, Ballarat, the late lamented Archbishop being the consecrating prelate. Dr. Crane, another Bishop chosen, for many excellent reasons, from the ranks of the clergy of the Isle of Saints for the see of .Sandhurst, soon endeared himself to his people by his exemplary piety, hig earnest desire for their welfare—both spiritual and temporal—and his indefatigable efforts to advance the interests of the Church by carrying the truths of our holy religion to the remotest corners of his large and important diocese. His arduous labours told upon his health, and with much reluctance he found himself compelled to seek rest. A voyage to Europe was taken, on the advice of his medical attendants, and, after a somewhat protracted visit, he returned to his flock, but without, as had been hoped, regaining the health of which he had gone in quest. The appointment of a coadjutor became a necessity, and Dr. Reville, whohad been the Vicar-General of the diocese, was selected for the position. His was the fourth consecration, and it took place in St. Kilian's, the local cathedral. Dr. Corbett, the prelate who was consecrated on the 25th ult.; had, for a space of twenty-five years, been pastor of St. Kilda, one of the most important parishes in Victoria. He was for many years closely associated with the late Archbishop, and (always his confidential friend) he acted for a considerable time as his private secretary. Dr. Corbett has been so closely connected with, the history of the Church in Victoria, and is so well known as an able, an elbquent and a fearless advocate of its claims and its o&use;—particularly in matters of education—that we feel it, in writing for Catholics, to be altogether supererogatory to refer in detail to his distinguished services. There are too many monuments of his efforts in the cause of Catholicity to render it necessary that we should say anything with reference to His labours. His churches, his schools, the long rolls of members of the religious guilds which have been established in his late, parish, speak eloquently—much more than we could—as to his zeal and his paternal solicitude for the welfare of his flock. The many tearful eyes to be seen in St. Mary's on the day of his consecration bore convincing testimony as to the extent to which he is beloved by his late parishioners; and it is not a matter for wonder that the faithful shepherd should himself have shown signs of emotion when the accomplished priest who preached the sermon referred, in eloquent language, to the 1 happy relations which had existed for so long between the flock and the pastor whom they loved so well and were about to lose. Dr. Corbett's consecration will long be remembered by those who had the privilege _ of witnessing the ceremony. Admission was by ticket, but long before 10 o'clock—the hour fixed for the ceremony — there were hundreds of people congregated in the church grounds. About half-past 9 o'clock the doors of the church were opened, and by 10 not only was every available seat occupied, but the passages were filled. The members of the local branch of the Hibernian- Australasian Catholic Benefit Society were present in large numbers, and made every effort to minimise to the fullest extent the discomfort which was a necessary result of the large assemblage. Amongst the congregation conld be seen a large number of members of the religious societies which owe their establishment in the parish to Dr. Corbett. The day was beautifully fine; and it seemed as though God had graciously deigned to smile his approval of the solemn ceremony which was to be performed. Shortly after ten o'clock the procession entered the church —the congregation standing—from the southern end,6,nd pas Bed along the nave to the Sanctuary. His Grace the Archbishop proceeded to the High Altar, where he assumed the vestments prescribed in the Ritual 'for >such occasions, whilst the Bishopdesignate was conducted to another altar by the assistant prelates, the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, and the Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, who assisted him in vesting. During the time the prooession was passing through the church the choir Bang Zingarelli's Laudate. The Bishop-elect was then conducted to the consecrator, who was seated in front of the High Altar, and the usual formalities, which oe described below, were gone through* His Gracs called upon the Rev. J. L. Hegarty (who acted as notary) to read the Apostolic Mandate authorising the consecration. This was done from the pulpit. The prelates present besides the Archbishop of Melbourne and the assistant Bishops to the consecrator mentioned above were his Grace the Archbishop of Adelaide (Dr. Reynolds), their Lordships the Bishop of Maitland, N.S.W. (Dr. Murray) and the coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst (Dr. Reville). The chaplains of the assistant Bishops were:—Of the Bishop of Ballarat, the Rev. Fr. Rogers; and of the Bishop of Hobart, the Very Rev. Dean Beechinor. The Very Rev. Dean Donaghy officiated as Master of the Ceremonies, assisted by the Very Rev. Archpriest O'Meara and the Rev. P. J. Aylward. There was a large number of clergymen present from all parts of Victoria, and many from the other colonies, including some of the Redemptorist Fathers, whose first mission in Victoria was conducted in St. Mary's, and whose mission cross is a prominent object in the church, beneath which is inscribed those words which to all Christians have so much significance—" Consimmatumest." Amongst the clergymen present were the following:— Very Revs. Dean O'Driscoll, Dean Davy, A. Sturtzo, S.J.; Prior Butler, O.C.C.; M. Farrelly, V.F.; Revs. T. Cahill, S.J.; H. Allen, O.S.A.; G. Byrne, M. Carey, R. Collins, O. Daly, S.J.; J. Daly, T. J. Egan, J. Fitzgerald, P. J. Fallon, J. Graber, D.D.; J. Grant, J. J. Gallivan, M. Hayes, J. Heffernan, D. Horan, W. Hartnett, E. Hennessy, E. Kelly, D.D.; P. Moran, F. Murphy, S.J.; M. Murphy, P. M'Gee, M. M'Kenna, D. Nelan, C. Nulty, S.J.; W. O'Brien, H. O'Callaghan, D. O'Callaghan, J. H. O'Connell, P. O'Donoghue, J. Stevens, P. Corcoran, J. Hennessy, — Berchmans,C.S.S.R.; D. M'Nab, M. Ryan, W. Quilter, D. Quinn, and P. Walsh. It seems to us that we can afford our readers a clearer understanding of the acts of consecration by giving a translation of the first portion of the Rubric De Conxccratione Electi in Episcopum, than by attempting ourselves a minute description of the ceremony on the 25th ult. In the juramentuvi the precise words in which the Bishop solemnly pledges himself to fulfil the obligations of his high office are given. The following is for THE CONSECRATION OP A BISHOP-BIiEOT ACCORDING TO THE ROMAN BITDAIi. No one should be consecrated Bishop unless the consecrating Bishop be duly assured of his commission to consecrate either by Apostolic letters (if it be outside the Court of Rome);- or by viva voce communication made by the Sovereign Pontiff to the consecrating Bishop. The appointed day of consecration ought to be either on Sunday or on the feast of an Apostle, and it is expedient that the Bishop consecrating, and the Bishop to be consecrated, should fast on the preceding day. The consecration ought to take place in the Cathedral of the diocese to which the Bisbop-elect belongs, or, at least, within the province, if it can be conveniently done. In the church in which the consecration takes place two chapels are to be fitted out, the greater for the consecrating Bishop, and the smaller for the Bishop-elect; and in the larger an altar, and in the ordinary manner there shall be a cross in the middle, and, at least, four candles. On the ground before the steps of the altar shall be spread carpets, on which the Bishop-elect may be able to lie prostrate, and the consecrating Bishop and the others to kneel. There shall be prepared in an adjacent and a convenient place a credence for the consecrating Bishop, on which shall be placed a clean towel, two candlesticks, vessels to wash the hands, with small towels, a vessel of holy water, an aspersory, censer, with its due accompaniments, cruets, with wine and water for the sacrifice, a chalice, a bread-box with breads, a crumb of bread for cleansing the hands, and holy chrism; also Pontifical vestments of the colour suitable to the time and office of the Mass. These vestments are—sandals, amice, alb, cincture, a pectoral cross, a stole, a little cross, a dalmatic, gloves, a planeta, a mitre fringed with gold, a Pontifical ring and a crozier, a maniple, and a chasuble; also shall be placed an ornamented great chair, and three chairs to the left -for the elect and the two assistant Bishops, and a missal, and a Pontifical. The consecrating 1 Bishop is to have three chaplains at least, in surplices, and two standard bearers at the credence. But in the smaller chapel is prepared an altar, with a eross_ and two candlesticks, a missal, Pontifical, and all the Pontifical vestments, as already enumerated in describing the chapel- of the consecrating Bishop; and over and above these a white cope, and near the altar a small credence, with a clean towel, a vessel to wash the hands, and a piece of bread to wipe away the oils after the anointing of the hands and head. And also eight napkins are to be placed on the credence, cut out of two yards of very fine linen, ol which two are to be of six palms in length ; the othera will be of equal dimensions. Also eight candles, each of one pound in weight, of which four are placed on the altar of the consecrating Bishop and two on hie credence, and two oh the altar of the Bishop about to be consecrated. There must also be placed on the credence of the Bishop-elect a ling set with a precious stone to be blessed and given to the Bishop to be consecrated, and for the offertory intortitia duo, of four pounds each, two large loaves, and two small barrels of wine. The bread and the barrels must be ornamented; two must be silvered and two gilt, bearing on either side the arms of the consecrating Bishop and of the Bishopelect, surmounted by a hat;- or a crozier' or a mitre, according to each one's grade and dignity. There must be at least two assistant Bishops, wearing rochet, or if Regulars, surplice, amice, stole, which, with other vestments, must be of the colour appropriate to the season and the Mass, and a white plain mitre, and each must have his own Pontifical. Then at the proper hour the consecrating Bishop, the Bishop-elect, the assistant Bishops, and others who ought to be present at the consecration assemble in the church, and the consecrating Bishop having prayed before the altar, goes up to his throne, if it be in his own church, or goes to the chair on his own altar prepared for him at the epistle side, and there is robed in the usual manner. But the Bishop-elect, with the assistant Bishop, goes to his own chapel, and there assumes the vestments befitting—viz., if Mass is sung, an amice and alb, a cincture, a stole, after the manner of a priest, and a cope. But if the Office only is read, he can, before he puts on the vestment aforesaid, assume the sandals and read the psalm quam dilecta. The assistant Bishops also in the meanwhile assume the vestments already described. Therefore, all things being ready, the consecrating Bishop draws near the altar, and there sits on his chair, his back to the altar, and the Bishop- elect, with his biretum, (priest's cap) on, is led so vested between the assistant Bishops, vested and mitred. When they come before the consecrating Bishop, the Bishop-elect, uncovering and bowing low, salutes the consecrating Bishop, whilst the assisting Bishops salute the consecrating Bishop, retaining their mitres and bowing slightly. Then they sit in their seats before the consecrating Bishop in this manner: The Bishop-elect faces the consecrating Bishop in such a manner that there may be sufficient distance between them, with an assistant Bishop at either side—the senior at the right, and the junior at the left, but in such a manner that they face each other. When they have been so placed and have remained sitting for a short space, they rise, the Bishop-elect without his biretum, and the assistant Bishops without their mitres. The senior of the assistant Bishops turning' himself forward, the consecrating Bishop says—" Most Rev. Father, our Holy Mother the Church postulates that you would raise this priest here present to the Episcopal charge." The consecrating Bishop asks—" Have you the! Apostolic Mandate?" The senior assistant Bishop answers, " We have." The consecrating Bishop says—" Let it be read." Then the notary of the consecrating Bishop, receiving the Commission from the hands of the assistant Bishop, reads it through. During the reading all are seated and covered. The Commission having been read by the notary, the Bishop-elect, advancing from his seat, reads on his knees the oath. After recital of the oath the consecrating Bishop, holding on his breast with both hands the opened book of the Gospel, the lower part of the book being turned to the Bishop-elect, receives from him the testimony to this oath, the Bishop-elect still kneeling before him saying—" So help me, God, and these the holy Gospels of God," and touching the text itself of the Gospels with both his hands; then, and not sooner, the consecrating Bishop says—"Deo Gratias"—(thanks be to God). The ancient regulations of the Fathers teach and command that he who is to be raised to the order of the Episcopacy should be diligently examined, with all charity, regarding faith in the Most Holy Trinity, and be questioned also regarding those causes and customs which become such an office, and must be retained according to the Apostolic saying—" Nemini cito manus imposueris," impose hands on no one hastily. And moreover that he who is being ordained might understand how he should converse in the Church of God under such a rule; and that those may be deemed irreprehensible who impose the hands of ordination upon him." The Consecrating Prelate then says:— By this same authority, therefore, and by this command we ask thee, Most Rev. Brother, with the sincerest charity, if thou wilt form thy prudence, so far as thy nature is able according to the sense of the Holy Scriptures ? The Elect, affsing with uncovered head, answers: This from my heart do I wish to consent to and obey in all things. The Consecrator then asks:—Wilt thou teach by word and example to that people for whom thou art to be ordained, those truths which thou knowest from the Divine Scriptures? I wiU. Wilt thou bear fidelity, subjection, and obedience according to canonical authority, in all things to the Blessed Peter the Apostle, to whom God'hath given power of binding and loosening, to his Vicar the Lord "Pope Leo XIII., and to his successors, the Roman Pontiffs? ; I will. Wilt thon guard thy ways from/every evil as far as thou canst, with Gocf's : 'h61p, and change to all good 1 ? I will. Wilt thon teach and observe chastity and sobriety? 1 will. Wilt thou attend to the Divine'things, and abstain from' all worldly transactions arid unworthy lncre as far as human frailty will permit? I will. Wilt thou guard in thyself humility and patience, and teach tb others the same ?! 1 Wilt thou be affable and mertifnl, in the name of the Lord, to the poor, to the stranger, and to all in need ? 1 will. Then the Consecrating Bishop says :— "All these, and greater blessings, may the Lord grant thee, and guard thee, atid strengthen thee for all good." He then examines the Elect in all things regarding Faith and the Mysteries of Religion, and _ ill conclusion says:—" May this faith be increased by the Lord to thee, most beloved brother in Christ, unto the true arid eternal : blisfl.' After the examination, the assistant Bishops bring the Elect before the Consecrator, whose hand he reverently kisses. The Confiteor is then said' by all the Bishops, and the Chaplains answer. Mass is' celeT brated as far as the Allelujah, or the last verse of the Tract or Sequence exclusively. The Elect is then led by the assistant Bishops to his chapel, where the acolytes put on his sandals whilst he reads the usual psalms and prayers. He receives the peptora) cross, and the Stole is placed on hjij shoulders; and having been robed in the Pontifical vestments, ascends his own altar, and with uncovered head,, between the two assistant Bishops, celebrates Mass as far as before mentioned. The Bishop Elect is then led before the Consecrating Bishop, and, after a prayer, he prostrates himself at the left-hand side of the Consecrator. All the ministers kneel in the meantime, and the Litany of the Saints La sung. Towards the close of the Litany tlie Consecrator arises and blesses three times the Elepifcj praying that the- Lord may bless, sanctify, and consecrate. him. The Litpny haying been sung, .the book of the Gospels was placed open on the neck and shoulders of the Elect by the consecrating Bishop,-assisisted by the other Bishops, and afterwards the consecrating and assistant Bishops im? pose both hands on the head of the Elect) and say at the same time, " Receive thoi) the Holy Ghost." The Consecrator, stand-, ing with head uncovered and hands e^t^nded, then blesses him and prays oveo- him.; The hymn, " Veni Creator Spiritus," is ;t)iefli sung, and whilst the choir proceeds, rthe Consecrator, dipping the, thumb of his right hand in the Holy Chrism, anoints the head of the Elect, kneeling before him in the form of a cross, and says these words, " Be thy head anointed and consecrated with heavenly blessings in the order of High Priest, in tfaej name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." After wiping hi; thumb with the pith of bread, the , consecrating Bishop arises and continues the Preface and blesses the anointed. He then gives the anthem—Unguentum in Capite, and the Gradual canticle of David, Psalm 132— " Behold how good and how pleasing [it is for brethren to dwell together in. unity." Whilst the psalm is recited the Elect kneels before the Consecrator, who anoints both his hands with the sacred chrism in the form o| a cross, extending from the thumb of the right band to the under finger of the left, and then the entire palm of the hand, repeating in the meantime the words and prayer prescribed. The hands of the Elect are wrapped in the linen bands—hanging from hisneck—and theerozier, having been already blessed, is then given by the Consecrator in the usual form of the Pontifical; likewise the ring. Finally, the consecrating Bishop now takes the Book of Gospels from the shoulders of the consecrated, and, assisted by the other two Bishops, hands it closed to the consecrated, saying—" Receive thou the Gospel, and go preach to the people committed to thy charge, for God is powerful to increase his grace to thee." The consecrating Bishop then receives the newly- consecrated to the kiss of peace, saying, " Peace be to you," and likewise the assisting Bishops, to all of whom he answers, "And with thy spirit." The assistant Bishops then led the consecrated to his chapel, where the ointment is wiped from his head and hands with bread and pure linen, whilst the Consecrator on his throne washes his hands. Mass then is continued, as far as the Offertory by botli Bishops—the Archbishop at the High Altar, and the newly-consecrated in his own chapel. THE SERMON. The Rev. Fr. O'Farrell, one of the Redemptorist Fathers of Waratah Monastery, New South Wales, preached the sennon, and selected for his text the words found, in the 28th chapter of St. Matthew, verses 18,19, and 20:—" And Jesus advancing said until them: ' All power is given to me in heaven and on earth.' Going forth, therefore, teacli all nations, baptizing them in the name ot the Father, and. of the Son, and of the I^oly Ghost, instructing them to observe all "that l have commanded you: and behold I ant with' you all days, even,to the consummation of the world.'" He said that a verygrejit event had taken place there that day. The Almighty God had made known His will as He did on that day long.ago when,tlie lot fell upon Matthias, and He was numbered among the apostles. *To-day, as on Pentecost, the Holy Ghost descended, and another past,or was' given 'to .the Church, another watchman was' placed upon their Therefore did',the tlqly Ghost to-d«'insert that great eyent, yiiH sll "thy' jy^L&fr;^ and ^ith all the deep significance of aspljwr did ceremonial,in order that hath he mEjf was raired.'~tp'! the dij^rity and' they Wgo looked on might be taught to venerate aqd esteem that highest office which .man couWl hold on earth- 1 -® pastor in the Churoli of (3iriBt,ap,wjbruthefl^'of3^us. Ai^mosfc beautifully did the' Church teaich that lesson toall ofthezn. AS tji^ bestowed each emblem of office on. tne canxUdate for the episcopal office he gave him, ana giiye them also at the same time, a lepfjoa oi ffie significance* of each emblem, of office* Receiving the episcopal ring, the new prelate was reminded that now he was bound by inviolable obligations, since he had contracted the closest union that man could contract with the spouse of Christ on e&Tth.; And, at the same time, they were reminded of their obligation to venerate and to trust one upon whom his Divine Master had bestowed BO great a mark of distinction. Again, the croziet, or pastoral staff, as it was called, had its lesson, and the new prelate was reminded, on receiving it, that henceforward, invested with the episcopalauthority, he must be a just judge, a watchful guardian, and a gentle father of the flock entrusted to his care. And they were all taught a solemn lesson, namely, that those who belong to his flock henceforth should know their shepherd, were to respect his authority, and were tolisten to him as to the voice of Jesus Christ Himself. When the stately mitre was placed upon the anointed head of the new prelate for his benefit and for theirs, the consecrating prelate told him, and told them all, that henceforth this mitre would not be merely a decoration added to the other episcopal vestments, but that it would be the helmet of salvation, and that henceforth he would have to go forth and do battle in the very front rank of the army of Christ; and by his teaching, and by the light of his example, he must encourage and enlighten his faithful flock to follow him on to victory. They thus saw that those ceremonies of the Church which they had just witnessed were not, after all, as they were so often called, empty or meaningless mummeries. No. They revealed to them the deep wisdom of the Holy Church herself, and they encouraged them to that greater veneration and respect for the Church that was guided by such heavenly wisdom. However, he was not going to dwell upon the ceremonies of the Boman Pontifical that day. There seemed to him to be something greater, something deeper, underlying the whole of the events that transpired before them. It seemed to him that thegreat doctrine of the Holy Catholic Church was brought out prominently in view ; and though they might admire in the ceremonies the grace and beauty of the movements of her who was the spouse of Christ, and whom grace and dignity became so well, at the same time, if they would only observe, there was upon her queenly brow a gem that shone to-day with a special lustre, a gem that compelled the admiration of everyone who gazed upon it. That was the apostolicity of the Holy Catholic Church. This, it seemed to him, was the great point brought out into bold relief in the ceremonies that had taken place, I when, at the very commencement of all that ' was done in that sanctuary, the assistant Bishops went forward as the sponsors of him who claimed the episcopal dignity, when they presented him to the consecrating prelate, and requested that lie might be raised to the episcopal office, not one answer did the consecrating prelate give, not one step, not one movement did he make until they answered the question—HabetU mandatum apustolicum ?—"Have you the the apostolic commission ?" Had they the document that told the consecrating prelate that this man was sent by him who had the authority to send him? In the very first instance they saw how the Church took care that no hireling should enter amongst her flock, that, in short, lia must come in by the door of apostolical authority, and they saw how she guarded that precious jewel which she looked upon as her treasure, and the patent of her nobility, the apostolicity of the origin of her doctrine and ministry. They had often heard at various times, and in the instructions given them by their own priests, they had often heard the term apostolic applied to the Holy Church. Now, what was the meaning of the term apostolic ? The meaning of " apostolic" was—that which came from the apostles. Therefore, when, fifteen centuries ago, the fathers of the Council of Nice taught and proclaimed that the Church of Christ was not only one holy and catholic, but also apostolic, the Fathers of Nice meant that the Church of Christ must come from the apostles, that her doctrine must be identical with the doctrine delivered by Jesus Christ to His apostles, and that her ministers, her pastors, those who teach and govern in her, must descend from the apostles, must derive their authority, their mission, and their powers from the apostles by ail uninterrupted su«cession. Therefore, they would remark that in the word "apostolic," applied to the Church, thfere .were two things specially meant and signified. What were they ? First, that the Church of Christ, to be apostolic, must teach the doctrines taught by the apostles, delivered by Christ to the apostles; and, secondly, that the Church, to be apostolic, must have her ministry coming direct, in uninterrupted succession, from those whom Jesus Christ sent to be the teachers and rulers in His flock. Now, those were the two points to which he would direct their attention. In the first place, lie would ask them to remember the words which he had quoted in his text, when our Divine Lord, before he asoended into heaven, took the apostles and spoke to them: "All power," said He, " is given to me in heaven and on earth. Going forth, therefore, teach all nations, baptizingjand instructing them to observe all that I have commanded you: and behold I am with you all days/even to the consummation of' the world." Now, from this text it was evident to anyone who reflected upon the words, and examined them impartially, that our Lord meant that the apostles—those to whom He was 1 speaking, and not others—were to be the witnesses of His eternal' trtith, that they were to Jbe the depositories of that truth, that they were to 'be the channels through which 'that -truth was to ll.i-.v tli-nagli all nat£6as down to the end of 'time, lie cliose them for this purpose—that through their ministry, through their preaching, the true doctrine and no other might be preached and delivered to His Church. And lest, fore seeing as our Lord did that many false prophets would arise, and, through the malice of the devil, or through the frailty of man, the truth of His doctrine might be corrupted or perverted, to ensure that this should never take place, He said— " Behold I am with you all days, even to the very end of the world." Now, here was his conclusion. If Jesus Christ, who was truly God, was with His apostles then, and still with them—not merely with them throughout their own lifetime, but still with them in the work of teaching, which would be carried on to the end of time—if it was true that Jesus Christ was to be with His Church in teaching His doctrine, then never for a moment oould any falsehood get into the teaching of the Churoh—a doctrine which Jesus Christ Himself helped to teach and to deliver to the people. St. Paul, in the Epistle to the Ephesians, told the faithful that they were founded upon the apostles. " You are founded," said the Apostle Paul, " upon the foundation of the apostles and the prophets, Christ Himself being the chief corner-stone." And thus did he argue from the text. If for a moment there could be a doctrine in the Church that had not its root in the apostolic teaching then the words of St. Paul were false, and the Church was not founded upon the apostles. The same apostle, writing to St. Timothy, said— and let them mark the plain words—" The things that you have here from me, by many witnesses, the same hand down to other faithful men in the ministry, who in their turn shall be fit to teach others." What followed from this? In the words of the apostle, that no other dootrine was to be taught, or could be taught, by any minister of the Church of Christ than that which Paul the apostle had received from Jesus Christ Himself. But there was something stronger still said by the same apostle. Writing to the Galatians, and after warning them about those who were, by their false teaching, trying to pervert the truth of Jesus Christ, he said, in most forcible language, " Though an angel from heaven should come and preach to you any doctrine—any gospel —other than that which we have preached to you, let him be anathema I" They could see, therefore, from the teaching of the apostle that the test to be applied to any preacher or Church that claimed to teach the true doctrine was to question or examine him or it, and see if the doctrine preached was any other than that preached by the apostles. If any preacher, even though to all appearance he was without sin, though his life was blameless, and though he was full of learning and every accomplishment, did not preach the doctrine delivered by Christ to the apostles, he was not only not to be believed, but, according to St. Paul, anathematised. From this it was evident that the Churoh of Christ must be apostolic in her doctrine, and let him say to them that the Boman Catholic Church, to which they belonged, of all the Christian sects or denominations, could alone claim for herself the title of being apostolic in her doctrine. She, and she alone, could point to her doctrine and say and prove that what she taught to-day was that which Peter and Paul and James and John taught in the days of the apostles. How did this appear ? He would say, first, " Examine her creed." j The creed that was recited or sung | in the Catholic Church to-day was the i very same that was recited or sung ! in Ephesus, Antioch, Jerusalem, and i Bome in the days of the apostles. It was ' the same creed that Athanasius explained; ; the same creed that the Council of Nice ! promulgated fifteen centuries ago. No doubt : there were some people who would want stronger proof than his (the preacher's) < words for that assertion. But let him tell them that it was admitted by all parties that the Boman Catholic Church, for the first four centuries at least, taught the apostolic doctrine and no other. How or by what means did the Boman Catholic Church teach the apostolic doctrine for the first four cen- . turies? He would refer them to his text, : and say that it was because Jesus Christ was , with her, as He was with the apostles when He gave them their mission. And as Jesus ' Christ promised that He would be with ! His Church not merely for four ! centuries, but to the end of the world, what conclusion could they come to if they admitted what others said about them—that from the fourth century the doctrine of the Boman Catholic Church had been corrupted ? Those who would make such an assertion would convict Jesus Christ Himself of falsehood, for He said, " I will be with you"— not merely for a life-time, not merely for a century or two, but for all days—" even to the end of the world." Therefore, if Jesus Christ was not now with His Church, and had not been since the fourth century, He had not only taken Himself away from His Church, but told a lie when He said, " I will be with you all days, even to the end of the world." He would set forth the grounds on which the Catholic Church, and she alone, could claim to be apostolic in her. teachings. They knew from, history that she, for fear of any error being lightly introduced, had been a Jealous, watchful guardian of apostolic truth,' so that the. moment a heretic—a false teacher—put up his head the Boman Church was down upon him, and crushed the head of heresy. And to-day she was the same jealous, watchful Church that'she had ever been. When the new Bishop went before the altar demanding consecration, the consecrating prelate did not dare to lift a .hand over him,, of, read one word of the consecrating rite, before h? had • examined into the doctrine of the new prelate. "Do you believe this?" " Do you i believe that?" and so on until he bad { examined him thoroughly in the Catholic faith | Then the new Bishop had to come forward, | and, in the presence of the bishops, prelates, and clergy here assembled to take a solemn : oath that throughout his life-time, neither by silence nor inactivity, would he allow the ; faith of Peter and the apostles to suffer the slightest diminution. That did not look as if the Church would change her doctrine or vary it from century to century. But there was something else that showed them that the Catholic Church—and 6he alone—was apostolic in her doctrine, and that at no time , in her history had any change in her doctrine ] been introduced by any of her bishops, priests or laity, for how could it be done when the : Church was always so watchful ? Suppose | the new Bishop of Sale went to his diocese 1 and began to teach that there were eigh sacraments, and not seven. Did they think ! he would be allowed to hold the Bishopric of i Sale for long ? The priests would hear ' about it, others would complain, the : news would go to Bome, and he would I be dismissed forthwith. In OTder to succeed, he would not only have to teach I that doctrine to the people of Sale, but make ; them believe it. He would also have to , teach it in Melbourne, Ballarat, and other j centres of population, and bring the whole : of the dioceses and churches in Australia j round to his view that there were eight j sacraments, and not seven. Could that ever | occur in the Church of Christ ? No, it was | impossible. But if those who differed from | them accused them of introducing new doctrines, suoh as the real presence, purga I tory, and so on, which they said had been ! introduced since the fourth century, had | they not a right to ask them to name the person, whether prelate, priest, or layman who introduced them, well as the year. Their accusers never could do it. But let them examine some of the doctrines which they knew to be apostolic. It was taught, for instance, in the apostolic times by Jesus Christ that Peter was the rock upon which He built His Church. It was taught in apostolic times that Peter, especially as the foundation of authority, would hold the keys that signified that authority. Where was that doctrine preached to-day except in the Boman Catholic Church? Again, in the days of the apostles the doctrine was taught that the Church was infallible—that the Church never could go astray, or lead her children astray. That doctrine was only taught now, as in times past, in the Catholic Church, for she claimed to be infallible. Again, it was taught by the apostles that when a man put away his wife, and married another, he was an adulterer. Where was that doctrine taught to-day except in the Boman Catholic Church ? It was taught by Jesus Christ and His Apostles that for those who desired to lead a more perfect life chastity and celibacy were to be commended. Jesus Christ and His apostles taught that by their example, and those who came after them followed that example. Where was that taught outside the Catholic Cburch ? And for teaching the practice of chastity the Catholic Church was blamed and ridiculed. Again, where was the doctrine of fasting and abstinence taught—that doctrine which Christ taught, and for which He laid down rules in His gospel ? In the Catholic Church alone. He who had just been consecrated, and the bishops and prelates who had taken part in the ceremony, had all fasted the day before and that day, not a bit of food or drop to drink having entered their lips until the ceremony was concluded. The evident conclusion was simply that the Catholic Church—and the Catholic Church alone—can be the true Church of Jesus Christ. Now I come to another point of my discourse. It is that the Church of Christ must be apostolic in her ministry—that is, that those who teach and govern within her faith must derive their mission, their authority, and their powers from the apostles, and that by the unbroken line of succession. To prove that point it is only necessary for me to refer you back to what I said about the Church—that she is true, and her doctrines apostolical, because Jesus Christ chose the apostles, and made them the depositories of those doctrines, and that their mission was to minister those doctrines. It is precisely because the mission of the Church was received from the apostles, who had received their mission from Christ. It is precisely for that reason that the dootrine of the Church is apostolical. If the line of succession was at any time broken or interrupted, then, my dear brethren, you could not be sure for one moment that the doctrine was the same as had been given by Christ to His apostles— we never could be sure that the doctrine promulgated was the apostolical doctrine, sucli as was delivered by Christ to His apostles. But there is something in the Holy Scriptures that is important proof of my contention, and it is to. ,be found in the 4th chapter of St. .Paul's Epistles to the Ephesians. There he says that God gave to His Church Bome apostles, other some evangelists, and other some pastors and doctors. The object is that pastors and other members in the ministry should be distinct from the rest of the,faithful. For that purpose He made some.apostles, evangelists, pastors, and doctors, so that the work of the ministry might be carried on without interruption in an unity of faith until the Church reaches perfection-Thus do we say that the Church must be, appstolical in her ministry, in her pastors, and in nil her relations, as was proved by what St. Paul had written to the Hebrews The conclusion is that St. Paul's belief was t^-np/one cpuld be pastor in the Church of Oboat .unless he was called by God to it. St | Paul says that preaching muBt «,„ : says that no man can p^aRll??' singled out. What was that autSd 6 . | Paul himself, although he r e c S S A conversion, would not dare toprS^T received into the ministry untU ^^l 1 * hands imposed on him. The mi^; apostles was to teach thatno^S^ pastor m the Church of Jesus Otoff J? 1 ' he received his mission as the received it-and through than-^TS" Lord Jesus. The Boman Catholicol^ —and that Church alone- eould L "® 1 claim the apostolicity of her ^ SminS S T !? is able to trace back her powers her™ h«I- • 6 to ^Jhl^I andherjurisdictiontothefeesofthlT' times oftiie who had themselves received t & l ' from Jesus Christ. She alone couidT? and one need not go further than thi. '' day the Bishop-elect-the priest who saidt had received authority to be the BishTof new diocese had gone to the alter Li' and asked consecration at the hands nfT Most Beverend Archbishop, who, £ giving his consent, had to be thiroS convinced that this priest had beenT credited by the Apostolical See. HehVt hear a document read, and that document was signed with the Seal of theFi 8herm n XIII. Leo XIII. was the legitimate sue. cesser of Pius IX. who succeeded Giegorj X V I who succeeded Pius V I I I . , before whom was Leo XII,, and so on back, utep bvstei. link by link, until they reached St. Peter Z received authority from Jesus Christ Himself. He who had now received consecration oould therefore trace back, link by link, the prool of his authority as derived from St. Peter and the other apostles. Is not this a mar vellous genealogy—a splendid and illustrious genealogy—a genealogy more illustrious than that of man by reason of divine institution by divine election and divine appointment-^ a genealogy into which no man has ever dared to creep unless he is called bv the Almighty God, even as the High Priest Aaron was. What I have said about the new Bishop is applicable to the humblest minister of the Boman Catholic Church. Take the principal sects outside the Roman Catholic Church and ask them to trace their genealogy, or the genealogy of their ministry, and you will see how 6oon they will have to stop. Take the case of the German Lutherans. Ask them to trace the genealogy of their ministry. They can only trace it back to Martin Luther, the monk of Saxony, who was born in 1483, and died in 1646. It was just the same with regard to other Protestant branohes. Take, again, that Churoh that possesses so many worthy and able men— the Church of England. Ask them to trace back their genealogy to apostolic times. They will trace it back to the wicked King Henry VIII., who divorced his people and country • from the Church of Bome because Pope Clement would not consent to his divorce from Catherine of Arragon. Speak to any Anglican Bishop in the world and ask him from where their jurisdiction comes and he will tell you, rather than risk losing his see, that he holds his see and jurisdiction from Queen Victoria and the Privy Council. If you were present to-day at the consecration of an Anglican Bishop you would hear him reply in answer to questions that he derived bis powers from the Queen and Privy Council. Not a Christian sect outside the Boman Catholic Church can lay claim to descent from the apostles. In the second century, sixteen hundred years ago, Tertullian, the great Christian apologist, wrote to certain people:—" Let them produce the origin of their Church, let them observe the consecration of their Bishops so that it may appear that the first of them was ordained by the apostles or by an apostolic minister who was in communion with the apostles." The preacher then quoted from St. Augustine and St. Francis Sales to bear out the argument on behalf of the apostolical succession. It was related that a French lady of considerable eminence, who was brilliantly accomplished, was in conversation with a humble French priest. The subject of religion was referred to. He spoke to her much in the same way as he (the preacher) had spoken to them. She could find no argument to fall back upon, but admitted everything he said to be most convincing, and she could find nothing to refute. Notwithstanding that, she said: "I prefer to live and die in the Church of my fathers." The priest replied: " Ah, I am very sorry that you should not have chosen the Church of your grandfathers." They saw the most important doctrines of religion brought forward that day in the most impressive ceremony which had taken place. Ought they not, then, to thank and glorify God for His infinite mercy and goodness,- and ought they not to feel grateful that they were members of that one Catholic Apostolic Church regarding the history of which there could be no question? So long as they clung to the Church they might be sure that the religion handed down from Christ Himself to His apostles was theirs. They might be sure, then, there would be nothing in » teachings which had not come from the apostles. They ought to thank God for that they had seen His mandate to go forth and teach the world oarried out with so muol» success. In him who was consecrated thtf day they had an illustration of the apostobo succession. The mandate authorising hu oonBeoration had been signed by Leo XIII-• the legitimate successor of St. Peter, whose authority was received directly from Jesoj Christ TTimpalf. They had seen a most imposing ceremonial, the impressiveness and significance of which he was s^a they .all felt. He might first congretutow the assembled prelates on the fact tbtt thev had added to their number one Sin he was sure, would prove a worthy Colleague. He might congratulate his brethren (the clergy) that it had pleased their Holy Father the Pope to select from Lnongst their number a priest whom they aj] venerated so much for his piety and his efforts in the cause of religion. He might congratulate the parishioners, but perhaps he ought rather to sympathise with them. He was sure that they would feel—and feel deeply—the loss of a pastor whom they loved so well, and who had done so muoh for them, and upon whom they looked as their own. He was aware that they were losing one who had been associated with them for twentyfive years, and who, during that time, had been their spiritual father and their faithful servant. It would be, however, something for them to hand down to their children as a pleasant tradition that the priest whom they loved so well, and had done so much for them, had been chosen to fill a more exalted position. He might congratulate his Lordship upon his elevation, although he knew the position was one of meat difficulty, and would entail much labour and great responsibility, and the duties would be very heavy. He might remind him, however, that, as God had promised to be with His Church to the end of the world, so might he be assured that He would be with him to assist and encourage him in his labours. In his consecration that day his Lordship had been told that his chief duty would be to watch well and keep the faith of St. Peter. They had great hope he would do more— and his previous achievements well justified it—and that he would not only keep it, but use his utmost endeavours to spread it. The faith as received from St. Peter was the same as that which was taught to the people of England by St. Augustine, and to the people of Ireland by St. Patrick. It was the same faith for which his Lordship's forefathers bled and laid down their lives on the walls of Limerick. It was the same faith which so many priests like himself (his Lordship) had come to Australia to teach, and of which he had been such a shining light to the people for and amongst whom he had laboured for 26 years, and whose zealous guardian he had always shown himself to be. Everything in his Lordship's career went to assure them that the faith would be kept. He (the preacher) looked forward, and he could see church spires and convent turrets taking the place of the tall gum and pine trees in the new diocese of Sale, and the vast plains peopled with a busy population. He looked forward, and he saw many confraternities formed for holy purposes, sueh as those of which there were so many members present, springing up under the fostering hand of the Bishop in the new diocese of Sale. Going further, he looked even beyond the grave, and he could see the Bishop on the right hand of the Saviour, and with him a number of zealous priests, and a number of souls who owed their salvation to his Lordship's and their careful guidance. His Lordship might be assured that he would have the support and assistance of God's Holy Mother, whom he had, throughout his life, done so much to hononr. The preacher concluded by expressing the fervent hope that through the blessing of God the efforts of the new prelate would be as successful in the new diocese of Sale as they had in St. Kilda. The music was furnished by the choir of the church, of which Mr. Maver is conductor, and Miss Wilkinson the organist. The principals were—Miss Kate Maher (soprano), Miss Mitchell (alto), Mr. Maver (tenor), and Mr. Thompson (basso). As the procession entered the church Zingarelli's Laudate was given, Mr. Maver singing the tenor solo part. At the Gospel the Litany of the Saints was intoned by Mr. Maver, the responses being given by the choir. ' After the ceremony, whilst the procession was passing out of the church, Lambillotte's Laudate (the musical score of which was obtained from Europe by Miss Wilkinson) was sung most effectively. The newly-created Bishop gave the congregation his blessing, and the ceremonial THE BISHOP'S CAREER. Bishop Corbett is now 53 years of age, and has been parish priest of St. Mary's Church, St. Kilda, for 24 years, Tuesday last being the anniversary of his taking charge. He was born in Limerick, and studied in Bruges and afterwards in Le Manes, in the West of France, and was ordained there. The first mission with which he was connected after his ordination was in Limerick, where for a short time he was attached to the Cathedral St. Johns. He subsequently went to' Dromcollogher, and afterwards to Kilcolman, 'n the same county. Later he returned to St. John's, where he remained until he left Ireland for Victoria, and, shortly after his arrival, was placed in charge of St. Kilda, where he has since remained. EPISCOPAL HOSPITALITY. After the consecration, the Right Rev. Dr. Oorbett entertained at dinner the prelates and clergy who had assisted at the ceremony ; and a large number of the laity were also fiuests of his Lordship. Covers were laid for 150, and there was- no vacant place at the hospitable board. Dr. Corbett himself presided, and immediately on his right and left the Archbishop of Melbourne, the Most Eev. Dr. Reynolds, the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, the Right Rev. Dr. Moore, and the Right Rev. Dr. Reville occupied placies of distinction. The first toast was that of " The Greatest Sovereign on Earth, our Most Holy Father Pope Leo XlH." which the newly-Consecrated Bishop proposed at some length in terms dutiful, felicitous, and laudatory. And the sentiments were received with an enthusiasm equal to that in which they were expressed. " The Consecrating Prelates." " The Assistant Bishops at the Consecration," " The Visiting Prelates," " The Preacher," " The Clergy," " The Laity," and a number of other toasts followed, and to these the Archbishops of Melbourne and of Adelaide, the Bishops of Hobart, Maitland, and Ballarat, the coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, Fr. O'Farrell, C.S.S.R., Rev. J. L. Hegarty, Hon. J. G. Duffy, and other clergymen and secular gentlemen responded. The dinner being of a private character, and therefore not open to the Press, we do not feel at liberty to do more than give a bare outline of the proceedings; but, nevertheless, we shall presume so far as to mention that the prevailing spirit bore testimony to the high esteem and regard in which his Lordship of Sale is held by the Australian episcopacy and by the clergy, old and young, who have been his fellow-labourers. He had, further, the gratification of receiving from representatives of the laity congratulations upon his promotion, and cordial good wishes that his years may be many, and his labours even more fruitful of good than they have been in the more humble sphere in which he has already toiled so long, so arduously, and successfully. The dining hall was beautifully decorated, though in a subdued tone, and in every sense the kindly object with which the newly-consecrated Bishop assembled round him so many distinguished prelates, respected clergy, and prominent members of the laity, was fully realised. PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES. On Tuesday evening last a very large number of people assembled in St. Mary's, St. Kilda, as it had been arranged that addresses should be presented to his Lordship the Bishop of Sale by various sections of his late parishioners. The church was filled to its utmost capacity, and the tearful eyes of the majority of those present indicated the ; deep love they had for the pastor they had had amongst them for so long, and who was about to leave them. Fr. Quirk, who for many years has been associated with Dr. Corbett in the St. Kilda mission, introduced a deputation from the laity of the parish, which included the Hon. j Nicholas Fitzgerald, M.L.C., and Mr. E. O'Donnell, by whom an address was presented by the parishioners of St. Kilda. Mr. Fitzgerald, in presenting the address, said that his Lordship had, during the time he was connected with St. Kilda, made ; himself conspicuous by the manner in which | e had laboured for the good of the church nd the advancement of the people who had j een committed to his charge. The fact I hat his Lordship had for his many j minent qualifications been chosen as I he first bishop of the new diocese of Sale, would have the effect of furnishing ! another link in the chain which connected I Australian Catholics with the Holy See. ' He referred to the presentation of the Episcopal ring, which was emblematical of his ordship's espousal of the Church. It was rom the female members of the Confraternity of the Holy Family, whilst the pectoral cross as a present from the congregation in general, and might be taken as typifying the cross his Lordship would have to bear in his new and more exalted sphere. The following is a copy of the address:— To THE RIGHT REV. JAMES FRANCIS COBBETT, D.D., BISHOP OF SALE, VICTORIA. We, theundersigned members of the congregation of the parish of St. Mary's, St. Kilda, beg most respectfully to tender to your Lordship our sincere and warm congratulations on your elevation to the episcopacy. In raising you to the dignity of Bishop of the new Diocese of Sale, permit us to say that our Most Holy Father, Leo XIII., could not have selected a more devoted priest or one whose past career gives such a guarantee that nothing will be left undone to promote the cause of our holy religion and to consolidate the work of the Church, which the present Sovereign Pontiff has so much at heart. During the long period of twenty-five years that you have directed the affairs of this parish we cannot sufficiently express to you our indebtedness for your zealous labours, your singleness of purpose, and your untiring efforts to extend amongst us the knowledge and practices of our holy faith, and it would be ungrateful on our part did we not here acknowledge with gratitude how muoh we owe to your priestly counsel, to your devotion to our best interests, and to the deep concern you ever manifested in the welfare of ourselves and of our families. The fruits of some of your zealous labours are to be seen in this very commodious and beautiful church in which we are now assembled; in the excellent schools which have been established in St. Kilda, under the direction of the Presentation Nuns, and in the admirable school for boys, which is under the management of the respected and valued order of Christian Brothers ; and allow us to say that your efforts in the cause of Catholic education will secure for you from us our heart-felt gratitude and our lasting recog- nition: We also gladly take this opportunity of saying that we always observed with pleasure that you could, without neglect of parish duties, take part in many good works of an extra parochial nature, and among them we recall with satisfaction the gratifying fact that you represented the Catholics of Melbourne on the Hospital Sunday Committee from its first inception; that at the Church Provincial Councils of the Australian Bishops held in Melbourne in 1870 and. in Sydney in 1885 you i filled responsible offices, and the Church Records of Victoria will show that you aided onsiderably—by your sermons, preached_ at pening of churches and while accompanying he late Archbishop on visitation _ tours hrough the colony—your brethren in the acred ministry, charity and patriotism never ailed to bring you to the Irish Famine Fond nd to the O'Connell Monument committees, nd for many years you were, with one xception, the only priest holding a district utside Melbourne, who made an annual colection for the orphanages at South Melbourne. Having thus briefly referred to your eminent services, we cannot refrain from aying that having presided over and anaged this parish—as you have so faithfully done for so many years—we cannot separate from you without feelings of sorrow; but our regret and loss will be incomparable to the great benefits conferred on the people of Sale, and, in again congratulating you on your elevation to the dignity of a bishop, allow us to wish your Lordship every spiritual comfort and joy, and to pray that you may have the continual assistance of the Holy Spirit to discharge faithfully the duties of your onerous and holy office. In conclusion, we heartily wish you every happiness and success in your new sphere of action, and sincerely hope that you may be long spared to rule over the spiritual destinies of your new flock, and we humbly ask for your prayers and benediction.—We are, your Lordship's obedient and devoted parishioners. Feast of St. Bartholomew, 1887. Mr. E. O'Donnell then presented to_ the bishop a purse containing 400 sovereigns, which were contributed by the congregation. Dr. Corbett, who was much affected, said— speaking from the pulpit—that he could scarcely find words to thank them for the manifestation of feeling which they had made. He could not but feel assured of their affectionate regard, and were it not that he owed obedience to the Holy See, he would almost regret his having to sever his connection with a flock with whom he had been associated so long and whom he loved so much. The magnificent presents they had given him testified to the deep love which was in their hearts. The voice of God had called him to Sale, and no matter how bitter the separation might be, he would have to obey it. He had been led to consider whether he had treated them as he should—whether he ' had treated the rich and the poor alike, and with that paternal kindness which his office imposed upon him. If he had not, or if he had been in the smallest degree a stumbling block in the way of the congregation, he asked them to join with him in praying that for any omissions he might be forgiven. Adverting to the subjeet of Education, his Lordship expressed the hope that parents would give their children the christian education which was commanded by the Church, but which was unhappily denied them by the system which had been adopted by the State, They might be sure that he would always take a warm interest in them, and he would always, they might depend, remember them in his prayers and in the Mass. An address was then presented from the local branch of the Hibernian-Australasian Catholic Benefit Society. His Lordship, in reply, expressed the gratification it gave him to receive the address which they had presented to him, He referred to the time when he first took charge of the St. Kilda mission when there were no such societies in existence. That was to a day exactly 24 years ago. The society had expanded in an astounding manner, and now had many branches, not only in Victoria, but also in New South Wales and New Zealand also. Their society was an excellent one, and one that deserved the support not only of every Catholic, but of every priest and bishop. No man could be true to himself unless he were true to the Divine faith and to his country. No Irishman who forgot his native isle was worthy of respect or of the name of man; but their society taught them to remember it, and also their duties to God. His Lordship made a passing reference to the condition of Ireland, and expressed the hope that it would not be long before she was conceded the right of selfgovernment. An address was then presented by the local Catholic Young Men's Society. His Lordship expressed very great pleasure at receiving the address. He spoke highly of the advantages of belonging to such societies as theirs, and the opportunities it afforded young men of improving themselves. He regarded such societies as little inferior to the school itself. They might feel assured that in his distant home he would not forget them, and they Bhould always be remembered in his prayers. In response to a request by Mr. Nicholas itzgerald, his Lordship addressed a few remarks to the members of the Confraternity of the Holy Family, the benefits of belonging to which he spoke of in the highest terms. He expressed the fervent hope that there would be a large accession to their numbers. Master Toohey read a most sympathetic address from the altar boys of St. Mary's, in which they expressed their obligations to his Lordship for the many kindnesses they owed to him, and the forbearance he had manifested, particularly when they broke altar cruets. The childish simplicity with which the little fellow read the address, together with the sentiments expressed, were so effective that there was scarcely a dry eye in the church. At the conclusion a silver snuff-box was presented. • His Lordship on receiving it emptied the contents of his own into it, and, to the evident delight of the little altar boys, took a pinch. He thanked them in ia warm, m terms or their address, the delight of receiving which he could not, he said, express. He reminded them that they enjoyed a great privilege in being allowed to take.so intimate a part in the celebration of ,4he Mass, ana exhorted them to endeavour,lo make themselves examples of piety,"so that others might be led to follow in their footsteps. They might be sure he loved them, and he only hoped that his little altar boys in Sale would be as good as they had been. With regard to their present, he would always: be proud of it, and, although he had contemplated abandoning thejbad habit of snuffing, he could not under the circumstances carry it out. His benediction was given, and his Lordship afterwards acknowledged, in graceful terms, the assistance he had received, and the good which had been done for religion by his colleagues, Fr. Quirk and Dr. Kelly, the Christian Brothers, and the Sisters of the Presentation Convent. 