INHEBIT4NC '£ 1i: " 'The' Kh't. Of mt Jenifer hod inherited a .pV'V.- ri.y i The lawyer's letter announcing the fact Ur before him, beside ihe breakfaBt ' "which > had' forgotten in the thonght of ; ' - Wiia unexpected good ' fortune. It was not e " ,'imtrte reakfaat. although Mr. Jenifer, at " -five-an orty. wae still only. a curate on a . Wtipiu . of £150 per anonm, for through the r era tr ;«rt of hie twenty years in holy : o . > rp hn had acted on the principle that it toe geve'btB time to the poor it was as we'thei '-ould expect, and eo if they called ParHou It-niter ' bard' and ' cioBe,' and pre ferred uoing to the Vjoar, why, that waa not hie fault. . His inheritance consisted in a good bouse «nd several hundreds a 'year, and he sat and -thought over the difference this_ would make in' hip future. No more for him the daily Wervice. read as part of the day's _ woik — -oo more visiting of thriftless, compiainine , muddling poor, with whom he was com pletely out of touch — in a word, no moie xfrudgerj ? Twenty .years of drudgery I That was what 'his life amounted to.. .Not for him the «pirit of love that eoftens and the high though '.3 that sanctity daily taakB; only the grudging ''gift of obligatory toil.' It was written on his face, in lines marked oy twenty years— no, not .quite twenty— he had than "a dozen 'yeara of ceconceR 'SwT." pining. D was a pity, too, for the face w->s -one of great possibilities, clouded over by the dullness of the heart that fails to see through the service the Master who ia served. Even now he had no regret for the kind old friend who bad left him a goodly share of his property ; no thought that the band which had ever been ready to help him and many another was helpless now henceforth ; on spirit of gratitude for this last loving gift— only a selfish pleasure in his own good lack, and a feeling of discontent that it had been bo long in coming. And thua thinking be rose aud went to aee hie Vicar to make arrangements for the visit to his -lawyer, which mast precede his taking poBBesBion of bis new inheritance. He found no difficulty in obtaining leave of absence for the purpose. The Vicar waa a kind and open-hearted man, and pleased at his curate's unexpected prosperity. ' Well, Jenifer,' he Baid, 'I am very glad for you, though you can't appreciate it as .-much as if you bad a wife and family de fending on you. All the same, you have my hearty congratulations.' ' Ah,' said Mr. Jeuifer, 'things generally come too late. Now, if this had happened . when I was ten years younger, what a differ ence it would. have uiade to me !' 1 But jour friend's life waa a very valuable one to many, was it not?' aaid the Vicar '' Fmk »I1 I have heard of him, I should -think that even now there will be plenty of people to Bay that the end has come ten years -too soon, rather than too lata' ' Why, he waa nearly ninety !' said Jenifer, as if the fact were rather a reproach to the old man. Then be hastened away to make his preparations for leaving. The Vicar's wife came in as the curate went out. She found her' husband gazing rather -Badly into the dull afreet ' Mary, ray dear,' ho said, ' it ia- my belief that after the miracles of the loaves and -fishes there were some among the 5,000 who .complained that the bread was stale- and the fish not so freBh as it might have been!' Meanwhile Clement Jenifer was speeding on to London to see bis lawyer. He found there waa one condition which he must fulfil before he could call himself master of house and income. Mr. Dacre had only willed WaterdeJl Hall to him under the proviso that be ahonld paaa one night iu the house entirely alone. . Mr. Jenifer laughed when this clause was read to him. ' That's net a very hard thing to do,' aaid he. 'But waB Mr. Dacre'a brain Boftening when be made hia will ?' 'Not at all,' answered the lawyer, shortly. ' Auyone who aaw Mr. Dacre in hia last hours will tell you that the dear old man's mind was aa clear to the end as in hia beat days When you go to Waterdell, you will not please your poor neighbours there if you suggest- to them that the man who was ao universally 6ufirt"tnM,lliS,SF?rfi4i.S?8ucrazyv Ibaveno deliver to you personally, will explain tee matter. - This was, however, not the case. The note was but a short one, and gave no reason for the testator's wish, except that he had in herited Waterdell Hall under the same stipulation, that he had ever been thankful for having carried it out, and hoped that, thongh hi ja friend Clement Jenifer was older than be himself had been when he came into the property (' for,' he wrote, witn a touch of his ordinary humour, 'I have been, like _„Charie» J «rUitr n-uying'), " yet that a solitary night paBeed in hia future home would prove as great a blessing to him &b; it bad been to the writer, and bo, without further explanation, signed himself his affectionate friend, Thomas Dacre. That was all. Clement Jenifer never liked being nude ridiculous, and he thought that this will went veiy near that possibility. Yet he_ could not lose hia inheritance for fear of being absurd, ao, after certain business instructions from the lawyer, he went to hiB hotel for that night, and next morning started for WaterdelL He put up at a little Inn in the nearest market town before pro- -ceeuing to hiB destination, where, the lawyer had informed him, he would find all thinge -. ia readiness to receive him for hia lonely vigil, if vigil it was to be. The inn waB full of the farmers of the neighbourhood come in to the raatket, and, after much discourse on grain aud turnips, the conversation, Mr. Jenifer found — he being, of course unknown — turned on the death of Mr. Dacre. 'They do any,' said one red-faced, grey- whiskered man of substantial appearance 'they do say that the ghost haB begun to walk again since the Squire's death.' ' Whatgho3t?' asked a younger man with an incredulous laugh, ' I never heard of a SjhoBt at Waterdell.-' ' No, you mayn't,' said the first man ; ' but I've heard tell from my father, times upon timeB, that before Squire Dacre come here there were a power of queer thingB seen and heaid at Waterdell ; and they Bay that eince he's dead they become back.' ' They say ; who Bays ?' asked a thin, weasel-faced farmer. -' Well, ray man Marvel for one ; he went serosa by the spinney last night, where he has been almost every evening these thirty year, and he swears that he Baw someone walking up and down the long path, and heard some awful noises ' ' Ah !' said the thin man, with a grant, ' Marvel al was 8 were a liar.' L'ar or no liar,' said the fat farmer rather angrily. 1 my father saw the ghoat himself Bixty j ears ago ; cften and often he has told me of it ; a»d I believe the old Squire knew of it too, for he never laughed or act ffed as some fools do (witb.$ significant sniff) when folk talked of ghoat'S. ' And so the talk drifted on to other mat ters, and Mr: Jenifer was left to content- plate another- element of absurdity intro duced into hisi well arranged commonplace existence, and felt quite angry at the thought that he of all men should, by the irony of fate, be brought into a ghost story. But as he had never had believed in ghosts, he did not mean to begin now ; and after inquiring his way to' Waterdell Hall he found that he. mast start at once if he wished to .teach there before nightfall. It was a bomewbat dull walk, which led bim at last along a narrow road ending in an abrupt descent. The high hedges on either side had lost their' summer beauty without yet gaining the glory of Bntumn ; the few rose- herries were sickly looking and withered and frosted with a whitish blight, and their leaves bang shivering on the twigs, while iu the fields beyond the evening mists were already rising. The road tamed sharply to the rignt, and then Waterdell Hall lay before its tuture owner. To a cheerful eye it might have seemed nestling in a bower of greenery ; but Jenifer, out of tune with things in general and tired with his walk, saw in its withdrawal from the high road a guilty seclusion from observation. Fonr tall Wellingtonias rose dat'k and solemn above the little wicket gate and cast a gloom over the garden patch, in which some late geraniuraa and petunias -only served by their touches of brilliant colour to accent nate the general melancholy. The . house itself, instead of boldly looking forth on the passers-by, turned its face away from the road, and had no proBpect bnt the little bit of garden and the four sentinel trees The door stood open and Mr. Jenifer entered a narrow passage where no welcoming footsteps came to meet hia own, only a " Virginian creeper, torn by the wind, tapped on the porch; otherwise all waa atiil. Mr Jenifer looked aronnd him for a moment and "then went through the silent house to the -chief si ttingroom. It was neither large nor -high, but it had that individual charm which -only age and years of occupation can 'give The old-fashioned mantel reached, 'with its dark, rich carvings, to the -ceiling, across which waa i massive oakjh beam, nearly black with age. The cfireIace, with it glaring logs, gave ont a cheerful glimmer, reflected in the small quarries of the window; opposite, over which bung a carved' scroll, whote inscription there wee not light' enough to -read. Mr. Jenifer brtathed a sigh of' relief at the comfortable appearance here; in contrast to thedepreeiiing aspect of the rest of the house; but instead of settling- himself (as he felt tempted to do) by the fire, be again went ont to look over the surrounding property. Behind, the ground, rose abruptly, and wee bounded by a closely growing coppice, through which a narrow path seemed to strike iu the direction of the village. The parson climbed the hill, having the coppice on his left, aud Btanding on the highest portion of the meadow, looked across the low hedge at the last pageant of the enn- eet. Some elm trees were silhouetted against the aky, athwart which lay bars of rosy flame, tender and evanescent. One moment the dying light leaped np brighter aud throbbed through all tbe buruiug heaven, and then suddeuly it died away, and the day done. Jenifer turned and looked at the hall. Already it seemed to be losing itself in the darkness which gathered around it, hiding in Che recesses of the gables, drawing curtains of miat over the twisted chimneys. The ailence, entire and absolute, struck almost with oppression on the mind of thia man accustomed to city noises; but even as he thought to himself, 1 How still it all is,' there Bounded in the coppice close behind him a long, Bobbing, moaning cry, which rose and fell, aud rose again, aud then ceased. uieiucm. j — ;rJF wft, n?t a particularly tender-hearted or compassionate man, bu' that sudden cry filled him with a vagne fear of some cruel deed just perpetrated — some awful mystery to be brought to light ; and after a moment's hesitation he turned in the direction whence it had seemed to come, and fonnd bimBelf on a long path, with a thick yew hedge on either side. Far ahead, iu the dim twilight, he could descry a figure walking slowly away from him ; he conic hear a moaning sound, as oi someone in pain. Mr. Jenifer hastened his pace iu order to come up with tbe sufferer, and as he gained on him and could Bee bim more dis tinctly, ic-aoemed to him thnr. tlierw o»,ui some-' thing familiar in the gait and bearing «f the unknown. And sb he thought bo the figure turned, and facing him, advanced with slow, uncertain fooi6tepa, wringing his hands ac he came. What waa it that struck Mr. Jenifer as bo well known to him? What was it that filled him with sudden horror, aud sent tbe blood back to his heart ? All tbe tales of ghosrs and haunting noises at which he had scoffed so lately recurred to hiB miud, aud yet there was nothing unearthly iu the aspect of any man who was approach ing him. And now they two stood face to face, and Clement Jenifer saw that this — he knew not what to call it — bore tbe face which, he himself had borne twenty years ago, and he kuew — though how he could riot tell — that he was standing face to face with tbe ghost of his own dead paBt. Then euened a conversation — strange, un natural — between theBe two, who still were one ; but whether the worde were uttered on the evening air or whether the knowledge of what was in the mind oi each was mutual to both, it were bard to say. ' Why do I haunt you !' said this deubli- of himself, gazing on him with reproachful eyes 1 Do not murdered victims haunt their slayers, and have not you murdered that which was tbe beBt part of me ? Where are the promises of your young dais ? Where are the aspirations, the desires after a higher life, the noble purpose with which my sonl was filled ? Dead — dead and buried beneath a crust of selfishness ?' ' Youthful follies,' answered Jenifer ; 'gone the way. of all such early fancies. Why do yon persecute me? Have I stolen, or murdered, or lived uncleanly? Have I not kept to my work and done it thoroughly, dis tasteful, as it is ?' ' ' It is true,' raid the other, ' the command ments you have not broken ; but where are the hearts you have helped to bind up ? How many have yon helped by your example? Rather, have you not by daily carelessness, by dryneaa of spirit, by perfunctory per formance of your duty, quenched the light that was, aye, God knows it was, in me ? And in doing so you have wounded many another. -There are - sinners who slay the body, but you have slain your own soul; and woe be to him of whom this can be said.' ' Jenifer laughed in scorn. ' Whpn T wh» whut.vou are all this would nan its terrors for me ; now i am not to w .".fiigbteued-with" false fire." I know what you are, who think to scare me thna— an illusion of the brain, a disturbance in the nervous system. Come daylight, and thiB will be as if it had never been.' But the other with the sad and youthful eyes looked at him in sorrow, and Baid : 'Even in your blindnesB you speak the truth ; for when you were as I am, ere the world had dimmed your eight, you would have seen the precipice on which you stand. Qh. hrAf,k«K ,«f -jw.u4oUT give up your dreams of a selfish future ; turn back while yet you may ; use the wealth that has come to you, not for yourself only, but for others. Redeem the time that is left to you, and bring to a happier second life the promises, the aspirations of jour youth.' ' Begone !' Baid Jenifer. ' If not an illusi jb, then you are an accomplice in eome con spiracy to betray me into a rash vow. Did you and the tild man who is in hiB grave plan it be' ween you, and laugh to think how you would scare your foolish dupe ? Away from me ! and do not hope to work your will, ' I have inherited, and I will enjoy !' ' Nay, then,' said his double, ' aee to what an end your enjoyment shall bring you. I, -i-hora you have destroyed, am what you were ; eee now what you shall be ' Then for one awful moment the parson knew that not only he himself stood there with the spirit of his once pure and earnest- hearted youth beside him, but a third and dreadful shape— himself as he Bhould be, if no hand of grace stayed his downward course. The lightuiug flash of awakened perception showed him his own old age, where that which he had called economy had grown Co avarice, where callousness bad become cruelty —discontent, envy — carelessness, impiety. He Baw himself, degraded, mean, despicable, bad, without affections, without tenderness without hope, and aa the horror of it swept, over him with resistless force, Clement Jenifer— the icy crust of years of life, for self- broken at last — fell upon his face, with the agonised cry of the Apostle of old, ' Who shall deliver me from the body of this de»th ?' When he came to himself he was in the quaint old eittingroom in his new home. The fire bad bnrned low and only dimly illuminated the room, but as he gitzed into the glowing entbers a hitherto unkindled log broke into flame, and as it leaped and flickered the scroll which he had bt-fore re marked and failed to decipher caught and threw back the yellow light, and Mr. Jenifer red in letters of gold the poet's words : Nor deem the Irrevocable past Aa wholly waeted, wholly vato, If.'rlvtdg on Ita wrecks, mt Iaal To someih'ng nobler a e attain. . He sank on his knees, and there in contri tion of spirit and anguish of soul dedicated anew to his Maker the years that should be granted to him, the wealth that he had in herited — himself, body, soul and spirit, for evermore- People said afterwards that prosperity had been good for Mr. Jenifer ; that it had made him softer, more compassionate, more tender. He alone knew that the vision be had seen had come only just in time to eave him from that ntter ruin of soul to which he was tend ing ; and when he thonght, as many a time he did, of that awful night, he bowed his head in contrite hnmilty, and gave thanks for the warning that bad been sent him — ' Temple Bar,' 