FORTY-NINE YEARS AGO, THE QUEEN'S CORONATION. X'orty-iuno ycm ago to-day nit ljondon ami his wife were taking patb in coronation demon- ntrations. Tho people hiul jviisftd through somewhat lroublo.<om» t itucs — the great R«- form Bill of 183'J haviug only t\ few years previous earned much |>olitical nvilRtwn — iml tho accession and curoualion ,o( tho young Quceu called forth tho brat feelings from Whig ns well as Tory. In Fnot, so groat wjui tho I'lithusiasin tlio |venple wcro said, to . bo "Coronation mad,".. It. was slated thnt somo previous coronations had superseded that of Victoria in gorgeous dis play aiid lavish ' oxixmditurc, but the interest slmwit by tho pooplo was very great.1 Thu Coroiuition of tho Queen cost tlio' nation L20.0Q0, more" than that of William IV.', but L173,000 less than tlmt of his mngnlficont' predecessor. Prior to tho 28th of Juuo thousands upon thousands of- jwoplo Wgan to nrrivo in London, no that hotel accommoda tion went up to fabulous prices. A descrip tion of Ihogrenb event telln us that "Every place along tho lino, from Itydo . Park Corner to tho Abbey, was flllnd with giillcrics or scaffolding— every, window, roof and balcony bankod with scat, and thronged. At dawn tho sleeping city was .roused by a salvo of artillery from tho Tower, and by r!x o'clock. streainB of people, all gaily attired, wcro filling tlio streets, mid strings of carriages poured in, as if all England meant to bo, in ton n that day. Just before ten o'clock tlio park guns announced thnt tho . Queen '.had entered hur carriage, n Royal Standard instantly .floating ovor tho now removed Murhlo Avch, 'whilo tho air was rent by tlio shouts of a mighty crowd ; the voice of a great pooplo full ot pro- phctiojay. Thoprooossion thuumovod onward." lhoStato coach uus drawn by eight cream- culoretl horses, attended by a yeoman of tlio guard nt cnch whei'l, and two footmen at each door,' tho Goldstick and tho Captain ot tho Yeomen of tho Guard riding on each side, attended by two grooms each ; it conveyed this Queen, who was attended by itiembors of tho nobility. Thu procession closed with h squadron of tlio Lifu Guards. . .. At the door of. Westminster . Abbey the Queen was received by the great Ministers of State, tho noblemen bearing tho regalia and ! tho bishops carrying the patina,, tho chalice, j and the Bible,; , Tho interior ' of the Abbey j meantime was a scouo of surpaRsing splendor, j Tlio galleries hnd'boen erected for the members ! of tho House of ' CommoiiH, thu Ambassadors, : Corporation, and ICnights of tlio Bath. I The floor of ; tho transcopts wast civered with lynches for tho Peers and Peeresses, the space behind was For spec-- tutors, who ;woro ticket-holders. Below tho- galleries were ranged lines of , Foot- Guards. ; Tho Queeu'd platform was under the central ' tower. It was covered with cloth of. gold, j and on it was tho thrumi. or chair of homage, ; facing tho altar. Within the altar-rails was ; St I'kUvnrd'sChair, enclosed witliin which istho ( Stono of Destiny, brought by Edirard I. from : Scone, on which' nil our sovereigns ! havo ' been' ' .crowned-' sinco his timu. ; A littlo after twelve the procession entered tho i choir. Tho Abboy, official, . lVebciularicp, i Dean, and Officers-at-Arms, thu Controller, Treasurer, ' Vice-Chanibcrlnin, and Lord Stoward of iter Majesty's Household ennuri first ; tho Lord Privy Seal, tlio Lord President, ! tho Lord Cliaucollor of -Ireland next; the: Peers followed, their coronets being cnivied bv ; jiagcs. ,'lho Treasurer boro tlio crimson bag; with the medals ; tho Vico- Chancollor had with him ah officer from the Jewel Office, bear ing on a eiuihiqn'tho-ruby ring, and Bio sword for an offering. :Thon caum the Archbishops) of Canterbury, York; and Armagh, , in thoiri robes, with the Lord Chancellor; then thu ' Princesses of tho blood royal ; tho Duchesses of Cambridge, Kent, and. Gloucester, iu robes of purplo velvet, with circlet of gold on tlieir : heads, tlieir trains held by tho daughters of' peers. . » ' - . . Tho Regalia camo next. The' Duke of j Roxburgh boro St. Edward's staff ; Lord 1 Byron thu gold spurs tlio Duke ot. Clovoland . the Kceptro with tho cross; the third sword i was boruo by tlio larqnis ;of Wot- minstcr;' Curtana was '. borno by tho! Duke of Devonshire ; tho second ; sword ' was liorno by tho Dnke of Sutherland ; each nobleman's coroiiob being carried by a page. ; Tho sceptre with tho dovo to borno by the Duko of Richmond, with liis(ugc aud cqronet, : St. Edward's crown was borno by tlio Dukb of ! Hainillon, Lord Hieh .Stoivnrd, attended by ! two iwgcs. Tho orb was borne by tlio Duke ! of Somerset, with page and coronet ; thepatma I by tho Bishop of Baugor;; tho -.Bible by .-tho Bishop of 'Winchester; tho chalice, by the' Bishop of- Lqndoii. ' . - ' Then came tho Queen between tho . Bishops 1 of' Durham,' aiul Bath ., and ' Wells, . with eenUemen-afc-nVma on ' each" side. Slio" was | dressed in a .robo of crimson velvet, furred with ermine and bordered with cold lace, and j sho woro tlio splendid collar of St.' George, of tho Bath, nud tho' Thistle ; ( a golden circlet was on her head. . Her train was borne by eight young beauties. Thou camo Ladies' of the Household, tho. Maids of Honor, .the! Gold Sticks, Captains of tho Royal Archer, i etc. \- As the Queen advanced to tho centre of tho choir ever ono roso and tho ; anthem " I was glad" was pealed forth by thc choristers1 Then' the young voices of Westminster boys j resd'as tlioy chanted "Yivnt Victoria Rcgina.", Midway between tho throub and tho nlt'ar a': chair liad been placed for the, Sovereign. Shoi knelt down by it ona fold stool, and for a few! minute was absorbed iii: silent praycri- ' Tho " recognition " coiumeiiced tho cero- mon'. Tho Archbishop, accompanied by tlio Lord Chancellor, thd Lord Chamberlain, nhu ' tho Earl Marshal of England advanced to the Queou, and presented Her Majesty first to the: people on tho east, saying, 14 Sirs, I hero pre-' sent you ucen Victoria; the undoubted Queen ( of this realm, wherefore all you who nro como . tliiq day to do your, homage, are you Willing to do, thOvSamo? " Tlio answer \ came in a BOlemn cry,- 41 God save the Queen I" j Tlio Archbishop and tho Sovereign in like inannor turnod to tho nortli, south nndWest,; tho Primnto reporting each timo: tho same for- ( nulla, and answered always by tho.sauio cry, 41 God savo thu.Quoen," . The Bishops than placed- tho Bible, patina, ; and : clmlico which they = carried on tho altar, ( and the Archbishops and Bishops who read ' tho -'Litany' put on their' cope.' Then thej Quocn,.. attended by. tlio ''Bishops of Durham, t and Bath and.Wells, and tho Dean of West-j minster,.- ' ; With modest graco". J Camo to tho altar, where eho kneeled ami, fialntttke, ' Cast her fair o.ves to heaven uml prayed devoutly,", 1 mnkinK tlicli liqr first offoriii|f1.ii irnll' or nUnv: clotri of Sold, wliioh wiw delivered by «n ofTirar: of tho Wnrdrobn'to tlio Lord Oliiunkorlain, niidj :by him to tlio Queen, who imwented .it to tlio. Archbisliop. Uxm laid by him on tbq -altar, j With tlio santo ceremony an ingot of gold of, ono liauiid vroiglit wan olTored by her Majesty,1, and placed by. the Archbishop in tlio ablution'- basin. Then the regalia was laid on tlio nltar,' and the Litnny was road. Tliis was: followed1 by tho Communion service and a sormon .train, tlio tiishop of .London,-' nftor- wliiolf tlio ..Queen took, her ''coronation oaths mi tlio Gospels . mid .signed, tliein, :i icneoling! afterwords nt. tlio1 altar wliiio tlio " .Vrni Creator' Spii-itus iviis siiiig ; and then fol lowed tlio solemn anointing and tlio priestly blessing. .Tho Qiieiih, sat in" KingHdwnrd's oiiair,, lour j\\.uigow oi ino uarter iiulua rich cloth of , gold over lier bead ; tho Bonn of .Westminster took tlio ampulla; from tho altar, . nt|d, poured soino of tlio roil it contained into tho alioiiiting.siioon j then tho Archbishop -'anointed tho licail 'and bands of tlio Queen, mm king there with tho sign of tlia cross, and pronounced tho words, "Bo thou anointed .with holy oil as kings, priests, and .prophets were anointed ; and as Solomon wns anointed king by Zudol; tho priest and Nathan tlio prophet, so bo tliou anointed, blessed, aiul consecrated Quceu over this people, whom tlio Lord thy God had givon tho to rulo and governj in tho nnino of tlio Father, nud tlio hen. and of tlio Holy Ghost. Amen," Tlio Archbishop tlicn said tlio blessing over lier. Tim spurn were presented by tho Lord Chnmlicrlain, and tlio sword of state by Vis count Melbourne, who, however, neconliiig to custom, redeemed it with a hundred shillings, mid carried it during the rest of tho ceremony. Tho investing with tlio royal robes followed ; then delivery of tho orb, nnd tho investiture by tlio ring mid sceptre. Tlio Coronation was now tube performed. Tlio Archbishop olTored up a prayer for lier Majesty. Tlio Dean of West minster took the crown from tlio altar ; . it was a small oao uiado on purpose for thnt royal, girlish head, Tlio Archbishop, supported bv the Arclibiuhops of York and Armngli nnd tlio Bishops, proceeded towards ilio Quoen, throned on tlio Stone of Destiny, and tho Archbishop reverently plsccd tlio Crown on her Majesty's head. ' Then tho poors and peeresses olso put on their coronets. Tho trumpets sounded ; tlio drums boat; tho Tower and Far): guns fired; and from all that brilliant throng went an an enthusiastic cry of " God savo tho Quocn 1" The Biblo was -then presonted to ths Queen, who returned it to tho Arch bishop, and by tlio Dean it was laid again on tho altar. Wlillo tlio To Deum was sung tlio Quocn wont botwoon tlio Bishops to hor first scat | and a lady who wan pre sent lias told us tlmt a bright ray of sunshine foil on tlia fair crowned hood at thai moment; and mado an aurcolo round tho oiilm; face, Hlia uu than enthroned, or lifted on Clip t lironn or clinir of homngo oh the tlvJ|n„„ , ' tlio Arohbishops and Bishops. Her lfm 1 delivered the scoptro . with cnVft J Lord of tlio Manor ol Worksop (tl,o Doko of Norfolk), whoso pnvilcgo it is to hold it - tho scoptro with tho stono to tlio D, Wf !»"' t0 huld durins lh Tlio first td render it was tlio Arelilii.hop of Can erbury who knelt nnd did homngo for Lorils- Bpiritnn,' . w!,o nil then kisJ ' Queen si, and. TI,o Dnkea of.S„s!« „1 Unibridgo,roniovingtheireoronotadidliomnJi Tlioy touched tlio crown on tjio Queen's hrc'f ' and kissed hor left cliook..lhen retired -pi, ' senior peers prouonnecd tho oath, hmi ki»,..l tlio Quceu-s baud.-. Whilo tlio poors dbi homage, tho Karl of Surrey, the Treasurer o tho Household, throw tlio coronation medals about tho galleries, where tlicv scrambled for. Tho Quocn thou wont lo ' nltnri took off lier crown, gave it |0 tho Lord Ohaiubcrliiii, to hold, Tho Quceu ,Imi t her offering of tho clmlico nnd patinn, nnd s put-so of gold, ltoi- Jtujosty then received tlio Sacrament- Tho poors nnd poorcssos took oil ' tlioii.1coronols when tho Queen removed ho 1 orown. Tlio Queou tlion resinned her sent on tho throne. Her Majesty wont to KIm Ldwanls olinpol, mid there delivered 1 10 , soeptro Willi ' (bo dovo i„ tlio Archbishop of Cnntorbni-y. sn, was thou 'disrobod or her inijieriid gnnuem of . tata, and nrrayed in her royal r„W o pnrplo velvet by tho Lord Chamberlain, tho Arohbwhop placed tho ori> in her Wi band. Tho golden spars nnd St. Kibvord'i sbiiT woro thou given to tho Deputy Dean ol ostmlnstw by the iioblus who boro tlicin, end mil by tho Dean on tho niter. Tlio fjui.m then walked lu tlio wost ilu.ir of tlio Abbov wourintf luir rrmvit flir. .1 . . , , 1 ' ,,,u '""i'"" mo cross in hor nght tho orb in h»r loft. Mr Grcviffu tells ns tliat there was a co„. tinuul difficulty and cmbarnuxmeut at thin ceremony, and thufc tho Queen never |;,„.vv what lii! \\\ft to do next. ,4Tii»y made |.,.v l»avo her clmir nud enter Bt. . i:dward,H CliajHsl beforo tho prayers wcro eonuhp 1 imioh to the diH'coinfitiivo of -Hit. A,eliliinC!'' . She aid to John Thyimo, 'JV.iv tell me vvilr -t am to do, for tliey-don-t know.' And wlm tlio orU WHS put into lier hand, she said tv hie ' Wliat am 1, to with it!' 'Your Jlvsiy h 111 carry it if you please iu your hand.'" 'Am 15 »ho Haul, 4 it is very hc-nvv.' ' " Tlio ruby ring was mado for ur 1% linger instoiid -of tho foiu-tli.mi which tlio ruhi-it prescribes tlmt it should bo put. Wlmn the Archbishop was putting it on slio oxt-nded t'o littlo linger, bill ho naked f...- ut|„.- said it was loo ainali, aud slio could in. p,,; j; on. JIu insisted, und-slni yi.-ld.-d, but had first to tako olf lier other rings, :uu I 1 1 , this was forced .m, but it hiirt her very niiieh( nnd us noon us tho uureinony was over slio was obliged to bailie lier linger 'in iced water to get ib off," . , lb wn« about a quarter to four when" tlio. ccrnnony cmiclmlcd, nnd tho prat'rtwion went haul: to the Palace. It thou pvej-rnted even a moro splendid appearance limn on its xvny to tlio Abbby, for the Queen wore her crown, and tho pccreasoa their coronots. Tim purplo velvet enp gleaming- with a masi of hrilliaiits, with hero and there a flashing ruby or nap. phlre, well became tho nmiden Queen, and the peopta were delighted when they raw tho beauti ful Duchcssof Sutherland trytugtonrrang«f>omn of tho Queen' fiiir hnir, which had been dia- Tho Htrects were - literally "paved with heads," wo arc told ; every window, balcony, uiul roof ou the route was crowded. 