NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. Lee has left, Sugar bounties. Mail steamer in. Ameer's troops routed. Roll up, Whinhamites. Champagne popularity. Imperial Conference over. Delegates at Windsor Castle. Did Parnell write that letter No Federal Council until 1888. English mails delivered to-day. Will the "Escaped Nun" reply? Football season starts to-morrow. Another banquet to the delegates. Hartington accuses the Parnellites. Showers of addresses to the Queen. The interior must be a big lake now. St. Peters management to be amended. Mr, Bonnin is surprised at Mr. Moule. The Queen congratulates the delegates. "No opium, no gambling, no bad words." A Gladstone bag and the proverbial bricks. Rally round the old college, red and blacks. The volunteers are to have a change of uni- form. Bishop Goe co-operating with other denomi- nations. Dr. Cockburn denies having changed his opinions. Business men once more "had" by a swindler. The Tonga outrages have come before the Commons. In Sydney the Chinese have established a Y.M.C.A. A lot of stuff by the mail steamer for the Exhibition. The Catholic Monthly is rough on the "Es- caped Nun." Sir Samuel wants more people producing from the soil. Now then, old scholars, show your loyalty to your old college. A patent beer extractor would be useful at the police station. Mr. F. Johnson has formed a Ministry in the Union Parliament. If England doesn't soon interfere in Afghani- stan, the Russians will. "Chas. Rose" must write a letter about the Boolcunda Creek ghost. Writing letters to the papers is only a way of advertising one's self. Kemp and Matterson going to pull "each other" on the Paramatta. The noise of Mr. Ford's carpenters was too much for Champagne Lee. Will Leather's patent beer extractor extract the liquor from inebriates? Sir Ennery was too busy to consider the Hon. W. C. Buik's proposal. Mr. Proud has a high opinion of the late Waid-Beecher as an orator. Changes in the captaincy of the Adelaide Steamship Company's steamers. With a taking uniform the volunteer force would be the strongest in the colony. Champagne and gold watches were flying around, and so were valueless cheques. Meetings are being held all over the country with reference to the Jubilee celebration. Spain purchased a coaling station on the coast of Africa—a stronger power would take it. Meeting of old scholars of Whinham College at 8 o'clock this evening. There will be a crowded hall. All modern high explosives are now almost universally exploded by the agency of elec- tricity. Mrs. Mary Mapes Dodge has resumed the editorship of St. Nicholas at a salary of £1,000 a year. Ninety miles in a boat in the interior—that's the way they have to get the mail through to Birdsviile. A performing bear has recently been creating a sensation in Wanganui, especially amongst the Maoris. Will the delegates accept the patronage of loyalty for themselves or for the nation of Australasia. It is proposed to carry out a scheme of tech- nical education in connection witti the Canter- bury College. The Anglo-Russian Commission on the Afghanistan boundary question have arrived at no decision. Steel may be bronzed by covering it with olive oil and exposing to the steam of a kettle of boiling water. Sir Julius Vogel's Women's Suffrage Bill was prepared two years ago. It places women on the same footing as men. According to a Nelson paper Miss Houston, connected with the Hall poisoning cases, is going to live with a doctor there. Lytton Edward Sothern, actor, son of the late E. A. Sothern (Dundreary), died in New York, March 11, of peritonitis. A patent has been taken out in Germany for an apparatus producing artificial fog, which surrounds plants and protects them from frost. John Bright, Dr. Parker, Charles Spurgeon, Morley Punchon, and Charles Bradlaugh— that's the combination Mr. Proud found ia Ward-Beecher. Her Majesty has arranged to attend a thanksgiving service at Westminster Abbey on June 21, and the day will be observed as a general holiday. Messrs. Macmillan announce a memoir of Sir Peter Scratchley, the first High Commissioner of New Guinea, with a full account of his sys- tem of colonial defence. The late M. Paul Bert is said to have left a very remarkable work on the manners and customs of the Far East. It is, it seems, to be published without delay. Italy will appoint a resident salaried repre- sentative of the fine arts at Athens, who will collect inscriptions and make reports on an- tiquities and new discoveries. A quantity of melanite, the new French ex- plosive, has been stolen from the Government powder mill at Sevran. The affair has caused great sensation in military circles. Lord Tennyson has written a morning and an evening hymn for the boys of the Gordon Home, near Portsmouth, which is succeeding well under the management of General Tyndall. An immense canvas, 115 meters long by 15 meters wide, representing "The Destruction of Pompeii," is being exhibited in Amster- dam. The painter is an Italian by the name of Castaloni. The census of France for 1886 shows a total population of 38,218,903, against 37,672,048 in 1881\. The population of Paris has increased only 75,000, against an increase of 280,000 re- corded in 1881. The General of the Jesuits reports that thae order is now 350 years old, has furnished 248 saints, 1,500 martyrs, 13 popes, 60 cardinals, 4,000 archbishops, 6,000 authors, and now numbers 2,500 missionaries. The Queen purposes holding two courts at Buckingham Palace during the Jubilee week, but the attendance will be restricted to per- sonages invited by the Lord Chamberlain, On June 22 there will be a State concert at the palace. A lot of navvies at Eketahuna, N.Z., were all taken ill lately after dinner, and sent 30 miles for a doctor, thinking they had all been poisoned. He rode 30 miles in the dark, and found that a packet of washing powder had been used in a pudding instead of baking powder. 