MORWELL RACES. £SI'ECIAT. RKI'OUR.J The summer Wieetm:f .if tlie Monvcll Haw Club came off on Boxing Dav, under the favorable auspices of bright and genial weather. The attendance was consequently large, all the surrounding district from Mirboo to Traralgon being well represented. The Club had drawn up a liberal programme of eight events, and the racing as a whole was very good, the only hitch occurring in the Publican's Purse, when, the runuiug of Little Buck was ^regarded with considerable suspicion, which was loudlv cxpressed by his uulueky backers. The arrangements «ere throughout well in hand, and we must bear our testimony to the assiduity and fidelity with which the various officials discharged their several duties. They were—Stewards : Messrs Laidlaw, Cavanagh, Waidon, Donaldson, Tulloch, O'Connor, and Xind. judge : Mr Auchterlonie ; starter : Mr T. Welch: clerk of scales : Mr J. Donaldson ; clerk of course : Mr J. Jensen : lion. sec. : Mr J. Harris. The racin: commenced at one o'clock with the MAIDEN PLATE Of 7 snvs. ; distance, about one mile and a quarter. Mr Rawlings Ethel Hawthorn. Sst., " (Bnrham) Mr Cricliton's Amicea. 9st.31b;(Chirgwin) Mr Scarlett's Achilles, 9st. 3lb. (Scarlett) Mr Alfred's ISarmaid. 9sr. 311». (Alfred) 0 Mr E. Shiel's Impudence. Sst. (CJew.s) 0 Betting : 3 to I Ethel Hawthorn. 5 to Barmaid. 6 to 1 Archillc*. Amicea led the running, waited on by the favorite and Itarmaid. The Traralgon horse kept her position and was shaping grandly on passing the post the first round, and it was evident that whoever beat lier had their work cut out. EtJtel Hawthorn still kept second place, but Barmaid had dropped completely behind, Impudence and Achilles occu* pying third and fourth positions. At the back of the course B.^rhain calletl on tlie favorite, who challèiiged Amicea, as also did Impudence, but the hitterstumblins was thrown out of the coutest. After a capital race home, Ethel Hawthorn landed first by several lengths before Amicea, who had also a clean lead of Archilles, Jiarmaid being a long way at the tail, cutting up very shabbily. PUBLICAN'S PURSE. Of JO SOYS. ; distance, alxiut one itiile and a hall Sir O. Earl's Vixen. 11st. Ifllh. (Scarlett) I Mr U. Earl's Little Buck, list 1011». (Earlc) 2 Mr Russell's Chance. KM. ribs. (Keldav) 0 Herring : Even on Little Ruck. 3 to 1 Chance. The favorite cut out the runniug for ïialf the course, when Vixen drew on him, and getting into the straight, obtained the lead. Amidst, considerable excitement she won by four lengths, but it looked very suspicions jockeying on the part of his rider, who was loudly "boohed" on going to weigh in. Soute body shouted that either horse or rider hiid b'jen "dosed," perhaps both, a«d «no indigna lit individual advised Earle to " cut the horse's throat and then hang himself." Xo protest was, however, lodged. Chance never had a show iu the race. MORWELL HANDICAP Of twenty suvs.. with a sweep of 10s. to be jiaul by acceptors, to s" t.» newud horse; distance, about two miles. Mr SheilV b g Impudence. 7s r. 11 lb. (Clews) 1 , Mr Kettgh's b m Coralie, 7st. 131b. (Kishcr) 2 Mr S..eil"s b <r Vain Hojw 8st 61b. fR. Rice) 3 Mr Amiet's ch m Truc Love. Sst. 5lb. Semple 0 Mr Crichtou's b m Amicea 7st 121b Chitgwin 0 Mr LYOIIV h M ltrown Rose 7st 71b A. Rice 0 Mr Uawling's b m Ethel Hawthorn 7st 81b M-.Donald 0 Betting-: Even on Brown Rose. 2toi ou Coralie. 3 to 1 Impudence, Ethel Hawthorn and Vain Hope, 4 to 1 Amicea, 3 to 1 Vain Hope. After some difficulty Welsh got tlie lot away to a fair start. Impudence leading, with Vain Hoj>e close on his Hank, who got the lead before the judges box was first passed, Coralie being second and Ethel Hawthorn third, the others close in a pack. At the next turn, however, the favorite had the misfortune to stumble in a crab hole, throwing her rider heavily. From this poiut Impudence began to look dangerous as lie shot ahead, and though Coralie did her liest to overhaul him in the straight a splendid race home resulted in favor of the gelding by two leugths, Vain Hope lieiug a bad third, with Ethel Hawthorn close up. Contrasted with the winner's performance iu the Maiden, her victory was a decided surprise, but Clews said lie would have won that too but for his slipping down. On the unfortunate rider of Brown Rose being brought to the paddock, it was found that, his left collar-bone had been severely fractured by the fall. Dr Pendergast., of Melbourne, happened to be on the ground, and he paid Master Rice eveiy possible attention and dressed the injury. TROT. Of 7 SOYS., with a sweep of 3s to be paid bv acceptors. to go to second horse ; weight II stone. Mr Nichol's Moffat fiOOrds ... Bops 1 Mr Lamont'fi Orphan Ch'rl, 400, owner ... 2 Mr Laidlaw's Hogsui'e Ghost, 800. Earle 3 Mr CoucaiinanV Royal Fenian. 600, Martin 0 Mr Dnnstan's b m Dtinstan. 700 yards 0 Betting : Even on Hogan's Ghost* 2 to 1 Moffat and Royal Fenian. The distance was three times rouud the course, and before tlie first lap Moffatt had' declared his superiority by nearly overtaking the favorite, Mr Concannan's horse being third, and Orphan Giri fourth, Dunstan being altogether out of it even at this early time. Moffatt continued to improve, and ere the second lap he led the Ghost- by 40 yards, Orphan Girl collaring the favorite in turn, gradually drawing up and getting second position. Moffat increased his advantage, and eventually won, hands down, by 150 yards from Orphan Girl, the.unfoitunate Ghost (which came in for a good deal of chaffing) being nearly that distance in the rear for third LADIES' BEACLET Value, 10 SOYS. ; distance, about a mile anda half. Mrs Lyon's b m Brown Ros°, llBtlOlbs F.Rice 1 Mrs Keogh's b m Coralie 11 st 101b Breed 2 Mies Porter's Peter, list lOlbs. Bovs ... 3 Miss Blair's b m Ladybird, list l'olb Alfreds 0 Miss Earl's ch m Beeswing list lOlbs Earle 0 Retting : Even on Btnwn Rose and Coratie. 3 to I Peter and Beeswing. \- Ladybird led off, with Brown Rose next, Peter third and Beeswing last. The two first-shamed raced " neck "and neck for some dispute, but eventually the Rose got the leâd ? and on passing down the straight; f»;r the first time she had six lengths in' hand with a tight rein on, Peter being t'iird. Breed here called on Coralie and .topk second position, but he could hot overtake Frank. At the hack of the course it was evidently only these two in it, and a splendid race ensued for the mastery, but Brown Rose maintained her ground and won fully by three lengths. Peter was a long way behind for third, with Beeswing fourth. HURDLE RACE, Of 15 SOYS, with a sweep of Ts «d to be paid 1by acceptors, • » « tto go —rt to secind 3 horse « ; T. dis tance, about two miles and a quarter. Mr Griggs b g Concord lOst lOlbs Breed Mr Ridgeway'.s Jim list Slbs. Hig"s Mr Xeil's ch m Beeswing 11st 21bsïower Mr Scarlett's b g Achille» lost Slbs, Scariart Mr Baker's b h Eœergo 9st filhs, Borliain Mr Laidlaw's h b Saiioi lost albs, Drevilaw t) Betting : 2 to I Concord and Beeswing. 3 to I. Sailor and Ema-go. 4 îo I Achilles. On t .e dropping of the flag Achilles was away first, Concord second, Sailor tliird, and Euiergo fourth. Sailor soon put ou a spurt and showed the rest his heels, but before reaching the stand Jim had taken first place, closely waited on by Concord, Beeswing, and Emergo, Archilles iiaviug fallen at the first flight of hurdles. The second time round, Sailor made another gallant effort in the straight, and passed all tlie leaders amidst cheers, but he failed to keep up the pace and Jim again got his breast iu front. At the back of the course W Jim. Concord, and Beeswing sattled down iu earnest, but Concord proved to be die best of the trio, and won by a length from Jim, after a capital race. The win wa> a popular one. POXV RACE, Of £3 3s ; for ponies 13.2 and .under ; distance, about J-milc. Mr Hearty's ch m Sit Up 7st Slbs M'Kilorick Mr Scarlett's b m Sweetheart 7st 3lb P. Scarlett Mr ScauL m's ch m Little Annie -7st, Quiglcy 3 Mr Kealev's b g Joker «st 71b McGuiuess" o Bettiny: 2 to I Sweetheart and Joker. Sweetheart led, with Joker second and Little Annie third, but before the. first rouud Sweetheart mid fallen into third place. Passing the straiglit, Sit Up came forward aud took the lead, Little Annie being sccoiid aud Joker last. They finished iu this order, Sit Up winning by half-a-dozen lengths from Little \unie. in weighing iu, however, the latter was disqualified as being above the sjtecified height, and. second place was given to Sweetheart. CONSOLATION STAKES, Of ."» sovs. : distance alwut one mile and-a halt « j Mr Cricliton's Amicea. 8st 71bs, Çliirçjwin '1 Mr Kcozh'sCoralie. lost. Breed 2 Mr Earie's Little Buck, list 1U1U Jones... 3 Mr Russell's Chance, 7st ... o Mr Porter's Peter, 8st 41bs. Keelcy 0 Mr Blair's Ladybird, Kst 31bs, Fisher ... 0 Betting: Even Coralie, 2 to 1 Ladybird aud Little Buck, 3 to 1 Atnicea. .\micea dashed off with the lead from Coralie, the two having a splendid race from the very beginning, and coming down the straight they were ncck to neck. Chirgwin called on his pretty little mare and she shot slightly ahead aud increased her advantage for more than half-way round. Coming home Breed put Conilte on her mettle, but It was too late, and after the grandest race of the day Amicea won on the post by .a neck. 