ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. TOM BOWLING. Rtvistd Edition. IBY AB ORIGINAL.] With an apology to Dibdin's Ghost. Bon est Tom, the sailors named him, In their language warm; Like a Riant Mature framed him With a massive form; And his word, aye# when 'twas spoken, Seldom was it changed or broken, And to cross him was a token Of impending storm. Many years he trod the vessel, And in ail degrees- Mate or common tar—he'd wrestle With the rolling seas ; At the wheel be took his station, Begul&tiog; each gyration. While the landsmen of the nation Lay at home at ease. Bat one day, while he was steering Far away from dock. Neither ill nor evil learing, Ban upon a rock. On the hidden rock called Thow, and Store the gallant vessel's bow, and Then enaned a jolly row, and Then a " short, sharp, shock " For the language got inflated i. With full many a blank. And poor Tom was quick disrated To a seaman's rank; And his wages they denied him, No more baccy they supplied, And the grog with which they plied him Came from out the tank. Wfcen at length the voyage finished, Tom, on shore a^ain, With his courage undiminished— Ufe without a stain— Sought the owners of the ship, they Wouldn't give him another trip, they Sacked him. A ud tars from every lip,.they Chanted this relriin ;— ere a sheer bulb lies poor Tom Bowling; The Hariiiig of our crew ; Ho more he'll hear the storm-winds howling, Bast Torrena has hove him to. Bis form was of the manliest beauty, Bis heart was brave and stout. Faithful to all he did his dnty. But now they've thrown him out. Tom never from his word departed— His virtues were so rare ; His friends were many and kind-hearted And he was always fair. And then he sang his songs so jolly At many a lively ront; But mirth has turned to melancholy, For now they've thrown him out. Yet Bhall poor Tom find pleasant weather When th' Governor's commands Shall give, to call the crew together, The word to pipe all hands. And when they're hauling op the anchor Old Tom will be about, As well as the tinker or the " banker," Though they ha<ve thrown him out. Here's another daring instance of democracy (writes oar correspondent Hagh Kaiyptaa), coming right oa the track of Mr. Henry Taylor's denunciation of the Queen and the Hoyal Family—the scalp-hunters of Darien have actually dared to aeize the Governor's dog for being without a disc, and the animal was hanled off to dnrance vile in the Corporation Yard. The stalwart soldiers at the guardhouse dare not rescue him, and the vicerezal dog was doomed to the ignominious fate of a street cur. Here is another crushing blow at monarchy. Will the startling news be flashed home in return for the intelligence of the Nihilistic conspiracy to assusinate the Czar of.Russia? No arrests have ;been reported in Adelaide, jet the conspirators who dared to commit this outrage upon the Governor's dog are still at large, but when they are arrested it may turn ont that the ramifications of the conspiracy are wide spread. Who knows that it may not have been contemplated to abduct the Governor's cat! It is time General Owen mustered his army of two (himself included), and combined with the police force, to crash this dreadful plot in the bud. Unfortunately we have no Siberia here, but all those concerned in this political combination to overthrow the monarchy, and of which the Governor's dog was very nearly the victim, could be sent to Hergott. The punishment would not be too severe for the offence. We should ;never have parted with loyal D, C. F. Moodie and his historical cane. Wonld Henry Taylor have dared to condemn the Queen and all the Rjyal Family if Moodie's avenging arm had hung suspended over him. In the days of gay King Charles the Second a man was hanged for jokingly remarking at the approach of dinner that he would "take a chop at the King's Head," but Henry Taylor had not the excuse of his sentiment being an after-dinner speech. Go slow and bank the fires of your Republican soul, Henry Taylor, or you may have Duucan Campbell Frazer Moodie making a special voyage from South Africa with a bodyguard oi Zalus to inflict the penalty of your disloyalty. A man was brought up on an unsatisfk i judgment the other day and demanded iaro months to pay the money in. tie was asked where he lived, and he said, " The other side of Teetnlpa." Counsel said that it would be hard to get at the defendant so far away, but a witty brother remarked, "He must be a sood mark, (for a gold mine stands betwe?i him and his creditors," Years ago, when the number of colonists who tendered for Government supplies was very much less than at presaut, an amusing incident occurred in connection with a good old pioneer, who has since joined the great majority. Among other things tenders were called for 100 kitchen meat tripods. The contractor tendering for all the other things thought he might as well include the tripods. He had no idea what the articles -were nor of their cost, bnt considered it safe to tender at the rate of 7s. 61. each. He did so, and the tender was accepted, and he found that tripods were meat stands, and he bought them for 4£d. each. 