METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. It may not be, I think it ia net, gener ally known, that the police constables who parade up and down at I he intersections of the Melbourne streets, keeping vehicles out of the way of tramcars, are not paid eveu a portion of their silarirs by the company to. which they render such signal sorvice. The public seen? to have a happy belief that whenever constables are sent to assist in keeping onier where private individuals ore concerned, a nice sum is paid to the Govern ment funds. This is njt the ease in this ins'anco, and there are few who will not wonder at so much attention being given to a largo company, for which the poor tax payer ha? to pay. The returned colonists who were fortunate enough to share the hospitalities of the British aristocracy during the period of the Indo-Coloaial exhibition, (i ivo a story,, .jn fact several stories, to tell of the which the interests of Victoria were repre sented at the greet show. Ministers of the crown, gentlemen holding bigh officials and professional positions in Victoria, were to be seen cooling their heels in the ante-chamber of the President and Secretary, who dis pensed invitations to the bouses of t henobility and gentry, with u discriminating fare that left almost everyone out in the cold, exccpta chosen few who were " of our sot." The resident being of weak health., and having lost heart early in the day owing to Mr. Berry taking the ff.C.M.O. ship away from him, allowed things to take their courso, and handed the entire management over to his Secretary, who undertook to do the honours wish a lavish profession that would have done credit to a young duke. A Victorian lady who had accompanied her bu^basd to the sceno of festivities, remarked to a friend of mine, " Well, my husband is supposed to be worth at least £50,000 and holds a fore most position in the colony, but be could Hot afford to give me a new dross for every dinnerparty and ball to which the Colonists have been invited, yet Mrs. can do it, and ber husband has only a small salary." '• TeB," was iho rejoinder, '• but it makes all the differen e if the grandeur forms a portion of the expenses of tho exhibition." A now form of snobbory baB developed lately in Melbourne society. It is in the matter of nomenclatures. The idea is to give babies a variety of christian names, whioh are borrowed from individuals towards whom the happy father shows all that grati tude which springs from a lively sense of future favors in the shape of silver rings and presents, suitable to certain little .domestic events, about which old oruaty bachelors are not supposed to know anything. A Govern ment official, employed in the Legislative Chambers, being desirous of paying a com pliment to his friends, christened his child MaoBain Willoughby Snooks. In theTreas , ury a cute clerk asked and obtained permis sion to designate his offspring Gillies Coali tion Baggs. Anot'-er aspiring understrapper got Mr. Bosisto to stand godfather for a younster who will be known in history as Bosisto Eucalyptus Brown. All tbo changes are said to have been rung by enthusiastic Liberals who pun Mr. Berry's name, and there can be no doubt that it affords great scope for variety, not for telling dogberry, gooseberry, mulberry, strawberry, raspberry, but Willoughby MacBain Snooks takes the " cake. Ab»ut three years ago it became apparent that a wholesale system of fraud was being perpetrated at one of the suburban railway stations. Without arousing suspicion that anything was supposed to be wrong, a smart stationmaster was drafted down from the country and placed in charge with instruc tions that he was to trace the theft. In tho course of a few weeks he succeeded in dit " covering as prettily worked a swindle as could be conceived. The little affair was Worked-by two individuals who had the handling of tho tickets, and it was of courso I ' immediately i iposed, but as tho offence was I . difficult of proof, somehow the commissioners , . did not push matters to an extremity. The stationmaster, however, has ever since been j a marked man by his co- officials, on one oc casion he happened to step across the street when an express flew by. Tne porter on dot/ telegraphed to the commissioners. "Ex prtss gone by, 110 responsible - officer on the station." Inquiry and admonition ensued. Last week the same stationmaster was bailed up wuile travelling on the line. He was f und in a Grst-class carnage with a second class liokot. Erport forwarded. It was made to appear that the supposed delinquent not only travelled himself on tho lice contrary to tho regulations, but that ho had a woman with him. But it turned out (hat ho was unaccompanied, and that ho had paid for a first-chvES, although in a mistnkn, he had been handed a second class ticket. What a sweet and sultry tirao of it must that etationmaster enjoy. Moral—don't p'.ay the pimp even for a commissioner. The detectives aro paid for it, and they shou'd be made to do the dirty work of the depr-tment. Tulk about the three black crows. A few nights ago, in one of the suburbs, a shop keeper and his wife went to the theatre, leaving tho house and an infant child in tho care of :i nurse girl, soma 15 years of age. About nine o'clock screams were heard pro ceeding from the shop, and suddenly tho girl npprured with the infant in a state of terror, yi'lling vociferoUily, and stating that robbers had broken in and were ransacking tho plnce. Having handed over the baby, she elnmmed the door, which closed with a catch, and ran off. A crowd immediately coll cted. The police soon arrived, and tho greatest excilomeut prevailed. At length someone on the street shouted out, " Ther. 's the burglars getting out on the roof by tho skylight. Tho street by this time was thronged with people, so much so that the 'buses could not pass, and bad to remain standing while an effort was made obtain to Udder* to reach the rouf. Two were got and placed against tho wall, but the constables declined to mount. The orowd thereupon began to hoot and taunt tbf>jn, and crie.» of "shame" came from all directions. Assist ance having been procured from tho station, the front door was broken open. Tho shop was found to be empty and inta«t. Wi'li difficulty tho crowd could be kept back, wjiile the police Bearchcd the premises from cellar to roof, wi'h the result that there wa< not even the ghost of a burglar to he dis covered. After about two hours of fooling the nursegirl was caught and questioned, when the stated that she had heard a noi-o and thought that there might be burglars in the house. 