ALLAN QUATEEHAIN being an account of JUS further adventures and discoveries in company witii sir henrt curtis, bart., caftain soils good, r.n. , and one umslofogaas. (Bt H. Rider Haggard, Aurnoit of "Kino Solomon's Mines," "Dawn," &c.; Ex Africa semper ajiquid nori. Ciiafter XV. — Sorais' SoNo. — (Continued). In reply Sir Henry said drviy that ho had thought she did not look quite herself on that dav, whereat she flashed oue of those quick glances of hers at him, which, if he had the feel ings of a man, must have gone throngh him liko a kuife, and tho subject dropped entirely. Indeed, after supper was over Nyleptha con descended to put us through an examination to see what wo had learnt, and to express herself well satis&cd; with tho results. Indeed, she proceeded to give ns, especially Sir Henry, a lesson on her own account, and very interesting wo found it. And all tho while that wo talked, or rather tried to talk, nnd laughed, Sorais would sit thero in her carven ivory chair, and look at us and read ns all like a book, only from time to time saying a few word3, aud smiling that quick ominous smilo of hers, whicli was moro liko a flash of summer lightning on a dark cloud than any- thing else. And as near to her as ho dared would sit Good, worshipping throngh his eye glass, for ho really was gotting seriously devoted to this somhro beauty, of whom, speak ing personally, I felt terribly afraid. I watched her keenly, and soon I found out that for ail her apparent impassibility sho was at heait bitterly jealous of Nyleptha. Another thing I found out, and tho discovery flllcd mo with dismay, and that was, that sho also was grow ing devoted to Sir Henry Curtis. Of courso I could not ho suro ; it is not easy to read so cold and haughty a woman, but I noticed one or two little things, and as elephant hunters know; dried grass shows which way tho wind has set. And so another three months passed over us; by which time we had ail attained to a very considerable mastery of tho Zu-Vendi language, which is an cas one to learn. And as the time went on wo became great favorites with the people, and oven with the courticra, gaining an enormous reputation for cleverness, because, as 1 think I havo said, Sir Henry was abio to show them how to make glass, which was a national want, aud also, by tho help of a twenty-year almanac that wo had with us, to predict various heavenly combina tions which were quite unsuspected by the native astronomers. Wo oven succeeded in demonstrating tho principlo of tho steam- engine to a gathering of tho learned men, who wero filled with amnzoraent ; and several olher things of tho samo sort wo did. And so it camo about tlrat tho people mado up tlieir minds that wo must on no account bo allowed to go out of tho country (which indeed was an apparent iinpossiblity, otcq if wo had wished it), and wo were advanced to great honor and made officors of the bodyguards of tho sister Queens, whilo permanent quarters wero assigned to ns in tho palace, and our opinion was asked 0£)bn qnestions of national policy. But blue as the sky seemed there was a cloud, and a big one, on tho horizon. Wo had indeed heard no more of those confounded hippopotami, but it is not on that account to be supposed that our sacrilege was forgotten, or tho enmity of tho great and powerful priesthood headed by Agon appeased. On tho contrary, itwas burning tho moro fiercely becauso it was necessarily sup pressed, and what hud perhaps begun in bigotry was ending in downright direct hatred horn of jeulousy. Hitherto, tho priests had been tho wise men of the land, and were on this account, as well as from superstitious causes, looked on with peculiar veneration. But our arrival with our outlandish wisdom and our strango inventions anil hints of unimagined tilings, dealt a serious blow to this stato of affairs, nud to uso vulgar language, went far towards upsetting the sacerdotal apple-cart. A still worse affront to them, however, was tho favor with which we wero regarded, and the trust that was reposed in us. All theso tilings tended to mako us oxcessivoiy obnoxious to tho great priestly clan, tho most powerful becauso the most united faction in the kingoin. . Another source of immiucut danger to us was the rising envy of some of the great lords headed by Nasta, whoso antagonism to us had at best been but thinly veiled, and which now threatened to break out into open flame, Nasta had for some years been a candidate for Ny- leptha's hand iu marriage, aud when we ap peared on tho scene I fancy, from all I could gather, that though there were still many obstacles in his path, success was by no means out of his reach. But now all this had changed ; the coy Nyleptha smiled no more in his direction, and lie was not flow to guess tho cause. Infuriated anil alarmed he turned his attoutiun to Sorais, only to find that ho might as well try to woo a moun tain sido. With a bitter jest or two about his fickleness, tho door was closed on him for ever. So Nasta bethought him of tho 30,000 wild swordsmen who would pour down at his bidding through tho northern mountain passes, and no doubt vowed to adorn the gates of Milosis with our heads. But first he determined, as we learned, to make one moro attempt and lo demand the hand of Nyleptha in the open Court after the formal annual ceremony of tho signihg of the laws that had been proclaimed by tho Queens during tbe year. Of this astounding fact Nyleptha heard with simulated ' nonchalance, aud with a little trembling of tho voico herself informed us of it as we sat at supper on tho night preceding the great ceremony of law signing. Sir Henry bit his lip, and do what ho conid to prevent it plainly showed liis agitation, "And what answer will the Queen be pleased to givo to tho great Lord," asked I, in a jesting manner. " Answer, Macumazohn? "(for we had elected to pass by our Zulu names iu Zu-Vendis), she said, with a pretty shrng of her ivory shonlder, "Nay, I know not ; what is a poor woman to do, when tho wooer has 30,000 swords whero- wtth to urge his love !" nnd from under her long lashes she glnnced at Curtis. J ust then wo rosu from tho table to adjourn into another room. " Quatennain, a word, quick," said Sir Henry .to me. "Listen; I havo never spoken about it, but surely you have guessed I lovo Nylcptba. What am I to do?" Fortunately, I had moro or less already taken tho question into consideration, and was, therefore, able to give 6uch answor as seemed tho wisest to me. " You must speak to Nyleptha to-night," I said. "Now is your time, now or never. Listen ; in the sitting room get near to her, aud whisper to her to meet you at midnight by tho Rademas statute at tho end of tho great hall. I will keep watch for you there. Now or never, Curtis." We passed on into tho other room. Nyleptha was sittiug, her hands before her, and a sad anxious look upon her lovely face. A little way off was Sorais talking to Good in her slow- measured tones. The time went on ; in another quarter of an hour I knew that, according to their habit, the Queens would retire. As yet, Sir Henry had had no chance -of saying a word in private ; in deed, although we saw inncb of the royal sisters, it was by no means easy to see them alone. I racked my brains, and at last an idea came to me. " Will tho Qneen bo pleased," I said, bowing low before Sorais, " to sing unto her servants ? Our hearts aro heavy, this night ; Bing to us, oh Lady of the Night" (Sorais' favorite name among tbe people). " My songs, Macnmaz&hn;, are not snch as to lighten tho heavy heart, yet wiH I sing if it pleases thee," she answered, and sho roso and went a few paces to -a table, whereon lay an instrument not unlike a zithor, and struck a few wandering chords. Then suddenly, liko the notes of soma deep throated bird, her rounded voice rang out in 6ong so wildly sweet, and yet with so weird and sad a refrain that it mado tho veiy blood stand still. Up, np soared tho golden notes, that seemed to melt far away, and then to grow again and travel on, laden with all tho sorrow of the world and all tho despair of tho lost It was a marvellous song, bnt I had not time to listen to it properly. However, I got the words of it afterwards, and hero is a translation of it) burden, so far as it admits of being translated at all. SORAIS' SONG. Asa desolate bird that through darkness Its lost way ! wincing. As n hand that Is helplessly raised when Death') sickle is swinging. So is lilo ! ay. the life that lends passion and breath t| my singing. As tho nightingale's song that is (nil ot a snreetneit unspoken, As a spirit unbarring tho gates ot the skies for a token, So is lovo ! ay, tho love that shall (all when his pinion is broken. - As tho tramp of tho legions when trumpets their chsl- icngc are sending, ' ' As the shunt ot the storm-god when lightnings the black sky are rending. So is power 1 ay, tho powor that shall lie In (ho dust st it. ending. So short Is our life ; yet with sptco (or all things to (or- sako us, A bitter delusion, a dream , from which nought can awako us. Till death's dogging footsteps at morn or at eve shall o'erlake us. Hr.FBMV. Oh, the world is fair at the dawning— dawning— dawn- imj, Put the red sun sets in blood, the red sun sets in blood. I only wish that I could writo down the music too. " Now, Curtis, now," -1 whispered, when sho began tho second verse, and turned my back. "Nyleptha," ho said — for my nerves were so much on tho stretch that I could hear every word, low as it was spoken, oven throngh Soruis's divine notes—" Nyleptha, I must speak with thee this night, npon my life I most. Say mo not nuy ; ob, say mo not nay 1" "How can I speak with thee?" sho am swered, looking fixedly beforo her; " Queens aro not like other people. I am snrronnded aud watched." "Listen, Nyleptha, thns. I will he before the statue of Rademas in tho great hall al midnight, I b'avc tho countersign and cau pnss in. Macumazahn will be there to keep guard, and with him tho Zulu. Oh, come, my Queen, deny mo not." "It is not seomly," sho murmured, "and to-morrow " Just thou tho music began to dio in tho lasi wail of tho refrain, aud Sorais slowly turnei her round. " I will bo there," said Nyleptha, hurriedly "on thy life seo that thou fail me not" Chapter XVI. — Before tre Statue. It was night — dead night — and tho silence ley on lira Frowning City liko a cloud. Secretly, as evildoers, Sir Henry Cnrtis, Umslopogaas aud myself threaded our way through tho passages towards a by-en- tranco to tho great Throne Chamber. Once wo were met by tho fierce rattling challenge of the sentry. I gave tho countersign, and the man grounded his spear and let us pass. Also, wo were officers of tho Queen's body guard, and in tlrat capacity had a right to come an' go unquestioned. We gained tho hall in safety. So empty and so still was it that oven wheu wo lrad passed lira sound of our footsteps yet echoed up the lofty walls, vibrating faintly and still moro faintly against t'uo carven roof, like ghosts of the footsteps of dead men haunting tho place that onco they trod. It was au eerio spot, and it oppressed me. Tho rnoou was lull, aud threw great pencils and patches of light through tho high windowiess openings in tho walls, that lay pnrs and beautiful upon the blackness of tho marble floor, liko white flowers on a coffin. One ol those silver arrows fell upon the statue of the sleeping Rademas, and of tho angel form bent over liiiu, illumining it, and a small circle round it, with a soft clear light, reminding me of that with which Catholics illumino the altare of their cathedrals; Hero by tho statue we took our stand, and waited ; Sir Honry and I close together, Urn. slopogiras some paces off in tho darkness, so that f could only just mako out his towering outline leaning on the outline of an axe. So long did we wait that I almost fell asleep resting agaiust tho cold marble, but was sud denly aroused by hearing Curtis givo a quick catching breath. Then from far, far away there came a little sound as thongh the statues that lined tho walls wero whisporing to each other some message of the ages. It was the farnt sweep of a lady's dress. Nearer it grew, and nearer yet. We could sea a figure steal from patch to patch of moon light, and even hear tho soft fail of sandalled foot. Another second and I saw tho black sil houette of tho old Zulu raise its arm iu mute salute, aud Nyleptha was before us. Oh, how beautiful she looked a3 sho paused a moment just within the circle of tho moon light! Her hand was pressed npon her heart, and her white besom heaved beneath it. Round her head a broidered scarf was loosely tbrowu. partially shadowing her perfect face, aud thm rendering it even more lovely, for beauty, de pendent us it is to a certain extent upon the imagination, is never 60 beautiful as when it is half hid. Thero she stood radiant hut half doubting, stately and yet s» sweet. It was but a moment, but I then and there fell in love with her myself, und havo remained so to this hour ; for, indeed, she looked more like au angel out of heaven than a loving, passionate, mortal woman. Low we bowed before hor, and then she spoke. " I have come," she whispered, " but it wot at great risk. Yo know not how I am watched. The priests watch mo. Sorais watches mo with those great eyes of hers. My very guards ar» spies Upon mo. Nasta watches mo too. Oh, let him be careful!" and she stamped her foot. "Let him bo ; careful ; I am a woman, aud therefore hard to drive. Ay, and I am a Queen, too, and can still avenge. Let him bo careful, I say, lest in place ot giving inm, my hand 1 take hit head," and sho ended the outburst with a littlo sob, and then smiled up at ut bewitchingly and laughed. " Thou didst bid mo coino hither, my Lord Incubu" (Curtis had taught her to call hiu» so). " Doubtless it is about busiucss of till Stato, lor I know that thou art over full ol groat ideas aud plans for my welfare and my people's. So even as a Queen should I havo come, thongh I greatly fear tho dark atone," and again she laughed and gave him « glance from her grey eyes. ' At this point I thought it wise to movo a little, siucc "secrets of tho Stato" should not bo mado public property j but sho would not let mo go fur, peremptorily stopping mo withia five yards or so, saying that she feared surprise. So it came to pass that, however unwillingly, I heard all that passed. . "Thou kuowest, Nyleptha," said Sit Henry, " that it was for nono of thoso thing! that I asked thee to meet mo at this lonely place. Nyleptha, waste not the time iu ploasautry, but listen to me, for— I lovs thee." As ho said the words I saw her face break up, as it were, aud change. The coquetiy went out of it, and in its place there 6hone a great light of love which seemed to glorify it, and make it like that of the marble angel over head. I could not help thinking that it must have been a touch of prophetic instinct which mado the long dead Rademas limn iu the feature) of the angel of his inspiring vision, so strange a likeness of his own descendant Sir Sea?, alto, mut hav« observed and bee« itruck by the likeness, for, catching iho look apon Nyleplha's face, he glanced quickly trom it to the im-oiilit'Statue, and then back again at hts beloved. " Thou -ayest thou dost lovo me," she said in a low voice, " and thy voice rings true ; hut how am I to know that thou dost speak the truth ?" "Though," she went on with proud humility, and in the stately third person which is so largely used by the Zu-Veudi, " I be as nothing in the eyes of my lord," and she curt seyed towards him, "who comes from among a wonderful pmplc, to whom my people oro but children, yet here I am a queen and a leader of men, aud if I would go to battle a hundred thousand spears 6hall sparkle in my train like stars glimmering down the path of tho beat moon. And although my beauty he a little thing ia the eyes of my lord," and she lifted her broidered skirt and curt seyed again, "yet here among my own peo ple am I held right fair, and ever since I was a woman the great lords of my kingdomhave made quarrel concerning me, ss thongh, forsooth," she added with a flash of passion, " I were a deer to be pulled down by the hungriest wolf, or u horse to be sold to ths highest bidder. Let my lord pardon me if I weary my lord, bnt it bath pleased my lord to say that he lovea me, Nyleptba, a Queen of the Zu-Vendi, and there fore wonld I say, that thongh my love aod my eaud be not mnch to my lord, yet to me are :hey all." " Oh I " she cried, with a sudden and thril ling change of voice, aud modifying her digni fied mode of address. " Oh, how cau I know that tl.ou lovest but me? How can I know that thoq wilt not weary of me and seek thine ow n place again, leaving me desolate ? Who is there to tell mo but that thon lovest some other woman, some fair woman unknown to me, but who yet draws breath beneath this same moon that shines on me to-ni. ht ? Tell ae how am I to know ?" And she clasped her Tends aud stretched them out towards liim, aud .ooked nppealiugly into his face. " Nyleptha," answered Sir Henry, adopting the Zu-Vendi way of speech; "I have told thee that I love thee ; how am I to tall thee how much I love thee? Is there then a measure for love? Yet will I try. I say not that I have never looked npou another woman with favor, but this I say that I love thee with all my life and with all my strength; that I love theo now and shall love thee till 1 grow cold in death, ay, aud as I believe beyond my death, and on and on for ever : I say that thy voice is nruBic to my car, and thy toucli as water to a thirsty lnnd, that ivbcu thou art there the world is beautiful, and when I see theo not it is as though the light was dead. Oh, Nyleptha, I ' will nover leave thee, here and now for thy dear sake I will forget my people and my father's house, yea, I renounce them all. Bv thy side will I live, Nyleptha, and at thy side will I die." He paused and gazed at her earnestly, hut she hung her head liko a lily, aud said never a word. "Look I" he went on, pointing to the statue on which llie moonlight played so brightly. " Thon seest that angel woman who rests her hand upon the forehead of the sleeping man, and thou seest how at her touch his soul flames up and shines out through his flesh, even as a lamp at the touch of the fire, so is it with me Bnd thee, Nyleptha. Thou hast awakened my soul and called it forth, and now, Nyleptha, it is not mine, not mine, but thine and thine only. There ia no more for me to say ; in thy hands is ray life." And he leaned back dgainst the pedestal of the statue, looking very pale, and his eyes shining, but proud aud handsome as a god. Slowly, slowly she raised her head, and fixed her wonderful eyes, all alight with the greatness of her passion, fall upon his face, as though to read his very soul. Then at last sho spoke, low indeed, but clearly as a silver bell . "Of a truth, weak woman that I am, I do believe thee. Ill will be tho day for theo and for me also if it be my fate to learn that I havo believed a lie. Aod now hearken unto me, oh man, who hath wandered here from far to steal tny heart and make me all thine own. I put my hand upon thy hand thus, and thus \ whose lips have never kissod before, do kiss theo on the brow ; and now by my hand and by that first and holy kiss, ay, by my people's weal and by my throne that liko enough 1 shall lose for theo, by the name of my high house, by the sacred stone and by the eternal majesty of the Son, I swear that for thee will I live and die. And I swear that I will love thee and thee only till death, ay, and beyond, if as thon snyest there be a beyond, and that thy will shall be my will, and thy ways my ways." " Oh, see, soe, my lord 1 thon knowest not how humble is she who loves ; I, who am a Queen, I kneel before thee, even at thy feet I do my homage and the lovely impas sioned creature flung herself down on her knees on the cold marble before bim. And after that I really do not know what happened, for I could stand it no longer, and cleared off to re fresh myself with a little of old Umslopogaaa'a society, leaving them to settle it their own way, aud a very long timo they were about it I found the old warrior leaning on Inkosi- kaas as usual, and surveying the scene in tho patch of moonlight with a grim smile of amnso- meat. " Ah, Macumazahn," he said, "I suppose it Is because I atn getting old, hut I don't think that I shall ever learn to understand tbo ways Df you white people. Look there now, I pray theo, they are a pretty pair of doves, but what Is all the fuss about, Macumazahn ? He wants 1 wife aud she wants a husband, thon why Joes be not pay his cows down liko a man and have lone with it ? It would save a deal of trouble, and we should have had onr night's deep. But there they go, talk, talk, talk, and kiss, kiss, kiss, like mad things. Eughi" Some three-quarters of an hour after- wards the "pair of doves" came stroll ing towards us, Curtis looking slightly silly, and Nyleptha remarking calmly that the moonlight made very pretty effects sn the marble. Then, for she was in a most gracious mood, she took my baod and said that I waa "her loid'-" dear friend, and therefore inoSt dear to her — not a word for my own !lkc, yen Next rbe lifted Uin:!c pc -i-i's uce, and examinud it curiously, saying signifi- tantly as she did so that ho might soon havo tause to use it iu defence of her. After that sho nodded prettily to ns all, and tasting one tender glance at her lover, glided sff into the darkness like a- beautiful vision. When we got back to our quarters, which wo did without accident, Curtis asked me jocularly what I was thinking about. "1 am wondering," I answered, "on what principle it is arranged that some people should find beautiful queens to fall in love with then while ulliers find nobody at all, or worm than nobody ; aud 1 am also wondering how many briffe men's lives this night's work will cost. " It was rather nasty of me, perhaps, but tome- how all the feelings do not evaporate with age, audi could not help being a little jealous of my old friend's luck. Vanity, my sou s ; vanity of vanities i 