CHAPTER IV. From that time a change came over Os car Bent. He did not cease his visits to Bjawksnesfc, or show any different feelings to Myra, save that he was less attentive than of yore, but more courteous in his demeanour when they met. ■■ The change lay in. his general mode o£ action, Hither to he had been the prince of idlers, liow he became vigorously active. . Swimming, boating, and' fishing hecamehis sole study. A n old fisherman, who lived alone amongst the crags of Mount Tangahiti and who knew every shoal and rock along the coast, was the young fellow's coach and tutor, and Tie found in Oscar a willing and apt student. Myra was glad to note the change in him. His present mode of living conveyed the impression to her womanly soul, a deep and lasting regret for his misconduct, and not that alone, but this very distraction from his previous, pursuits appeared only as a means whereby he sought to forget his love. If such "was the case, Oscar had succeeded to perfeGtion^for the girl readily forgave him and returned to .her old ways in his-company..* - -■ - , , 1 The change haJUats effect also upon Myra's fatherand jaisf riend. By degrees the prejudice feltfby those twain against Kim melted away, i He/was so hearty and genial to both, .that, thinking they had hastily misjudged $he maa, they were ajl the more ready to ^ extend the hand of friendship. v £ ; Meauwhil^Ifltyra andjHarry were drawn together, with the inevitable result. Their hearts had long beat in sympathy, and their lips could not withold the secret. He pro posed in his honest, straightforward fash ion, and was accepted. She loved him, and why should she be prudish and assume a doubt when no doubt existed ? So she said, ' -£Ees," and there was great rejoic ing at ^Hawlcsnest. Oscar Bent was very warm in his con gratulation. He told Myra that he was pleased at her choice in spite of what had happened, and to Harry he said that of all .men in: ifew-.^ealand, Jie would have ; chosen him tomarry .his " sister iMyra." Harry thanked him and replied that he would endeavor to-aaakeher happy. He purchased a" blockVflf Jlqnd. near the villa, aid gave ordersifor the erection of atsub staiitial dweflifig-: piereon. As Oscar , showed some architectural taste, he was often <MnsuitedJafiottt the work going on. ■ He gave:liis advice -cheerfully and seemed .anxious about Itae house as if it had been his 6wn. " -t ;• , , . While-all these pr.eparations were going, forward, OscarWd Hariy sp.ent much of the time together inthe former's sailing' boat, cruising abpui therocky coast. Harry was very fond of the water, and Oscar's cutter was a bonder in the way of "boat huilding. - ' I It wanted just a week to the all import- j ant day, that:was to see Myra and Harry i man and wife, When Oscar and Maydale •went out for a.day's sail. I It was a late aiutumn day, rather cold, j with a chopping wind knocking about the sea. Tom Wildelove helped them to get the boat ready, and advised them to keep -well in «hore.. > i "/There is'no knowing whatsuch a morn ■ .ing tnay-brifig forfe "in the way of a gale ; ere night," he said. . j ■" W^'are not going far, sir," answered j Oscar; then turning to Harry he added, j "Ifyou think there*® anything' to fear, j pray don't go," Harry laughed. * "I've been used to a rough life, and therefore don't mind rough weather. Be sides you can manage "your boat to .perfec tion." "No man better, I'll go bail,", ejacu lated Jack Cod, the old fisherman, who stood by, smoking a short black cutty. They ran the boat down and leaped in as she shot into the sea. The square main sail and foresail were set,. with a reef in the former, and Oscar took the helm. " I think we will run out by the Tanga Reef, we get less wind there," he said. "I understood the Tanga rocks were dangerous," replied Harry. ■'To those who have not studied them, no doubt they are,w responded his com panion,; 11 hut there is no real, pleasure without a trifle of danger to give it zest. I know every foot of this coast, and can sail within pistol shot of the reet. You | shall see." As the boat got out into the trough of the short waves he was in high spirits, and his manner Was more like that of a school boy let loose for a holiday than a man out for an hour'senjoyment. " You ate gay ihis morning, Oscar." £ " -Very gay, my friend You shall wit ness some fine sailmg this day, if the. wind only holds.5'- •. * . ' ... , " It will lioldj-lfihink." . -: :. " I hope so.. ■ Beside I have a surprise in store-for you, Mpydale." " What is it V" " You shall see presently." The Xangarockslay about two miles and, a half to the east of,the cliff at Eldonbury, and they were worthy of being termed dangerous. .' Black in appearance, and fatal to any vessel, large or small, that cliauce. might cast in their vicinity. At high tide they peeped no more than a few feet above the waves on a calm day, and when the wind J was high, foam alone marked their whereabouts. At low tide they were still surrounded ! by water, for they were ugly, razor- backed' masses of stone, that had their foundation ; m toe sand full fifty fathoms down On this day, and at the hour the boat started, the tide was - almost at its highest point, and nothing but foam about .them . could be seen.. As ;they *drew nearer, Harry, who had ®ome .little knowledge of seamanship, saw tha.t^tlic place presented one huge bar of-' while" curling breakers in front, and to piglit and left of them, with not so mricli as-"the ghost of a passage for the boat, ■which was: now madly plunging .right in amongst them'. * : .* (- k" ' : n. Xt is madness to attempt a passage there, he shouted. . " Put up the helm!" You coward, be quiet," cried Jiis com panion, laughing hoarsely. " I" told you1 I was going to surprise you, so I am." - " Put up your helm, or by the : " Do you threaten me, and hereV in terrupted Oscar, with an oath, his face suddenly assuming the ferocity of a tiger cat. Harry saw the change, and knew what it meant. He had seen many dangerous men during his wanderings, and lie saw that he had one to deal with now. "H —11 seize you," yelled the now in furiated Oscar. ''Keep back from me; The sight of you is poison to my soul. For i months I've played my game and fooled 1 you all. I've brought you to your fate, and yonder wHite-faced cat at home may mew for y<5ur coming until the trump of doom." Before he could utfctjr another word, Harry threw himself upon him, and a fu rious struggle took place for the posses sion of the tiller. They .were both strong men, one with a latent devil in him fight ing for revenge, the other battling for°his life. Do all he could, Harry Maydale could not move his antagonist from his grip of the helm, until the frail vessel crashed upon the rocks. Hurrah ! This shall be your wedding day," shrieked Oscar, and the next moment the sea and rocks rent the craft to pieces, and both men went down. They were locked together as the waves cast them up again to the surface, and Oscar, ben^g nearest to the sharp-cutting reefs, received a cruel blow, which in stantly caused him to release his hold upon his rival. Harry was a strong swimmer, but he was half stunned, and blinded by the spray. He felt that $ie chances of escape were small, but the thought of Myra nerved him to makfe the effort. How long he fought with the whirling eddies, and the seething cauldron into which he had. been cast, he never could estimate. A man will fight hard for his life, and especially a man on the" eve of being' married: After much buffeting, ana when his strength was well-nigh afone, Harry Maydale found himself in smoother water. _ Even here he - was tossed and jumbled about like a, worthless cork, until suddenly a far-off voice reached his ears;— 'Ahpy, mate! This wavand the" exhausted swimmerjrnew it was the voice of-Jack Cod, tlie fisherman. By-and-by a , approached, amd a rope ?ras cast close ;to hirrij which lie seized and held. ' ^I saw your danger, my lad," and put out after ye," cried the' old salt, as'he hauled Harry into the smack. " But, I say what has become of Mr. Oscar " Where is he?" gasped Harry. There was a pause for a moment, and then Jack cried out— , ■ "A*1' there he is, in the whirlpool of the Tanga !" . 'Steer for hiin.- Fifty pounds if you save him!" J The fisherman steered, but it was too late. Oscar Bent, like his antagonist, was completely exhausted; Just at the moment when he saw his hated rival safe m the boat, a huge wave.lifted hiiii bodily up, and dashed him a mangled- corpse on the reef. " A dangerous man,: Harry. You had TCleWeSqUeak f°r it> b°?'" Sai^ Tom f it ^ k^djndeed, E*r>" sa^ the young fellow, doflmg his hat, with a feelina of reverence and gratitude.: ° The two were walkiiag the little garden path before the villa, a week -after the" tragic affair, at the Tanga rocks. "It was wise of you to keep the affair to yourself, Harry." sir- Better bear it than let Myra know what was hidden in her old playmate." i. sure'Your wedding will have to be postponed for three months: that will be a trial." " Perhaps, sir." And so it was settled. Only two men in Eldonbury knew the secret of that catastrophe at the Tanga 