THE CRADOCK HOAX. TO THE EDITOR. oir-i will trouble you for a little apace lor the last letter I shall write to you on this miserable subject. Firstly, respecting Mr. Schultz, the lather of the girl. His state ment that I put smelling salts on the ther mometer is untrae, _ 1 can prodace witnesses to prove that I did not. The questions I asked in French were-"Had von a little piece of bread to-day?" The knocker an swered, " Yes." I asked next how old I was. It knocked four. I then said " Won derful 1 Exactly so," &c.;, &c.; On every occasion that 1, took sealed questions the "ghoBt" refused to answer, I defy Mr. Schultz to say I am afraid to be by the child's Bide, and I defy him to bring his child nnder my tests to act as medium any more. He knows the whole thing is a miserable imposition, and proveB his complicity by telling deliberate untruths. Why did he threaten the child if she talked to me! Why did he keep her away from school until Mr. Evans had departed ? Why did he take her away from Blackrock after stating that he intended leaving her here when he was misled into thinking me a believer in the stapid manifestations? My statements in the last letter are true, despite the hallucinations of Mr. Healy. The night I caught hold of the child's band by slipping my hand along the bedolothes was a night or two before I sprinkled the floor with lampblack, so that if I blackened her hand that night she couldn't have been washed for two days. And if they can prove she was washed that will prove I didn't do the black ing- Q.E.D. And now, Sir, a word or two about Mr. Healy's letter. Against his state ment about the box- rapping I can produce three witnesses to substantiate my statement. His auditory apparatus must be a curious one, as he, by Mb own statements, couldn't hear raps that three other persons could and did; whilst he claims on another occasion to have heard raps that other persons could not hear. But perhaps the best way to explain this is to draw attention to his idiosyncrasy, I can prove in the most positive manner that Mr. Healy on the night he claims to have been so astute was actually asked to be quiet and give people a chance of investigating the affair, when he answered it would take two men and a boy to hold his tongue. True, he was sitting on a box, but why was he sitting? His idiosyncrasy will explain. In reference to this, if the case is heard in Court, X and several others are ready to show that Mr. Healy was not a competent witneBB on that night, and I will give him a cross-exami nation that will prove it. I don't wish him to refrenh my memory. All my notes are on paper, and ready for referenoe. Can these four witnesses deny that lamp black was on the child's hand ? I will swear with these four that whilst I was present the child was calm, but I will also stats that when I had shut the door and was in the same room bb these fonr I heard the child knock and said "Hark." Schultz said "ThereitiB. No! I don't think it. Those knocks was only the wind." On that same nieht I proved to Mr. Bodeghiero, as fairly as any one needed, that the child was shamming sleep. As to my preparations with sealed letters I did it for the purpose of proving that no answer could be given correctly to such questions, and I never could get an answer when I took these questions. The tablet for spirit-writing was a trap that Mr. Healy wasn't smart enough to see througn. The figures on the floor were one of the beBt proofs that the child was awake and aching, for I had led the child to think I was a con federate, and had explained the whole thing to her beforehand. I was to give her a gentle press, and she wab to sway her linger the same number of times. So Mr. Evans made figures on the floor and I pressed her the right number of times, and then Bhe wagged her linger the same number of times. This is what we meant when we said that she was open to sugges tions, and was evidently shamming sleep. The reason I did not want to have my name appended to Mr. Evans's report was that I wanted to wait until I bad more positive proof to explain how the child knocked. My last letter contains an account of the matter, hence I don't repeat it in this letter. In reference to knocbB coming after the child had phosphorus on her hands, I will refer to Mr. Opie and Mr. Williams, oi Petersburg. I have seen those gentlemen, and they are prepared to say that after I put phosphorus on the child's hands, and tucked them ontside the bed, no more raus were heard by them. In reference to Mr. flealy's state ment that I asked him not to contra dict me, I told him that he had better not write any more about the "ghost," as if he did I should have to call biB statements in question. It was Mr. Evans's thoughtfulneBS about injuring me, and Mr. Healy's memory must fail him. I shall have an opportunity of seeing whether this surmise was true. I hope that the child and father will get justice, but I am very much afraid that if they do it will not be of a complimentary nature. I consider the whole a miserable farce. Sir. &<>., W. A. JONES. The discussion must end here,-ED.| 