ON THE SCENT. By LADY M. MAJENDIE, Author of 'Dita,' ' Once Mobe,' ' Suteiis ih-IjAw.' &e.; [Tho Eight of Translation in Itoscrvoi.] fFrom the Wtvk.J CHAPTER 1. ' I -woNDun why tUero nro bo innny cliilelron in the world : children uro tho greatest abomi lintion in oxistenco !' said licginulil, threading his way through his innumerable brothorM ami si3ters to tlio Hchoolroom fireplace. A small sister had possession of tlio best arm-chair, a faded chintz concern, with ears to.it. Ro-'-rio of eourso dislodged her, and took possession, while littlo Lotty, perfectly Mitiufieil of tlio ilioits il'uiiiv, made no remonstrance, but squatted on tho rug. They were all there. Reggie, homo from Oxford ; tho beautiful Janet, who enjoyed the privilego of being grown up ; Arthur, whoso future fate was not decided, but who. was tho tallest, handsomest, and most attractive-looking of tho lads, though all unanimously declared that ho had inherited Saxon wits with Saxon beauty, and would never do any good with his brains. Family tradition sticks hard, and it would require somo startling action of genius on Arthur's part to shame tho pemistente of his reputation. Littlo Letty, on tho hcnrtU-xujf, crept up and leant against his long legs, suro of not being rejected there, ovon though she might be an inconvenience and always in tho way. Tola, nn abbreviation of Cenorentola, or the Cinder-witch, bat upon the table ; a littlo sun burnt brunette of seventeen, with curly brown linir and eyes like diamonds ; and uho hud children all about her. Tommy, Johnnie, Mary, Cilly, Jack, Eddie ! No wonder tho splendid Reggie looked down on tho herd, with the outspoken expression of disgust which nobody minded in tho least. Janet settled her hair before tho cracked old minor. 'Well, Reggie,' she slid, 'having called a family council, what is tho result? Aro wo not nil in committee ?' 'You know ns well as I do,' growled I?og gie. ' 'Wo must resolve ourselves into a com mittee of ways and means. Thero is some thing up.' ' Something down, you mean,' said Tommy, who was scribbling at a table. ' Mother's eyes are red.' ' That is nothing now,' mi id Tola sorrow fully, hugging tho \\-ul-y. ' Don't jaw,' said lJeggie, giving Tommy a little kick, which extorted a growl of ' shut up — do!' 'I imagine,' said Janet, coming forward, and looking lovely, 'that the last remaining hope of the family, tho last diner at the tenant's dinner, has given notice to quit.' 'And liko our first parents wo shall bo ro dnced to living vaguely on tho fruits of the earth,' saiel Tola. ' And how to avert it ':'' 'By putting our shoulders to tho wheel,' Enid Arthur. ' Of course wo fellows must take whatever work comes in our way.' ' All very well for you,' said Reggie, rather contemptuously. 'You could coal-heave, or anything : but I, with my education and ? ' ' I back matter versus spirit,' cried Tommy. 'After all, a good collier can get his two pounds a week, and that, under the circmn stnncee, might suffice to feed though not to clothe this colossal family. There would bo the skins of the boiisfri we could lilay, and ? ' 'Reggie,' said Janet timidly, 'I hive taken a step already. I have put in an ad vertisement offering' myself as a lady help, and 1 have two or three answers here, which I kept to open at our meeting.' ' .So that was the secret of our daily-walks to Plumtrce Post Office !' cried Tola. ' Quick, Janet, do see what they aro about.' ' ' if I had known I would never have con sented to go with you,' said Tommy, ' ovon though mother won't allow tho girls to walk to Plumtrce without a man !' 'A man!' cried a chorus of children dis dainfully. 'And it is quite necessary,' said Reggie. ' I hate to sec a pack of girls walking by themselves in a town.' 'Especially under tho circumstances,' said Tommy revengef idly. ' ' ' Tlio horizon is larkencd with majors at an approach,' as somo body says.' ' Nonsense, Tom,' said Janet indignantly. ' It isn't nonsense, only it was colonels, not majors, and two of them.' 'Oh, do shut up,' said Arthur, 'and lot's hear what the letters say. I eau't stand tho idea of you girls doing anything, I can till you.' Janet opened tho first letter eagerly, and road at first gaily, nt last faltcringly : — 'Mrs. Barker presents her condiments to the young person who advertises for a place as lady's help, and woidd be glad to soo li'jr should sho ho likely to suit. Tho duties re quired would be to attend to dress and educate six children under seven in nil tho ordinary hrauches ; to assist Mrs. Barker in household duties ; to have somo knowledge of cook ing, and to bo prepared to make herself gener ally useful. Mtg. Barkor woidd treat her in all respects ns ono of the family, and give her a small Ealnry according to capabilities.' 'ItsoundH very hard,' said Jnnot, sighing, ' I wonder what she means by a small salary— - forty, fifty!'' ' Eight, my dear,' said Tola. ' You did not see tho postscript. Qnt of the question. Try again.' Janet opened another. 'Would the young person who advertises undertake to be tlio companion and lady-help of a widow, onco in genteel circumstances, who has a largo family, and is in weak health. She would offer no salary, ns she considers that affection and a happy home would l-o compen sation enough to ono whom a Christian desire to nuiko herself useful actuates. Address Mrs. r Priggs, Putney.' 'Oh dear! Oh dear!' sighed Janet. 'This will never do. Now for my last hope.' The third letter proved to bo only an agent'B advertisement. ' I'm glad of it,' said Arthur. ' Nonsonse, Janet, mother would never hear of such a ?tiling. What could possess you to imagine it ? Lot us bo serious. You can still have Uncle Alfred's clerkship I snpposo, Redgo?' 'I suppose so,' rather sullenly. -'Sixty pounds a year, after sending mo to Oxford too. I wonder how ho has tho face !' 'I shonldu't dospiso sixty pounds a year,' said Arthnr. ' I wish I hail a chance of it.' ' I never said I did despise it, only wheuo.io has been brought up to oxpect every thing to bo eo different ? ' 'Hush!' cried Tola. ' Is not that papn calling ?(' . A stentorian voice rang through tho house. 'Boys! I say boys!' Reginald roso slowly and wont downstairs. ' Poor boy ! It iB hard on him,' said Janet. 'I really did- think Undo Alfred would havo acted differently.' ' I think it was very kind of liim,' said Tola ; ' and after all Reggie's protestations, it eccms that ho wants to give up tho only chance any ono of us has had, except Tommy.' 'Tommy !' ' Yes, Tommy. No ! don't frown at mo. I did not moan to lot it out, but as I havo, I will. Tommy has earned ten shillingd from tlio l'lumtree Gazette. ' Well dono, Thomas ! ' said Arthur, pull ing hiB brother's curly wig. ' And how ? ' 'By my literary, offorts,' said Tom. 'I havo been a contributor to that famous weekly. ' ' 'How often P WhonP What do you meanp' . 'Oh! for over': so long. I- furnish tho epitaphs.' ..'.??;?? .-..-? ' Tho opitaphs ? ' 'Haven't you soon theraf So much lor unappreciated genius. Hero is a speoimen proof-sheet.' And ho tossed a littlo slip of paper on to tho tablo. ? Arthur took it up and road to an admiring .audience: — 'Tom Green's dead and oono to dust, ' HiB mother turned, his lather oussod ; Had ho known how they'd havo fussed, Tom Green's heart it would hovo hust !' 'Capital I old fellow!' oriod Tola, \- ' Como, thoro's aomo chanoo' for us after all. Wo havo a genius in our midst. Tho very fight of him inspires mo ! I too could -writo an tpitaph— ' 3VTo. iio my i!'' si iim. iJiukoriitBlielvw.1.'; . 'Trash!' said Tommy. 'This sort of thing wants practice. It is host to reel thorn off when ono is in tho hnmour, to prevent all Btrain when tho follow wants ono in a hurry.' ? 'Well,' said Janet, with rather a caroworn look coming over her sweet faco, 'I must go about my business. Wo scorn to bo doing no good, and it is. not worth while waiting till Heggio comes back.' Arthur followed her to tho door. 'Don't bo down, old girl,' ho said kindly. 'Something is suro to turn up.' ' I never heard that anything did turn up for Mr. Micawber,' she answered quickly. ' At all events it is of no uso folding ono's hands to wait until it does.' Ho drew buck. ' I don't want to do that,' ho said quietly. ' Oh ! Arthur, I did not mean anything ; but it does rile mo to seo Reggio with all hiB splendid talents and his grand education and everything to be thrown away on such a paltry employment ; and yet, if ho refuses it, it is like giving up wider prospects still. There, I won't grumble.' And drying her eyes, Janet went off. Arthur went slowly downstairs with his hands in his pockets. This theory of Reggie's splendid talents — was it oidy a 'theory? He had believed in it implicitly in spito of every successive report, first from school and then from Oxford — either Reggio was growing too fast for work, poor boy, or ho had an unfair master, and Reggie could never stand a master lio did not like. Then nt Oxford he hod turned out to have lost all the previous years of his lifo by having been so badly taught. Then it was most unsafe to press on the highly strainwl intellect of genius; and, finally, Reggie ob tained no honours, merely ncrapixl through as hundreds of others have done, and came homo, beautifully got up in appearance, but with tmall honour to himself, and a gratiiiod fcoliuir of self-respect, in the belief which ho found unshaken in tho breasts of his family — that his superiority was unassailable, only that ho had been unfortunate in his surroundings. Arthur hud his hand on tho handle of the door when Iii'k father came out of tho library and stopped h :t exit. 'Here, Arthur, I want you,' ho said briefly. Tlio library of Denstone Court, was, alas ! only called so l-y courtesy, as tho books were gone. Only the yawning shelves remained. It was a fine room, and, liko tho rest of the house, had about it tlio ghost of departed comfort and and luxury. But not a thing had been altered, renewed, or added to it for long now, and tho old Turkey carpet, respectable even in its decay boro many careful patchings, and near tho window had faded out of all pattern and figure. The squire of Renstone Court looked about as worn away and shabby as his own furni ture. Ho had let' everything slip helplessly through his fingers. His poverty might n't one time have been grappled with, but the time had gone by now. The whole estate, a (?nwill one of about SOU once productive acres, had been starved and neglected. Ho had been unwilling to spend money on his farm build ings, and had in consequence found himself compelled to accept poor and bad tenants, who took all that could be got out of tho soil, au-1 when the time of agricultural distress began were the first to throw up their holdings. Poor Mr. Denstone got more and more deeply in volved, more and more hopelessly ; and ho found no help in his wife, who, worn out by tho cares of her large family and the feeble petulance of her lord, had subsided into a mn-a household drudge. Tho sons and daughters might have been a comfort individually, but they were a tremendous incubus en m«, Even tho distressed landlord's panacea fur all woes — going abroad to retrench— seemed out of the question, when it was remembered that 12 railway tickets would bo wanted, and 12 beds at hotels, not to speak of the dWiuulty of lot ting the poor old court in its present condition of fhabbiuess ; and had it been possible, it is doubtful whether tho squire would over have made up his mind to so decisive an action. One powerful friend they had in the Undo Alfred, the successful Liverpool merchant, who had sent Reginald to Oxford, and whose offer of a clerk's place in his house at a salary of i-30 a year, had seemed such a downfall to all their hopes. It was on the subject of this oll'er that Mr. Denstone wanted to speak to his son. 'Come here, Arthur,' ho said nervously, ' and sit down. I want to talk t;- you, but it fidgets me to see you standing.' 'You look tired, father,' said Arthur kindly. ' I am afraid something has worried you.' ' I am always tired and always worried,' said Mr. Deustone impatiently, thrusting his hand through his thin grey Lair, 'but I a:n quite used to it now, thank Heaven. It is really your mother's fault, she does worry so about Reggie.' ' AVhat about him ? ' said Arthur surprised. 'Of eourso the salary is not a very high o:io, but with his talents ho is siu'o to gat on, nudiny uncle will probably oiler him a partnership.' ' Bnt he is not to havo it, you see.' ' Not to have it 'i Has my undo retracted his offer?' 'Yes, he bus; and in tho most unflattering manner. It is that that has so upset your mother.' ' I am so sorry,' said Arthur fervently. His heart failed him a little. It soemod as if this chance had been tho only one held out, and this also had failed. ' I always know how it would bo,' said Mr. Denstone querulously. 'Reggio gives him self the airB of a marquis, and dresses liko a dandy. Your undo is a plaiu intiu, and, bless my eoul, he married his cook, as you know, and can't be expected to bo a judge of refine ment. He, actually writes these words: ' Your Bon is much too-fino a gentleman forme. I want u clerk, not a young swell ; and I want a fellow who appreciates the luck of getting the place, not ono who turnB up his noso at every thing here, and scents tho whole offioo with cigars. So you may toll him I havo changed my mind. If you havo a moro liumblc-uiindod youth among your sons, I don't mind trying him ; but not this young cock who crows too loud for my dunghill. I want a plain honest fellow. 'I hate your geniuses. If you can't supply tlio article, I can look elsewhere ; but Betsy would muchliko a uophew about thohouse. Your fine gentleman looked upon sixty pounds a year ns about enough to keep him in cigars; but in that wo agree to differ.' AVhat an un feeling letter, Arthur.' 'I am afraid Reggio must have offended him,'.' paid Arthur thoughtfully. 'It is just my luck,J ' said Mr. Donstone fretfully. ' If I havo a sou with brnins abovo the ordinary ho goes and flies in tho face of Providence. Your mother thinlcsnothing would bo lost by your trying now.' ' 'I wish I might,' cried Arthur eagerly. ' But. not if Reggio would foul as if I woro supplanting him.' 'No fear of that, my good follow,' said his father, rather contemptuously. 'Yon hardly look liko brothers.' Arthur folt that was true enough as far as clothes went, mid ho was unconscious of his superior physical advantages. It is extraordi nary how long family dolunions continue. As this moment Mrs. Dcnstono came in, a littlo pale, rather trembly woman, with a son fiitivc, pink colour coining and going in her thin cheek. ' What does Arthur eayf' sho said to hor husband. Arthur put his arm round hor tondorly. ' Thero is nothing Arthur would not do for you, little mother,' ho said, ' and so you may iningino thnt thin opening is bliss indeed, only if Reggio does not liko it.' ' Reggio won't mind. Ho thinks it might just do for you,' sho snid. 'One cannot wonder at his horror of tho idea aftor what ho had expected.' 'All right!' said Arthur. 'Then I start for Liverpool to-morrow morning. I don't boo why I shouldn't soiid you every sixponoo of the money, mother mine, for I shall ovidontly board with my undo.' 'Boots, dear,' said sho, 'and olothos. You have nothing nico liko my poor, door, un fortunate Reggie, and you aro so big, nothing of his would fit you.' ' No, no, nil tlio hotter chance of pleasing my undo. Don't fret, mothor. Think what u lucky start. Reggio, with hia tulonts, is cer tain to got a swell place somowhoro, whoroas I havo actually fallen on my legs.' 'But, Arthur, I suppoBO you can do it f' said his fathor doubtfully. ' Of oonrso, ns long as ono thought it was Roggio ono had full confidence ; but as it is, I suppose, you think you can f' Arthur nodded with a quiot smile. After all, ho knew himself and Ids capabilities a good denl hotter than tlioy did. (To la ewdlnwi.J 