riiOTECTION. TO Tim nniTOtt OF THE: imisnAxn coming. Sir-Your correspondent, Mr. J. Bailey Brown, will greatly oblige by explaining Ma statement that capital employed in manufacture ing industries in America produces a return of" 240 per cent, does he intend that £100 employed, for twelve months produces £240 in interest, while the average wage of labour is £1 a week. Will he further explain the benefits which he proposes to derive from the presence of Chinese in Queensland To quote his words, I am neither " a stump orator nor a political aspirant of the very lowest calibre," in fact not a political aspirant at all, and as my real name would add no weight to these inquiries am, sir, etc., . ANTI-CHINESE. NATIVE ROSE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE JHUBnANE CORnER. Sir, In justification of the way in which I rode Native ROBO in the Kedron Park Hurdle Race Bachelor winning-and for which I was' disqualified, thereby debarring me from carrying my living, permit me to say she is a hard, mare to ride, as directly you sit down and send; her along she stops), which anyone who watched the race closely up to the last hurdle, could see. " But when I got over that and in. the straight, I then took hold of her head. She then began to race, and I must have won if WG laid two lengths further to go. Bachelor beat, her easily at Tattersall's meeting, winning the double ; likewise Maritana previously. It was' only at Rockhampton, where every other horse in the loco that had the ghost of a chance of winning feel, that she came in first. So it remains a mystery to me upon what grounds they disqualification rests, as I make my living by riding and did my best to win. I had no interest in the race bar my mount, and winning meant more money I am, sir, etc., THOMAS RYAN. Brisbane, 31st August. The annual meeting of the Queensland Scottish Rifles was held last evening, when the report and balance-sheet were presented and adopted. Our report of the proceedings in unavoidably held over. Cycling has taken a greater hold of England than many people perhaps imagine. There. are no fewer than 400,000 cyclists, and 1800ft persons are employed in the manufacture of and.' repair of cycles. 1 EXHIBITION. Particular attention is called to the exhibit of Dining and Bedroom Furniture of Queensland wood, manufactured in the workshops of Finney, Isles, & Co., Brisbane. [ADVT.] DR. DE JONGH'S LIGHT-BROWN COD LIVER OIL.-Pulatable and Easily Digested. Dr, Granville, F.R.S., author of "The Spas of Germany;" writes-Mr. de Jongh's light-brown cod-liver oil does not cause the nausea and indigestion too' often consequent on the administration of the ball oils. It is, moreover, much more palatable." Sold only in capsuled bottles by all chemists.-. [ADVT.] REMARKABLE DISAPPEARANCE. Very re markable disappearance of all dirt from everything, by using Hudson's Extract of "Soap. Reward: Purity, health, perfect satisfaction by its regular daily use. Rapidly soluble lathers freely ; softens water ; a perfect hard water soap; a cold water soap; a soft water soap; a hot water soap. Sold. Wholesale -by Brabant & Co., 70 and 78 Charlotte-street, Brisbane. ADYAR 