FOOTLIGHT FLASHES. 'THE KING OP THE WIRE AI ID THE QUEEN OP THE DANCE. A Lucky Hit. Music in Stdney. COMING EVENTS — OrERA,, COMEDY, AND FAECE — THE BOUT OF PIECE A MANAGER SWEARS BY — A BAD BEGINNING RE TRIEVED — NEW PLAYS IN EUROPE, &C.; Room for the lady ! — Room ! Sho is but a little one, but slie is a darling — a queen — a charming and delightful dancing dot of humanity an artist every inch of her ; and few as those inches are, there are quite enough of them to show that she will bo a great sirtiut by-and-bye, if her training be properly continued and com pleted. That is the whole question so far as littlo Ida Ueath is concerned. The shapely, active, sprightly little mite of a creature is actually a real dancer already — a dancer versed in the methods of at least two or three leading schools of the terpsichorean art. She dashes on to tho stage in a somewhat grotesque feminine get up, sings a verse or two in the approved French manner, and dances a few can-can steps with sufficient spirit. A moment's rush behind a curtain, and Bhe is the brightest, smartest, and best of miniature French dancing masters, cos tumed in the style of tlie Directory — pretty much as Trenitz is when — a rare ease — La Fille'de Madame Angoi is properly dressed, and here she begins to show her real quality. Tlie agile capers and cuts which distinguish the French school are rendered with admirable neatness and dexterity, and with an amusing accuracy into the bar gain, which is extraordinarily comic. Another lightning change shows her as a Neapolitan peasant dancing a tarantclle with infinite grace and truth, and a third instantaneous transformation shows her as a Spaniard executing with considerable skill a movement of the cachuca. A Dutch girl comes next, and then an ancient dame announced as Mrs. Ally Sloper, who dances a burlesque minuet. The last impersona tion is that of a premiere danscuse of the Parisian school, who goes through a grand pas seul in a most brilliant style, conclud ing with a pirouette which would have done honour to Fanny Elsler. The quick ness of the changes , .of costume, the piquant grace of the little dancer, and the real excellence of her dancing entitle her to a very largi measure of public support, and fully justify the praises which have been heaped on her in advance. ? « » Wainratta, the king of the wire, is ftnotliei^wonder. He is a gooj-looking tellK|Srioiglit and twenty or so apparently, moustache, a good face, a shapely and despite his name, a soupipn of the Milesian about his appearance. He does the most marvellous feats in the easiest fashion on a wire no thicker than a quill, which is stretched from the stige to the gallery. He comes on in evening dress and walks calmly on to the wire without balancing-pole or any assistance whatever, and proceeds to make and light a cigarette, to jump through a hoop, to walk, saunter, stumble, and go through a masher performance, all amazingly diffi cult and dm;erou3, and all done so neatly as to show that the performer is perfectly site, and then coolly divests him self of every atom of his outer dress, au peariag in the true rope-walker costume under it. Freed f r Mil the extra costume he fairly skips along the wire, using a small hoop instead of a rope, and after a bewil dering series of feats, all very gracefully managed, he sets the wire oscillating rapidly, balaucfng himself the whole time on one foot. Nothing so wonderful has been seen iu this class of business. Blou din did a good deal of it, but his high rope work was impeded by an enormous balanc ing-pole, and his low-rope exhibitions ?were few and far between. But in his best days Blondin never did as much as Wainraiti does, nor can I call to mind any performer who eoul 1 be com pared with him, although my experience in this line includes every rope dinner of note who has appeared since Madame Saqui, the favourite of the first Napoleon, played a farewell engagement at Old Tauxhall Gardens, in my earliest days, o * * By the introduction of these two admir able artists Signor Agrati has laid Austra lian pleasure-Seekers under an obligation. Wainratta appears about a quarter to 9, and Ida Heath about a quarter to 10. The intervals are filled up by the exer tions of a number of artists of the ordinary variety kind, who do their best to make the timo pass agreeably, but do nothing particularly worthy of sep irate note. A word of commendation is due to the clever stilt-dancing of Mr. W. Heath, and Mies Alice Conway sings serio comic songs neatly. * * » There was, however, a blemish in the entertainment on the opening night, to whiek the Attention of the popular and skilful manager, Signor Agrati, might be advantageously directed. A Mr. Ryan, new to Sydney, oame on to sing some not very comic songs and to crack some rather fiat jokes, some of wliiuh we have heard better told in days long past away. Now, among the moderate manifestations of applause which greeted sueli points as the singer m ido. a very slight hiss was twice heard. The performer, hereupon, addressed the audi ence personally, and told them ' they had a goose among them,' 'that some folks had been round doing his business before he came,' which was true, for some of it was done before he wns born ; that ' it was a put-up thing that ' some people travelled on other people's brains,' and so on. Now I utterly and entirely deny that any performer has a right to scold his audience because he hears a hiS3 among tho applause. The law courts have decided again and again that spectators have a perfect right to express disapproval pro vided they do not do so in such a bois terous manner as to mar the comfort of the rest of the audience Australian audiences are merciful to mediocrity, aud \- specially kind to new comers. The lou applause that welcomed every performer - f tho whole '.pa on Monday showed that the kind!'' ..-.'ngs of the Sydney people were, as ..silk ?:edouiiiiant. Most of the performers suV eeded in maint aining these kindly feelings to the end of their term, ' and if any one of them could not do so ho has only himself to blame. Mr. Ryan is, of course, a perfect stranger to me, as is every member of the company without ex ception. I wish them all every success. I like to see them applauded, and 1 en joy ? the pleasant task of pointing out what is worthy of applause.' But I do not propose to seo a performer attempt'to infringe the public right to express its opinion, and I trust Mr. Ryan will, in future, keep his private views of his audience's conduct for the delectation of his private acquaintanse. If the public could get at Mr. W. J. Wil son's opinion of Mr. Craven's now piece, they would probably find the worthy . manager saying privately to himself— 'Oh, bliss! oh, rapture ! ' for Hide and Seek is not merely a successful comedy of tho farcical kind, but it is also one of those pieces which any decently experienced company can play — ono in which every character can bo played by anybody who can play anything. No star has a chance of putting on airs ; nobody entrusted with any important part can spoil tlio whole business by pretending to bo sick, and, in short, no ono on tho Btage can endanger tho interests of the managemont. This is an. enormous relief to the good people who , pay the piper, and who never know when the piper is not going to make them dance to a tune they don't like. Hide and Seek depends on tho comicality of tho situations, on tho oddity of tho blunders which lead up to those situations, and upon a certain neat nesB of writing, which, if not actually humorous, is at least pleasant and neat. Thus when Mrs.Ramsbotham.the deserted wife of Dr. Ramsbotham Jones, is apostro phising the Scotchman Andrew M'Gilli cuddy, whom she believes to be the run away husband she has not seen for twenty yours, she begins pathetically : — 'Twenty years ago I was a young and innocent creature.' ' A wool,' says tho Scot, ' you were younger nae dout, and ye ought to have been innocent.' ? * * The aforesaid Scot is seeking a wife who has run away from him — for one night only — to play Ophelia. Dr. Ramsbotham Tones has by accident come in charge of an imbecile patient to tho hotel where his deserted wife is housekeeper. A young couple who have run away turn up to add to the confusion, and a romantic young lady who has received a bushel of love letters from an unseen adorer, comes to in sist upon matrimony. How Mrs. Rams botham appeals to M'Gillicuddy to reinstate her in her wifely place, under the idea that he is Ramsbotham Jones ; how the tutor of Mr3. M'Gillicuddy appeals to Ramsbotham Jones to forgive his wife's passion- for the stage, thinking he is pleading with the lady's husband ; liow Young Fitznoodle makes love to Mrs. M'Gillicuddy, under the impression that she is the charmer to whom lie lins sent one hundred and fifty letters, and how all these mistakes are intensified and redupli cated, is a story tos long to be told here. It makes one or the lunniest ot pieces, and Mr. Craven may be congratulated on hav ing made a very genuine success. * # * It is not often that an author or an actor gets a chance to correct any unfortu nate error he may make in his first essay before an Australian audience. Mr. Craven has had that good luck. His first appearance was in the character of the Frenchman in Three Hats, in which lie certainly did not stand out very well, while tlie piece itself was only saved from condemnation by the wonderful comicality of Phil Day. Bad Lads, in which Mr. Craven did not appear, was a failure on its merits in Melbourne, and two such mis fortunes in succession would have effectu ally smashed many of our stage aspirants. Mr. Craven has, however, ^und luck with his third venture, and I trust lV'KjJl, be permanent. His own performance of tile** Scotchman is meritorious, though a little overdone in the matter of costume. Hir company play well up to him, and his scenic artist has given him an admirable set for the location of liis piece. The ves-' tibule of the Grand Hotel at Scarboro' is the scene of the comedy, and very capi tally it is put upon the stage. Miss Blanch Lewis and Miss Melville, Mr. Frank Gerald, and Mr. Duff, Messrs. Hesford, Thompson Teece, and others, all do very well, and Miss De Valance, like Mr. Craven, makes a distinct step forward in public estimation by her excellent performance as Kitty Carter, the runaway bride. On Saturday we shall have Italian opera at the Theatre Royal, when II Trovatore will be produced, with the following cast : —Leonora, Signor.i Ciuti ; Azucena, Signorina Cavalleri ; Manrico, Signor Lazza rini ; Comte di Luna, Signor Pimazzoni j and Ferrando, Signor Buzzi. I have al-i ready described the merits of all these good people at great length, and I need only now say that they are all able and excellent artists, fully competent to do justice to Verdi's most popular opera. Tho conductor, Signor Huzon, is a musician of the first order, and ho has a powerful or chestra of twenty-eight picked performers under his control. There is :i chorns of thirty-six voices under the able superin tendence of Mr. Harcourt Lee, and, on the whole, the organisation of the company is so complet' that it is competent to do justice to any work of the Italian school. II Trovatore will be repeated on Monday, Tuesday, Friday and Saturday. On Wed nesday and Thursday, Lucia di Lainmermoor will be produced, the cast including Signora Alice Rcbottaro as Lucia, Signor Santinelli as fidgardo, Signor Cerno as Enrico, and Signor do Alba as the priest. As I have before explained Mr. Simonson has two complete companies, and no less than throe prime dmine. Everybody wishes him suc cess. Everybody knows he deserves it, nnd the only thing we have to wonder now is whether Sydney people will patronise the opera with sufficient liberality to make it pay. * * * lies Cloches de Corneville is boing very woll played at the Criterion Theatre, where Mr. Verdi makes a good Marquis, Mr. Beaumont, as of old, an admirable Gronicheux, Mr. Kelly a capital Miser, Mr. Forde a fairly efficient Baillie, and Mr. Allen a very sensibly comic Gobo. Miss Liddiard, who improves continually, is a pleasing and piquant Serpolette, and Miss Colbourne-Baber, who does not im prove at all is a rather ineffective Ger maine. Tlie piece is admirably put upon the stage, the scenery and costumes being especially grind. Tlie House is nightly crowded, and the pieee'thus far has been the most successful of the season. Mr. Di mpit*r's pretty theatre is nightly crowded by the admirers of An English Lass, the said 'lass' being Margaret Catchpole, as played by Miss Lily Dampier. Mr. Dampier's stage pictures are a credit to his artist, and the drill of his company is a credit to himself. His people do everything reasonably well, and when they have a piece like this which evidently fit's their tastes and their capabilities, tliey all do admirable work. Miss Lily Dampior's Margaret Catchpole is a capital piece of heroic and emotional acting, and ono that proves that however great her success may presently be in other walks of her profession, she is already a popular and skilful delineator of the heroines of domestic drama. # , o If I were a seal I really would strike if I were kept waiting for my dinner until the Manly bont came in at eight o'clock in tho evoning. However, it is great fun to sep tho seals fed, and that is the first item in the fun prepared for visitors to tho Aquarium. The seal is a creature who is blessed with an enormous apnetite, nnd ho is punctual at meal times. He is not par ticular about cooking, and he utters sounds expressive of huge satisfaction as ho gob bles down his food. He really does lovo his keeper. Sometimes he shows his affec tion as the rustic did who said — ' I lovos yer so I could guar yor.' for the seal will ofton take a bite at his keeper if he gets a chanco. Tho appetite and intelligence of tlio seal enable the keeper who knows his trade to mako nu interesting exhibition of the feeding. Thus, at Antworp, where the seal pond is enormous and well stocked, tho ksep'r stations himself on a ledge and calls Charley, Emma, Harry, Jane, or whntover the Flemish equivalents for those names may be, aud as at each call he throws a fish into the water a shiny black head hobs up and the fish goes down aud tlio loud gobbling Oiee-Oiee-oh-oli-oo is heard around. 1 am nfraid the fishes that are supposed to be intended for Charley reach Emma sometimes, and that Jane is naughty enough to swallow Harry's dinner now and then. But as every name called produces a seal, and every fish thrown finds an open mouth ready to receive it, no one cares much whether the names fit the exact seals who come or not. This interesting exhibition the authorities at the Manly Aquarium are organising, and you see fhe seals fed be fore you go and see Professor Baldwin, and Mrs. Baldwin, and Miss Kate Hart Russell. # * » Professor Baldwin lias a vein of dry, quiet humour which makes it very for tunate for him that his entertainment is not concerned with real ghosts instead of sham ones. The real ghosts would bo bound to laugh; and then tho solemnity of the evening would be spoiled. Mrs. Clara Baldwin does the Clairvoyant business re markably well, and Mis Kate Hart-RuBsell dances and sings and changes costume, and generally comports herself like an exceedingly attractive young lady. ' Tho moonlight nights aro coming, love,' Thus spako an ardent beau. ' Just moot mo at the quay, my lovo — To Manly we will go. Tlio ghosts, tho seals, tho fishes, and tho grottoes and tho wine, Aro good as thoy can bo, my lovo, And the ices aro divine. Two bob a nob is all I seo That I shall havo to pay. And cheap tho chanco appears to bo For spooning on tlio bay.' * m a Miss Carrie Swain has but three nights more to stay, and judging from her past success, she will see the house full on each of them. Those who havo not seen her had better do so at once, and those who have seen her had better go and take a last farewell. ? # * Mr. Huenerbein's Sydnoy Concert Com ply gave a splendid concert at St. Leonards last Monday, in which Miss Frances Savillc particularly distinguished herself. They appear at the Oddfellows' Hall, Waverley, on Monday next, the com pany, as before, comprising Mr. Hallewell, Mr. Knight-Aston, Mr. Gainor, Miss Cowley, and Miss Frances Saville, with Little Elsie Stanley Hall as solo pianist. These concerts contain a full programme of carefully selected music, to which the greatest justice is done by tho accomplished musicians engaged. » » » | M. Horace Poussard, the eminent violinist, is to give six suburban con certs under tho skilled direction of Mr. C. Huenerbein. The first of these entertainments will be given at the School of Arts, Ashfield, next Friday. The vocalists will be Mr. Halle well and Madame Poussard and M. Cyril de Valmoncy, tho best of our rising pianists, is to appear, ns is also Mr. C. Huenerbein. ? ? * ' For ever,' ' Never,' the Strasbnrg Clock ticks on, meaning ' For ever' the public come, and ' Never' will it be necessary for me to be moved from my .station in the Apollo Hall. ? * » . # The five'3&4^H^flH the Exhibition Building are to be reinforced next week, I am informed, by the engagement of Messrs. Aginton and Maltby; the champion skaters, who have just been doing very well in Adelaide. There were five thousand people at the Exhibition on Saturday evening for all of whom there was ample entertain ment. The circus, the trained animals, the Japanese Village, and tho conjuring are quite enough iudcelto entertain all Sydney for the next few months. The combination is extremely attractive, aud it is to bo hoped the enterprise of the management will be fully rewarded. ? E. 