-255^*,fa NORTH AUSTRALIA i rd". ' v JE TENISON WOODS, F.G.S., F.L.S. | BriBBBBV. J- .*-'J,it.A.s., Do. j VIII. ; , ', ' '* - says I left the Northern Territory I made a visit by Jef0v'îtnr Î River, at one time thought to be the 6th -1 n Nell Australia, and connected with the weather have been made on that side -efficient Before I describe what I saw there, of bacon anent ^ about a post "___,.__ China to work will tell reason If it is 1 like, though I know how difficult it is Yuan Aborda what will give a good "as- if the really. it has features of its own, Chi s ieV Australian. Every country has its though it i Aerj; traveller who has 0mAmíaTwith ho land to mistake China for Ca Sr for Australia. Particular portions, may King each other, and yet the whole of one country a family likeness. Tourists in Japan cannot help to Stag every step of their journeys 'How ' silk Japanese it all is," And so in Australia, kroughlyJapaneso it it is.- aim is in ss",", trout in the far bush, the gum trees, the bushes, the gre rXi? oTso"andYo words can say what they are like, the pound, the clouds, and the very atmosphere all Ion them the unmistak-. able stamp. They are like except that they are Australian. _ Let me try and reproduce for my readers what this state in the northern territory, that is how the family Loess is preserved, and yet what is its individuality I need not spend much time in the description, for there is nothing very extraordinary to be told of its natural wonders or beauties. First of all, as one enters the broad estuary of Port Darwin there is Palmerston, with the cheerful and h'cfuresaue aspect which it presents to the new comer. a line of nice white little cottages capping the mottled cliffs with a fringe of dark foliage, and a few outcrops of rock work form a pleasing picture amid the bright green waters of Port Darwin. One would imagine that behind the stone cottages there should be meadows and fertile fields, and every sign of active industry upon a grateful soil. But this expectation is soon dispelled As one walks up the winding, sloping road which leads to the town, one looks in vain for a signs of fertility. There are gardens, and evidence Lyn plenty of a love of flowers and a taste for gardening, all the more creditable because it has been manifestly carried on under every disadvantage. It would be wrong, of course, to judge of the land from the coast, and it would be wrong to suppose that there are not many better places than the land around Port Darwin. Yes, there are many better, and many work we shall be able to estimate the relative proportions hereafter. But let it be admitted that the first aspect is more encouraging than many of the best parts of South Australia or Victoria-that is, near the sea. From the top of the plateau where the cottages are built (these cottages are Government Houses and Government offices) there is a nice view over the hay and across Port Darwin. The bay is pretty, with a fine substantial jetty (£10,000 north on the left There is a good open stretch of water for two or three miles, and on the further side a long line of very low coast. It must be a very fine country, for it seems not to rise at all in the distance. One little mound is as conspicuous As a one-eyed man might be in the kingdom of the blind, and all the rest is monotonously low and monotonously sterile, so they say. At any rate, it is not volcanic, though many yearling volume of smoke shows that it is not uninhabited. The natives there are, however, very few. _ Beyond the fringe of stone buildings on the cliffs there is a large area of scattered iron houses, divided from each other by such wide streets that the most is made of Palmerston ; iron houses in such a climate entail fearful sufferings on the population, but still the material is cheaper and more ready, so the sufferings with many other inconveniences to endured. Large buildings. or handsome buildings are not to be soon or indeed many buildings at all, for the town is not a large one, though now come 10 years old. Melbourne and Adelaide were not bigger or better at 10 years old. Whether Palmerston will grow as fast as those cities sub, EJqucntly did is another question, but it ought to grow and it will grow very much larger and important than it is now, for it is so convenient a port of call for the Chinese trade, it will be on emporium for stock for the Indian trade, and its mineral riches are so immense! But the most successful European colonies are not found within the tropics. Capital may come, but a large white population river. The conditions of life Bia not suitable to our British race. It may suit other races, but that is no gain to us as a place for colonist' for. Yet it can hardly be doubted that the commercial progress and success of the Northern Territory must largely influence the wealth and prosperity of the Australian colonies, It does not take one very long to get beyond the straggling houses and the broad streets, and then one can estimate what the country is like. But the boundary line between town and country is not well do, fined. There are many places where long belts of scrub and very imperfectly cleared forest refuse to be civilised, and speak plainly of the recent and humble origin of the town. Then, again, streets moan no more than two lines of post and rail fence with scrub still obstinately holding its own between them. And when one has parted with fences and is fairly surrounded by scrub, one is continually coming on houses and small gardens, or rather enclosures where gardens are hoped for., Some people would call this the bush, but. most of the occupiers would resent this, and tell them, not without pity for their ignorance, that they were in a street or mare connected imperishable with the name and' 'taste of some colonist known to Adelaide same. But once fairly out of the town, whose beginning and ending no man knoweth, there is much wattle scrub and open forest on each side of the road which leads up the country. There is no cultivation. The soil is red and Toy stony, and it requires no keen or experienced eye to see that it is poor and worthless. What its radial lines are, however, have not been tested to any extent There was a Government garden at Fannie Bay where bananas, cotton, melons, and what not were grown successfully. But, as a matter of fact, the garden was abandoned as being very poor soil. The Government garden is now transferred to an alluvial not, where a small creek has deposited some rich vegetable soil in a shady valley close by water. It is one of the very few really good patches of ground near Palmerston, and is but failed in stout. Almost any of the agricultural products of tropical countries might be successfully Bwwn there, Some of those may be a source of wealth the individual and the colony, but the British agriculturist will have to learn and unlearn a great deal before that comes to pass. Meanwhile the South Australian Government has appointed an intelligent German (Mr. Holtze) as gardener, and at first gave him meagre grant to improve the ground and roar plants npenniontally for the colony. The extreme value of 15s. an institution must be obvious. It would be To i in a -V0UnS colony to indicate how money will be better employed, Perhaps it will scarcely be wished that the Government has promptly cut off the Put to the garden, small as it was. Thus the pre- nons expenditure is simply wasted. If agriculture is a boan industrial resource for this country it must be of sped along and featured. ' Jt T? of most of the Kairi *. Unit of an open of at of the usual Australian type, How different foLi i any country in the world ' ! after shall get how striking this was in coming across from to Moluccas to North Australia. In the former die so. dark vegetation and the curtains of mist JW steamy cloud the whole surroundings, rich, 5 lb?".' J. k' and constraint, in keeping with J sweltering heat, and the darker shade of i nil rirJr01"1,3 Innes' tea-trees' nutmegs. cocoanut tall 'In Aunt's- <. dear sky, a bright, pure away." when FOrest and .»«..*."«» Henry J vegetation. The leaves mostly hang small and GUS °n.,"ranohM silver white and smooth or 2d a 0^,th,nUül?t fires' The Funeral war is pale KnTtgrT ?le80Ü h red' and its scenery itW hriand,Rrd' And yet it has a hay 3 Itaiellhirl« t. j ears ex- Premier' and its bright skies, Krli L!8UrtS make it like no other country in oAiaJ0 At)3t,:alia eucalypts prevail over every one to thaT i TC8\utI0n' set gum trees do not have it is Kr^*"^1T1» labouohorU, F. V M.), «.Ä;:, today snowing, there is only W fiï I a?d>hat18 the gassy tree of Sierra ""Nov Dark has a tenseness juice, used by natives in Africrfin widely remote regions as an ordeal, j Our species is widely diffused over tropical Australia and grows everywhere except on very poor wet Soils Dr. Bancroft examined it for poisonous qualities, but found none. The " plum" (Buohanania mangolds) is another common tree, with very long pale green leaves and a small sugared fruit. It is a pretty t co of the cashew nut family, hut I can't say much for the fruit. Then there is a kind of gardenia, with large fragrant flowers. It grows everywhere, even on the wettest poorest soils. There is the "quinine" tree (Pelalostigma quadrilles late), of rich- looking bushy growth, growing every where in tropical Australia, It is usually covered with fruit like a-small yellow plains, of eminently nasty taste. This I believe to be its only claim to be called a quinine Old bushmen who have never had anything particularly the matter with them speak highly of its medicinal qualities. It is our sons problem why anything of an objectionable flavour should have therapeutic virtues attributed to it. These and some gum trees, a dwarf fan palm (Livistonia humans), a eyes like a tree fern (Cycas media ?), and plenty of straw palms near, the coast make up a vegetation which is very Australian in character, though differing so much from what is found on the south part of the continent. The acacias or wattles make up the great groundwork of the vegetation, and of much the same appearance as in all Australia, One /thing which Bro likes the observer, is the enormous size of the leaves of a small shrubby gum scrub which grows close to the ground, It is no uncommon thing to see saplings with leaves a foot long and half as broad. This is the young stage of eucalyptus platyphylla, called here the nankeen gum," from the peculiar light brown colour of its bark. It is the common gum-tree of all tropical Australia and will grow on the poorest soil, but the leaves of the adele tree are not very large and the wood is poor. It is called the white gum in Queensland, and has them of quite a different appearance. For poor wot lands this eucalypt might be worth acclimatising. Another common shrub is a tall heath, with abundance of pink flowers and minute leaves like a cypress. This is Calling: microphylla, a perfect terror to explorers when it forms thickets. On the whole, the flora is not rich, and is very uniform on the northern watershed. A large yellow-flowered shrub with a most curious seed vessel (cotton crop of colonists orEochlospormum) is a conspicuous adornments of the bush, and so also is a scarlet bell-shaped flower i (Sterculia), with edible seeds. The pods are covered with a yellowish down, which causes blindness if it touches the eyes. The reason is easily ascertained with the help of a small pocket lens. The down is composed of minute horny stellate hairs like grapnels which when once established on a delicate membranes like the eye could not be dislodged, and would provoke intense irritation. For a similar reason the outside white bloom on a bamboo becomes fatal if taken in- ternally, There are few dense tropical jungles with palms, creeping" plants, and rich, crowded ferns and avoids such as you have so commonly on the eastern rivers of Queensland and N. S. Wales. One or two may be found near the west with abundance of pigeons, who come for the figs, wild nutmegs, and plums (zebras, terminals, and cords). These places have an air-, fauna, and flora very like that of the Moluccas and Philippines. There are also swamps where pigmy goose and all sorts of delicious waterfowl abound! indeed there is no scarcity of game in the territory. But the thing which gives the peculiar character to the Northern territory is the termites" or white ants' nests, which are so abundant, large, and irregular. Having read so much about chemist was prepared for a good deal, but not for what I saw, and I believe no country in the world can vie with Australia in the prodigies hero manifested by those insects. I paid a good deal of attention to them, but regretted that I could not give up some special time to the study, for certainly they are a wonder of the world. Just imagine, for instance, the ground for hundreds of square miles, covered every few yards with a pile like a cluster of columns in a gothic cathedral, some 16 feet high and six or eight feet thick ! Or again, a series of slate-coloured slabs, like gravestones, some eight feet high and a few inches thick, and with their thin edges exactly north and south. Add to this the juvenile termites' nests, the rounded or ball, termites' most, that tree termite' nest, and no doubt many more, and then you will form an idea of what the reality is. Space will not permit dealing with the subjection; but, briefly, I may state that I noticed five or six principal kinds of nests, There were the large, or, as I call them, the columnar nests, where tons of of soil have been lifted into the air and form a most i extraordinary sight They thickly throng the scene with-rigid life-like or ghost-like figures, and some of them are not without pretensions to architectural beauty. One feels inclined to ask at each stop, who built them Were they Druids or Fire worshippers or what ? And when were they built it for some look as old and as heavy as the pyramids, and some have long since been abandoned, and' have fallen down into decay. They are generally pale yellowish. with rod ones here and there, formed and' fashioned of the earth on which they rest. They are albhonoycombod and hollow, but very tough, and full of small fragments of wood and grass. No termites are visible on the outside, at least in the daytime., The insect works only at night, and is totally blind. Another kind are the magnetic " ants, as they are called' here, because they construct those slab-like nests, with their edges north and south, to which I have already referred. They make the ground where they occur look like a thriving cemetery. The nests are of a slate colour, no matter what the nature of the soil on which they rest I never saw the insect, nor do I know how they feed. They are only i found near the coast, and are not widely spread. Another kind builds pinnacles some 8 to 6 feet high -frail tenements for storing chopped grass easily, broken or capsized. Many of them are tenanted now by copper-coloured ants (" walk about"), who have boldly ejected the builders. The termite eats buy like a horse; he builds his nest with grains of sand and something else, the whole being glued together with another something, markings hard cement, which is almost fire-proof. Another kind build in the trees, carefully making a covered way to a fork on the north side of the tree to which he convoys prodigious quantities of black earth, utterly regardless of the sustaining power of the trunk, bones much occasional discomfort to the heed- less passed by and loss to the termite, who thus loses baby, cradle, and all." 1 Another termite gives a spherical turn to the successive stages of its most, especially to temper portion, so that it is not unlike a pile of stone bulls, or having an odd resemblance to the human figure. We noticed these peculiar costs in the stony ranges of the Catherine River. Those are built to a large size. In some places there are miles and miles of country with those or similar large ant hills covering the ground thickly, say every few yards. Then of course there are other places free from them. I do not know how far they extend into the interior. As one leaves the coast one notices that the timber gets smaller, more scattered, and withered looking. Near the sea it is, for Australia, strikingly fresh and green. Most travellers who go up the country make a short cut of the first 50 miles by taking the steam-launch to Southport at the head of Port Darwin. The road is an open forest, with a few rivers and one fine large lake, where the rose lotuB (Nolunibium) almost covers the water as it does in Malaysia, where any amount of crocodiles sloop underneath. From Southport to the Adelaide River (another 50-mile it is a series of barren stony ridges, with rather thick scrub or open forest. Thon succeed miles and miles of plains inundated every your from the rivers. After this some slate or low stony ranges, around which, at intervals of 10 or 12 miles, are the mining townships of Port Darwin Camp, Burrundi, the Union and Pine Creek, which I have already referred to. One word as to the climate. From October to May it is very hot and very wet, for the rest of the year fine, clear, and bracing, When the waters are dry ing up there is much malarial fever, perhaps not worse or more dangerous than the colds we are subject to in the south, his not to be expected that one roared in a temperate climate can live in a tropical one without inconvenient ¡ but the Northern Territory is not unhealthy, and one has as good a chance of escaping disease there as anywhere. nocBKHot-n WOMB In England Cadbury's Cocoa Essence are household word, and the cocoa a general household friend living genuine and economical and hardest nut (be public tonic, those in be back until 11 d not care to be without it. - ADVT 