THE AUSTRALIAN CUF. Having dealt with tho Newmarket Han dicap, my duties compel me to direct my attention to the above. With respect to the former, it is no easy task, as almost any horse with pretensions to being a ; racer has a show of getting to the end of the journey, but with the latter things are .completely different. It takes [ a rocohorje to negotiate even a mile and | a half in respectable time, and that being so, how much more is required of them to got the extra three-quarters. Consequently there are but few in the event whose chances are worth ])eruBing, and starting with the lop weight, Trenton, who has Hst.Hlb., there appears to be nothing better in the race. If he is as well as he was during the Melbourne Cup meeting he will take no end of beat ing. Judging from his ri'.-i home 111 the Cup there would be nothing in the race had it been the extra quarter, and to the Maori I look for something good. Nelson follows with only lll). loss. He, too, has covered himself with e\erlasting glory, and must be put ou the right side. Grace Darling, good mare though she may be, together with Mr. M. Louglilin's Sheet Anchor, does not appear to have a ghost of a show, while Arsenal, who has to take up a stone for his Melbourne Cup win, cannot be said to have the remotest look in with 1 ronton, who meets him with 1411). advantage. Sardius is about the most leniently treated horso in the race, and if reports be true that he has completely recovered from the effects of the Caulfield accident, 83t. 71b. should be no burden for the son of Emulation to carry to the front. I like him immensely. . Trident has a stone more than he had in tho Melbourne Cup. That I10 is a colt above all others we have in the land no ono will deny, but I scarcely think he can give such weight to several of his seniors. After all is said and dono I10 is only a liorse. and I fear that in his case it is something like putting tho 'last straw on his back. Honeydew, Dunlop, and Volcano do not impress me as starters. Bohemian, with 7st. 1211)., if I10 can got the distance, has little to complain of. Britisher, with 111), less, reads well. He has proved beyond a doubt that ko can finish resolutely at the end of^ a long journey, and an aged horse of his ability has nothing to complain about with 7st. 111b. He certainly should be well up at the finish. Kitawa, 7st. till)., has 31b. more than he finished fifth with in the Melbourne Cup. If the information whispered to me about I..- 1. -.1 ? wherein he beat Commotion's trial by seconds, he must be considered dangerous. Passing 011, Crossfire .strikes me as being in it up to her neck, and the daughter of Goldsbrough— Powder, if well on tho day, will beat more than beat her. Lochiel has been two miles on several occasions, and always acquitted himself with praise. There is 110 reason why he should not do tho same ou this occasion, as ho has far less to carry. The'only other horse that strikes me as having a claim on the prize is Ocean, who with Gst., is the most dangerous outsider. From tho foregoing remarks it will be obserred, that I like thechanec3 of Trenton, Nelson, Sardius, Britisher, Kitawa, Cross fire, Lochiel, and Ocean. , 