SABINA ZEMBRxV. A NOVEL, By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of " Macleod of Dare," " A Princess of tnule," kc. (The right of title is Reserved.) riTAPTER XXXVI.— New Quarters. "And this is what they call the jocund morn" Walter Liudsay remarked to him- gelf, as he was leisurely dressing by pas' light. It was about 9 o'clock. Outside" the great world of London lay steeped in a ncavy anu siumocrous log. dense, immovable, mysterious, with here and there 'a black ghost passing through the Eatfron-hucd darkness. And yet he (iid not complain overmuch. There were other and more cheerful visions before his eyes. Ho was about to take a little run down into Stirrer, just to recall what an Knghsh winter was like in the country ; and it was quite possible that he might be led into making a series of water-color studies, ex tending over several mow lis, indeed, if only he could fiud convenient quarters. Nor did he at all seek to conceal from himself that his main purpose in going down into the country was that he might perhaps have Sabina for neighbor. No; on the con trary, he strove to persuade himself that lie should approach her without any anxiety or misgiring whatcver. Why shouid there be any embarrassment ? He would have nothing to do with trembling hopes and fears. It was for Sabina herself to decide what their relationship should ibe — of the simplest, if go she wished it. But she could hardly refuse him her friendship. She would not turn away from him, without a reason. And Itwoald be a very pleasant thing for him to know that this beautiful sister and com panion — or acquaintance, even, if she pre ferred that — was not more than an hour or two's walk away. Perhaps she wonld give him a cup of tea as he passed. They might meet at church of a Sunday morning, and 6troll homeward together. He could leave little presents for the boy, or illustrated papers or magazines for herself, or a basket of fruit, perhaps, got down from Covent Garden. Sister and friend, if so she wished it : he was content. And so he looked for ward to meeting Sabina with equanimity and a light heart. During the morning matters outside mended somewhat ; the fog grew gradually thinner; and bv the time he issued forth, the sun was actually visible — appearing like a small Hispano-Moresque plate in an atmo sphere of opaque milky-white. Jtwasnloiw wav across Loudon to Waterloo Station ; when he reached that hollow-resounding place, with its cold platforms and shivering porters, there was even a faint suggestion of blue in the sky : he was now secure of a bright day for his first dip into Surrey. Hebudm.de up his mind that on this occasion he would not seek to see Sabina. He would merely have a look round the neigh borhood, todiscover if it would suit his purpose. His own dim recollection of it was that it was pretty fiat— heathy commons, ponds, scattered villages and so forth. But in any case there was more variety a little way farther to the south — by Box-hill and 3iiekleham Downs ; and then again it. was atmospheric effects he was aiming at rather than pronouueed landscape. Frosty moon light mghfcs, snow-scenes, wan wini ry sun- rises anu the like ; t huse were what ne was after : he could afford, in this series of studies at least, to dispense with the conventionally picturesque. .And if ho did happen to meet Sabina un this journey of exploration, of course he would speak to her. She would hardly be surprised. It was a landscape- painter's business to be about the country iu all seasons. He would tell hov his aims. And she would understand that his choice of this neighborhood w:is dictated chiefly by the fact of there being a conve nient little hotel at Durford-Bridgc. which would afford him excellent head-quarters. But still — still— as the train jogged on its way through tho wintry lvighsh landscape, with its irregular litllc fields and tall hedges, its dank raw greens and reds, its pale sun shine and vaporous distances, he began to be less conviced that lie should meet Sabina iu this easy and matter-of-fact fashion. There were some tilings he could not quite forget. He could not forget how, in former days, when Sabina made her ap pearance — whether at the top of the stairs at the l'oyal Academy, or alighting from her cab in front of his own house, or as he casually encountered her in Ken sington Higli-street — there was a kind of bewilderment caused hv the straightforward look of her clear, beautiful, bland eyes. He could nor. forget the glamor of her presence as she sat beside him at the supper-table, the charm of her smile, the mystic fascina tion of her voice and ins own desperate anxiety to be kind to her and to entertain her in every possible way. Things were changed, ii. is true. Then she was the admired of all — radiant- and beautiful and queenly ; conferring favor by the mere touch of her hand ; bringing with her an atmos phere of light and happiness and sunshine whithersoever she went ; now she was solitary and apart from friends and a widow. And then he remembered — in these rather wistful reverie.-, as he sat and looked out oil the ever-changing wintry land scape — that Muuna Giovanna was a widow when at- last Fodcvigo won her love. But then Monna iGovarma was rich and had everything to give, whereas Federigo. when he had sacrificed his falcon for her sake, had parted with the last of his possessions. And then again he recalled Junto's often-repeated saying, ' There is but the one way of winning Js.ibic's love, and that is through her pity.' Ho was in no promising case, theu! ln honest truth, he could not compassionate himself about any thing. He was in the best oE health, with the years still lying lightly on hi.s shoulders ; he had won for himself a position as an artist which he considered quite commensu rate with his merits ; he was of good descent: he had- mere money than met his needs: he had lots of friends. JJe know of no par ticular reason why lie should be pitied ; except, perhaps, that lie had the misfortune to be very much in love with a woman — and even in that direction he did not struggle hard with his fate. " Whitstead The sudden sound startled him out of these reveries ; and involuntarily and anicklv ho frlannrM-l rnnml tlin nlnt. form. But there was no one going away by the train ; and he was the only person who alighted ; when he had given up his ticket and passed through the small building, he found himsslf alone, with the road lying before him towards tiie village. And here he paused, in dire uncertainty, almost in fear. It was one thing to think of Sabina when he was three or four thousand miles away ; it was another to find himself almost within a stone's-throwof her, bo that any moment lie might find himself confronted by her startled «»yes. If only he could at once go forward and lake her hand and say, " Dear friend, don't be alarmed. It is true I have come to sec you — to be near you. But I will vex you with no importuni ties. You shall be my sister, if you wish it —my sister and friend ; and I will ask you to let me sec you occasionally and to help you in any way that may arise/" But "would not these very explanations be em barrassing — nay, impossible ! And now he wished lie had> gone on to Burford Bridge and remained there until the arrival of his painting materials. He had not even a note book and pencil. with him to innke pretence, Bupposing he were suddenly to meet Sabina and have to tell his tale. "And wlmt if she were to resent his coming thus unannounced and uninvited? He 1>egan to think it would be better for him to avoid Wit- stead ; there .would . be some other route by which he could make his way to Burford Bridge. . And yet an overpowering fascination of curiosity drew him on, bit by bit, towards the village. He regarded the most trivial thing around him' with the keenest interest. This road.' now — 'crisp and hard it was in the grip of' the frost, and tne ruts made by the cartwheels wore gleaming white with ice —this was the road Sabina would come along «®eh time she went to London. And of course she would be quite familiar with all these things— the wintry hedges, the wide Btreteh of common, with its patches of dark- green gorsc, the pond now ruffled into silver by a slight wind from the north. And still he went on with an eye c ist well forward. If only he could see her cottage, then he "would go aw.ay content. But how was he to make out which of these straggling houses was hers ? He met no one, and so could not Mk, As he drew nearer he couli see two or three small children playing about ; other wise, the -main thorought'atv seemed quite deserted, for, although there were two heavily-laden wains in front of the Checkers, the drivers had gone inside. Finally, after a moment's hesitation he took heart of grace, walked boldly forward, crossed tbe road and (Mitered the inn,. £rO BE CONTINUED.) 