A FBBNCH PRIEST ON ENGLSESH MIS GOVERNMENT IN IRELAND. ?;??-? : . ? . REASONS FOR QBASTTlNG HOME RULE. ? , PERE E,f-3 ilENNETEL's LECTURE. The lecture by the Very Rev. P. Le Kemsetel, S.M., ot St. Patrick's, Sydney, in aid of the Library iuncl -of the Shamrock Club, r, brief reference to which appeared in our last issue,, attracted a laro-e audience. The lecture was delivered in the New Masonic Hall, and the title of it was ' The Cause HE xreland as viewed by a Foreigner in 1887.'- Mr James Toohey, M.P. 'for South Sydney, occupied the chair, and on the platform were the Very Rev .Dean O'Connor, of ArniidaleV the Rev. P. T Corco ran, of Morpeth j the Rev. D. Doyle, of Lismore ; ithettev. Fathers Gla^heen, P. Ryan, Piquet, S.M., -Coue, S.M., Gin'isr,v. S.1VT on,i m,,,.iOtt 'a it? ';' Messrs. John T. Toohey, F. B. FreehilL M.A., President of the Irish National League ; B. Mu3 roney, J, Ward, T. D. Burke, 3al. O'Hava, J. MGuiiHaess, President of the Shamrock Club; and ^ldernian P. Kirby. J.P. Thfe chairman graoetully introduced the very rev. lecturer. Father Le Eennetel, having1 acknowledged the hearty and prolonged applause with which he was greeted on rising, proceeded to say that there is a cause that every man has a right to plead and to champion. I speak (he continued) of the cause of justice and liberty, and by this t know you will readily uadorstand under existing circum stances that I mean the cause of Ireland. (Ap plause.) I am, as you know, a Frenchman, and appearing to-night, so to speak;, in. the role of critic of misgovernment in Ireland, I fancy I can b.ear some one whispering in my ear the proverb which tells us that people who live in glass houses should nofc throw stones. (Laughter.) I know well the misfortunes, the present mis fortunes of the land of my birth, formerly the classical land of chivalry and heroism. But is it because Jj ranee, like a mighty giaufc, wrestles and struggles in the suckers of the octopus of secret societies thai; a Frenchman should be debarred from speaking on behalf of suffering, and in con demnation of oppression in another country ? (No, no.) If any nation owes a duty of gratitude to Ireland, is it not France— France, in whose ser vice hundreds of thousands of Irishmen fought, and no lean tlaaa four hundred and fifty thousand gallantly gave their lives? Surely omti tude cauRot be a crime. (Cheers.) But apart from this sentiment of gratitude there is nofc a cause in our days more worthy of sympathy than the 'cause of Ireland ; there is not a cause having a greater claim to the attention and study of every 'thoughtful man, for it is a cause of deepest interest to all humanity. (Great applause.) What do we find on looking into what is called the Irish question ? A nation of industrious, in telligent, sensitive, and noble-spirited peGple in the throes of oppression— denied the rights of self-government— a country capable of supporting 20,000,000 of inhabitants, yet peopled by only 5,000,000 of inhabitants. Seek the why or the wherefore, and it is seen that this deplorable and unhappy state of things is directly due, in our own times at all events, to the mismanagement, the ill-fated policy of a Government which mis ujiderstands alike the character and the aspira ?tions of the people, and crushing the industry and the enterprise and the political freedom of the na tion, keeps it in poverty and in discontent. (Hear, hear.) In the face of these facts I would ask those who uphold this misgovernment, Do you wish every man outside of Ireland to shut Ms ears that he may not catch the sound of the , sobs of the afflicted and patiently enduring people, to close his eyes that he may not see, and seeing, pity the sufferings and hardships of the poor un fortunate victim of the cruel and ruthless evictor ? (Applause.) Can you ask, I would say to the sup porters of such an inhuman and degrading policy, ?can you ask it of any man in whose breast beats a heart, to quietly stand by and look on at the harrowing scenes of daily occurrence, to look on ?without moving his hand or raising his voice while feeble white-haired men and women, and weak and sickly infants are thrown out of their wrecked cabins on the cold, pitiless roadside, and all to gratify the greed or the vengeance of a tyrant landlord? (Applause.) Can it be said for a moment that the laws of a country are other than iniquitous which crush the spirit of all native enterprise, close up the natural avenues of labour and of progress, and sap the very life of the nation by driving away across foreign seas the youth and flower of the country's peasantry ? (Applause.) It is be cause I feel and sympathize for Ireland that I am here to-night, and I think I may say that the affecting history of Ireland's troubles and mis fortunes, her wrougs aud her sufferings, now being read in its true light for the first time throughout the world, has enlisted not only the sympathy of my own countrymen but of millions of others in every part of the world. (Applause.) The time is gone when the British Parliament, whilst tens of thousands were dying of starvation in Ireland as in 1847, could quietly sit down on the banks of the Thames, and without giving a care to the miseries of the sister isle, discuss the Hares ani Raboits Bill, the Deceased Wife's Sister's Bill, the Burials Bills, and others of little or no importance. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Now things and times have changed, and the claims of the Irish people can no longer be ignored at Westminster (applause), and justice to Ireland is demanded by men whose words in the champion ship of the givat cause of Home Rule not only command attention within the walb of the Com mons and the Lords but ring in every quarter of the globe. (Cheers.) England can no longer prevent the world knowing and condemning her foolish and her fatal policy — to call it by no harder \ name — towards freland ; no longer can the shocking . effects of misrule be hidden or excused (applause)' and it must be added that England has not so many friends abroad as to be able any longer to affect contempt or indifference for the criticisms and condemnations of other nations. (Applause.) After a graphic picture of Ireland as she is at the present day with her 'jubilee coercion,' her packed juries and her partisan judges, and her army of soldiers, police, and b-iiliffs, carrying on the last struggle on behalf of the doomed rack-renter, Father Le Eenuetel alluded to the recent cele bration of the Queen's Jubilee in England. lie land now-a-dav8 always crops up l.ke tho ghost . at the banquet, in the midst of English rejoicing. What waa the meaning of all the display of soldiers and police on Jubilee Day ? It io said that the British Government were afraid of the Irish. (Laughter.) Wow, why that fear f Is an Irishman by nature a rebel or a .Colon ? (No, no.) Certainly not; and 1 chail give two proofs-. My first witness shall be an Englishman^ Lucas j who says — '. 'Tho Irish pcnsimtry is the finest in tho world. The frrtevoourao I havo hnd -with, thorn has left on my mind a Vory strong1 impression, and there is not in the world a people ior whom a man of any heart would sooner lay «o»'ii hia life. But the wrongs they continue to endure fill mo with a put siowlra indignation which I hardly know how to express 6v repress.' Applause.) Now hear what the illustrious Bishop of. Orleans, Mgr. Dupanloup, has to say of the Irish people — * ' What shall I say of the Irish race ? It is evidont that the races of tho north and the south mingled hero then,' Mood and different qualities to form a distinct p6ople- ek pansive ardour aud pationt tenacity; fertile inmi'inatiou and uubeudii'ff courage, truthfulness and constancy, love of solitude and a passion for noble adVHntur.es. They have preserved as wo havd that sort of. everlnstinf? youth, that generous enfchusia&irt;, which takes such pleasure in the memory of: the pSst- and in tho inspirations towards the future. They have preserved nobility of sentiment ; and nobility of sontimeut with piety of the heart ia the finest CoVrSi1 of the soul. A people religious and ardent, monastic and warlike, missionary and civilizing— aud when faith demanded that mighty testimony of love, a people of martyrs.' (Applause.) Father Le Rennetel, continuing, said that if Ireland could speak for itself at the present moment it would probably say, as the witty Sydney Smith once said to an inquiring1 friend, ' I have seven or eight complaints just now, but in all other respects 1 am perfectly well.' (Laughter J The two great questions of the settlement of the land and the granting of Legislative Independence were then ably dealt with. On the subject - I:' the ownership of the land Father L' T?,»iv'^'i b--- -ight many excellent and logical ..t|,u.ucuu o bear. Of course (said the lecturer), it is perfectly cer tain and out of question that in Ireland as well as anywhere else anyone who has property law fully acquired is the master of it — the property is his own. Bat there lies the difficulty between landlords and tenants in Ireland. The landlords are in possession of the land, but did they acquire it by lawful means ? History alone can give the answer, and history answers : No. (Great ap plause.) The landlords in Ireland are, the majority of them, the children of the myrmidons of Strongbow, Spenser, and Cromwell, who had no title to the laud they distributed amongst their favourites. Of course, it is outside my place to give you the history of the spoliation of Ireland ; to do so I would have to write the history of three hundred years. But enough can be easily said to prove that the Irish land lords never came justly into the posses sion of the land they now occupy. (Applause.) The best and most impartial authorities were then quoted by Father Le Rennetel to show how the lands had been either wrongly disposed of or confiscated. Proceeding, Father Le Eennetel said : In my opinion it is of the greatest im portance that this question of the possession of the land should be settled. It should be settled even before Home Rule is obtained, for if it is not, the result will be that the burden of com pensating the landlords for giving back the people's land will fall upoa the new native Irish Parliament instead of on the British Government. Expedients will not suffice. Irish people must have their rights. Give them back their land. (Applause.) It is their patrimony. Repair three hundred years of injustice by an act of equity. Give a good land law to tho Irish people, and the Green Isle will become the garden of Europe. (Cheers.) It was never intended by Providence to be the grazing land of England. It was to be the support of a great people. But the best land laws will not remedy the wrongs of the past unless in the land courts you place men who are in sympathy with the people — men of incorruptible integrity, to whose conscience no landlord need fear to apply for his just claims. It is by the sanction and the emis saries of the Government of England that the Irish people were spoiled of their land ; then let the English Government buy up the land and give it back to its lawful owners. It is the only, means to bridge over that gulf of hatred which, exists between the two nations, and to establish between them a community of interest, and a hearty co-operation for the common weal. (Cheers.) Is there a man in Australia who, if he be not fettered by a bigoted spirit, will say that the Irish people have no right to claim for them selves the blessings that we enjoy in this south ern hemisphere ? Where is the man with a thoroughly sound judgment who 'will say that Ireland has no right to agitate to make her own laws? (Applause.) Home Rule is now no mere political theory, it is the most absorbing measure . in the field cf practical politics (applause), and. the carrying of it is no question now of chance but of positive certainty. (Cheers.) 'The desire of national freedom,' says John George McCarthy, so well and eloquently, 'and the hope of it has never left the national heart. . . ? ' It is always there, vehement, deep-seated, wide spread, apparently indestructible, underlying every agitation, outliving every concession, flash ing in the eye, flushing in the cheek of most Irish men and women, rich and poor, educated and ignorant, Catholic and Protestant, of Celtic or Saxon descent.' (Cheers.) When a. people sets its mind and heart with unity to tho obtaining 'of, a just government, the result; is inevitable. You cannot rule Ireland from London. (Applause) The British legislators misunderstand the Irish people: they are not aware of their require ments, of their aspirations : then how can they make laws for them ? Rather ask the House of Commons to make law.? for Australia than a*k the Saxon to legislate for the Celt. (Cheers.) Believe me, the distance between Australia and England is not as great as the distance between England and Ireland. (Laughter.) However, where is the Australian who would like to receive his laws from Westminster ? (Hear, hear.) England, whether she likes it or not, has need of Ireland — she has need of her soldiers, of her men. She is in aeed at tho present hour of Irish dash, of Irish brains. An Englishman, Sir Druincnond Wolf, fails where an Irishman, Lord Dufft-rin, has succeeded. A.nd so it is in all parts of the British Empire — the empire to the building up of which Irish genius and Irish valoui have contributed so largely. (Cheers.) Home Rule must be given, ind the question now is as to the manner of granting ic. Will it be given freely and graci ously, or will it be forcibly wrenched from hands unwilling to bestow ife in a just and honourable spirit ? Let us hopii that the manner of the oer cormance of this great act of restitution and national honwty on the part of England will to accompanied by circumstances which will serve to make the granting of Home Rule a happy day for both countries. (Applause.) There are English men, and many of them, who have studied with fair minds and honest hearts tho Home Rule question, and there are, thank God, not no»v merely hundreds but thousands of Eng lishmen who are prepared and willing, out of a sense of justice and through a love of equity, to give — in the name of British fair play — Ireland her rights. (Cheers.) They are numerous already in England, those men who understand the justice of Irish claims, and believe me that when namea like Gladstone, Cardinal Newman, Cardinal Manning, and the Marquis of Ripon are on the side of Ireland, the day is near when, the great majority of the British nation will open its eyes and do justice to Ireland. (Cheers.) The Grand Old Man (cheers) before the sunset of his great career has made the granting of a native Parlia ment to Ireland his last and most sublime ambi tion, and whether it will be the crowning glory and happiness of his life or not to wit ness the triumph of the cause he has so nobly advocated, one thing is certain, that he will re ceive the loving tribute of a grateful nation's tears and benedictions. (Cheers.) I have said that many Englishmen have manifested their practical sympathy with the just demands of Ireland. There is another kind of Englishman, the thorough John Bull, whose polar star in life is his own interest and advancement blended with a desire for the greatuess and glory of England. (Laughter.) These gentlemen object to Home Rule in Ireland. The British masses are being gradually and surely won over to the Irish cause, and it needs no prophet to foretell that the day of granting the demand of the Irish nation is near at hand. (Applause.) To many it is perfectly clear that the day is not far distant when in the interest of England itself it will be found necessary to grant Ireland Home Rule. (Heai-, hear.) If this measure of justice isnotgiven in love, it will be given in fear — in any case the tri umph of Irish nationality is assured. (Cheers.) All over Europe we hear nothing but the roaring of cannons; nineteen millions of soldiers are at drill. A spark may set all the European nations in fire. England may perhaps avoid taking an active part in that war. But whether she takes a part in it or not, what can she foresee beyond that conflagration ? If the Teuton, according to English wishes, is . ictorious again over a disunited France, what God forbid should be the case ; then Ger many will quietly settle down in Holland and Belgium. The Teuton and the Saxon will be fn.ee to face, and believe me it will be enough to make the statesmen of England tremble. And if France is led to war by a strong government, and turns the fortune of war, and comes out of the fray victorious and relieved, then the hour of reckoning about Egypt will have rung. And what of Russia ? Does she construct her great Asiatic railway but for pleasure sake ? or rather is it her last preparation before her rush on India ? Believe me if the English can fight and win with gold at Tel-el- Xebir and elsewhere, it is not gold but lead that can stop the Russian Bear in his progress. (Applause.) And who would tell me that England would feel pre pared to face those emergencies, those proba bilities of the future, with a dissatisfied Ire land at her back? (Applause ) England's diffi culties have always been Ireland's opportunities. The English statesmen know this, and if they are not generously moved by a sense of right and jus tice, they will be compelled out of absolute fear for the safety of old England to grant the Irish demand. (Cheers.) Ireland has had a long night of trial and of suffering, of watching and of waiting, but the golden dawn of liberty is break ing over her fair hills and valleys — the dawn of the day of all her hopes and prayers, the day which will mark the opening of a new era of a peaceful, a happy, and a piosperous people. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Freehill in appreciatively complimentary terms moved a vote of thanks to Father Le Ren netel for his able and most interesting address ; and Mr. B. Mulroney seconding the proposition in a few tasteful words, the vote was carried with real Celtic enthusiasm. The lecturer having acknowledged the vote, Mr. Burke moved a vote of thanks to the chair man which was carried by acclamation, Mr. Toohey being honoured with a perfect ovation on rising* to reply, which he did in his customary bright and plea?ant manner. 