" A I M A. " j ' —— v AN ORIGINAL AUiVTJtAUAN STORY, | (J/l 1lights Reserved. 1 ) > CHAPTER XIX.—(Continued.) | by I HAROLD STEPHEN, ESQ., M.P. | OF NEW SOUTH WALKS. t, "You mtmn Alma TtaflcRar," beRivn *\Ghkw. . {/J " Who did you say?" interrupted Bcrlia |lin nn cxaitod tone. fl . " Alma TredeKfir," replied Grao\ "But Iftirhnt is the matter ?" ?l Bettio had started to hit loot, anil, io co :Jdoin?, nearly upset tho table." 11l hastened gto apologise, anil rotated hia uilventura of tho 9prooeding day, when he mat tlio britlier of .irMii , !! Tredegar, in ooruuncy witb Sir. Charles v Worth. I " Sir Charles North!" enid Mr. Harvey. i.." Why he had ttto natua rf being ono of tlia | safest m?n in tho city. His ha, tno, failed, :| .'And come out hero to seek hie fjiinna? Wall, I well, it is a strenga wirld 1 Who could 'fhftvo thought ho wuuH hnvu uiado it nice; ol .fit?" f. Bertie explained thnt Sir Charles had by no mennfl "made n mess o.' it," lint had come ?; out to Australia on buainciH, mi 1 nlno with i\ I vinw to find Mica Alma 'A'rcdngar. " J'ortnnn. I toly," ho addoJ," that part of ihn bildinc.->a I may ba considered ax .-soittcil. You, Misi . I Harvey, will of uoureu ba nblu to toll Uβ ibo i; young lady.'s nddroan 1" 'ii "I am afraid not. I received n letter from : hor laet week, dated from Forest Creek, in r ivhioh blio anid that ehe find hor uncle vroro about to leave for lorao new goldfii'lil, nnd 'that her iimolo had told her that, in all ;, probability, übo would not )mvo an opportu nity for writing ngivin for many -weeks to come." ?' " That in vmfortunnto," said Bertio, " but ?wo may bo able to follow them. At nny rate, I aupposo I may tell Sir Cu?rke Worth that, ua soon ne Mica Tredegar writes again, you will let him know hot nddross? ,, " Of oourao," replied Grncu. "I must nak you, hownver, to keep silence *. with reference to the (irrivni of our friends iti Melbourne. Prof?por Trodcgnr is at enmity t both with his nephew and with Sir Charles, nnd he is quite capablo o( preventing thorn irora raoeting Mies Alma, it it lies in his power." Graoo promised compliance, nnd Berlie soon after took hia leave, receiving a cordial invitation from the young lady to visit them again on his return to town—whioh invita tioa was formally endoweS by Mr. Harvey in a manner the very revcrao of cordial. When ho bad loft: " I do not like that young man," naid tho latter. " I do, very much," retorted tha dannh tor. * * ? ? Ik may bo well imagined that tho good nowa brought by Bertio Loraoorto, waa moat acceptable to Dart Tiedegar and Sir Charles North. At ha , , they had a aluo which ihf y could follow up with some hopu <>I en.'coca, and, in any event, they hail eveiy leason to believu that Mi.-ia Hjrvey would cro be able to to supply them with inuro accurate . information. Tho whole party, including tho detective, left for jForeat CiceU tha\ name cvoniug. ciiArran xs. bsom'h cutr/?. It was a high old tiaio at Snob'a Gnlly. Ever Binoo tha news h.id oomo that Tiio Ad miral had unenrthfid n niyijat of monster proportion.!, the tuwiuiiiip lia'l been in a fer ment j for the claim; had struck work, nwi" every man on the dipginga had, coma into view tbo wolcoinu Btrtintjer. There it lay—a liurje misdhapen meaa o( dull yollow gold, streaked with veinu of quartz. Kaauty i: posscnii'd not; yet (ivery booit bent with the hopo of ono dny owning its like. For its exhibition, tho liugeet room in tho loading public houso had been chartered liy Ihe lortuncta proprietors of tho iiut'i/et, nnd nil day long a stream of visitors kept pouri/ip in nnd out; whilst the trallic in drink and eatablce threatened to exhau?t the resource of tho establishment. Snobb'n Gully v/ae among the younsresJ of tho Bold-field* of that day. l'ho origioia pro opector was a ehoc-uiaker, het-.ce tho eupto nioU? title, which hud been bestowed upon it after by some wit umoug tho ohoe-maket'a miccoeaore. ? N^ e ? th i? Ot! "' u ' U " Bnob " fiwtdrova l.id pick into the Mil. it wav n clmrniing K orj,-c, between two Inch mountain*, cnverH vn\\\ the lusurioua vcf-otation of a primsval fore-:. A silvery cicck wound its placid v.-ay through the G ully, and tangled mvae of creepers hung in fe3toon3 from tree to One short month later, bihl tho cully was transformed. Tr t -:a r.ed croi'rs h?t dij appaar.-l; the creok iis-1 bcconV- a -X: yeliow drain, rir.i the hi!! -:l-i v.cr t?i:h ten:? tnj h-.y.: ol .- ;?: - rv .(???'-rir'.ir.-j '' The tcvtn'! ; i;-ii :hf/e n<.:' I:-: ~\".: ? - tj:he :?; ? v-ry (t- .-.-.. ?.;.,....;, i a . thV'.V.'/-': <?. tiiltiiinl-raom, containiiig a'drcckdful ha vestie ota uillinrtJ-tfiblo, and uvtm-reds fimall ta'jka whiirh wor.i nifihSlj - OiMiqiiiiil hy o'la'.ire r.nd ciibb:i(so piayera. Tiie Saob'a Arms bCA?ttd iil.?.i a duncin-enloou, unci two real, livabum oi inidoulv.cd tions, and )iuu(l:s3 imnuJcnc-.\ I: w.i 3 i? nla'3 h w-ii-3, or r;ithor r. co.ij; , tionef t!ab hula oi various dinionsivns, biitk roofinl, anJ s'-iiini;igly connectoJ by coveted p.isa.ij'o way. In the daneim; mIso:), r.'i>oiiii,<; upounred liliinSiot, ou i\ I.%'uij i\uproviaail for tho ocott -Bion on! of hlibj ntac-jd oa treaties, liy tho UloiiHtcr cuiiittt. At iho )n-iil of t!ir tub!:!, ssiwH in an firm olmir, s;it tha Admiral, t\\\n lucVy proprietor of thi) h?RO mrve oi ko!<}, v:l,icY>. ho (eo\a timo cvroessd luuKpsttcd, na if it iiad a viiild, or a lio.r. Only ycsti!rd,\y," 6T the himrtrcila""of"meiT working at Snobs Ojlly, he was porhiips tho least ouiiaiilered. Oiie etroko o{ the pick, nnd belio!d liitn a king atnongst men! Oh, wondor - wothing OBclianter, diviua Raid ! without thuo, H(o i:i a wearisome, struggle— with thee, n oarnivnl ot delight I At least, .that is the poor man'.-j views of tho matcer — when I have found my nntfgct, I ehall boabla to deal with tho question from tho other stand-point. Tha Admiral—so-called, perhaps, because of all liviDg men ho was in appi??ranoc farthest removed from tlw popular ideal of on ftdrairAl—w.-.a a weak-eyed, w<;o\\.kneed, eandy-hniterl little man, who had hitherto, no became ono of lii.-i sleuder prctuusioii?, modeatly knpt binisolf do much in tho back Rround that nobody kuew anything about him. A few hours, however, bad wrought ft niarvolloiia ohanjjc, and ho now occupied iho placo of honor ns if to tbo roatmer born. It really was astonishing to find that ho was not only penial, but withal witty and wJso, His audienco listened deferentially to ovory word that fell from hia inspired lips, and never prophet of old commanded raoro respect. To esch .succeeding group of ad mireia ho told tho Bumo wards; yot even those who bad hoard it early in tha day, and often tinco, listeued sa oapjorly to its twentieth repetition as if it had all the charm of novelty to recommend it. "Yo see, gontlctncn," bo would say, "mo and my mates knowod thoro \vi\3 Ho'methin' good in that thero ground. Folks UHod to \ell us, we'd never oomo on it; but we know'd better, nnd there clio ia!" Hero ho'would point exultiti?ly to tho nugget, whilst hia hearers iimnckotrthfiirliu'J. ivnd wished—oh, bo dearly l~that it had boon their fato to toll tho tale. " I '11 not deny that there wan tirnce whon wafult kinder b.xd nbout it.tiniGS wheu tucket w/v-s aonrcp,ivnd lickcr'feiro'r, , ' —The Umllord wiuccii 'it tliiareiii.irl',t(>rhiHcon?oiei)CG Binoto him v-e ho recalled oundry intcrviswa between liiniroU uud The Admiral, and in which ha hr.;l displayed r.nything but a " trusting " fipiiit. '?There wan times even when my mates BCr. ' Int's ifliitt or.r pcJs ;' but I never pnvfl in ! 1 know'd wo wbb bound tor strilto it rich, and strike it riA we hnvo—genthmen, call for yer drinl.u, i[ you jiU'iibo. Jt'a ivy ahout, nnrl chiinjmimo's tho drink to-diiy." K'.;ed it be n:A-\ that this Fpcceh of Tliq Ad niitnl \vn* rc???vod wish cvKi'-inorvuHing oh ihujiA-im ? Wile, that linoit'd nuyMiinj; of dii;;rcr.naiiiro, will doabt thr.t nn orntor of tliit , etamp wni with tho possession of tnoro than the uveraga eupply o£ wit nnd wfartum ? Tnvvcirds tho fun praw frtflt nnd furious; /iiid whi.n tho conch from ForueS Ct~>.ui drew'up fit tho door of tbu public-houto, is may iinfaly.bo said trial not ono of its in ni?tce (id the m.ili f< s) was sober. Utuler or-linnry ciroumnttuioes, tho arrivhl of t-)io coai;li—which usually touk placa ot nbout niiiu o'clock—was tho event of tho eviniiij. , , and every body turned ent to etaro at n?v nniviilf, nnd rjueetion tl.'Q driver. (Irc'it then war< tho Burpriao o£ Jack For rent—Gf.'ntlenvMi Jack, na ho was csllod — win) hi;ld tho ruins on tha nifiht in q\ipstson, wiipn not ever irj much im a fjrooiu ciruo to meet him s?3 ho drew up ut tho door, in ac pttllfiut fnuhion aa tho fftgfied horeen could na. complii'h. " Well, I'm d— d 1" hu muUered. ." Tloro'3 a Btnrt I AiiyboJy I vendor? Thorc'n an infernal w~ on iiieiiir, nnyway. Ju?t hold tiie reins for n miuuto. ploiiso,'' ho added, a<l(lre;ein(7 n who occupied tho b;i.thcnC. " I'm going in to ruuso uji coiiK , nf theso iUicl<e. Ct>nfouud my cats I I'll let them know who tlioy'to fooling with, in it qtHirtor k'.?B then no time." WhilflOfr. Jiiclc Forroat was Oiuryinc; out his ihrent, a litlla voica in tht interior of fho vchicla i-nid, "Ithiuk wo have arrive.], undo," and presently tho curtains wero parted, and Euchaohnrming face nppe.ircil at iho iipi'rturc, that ono of tho grooms, who had at la.it condescended to paunter lazily towards tho cnaoli, started ua if ho hal Been a ghost, and fell over into tho hoTMi- tiough, much to tbo discomlituro, but greatly to tho delight, of tho outraged driver; who, sic com;mnicd by tho landlord, opyoaucd on tha threshold at thai moment. "Ljt mo help you down, mica, 1, said Gentleman Jii-ck ofToring his hand. "TheiK coaohsj aw rather asvkvvnrd ior ladies." " Then we. havo atrivod, sit ?" nskod tho young iady, timidly. "Ye?, mia?, this is Snob'd Gully," said the landlord obsequiously, but with n lurch to leewnrd, which showed that bo, too, hoi euc cumbed to tho inilueiico of thn petroloum" ehampngno. " And thin h tho S/iob's Anca —though I b?z it, as flhouU'n't, t!m loading hotel ia tho place. Wai 70a for ttonrati" hero to-night, niiss?' , " i'cH—3?L 11a conic sapper at once, nnd show us to our bedroomg," nneweied n gontlr man who had come round from tht othiir oida of trio caach. ,; Como inside, Alma, tho groom will look nftcv our luggage." Poor littlo Alma—lor ii was indeed onr heroino — cold, tired, hungry, and hr.lf frii'.hJrr.ed, took her undo'a arm cnoird), and they wore presently u?hovml into tlie room off tho bar, which ns dignified by tho nama of tho best pnrlor. Tho furniture ot thU apartment canHir.tod of (i ricketty bush unfa, a round table, covered with a bluo blanket in lien of tab!-- oloth, two or thrco decrepit ohairj, and an oil Hafo, which did duty nj gido board. Alma Rank on the sofn exhausted, and would fain have relieved hcr.?lf by tears, but refrained, fearing to vex liur unci. , , " Cheer up, child," H.iid Dint gentlemen, diverting himself nf Ilia ovcrao.it. "A liot gla;;s of brandy and water ii v.h-A you '.van , ., timl that you ahall have in .1 minute. Wii.-.t 13 t!io meaning of that nu\f.?':" !io os'^cii. Xhii question was nddj\\-a!ed to o&o; of il.o barmii.jfl, v.-iio v.iiilo tv v;m <ipi<?::. ini;—a yo-jng InJy v.itii ijri'.li.mt, bcr. ly tliick eye:i, wry red chisUs .\r,,\ lip. an .! ,\ n?.-i?! ci!y Uzzk hair, T ;h:c!: lov.vrsd'si K/ijl ft fool over tho cio-.vn <;' her !>? zt'i, ai-.l tiirr.co de.-ccEiJed, in a ci"c:i:l; a', n-h; cork eeievci-.r!;", h.-'.lfv/sy to her-.'.a'-t. "I: i.i a niiL'/c!,' eh: rv:'".i'.'j in r\ ni'-.C!-." '.on.-. "Tha Admire y ,r:>- l.z-a f,n::.! ,1 Lit: 111:3,?;:, ami tj-.cy'rua-k'---;.;':: ? i' i??? ;?! t":,-> b-u!r,i j: -i. WoMli r.r.j:.-!iru ;?' /?V.:., r-.-i s::.:.]-? r , r :; .-. : ;,- I>; >~ . \":'V i \ i ' ?''? ??'?'?s 1 ' ?''- ???' ;:, i h:: -" '?? -? ? ? ?'?? ?-. L-'-\%i'.'?'-,??'"?'?'? '? ";'T:..'. ;'? . i:r .'.* '??' ?'?'? .J:;; , :;^;.,?_!; ?'?:-??? r: by their breatlj, whi'et; her ear was o?otiiv:a by rnnny a roattered oath, and that horrille Rioiing and gnasbing ot tee'.h which attends tha sleep ot tho drunkard. Later on, tho fcouso wa3 oponod by tho Jandlqrd— himsolC very much the worso for tho "debauch—and then, wig by ore, tho elcepers arose, slnvered, ciJ fitagtjered into the bar w eeareh oJ a " pick-me-up." Mr. Johnson had been ablo ib frot to bed, nnd, after threo or four houn sleep, made his nppesrance, apparently sulTeriug U.-a than might hava been expected. lie was evidently a Masoned vessel: for, aJtoi a brandy-aud soda, ho v,-aa actuary able to smche a clay pipe, whilct breakfasCwaa in couraa of pre paration. Stephen Tredegor had prepared hia nifce for iho nppearaucs of th:a /{lies, .it *hsir table. Hα had rieon r.atly, and c?aUod Alma into the . parlor, longb before Mr. Johneon had opened hia eyes. What lie told tho (jirl, it is not ncep.'flary to repeat—it waa simply a Uβ, con eotted for a purpose, and it served that pur peso—at le.i3t co fur us tioneoming Alma, that, however objectionable a person Mr. Johnson might be, it was highly imporl&ut; thnt bo should bo flattered nnd concili ated. The poor girl presided at tho breakfaat tabla in n state o£ trepidation which threat t:ned, (it any moment, to culuminr.ta in a burst of tears. Mr. Johnson was oven rnoro objscwouftblo thau p.ho had expected to fiud him. In the firet pliee, he brought with him into tho room an aroma- of brtsndy and stalo tnbaceo, which mnr?c her feel uo s-ick thit che was wholly uuablu to (wallow a niouihfnl of food. Then ha ate like a biubMfiau, using hie knifo na if it hnd been a fork, and there after htlping him?elf to butter with tho ssnio impleruent. A:\ for hia conversation, it was mcm tban offensive to the girl. His bomjili mentfl vrere course, nnd accompanied by horriblo leers, r.iid lowd uiiioh even a child could not misundorst?nd. Moreover Iμ Kould talk. The Pi- ofoeeor vainly etrovc to ti'licvc his nitico by tnking upon his own ehouldcx? ohici share of thoconvonation; bnt Mr. Johnson could talk nnd eat as tha tamo timo, and tlmn onjoycrt tho advantage which ho pushed to tho utterraost; being, in poUit of fact, extremely well pleaded with himself, snd laboring under tho hallucination that ho was decidedly uominj; out auong, and making nn impression. How loDg that meal endured, Alma never know. It seemed intcrininAblii—for Johnson was ono of thosu liappy iudividnala whose ap pGiiio is incfer.sLi' by copious potations, and >c hud no idea oi ccaeing to oat o.i long ns thoro wi3 anything eatable loft on the table. At last ho looked around, and sighed the eijili of roplelion, thon he commenced to use bis fork as a tootlipieU. Evon tho professor coultl not, however, ntand thii lt\3t proceedins, and ho arose haPtity, tolling Almft to no to her room, and prepare, to aucampany him for a walk, Han ahuily the gill took'tho hiat, nnd CKCipcd may cr.pily he conceived; but nlio wft2 not fuiTcred to depart without tbo promise of tuthrr torture, for Mr. Johnson, without r.fin?, intiumlod a desire, it eho had no olji'ttion, to accompany her and her unoKs , in ??'. stroll among tlio claisu). Aa the door c\o-e;l tho Professor turned to M". Jolinjun witli n gravity of manner which c<.;\ >.:upr£3ft(l thu? individual, nnd caused hi::i to cak uneasily—"Whftt'a up vow?" " Can we be overheard?" asked the Pro fesor." "If wo (lou'i yell out, and theto don't hii{:pon to bo any'.icti'y listoning i\t the door," replied Johns-tn, "I fiuoulil Hay wo can't. Especially aa thorc ia an inferual row- going on (?9 it ia." Truth to nay, a lavf;o number of tho Bica'iUViaUans of tho previous night had by tin's time assembled in Ui6 bar, and, aa they worn nil still more or loss intoxicated, tUo noipo beca-.uo deafening. " Mr. Johnson," bognr. tho Professor, "if I'mistnko not, you have aot always botno '?hat ii?uic. Tlio /oris fell from the ixtnn'e hand with a era?k upon the- tnblo, and ho stared, open mouthed, at tho Profe?gor, whilst a palo (jreeti tint eeomed to eprcad itself over hia faou. " I thinli," continued the professor, " that you were formerly known in London by tho uftmo o* Thomas ?iumnar." Mr. Johnson took up tho fork, and ro ooramenced picking his teeth, " Well, air," ho Buid,"what then? Many a man doua not caro to be known by hia own tiflme on tho digging?." This was naid in a confidant, defiant tore wholly at varianco with the man's behaviour when first ho had teen accused of using an alias. The professor aoored a point— ho con cluded at oncothat tho gentleman beforo him had boen known also by another name, and tha, thero worn citcurnetancca attendant upon hie bearing that name which made him dread its discovery. "Of course," eald tho Profeaaor, "it very often ia desirablo to conceal ono'e idontity. I merely asked tho question, because I thought you niuet be Thomas Sumner," (To lc continued.) Moscow has never quite roeovered from UK'lirtJ v.'Jiicti followed unil put (in ond to tha K.xaeU occupation in 1812. Except upon certain high dr.ys and holidays, an nit of languor hangs about the holy city, which for many centuries wus Russia's actively beating heart. Perhaps it if partly for that very rcaeou that it is far dearer to tho Ilueeian miud than St. Petersburg, tho younger and mors animated rival whioh has supplanted it. The city which Petw tho great founded on the mvainyy islets at tho. mouth of tho Neva fairly represents the force and energy of tho Huasinn Government, tho eplendor of tho notice, tho might of tho military. But Mohcow, with its hundreds of churches and shrines, its reposo sugpestivo of Botno laud where it is always Sunday afternoon, is far more in keeping with the ideas nearest to tho liunrt of tho liuesiaii people, more in har mony than tho glittering Northern capital with tho Jeep devotion which the peasant fccla townrdu the C!hurch, and towards that fatherland with which the Church is in his mind po intimntsly connected. From til jiartu of tho empire, from tho swampy homes ot f<jver and plague where the Voice pours itself into the Caspian near Astrakhan, from tho Ehorea of the lakes and the shades of the forests lying fp.r away northwards toward Archangel and tho Arctic Ocean, from the ricii "black coil" lands of the more genial South, and from the- far-oil settlements stretching away in progrenaivc lines into Central Asia, thero come banda cf pilgrims, who wander from ono ehrino to another, visiting the spots which are to tho Ilugsian mind moat dear and holy, and who return to thtir native villages with a va:t Etoro of rdi- Jous cifricncc, nnd with n refutation Honicv.l.at akin to that of the rnediieval punier who had visited tho holy places at JtTiii&icn.; Such are the visitors whom we ti-7 btandin;- before the porch cf the Cathc drr.l cf S:. li=.;il a: Messew. Tbo msn in ro::.;h c:;Ti.-ariJ fr;c-£p-"!:in tuniflj, with shoes m:-,":-> rf Kr:. -:r;o bark (n their feet, tlitir 1..-i l-r.v.rA in the old .Scythian cr ir'.: :v.:in '...-'u r., :r.c v,o~en wi-.fc <??'?):?'.- ;:?.:! c:cT ;?;,.:> h.-v '??. ill v;i:li v.a'.'t.:* -',?? :;>. ;::? I 0.--~i -.r.u '. ::;? .riVr:^-::?-- , ia :: rI: ?~-. ;?. '.: .:?: -..r- ;;: .rrcap.' c* :?-.> , ::..:r : .'. '.: u....:0UJ ?: <r ia lh: :.'.= a::.l i c: ;:.= n.jsjt-U:ics. A v."tcrprccf jnnr^nt—lea ecit cl 