Musing's meant to be Amusing. [By Open-ears.] The Lord Colin Campbell—son of the Duke of Argvle, brother-in-law of the Princess Louise and a marriage connection of Her Most GraCioUs Majesty—may have very bine ; blood, but he certainly is sufficiently poor in spirit to earn even a greater inheritance than any contemplated in the famous beatitude. His heart must be smaller tban the millionth fraction of that classic type of littleness, a grain of mustard seed. 'After treating his beautiful wife in a scandalously cruel fashion both before and during the famous divorce case, he has adopted the magnanimous ; expedient of declaring himself a bankrupt in order to avoid the payment of costs awarded to her by the Court. His patrician father, the dictatorial head of the clan Campbell, ■ apparently sools him on for there is a ducal claim to Slaving bought tiie son's right to a legacy of £10,000 for the sum of £5,851. ; Glorious idea of financial morals the noble parent must have. If his usual rate of interest to his sons tends so extravagantly near 100 , per Cent, what would the Charge to a stranger and a plebeian be ? Under a marriage settlement the azure-veined Coiin is ent itled 1 o ail annuity of £401, but he has been lawyer enough to save 'this also despite the , fact that he iB unable to earn his salt at the 1 liar. His liabilities are stated at £15,622 6s. 8d., of which £4,040 are solicitors' costs in • connection with the divorce case and. £l,9<)0 1 is wanted by family creditors. The only assets are pictures valued at £40 although if i he exhibited himself as " The champion mean I man" the receipts of the show-up would largely improve the look of this side of the J balance-sheet. Camels have a disfiguring hump on their backs, and the Lord Colin is evidently the ugly excrescence which burdens the 'Chin Cam'ell. " There Is many a slip Between the cap and the lip " is tin old proverb which has often been proved ; true. At the Spalding election last month its 1 accuracy received yet one more cxemplifica-' tion. Mr. Halley Stewart, the Gladstonian candidate, made a fight for glory in 1885 and : lost to Mr. Fincli-Hatton {now Lord Win chilsea) by 4,658 votes to 4,580. Next year , the same antagonists met again, and the - Home-Ruler was discomfited by 4,561 votes I to 4,273. Last month lie again bobbed up J serenely to do battle with Sir George Tryon, ■ the returned Australian Admiral. The Con servatives were cock-sure of victory-. " A ] handsome carriage with four grey horses and 3 outriders in pink costumes" was imported into the town, and all arrangements were made for dragging the Admiral in triumph through . the streets. Huge placards, with "Farewell, Halley, for the third and last time," were got ready to paste on prominent hoardings. Wreaths of red roses were formed to decorate the Market Place. The declaration of the poll was the expected signal, and then alt would " buzz and clack and clap " like the caste of ' the forest-hidden palace after the Prince had "kissed the Sleeping Beauty. Conservatives had lungs ready to cheer, Gladstonians went about with faces " emptied of delight.1' At length the eventful moment arrived. Two thousand people gathered round the Market Place to hear Mr, Stewart's double made a trinity. But, lo 1 the figures were—Stewart, 5,110-; Tryon, 4,363! Blue faVors sprang up like magic through the crowd, while the carriage, the pink uniforms, the placards, and the rose-wrcatlis were hurried out of sight as ' quickly as tadpoles shoot away from a splash ing stone. Another Try On foiled ! Iti a beautiful elegiac ode on the death of the Prince Consort London Punch asked-;— How should the priices die? With red sour deeo in maddenlnfe charger's flank. Leading the rush that breaks the foeman's rank! Henry of Battenberg—the half-pay German officer who has honored Kngland by marrying her daughter Beatrice—has no ambition in this direction. In the Commons on July 5th Mr. Laliouehere elicited that he holds the honorary rank of Lieutenant-Colonel in the' army but receives no pay and has no chance of receiving any active employment whatever. He didn't pass any qualifying examination, but still lie would be capable of filling a gorgeous sinecure for it requires no special training to enable even a prince to draw a large salary for doing nothing. It is wonderful, therefore, that his army rank was not accompanied by its bestowcr with a | handsome tax on the country, the size of the pay being in inverse ratio lo tiie usefulness | of the recipient. Battenberg is a very appro | priate namfe for this young illegitimate royalty, for lie does indeed batten on the mototain of British extravagance in the way • ■ of royal allowances. GOOD-BYE, COCK SPAEBOW. Alas, cock-sparrow, yon must go'; Called ill names by all but one "Caldwell Is he"; you he's called well, £ht yet yoar pardon has not won. Th' A'-cmblV has pronbnnCcd your doom With but a shadow of deb ite. They state the state of crops Is shell That you must die to save the State. Poison and leaden pills will thin Your ranks until yon all are dead"; Vour eggs must all be broken In, And not another sparrow bred. O, why so dainty in y o'fir gmb . Th'at common grubs you will not eat} But, Hkb a feathered epicure,. Swallow the choice eitrs ot the wheat. Cock-sparrow, now you tee the fruit Of eating fruit and leaving worms. Here your sect still might germinate Had you but ate up tn'secl germs. Prey heaven your ghost may not come back To taunt us with a teeming birth Of snails, grubs, caterpillars, worms. To vex our souls and waste 'the earth. Blue ribbonists fire extremely enthusiastic in the promulgation of tlieir ideas and very careful "in sporting their colours. The man who has more than one Coat sews "the bodge on each, while be wiio works in his shirt Sleeves affixes it to his waistcoat. One especi ally 'thorough man of my acquaintance wears it on his nightgown. I have seen a circular from the Adelaide University addressed to a gentleman—but beginning *' Bear Madam "—and containing five or six mis-spelt words. The paper On which it is written bears the official, heading and the signature is "that of a professor. Must go to school again for a spell 1 Mr. Rccb has not the honor of being all Irishman although lie appropriates the license of "bull-making." Thus, referring to his bete noire, the parson—who is indeed a black beast to his mind on the same principle, I suppose, that coal will make a white matk Oh the consciences of some men—he opened up thus—"They come in hordes on all occa sions." Then he went on to picture them "In single file on the prowl." Mr. Douglas S laden, B. A., a copious bht wishy-washy rhyrostor, is preparing a volume of Australian poetry for the "Canterbury poets." T. R. Mellan has embezzled large shins from the United Mercantile Society (Mel bourne) and fled to Colombo. Company; shirks the expanse of bringing him back. Weus' Hair Bakam.—If gray, restores to original color. An elegant dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A Tonic j Restorative. Stops hair coming out; strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. The 50-mile railway from Cosford to New castle (N.S.W.) was opened on Monday.1 When the bridge across the Hawkesbury is finished Brisbane will be connected with Sydney i "Rough ok Rites."—Why suffer Riles? Immediate relief and complete cure guaran-■ teed. Ask for " Rough on Piles." Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Riles. 