AMUSEMENTS, On Monday evening last a succe3sfnl concert wa9 given in St. Paul's Church of England schoolroom, Barwood, in aid of tbe Suffield Cricket Club. A successful concert in aid of tho funds of St. Anne's Church of England. Strathfield was given in the Burwood School of Arts on Thurs day evening. The following ladic3 and gentle men contributed: — Mioses Slatten, Jones and Capper ami Messrs. F. G. Bennett, F. Wood- house and Fairfax. An a inn? ing absurdity entitled "Cups and Saucers," in which Miss Capper and Mr. Sehvyn Smith took part, con cluded a very enjoyable evening. Professor Anderson will appear in the Albert- hall, Granville, to-night, in his mysterious and wonderful programme of novelties. A inimical and literary matinee is to be given ;n tl»» Tenim.i:anc-">-l:aK, Pitt-street, this ! evening by Mis? Me.ireq a-i?t»d by Me-dame? ! C. V>. Forsler and E. M'Djuaid, Mis =13 Glen- j denning arid Doyie, and 6fes?r?. Alfred and | Arthur Bumev. the proceeds of which are to 1 be devoted to the Queen's Fund. Lv!y Carring- | ton has accorded her patronage. Mr. Robert Kenned;- last evening repeated his entertainment, " A Niehl wi Bums.' Mr. 1 Keuu' dy ha: au appreciative airiiene-. Indeed, he must be c»f a very unsymj.ai'u c tvrnpeiataent I who could fail to "be iritc-re-ted and »t tim"? j a good deal moved by tbe rendering of j Scotland'? choice;;: song.?. While soui" of the ( broad fciunor is lost n: --ri Gi e who ;? ignorant I cJ the hidden menring of the more j nouncea ieM-ot: words, "tie anecdote? In ; which the native tonirue is ?o freed v u?ev". arc sufficientiv clear to the uninitiated to affor.i hirn F.vciy atntu-ern-jn'.. To a Scotchrn ; j an evening with KeuueJy Fu f.hd he irresi.-itble. Considerahlr nbili'y eviuc-.d iu piecia«r luge 1 thertbqu-ifvrenrsongi. With a pbasant njarw-r, i ample power of jxprc3?:nghiu»s'-if,arja.iuexc-l- j lent voice r.scti with great cate, Mr. Kennedy keep uy an unflagging itcrest throughout the | evening. Ton strain upon one man roust be ; very great, and tlcro are few persons who would he nrfie so succcssfuiiy to bear the whole brunt of an evening'? c.. firing. Among the sougi? that seemui to jfiua.? the audience more especially inst nigh: were " lliglilaml Mary," "Of a' tiicAiris, ' "Seou wh.i hue," and "John Anderson, hit Jo." In the martial song of "Scots wha liac," Mr. Kennedy's fine tenor wa? shown to best fcrfection. He is Hincularly free frorr allV'clation, and there are no tricks of vc . The liatencr-j were not distracted by tiny evident effort made to reveal the capa bilities r.f the sing-:!-. Monday next wiil be Mr. K» mn.-u . '.s la-t night, when we anticipate a large audience, of which he is thorough)? deserving. A sale of work in aid of the various branches of church work in connection with the diocese was (itjcned hi St. Andrew's schoolroom. Pitt- street, on 'i'imr-day afternoon, in tho presence of astnul! rathe-ring. The bazaar consists of five table? laid ou: with fancy articles, chieffv tne work of the ladies of the parish. Amoug the ladies who have intere-led Miemselve.-? in the affair arc Mrs. Kavby and Riiey, Ken- way, Snutv.ewor.b, Wood and Simpson, and a number of othern. The opening ceremony was performed by the Rev. E. C. Bees. One of the ioost enjoyable entertainments ever given at the Rand wick Asylum took piaco in the large hall 01 thai institution on Wednes day evening hist. Special arrangements had been made for u concert and fireworks enter tainment to be enjoyed, but the unsettled state of the weather prevented the fireworks display taking place. As i: was, the concert alone was given, and the efforts of the children were sup plemented by some excelient vccal and instru mental music ou the part of some iadies and gentlemen. Tbe chairman (Mr. J. Ro?eby, J.P.) announced that tho fireworks entertain ment would take place on "Wednesday evening, the 21st iust. zVfter an hour and a halt's thorough er.jovnu-iit. vote? of thanks were given to the performers and chairman. The hall was beautifully decorated with evergreens, fes'.oous of flowers, wreaths and bannerettes. An entertainment in aid of the poor of Par- raurutta, organised by Mr?. H. Colley, was held in the Town-hall, Parramatia, on Wednesday evening, the house being fairly full. The pro gramme was an excellent one, and numerous encores were demanded. Those assisting wera Mrs. H. Colley, Mr?. Arthur G. White, Messrs. C. Hill, Joseph Ma.-.s-.'V, D. Clancy, J. Thomp son Brown and Dr. Beattie, the Cumberland Band and some of Mr.-. Galley's pupils. Dnring the evening Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.P., thanked those present for their patronage, aud said that the distribution of the funds would be en trusted to several ladies in the town. Herr Hugo Alpiu kindly undertook the duties of accompanist. The entertainment on board the Yernon on Monday night uext, given by the boys in grateful acknowledgement of the kindness and sympathy shown them by tbe Minister of Pub lic Instruction, Mr. J. Inglis, will be of an in teresting nature. In addition to tbe perform ances of a burnt cork party of minstrels, the ship's string bund will make their fir?t appearance, and nn assault of arms will form part of the entertainment. The old ship will be decorated and illuminated, and all hands will be on their best behavior. It may prove of public interest to state that no less tnan 115 boys left the Yernon as apprentices during the last year, and the wages to be earned by them under the ship's articles rmounts to no less than, £15,762, in addition to being found in board, lodging, medical attendance and clothing. If tbe same lads . had not been sent to the ship, how much harm und expense would they have caused ? No less than 413 boys are now serving their apprenticeship and 213 are on tho ship, which makes a total of G3I at present under the sole legal guardiaoship of Commander Nciten- stein. With reference to tbe entertainment, all old boys are cordially invited to attend, and are informed that a boat will be at Cove-street steps, Balmain, opposite the ship, at 6.45 p.m. on Monday. There are no changes to announce at any of tbe theatres to- night. The anniversary grand social of the Thistle Club of New South Wales will be held in the , Cnrringtou-ball on Friday next. "Human Nature" is already in it9 third week and is still doing well. The melodrama is always lively, the changes of scene are wonderfully quick and frequent, and tbe ani- matiou shown by ihe c-owd in the great seige scene makes it tbe be?t of a longli3t of spec- tacnlar effects. At Her Majesty's Theatre " Henry Y." will he repeated to-night. The play is one in which Mr. Itignold has been seeu all the world over from Drury Lane to Montreal, and Australian playgoer who have not seen him in the past, may he fairly considered to have neglected tlir.ir »tl.vntrl!ll Pl( lll-flt 1 f ill _ Romeo aim Juliet" continues to attract interest at the Criterion Theatre, where Miss Essie Jenyns is making her last few appearance? in her great part jas Juliet. On Saturday next "Twelfth Night" will be produced, and the scene- painters are now hard at work upon the pictures which are to adorn the production. Miss'Awy Sher'win and Herr Rhodes will make their last appearance, together at the Opera Honse to-night, ihe Australian singer will then be beard for the first time iu the great high soprano ' song " L' Angui dr inferno," from Mozart's " Magic Flute." In addition to this, Miss Amy Sherwin will be heard iu the music of the uiad scene in Donizetti's "Lucia," when she will appear iu character. "Dear Btrd of Winter" aud a popular programme contri buted by the other members of the company is also announced. " Hamlet" was played tor tho last time at the Royal Standard Theatre last night, ami formed a worthy close to Mr. Dam pier's loug season at this theatre. Next Saturday week Mr. Dam- pier's company opens at the Gaiety Theatre, under the new'lesseeship of Mr. L.Foley. The theatre in being renovated aud enlarged for tbe convenience of the Dumpier Company. The stage ia to be enlarged and the old gallery is to be replaced by a commodious dress circle. With these and other improvements, and in a more central position, Mr. Dnmpier cannot fail to do as well si« heretofore. Cottier.?' Minstrels will appear <a« usual to night at the I'rotcstaut-hall in their amnsing variety entertainment. Mr/Robert Kennedy re-appears at tbe Pro testant-ball on Monuav, when he gives a great miscellaneous Scotch programme. Mr. Kcnuedy sings his Scotch songs with great taste, and as a ballad singer. all who love tne national music will delight to. receive him. At the Academy of Music the "Ghost," the ' spectroscope and other horrors may be seen in conjunction with Mr. Fred Foster's ventrilo quism, with which the patrons of tbe little theatre appear well pleased. The Columbia Skating Rir.k, at the Exhibi tion Building, will be opeu as usual to- day, and as Hvelv music and exciting races are generally on band a good attendance should be eusurcd. The Manly Aquarium may be seen during i he day and evening, aud here, too, is a skating rink over and above the attractions of the pretty ferneries, ponds aud tanks. " I Madame Madeline Schiller's great concert has been fixed for Thursday next, when it will be held at tho Y.M.C.A.-hali. The box-plan, which is filling rapidly, may now be seen at Paling's. A concert which promises to be of unusnal interest will be held at the Burwood School of Arts on Tuesday, next In aid of -the Cottage Home. In the "first pari of the programme Miss Frances Savilie, Miss Deane, Herr Wall- rabe and other leadiug artists will appear, and the concert will close with a grand performance of Mendelssohn's " Hymn . of Praise." The chorus, which will consist of 50 picked voices, will he under the baton of Mr. Frank P. Brewer, whilst Mr. J. A. Dclany and Mr. Albert Fisher will furnish pianoforte and organ accompani ments. The soprano soloists will be Miss Bertie Chapman and Miss Deane, and Messrs. H. J. Pier and J. B. Pewtress will share tbe labors of the heavy tenor part. The concert is under distinguished! patronage, and as tickets may be had both in Burwood and at Paling's, metropolitan as well as local support should follow. A vocal and instrumental concert, under tbe patronage of Lady Carriiigton, Mrs. A. J. Riley (Mayoress) and Lady 'Innes, will be given In the I'.M.C.A. on Tuesday evening in aid of the Girls' Friendly Society. Miss Sherwin, assisted by the members of her company, wiU give a musical entertainment ia the hall of the New Sontb Wales In?titnff- n for the Deaf and Dumb and tbe Blind iWn'.n -n the funds of that institution on Tuesday arter noon next. The Watson's Bay flower show and exhibi- ; tion of fancy work will be opened by tbe j Primate on Thursday afternoon next. The show j will remain open three days. I The members of tbe Articled Clerks' Asso- j ciation wiU bold their first smoke concert at ; Rainford's Cambridge Club Room- on Thursday night next. The concert is under the patronage ; of the Chief Justice, zVttornev- General and j the member? oi tbe local profession. | The Croydon Amateur Min?trcls gave a grand I Ethiopian entertainment at the Glebe town- hall lnit evening in aid of the Corio cricket I club. The hail was well filled uud a very in- I torching and amusing programme was gone , through. The joke? and wittici-ms of W. . Milton and \V. Osgood (hones) and G. D. Ro.-s I i and \V, Lacvy (tambo.) w- very lancha'tfie ! and nc-w. Me?-rs. W. L. Uo'3, Davi? and j i Waters sang their pong vry well, und Mr. V. Ravi..; wth seen to advanti.g" in a clog dance. J ; The proeeedings were brought a dose with a j 1 very laughable farce entitled "Put up your I thumb." i Tho Caledonian Football Club held a ItfneiR 1 concur: in t.'.o New i>:Mre!!'r.-.--'-hati on Monday | r'Tcr.ing. in ai-1 of on o: moir inoiubr? who lost, one of hi? -:re v. hi - iohowing his I o« cui>ation 'as a :c-u':;in->cn. Mr. J. H. i Kair/rv.r.i oc- cpicJ the "hair. The hall was :u!i. and the prolamine, which was a ! lent'thv an.i diversifi--'! one, va? carried ; thre.ig.i witLoui a hitch. The contributors ! were M-ia:ne- Tnac, Boier, Mi?-e» Teecv, . Jor.--. M ?r?. M'Citlloch. Rainfor.l, Sibbnld. .Vorlf-y, M'Credie. Collin, Phillip.?. Pearce, .Major Warren and Manor Hamilton and Munro. A pianoforte competition for young I; -lie u::«i'-r 15 was also incindel in the pre : rre.'ttumo. The competitor- were the Misses i Wilson. Williams and Campbell. Mis? Williams | being the successful one. Mr. H. Alberts acted i a? pianist and Mr. A. Irvine as M.C. 