KA.D1NA LITERARY SOCIETY. J The following paper was recently read -before the Kadina Literary Society by Mr J. J. Christmas:— Prohibition of. the Liquob Teaitio. Intemperance exceeds all other vices in the comprehensiveness of its devastations. Its evils are innumerable, its curbed effects are the same wherever it appears. Personal demora- lisation, social debasement, domestic wretched ness, are its peculiar characteristics. Intoxi cating drinks are the precursors of debauchery, immorality, poverty and crime, wherever it is freely indulged in. It has taxed the ener gies and intelligence of Governments, and nations for ages past, to regulate and control the traffic, and minimise the evils ; but it has proved unmanageable, and incapable of con trol. And the terrible effects produced in the old world have been reproduced in these southern climes. And the Governments of those new and rising nations are experiencing all the difficulties that have baffled the united wisdom of older kingdoms for centuries past. In discussing this very important subject to night I want to do so in the spirit of fairness, I want to look at it in its broadest possible aspects. In the light of a public legalised trade for dispensing drink, sanctioned and licenced by the State. I remark first, That it is impolitic for a State to sanction and licence any trade or system that tends to in crease crime, or corrupt the social habits of the people. The sole object of Government ought to be tbe greatest happiness to the greatest possible number of its community; and the best conception of Government in cludes the right of repressing trades that interfere with tbe social and moral advance ment of its people. The liquor traffic lias an unequalled record in the annals of crime and immorality, having debauched and demoralised s&ciety; in eyery nation under heaven where it has been introduced, there fore the only short and safe way to remedy its evils is to prevent them by prohibition. South Australia's fifty years experience has proved that she is no exception to the general rule j but, on the contrary, she has fallen a terrible victim to the pernicious effects of strong drinks. She thereto e requires a mighty arm to deliver her, and if she is ever to be saved from tbe cursed effects of alcohol, it must be by the hand of prohibition ; and the | sooner our legislators commence to discuss the eubjeot the better for the future of the. coun try. I wish here to express just one word of caution, for I know that immediately the subject of prohibition is introduce') that haccneyed, canting ghost—" Liberty of the subject"—will rise at once, and somebody's nerve will be unstrung by his presence, their liberty will be affected, their rights will be infringed, and that cannot be tolerated. I want for one moment to discuss this point— liberty of the subject. What is liberty F Is it not but one branch of seourity.and ought it not to yield to general seourity ? Is it possible to make any law that does not affect the liberty of someone ? Every law that is made curtails somebody's liberty, and is it aot right to legislate for the general good even it we know that we shall be abridging somebody's liberty ? Do we not say that liberty should b« taken away from fools and wicked persons because they abuse it ? The liberty of the subject is •ven now affected by the law on this matter of the sale of intoxicating drinks, whioh is limited as to time and place ; and I readily admit that a prohibitory liquor law would abridge somebody's liberty, that its penalties would be deemed evil by the lawbraker. But are we to draw the conclusion that there shall be no law for this reason ? I want also here to anticipate the ory of coercion. .Law itself is not coersive, but purely declarative ; the announcement of a sjcial rule. The coercion is in the sanotion of the law. An anti-liquor law therefore just operates like every other law ; it simply declares the will ! of the lawmaker and furnishes motives for obedience and curtails the liberty of the sub ject just in the same degree as every other law doeB. Yet this is one of the first objections raised against the principle of prohibition. But you will expect me to show that the traffio is objectionable; that it tends to increase crime, and corrupt the social habits of the people, before you will agree with me that prohibition is essential for the wellbeing of South Australia. I regret very much that very strong evidenoes force me to those con clusions. A withering blight hovers over the traffio in this fair land, and its accumulating evils for fifty years are closing in upon us, draining our resources, and pauperizing and demoralizing our people. When wo go into figures to make up the oost of the traffio, it is positively startling, and furnishes a reasonable cause for both the poverty endured and the crimes committed. The enormous amount of money spent to keep up the drinkiDg habits that we as a community are cultivating would relieve every case of poverty that exists, and the cry of want would be no more heard in the land. Our drink bill: Just make it op; let us tee what it costs us annually. 730 licenced hotels and public houses, besides a large number of wine shops, licenced grocers and clubs, wine shanties and wine bars. Now, it may be fairly assumed that at the least £30 per week is required on the average to main tain Buch hotels. Or if we reckon £35 per week for each of such licenced houses and reckon nothing for all the other places, licenc ed and unlicenced that sell intoxicants, say, £35 per week for 730 hotels, the total would reach £25,550 per week, or £1,318,300 per year. If we allow one fourth of the total as the amount whioh will fairly represent the legitimate business of the licenced victualler, the supply of food, lodgings for travellers, &c.;, we haye .then left as our drink bill the start line amount of £988,725 per year. Take South Australia's 50 years ac this rate, tbe actual amount spent in drink is £25,000,000, There is still many set ions items to be added to this, such as incidental expenses and extra tobacco smoking. No one denies the connec tion between the pipe and the pot. Tobacco smoking is traceable to the extent of one third of the provocation of the drink traffio, and as we spend about £100,000 a vear in tobacco then a third of this is say £33,000, to be added to our drink bill; Then there is the cost of accidents through thetraffac to life and limb, piedioal attendance, nursing, &o.;, of same, and in case of death, inquests, funeral expenses, cost of pauperism, expenditure by benevolent societies, private almsgivings, loss of labour and loss of time while drinking, Jobs of property, explosions, collisions bv sea and land, altogether will make a larger item than the actual cost in drink. But make it the same and we have £50,000,000 for the fifty I years of our existence. A very large item and all will agree we ought to have some splendid results to show for this. South Australia spends her money well in some lines and need not be ashamed of her results ; £11,000,000 in railways, and she has 13 or 14 hundred miles of good substantial lines to show for it, and other large items spent in public works, with satisfactory results. But all other items dwarfs insignificantly besides this £50,000,000. What have w« to show forthis ? They are difficult to enumerate ; we have wonderful results; we have made tens of thousands of drunkards, paupers, lunatics, criminals of all classes, murderers, auicidere, larrikins, mischief brutality, and corruption. These are some of the leading line* produced by our £50,000,000 spent. In the light of the nineteenth century, with our boasted en< lightmeut, the above are the resales of our habits, and we defend them by trying to re gulate a trade that when we have made the best we are capable of, it produces the above results. The liquor traffic is essentially mischievous. Ardent spiritswere styled a " bewicthing poison" by the 'legis lators of England a century ago ; by the Orientals alcohol has been immemoriajly de •ignated as " liquid fire," the mother of sins. The Edinburgh Review of April, 1885, describes it in rhe following graphic terms The, passion for fermented drinks is not instmbtive, a rare accident taught some sleepless Arabian: chemist, torturing substance after substance ln:: his crucibles and alembics, tow to extract the fierce spirit from these agreeable drinks^ and brought op as it were from the bottom 'of : Pandora's box, that alcohol which has since in-' flicted so many evils upon the world, They exhilerate, they enliven, they stimulate, and * exalt the mental powers ; some: persons:they stapifj some they concert into irritable savages, some into dririlling idots, some into pugnatious animals, alt. if long and largely used, they brutalise, prostrate, and in the end carry to an -untimely gravel; But" more wonderful than these poisonoQs and destruc tive effects, is the paSBidn 'for indulging in them, which these liquors .awaken in; a large proportion of our f ellowmen, the IrresistaWe love with which these unfortunates., are , . smitten bythem, the fascinating infliiflooe tiy -J which they are charmed'; the- will absolutely become spellbonnd through the < actionof dSS? °a tb& bodiee °{some- reason is dethionod even wbere jt formerly exercised clear and undieputed^^y, It is from this of using ^r "c,P"!'5r ®^Be8- The universal testi ®°?7 ^"P^e % traffic for age8 past, rfimlt - oT circumstances, and in all everywhere agree i chaplains and gouernor* of gaols, Statesmen and Jndges, all ££?*&***" Crime JL*Z i : lni!ng customs of the day. tE ^ Chronicle in 1374 contains the followwg interesting account of the report of the Magistrates at the quarterly sessions^The visiting Justices beg part.colarlj t ^3n.e^t®ntt0n 0f tbe Court to the repert of the Chaplain, and espeeiailv to that part relative to the previous intemperate habits of the prisoners. In reference to the causes of theu- confinement the Chaplain found it was drunkenness, for out of 601 on!y 23 were of sober habits, and they consisted chiedv^f children under 15 years of age. Mr Robert Gladstone, brother of (lie late Chancellor of Titf fqae-Vnd a Boroug}) Magistrate of »^MrC. rmi.n Com. '. t 1 bfiliere florao Deonla oelwsTth.'V-ldea you ilflTO no "tfrt to SZZStm T'a°,ne,«' "«■ f" tLa - . . » "--miners Business for «d S'Z f, l■»•»"» « »■ >"£. ana trade should be fr«. "KT„_ t j ! think the licensed Victuallers^* m D° pWed in that category ' ^ °° obliged to miaaia f/„Hce w stronp. and w« .,r. CB 01 yw strong, and we are at this ° - from the borough funds tL ™ ment P^'ng Corporation, something'like £100000 for the momto "'I01"* I0'"6' n°r 8b0uld G« S moment hare been put to the expense of erecting a new gaol, if it were not forX " isten.ee of the licensed public houBes and beer houses. I believe they are the 8oar« of aS the mischief. Matthew Davenport Hill the Recorder of Birmingham, in his adderss to e grand jury of that town Jan. S 1885 ! beiein8mtd7h~'iTh°U RmoB« ^ wh* in ™lnd »Je charges whinh have been delivered from this Bench, on the causes nf I crime, will naturally ask, how is it that the enormous consumption of intox.oat.ng Uqa0r which preya.ls through the W_a sfurce of crime not only more fertile than any othpr hlte" "1101!"8 8dded together' ^ould have been passed over by or only have been brought under notice as incidental to some other topic. The subject has occupied my haX [°r ye&n-; Strange, indeed, mus^ hrrJT if 8tate °f my mind ifit not forced itself on my attention. Since the evils arising from the use of intoxicating drinks meet us at every turn. And for myself I cannot pass an hour in Court, without beine Inh f tra,,sacfion8 "hieh are put in evidence before me. of the infinite ramifica tion of this fatal pest.. Crime, gentlemen, is the extreme lmk m the chain of vice forced by intemperance, the last step in the dfrk descent, and thousands who stop short of crimmahty yet euffer aU the other miseries ilO$ Tn£ ? ^ are) withwhich tbe demon alcohol effects his victims. Judge Erkme declared at the Salisbury Assizes, in 184,4 SwF r:teQflg ® geatlemaa to six months hard labour for a crime committed throueh strong drmk, that 99 cases out of etary 100 were from the 8ame caUBe. Mr Justi^ Williams, in his charge to the jury at York, 1846, observed " that the experience of these assizes had proved that all the crime which had filled the castle was to be traced either in one way or another to the habit of drunkenness." I cau only select a few of those statements as representing tho bulk of the ovidence in all the counties in ^ iingland. I find similar evidence from as j good authorities on this side of the world. Just to give orie or two quotations—Sir A* j StepheD, Chief Justice of New South Wales m summing up a case in June. 1854, remarked' , on the fact that every C;lse hitherto tried at these assizes h*d its ongf,, j„ drink ; if there were no such thing (he Criminal Court might close. Sir Win. a'Be'-.kett. the Chief j Justice of Victoria, when on a visit to the old ■ country, in 1854, made this declaration -"I | say advisedly that in nine cases out of ten | that have come before me judicially in ( Australia, intoxication or the public- house was directly or indirectiv the cause. I do advocate the principle of a ' Maine taw''» OnJf a yery short time since Judge Boucaut of South Australia, said «nine eases out of ten that come before me judicially are the result of intoxicating drinks." So that the evidences of all nations agree that the drink traffio is intimately connected with immorality and crime. The blame lies not with the publican (many of them in their private characters are yery respectable members of Society) but with the drink, and one of the ratal mistakes tliat we have been making is that when men get drunk we lock them up and punish them, instead of locking up the drink that made them drunk. If the State took charge of all the drink, and placed it all safely under lock and key there would be an end of all the trouble at once. The history °f centuries past prove conclusively that the only effectual remedy is prohibition. J must now look to America for evidence on this 8U, Jm t-. j o thirteen of the settled and established States of that great Hennblic prohibition of the drink tr.ffif has £ ' leg«slative verity, and it has exceeded (in its enect) the most sanguine expectations of its enthusiastic supporters. I cannot in tJli8 short lecture eren refer to the struggle that took place to bring about this change in the law, but suffice it to say, in 1846, the State of Maine, after fierce struggles, had the honorof being the first State to place a prohibitory law on its Statute Books. It could scarcely be expected that a law of this kind should be perfect at. first, and so this " Maine Law" proved that evasions were easy. A oonfieeatiuff clause was added, and thousands of dollars v'orth of liquor was seized and rolled out into the streets and destroyed, and it i8 said that the populace witnessed the destruction with respectful silence. An immense and surprise mg enthusiasm sprang up ja 0ther States in favor of theJ&ame; Law. Synods and con ventions rapidly succeeded one another, and on the 2ist of January 1852 in the Fremont lemp e, Boston, the citizens assembled for Tqn P^8en.tatl0n of ^eir petition, to which idO.OOO signatures were attached. It was borne on a double sledge to., the State House over a rich banner ihe voice of Massachussets 130,000 peti tioners in favor of the Maine Liquor Law." SeTen days later a grand demonstration was made at Albany, the legislative capital of the empire State. The artillery, G-eorgeons Sleighs filled with officers, eueBts and ladies, monster rolls of petitions -with 300,000 signa tures. The Law asked for was a law to prevent pauperism and crime. The enthusi asm spread to MineBota and Uassacliussets, and other States until to-day there are thir teen States, rejoicing in the liberty of a prohi bitory law. Uow, T must just look briefly at the result of the law. Its workings.. has been watched minutely by both its > advocates and opponents. The beneficial result of its operation is demonsira j ted beyond Cavil. The testimony of Dr Lees, who made a personal tour, and minute inves tigations of the chief cities of the States, and in all the StateB where drink is freely sold, is: "I noticad an abounding intemperance and all the lamentable csnsequenoes. On the dither hand, in thirteen States I have seen both 'the looal -and general operation of prohibitory laws.- and drunkenness is all but unknown, And pauperism nearly extinct. Crime oocurs at rare ..intervals, and a lunatic or idiot will not b6 found amongst thousands of the population." Dr Lees with a frienft was travelling through the State of J&aiqe;, coming to Augusta, its capital, says—" We were driven, through'.the city by our friend, J. B. Lang, who pointed out to. us the city gaol, the windows ofwhicii.were'tioarded up. This, lie said, is owing 'to the ltaine Law • it is empty." Of Harford, containing 20,000 people, a residei^tlj^si^I&avejpotj; seen a Single drunken mnqnibr the yasr^Jv Oq.Sepi iember VtheW wW bora single mhle^fersoa iq thft Workhouse, and but for "two female* it ]4buld4iB*o'J>iei) ten{intlea8. Mr Freeman, ef HaddamV ■iysV''- Paupers reduced from ten to four.*' -':I)r-'i?.r in^hwarth, of Norwich, Jane >. 1856, says, : wThe amount of disease in poor families is not one tenth of what it was, and casualties are largely diminished." The same ' kind of evidence comes from all the StateB where the7' prohibitory .law has been carried.. Crime trf all kinds is lesBenedvandthe. mo^al and social status of society is greatly improv ed. IfSouth Australia would be free andBafe and prospbrons she must make a desperate stand against ^her great enemy, and cob£ her what it may she will be amply repaid for her. sacrifice.1; iLether adopt the principle of pro faitiition, and pauperism, crime andall-the ' terrible evils referred tointheeariy part of my address will befednewj to a minimum. : »ii JL. .L - . . i <_ a W" 