About 'the New Year. (From the. Week.) ' ? i MTew Year's Eve. * 1 .Evehv .mnh'hnth two birthdays : two days, at least, in every year, whichvsot him upon ;. . revolving tho lapse of time, as/it affects his mortal duration. Tho ono is that' which in an CHpccinl manner ho tonnoth h is. In^tha'gradunl desuetude, of old observances; .this-'oustoin of tolcmnizing^our in'pper.1- bjrtHday' liath nearly lMKsrrl tvwnvAnr in WfcVtiv'nliilrlrftn: who rnflivif-. nothing at all about iho miiftbr,' nor understand anything in it beyond cako' mid orange. But the birth of a Now Yearis of an iuterest too wide to bo permitted by Jdny or cobbler. No one ever regarded tlio first of .Tanuary with indifference. It ih that from which all date their lime, and count upon what is left. It is lhe nativity of our common Adam. Of all sound of all bolls— (hells, the music nighest bordering upon heaven) — most solemn and touching is the peal which rings out the Old Year. I nover hear it without a gitthering up of my mind to a concentration of all the ' images that have been diffused over the past twelvemonth ; all I liavn done or suffered, reformed or neglected — in that regretted time, begin to know its worth, as when a person dies. It takes a personal colour ; nor was it n I poetical flight in a contemporary, when ho exclaimed, I I snw the skirts of tho departing Year. | It is no more than, what in sober sadness I every ono of us seems to bo conscious of, in . that awful Ic.ave-tuking. I am sure I felt it, ! and all felt it with nio^Iast night ; though some | of my companions affected rather to manifest j an exhilaration ilt the birth of the coming year, than any very tender regrets for tho decease of its predecessor. But I am none of those who — We'.eome the con !.rg speed the porting guest. I am naturally, beforehand, shy ofnovelties ; new hooks, new faces, new years, — from some mental twist -which mnkes it diflicult in me to face the prospective. I liavo almost ceased to hope ; and am eanjwiiuo only in the prospects of other (former) years. I plunge into foregone visions and conclusions. 1 encounter pell-mell with past disappointments. I am armour proof ugiiiiiBt old discouragements. I forgive, or overcome in fancy, old adversaries. I play over again for lore, as tlio gamesters phrase it, gniues, for which I once paid so dear. I would tcarco now ha', e any of thoso untoward acci dents and events of my life reversed. I would no more alter them than the incidents of some well-contrived novel. Methiuks it is- hotter that I should havo pmed a.vay seven of my goldcnest yearn, when I was thrall to the fair hair, and fairer eyes, of Alice W — n, than that so passionato a love-adventure should bo lost. It was bettor that our family should J:ovo missed that legacy, which old Don-ell cheated us of, than that I should have at this moment two thousand pounds in bunco, and be without tho idea of that specious old roguo. In a degree beneath manhood, it is my infirmity to look back upon thoso early days. Do I advance a paradox, when I Bay, that, (kipping over the intervention of 40 years, a man may have leave to lovo himself, without the imputation of- self-love f ',., If I know aught of myself, no ono whoso ' ?;;.- mind is introspective — and mine, is painfully so — can havo a less respect for' his present identity, than I have for the man Elia. I know him io bo light, and vain, and humoursoino ; a notorious *?*; addicted to *»**) averse frcm counsel, neither tailing it nor offering it ; — * * * besides ; a stammering lmffoon ; what you w:ll ; lay it on, and spare not : I subscribe to it all, and much more than thon canst bo v. illing to lay iit his door — but for tho child 3i!in, ' other me,' there, iu the back ground — I must take leave to cherish the re-' mcinbrnnco of that young master — with as little reference, I protest, to this stupid change ling of uve-and-forty, as if it had been a child of some other house, and not of my parents. I ciin cry over its patient small-pox at five, and rougher medicaments. I can lay its poor fevered head upon the sick pillow at Christ's, and wake with it in surprise at the gentle posture of maternal tenderness hanging over it, that un known hi'.d watched its sleep. I know how it shrank from any tlio least colour of falsehood. God help thec, Elia, how art thou changed! — Thou art sophisticated. — I know how honest, how courageous (for a weakling) it was — how religious, how imaginative, how hopeful ! From what have I not fallen, if the child I remember was indeed myself, — and not some dissembling guardian, presenting a false identity, to give the rule to my unpractised stops, and regulate the tone of my moral being ! That I am fond of indulging, beyond a hopo of sympathy, in such retrospection, may ba the (symptom of some sickly idiosyncrasy. Or is it owing to another cause:. sinvply, that being without wife or family, I have not learned to project myself enough out of myself ; and having no offspring of my own to dally with, I turn back upon memory, and adopt my own early idea, ns my heir and favourite ? If these speculations iseem fantastical to theo, reader— (a bnsj' man, perchance), if I tread out of tho way of thy sympathy, and am singularly conceited only, I retire, unpenetrable to ridicule, under Hie phantom-cloud of Elia. The elders, with whom I wits- brought up, wero of a character not likely to lot slip tho pnered observance of an old institution; and tho ringing out of tho Old Year was kept by them with circumstances of peculiarcorcmoiiy. — In those days the Bound of those midnight chimea, though it seemed to raise- hilarity in all I prpund me, never failed tn ljrj,g a j.ra;n oi pensive imagery into my fnney. Yet I then tcarco conceived what it meant, or thought of it us a reckoning that concerned me. Not childhood alone, but tho young man till 30, 'never feels practically that ho iB mortal. Ho inows it indeed, and, if need were; he could preach n homily on the fragility of life ; but ho brings it not homo to. himself , any moro than in a hot June we eun appropriate to ourimagina- ! tion tho freezing days of December. But now, I . sliall I confess a truth ?— -I feel thoso audits but fro powerfully. I begin to count tho probabili .ties of my duration, and to grudge at tho expenditure of moments and shortest periods, like misers' farthings. In proportion ns the years both lessen and shorten, I set more count upon their periods, and would fain lay my | ineffectual finger upon tho spoko of the great j wheel. I am not content to pass away ' liko a i weaver's shuttle.' Thoso metaphors solace mo j not, nor sweeten tho unpalatablo draught of | mortality. I care not to bo carried with tho tide, that smoothly bears human lifo to eternity ; j and reluct at the inevitable course of destiny, i I am in lovo with this green earth ; tho face of town and country ; tho unspeakable rural solitudes, and tho sweet security of streets. I would set up my tabernacle hero. I am content to stand still nt tho ago to which I am arrived ; I, and my friends: to bo no youngor, no richer,' no handsomer. I do cot want to bo weaned by ago ; or drop, liko mellow fruit, as they say, into tho grave. — Any alteration, on this earth of mino, in diet or in lodging, puzzles and discomposes me. lly household gods plant a terrible fixed foot, and aro not rooted up without blood. They do not willingly tcek Lavinian shores. A now state of being staggers mo. Sun, und sky, andbreezo, and solitary walks, and summer holidays, and. tho greenness of ? Holds, and tho delicious juices of meats and lithes, and society, and tho cheerful glass, and candle-light, and nrcsido conversations, ands; innocent vanities, and jests, and irony itself— Adi these i things go out with lifo? ?-?? J 'Can a ghost laugh, or shako his gaunt sides, when you aro pleasant with him ? .-.-.? And you, my midnight darlings) my Folios ! must I part with tho intense delight of having you (huge aimfuls) in my embraces? Must ?'?'' knowledge come to mo, if it comes at all, by ttmo awkward experiment of intuition, and no '*? longer by this familiar process of reading ? Shall I enjoy friendships there, wanting tho 1 tmilirig. indications which point mo to them : ? lu?re,— tho recognisable face — tho ' sweet assur V'V anco of a look'— ? . ! ??;'!';' In. winter Hub intolerable disinclination to \--.(..... dying — to'givoit its mildest mimo — doos moro -???especially haunt and .besot mo. In a genial August noon, beneath a sweltering sky, death . ? .!-: is almost problematic'. ''At those times do suoh \--.-'' i poor makes as myself enjoy an immortality. '- ?..?= Then wo oxpand and burgeon. Thon wo aro as !_'??!' Btrong again, as vuliant again,' as wiso again, ? ? ' mid a. great deal taller. The blast that nips ' ? and shrinks me, puts mo in thoughts of doath. ??,. i .??'?'? AH things allied to the insubstantial, wait upon '«1T; ; 1 .'-thai |maBter,-ffwlintt^.ogld,.,n.umhirfl83, dreams, ???*? ? perplexity ; moonlight itself, with its shadowy Una spectral appearances, — that cold ghost of thu sun, or Phcubus' sickly sister, liko thai innutritions one denounced in the Canticles:— I am nono of her minions— I'J hold with tho Persian... ? ' i.- '?'-'' ' : Whatsoever thwarts, or. puts mo out of my.: way, brings^dcath into my mind. All partial, evils, liko humours, run into that capital plague-!' sore. — I havo hourdsomo profess an indifforonce to lifo. Suoh hail tho end of their 'existence as a port of rdfugd j'Sind speuk of tho grave as of eomo soft arms, in which thpy may slumber as , on a pillow. hSomo havo wooed death— hut put upon thee, I toy, thou foul, ugly'phantom ! ' I detest, abhor, execrate, and (with Friar John), give theo to six-score thousand devils, as in no instance to be excused or tolerated, but shunned as an universal viper : to bd branded, pro eerilicd, and spoken evil of! In no way can I be brought to digest thee, thou thin, melancholy ' J'riration, or moro frightful.' and confounding Tosithc! ' . -?' :- '?'?''. -.; ' ^VV Those antedates, prescribed against thoifeai of thee, arc altogether frigid and insulting; liko thyself. For what satisfaction hath a man, that hci shall 'lio down with kings and emperors in death,' who in his lifetime never greatly coveted tho society of mioh bedfellows f —or, forsooth, that 'm shall tho fairest face appear?' — why, to comfort mo, must Alico W — n be a goblin ? Moro than all, I conceive disgust at Uioko impertinent and misbecoming familiarities, inscribed upon your ordinary tombstones. Every dead man must take upon liimpoif to bo .lecturing me with his odious truitm, that ' Such as he now is I must shortly bo.'^YNotEo shortly, friend, perhaps as thou iirmginost. In tho meantime I am alive. I movo about. I am worth twenty of thee. Know thy belters! Thy New Years' days aro past. I sur vive, a jolly candidate for 1821. Another cup of wine— and while that turncoat bell, that justnow mournfully chanted tho obsequies of 1820 de parted, with changed notes lustily rings in a successor, let us nttuno to its peid tlio song made on a liko occasion, by hearty, cheerful Sir. Cotton. THE NEW YEAR. Hapk, tlio cock crows, and yon bright star Tells us, Ilie day himsell's not far ; And see where, breaking from the night, Ho fdldH the western hills with light. With him old Janus doth appear, reeping into the future year, 'With such a look as seems to sny, . -. . v ? 1 he prospect is not pood that way. . ??? « - 'J 1ms do we rise ill sights to see, .And 'gainst ourselves to prophesy ; When the prophetic fear of things A Mini c- tonnc- nting misdiiet lirings, More full of soul-tormenting gall Ulimi direst mischiefs can liefull. IJut. stny ! but stay ! metliinks my sight, PMtc-r Jnfnimod by clearer light, Discerns scivncness in thnt lirow, 'Hint nil contracted seem'd but, now. His revers'd fuel) may show distaste, And f niwn upon the ills are past ; But that which lliis way loots is cleai\ And unilcs upon the New-bom Year. He looks too from n place so high, The Yrar lies open to his eyo i And all the moments open are To the exact discoverer. Yet more and moro he smiles upon The happy revolution. Why should we then suspect or fear The influences of n year, So pmileB upon us tho flrst mom, And speaks us good as soon us born ? . PIrruo on't ! t lie last -was ill enough, This cannot but mnke better proof ; Or, nt the worst, ns we lirnsli'd throngh The Inst, why so we inny this too ; And then the next iu reason shou'd Be supori'XM'llratly good : For the worst ills (we daily see) Have no more perpetuity Than the best fortunes that ilo fall ; 'Which nlsn brings us wherewithal Longer their being to support, Than those do of the other sort : And who has one Rood your in tliree, And yet repines at destiny, Appears imcrntRful in tho rase, And merits not, tho good he him. Tin n let us welcome the New Guest With lusty brimmers of tlio bust : Mil th nlwnys should Good Fortune meet, And renders e'en Disaster sweet : And thmipli the Prim-ess turn her back, Lot us but lini' ourselves with sack, Wi; better shall l-y far hold out. Till the next Year she face about. How say ' you reader — do not these verses smack off the roujjh magnanimity of tho old English vein? Do they not fortify liko a cordial ; enlarging tho heart, and productive of sweet blood, and generous spirits, in tho con coction ? Where be those puling fears of death, just now expressed or affected ? — Passed liko a cloud — absorbed iu tho purging siudight of clear poetry — clean washed away by a wavo of genuine Helicon, your oidy Spa for tlie.so hypochondries — and now auethcr cup of tho generous ! and o merry New Year, and many of them to you all, my masters ! — CiLVELEaLAitD. 