POETRY. THE DEVIL'S LATEST WALK. (With Special Apolo|Us to two DistioKoiBlied From bis villa in town at the dawn of da;, A-walking the Devil is gone, To viBit his snug little urban estates, And see bov his game goes on. Over the city, the suburb, the slum, Be tambled from pillar to post, And backward and forward, observant tbssgb dumb, As a fleetly nocti-vagant ghost. And bow then was the Devil drest ? In a cJoBe bnttoned (rock, and a high-buttoned vest, With a pocket-kerchief of peacock bine, And nowhere the least little sign of a queue. For the Devil to versed in more modem pagei Than stories of Saints in the Middle Ages. Be knows the advantage of social conformity. And an obvious tail sow esteems an enormity. She Prince of Darkness, as Sbakspeare says, Is a Gentleman-in appearance. Of the horns, hoofs, and tail of his earlier days Be has made a most politic clearance. He peeped in the Booses of Parliament, And found but a factious Babel. To a smile he was moved, for be thought, " They've improved On the story of Cain and Abel." Down a red river plied with wind and tide. A pig, with vast celerity. And Satan looked wise, as he saw bow the wbUe It cut its own throat. "There 1" qnoth he, with a smile, " Goes Ireland- in search of prosperity 1" [ Be Baw Law trying a Viper for slander. And searching a mack-heap for Train; And he held bis nose, and be Bald, "I suppose That poison and filth in a dapUcate dose Have medicinal virtues for Youth." Be saw a Cynic regaling a Club With the latest patrician scandal; And a Socialist spooler who howled on a tnb; And said he, " I should taluk they're about on the brink 014 flood which shall come as to ancient Bome Came the deluge of Goth and Vandal." Then smug Physicians and smiling attorneys Bode by on their vocations. Quoth hp, " I must join these smart chaps in their journeys; Unseen I would look in their joint-stock Book Of Society Revelations." Be went Into a Bookseller's shop Bard by to a learned College; And there, peeping over the shoulder ot Youth, Be taw how new PUates played ninepins with Truth; How neo-Greek noodles, in poem and fiction. Draped dirtiest thoughts in the daintiest diction; How Art uninspired songht some stimulant fresh In charnel conceits, and the lust of the flesh. Criod be, "This is culture! The gauntest vulture On earbsge will Utten, alloweo to batten On the fruit of this tree of knowledge." He saw bugs Stores that small shop-keepers smashed, To wbose poitals cash-paying patricians np dashed; Big Companies, that piled lucre-and crashed; And the eyes of the Devil they sparkled and flashed, And he capered with great agility. Said he, "Big Monopoly's now all the go; Mankind is enamoured of size and of snow, Modest industry's stupid, small enterprise slow, No room now for Trade's little fishes, oh! no. To succeed you must be a big whale who can 'blow,' I shall re-arrange all my affairs down below, And convert them into a Joint-Stock Co., With 'Limited Liability.'" -Punch. 