Supreme Court. Civil Sittings. Yesterday. Before his Honour Mr. Justice Mein and a jury of four. IIOBSOX ANT) AXOTHEU V. rrAN'T AN'D OTIIKHS. The plaintiffs aro — Hobsou and James M'Namara, draper ; and — Plant and William Holland, of Charters Towers, aro defendants. Mr. Virgil Power and Mr. Arthur Fooz, instructed by Mr. Milford, Cairns, for plaintiff, aud Sir S. W. Griilith, Q.C., with whom was Mr. P. Real and Mr. T. J. Byrnes, instructed by Mr. G. H. Naunton, Charters Towers, for tho defendants. Tho following arc tho names of tho jury era pannellcd : James Stoddart, Isaac John Mark well, Georgo Phillip Costin, and Samuel Dalby. Tho action was for the specific perform ance of an agreement between tho parties. Tho plaintiffs -to sell and the defendants to purchase, the Clumco lease No. 2, and tho Ci.anco extended lease, ou the Mulgravo goldfield, near Cnims. Tho price asked by plaintiffs, and which defendants agreed to pay, for tho property was £3,000. William Holland, examined by Sir S. W. Griffith, deposed that he was a mining manager at Charters Towerp, anel had 19 years' ex perience in goldminiiig. Ho knew tho claims Chanco leaso p.c. No. 2, aud Chance Ex tended lease, on tho Mulgi-.ivo, near Cairns. Ho first heard of them from B. W. Stewart. He went to tho Mulgravo to inspect the mines. Previously to that ho saw Mr. M'lsamara at Charters Towers, who mado certain representations impressing him with the belief that it was a good property. Witness asked him how it was that so little work had been dono in tho mine when it was such a good property. Mr. M'Namara replied that tho original owners wero two old follows who knew nothing about gold mining, aud that when they got any gold they went ou tho liquor. Witness subsequently visited the mine, and was met at Cairns by M'Namara, who cautione'el him against saying anything about the purpose of his visit, or his business. M'Naimira, Drapor, and Gcbbio went with him to tho miiio. Wit ness went into the crosscut and examined tlio reef. Gebbic informed him that tlio stone which had been taken out of tho level had been crushed. When they camo to the shaft witness nskcel Draper how far they I,:ii1 !T.Tir- dim-ii. T)v.'mnr rr.fm'i'n/l lnm fn Gebbie, who tolei him that it was 0U feet from the surface. Gebbic said that tho stone from the shaft had also been crushed, aud some of it had gone S ounces to the ton. No work hud been dono beyond sinking tho shaft and tho cutting of tho level. Drapor was present all the time. Gebbie told him further that about 'M0 tons altogether hael been taken out of tho shaft, and the level and it had gono from 2.V ounces to ti ounces to tno ton. jjrupor aslccu witness if ho would like to go to tho surface ; l,ut witness replied that if no work had been doi'e ho did not wish to see tho surface. Gebbio said it was no use going to the surface, us tho limber in the shaft was -rotten. M'Naniara. pleaded fatigue, ane1. would not go to cxamiuo tho level. Ils found tho level did not go beyond the shaft. He found that the roof 'pinched out' about lOor 12 feet. Draper suggested that tho reef would make again. They then went to tho Chanco Extended lease, and went into the crosscut level about 250 feet. Draper told him that the stone taken out of tho crosscut went 27 dwts. to the ton. The stone was of a slaty kind. He asked why, if tho stsno went 27 dwts., they had not continued to work tho mine. Jfesaid that 27 elwts. would not pay. At tho end of tho level ho saw a heap of mul lr.ck with some stone on the tori of it. He asked what the etono was eloing there. Ho was te'lel that the stone hail been washed out of fho paddock down a gully by tho rain. Ho believed that representation, and picked up a specimen of stone, but could see no gold in it with tho naked cyo. Ho subsequently crashcel sonio of tho specimens, and saw somo very slight colours. Ho was then asked to float the concern, but ho answered that tho timo was gemo past. Ho was then asked to tako somo of fhe tpecimens to Drury and Coan. Ho said lie would prepare a report and submit it to Dimy and Coan. Ho did propnro a roport, which was read aloud by Hobsou in presonoo' of others. Hobson said tho report was very luko waim. Tho mino was subsequently offered to a Mr. Cameron, un English speculator, who was at that time at Charters Towers, but ho would havo nothing to do with it. It was aflei words offered to Mr. Plant. Mr. M'Nnmara hael como to Charters Towers to sco Cameron. Ho went to Mr. Plant's ofiico with M'Namnra. In tho cab which took them to Plant's ofiico M'Namura said ho would ask £4,000 for tho property from Pluut. WifnefS taid, ' How is that, whon you offered it to me for £3,000 r' M'Namara repliod, 'Oh, Plant has plenty of money; you say nothing,' wo will get tho £1,000, and wo will mako it right between us.' Plant agreed to givo £3,000. Tho purchaso was mado for Plant and witness. A deposit of £5 was paid, and agreements wero drnwn up and signed. Ho afterwards met Tom Bucklund, who told him Ecinclhing respecting tho mines in question. Witnces then sought out M'Namara and told him what Bucklunel said about tho mino. M'Namara eaid it was . a Ho. Witness said to M'Nnmara, 'You will get no moro money en tho bargain until tho mino is properly ox nmincd.' Witness and Mr. Plant subsequently went to tho mines and examined them. Gebbio fhen told witness in reply to a question that tho thnft was 120 feet. Witness replied 'You told me last timo I was hero that it was only 00 foot.' That, Gebbio replied, was to. a certain, lovol. about 30 feet from tho bottom. Witness paid ho would, liko to seb that lovol Gebbie eaid there wero no means of gotting.to, it. Tho crosscut lovol, ho was told, wont 30 feet' beyond tho shaft. Gobbio said thoro was not much work dono in tho ' orossout in'.tho shaft. There were, perhaps, 1,000 tons of stone raised;- and 000 or 700 tons *of quartz, and- tho remainder , was formation stone.- Tho work ings on tho .surface^ if . they .lin'd been eUsoloaed, would havo materially affected his judgement as ii min'ng expert. Thcso surfoco workings would'havo proved to him -that tlio roof was not equal nil Iho '. way down as ' ap peared fiom tho reef seam in tho level. They then went to tho Chanco Extended. Tho. ? samo party, Hobson, M'Namnra, Gobbio/ Plant, arid witnoss wont. Witness eaid to M'Namara, ' This is tho plaos whero tlio Btonu went 27 dwts.' ? Ho answered, 'Yes.' When they- wont to Guirns ho saw Drapor nud askcel him whother ho had got tho authenticated returns of tho stono taken out of tho crosscut level of Chanco Extended p o. Draper roplied thero wero no returns. Thoro wns stono crushed from tho lovol. Witnoss said, ' You told mo thoro had boon, mul that it went 27 dwts.' Draper snid, 'It must bo a mistake.' Ho had hoard that stono taken out of tho shaft had gono 27 elwts. Thoy subsequently met at M'Narnura's oflico, and Mr. Plant said that thoy would havo nothing moro to do with tho purchase, as, thoy hael boon deceived by mis representation?. They then said that they could not sco how Plant and witness could get out of it. Draper said that witness had had overy opportunity of examining the, property for himself, and that ho might havo gono ami ex amined tho surface. Witnoss replied that ho diel not wish to go on tho surface, and that ho had believed and- acted upon tlio representation made tb him. Mr. Plant subsequently wrote a letter repudiating tho purchtiso on tho grounds stated at tho previous meeting. It would havo materially affected his opinion if ho had known that, none of tho Htono tiiken out of tho level had been crushed, and that that was not the stono which went 27 ilwts. Ho relied upon the statoiuont that all tho stono taken out of tho level had been crushed, and had gone 27 dwts. Ho would not now givo £500 for tho whole pro Cross-examined by Mr. Virgil Power: On the first occasion of his visit and inspection of tho mines, when he was asked how much thoy wore worth, ho ehiiflinglr said that they h:ul better nsl: enough, and suggested they should ask £-10,000. His Honour said they might have tried to pass it upon some innocent Loiulou specula tors for .-C'JO.OOO. _? Witness: Ho was not satisfied with his examination of tho stone*. Ho sent a telegram to Mr. R. W. Stuart immediately after his return, to tlio effect that he had examined tho reef, and that it was good stone, with a reef of 12 inches ; and ho recommended Mr. Stuart to float tho concern for a good sum. Ho took some specimens of stono to Charters Towers ami had them crushed. It wns very good «toue. It waa chipped oiE the reef at tho foot of the shaft. He was shown a rotum of cruthings at Charters Towers. Mr. Forbes, the manager of the Queensland Nation, ii Bank. Cairns, gave him a verbal leturu to tho effect' that Gebbio brought in 230 ozs. 10 dwts. of gold from about 100 tens of stono crushed. Forbes told him that by going back through the books he might be able to givo tho returns of the quantity of gold brought in by Gobbio. Mr. Forbes did not toll lnm that the 230 ozs. 10 elwts. were crushed from 2S tons of stono. ±lo was told that tlio level only wont 30 loot. He did not. go further than tho heaps of nmllouk. The? mullock was about -I feet high. He did not look over tho heap of mullock. Ho had a caudle, butdieluot lookovertho heap. Ho did not go c.n tho surface because ho was told that there was no work done. Ho saw u trench o£ about ?1 feet, from which stono had been taken. Mr. Diaper did not tell him that tho stone which -vent 27 dwts was taken from tho shaft. Ho saw a 2 feet roof in tho level. He went to see the thickness of the reef. It was very dirty, anel he could not judge of its quality. Ho said in Mr. Milford' s office that ho was sur prised to ico such a field lying idle in a white community, and that he hael foarcely seen a better show on the Towers. Ho cxprcsscel that opinion from.tho size of the reef aud from Iho report of the returns. It was in consequence of the smallness ot the reef that Stuart could not float it for tho sum sug gested (£40,000). Ho suggested £10,000, and also elirected hovr tho aprdication should bo made for 24 acres for the Chanco Extended lease. Ho had a cablegram inquiring for somo mine to put on tho London market, and ho said that in the event of Stuart not being ablo to do anything with it, ho might be able to put it on the London market. Ho elid not givo Mr. Milforel any instructions to prepare a pro spectus. Ho signed an agreement. Ho did not Eeo a letter from London which stated that a certain cablegram' which was sent to Eugland from Queensland had slopped this mino from going oif. Mr. Real : Your side were moro likely to seo that letter. Witness : Ho did not givo any instruction to Mr. Milforel to prepuro tho first document. Ho remembered Mr. Draper calling him umiIo imel asked whether it was a good property. Ho eliel not say that tho fools were not miners, and thought that the roof had cut out, but that it was only u break and tho reef mightbc met witn at any time, xie nuairoquentiy seen tho same thing in Gynvpio. He elid explain how reefs broke, and said that it was often seen in Gympie. Ho did say that the men could not bo miners to sink a shaft and drive a level without stopeinsr. He remembered Mr. Draper asking him to go up tho hill. Draper liovcr asked if lie would like to see tho workings upon tl.o hill. Hiibson elid not go to tho mines with the party. He saw Mr. Hobson at Cairns. Ho did not remember asking him about tho mine. Ho knew t ho price Gebbio was to get for tho mino — £1,000. He siiid thnt ho boiiovod tho roof could bo met again by a crosscut. Ho said that ho never saw a better reef ; but ho meant a belter elefined reef between its formation walls. Ho was instructed to inspect both mines. Diaper told him that they both belonged to a small company, of which Draper was secretary: Ho drew a sketch plan of tho most compact mniincr of applying for a lease. Ho know writing was going on, but ho did not know what agreements wero mado. When Plant alleged that tho matter had been misropro lenfcd to him ho did hear either Hobson, Draper, or Miicnamara say it was neither of iheso threo gentlemen who elid it. AH threo rot resented from tho first that thoy knew nothing about mining. Thoy saiel to Plant something to tho effect that it was very hard for him to baok ont of it after thoy hael spent some of tho money. His Honour : Nothing can turn on that. If they had no right to tho money thoy had no right to spend it. Mr. Power : Oh yes, your Honour, there is. His Honour : I cannot seo it. Mr. Power : It was a cash transaction, and wo expected tho mo;aoy in January. Witness : Ho never said ho was willing; to pay hiB share of it after Plant had repudiated the purcliaFO, i±o was not uiraiu to go uacK with Mr. Plant. Ho did say that ho was sorry that ho did not muko n bolter inspection of tho mine on tho first occasion beforo Mr. Plant was led away. Ho hud no particular reasons for having a pieco of tho stono broken oft'. It wns a common thing for a miner to pick up a piece of stono and put it in his pocket as a specimen. .???.. Mr.' Virgil produced a letter from M'Namara. to Hollimnn, in which ho oxolaimed, 'Groat Ciesar's ghost, you cannot mean to abandon tho purchaso of tho property.' In his letter nuiirging to go to Cuirns and .again examine the property ho did not mean anything by ' ro ouisitcs' but tho necessary outfit for travelling. . Witness never received a letter fromM'Numnra saying thnt Stuart had, wired to. him that his (witness's) report was* unfavourable. 'Stuart hod not then received.. witness's full roport at tho dato of that alleged letter.' ' ', ?'??'? Kc-c-xnmincd by Mr. Eoiil: Gibbio- and Grant held tho pippcrties under miners' right ns an ordinary claim. Mr. Cameron was not willing to go to Cairns, or to recommend his proposal to purchnso tho .' property. ,Ho in foimeel Mr. Stuart of his arrangement with' plaintiffs. ? ' \ '' E. H. T. Plant, exnmiucd, by_ Mr. Boal, do poEcd thnt he was a quartz' 'minor at Charters Towers. He know tho properties in question. Mr. M'Nnmnra introduced tho Bubjeet of tho properties to him by tollinghim what a splendii show ho had. Ho told witness : they -hid ?bought from Gebbio and .Grant; that thoy could not afford to work it themselves, nndthsy wanted to Ecll. Ho tol&.witnoss thnttho namei^ of tho leasesworo tho Chnneo P.O. No; 2 and tho Chnucb ' Extended. : Witness -aBkcd Mr. ' M'Nu'maia what work had been done on tho mines. M'Numara told him, and -said that tl-.o stono had gono over '3 ozs. to tho fen. WitnceB remarked that ho was surprised , that eo littlo work had been 'done,,.. when'.' M'Namnra said tho owners did not .understand' mining, and thnt when they hud ? n; crushing^ they went on tho sprco as long as their monoy lasted.. Witness linked- for :it!ib authontiontcdj returns of thecruehingB Tbosd communications, wero rnnelo at intorviows previous to his Booing M'Namara in Holliman'B company. M'Namura told witness that ,tho Chanco Extended had crushed 27 dwts. to tho ton. Ho said Hollimnn had reported on tho mino, and would confirm what Iio said about them. M'Numara outlined tho position of tho prospocting claim on paper on witness's table. Ho stated that tho reef ou tho Extended was not so good us in tho prospecting claim, but that it was much thicker. Ho did not remember that ho had soon Hollimnn respecting tho . property up to this timo, although ho had boau on tho lookout ? for him. Ho boiiovod M'Numara's statement respecting tho minos. M'Nnmnra during tho interviow frequently referred to Hobson to support his statomonts, nud Hobson invariably boro out ' WNumara's statements. Ho lmd-not up to that timo soon Holliman's report, but at tho interview when Holliinan was present tho latter gave witnoss tho subs.tanco and it agreed with tho report road. M'Namara said tho mino wns bettor than tho report. M'Namara and Hobson then with drew, nud witness aud Holliinan eliscussed tho show. M'Nnmara and Hobson rnUirned shortly afterwards, and witnoss on. the strength of the representations offered £3,000 for tho properly. Witness was to take two-thirds aud llolliman the other third ; £5 was paid on tho agreement. It was then arranged that witnoss and Ilollimau should go to oxamino tho mino. They accordingly went to Cairns on tho 12th February. They proceeded to tho mine tho sumo afternoon. M'Namara, Hobson, anel Draper accompanied them to tho mine. Witness wanted to examine tho shaft, and ono of tho plaiuliffs said that ho could not get up, anel (hut it would be dangerous. Ho remarked that tho stone nlongsido tho tuunol was very poor. Ho slated also that ho had boon told that all the stono taken out of tho tunnel hnd been' crushed. Gebbic saiel, ' No ; only a portion of ithad been crushed.' Gebbio further taid that if all the stone taken out of the tunnel wns unshed it would go from 4 oz. to 15 dwts Witness said, in presence of Gebbio, M'Namara, Draper, mid Hobsou, that he hud been told that all tho stone from iho tunnel had been crushed, and that it had gone on an average 3 ozs. to Iho ton. The party then went to tho surfaco of the mine. Witness found that a shallow lovol liael been put in there. Thero wero also indications of whero tho reef had been worked out nnd filled up again. Ho could not determine tlio depth of those surface workings, but tho wholo of tho ground seemed to havo been thoroughly fossicked over. He saw some quartz lying about. The Mn-faco for about 200 foot had. boon fossicked. Ho did not expect to seo any work ings on the surface. As soou as ho had seen the surfaco workings and tho general appear ance of the mine, he was of opinion that it had been worked ont. Tho pllrt.y then wont to tho Chance Extended. Tho know ledge he derived from his examination of Iho p.o. greatly iiiiluencetl his jueigo nu-m. If ho had known tho truth ho would not have given £3,000. Ho elid not remember any conversation between Hollimau and phiiu tiif, respecting tho authenticated return ol tho mines. Witness inquired for thoso returns previous to going to the mine. Ho asked tho hank manager to furnish him with as full returns an ho could. Mr. Forbes promised to do so, but it woulel take a good timo to go through his books. Ho could only givo tho returns of golel Ho know nothing about tho number of tons crushed. Had ho known tho facts ho would not have thought for a moment of buying it. As a genuine speculation ho cou sidercel the property worthless. He had 20 yems' experie-nco in goldminiiig. A know ledge ot tlio state of tho workings would havo aileetcel tho vnluo in tho opinion of any ex perienced miner. Tho workings showed' that Iho mine hael been worked ns far as it epuld he made payable. After ho hael seen tho workings ho declined to complete tho purchase, und wro^o to tho plaintiffs to that eil'ect. Ho had previously expressed to them verbally at Cairns the substance of tho letter. Cross-examined by Mr. Virgil Power : He diel liot know thnt whatever quartz had been t'iken ont ? of tho mines was taken out by Geljbio nnd Grant. He did not know that plaintiffs knew nothing about mining. Ho mining. Ho did not remember Hobson saying (hat they know nothing about mining. He hael known M'Nnmara, who had boon acting us agent for him in buying laud about 12 months before. He knew that M'Naniara ' was not mining at that time. Ho meant by 'authenticated returns thoso obtained from tho warden's office. These aro generally inude by the machine-owner. . His Honour: Is thero any provision in tho mining regulations requiring such returns ? Witness : Thtro is no compulsion to mako fhc&u; returns; but it is usual to make them. Ho generally mado his returns by letter. Ho did not agree with Hol linuiu's telegram to Stuart that thero was gocd ut ono. Ho remembered somcouo uayinjr, ' Was it either Hobson, Draper, or myself?' He beliovcel it was M'Nnmara who saiel so. Witness declined to say who hael misropro fenieel tho mines. Ho declined to go into tho matter. Hobson said something to tho effect thnt if ho hnd been 'hael' at all it was by Ilollimau, his partner. The court at this point ndjoumed until 10.30 o'elock on Monday morning. 