BfiOADBEIM'S NEW YORK IETTSB. A few days ago all that was mortal of a man who had once been quite a conspicuous figure in this city was borne to his last resting-place at Cypress Hills, and the pall bearers were some of the most distinguished men in the State. There were lawyers and doctors, judges of the courts, musicians and actors, politicians and1 clubmen, men eminent in' science and literature, and a vast crowd of critics and re porters. The man around whose bier they were congregated was an Irishman named Edmond O'Maberty, but who, disowning the country which honored him by <gmng him birth, chose the name of William Stuart, by which name he was known for the last thirty years in this metropolis. He came to this country to escape tbe consequences of an offence which prevented him from ever vieit ing hisiiative land again. He was cast off by his relatives and former friends, and died iu exile forsaken and almost forgotten till the news of his death suddenly startled the re membrance of the town to what he had been in the past. Romantic lives are not uncom mon here. In a walk down Broadway almost any afternoon you can jostle against million aires, the sound of whose names shake the financial centres of the world; bankrupts whose failures have made tbe whole land tremble; ministers, litterateurs, gamblers, thieves, and soiled' doves. Yes, romantic lives are plenty, and perhaps those who record them for the daily press are not tbe least romantic of them all. Edmond O'Flaherty at his death has been deified and execrated, and as I write two press notices of his decease lie on the table before me. Both of them are from leading papers, and both of them would seem entitled to equal credit. " He was a good soul (writes one), kind, generous, and trae, With brilliant talents and varied accom1 plishments, whioh marked him as. one of the last of the generation of gentlemen of the old Bchool. He was alikeat home inthe company of the ordinaiy Bohemian and men of the noblest lineage and most distinguished intel lect. He was a gentleman of brilliant con versational powers, and as a ranconteur he - leaves few equals behind him. These admir able qualities made him ever a welcome guest at the principal clubs and the tables of the great where his Iosb will be deeply mourned by those who knew him best and loved him." The other writes: " The death in poverty and obscurity, and -almost-oblivion, of Edmond O'Flaherty, better known as William Stuart, enables a large amount <of Bohemian -gush and displays an amazing amount of journalistic igno rance in the New York papers of to-day. The man had ceased from public view for years, and'while he was on view he was neither an honorable nor admirable object j his was a Swiss pen, at the service of any cause or theory when he himself might' profit. He could write_ with power and polish, but he lacked principle to ballast his brilliantly rotten abili ties j his character was so repulsive, his liter ary talents so predatory, and- living, habits bo conscienceless, that his very abilities were the servants of a vioiousness that the press is well rid of, when his kind drop into the forced inactivity of the grave." These are the two obituaries. - • The man's end in obscurity and poverty I should be a lesson to all young men who seek to enter on a metropolitan life. Twenty-five years ago he was one of the most popular men in the city. He was then proprietor of the Winter Garden, the fashionable theatre of New York, and while there he introduced Matilda Heron and Edwin Booth to the American public. His reckless manage ment and utter faithlessness of obligation brought the theatre to financial ruin, and thereafter Mr. O'Flaherty lived by his wits, occasionally writing brilliant but utterly unreliable articles for newspapers and maga zines. He started life with golden prospects, being allied to one of the beat families in Ire land. He received a first-class collegiate education, and easily gaining admission into the most distinguished society, married one of the most beautiful and talented women in Great Britain, and after two or three years of the wildest dissipation. he was driven into exile never to return to his native land. Instead of trying to reform he kept up a style of living which astonished those who knew him best, and gave luxurious dinners to bon vivants and dissipated roues like himself, which were paid for with worthless notes and violated obligations. The prodigal* liver, the once petted favorite of fortune at last, deserted by. the friends of his more prosperous days, and banished from the clubs where he had once been the most honored guest, found' refuge in a couple of cheap rooms in one of the moBt common 'quarters of the-city, and there for the past few years he eked out a miserable existence, dependent on the bounty of the friends which his reckless improvidence and dissipation had left him. Even in this wretched estate he still attempted to keep up his former style by keeping a valet at a time he hardly knew where. his breakfast and dinner were coming from* This faithful ser vant stuck to him to the last with a devotion truly touching which distinguishes the Irish peasantiy in their love of the ould families, for he recognized even in his squalid misery and rags the descendant of the bould O'Flaherty, who stood beside the great Brien at Clontarf or sent death into the ranks of the Sassahach at Vinegar Hill, or dyed with Saxon blood the clear waters of the Boyne. When mortal aid could no longer reach him, the magnates of the city gathered around his bier and . gave him Christian burial, and in due time a monument will rise to mark the spot where he reposes; bat the young journalist who seeks the metropolis to carve his way to fame would do well to profit by > this wasted life—devoted mainly to unworthy ends, to wild dissipation and . personal gratification. Notwithstanding his trans cendent ability and brilliant opportuni ties, ;he ; leaves nothing Jbehind to mark his having beeW but" tbe Dead Sea fruit of ashes. Yet tbe romance of this, man's life is as nothing to that of a couple of women who here created quite a sensation $ the jewels which decorate the persons of these fortunate or unfortunate1 dames, is said in one case to ' be worth $750^000 and in the other over a million and a half of dollars. Both were servants at the start, both had unfortunate matrimonial ventures ; one considers herself unfortunate in being a wife still, and the other esteems herself one of the most fortu nate of human beings in being that dear, delightful, adorable thing, a widow. Madam Terry, the lucky inheritor by her second mar .riageoforer twenty millions of dollars, was | the barmaid of a taproom in Liverpool, j When there she met an American thief and forger and married him, and for several years | thereafter shared his fortune. Justice at last overtook him; he was sent to States Prison, and the felon's wife was fortunate enough to captivate the millionaire Terry, who dying left her all his fortune, making her one of the richest women in the United States. The other started as a servant, and after a life of tbe strangest vicissitudes oscillating between the slums and stage, achieved a marriage with one of the most distinguished scientists in the city of Wash ington. Two years ago last Fall a lady might be seen early every morning dashing like mad around the concourse bai-k of the White House, and after a wild ride that might have made Fred Archer's hair stand on end, disappeared as suddenly as she came and the question was, who is she ? The late President Arthur used to stand at his window and watch her, and he was a great admirer of her wild and daring horsemanship. This is female No. 2 from a kitchen to a palace, from a brass ring and pinchbeck jewelry to $700,000 worth of the rarest jewels in the woJld. Lillian Smith, the child-thief, is oar latest sensation and one that brings us face to face with the unpleasant fact that here in New York, where we send • the .missionaries to the Congo and to Chiua and the Fiji, thieving is taught as a fine art, and that there , are men and women in this Christian land, who can sit down and coolly train little children to a life , of crime whose end is misery and death; We I hare prodigies, plenty of them, children pre cocious in almost every -walk of life, but never before have we been called upon to chronicle a ca?e of moral depravity like that of Lillian Smith, the child-thief. She stole apparently because she liked to do it, and took the usual precaution of older female thieves of destroy ing the pocketbooks and hiding the proceeds of her plunder in her stockings. It is to be hoped that some means may be discovered to save her from a life of misery and shame; but years after ber case will be considered one of the phenomena of the criminal calendar of Slew York. The opening year gave us a most unfriendly greeting, Januaiy 1st being one of the most unpleasant days that we have had this winter; part of the day a driving sleet drove pedestrians from the streets which the fall of snow on New Year's Eve had made a sea of slush. Callers were not so numerous as of yore, and those who ventured out from a sense of duty fortified themselves from tbe fury of the storm is a manner not sanctioned by a constitutional prohibitionist. Towards night the streets were filled with men who had evidently been testing the excise law, and the distinguisned list of drunk and disorderly benefited the city treasury several hundred dollars. It is rumored that those interested in main taining the German Opera are making savage attacks on tbe American Opera, which is the especial pleasure of "New York. For the development of American talent some hundreds of thousands of dollarshave be^ninvested, and that by parties who did it "for pleasure, not profit, and who never expected to see their money again. Mrs. Thurberr^hexhief patro ness of the undertaking, ha3 worthed like a beaver since its first inception for success. Theodore Thomas, one of the foremost musicians in tbe United^tates,iia8 staked his reputation on it, but itlobkrasif there was pre concert among the critics,, for every mishap is heralded from Dan to Bersbeba, and every rumor of failure magnified a thousand fold. I can only say that it has not been a failure in New York or Brooklyn; the performances have been most excellent and have given the greatest satisfaction. We are doing some : tall politick .figuring here for-the coming senatorial election, and it is not an easy matter to tell who has got the inside track. It looks very Mortonish now, but no man can tell what a day may bring forth.- Warner Miller is still'a very lively ghost, as some folks may discover before the ides of March. We can only watch results, and may the best man win is my sincere wish. 