A Bare Poll. . Thkhk arc polls and polls ; some are bare, others empty ; of tho former, was the voting yesterday against the School of Arts: loan, of the latter, the voters. Incidents, there wore none to record, 'save the presence of the virtue natieuco. for in truth, the officials whose 'duty it was to record the votes of the intelligent minority played a p;amc of patience all day, and they must indeed be the most exemplary ?? of menif!,they do not cherish tho most deadly hatred, for those who remorse lessly sacrificed them on the altar of — was it duty ? At one time the South Ward showed some animation, for it is stated that in the space of two hours three old women recorded thuir abhor rence of tlig surreptitious manner in which the School of Arts Committee were striving to rob the ratepayers. How, and why, the felonious act was to be accomplished they knew not : — The reason why they could not tell, But still they thought tho loan a sell, That, and that only, they knew well. No figure of -speech is this, for an elderly dameon being interrogated by a friend eager to save her reputation for common sense, when asked why she voted, said : . Uecausc Alderman — no we won't, tell-^-badc her do so. Was this 'the blind leading the blind ? It was. Some opponent may call out : ' Three or four old women ? Why there were, eighty votes ! ' Yes, eighty old women of both sexes, and of these forty-eiglit from the South Ward re corded their opposition. Alderman Fooabtv marshalled them tho way they had to go like the ghost in Hamlet, and upon as air spun a mission. Yut Mr Fogauti' and his coadjutors aro to be congratulated, fornoineonsider able amount ef eloquence and rhetoric must have been expended to produce the given results. Forty-six votes — fuvwi inaia juil, nuu vuuuia, Wliiuil ill truth shows that either Mr FoGAB'rr or the Town Hall is of some weight in the locality— the latter probably. How was the end achieved? How were ratepayers brought face to face with the languid officials (intent oh patience) ? Curiosity excited, and we wonder whethor fears, hopes, or flattery wcro the moans used. A mixturo of the first and last, probably ?for those who voted against the School of Arts Loan are beyond hope. The thought that the South Ward was abpnt to. be robbed of its white ele phant stabled in James-street, the. idea that they we're to loso^ that prestige a Town Hall gives, no doubt proved too much for many, and so as,. a wounded snake drags its slow length along, the weary units, duets and trios all rolled into one crept up. But they did not reach that point which betokens in terest, they did not oven succeed in disturbing the even ..tenor of the re cording angels, who, if they dropped a tear on thuir pages dropped it in pity for themselves. At one time we feared that tho house to house visitation on the Paddington Estate would be fraught with ovil,' but after all, the residents there have net proved so gullible as their advisers supposed, and so the loan is carried with flying colors. It would have been terribly unfortu nate had it been otherwise. The last sitting of the crushed Anti-Progress Association was held last night. ?The proceedings were of a pathetic character, and the meeting was finally dissolved in tears. 