BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. A faw days ago all that was mortal of a man who had once been quite a conspicuous figure in this city-was borne to its last resting {Sfhcu au vyu.^. ^ wore sorao of the most distinguished men in tho State. There wore lawyers and doctors, judges of tho courts, musicians and actors, politicians and clubmen, men ominent in scienco and literature, and a vast crowd of critics and reporters. Tho man around whose bier they wero congregated was an Irishman namedEdtnundO'Flaherty, but, who,disown ing the country which honored him by giving him birth, chose the name of William Stuart; by which name ho was known for the last thirty years in this metropolis. Ho came to this country to escape tho consoquonces of an offenco which prevented him from ever visiting his native land again. Ho was cast oil by his relativos and former friends, and died in exile forsaken and almost forgotten till tho nows of his death suddonly startled tho remembrance of the town to what ho had been in tho past. Romantic lives are not uncommon horo. In a walk down Broadway almost any afternoon, you can jostle against millionaires, the sound of whose names shake tho (inaucial centres of the world ; bankrupts whoso failures have made the whole land tremble : ministers, literatours, gamblers,, thieves and soiled doves. Yes. romantic lives are plenty, and perhaps thoso who record them for tho daily press are not the least romantic of them all. Edmund O'Flahorty at hi.s death has boendeftledand execrated, aud as I write, two press notices of his decease lio on the table before me. Both of thoin are from leading papers, and both of them would seem entitled to equal credit. " Ho was a good soul ( writes one), kind, generous, and true, with brilliant talents and varied accom plishments, which marked him as ono of tho last of tho generation of gentlemen of tho old school. Ho was alike at homo in the company of tho ordinary Bohemian and men of the noblest lineage and most distinguished intollect. He was a gentleman of brilliai-i conversational powers, and as a ranconteur ho leavos few equals behind him. These ad mirable qualities made him over a welcome guest at the principal clubs and tho tables of tho groat, where his loss will bo deeply mourned by thoso who knew him best and loved him." Tho other writes : "The death in poverty and obscurity, and almost oblivion, of Edmund O'FIaherty, better known as William Stuart, enables a large amount of Bohemian gu3h and displays an amazing amount of journalistic ignorance in the New York papers of to-day. The man had ceased from public view for years, and while he was oil view he was neither an honorable nor admirable object ; his was a Swiss pen, at the service of any cause or theory when lie himself might profit. He could write with power and polish, but he lacked principle to ballast his brilliantly rotten abilities ; his character was so re pulsive, his literary talents so predatory, and living habits so conscienceless, that his very abilities were the servants of a viciousness that the press is well rid of when his kind drop into the forced inactivity of the grave." These are tlio two obituaries. The man'3 end in obscurity and poverty should be 3 lesson to all yonug mten who seek to enter on a metropolitan life. Twentv-tive years ago ho was one of tlio most popular men in tho city. He was then proprietor of the Winter Garden, the. fashionable theatre of New York, and while there he introduced Matilda Heron and Edwin Booth to the American public. His reckless management and utter faithlessness of obligation brought "the theatre to financial ruin, and thereafter Mr.O'Flaherty lived by his .vits, oc casionally writing brilliaht but utterly un reliable articles for newspapers and maga zines. He started life with golden pros pects, being allied to one of the best families in Ireland. He received a first class col legiate education, and easily gaining ndmis sion into tho moat distinguished society, married ono of tho moat beautiful and talen ted women in (ireat liritain, and after two I of throe yoar'.i of tho wildest dissipation ho 1 was driven into exile never to return to Ilia native land. Instead of trying to reform ho kopt up a stylo of living which astonished thoso who know him best, and gave luxurious dinners to bon vivants and dissipated roues liko himsolf, which woro paid for with worth less notes and violatod obligation. Tho prodigal liver, tho onco potted favourite of fortuno at last, dosortod by tho friends of his more prosporous days, and banished from tho clubs where ho had onco boon- tho most honored guest, found rofugo in a couplo of chcnp rooms in 0110 of tho commonest quartors of tho city, and thoro for tho past fow yoars I10 eked out a miscrablo existence, dopondont 011 tho bounty of tho friends which his reckless improvidence and dissipa tion had left him. Even in this wretched estate ho still attempted to keep up his formor stylo by keoping a valet at a timo ho hardly know whoro his breakfast or dinnor was coming from. This faithful Bervant stuck to him to tho last with a devotion truly touching, whidh distinguishes tho Irish peas antry in their love of tho ould families, for ho recognized even in his squalid misery and rags tlie descendant of tho bould O'Flahorty, who stood beside the groat Brian at Olontarf, or sont death into tho ranks of tho Sassanach at Vinegar Hill, or dyed with Saxon blood the clear waters of tho Boyno. When mortal aid could 110 longor roach him, tho magnates of tho city gathered around his bior and gavo him Christian burial, and in duo timo a monument will riso to mark tho spot whoro ho reposos; but tho young journalist who scok3 tho metropolis to carvo his way to famo would do well to profit by this wasted life— devoted mainly to unworthy ends, to wild dissipation aud personal gratification. Not withstanding his transcondont ability and brilliant opportunities, ho loaves nothing be hind to mark his having been, but tho Dead Sea fruit of ashes. Yot tho romance of this man's lifo is as no thing to that of a couplo of women who havo hero created quito a sensation ; tho jewels which decorate the persons of these fortunate or unfortunate dames, are said in ono enso to bo worth S750.000, and in tho 'other over a half a million and a half of dollars. Both were servants at tho start, both had unfortu nate matrimonial ventures, ono considers her self unfortunato in boing a wife still, and tho tho othor ostoems horself one ofthomost^fortu nato of human boings in being that dear, dolightful, adorablo thing, a widow. Madamo Terry, tho lucky inheritor by hor second marriago of over twenty millions of dollars, was tho bar maid of a taproom in Livorpool. When there sho mot an American thief and forgor and marriod him, and for soveral yeara thereafter shared his fortuno. Justico at last overtook him ; he was sont to states prison, and the felon's wife was fortunate onough to captivate tho millionaire Terry, who dying left her all his fortune, making hor ono of tho richest womon in the United States. Tho othor started as a servant, aud after a lifo of tho strangest vicissitudes oscillating botweon tho slums and atago, achieved a marriago with one of tho most distinguished scientists in tho city of Washington. JL'wo years ago last Fall a lady might bo soon early every morning dashing liko mad around tho concourse back of tho Whito Houso, and aftor a wild ride that might havo made Fred Archer's hair stand on ond, dis appeared as suddenly as sho camo and tho question was, who is sho? Tho lato President Arthur used tostandat his window and watch her, and he was .1 great admirer of hor wild and daring horsemanship. This is fomalo No 2 from a kitchen to a palaco, from a brass ring and pinchbeck jowellery to §700,000 worth of the rarest jewels in the world. Lillian Smith, the child-thief, is our latest sensation, and one that brings us faco to faco with tho unpleasant fact that hero in New York, where wesondmissionarie3to the Congo, to China and the Fiji, thieving is taught as a fine art, and that there are men and womon in this Christian land who can sit down and coolly train little children to a life of crime whoso ond is misery and death. We havo prodigies, plenty of them, children precocious in almost every walk of life, but never before have we been called upon to chronicle a case of moral depravity like that of Lilian Smith, tho child-thief. She sioleapparently because sho liked to do it, and took the usual pro caution of oldor femalo thieves of destroying the pocket-books and hiding the proceeds of her plunder in her stockings. It is to be hoped that some means may bo.discovered to savo her from a life of misery and shamo ; but years after, hor caso will bo considered ono of tho phenomena of tho criminal —' ' I~ XT vx«.li The opening year gave us a most umriouuiy greeting, January 1st being one of tho most unpleasant dayo that wo have had this winter; part of thedaya driving sleetdrove pedestrians from the streets which tho fall of snow on New Years's Eve had made a sea of slush. Callers wore not as numerous a3 of yore, and thoso who ventured out from a senso of duty fortified themselves from the fury of the storm in a manner not sanctioned by a constitutional prohibitionist. Towarda night the streets were filled with men who had evidently been testing the excise law, and the distinguished list of drunk and disordorly benefited the city treasury several hundred dollars. It is rumored that thoso interested in main taining the German Opera are making savage attacks on tho American Opera, which is tho especial pride of New York. For the develop ment of American talent some hundreds of thousands of dollars havo boon invested, and that by parties who did it for pleasure not pro fit, and who never expected to see their money again. Mrs Thurber, the chief patroness of the undertaking, has worked like a beaver since its first inception, for success. Theodoro Thomas, ono of the foremost musicians in the United States, has staked his reputation on it, but it looks as if there was pre-concert among the critics, for every mishap is heralded from Dan to Bothsheba, and every rumor of failure magnified a thousand fold. I can only say it lias not been a failure in New York or Brooklyn ; tho performances have been most excellent and have given tho greatest satis faction. We are doing somo tall political figuring here for the coming senatorial election, and it ia not an easy matter to tell who has got the inside track. It looks' very Mortonish now, but 110 man can tell what a day may bring forth. Warner Miller is still a very lively ghost, as some folks may discover be fore the ides of March. We can only watch results, and may tho best man win is the sin cere wish of. Truly yours, BUOADBRIM. 