CHAPTER II. There are few scenes in New Zealand more grandly rue—1 than the Ohan Valley, Taranaki, 'lie spot where the Volunteers had formed their birouac on the 24th of Dee., in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was ChriatmaaEve, the time night, a calm lovely night, with moon and stare stud ding the dark bine canopy of heaven. The camp was composed of six hundred rank and file of the Auckland Bifies, together with one troop of Caversham's Horse. The latter had; pitched their tents on a small hill adjacent to where the oommissariat stores had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the sixty men of the troop, ten of their .number had been told off as gnard, nnder the charge of Sergeant Exlej. The supply of grog and provisions were only limited, and 'needed imt one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. Tnere were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row, flanking the stores,—a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor .tippler who chaneed to have charge in the still dead night, with no eye looking on. This idea appeared to have taken posses sion of the sergeant, for he called the guard together about the watch-fire, and said: " Comrades, I need hardly remind yon of the general order issued this morning. We are nnder martial law here on the field. Colonel Bartopp. as you all know, is a very strict officer, and will punish. the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity, mind that, and above all remember that any man found tipsy while on duty, will most assuredly go to the triangles. You understand ?" . They appeared to nnderstand very well that drunkenness would be punished only with the lash, and they glanced towards the rum-puncheons, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to con cern himself about their welfare. There were others about the fire who did not belong to the guard. One, a short, broad shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra jirma, if one might judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the ser geant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot op the rough nose of a magnificent water-spaniel at his side. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with mouth agape. The boy, who answered the nom de place of *' Sanfly," was one of that gender known as a camp fag and general knock-about amongst the troopere. He could speak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withal one of the most mischievous young vagabonds in Maoriland. As the night waxed apace,_ there arose a keen wind, which made the air biting cold, . and set the whole tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner be neath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and then retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradually thinned, until only two persons remained by it,— Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain, yet notwo men were more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly and refined in bearing, but weak'and yielding to pusilan imifcy. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How came these opposites to befriends? Simply through one little act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold " Te Banga," Bob Cable lay bleeding to death out side the enemy's trench, from a severe gash in his side received during the attack. The Volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his life Charles Stanton walked coolly out to the trench, and brought in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fire, with the dog . between them, and a small flask of rum, which has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call lor number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Cable "good-night," and answers "Here." It is his turn for sentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout the camp, save for the wild soreeoh of the pelew out yonder by the lake. Sanfly orouched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noiselesdy lifts one end of the covering and. peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannican in his hand, talking to the sentry in a low earnest tone._ " Indeed Charlie, I see no great harm in a glass of grog on sueh a cold night. We are not in town where it could be easily obtained, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of course you are on Bentry, and can prevent my taking any, but I must say a small half-pint out of one of these casks would never be mis sed." " Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton, carelessly, " Pray do as you please, you have command of the guard; but I say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave us respecting general orders, and Colonel Bartopp's stern discipline ?" The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, " Wait until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. _ One side for the men, the other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all the fuss and humbug put forth in orders general or otherwise. Bed tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape to the end of the chap ter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to his tent without a skinful of good liquor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to watch through the long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is here ready at our hand? " " Bravo, Exley 1 Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except the quarter-master, but I repeat, you are my superior officer, and—there are the oasks." "Good. This fellow here seems a little apoplectic, we will bleed him.'1 " With all my heart, but how will you do it, through his bunghole ? " cried Charlie, laugh ing. " No! Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, I have a gimlet. Now, keep watch while I spile this fellow's frontis piece." Clement Exley oaBt a triumphant look at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had the good natured inconstant dupe seen that look, he would have thought twice before hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty sooundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring the man by his own standard, saw nothing in it Bave a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's stripes for it. Crawling from his lair as silently as a ser pent, Sanfly beheld Exley holding the panni oan over a thin stream issuing from one of the oasks. How the liquor hissed and gurgled as it spouted into the pot! When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the surgeant plugged it up again. " Now, comrade, take a nip." " After you," said Charlie, modestly. 513 11 The girls we left behind afl," and the eer geant pot the liquor to hie lips, bat he did not drink any. " I'll give that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlie, in proof of which he almost emptied the pannican at a draught. It took away hib breath for the nonce, bat that vras nothing—ite ri^ht was cold. " What do yoa say, shall we refill the gob let, Stanton ? " " By all means, Exley, and the pot was re plenished. " I did not expect we were going to have each a jolly time in general," said the sentry, seating himBelf on one of the puncheons, with the can of ram between his knees, " Come, Clem, take a sip and pass the de canter." In a short time the measure was again empty, and once more refilled. The fiery spirit was at least twenty degrees over proof, ant soon began to tell upon the troopers. " We mast be caatioas, comrade, and not aronsa the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noiay. " It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visiting offioer before four o'clock." "Oh, bother the visiting officer—pass the nappy, Clem." " I suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours are up, Char lie ? " " Not at all. I am content to remain here until daylight, providing you leave me the gimlet. Here's y our health, Clem, and may yoa live to be a general." The sergeant watched him with glistening eyes. " Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy," he said. 1111 nonsense. Here, hold my carbine, the pot is empty." One p.m. by the sergeant's watch, and the sergeant's companion is growing thick of speech andraiher prosy. In another half hour the poor dupe is staggering about, moralising to the empty air, like one of Con greve'e heroes. He will have another sip of the liquor, and he haa his way, for he is beyond reason now. The rum has mastered him completely; anon he is nothing but a grovelling bundle of humanity, his laugh cracked, sense gone, and talking—ye Gods 1 snob rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant grows disgusted and leaves him alone in his glory. _ . The officer of the night begins his rounds pftrliar than was expected. At three a.m. the ComroisBariat Guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as correct. •■How many Bentries have yoa, Sergeant Exley!" « Only one, Captain I" " I will visit him." It was usual for two men of the guard and the noncommissioned officer in charge to accompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the captain over to the storeB, but of oonrse there was no one to challenge their approach. " Halt," cried the officer, " how's this ? where is your man, sergeant ?" he aBked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered, the Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed out the dark innert form of the tipsy sentinel stretched upon the floor fast asleep. A light was brought from the tent and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to inquire how the man got drunk on his post. The leaking cask, the gimlet, and the pannican half full of liquor on the ground beside him, told its own tale plainly. « This is a very unfortunate matter," cried the sergeant, with well-feigned regret in his tone. " What is to be done, sir ?" «Done 1 why your duty, Sergeant Exley, of coarse," responded the captain, " Carrj the poor devil to the guard-tent, and put another man in his Btead. "I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Good night 1" Morning came with its rosy blush tinging the hill-tops and kissing the sleeping encamp ment into renewed life. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard-tent where his unfortunate victim lay slumbering off the fumes of intoxication. " Is this but the prelude to her dream ?" he muttered. "Gad, it would eeem bo. Here are the circle of hills around, bare and treeless overlooking the valley below. Yonder the Ohan Lake gleaming in the early sun like a burnished shield. What more? Shall the curtain rise to-day upon the first act of the dream ?—the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles? We shall see. Charles Stanton, it would have been well had thou or I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wilt see the cat ready. And now to snatch an hour's rest." He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of Sanfly was heard call ing for Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down the hill towards the tentoconpied hy Bob Cable. (.To be continued.) Never read by twilight, moonlight, or on cloudy days. Economical Cookery. One of the greatest troubles with young housekeepers is the meat. We are so apt to get too much, especially where the family is so small. One pound of steak, three or four for a stew and a four or five pound roast is a great plenty for a family of three. If the object is to get breakfast quickly, as it is with me, I try to have potatoes enough left from dinner tl^e day before to warm over for breakfast. Now there are warmed over potatoes and warmed over potatoes. I have seen those that it was a wonder to me how any one could, eat them. First slice them and put them into a frying pan with a good sized piece of butter, pepper salt and some good sweet milk. Place them over the fire and keep chopping and stirring with a knife, adding more milk occasionally. When they are very fine and the pieces adhere together they are cooked sufficiently. Some chop the potatoes first in a chopping bowl, but I do not like them as well that way. If you have fresh steak, either broil or fry. I suppose we who use soft coal may say we fry our steak now, after the able defense our sister gave us last week. If you have cold meat, either baked or broiled, a good way to warm it is to slice in thin slices, and fry quickly a delicate brown in butter. Or another way: cut the cold meat (any kind of fresh meat will do) into small mouthfuls, put in a stew | pan with water enough to cover, and let stew ten or fifteen minutes. Add a lump of butter, pepper and Bait. Make a thickening of a little flour rubbed smooth with water and thicken, taking care not to get it very thick. The various clubs of European moun taineers have bailt huts as places of refuge in the Alps, Pyrenees, and Carpathian moun tains, to the number of two hundred and sixty-seven in all. The highest is on the Matterhorn, over twelve thousand feet above the sea-level; the lowest, in Transylvania, about fifteen hundred feet. Of the entire number, two hundred and four are in the Alps. All- order of knighthood has been con ferred by the German Emperor upon Sir Joseph Lyster, the eminent British surgeon, whose anti-septic method of surgery has made his name known all over the world, 