MANUFACTURERS AND WORKING-MEN. TO TIIE EDITOR OR THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. Shy—Kindly permit me to say, in reply to vour correspondent "Victorian Native," that in New .South Wales lads can be found by tbe hundred whose parents could afford to teach them a trade, though in the teeth of bo much foreign competition it is questionable whether it would not be wiser to permit them to join in the general scram t>l» for "odd jotjs." There are undoubtedly extreme cases of parents whoso lot is so cast they cannot give their children trades. These children must necessarily rub along as they best can ; but, again, there arc mauy others who wonld wil lingly apprentice theui it they saw a favorable opportunity. To demonstrate what kind of a field there is now for the youth of the colony, ask tbe average parents it they have any difii- cullj in finding employment for their children aud wheu such has been found If the remunera tion Is much higher than could be obtained from a manufacturer. 1 know numbers of very estimable people who drag tbeir lads aboat week after week id the eudeavor to obtain work for them, and then at salaries usually averaging 5s. per week for the first six or oine tnouth9, 10s. or 12s. fid, when tney have put in 18 months or two years, and so on np to 85a. or £2 per week. Sometimes at ihe expira tion of four or five years a few who have ex tremely good fortune happja to icceire £4 or £5, these being very rare cases; and then, under stand, the knowledge acquired is of very little value should loss of occupation follow by not obtaining employment in tbe same line of business. " Victorian Native" tauntingly dabs me " Protectionist," " Manufacturer." The latter I am not, and have, unfortunately, not the ghost of a chance of ever becoming ; but the former I most certainly am, though I am an importer's employe. Questions remaining unanswered, such H9 mine in your issue of the 8tb inst., weld me to the cause which is now undoubtedly the minority's, hat which ere long, from Rheer force of necessity, must become the majority's. In the matter of payiog exorbitant prices for locally- rnannfactured articles, 1 beg to reiterate "good, healthy competition would keep the prices dowo," judgiug from such goods as have been already produced bere thanks to tbe in cidental protection afforded by specific duties. One thing I have overlooked, which is tho fact mentioned b/ "Victorian Native" of mauv a smart apprentice being able to do a man's work ere his time expires— in that case tbe term of apprenticeship should be legally shortened, Lnt what of those anDrentices who are not so quick and Intelligent ?— Yoors, Ac., February 11. NATIVE BOY. Tho steamer Lonsdale, which ran aground In Corio Bny (Vic.) with 800 excursionists aboard, got off early yesterday and eteamed safely into Geelong, noho the worse for tho mishap. 