£100 REWARD r OB, THE REGIMENTAL GHOST: Br aF Ei DrErTEo'vga Oitcr?. .. .PArL L I was sent for hurttetyr one evening to vieit the reqidence of Mr. Tl'aunton, the head of the eminent banking firm of Taoasoun Brona. and Elliott, of Lomoardretrear. The old gentleman was not altogether un kr.an'. to me, and he hd .the rep:r.v?o: ru t betai at the same time one of the most upright and yet one of the hardeet of moon. 01 this I soon had an opportunity of jud. ir.. I wasreceived in a nrchly furnishbed but pardibalarly gloomy apartment. :There did utt appear to be acomiortable corter or chair in ;t. The tall old gentleman asked me to be eeaed'close to the large table at which he was placed, and then he passed a slip 0l. lavender paper acro.e to me. What do you call that? he asked.. ' It appears to he a cheque for one'thonu sand pounds, signed by W. Spencer Taunton, I replied. It appears to be,' he repeatel. ' Then you de riot think it genuine? ' I do not. was my answer. 'The sign' tue may be all right, but the figarea in the lettrstnd corner and the boy of thedocn me.t seem to have been tampered with.' - 'You are rithI. Do you think; the work ae hbeeon killfully due?t r S1I do not,' I replied. In in the work of a novice, and therefore there can be little difficulty in finding the c tl,,rit. The fact is, my own nephew ie the guilty individual. and, sir, after what has paseed between as two he can no longer he forgiven. He must be found, laid by the lh^:s, and prosecuted.' I continued looking at the cheque, and the idea suddenly dawned uponl me moat the per petrator of this swindle was capable of doing much finer work. It appeared to: me that the alteration was intended to be palpable,. and that tome kind of mystery must be attached to the whole affair. a Will you kindly give me particularsr 1 asked. 'My nephew is a lieutenant in a cavalry -reciment now lying at IH-. After running through his.own money recklessly, he ap. pealed to me. I paid his debts and made him a... e . fmotrtale allowarlce.--eo seems to hbve S..'lsb'etability of character. A few dys agp, he . cao?,ie .ro me and conreassed that he was again Ieltaarrasesq. I received him in this room. S-".d 'he mie a clean breast of his enoricom itie. I gave him a severe lecture, but con cluded by writing him a cheque fora hundred pounds as my last unwilling contribution to hia extravagance. The unhappy youth han obliterated the word "hundred" by some chemical process and substituted "thousand." By adding a cipher to the numerals, the swindle he looked upon as being complete. I{i has not actually forged my name, but the crime is equally seriouse; and much as the tranusression and disgrace grieve me, I hall not swerve from my duty in handing him over for punishment to'the authorities.' ' May 1 ack if the money was Dpaid'? 'Fortunately it was. not. The chief officials-at the bank knew of min feelings -towards my nephew from:his past fast living; and it wass eOch a palpablealteration that it wasr detected at once.' Who presented the chene ! '. I;was paid in to the banking account of Captain Briscoe, of his own re.iment, and doubtless wans anded over in, payment of gambling debre. T'he money has not been colected, but the crime is none the less a crime. My people at the bank sent for the City police, and a private-clotnes officer went down to the quarters of the regiment but the culprit could not hbe found. L' prefer .a man ut wnomel know something, and a .1I have sent for you. What do you think of the case! I cannot sec yet, What kind of character doee Captain Hlriocne sortail, ?' 'Excellent! Irreproach-olte I' returned the old renrleman, with more earnestness than he had hitherto displayed. , Promisiong to do my best in the peculiar case, I asked if Mr. Taunton had any portrait of his nephew. He rang the bell, and a foot. man entering, he said : 'Go to your mistress and ask her for a por trait of Archi- Mr. Carriogton.' A peculiarly faint carte.de visits was brought me in a few minutes, . and I was conducted from the room by the solemn ser* vant. As I came out into the hall I caught a glimpse of one of the brightest-looking girls Sever saw in my life. She was just dia appearing within the threshold of a brilliantly. lit room opposite, the general aspect of which contrasted plsasantly with that I had just left, Upon reachbin the street door, the footman said in a low tone: SMy mistress desired me to ask you to wait a few mnomente,' Almost the next instant a refined.looking maid came from the room I had just noticed, and said: 'Would yoo kindly leave your private address? My miatressu earnestly desires to see Tou on very particular business, and asks if tonight would be convenient for a calL' SI had noticed that both servante had nued the words 'my mistress' rather pointedly, and began to suspect that the female part of Mr. Taunton's household had a different kind of interest in the unhappy Mr. Archibald Car. rington to that entertasred by that gentleman himself. I gave my card with my private address, saying : ' Bsiness will detain me at home gil this evenig ;' and as I spoke an unnoticed glance over my shoulder revealed the young lady I had seen before looking anxiously from the door of her room. This was not the simple matter it first appeared to be, I felt ceitasi now. I proceeded home at once and thought out the case before me. It did not take me long. considering the limited information I yet possessed, to come to a conclusion which proved pretty accurate in the end. I was, however, somewhat anxious for the promised interview, and rather disappointed as hour ifter hour pasee, and still no one appeared. About ten o'clock I thought about cuing our, but just then I remembered that in all pro. lability nine o'clock aould pass before dinner would be over in sueach a fashionable eastblisbment as that of Mr. Taunton's At half-past ten a cab drove up to the door. and two closely-veiled ladies rapidly alighted. They were about to knock, but I had been at the eitting.room window, and opened the door in time toadmit them quietly. Asking them to be seated, I waited silently for whatever they proposed submitting to The mald was the Brst to draw up her veil, and she proceeded very intelligently to state the case aI [already knew it; but being fully aware of te vsale of time to the young lady present as well as to myself. I said : 'Yon will pardon my seeming abruptness, but we may as well understand each other at once. I conclude that you consider Mr Archibald Carrington innocent of the crime with which he is charged. If yon wish me to elitf any service to you-and him-you must . confide in me completely. At the amer time I hops.? youi.ill understand that-I-do not .-cours'your confidencesb.' -•Ther ws :a pause, and at last the lady ·" ended it by suddnlyt raieing he veil and di. " apllaing.:a most beauztiful" fade. . Pbliclen are like othermen, as far as appreciation of : beauty:joe. Miss Tannton .was pale from " aexcntmen, and her slarge drk eyes fairly lowed from the same canse, and from a different buht equally unmistakable emotion. I will confide in you,' she said, decisiveply, P a liw bat wonderfully pleasant voice. 'My cousin is incapable of committing the crime of wrhich he has been accused.' She then, at considerable length, explained tt the saccused young officer was of a sunnyt ad genial dispodsition, that he had never Steen brought up to view life ins very serious way; and that If heplayeddeeplyad backed neihras tndlacreent, it was more from thoughtleasnee than innate exreavaeance and viciousness that he erred. 'In addition to this.' she proceeded, ' he has all alng been led to believethat he would be, in a omensc, the eir of hisuncle. my father.' Pardon me,' I interropted; 'Iknow that Mr. Taunton has ne sons, but I fail to under -stand how Mr. Carriugnton could expect to become his uncle'e heir while the latter had adaughter.' She bowed her fine head at this somewhat mide speech; bht it ws necessary for the sleds I had in view, and I could not snare her and do my duty. Her fine face was deeply flsshed when she raised her eyes to mine, and without another word I nundertood the secret clearly, which I had already half. lihrined. The fact is,' I continued, 'there existed, .ntil some of Mr. Csrrington' excesses were ilecovered, a kind of ftmily understandinc that he should uhlimately masrr you, Miss 8 le bowed. t Nor we come near the point which I muot have mails clasr if I am to prove this jlunt gentlemaure innocence-if he is inno cet. Do you know if he has any enemies!' SI know of none Hie nature is so open I ad sunny, that he can have formed no| demiee. 'Just so, I am pretty weilatsfied oln toat' point mydelt.-aut (r-egatr .let I am once more compelled to enter upon delicate ground. :'. I am sure you cannot feel offended at hmimtle oclat:ionquiriea, which remainun known to all the world but myself. Other gentlemen, have doubtless aspired to the nonour of an alliance with you, Miss Taun. ton ?' , Oh, yes,' she replied, almost hurriedly; 'hnt no one, I feel cernsin, who could descena to the terrihle crime of endeavouring to ruin a fellow creature for such a purpose.' 'Ah, Miss Tannton, you cannot know hutouu nature as I know it! But you can avoid the pain of a further pursuance of this aubject if you mention the names of some of your more favoured suitors.' ' And submit them to the surveillance of the police ? Never!' As you please;e Permit me to remind you that it is the liberty-perhaps the life-of an innocent man that is an stake. That man is yountg-your own cousin; and if I am not mistaken he has a deeper claim upen your e ffreciir s than mere relationship would entitle him t).' Manl Taunton hung her head again for a few eeoinde, and then raid, in a low voice: ' M father has for some time favoured the suit of Captain Briscoe, and he has been much at our house lately.' 'l'hank you,' I proceeded. 'And now when your father naked tor a portrait of Mr. Carrington, you sent me the oldest and least perfect. of all you had in your possession; you did nort ish me to arrest him. At :resent it appears to he my duty to arrest him; but we people recognise a higher duty thou arresting merely suspected persona. Our higheot and first duty is to clear the innocent and find out the guilty. If I am to he of.eervice to Mr. Carrington I must be able to find him. To find him easily I must' have a better likeness of him than this;' and I handed the carte to her. 'I truns in you unreservedly,' she said, as she drew a heavy cold necklet and locket from her neck. Touching a spring in the latter, it opened and displayea the ' counter tit likeness' of one of the brightest faces I ever saw. The expression was perfectly joyous, frank, and ingenaous. Being a beautiful work of art, I had the exact colour of the hair and of the eyes. The former was bright golden yellow, while the latter were of a strange lightb-hlue or grey hue that gave 'a peculiar appearance to. the whole man. It seemed, even itl the portrait, as if those joyous, rransparent eyes could be wonderfully weird under a change of mood, and this prepared me in some degree for the remarkable occurrences that followed. PAuT II. I was not surprised that Lieutenant Archi bald Carrington did not face his accusers. The harsh treatment received from his uncle led him to believe, no doubt, that he would find no favour there. It was, of course, very apparent to me that he weeas not only very boyish and.easy-going. in his way of living, hbut no yet blessed with any great strength of mind. Before entering the police. I had been in the army myself, and, as fortune would have it; on more than one-occasion my -regiment. and-thle regiment to which.-Mr,. Carrington belonged shared the same qurterirsu different garrison townse. Having been troop.tergeant. major of my old corpe, I had no difficulty in renewing old acquaiinceships with the .ergeanta' mesa at H-- . It is needless to say that I took no one into my confidence regarding my business or my new calling. I was 'engaged in a warehouse in the City, etjoying a very late holiday'-for October was far advanced, . There was ODly one opinion regarding poor Carriongon it the regiment. He was loved and pitied, but believed guilty-in the sense that he was supposed to have succumbed to a sudden temptation. The youner nofficers, who were his more immediate companions, declined to credit that he ever tampered with the ch. qie, because he was nothing of a pen. man, and had never been known to talk of the ingenuity of some people in connection with handwriting. I took up my quarters at the Wellington Inn, which was kept by an old companion in arms ; but a good deal of my time was spent in the billiardroom of the eergeante' mess In the barracks. One night we were visited by a closeness of atmosphere that would not have been out of place in July. In addition to being hot generally, it became sultry to an intolerable degree. At sunset I finished playing a game with a friend, and he was about to light the aas, when he was called away. ' The gas will only make the place hotter,' I remarked. 'Leave it until you return.' All right,' he cried, as he hurried out. I sat down on- the window seat, and was. soon neatly falling asleep. Presently, how. ever, I was aroused by voices beneath me, and I soon realised that the speakers had come to that spot because a quiet recess was created there by the demolition of a temporary shed. ' I think I've got sews of your governor,' the first speaker said. ' You don't say so .1 'I do. That's the reason I axed you out o' the canteen. Look here. Ill bet you say that's his handwriting:' and the speaker held out a letter to his companion. ' It is. I'd know it in athousand. The poor young fellow! Where can he be? .You haven't given it to the captain yet? ' No; but I know where Lieutenant Car. ringron is for all that.' ' You do?' ' I do. Can't you read the psetmark! ' Ah, of course ! Let's see. It's Kingston.' 'Kingston's not far from here. I'll bet he's written to the'guv'nor to meet him there.' 'If he has you'll let me know as soon as you can ?If I could only manage I'd try to.runw over an' see him, for he's beena good master: to me. SThe best master in the regiment,' returned Captain Briscoe's man. My devil is getting worse an' worse every day.' The speakers now slowly returned to the door of the canteen, and I clearly recognized the two men who had been pointed out to me as the servants of the suspected Carrington, and the gentleman to whom he had given the 'doctored- cheque.' I resolved to be present at the meeting of the gentlemen, it a meeting was what the letter proposed. Falling that, I should endeavour to find Mr. Carrington myself in his new retreat. I had just come to this conclusion, when a great volume of fire seemed to burnt out of the heart of the mass of leaden clouds hang. ing overhead. This was followed by such a heavy peal of thunder as I have seldom beard in England; and then, as the rain came pouring down in' torrents, I saw a dark figure steal from the very spot where the military servants had been standing and hurry towards the barrack gates Looking out, I beheld a deserted sentry.box, behind which a man coulid easily have concealed him. self. Who could the third person be! Was the City detective on the same track ? Nothing nore likely. He kuew nothing of Hise Tanton'e belief, ets., and would donbt less arrest the runaway offcer on tight. And then I began to ask myself if that was not my duty 'also. - The snore I pondered *the less easy I becamein my-mind. My duty olainly was'to arresttheman upon whose track I had been set. ' wa noteuappoeed to put myselt up in -the place .of the-judge who -should inevitably try him. It would be for the jury to say ' Guilty' or'.' Not uilty.'- And yeIa, after all, I could not get Miss Taunton's fie out of my mind, nor the pleading tones of her voice out of my ears. A fine officer I was becoming! Privatepolicemen are specially warned to be cautions of female influence. Under the infnluence of these considerations' I felt inclined to hunrry a once to Kingston and arrest the culprit. Then I almost resolved to return to London at ones and leave the whole-mntter in the hamdn,-of-the City officer. No, I would be 'done'by no rival, and so I concluded to follow my original plana. An hour elapsed before the thuanderstorm puled away. and, during the whole of the time, the lightning flashed and the thunder rolled in a manner that was truly appallion. The rain came down incessantly, and at times perpendicular layers or sheets of opaque water came aweepingacrcos the barrack-yard. The wind began to howl in seeming elsea. tion of the artillery of the heavens, and alto. gether the night was such a stormy one that I felt satisfied no one weald endeavour to go to Kingston that night. Next morning the gale was eomewhat abated, but the rain still came down with a regularity that rendered speedy cessation hopeless. The barrack.ard was washed rerfectly bare; she streets were equally clean, but the eewer and the guntters were flooded, and the river was not only overflowing its banks, but roushing with fearfol rapiditsy sea. wards, bearing upon its clay-coloured sunrface all kinds of wreckage, from carcsee of hullocks down to cats and dogs, and from the framework of humble houses to nnmberlees fragments of all kinds of timber and wicker. work. I spent the most of the morning with the sergearnt in charge of the canteen, bat nothing of interest to me eocurred until noon. when I was thinkingofapproaching Captain Briscue's servant in some more direct manner.• Just Le ? '." dawe in with ?r. Car?wgtou's mt,U. andsaid * Juetas I thought! Thebov'nor's ordered his docsartfor half-past three. He says he's going if it thunders and lightens as it did last night.' ' To the same place that we thought abonn? ' Yes, the same.' 'Are you going with him " ' No ; he always takes his groom for esuch distances ' ' I wish I could change with Bill.' ' No chance. The governor's temper is unbearithle. He smash., his clock this morning because he forgot to wind it up last night.' Idid not wait for more. ' My' friend the landlord of the Wellington had a nice trap and a smart cob, so I went and arranged to have them out that afternoon. I started about a quarter.past three, and went leisurely along toe road, -notwithstand. ing the wet. I never travel far without my waterproofs, so I was quire comfortable, when I teard wheels in my rear. I kept jogging on. and presently glanced behind, to find a tall dogcart, drawn by a fine horse, coming speedily along. Behind this high stepper sat a tall, dark gentleman, who held she reins in the most approved manner. I was anxious to hear whatever might be raid, and was rather pleased to find that Captain Briscoe was in the habit of speaking as if he was at the head of his troop in the heat of an engagement. Ae the dogcart crept steadily along, I heard him esy to his groom : . We will pull up at the Bowling Green Inn. You will leap down and order a glass of brandy and water for me, and when you have brought it, you will stroll into the' Green.' As the dogcart passed me at this point the captain paused. Immediately he drew ahead he resumed : 'You will find an unused skittle alley at the end of the Green. Toe youngster was to wait for me there, hat circumstances might prevent his coming or staying. Should you find him there, come back at once and let me know I could hear no more, but I had heard enough. As Iincreased my speed, I began to think how I should get ahead of the captain now. He would never permit, anything to pase him on the road which 'he had once peased. so allI could do was to keep up fair speed and trust once more to what is com. monly called 'the chapter of accidents'-aa if anything ever happened that had not a purpose I I' was agreeably surprised at the end of about three miles to find the captain draw up in front of a roadside inn. Since his horse did not want water, it was evident that the captain himself required brandy. I took advantage of the delay to pass, and, once out of sight, put my cob to his bess speed, and this I kept up until I. reached the Bowling Green Inn, where I decided to stay, and. after very little trouble, I succeeded in getting into-a fine open space between the fence and the wall of the thatched skittle alley, and immediately beneath an open window,, in throaug which I could climb with thegreatest ease were it necessary for me to intrude upon the gentidmen. - - - "'resently I bheard the step of someone sound upon the wooden skittle alley. It was no doubt the man whom I was engaged to capture, and let I could not move until I had heard something of what occurred between him and this peculiarly saturnine caprain. This delay caused me one of the greatest surprises of my whole career, and I very much doubt if ever another officer was so much astounded in the same way. A'trr a brief delay a second person was heard. This was the groom. 'Glad to see you well, sir,' said the latter. 'Captain Briscoe is outside, and will be here immediately.' 'All right, William,' returned the fugitive, in a voice that seemed as interesting and unusual as his cousins. ' Drink my health, there's a good fellow, and tell Briscoe not to delay.' I heard the man depart and presently a heavier, more retular tread was heard upon the gravel. Then the rickety alley literally creaked under the heavy footsteps. *Ab, Carrington, how are youn drawled the newcomer. ' Can I do anything for you ? 'Can you ask ?' cried the other, iso a broken voice. 'You, and you alone can clear my name and honour of the foulest, most un. natural, and meanest of crimes. Surely you can tell where that, accursed piece of.paper was from the time when I handed it to you on Sunday morning and the hour you: paid it into the bank? ' I scarcely see the object of your inquiry,' said Captain Briecoe. * The cheque lay in my pocket~hook all the time.' 'Impossible I'- cried. Carringto, almost fiercely. 'You know the cheque Igave you was simply for one hundred pounds. Some one must have tampered with it, since you are incapable of such an act yourself.' Pardon me, I cannot see the object of such a statement. The cheque you gave re was for one thousand pounds, and by its payment you took up an IO 0 of the same amount. Don't you see, if "some one," as you sayr. had tampered with the cheque while it was in my possession that I would not be likely to pay in a slip of paper I thought worth only one hundred pounds for ten times the amounalt 'Richard Brisnse. I was told by a dozen fellows to avoid you as I would avoid the devil. I see it alL I am your dope-your victim-and too late I know the stake for which you have so boldly, so villainously played. Cowardly scoundrel, . hypocrite, forger, andliar, beaven.bill ret avenge me '. . I was preparing to' leap in and prevent a serious encounter, when I was amazed by hearing a strange voice say :.. . " No use using any violence young sir. The' case is clear enough, and I arrest you in the Queen's name.' I hesitated no longer, but of course was too late. I found Carrington in custody of Inspector Hamer, of the City, who shouted out: 'I score 'his time, Lockhart " The prisoner was deathly pale, and his light coloured eyes had now the strange;' weird ex pression in them I have spoken of before. Still, his face was a much more plesaant one than that of Captain Briscoe, who stood in the small door scowling, and grimly triumphant. I thought then, as I think now, that any student of human nature would have judged the captain the guilty party, and the yellow. haired, borisk.lookin' prisoner as Innocent of the crime uas a child in arms. I felt very bitter about my defeat, but nevertheless determined toaccompany Hamer and the prisoner to London. When we reached London Bridge the storm had increased in violence again the river was flooded, filling the cellars of low.lying hoses- in South London, and, high water just being past, we could see that the tide was running out with terrible fores. The prisoner was not handcuffed, for he was the gentlest of men. Upon being arrested he said be was glad the suspense was over; that he was innocent, and that be was sueare Heaven would prove it in its own time and way. Thoeirion wa'shbining fitfollr'trough the heavy mssea of careering, inky clouds when the cab reasohbed-ILondon Bridge. Hamer iould peresit inmy acompanying himto the police station to shahe-in the reepondibility of the arrest, and after .a rlttle' oonsideralion:I thought it'would'be wisest "for-t? :?o'd0 to He was jIhst telling mine how be came to know of the meeting place at the Bowling Green Inn. It seems he had watched and avoided me since I had gone down to H-. He had the shrvanta of 'Briesce and ?airritiiton poinfed out to him, and followed them cloeely about. He was in the canteen with ' frirnd ' when he heard the eaptain's man' whienre to-r·e ether ts o rotnd -o the baodf-te building. He bad done so, and having hi idden, as I supposed, behind the setryax., he hhadl over. heard all I had heard from, the billlrdroom window. Next morning, on 8oelng Captain Briseoe enter the smeset e boldly went to his quarters, and, finding his servat in the sittingroom, asked him to go for his master, He told him not to hurry, as he had plenty of time. gave him a shilling fur a big drink, and in 'hisabsnee be found Carrington's letter. naming the skittle alley as the place of appointment and the time as five o'clock, or about that time-information which I luckily got on the road from the easptain'a own mouth. Hamer was just tellipg me that he didn't wait for Briscoe's return, or for the return of the servant, when there came a terrible crash and a most startling ahoe'k 'rhe cab had collided with a heavily-laden omibhus. Our off forewheel had come off, and our hors was strauggling ameong the feet of the other two. Then came the moot tragic occurrence right under the eyes of over a tcore of people. Carrington was the firt to disengage himself from the wreck of the four-wheeler, and I quickly followed, half.stunned. Imagine my horror and amazement when I saw him rapidly and deliberately cross the pavemeant leap upon the parapet from one of the seats of the recess, and then plunge head foremost into the swollen and rapidly. running river I The peasenger on the'Sd' sbrieked; -I ran to look over the bride, but justnstell toe moon wos obscuerd. WuC,, i came out again there was no sign 'of the un hapop man., and those who knew the nature of the water best, said that if. he escaped being crushed against the barges moored lust below, he would never be able to keep afloat farther down. PART IlL A di.8fgnred body of a young gentleman was found a few days afterward ; but Mine Taunton, who had heard the terrible story, was too ill to take any menensures towarde recognition. A senior clerk from the bank was sent; but, asthougn he believed he saw the remains of yoag Carrington, the whole thing was considered unsatirfactory. Never. thelees, he was buried as the culprit, and death satisfied the law. - Six months paseed, and I was once more surprised to receive a summons frem Mr. Taunton. He was evidently near his. end.. and it would be impossible to affirm that he was in his right mind. He was seated.as I fonod.him before, buothis stont framehad be come gaunt and thin, his gray locks straggling and white, his pale skin shrunken and parch. ment looking. 'I have given orders to have thousands of hills printed and distributed, offering one hmdred pounds retcard for the apprehension of m1 nephew. Archlbard Carrington.' SBut he is dead, air, and the law is satis. fled. But I am not,' the old man said. 'I re tain you once more to find him. You will find money. enough there for your expenses for six months ,' and he handed mea cheque. SI have written to the Commissioner for per mission to retain ton for the length of time named. I have asked him also to permit you to claim the reward of one hundred pounds; for that yen will find him I am certain-yeas. as certain as that we both sit here.' Of course I reported all this to head quarters, and was instructed to act in no way, as doubtless the old gentleman had been driven insane by the tragic end of his nephew. The search was fated not to end here, however. Most people, no doubt, remember some paragraphs that went the round of the papers about the time of which I am speak. ing. They were usually headed 'Tu? Rrosewo TAL GoaT,' and spoke of some young officer who, haing died tragically, was in ths habit of visiting his old Comrades in'the formi of a spirit. HBe was sometimes. cen gazling sadly inat the mess-room window; at others slowly descending the staircase of the quarters he once occupied himself. in H--; and several times he was beheld out in the moon light in the barrack-yard. At last a new phase came over the story. The regimens was removed to Aldershot, and on the third night of their stay theapparition gazed in at the window of the mess.hut in the North Camp. Hie former comrades saw his sad, pale.blue eyes and waving yellow hair very distinctly, and the matter had a great effect upon alL One officer, however, Captain B-, who sat right opposite the window, was so excited that he had an epi. leptic fit, and was now seriously ill. Miss Taunton, the ghost-of her former, radiant self,'visited me: that night, and drew my attention again to these paragraphs,, ending-with the assurance of her belief that her cousin was still alive, and that itwas he himself who was haunting his old regi meut. I then told her all that occurred between Mr. Carrington and Captain Briscoe in the skittle alley of the Kingston inn. 'I know my cousin is Innocent,' cried the young lady. 'Captain Briscoe thought to re move a rival for my hand, but the supposed death of my cousin gave me an excuse for not seeing him again.' I took up the cae once more. I went down to Aldershot and found that Brilcoe's papers had been sent in. The 'chost' was attributed to he the canue of his resignation. I followed him to town that night, and saw him enter a gambling hell near Piccadilly, the owner of which had been 'An Expertin Handwriting"' once connected with one of our metropolitan police courts. He had, however, gone to prison fora serious offence, and had lived on gambling ever since his release. Captain Briscoe opened the private door with a po.ae-rey. He and De Morlienville were friends-perhaps partners. My ideas were rapidly formed and acted upon. I rang and asked for the proprieter. At soon as I was seated I said: 'I am a police officer, and if you desire leniency of treatment, you will make a clean breast of whatryo know of the cheque that was altered here in last October.' The fellow began to bluster, bot I slowly brew my 'bracelets' from my pocket, saying: 'We know you are not the principal in the case, and therefore gave you the opportunity of explaining.' ' Will you admit me to Queen's evidence, and I will tell all?' cried the scoundrel, cringing immediately before my random shots. 'I promise you nothing,' I returned, coldly. 'If you are not the principal, however, you have not maoh to fear.' That gave him confidence. se 'made a clean breast of it. Briscoe bribed him. to alter the cheque, assuring him that the offence would not be serious, since he never intended to draw the money. I called the policeman on the beat, who sent me his sergeant. We entered the chief saloon, where dcrt-e and baccarat were going on. Approaching Captain Briscoe I said that Ishould liketo speaktohim inthe next room. Heroes with a look of proud anger on his flushed face, but that immediately changed to' fear, apprehension, ' and horror,i and hoarsely shooting, ' Again-again' I' fell to the floor, writhing in' agony, as foam,' tinged plentifully with blood, issued from under his large4black moustache. .Turninir", saw, .'bt.the aipparition of, Archibald Carrington,- bit, Archibald' Car. rinoton himself-pale, thin, emaciated, and melancholy- looking. He had survived the leap into the river, having hung on to a mooring.buoy until a waterman,- passing, observed and drew him into his boat. Ie had memory enough to get into a cab after rewarding the good man, and, driving totbe bachelor chambers of a retired fellow-officer,. he was hItartily welcomed and carefully nursed through a long illness. It was this friend's idea to haunt Briscoe like a ghost, and theplan undoubhtedly served ice purpoae. I took him to Miss Taunton's that night with Captain Edwardee. hii friend. Captain BrisncM remained under police care at St George's Hospital for four days. when he recovered' consciousnes sufficiently long to confess his guilt and the mercenary object he had in view in getting Carrington out of the way. A broken constitution then suc. cumbed. and further notoriety was avoided. Miss Taunton and Carrington were soon quiesry married, and as he. assumed her name when they returned from a long tour on the Continent, all the evil past was for. gotten. I was permitted to accept the hundred pounds reward, and I am etill known in some circles as the fellow who laid 'The Regimental Ghost. 