The True Story of Jim. We bad laid ap that night on the Platte River. Mr. Colby, the Sheriff, o! Arapahe County, had come down to Ghuff'a ranch in search of jurors, and, soeiDg a party oI Eastern tourists oamped near by, had -walked over to make our acquaintance. Hβ was so freeh and breezy and withal, bo gonial and gentlemanly, he had auoh an air of being master of the situation and himself that wo were all of us glad when he accoptsd our oommieeary'e invitation to remain and sup with ne. After tea we gaily aesembled around the roaring camp fire, and for awhile wit ana laughter winged the happy time. But, as the twilight deepened, the guety talk blew over, eilenoo fell upon Uβ with tho night. Oar shepherd, for once unmindful of the tender lambs he had led forth into the wilderness, wbb Bented astride a waggon tongue, pensively greasing his boots. Tho commissary bad folded the map of Colorado, and, dumb aa a door nail, had slid himself down from the bumpy log, on which he had been for some time c reetleas auflerer. Even Philomel, the eoul and genius of our party, had, for a Bea con, turned the hoy upon wit and eong. Gracefully throned on her band-trunk, she watched, in silence, the bright and happy sparko that danced a carmagnole as they rose, light-footed, from tho orange fJames. All was quiet upon the Platte; the tongues of the wacgona were not more silent than ours. The Sheriff o* Araphoo wa? the first to break the spell. " I started in to tell you," Lβ said, " tha trne story of Jim while we were at cupper, but I struck a snag in the shape of a flapjack and didn't get on with it." " It's not too late for it yet," said the oom raUsary. "Well," continued Mr. Colby, "twenty yearn ago I was stopping at Hord-up. Cal., trying to dig my fortune out of a mine there. In the town was a one-horse lawyer named SmitbiJohnflon, who was about the biggest cot in all tha difjgin'e round. And Smith bad a eon named Jim—a red-haired, freckled' IMB little 10-year old scamp who was the terror of all the hen roosts and gardene in the town. Tho way I won Jim's heart waa thia. I bad a water-melon patch that was, if you'll forgive the figure, the npple of my eye. One erening I walked forth into my garden to view it, and what ehotsld I fed in the middle o! it but thac etoetic3, Jim, letting hjto one of toy water aslotu ?# Unity iv o mole. Cp 2 oawa :a the rear and gathered up Jim by the waist-band, tthmit, finding hie little game was blooSid, he coromineed to wlggl* end bowl, " 4 Let mc go, , eaid he. ' I won* oome iere : no more. Please let mc go, Mr. Colby.' ; "' Ob, you young scamp,' said I. 'I've got yon now and I think I'll keep you. I find it's very eafo to punish these bsd hoys that mc so ready to bo good when they're caught. Do you know what I'm going to do wi'Ji you?' said I, giving him a final shake and eetting him up on his pine. ' I'm going to send you to jail.' " 'Oh, please, Mr. Colby, glveme a whippin' an'let mc go.' "'No, I haven't any right to whip yon, hut I'm obliged by the law to send yon to jail, and I osn tell you a jail is an awful place. There's rats there I' " ' Oh-0, , groaned Jim. " ? And sometimes in the' night they gnaw off your toes. , "' Please, Mr. Colby,' whined Jim. " ' And yonr nose,' said I, ' and you have to go to bed without any candle, and you, can't play poker, and they do say that the ghosts of the people that were there before and got hung for stealing watermelons oomo back at midnight and make a dreadful noise. Oh, I can tell you, it's no fun to go to jail.' " Well I after I had chaffed the little eoamp long enough, I gave him b sermon on the moral law and let him go with nothing woree; than fright, but, after that, strange to say, Jim nndl were cheek by jowl. " Soroe tim-2 after the vatermslon fracas," continued Mr. Colby, " I was goiag up the guloh to Scooptawn when I saw. on the side' of the hill, the traoks ot the Violence Com mittee. They were three rood agents that had been tried end hung the day before and left suepended from thn branch o! a tree to strike terror into the heart of evil doers. Well, there was a mob of boys round this monument of jnatiee, and they were divert ing themeelvee with running clown the hill and swinging'tho luckless roai agents to tha breeze. Jim was just receiving the cheers of the crowd for sending hie man up to the branches, where he had lotlgsd a minute be fore he came down, when he opied mo in tho road and came to meet mc. ' ? "' Yer sec, Mr. Oolby, , he began, in s rather deprecatory yoica, 'I didn't see no nee in them three thieves loai'in' on that branch without being any use to themselves nor no body else, so I just sot them up in business. : And now I've come flown to aak whether you've aaw an old whisky barrel on legs about here. , " "' A whisky barrel ?'" said I. 'Why, no, Jim. What do you mean ?"' .??:.,,. " ? Oh, I mean the old 'un, of oourne. He's ? gettin , most uncommon bad lately.' "Jim, , said I, 'did you never hear about honoring your father?' '"Honor that old sardine 1 He! he.l Beally an , actually now that's a good 'un. You'd have sommereetted onto , yer skin to ? have seen that old coon last night. I come home, goin' en to 11, when be heered some thin' rattlin 'round, an' he ria up,and when he seed mc, one leg out and one leg in, he says, says he, ?Jim, whar've you been ?' an , I says, mays I, 'I've been down to the Silver Tooth.' " 'Then, , saya he, ? an* what waa you doin , thar?' "? I was pleyin' , a little game ol poker, , eaidl. '"Did you make anything Jim?' eaye he. ? " ' Yea, air, , eaya I. ?1 won three pounds. , : Then there come a big thaw in hie voice, an , he says, eaye he, (meltin' like), 'Jamea Madison, my son, take that thar jug that's at : the head of this bed and step right roand to old Shorty's and git mo a gallon of fuat-olasa, benzine, , says he. "' Bat I lost it all ag!n, father, , says I. " Well, sir, ho rare! up in bid, an' eaye he, "You little soamp, ef I catch you round to the Silver Tooth agin I'll take tho hide an , - hair ofi yer. Hain't you got nothin' batter to do than to spend your poor old father's last red a-gamblin' an , disgraoin''of yer family? , says he, bustin' out crying'like as.though he'd jest buried hie demijohn. Ac this point in his narrative Mr. Colby, paused. "The sequel!" cried Philomel. " Lat's hear how Jim wound up. "I left Hard-up," renamed Mr. Colby, " about two years after I first-met Jim. Three years Inter I happened to be in Virginia City, and one day woilo there, as I was coming out of the barber's shop, who should walk up but Jim hiroeelf.' Why, Jim, , said I, < wbera'd you coma from? and whexe'd'you Ret all thoso Rood clothes?' " ' Them olofches,' said Jim, 'why I did a merchant tailor out o' them clothes, I charged 'em to tho old , man. That's a good un, ain't it ? I wouldn't have done it, though, if I hadn't come out as a reformed individual, and it was positively neoessary to get some re formed toggery. , " How did you got reformed, Jim ?' said I "Well, yon see, Mr. Oolby, father and I come over here abont two yoars ago, and as Boonaal oome I took hold of a lot of boys here who didn't bavo nobody to teach 'em to be as bad as they wanted to be, an' I thought it waa a pity to see so muob talent going to waste, so I organised 'em into a gang of theives. Well, eir, I oan tell yqn wo did a pretty lively bttsiness, bnt one Sunday Bishop Tattle was runnin' the'Pisoopal outfit in that meetin' bouse over there, and I jist thought I'd go in. Now I couldn't tell .yer, to cave my skin, what be said to the crowd. (Beloved brethren he called 'em), bnt, by jing, when I oome out I just set down on a dry goods box and I begun to turn thinge;ovei in my mind, an'l says to myself: ' The way yon are goin , on, Jim, you'll be in the penitentiary before yon're a man; you'll just have to turn in an' ' reform.' So I went an' got these here clothes an'now I'm printing for my livin , in the En terprise office. Do you think, Mr. Colby, it a. boy like mc tamed square 'round be could de anygooa?" ?" Jim,' I eaid, ? a fcoy like yon oan do - he pleases.' Well, I talked to him a long while, end when we parted the miet that bad been gathering in his eyes fell down in rain. I have never seen Jim since, but last winter I read in a Nevada paper that the Hon. James- Madison Johnson had been elected Speaker ot " theHou?O of. Representatives. A Mere Accident.—ln searching for. gold in the mining roglonn, men sometimes . hunt months and months before they find gold in any quantity. They find jiist enough to make them hope that next day, or week, ' or month, they will find enough to make them wealthy. Often it ia the merest bool dent that makes the gold visible. One of the Western papers gives an aoooont of the way ! in wbioh the proprietor discovered the gold where the mining camp Esmeralda is now looated. The vein ia what the miners call " a blind ledge;" that ia, there ia nothing on on the surface of the ground to lead one to think that gold was beneath the surface. One day the prospector saw a macs of decomposed quartz mingled with some dirt tbat had beea Boratohod out by ground-squirrels whon dig ging holes in the side o£ tho hill. He ex amined the quartz carefully, and deoided to - follow the holes dug by the aqurrel. Ha found the vein, and now a rioh mining camp - is looated where the eqnirrols dug tho holes showing the way. to the gold. Her Social Position.—The Koraan woman is thought to have received much training, in .tha first two centuries, through the great number of secret, societies exieting. The burial inscriptions show that she bora an impoTtirat part ia these, and even held ?See h'fomoM th* nmnioipalities; Her V rattiul? chatties at t2si£ itae, "iacrrerer, did not stand very high, if we rosy trust tho his tor iarj? and satiriats. 