THE MAGAZINES FOR DECEMBER SECOND NOTICE. The Nineteenth Century does not contain any article of first-rate importance. Mr. Justice Stephen, whose literary activity just now is portentous, writes" On the Suppression of Boycotting." He starts with the pos- tulate that all law implies force as its sanction, and proceeds to the corollary that law ought to be in exclu- sive possession of force. This in a sense is true, yet may convey a fallacy, for " force " is an indefinite word, and would include anything from a bludgeon to a sneer. He is, probably, right in saying that a law can be framed to deal with Boycotting; but his own suggested draft would certainly bring the dames of the Primrose League within its mischief. Mrs. Fellows argues that " Nova Scotia's cry for Home Rule " is a genuine one and due to the protective system of Canada. " The Classes, the Masses, and the Glasses " is a title which explains itself. Indeed, Sir Wilfrid Law- son's contention might be put like a charade: My wicked first prevents my virtuous second from avoiding my poisonous third. Mr. Robb, ex-Stali-Senator, tells the story of "Buying Niagara," in order to save the natural beauties of the scene-a measure which he justly characterises as a remarkable " instance of the power of mere sentiment among men." In " A Suspended Conflict " the Rev. Guiness Rogers warns churchmen that the Liberationists are as active and determined as ever, and not less hopeful, " A Thought Reader's Experiences " by Mr. Stuart Cumberland, is a most interesting paper. The writer is no charlatan, and does not profess to read thoughts otherwise than by physical indications. The unconscious conveying of thoughts by the muscles seems to be a pretty constant phenomenon, and the only difficulty is when the " subject" is unable to con- centrate his thoughts. Here Mr. Cumberland's ex- periences are noteworthy. His best subjects have been statesmen, diplomatists, literary men, and mathematicians. Lawyers are "too much inclined to stop in the middle of an experiment for the purpose of arguing the question." Physicians, too, stop " to test the theory." Musicians are " practically hopeless ;" an eminent musician cannot be made to concentrate his thoughts on anything outside music. Among the other articles "A Flying Visit to the United States," by Lord Brassey, will be found to repay interest. The Fortnightly Review has several articles which deserve some notice. The Rev. G. S. Reany in " Out- cast London" tells a really terrible tale, and his warning is most emphatic : - "Socialism, physical force Socialism, is amongst us. The red cap of continental revolutionary thought is pass- ing along like a spectre of scenes not a century old. The ' Cockney lrish;' passionate and alien in sympathies, with lurid imagination and desperate aims, are becoming the leaders of discontented Englishmen. The old faith in 'masters' is gone from the workshop; the old half religious belief in the peer and the prince is under our feet; a deep, half-confessed sense of the injustice of life is be- coming the living creed of men who curse the God of the churches and the rich. Ask these men what they want. The answer is an unintelligible curse. Win your way to their hearts, and you will find that the better most of them mingle tears with their oaths." Professor Huxley, in an article called " Science and Morals," replied to a recent article by Mr. Lilly. The paper, is a fine and clearly expressed essay on the limits of science. Every naturalist and anthropologist should read Mr. Grant Allen's " American Jottings." These three are the best articles in the review, but there are others which will be read with some interest. Colonel Knollys contributes a rather cold-blooded paper on the best way of dealing with " Mobs and Revolutions " by a military force. Mr. Hoffer's account of " The Chess masters of To-day " is quite admirable in the truthful- ness of its characterisation. And, again, few will pass over Mr. Burnand's "History of Punch." " Ten Years of National Growth," by Mr. Mulhall, in the Contemporary will dispel many fancies and many misgiviugs. Mr. Mulhall shovys that in the last ton years the death-rate «f the United Kingdom lias fallen notably ; that pauperi-m. has dooroascd 33 por cent, crime 86 par «ne, and (.ho consumption of liquor 24 per cent. ; that tho number of school childrou has rison from 8 to 12 per conk ; that food has become cheaper ; that British shipping has increasod by 10 millions of tons in carrying power ; that if prices had remained stationary our trade would havo repre- sented an increase of 20 por cont. ; that th.6 stvving in imports has been 84 millions in excess of tho loss on oxports; and, lastly, that the increase of wealth has avoraged 180 .millions yearly. " Christianity as tho Absoluto Religion," by Canon Westcott; "Tenant Bights in Franco," by Mr. B. E. Piothero; and "Goethe and Philosophy," by,Professor Caird, aro somowhat "stiff" reading ; but everybody will enjoy Mr. Clark Russoll's delightful gossip about "Soa Phrasos." " The Army " is an unsigned article, which urgos tho necessity of moro training for actual war. Macmillan is full of refined culturo and rofiuod humour. Tho now editor has given a distinct stylo to this magazino which is altogether charmiug. " My Ghost," by Mr. Julian Sturgis, may bo specially com- mended. It is os i funny a» a farce, and yot fioo from the slightest taint of vnlgarity. Tho paper on " Eng- lish Litoratjure at tho Univeraitios " opens mildly and peacoably, but is really a niora bitter, bocauso lo3S floreo attack on Professor Gosso, than tho famous Quarterly article., "Lifo in tho Alleghany " is & most amusing sketch of Amorican frontier life. In Templo Bar Mrs. Lynn Linton'» "Paston, Carew " aud Mr. Norris's " Bachelor's Blunder " como to an end. Tho former has boen a disappointment, Mrs. Lynn Linton ihad a fino subject and thought out hor plot with some ability, but sho has fuiled in hor characters, which aro vague and Bkotchy. On tho other hand, tho " Bacholor's Blundor '' will add greatly to Mr. Norris's reputation. Ho has takou his motif, probably unconsciously, from tho Dr. and Mia. Strong opjBode in " David Copporiiold ;" but his treat- ment has boon original, and his charaotcrisation piquant and tolling without too much analysis. "-Tho lato Master of Trinity" is nu o-ool lont sketch. " Tho Boss of Barangaroo " isa n Aus- tralian story which is at once picturesque and pathetic. Cliayibcrs's Journal is IIB usual full of readable shoit papers ou all kinds or out-of^tho way subjects, and tho fiction is also good. In Oassell's Magasine two new sorials aro bogun, " Life's Fitful Fever,," by Arabolla Hopkinson, and " A Stop in tho Darli," by Kato Eyre, Tho articlos on dross, on gardening, on cooitcry, and on domostic art make this raaga-Luo always acceptable in tho family. 2Vic Season is a full and caroftil summary of tho latest Paris fashions in latlios' dress. THE SECRET OF THE SOASE MUSEUM. Tho cupboard in Sir John Souuo's musoum, as to whioh a considerable amount of intorost has been shown, was oponod on November 29 in the presenco of tho trustees. It was found to enolose a neBt of lo drawers, to tho outside of which was affixed a memorandum, of which tho following is a copy, signed by tho executrix of Sir John Soane's will, Sir Francis Chantrey, and two other trustees of tho museum, mid the then curator" :-" Doccinbor 6, 1S37. Pursuant to Dr. Lushington's opinion, this repository- was opened by tho oxooutrix, iii ' tho prcBonce of throe trustees, to ascertain if thoie woro money, notes, or valuables to require fui thor probato duty ;,an_, after merely looking at tho papers, 4.-C., for that Durposo, thoy woro all returned without further ex- amination, retaining for uso somo articles of stationery." A careful examination is now being mado of tho contents of lhe drawers, vliioh appear, howevor, at first sight, to con- tain nothing of imblie interest, but only documents rolating to various building- willi which Sir Jqlin Soiino . was pro lossionnUy conuoeted, and to a well- known family dispute. -E/tgUsh paprr. , Visitors to tho Louvre of late havo nofcicad a ronmrluiblo JitUo, marble statue labelled "A Young Athenian Girl." i A story of .its discovery aud acquisition, i list diucliKud by tho Tempi, forms a. curious pago in tho history of, antiquities. A peasant of Patissia, whilo digging in tlio fields, suddenly cunio across an old statuo. Knowing that tho Greek law forbids tho exporta- tion of tho atiolont objects of art found in tho country, and that foreign amuteurs uro always ready to pay a high prico for them, lip at once took it homo aud hid it under a heap of fagots. He thou went to the French Ambassador, who was well known lot; his love of sueji reliep, and offered it to him for 12,000' frnnos. Tho Ambassador repaired Boerotly to the peasant's dwelling to examino it, mid found it wus a batta hilo «cm of tho fourth century. Ho telegraphed the discovery to tho French Minister of Fine Aita, who authorised him to con- clude tho bargain. ' But there was a BorioiiB dilllculty to overcome, and that was, to got it out of tho country without being dotofted hythe» Customs nuthoiities. After some i oflautiun," tlie Ambassador Instructed the peasant how to Bet to work. Ho vi;as to ludo tho . statute in n eui (load uf vegetables, drivo ' down to n eieck on tho seashore, where ho would find n hunt from' (ho French sloop stationed at tho I'liums wait- ing t'' uceivo him. The job was performed successfully. The statue in tho midst ol' tho vegetables was -hipped on the bout, nnd tho 12,000 frnnos were handed to the pensant by the captain us hit loft tho .shore. On' the arrival of Um statuo in Purjs it was plucQd iiiftho Louvre, not far fiom tho famous Venus of Milo, whilo ils discoverer, the poor Greek- poasnnt, is now loadinfr (Ile life of a small trcntlomtm farmer on tho proceed-, , 