THE CRADQCK GHOST SGARE. fBv TTrpiTTTAiiT Evans. 1 For more than a month tiie north has been in a disturbed condition on account of a wonderful ghost story which has been freely circulated! through most of the newspapers in the colony, I have been informed that upon tiie approach of Sissy Schultz wonderful raps— sometimes as though a Bledge-hammer had struck the wall —were heard, electric shocks felt, and on ona occasion an apparition was seen oy cne cuuu. These stories spread about in the neighborhoodf and lost nothing in the telling. The good) people of Cradock and Blackrock imagined tha devil or some accredited representative was in their midst. 1 heard a gravely told descriptionr of the spirit of the girl's mother communicating; that the child must be allowed two sticks of toffy per day. On Wednesday morn iBg, June 1, my interest in psychical research! caused me to leave Adelaide for Blackrock. Arriving there late in the afternoon I made my way at once to the 'disturbed home,' and] received a kindly reception from Mr. Rode ghiere, who said that Mr. J. A. Jones, tha resident schoolmaster, would take care of me, I was pleasantry surprised on approaching, the Bchoolhouse to meet a gentleman well known as a student of psychical subjects, and! with some experience of cases of this kind., If I had wanted any assistance a better manr could scarcely have been found. He said hs bad been experimenting with the child, and! although he had not come to a decision he saw nothing to warrant the supposition that tha girl was possessed of Bup&rnataral; powers. Armed with a small tin of flour, some black lead, string, an electria magnet, a bottle of strong ammonia, a ther mometer, &c;, &c;, we again made our way over to the store. It was getting late, and a large number of visitors were waiting to obtain a glimpse of the child, or for an opportunity of looking into the matter themselves. Some had! ; travelled very long distances, but we decided it wonld be unwise to admit any, with two ex ceptions—the Rev, Mr. Hancock, of Port Augusta, and Mr. A. Heally, of Blackrock. We saw Sissy, a plain-looking child of nina years buttallfor her age, at times full of Ufa and activity, bold and fearless, simple ia manner, but -upon entering into conversation with her she showed remarkable cunning, sug gestive of 'I know you ; you are laughing i» your sleeves;' a remark which, by the-way, we once heard her make. After a few preliminary preparations we entered the child's bedroom at tha back of the store, and from a hasty glance £ was 'Convinced that there was nothing of a suspicious character. One or two boxes and » few sundries were all to be seen. In one cornec of the room, on a pug floor, the bed was ar ranged, consisting of a mattress and the usual bedclothes. Before calling in the girl— or, rather, when in tiie store — I ascertained from the father that the only ' manifestations' that; had ever been witnessed or felt at any of tha ee'ances were the electric shocks and the raps. It is important that this should be remem bered, being the sum-total -of all the excite ment. In one account it is stated the spirit of the mother would appear to Mr. Schultz at 12 o'clock at night; but as he informed me it did not appear no importance can be attached! to this. . We decided before entering the housa first to-find out by experiment if the girl was really asleep or shamming, and then to ascer tain how the raps were nude. Having stated! our chief objects I will now proceed to describe the stance, and will then give the result oE the experiments and the reaeonfl which caused us to believe the -child -to be-a trickster. Sissy ran into the room full of excitement, and! expressed her willingness to retire. She was undressed and put into the bed made on tha pug floor. It was a double bed, and -when tha child lay in the middle with her arms stretched! out she could not reach over to teach the floor, but by rolling over to her left side she could] easily tap the floor with her fingers undee cover of the bedclothes, and in thiB way unseen. Strange— very strange. The child] had not shown the slightest sign of sleepiness, and yet in one minute and a half she appeared) . to be in a .deep slumber, notwithstanding; the talking going on in the room, and refused; to answer when-spoken toy By- and-bye -aha commenced- to roll her head about and breathedl heavily, tiie father immediately ejaculating, ' It's coming, put out the light.' We failed? to see why this should be done, but wishing to give the 'spirit' every chance, complied. As this was being done I noticed the child turned! over on toite left Bide, away from us, -facing tha wall, and stretch out its left arm under tha clothes. Presently very faint raps were heard. Questions of an ordinary- character were pat, and raps received in reply. No question was asked but what any one hi the «om might haveieasily answered or made a good guess at, nevertheless tiie 'spirit' waB not always correct. The raps exactly resembled the tap ping pf one's fingers on the pug floor ; in fact, once or twice I tapped with my own finger and tapped out the replies, and these raps were not distinguished from the others. Undoubtedly the girl was producing the raps. Although tha lights were oat the moon shone through tha window just sufficiently to enable us to- recognise the form, and no raps occurred! except when Bhe was lying in the position alreaoy described, the only position in fact in which Bhe could produce them without fear o§ detection. On the night previous a hammock was improvised and the girl placed in it, bub no raps came. A box was now placed near tha girl on the bed, bnt as one end had been black leaded she was too canning to rap upon this. Having convinced ourselves that the raps wera made by the girl we next proceeded to try bji experimentif she really wasaaleep orshamming*' I should mention that before this, when the girl was awake, Mr. Jones gave her several doses of ammonia, and thus caused her to dread the bottle. Relighting the candle we remarked, in the hearing of the child, it wonld be better to rub the bottle well and make it extra strong. Immediately this was, said, before we had any opportunity of apply it, she covered her face with her arm. Later on we really did apply the bottle, and sha quickly buried her head. Another time wa touched her nose gently with the end of tha thermometer, and just as quickly she again buried her head. At the Bame time no amount of shouting or shaking had any effect, bat pre sently she threw her arms behind and ap peared to go into a state of catalepsy. Then she drew them in. shaking her hands violently —a very pretty piece of acting. Probably tha girl was practising this when one of your cor respondents said he felt the electric shock. No person in Blackrock, as far as I could ascer tain, fiver felt any, and certainly on this occa sion We were not favored. We had an electro magnet to test this, but from questions asked! we concluded the electrical idea was only an imaginary one, andthua there was no need to try it; Yonr correspondent might perhaps hava used the words nervous shocks more correctly* Signs of heavy breathing reappeared, and wa were again informed that the knocks were coming. Mr. Jones lay down between tha girl and the wall, I lay on the other side, but no more raps; the father told us they wool* not come while we were on the bed. We tnei other experiments by making suggestions, and] were perfectly successful. These i alone would] have TOnvinced us of the fraud. Mr, Jones was the oritrinator of these. At the conclusion of the seance we expressed] our regret that the raps were not more dis tinct ; but the father said if I -would stay another evening he would lay her on a boarded! floor, and they would then be much loader. I agreed with him there, bat did not think ife necessary to waste another evening. Tha temperature of the child's body before going to bed was .87°, during the performance 94°; pulse regular. The next morning tie follow-i ing -document was -drawn up and signed:— i ' We agree from the observations of Wednes day, June 1.— 1.' That the child is awake oc semi-conscious, and we believe she shams asleep. 2. She produces the*aps herself witn her hand, or any available object, this includ ing her own body. 3. The rapa could ba easily emulated. 4. That she is open to suggestions. 5. From the observations wa made oh thiB particular night we don't feel justified in imputing to any person in the room the charge of collusion with the girL—W. H. Jones, KrtnmA\f Evaks, Blackreck, June 2, 1887.' As stated before, Mr. A. Heally, tha Blackrock correspondent, whose reports hava appeared in the newspapers- 4* i«heve tha only reports ever sent from Blackrock), was present, and as the result of an interview ? afterwards the following waa. prepared r— ' Mr. Heally stated that he had never at any 