ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. EYES RIGHT I Scene—Staff Office. General Owen discovered looking over the newspapers to see what they have said about the Militia and the hatching of the regola- - tiona. Sees an article in the Register oI an awakening tendency; reads it, and is horrified at the " grossly. undisciplined" character of the remarks. Gives the usual signal-stamp on the floor, which oracks the plaster over the heads of the sergeants and drill-instructors in the orderly-room below. Enter an old soldier, saluting. General— "Convey the order through the nsual1 channels to Captain De Burgh that I want him." Order percolates aeoordingly. General soliloquizes in his good-humoured way— Bank mutiny 1 by all the powers of war I'll bare the editor of this vile rag.put in the guard house. Be dares suggest that I am slow and hampered with redtape. Perhaps 1 am: but I am also sure. When 1 came here I found such easy ways of doing work No form or order, but go-as-you-please. I fixed all that, and sent to rightabout a lot of clods I worked the detaila out, and fixed up things, Till one can lay his hand upon whate er he wants. Be it a button from a soldier's coat, I know its lack ; . No trivial matter doth, escape my eyes or be o'eilooked. A model staff, by Jove, I meant to have, and have - it now. They say the men are falling fast away. Well, be it so, perhaps they are. I have a staff that I Beep lull of work—Ay! chock a-block. What is a regiment without a staff ? Why, like a sword that bath no guard or hilt; [Enter Captain De Burgh ] General—Call a full muster of yourself and staff.. [Enter the whole of the staff, and the General interrogates them individually and collectively.] Tell me, did yon no information give anent the force - To folks connected with this paper here ? [Points scornfully to the newspaper spread upon, the table.] [They all sslute and all say, "No."] General—Upon your solemn affidavit did you not?" All—So help us, no 1 . General-1 must believe you, belt, by Cesar's ghost, 'tis passing strange. They reem to know so much about the thing, I am surprised. Staff— They learn by instinct what they, ought to ■ know—those papers, sir, And strange to say they're generally correct. The General fires np, and the Staff wish they had ot said the last. General—Bank mutiny again, and by my staff.I bo help me, David, was a man so taxed. Bow dare you aay the papers are correct? That's treason, and the rankest mutiny. Have yon the regulations read, I ask; I mean the new ones that I've just got out?. Corporal Clingstone—Bets pardon, Gen'ral,. but' this life's too short; They are so long, those regulations, sir, We'd be grey-headed ere we reached -the end. General—Ah I say you so, then give each .man a-. Throughout the force, and be must.study.it. The Staff—Beg pardon, sir, but .there's not men; enough For one page each, and more would kill them off, Far worse than rifle-bullets or redtape. General—How dare you speak about redtape',? I do perceive a kind of cheeky tone That smacks ot insubordination, too.] Now recollect the regulations say No man shall any information give to any paper-' Staff—But. Sir, they have a fashion of tneir own. Of getting newB, and often 'He correct. General—Correct again!. I tell you once-for all, No news that I myself do not give out is e'er correct. Confound these colonials, they seem to have -wills of their own. Staff—We humbly think so, too. General—You're not to think, you must not have a thought except through.me. So help me, Caesar, here's a pretty go! My staff dare think I [Writes a general order ] " Officers and members ol the Militia and'staff are oidered not to think from this date. It is an un soldierly habit and subversive of discipline. Officers commanding companies are specially re quested to eee that their men do not think. Any man discovered thinking will be fined a day's pay, and as they never get a day's pay under present conditions, they will be fined four ^quarter-days' pay." The staff are dismissed, thinking a good deal notwithstanding, and the General adds a clause to the regulations to the effect that it is a breach of discipline for newspapers to publish any opinions whatever upon the Militia, and especially adverse viewB. He calls for a return of the number of men in each company who have been in the habit of thinking, with a report upon the approxi mate directions oi their thoughts. Enter Orderly—If you please, sir, shall I cut out and paste in the staff scrapbook them two articles in the Register and Advertiser t General—Cat, ah, eh? what? well, on second, thoughts, I think Nor. " I never quite realized,"' says a correspon dent, " the force of the expression ' Savc-me from my friends' until the other day when I became the victim of a friend's good intentions not carried out. He had been an old comrade of mine, but I bad not seen him for several years, and coming unexpectedly upon him in the streets of Melbourne I was shaken by the band most cordially. It appeared that he. was an important factor of the theatrical, fraternity, and in the fulness of his soul at. seeing me he said * Have yon been to the Princess Theatre yet ? if you hare not I will leave your name at the door and you oan go. to-morrow night.' I said I had not been, but would be delighted to go, and we parted with a renewal of the promise from, him to frank me at. the door. £ went to the Princess, passed up. the handsome staircase, and was blandly met on the landing at the entrance to. the dress circle by an impressive gentleman, who was a courteous Cerberus in dress clothes, I presented my card, and asked if that name had been left at the door. I was told that it had not. Somewhat taken aback, I explained that an old friend connected with the theatrical profession had promised to leave my name at the door. What was his name ? was the natural question, and there I was thrown on my beam ends. I had forgotten his name, my memory ior names being most untrustworthy, and 1 said so with a very red lace. I was blandly and politely told that my friend must have made a mistake, and as I retired from the scene of my discomfiture I thought I caught the whisper of the courteous Cerberus to the doorkeeper, ' Too thin and stale a dodge, ^Therefore I say, 'Save mq rom my friends' whose intentions are good heir memories frail and their names for gotten." "Teetulpa topers are boarded in qn iron shed in a shade of 1107' On consideration one easily understand the object of that. The best way to bring a toper to a sober state is to get the beer ont of the system, and this is one of the many methods. Pat him in an iron sbed with an atmosphere like that in the inside of a campoven over a slow fire and the heat will soon make him perspire beer at every pore. An honr or two of that treat ment would extract every drop of the in toxicant, and then if the toper could be taken | over a brewery to see the process oi making | beer he wonld never want to fill himself np with any more. They are original people at Teetulpa, very. 