LVDIES' COLUMN IW.'U'E FOR HOllS HAITI D;ar " Householders," come draw all your ohairs around. Never mind turning down the bbs, I'm not going to talk ol ghosts or goblins: I merely want th have a oomlor table little chat with you all and tell yon how much I enjoy your little circle. This ii my first appearance among you and I shall tell you why. I have not the timo to make all the pretty things you suggest (I wish 1 had !) and my experienca in that iine being very limited you would not derive much benefit {rom the little I could tell you. In regard to household duties I am not mnch better fixed -don't smile- but would it interest any of you to know how to try to mahe the very smallest pirce of butter do for a good sized dish of mashed potatoes? Or how to try to make a hat that has already braved two seasons look hright and npw for these sunt shiny days? No, you would all laugh and shrug your shoulders. Hut let ms tell you one thing, uot malapropos here: If you should have to wear an old hat this season admiro tbo«<? of others and don't think of your own. \'ou cannot see it nnd your friends do not appreciate you for the style ot your headgear, while strangers will never take the trouble to look at it, so where are the odds if you arc liappy Still who knows but what relief may b3 near at hantl: Perhaps, in the game machine that they put in earth and turn out bread, we may be able to throw in an old hat. turn the crank, and lo ! behold ! the daintiest, cutest little bonnet of the season, thnt just stands three inches higher than our vcrjib?st friend's too- what joy un told 1'. Hat jest asido-it ia a great thing to be happy when we cannot have things as wc wnnt them-when we seo nothing beforo us but work, work, never ending work arid our very lifa seems but a dreary waste. I know it is very bard to be contented then ; bard to see the bright eide of those cloudB whose very blacknesB chills on to (he heart; hard to meet foinc troubles with abravo (aoe; hard to be jostled along by the unheeding crowd, when your heart yesrns for ono kind word to cheer your drooping courage, but does it console us any to think how hard our lot is 1 Not a bit o( it, it makos matter. p*\ _ plSMSDt, [ebandg and of eteak and famile lot ? a baok thou dainties il tbey impanied by.a similar dreaeing. only recipe for decorating a bome mow it is a good one, and i( you would try it you would aoon find it quits BUO oeiBlat, Don't be disoouragcd il yoa do not sunoeed at first bnt next time redouble yoar eflort, (or we know " Mail's value on what's won ia BOt, God values tho endeavor." 