CHAITE K LXII.-ME.S. EUSKIXJS DIS CUSSES THE CHANGES OF THE GAME. Mrs. Ersklne was alone in the drawing room when Walter Dancombe came in. Something in the expression of his face alarmed her, and she started up to meet him with a very white face. " What is the matter ?" she cried, ': yon look a3 if you had seen a ghost." " I saw something much worse than a ghost ; you know the-the man we were talking of just now ?" " Good Heavens J' and she staggered back into a seat, "You do not mean to say that the man who was watching ua was-was-" she stopped abruptly as if chokiDg. " Yes," he answered. "It was George Pottinger. I did not recognise him, he is so altered ; but he knew me well enough." "And what-what do you think? Is he in his right mind ?" " YeB-I think he is sane enough as far as that goes ; but It would not take much to set him off again. I asked if he saw the lady who was with me, and if he knew who she was 1 He said he had not seen your face, so I told hitn you web| Mrs. John Erakine." "Oh, do you think that was wise? What did he say ?" "Well, he got rather excited, and said he wished he had known." "But did he not mention Rossitur? Did be ask if she was here ?" " He seems to know she is not with you now," Duncombe answered. " And he remembered suddenly who I was, and worked himself up into a rage, and accused me of having tried to take his wife from him ! Now, as I never saw her after she became Mrs. Pottinger, until the day she came to the Hermitage, I was able to give bim the lie ! I wish he had shown fight, as I could then haTe given him a rap on the head that would have floored him. But he didn't; he got cowed at once when I gave him a shaking." "Well, what happened then? I am sure you are hiding something.'' "Upon my soul, I'm not. I have nothing to hide. I said you should hear that I had seen him, and I desired him not to attempt to come here worrying jou. I do not think he will; he said he was on his way to Stillingfort, to look for his wife, and you may be very sure I Baid nothing to stop him, or to put him on her track." " And when he leaves Stillingfort ?" "He aays he has a good place ; I did not aBk him where." "I do not think it would be a bai plan," said Mrs. Erskine after a pause, " to let him and Rossitur meet if it could be managed." " I think 1 could manage it," Dan combe answered, " but it might not bd so easy to get her away from him again. It might take more time, you see, than we could spare," he added as he seated him self beside her," "and that would be ruin. No, my dear. Take my advice and do not let him get on her track if you can help ifc; but if ha should atutubla upon her by accident " " Well. What then?" "He moat be got rid of at all hazards ! Shut up for life in an asylum if there is i . no other way. As long aa ho is at liberty there ia no security for her, unless she is j wise enough, as I have so often advised, to go out of England. "I am weary of the very sound of har j name. You do not know how I hate it, | Walter," and Mrs. John broke down suddenly into hysterical sobs, "you were right in what you said to me just now ; I j am losing all my courage, and the thought that that man may come here any mo ment and force me to see him ia killing me. What am I to do ? Oh-what am I to do ?" j (To be continued.) 