The Romance of a Bottle, The boon bid former); been inhabited by . painter; and the ntudio, whioh spread its gaunt unshapen length along (he southern wall ot the neglected garden, had been given over to the old man that he might divert himself in it BB be pleased, (without (car of domestic invasion. Evidently it was a place where the intruding foot of vife or house keeper was never suffered-a forlorn disor dered plaee-dark, too, for the great window was all smirohed and blind with dust, and soraps ot paper with queer, oabalistio devioes were stack all over the panes, and rain showers, oharged with soot, had blurred it, till it was almost opaque. It was a long and lofty room. Dim corners were spun all aoross with cobwebs; dark blotobes of some long, dried chemical fluid, like old biood staios, showed upon the bare flooring; and a little ridge of dust cn either side of a smooth path some two and a' bull feet wide, running the leogth ol the eastern wall, marked the course trodden by the eld man'when he paced hiB workehop in thought or meditation. The rest of the floor was covered by B fine layer of dust. " The old man himself was just the kind of an old man whom you would have expected to find 'in such a place. The brown and wrinkled skin waa stretched tightly over his forehead and the upper pait of a skull, which | aecended to a sort of blunted point. I From the eyes there radiated a light ot al 1 most unnatural brilliancy, in eagerness, a curiosity, and a painful restlessness glittered in them, and they appeared never to take in the half of what they longed to see. The old man was an alohemist-probably the last of tho line. The old alchemist in the studio had tried honestly, In hia day, to make gold out of lead, and out ot atones, plants, and heaven knows what other things; he had his powder of projection and his metals; his eruoible.his furnace, and a poker of the proper sort, like the other alchemists; but he had not made any gold. Ten fruitless yean had he spent in the endeavor to produce it by technioal and prescribed processes of separation, of maturation, and of transmutation -, and then, on s day in bright midwinter, it flashed apon him, with the dazzle and shook of inspira tion, that the thing whioh, above all things else, it behoved him to discover and make perfect, for tbe good of himself and his fellow men, was that grand and infallible dissolvent of Paracelsus and Van Helmont, the true and only elitir, which conferred immortality on mortals. Day by day, amid tbe shadowy silence that would have oppressed a student ICBS utterly absorbed, the old man read between the yellow covers of frowsy volumes. Often from dawn to dark, and'far on into tbe night, not a sound would be heard in the chamber save the rustle ot the leaves M be turned them over, one by one. None visited him, none saw him, or had a word of him. He sat alone, amid tbe ghosts of a hundred generations of alchemists, whom he had summoned from the vasty deep, to teaoh him'tbat score! of life which death h;.d taught to them. Yet, amid tbo dusky stillness o( that dead chamber, there was a lifeless thing that I seemed to waioh-now mockingly, and now i in cyrnpatfiy-the loan, rapi figure of tie j alohcmist. This thing that had no life in it was a bottle-a plain, narrow-nectctl ycbscI ol pale green glass, tthich Bpirit-meroli-ute had oncj been wont to fill with extravagant liquor. You oannot surround with the feeblest halo of romanoe a bottle suoh as tbia. It had etood at the elbow of the host on tbo supper- tables. Waiters, with napkins on their arms, bad placed it there at the eleventh hour, and guests who had previonsly drunk thoir fill of other liquors had welcomed it as an aid and stimulus to digestion. What iron; of cir cumstances had oauBed this bottle, when emptied last, to be transported here, to the Btudio of an aged alchemist than whom no Nazarite had more rigorously abstained from elevating drink? Man; bottles of various shapes etood about upon the floor, most of which contained soma dark and subtle poison ecarce Known to modern science. The pale-green bottlo etood alone in the embrasure of a window, and held, dissolved in liquid, one of the deadliest drugs thai man has yet chanced upon, in thia or any age. It had been rudely stopped, in the al chemist's unthinking haBte, with b thiok plug of writing paper, whioh, with unintentional and quite Dnconacious art, his fingers had fashioned into the quaint and grinning like ness of a human face. At last the alchemist mastered the hitherto inviolable secret of the elixir of life. Quiok upon the stroke of this immense dis covery oame a warning from within that his own days were numbered. Was he then to dio before he could prepare biB elixir of lile ? His spirit was not dashod, for very curi ously his desire of life ceaBed with his oon viction tbAt there was a means of cheating death. What he longed for now, was timo wherein to perfect his knowledge, that hap pier men might profit by it. So he toiled afresh, that be might win his Beoret to the nsaof posterity. It was spring, and the daylight lengthened. Bunshine and budding hedges comforted the world, and nature herself teomad willing to assist the droopingalohemist. But one night he was seized with eudden faintness, and eank half-dead from lack of eusteuancc, whilst tbo experiment was in the middle Btage. A month later, he bad a Bimilar, but sharper and more exhausting seizure; and then he began to know he should not live to make good the secret of the elixer. Day followed^ da;; the Ban grew warmer, | and the blood in the alchemist's veins grew oolder. One morning the paper stopper of the bottle, contracting in the sun's rays, fell out on to the dust cf the floor. In the genial warmth the liquid elements within were slowly evaporated; and the drug crystallized in minute and almost colorless prisms on the Bides and bottom of the bottle. . Not all the softness ot spring, and her breath, tbat made the buds unfold, could arouse again the fading fires in the withered body of the alchemist. Life was passing quickly from him who bad been the only liv ing thing in the now deserted studio. He crawled no step back upon the road to health, and before the summer was established be died, Feet that had not entered there before now, trampled the duet of tho studio. All was confusion, uglier a groat deal than the care less disarray amid which the student had | fondly worked. Auctioneers' clerks came, I and made their inventory of the dead man's poor belongings. They alUcbed etout lube Is to articles of farniture which oue smart rtp ot the salesman'e bummer would hove ehivored into fragments. The only objects left untouched were a heap of old bottles in a corner beneath the window, on which the dust of years had forucd n ooarse and solid crust-these and the solitary bottle in tbe window. They were not woitii aphce in the catalogue, nor a la'uil. The morning after the Bale, a fat, untidy denning woman strode into Um room,fallowed at a distance whioh indicated fear if not re spect, by her husband, a retired or super annuated costermontfer. The great, red eye of the cleaning-woman ranged the area of the studio, and noting suoh perquisites as the remover had left her, she indicated them to her husband, who collected and stowed them in his basket. In the course of time the whole of this collection reached the sorting yard ol a rag, bone, and bottle mer chant. Here tbe articles were sorted accord ing to their bind, and presently an even row of blaok bottles, and another row of eea-green bottles, showed in what manner order might be evolved out of chaos. The bottles arrived eventually at tbe bottle cleaning yard of a well-known spirit-rocrcb »nt, where they received a plontiful ablution of warm water within and without. This spirit-merohant was a person of great talent in hie calling, who, by judicious blending and treatment, could produce a port of recognized standing and condition, effective for use upon . given night. The bottles passed from the hands of the washer, having undergone as effectual a cleaning as the skill of that functionary oould compass. Outwardly they were now all alike. 1 shall, however, select one of these bottles, and tbat not at random, nor without design, and shall give it henceforth a place of its own in this story. It was a pale green bottle of ordinary size and shape; it had passed through many hands, and had been preserved unbroken amid scenes of great diversity, since last it etood in the spirit merchant's yard. It was, in short, the bottle which stood in the window of the old alahemist's studio. The ablutionary rites to which it had been subjected had not dis solved the minute oolorless particles into which its deadly contents had crystallized under the sun's warmth. They still clung to the eides and bottom ot the bottle, as potent as before of swift and horrible des truction. Spirit would have dissolved them in a lew seconds-water touched them not. This bottle then, was carried presently with its companions to an opper room in the spirit-merchant's establishment where the air was weighted with tbe odor of rioh liquors, and processes beautiful in their delio&oy; ana mystery were performed by talented and re spectable persons during the hours from nine till eiz. Here, when all was prepared, tbe bottle received an exceedingly ohoioe blend of old liqueur-brandy. It was then oorked, se&lod;, labelled, and properly bestowed in an other department of the house. It remained there during some weeks, when it was once more removed, in the company of others, to the wcll-ohosen cellar of Mr. Theodore, the wealthy and distinguished amateur. They oame under the affectionate care of Mr. Dim mick, the butler. " These bottleB arrive most opportunely,'' said Mr. Dimmiok &B; he un packed them. And so in faot they did, for Mr. Theodore was giving, at tho end of the week, one of the graceful suppers he so much effected, to tbe members of a liberal profes sion. Twenty actors, tho most renowned in London, would appear at his board at mid night on (he following Saturday, for the in vitntions had been accepted to a man. Preceded by his pautryman, who carried tbe^go upon his shoulders, Mr. Dimmiok deEoended the steps of tho cellar, counting cachstep aloud in his progress, as bis habit was. One by one, in an ample bed of saw dust on a vacant shelf, tbo careful-minded butler plaoed the bottles. The Bottle was laid tbo last but one in tbo upper layer, ct the end nearest to the right hand of a person entering the cellar. Mr. Dimmiok then sur veyed his arrangoment of tbo bottles, and see ing tbat it was good, he withdrew. Tho day of the auppcr arrived, and at eleven in the cvoning Mr. Theodore issued from bis club, oalled a cab, and was driven to hie residence, a costly and comfortablo house in ono of tbe most agreeable quarters ol the town, ITc wont tit nnco to the dining ! room, uhcrc lip passed a Its minutes in ami i cal siu-lj of the tabic and uiJeboard. Oneor two of his reror vintages, dcelinrd (or an ad vanced and marvellous Ftnpe ot tbe feast, were displayed upon the latter; but Mr.Theo doreremarked with surprise the abeeooe of a particular bottle, toward which big fancy bad affectionately projected itself during hi* drive from the club. lie summoned his butler,atid in terms of lenient reproach discovered to him the deficiency. Mr. Dimmick apologized, oould not imagine bow he had oontrived to be so neglectful, and, retiring in oonfnsion eank gravely into the fragrant shades of the cellar. Going to the shelf where-he bad de posited the contents of the newly arrived OftBe of liqueur-brandies, be took tbe first bottle in tbe upper layer. Holding it in the wary manner of one who understands how fine liquor shonld be earried, he wae about to commence bis nFcent, when be reflected that one bottle woujd but just make tbe round ot the table. 11A glass apieoe; and enoh a very fine liqueur! They will want another," eaid Mr. Dimmick. He went back to tbe eh elf and took another, which was The Bottle. With tbe two bottles under hie arm he re turned to the dining room, and the master commended the thoughtfulnepe of bis servant. It wanted ten minutes of midnight as Mr. Theodore crossed tho epaoious half i which separated the dining room from the drawing-room. In front of a noble Vene-! tien mirror, framed in chased and burnished 1 silver, be gave the final set to his tie, and smoothed away from the neighborhood of hie waittband the Bolitsry wrinkle whioh fretted the fair furface of hie latin waist- j oont. Standing there, he beheld, with smooth and kindly gaze, a form whioh was neither youthful nor too mature, but whioh ocmbioedt with the admirable elegance of twenty, the cultured and slightly more philosophic repose of forty-eight. Mr. Theodore was a man who spent the I fortune which bis fathers bad made for him, upon principles which aimed at seouring hie own contentment in the firet place, at-1, second, the approval ot that section of «n/<Ta»n«. ? f'?jj;;"' him best. A marked tendency to sslfishncssV^Bfciw.1"' in dicated by tbe shape of the nose as etxa m profile, was partially corrected by the genial and humor-loving curves of the month. Mr. Theodore epoke in eomewbjit florid though niccly balanced tones, which be could shift with admirable art so as to harmonize them with those ot the person to whom he ad dressed himself, lie turned from the con- j temptation of hie person on bearing the ar rival of bis that quest. I At a quarter after midnight supper was nerved. It was a rare meal. The host had 1 been a traveller in ro-.r.y lardp, and was a happy and versatile storyteller. He told tales, which his talent for mimicry sharpened to tbo point of wit, of the theatres of tbe Ea'.cj of sitting cross leged in the rushes on the floor of the ploy-bouse of Japan j of tak ing aurreptiticun lessons in tile Nautch from the favorite dancer of A Maharajah; he sang a comic song from an Indian farce, which was very like an Irdiao dirge; and subse qucutly performed the all but incredible feat of condensing into half a dozen sentences the plct ot a Ohineso tragedy whioh bad occu pied a month in representation. ID jest and anecdotc tbe guests matehed Ibeir host ieatly. Think ot tbe genius sad talent of the London stage concentrated round a eupper-table, each man of them an actor who stood in the eye of the publio, the etar of his particular theatre, a trained hnmorist, a theatric Mesmer able at will to dissolve in tear* or freeze with horror an entire andienee, agrdbt declaimer--or at poorest, a magnifi cent Apollo for whom countless ladies nightly sighed themselves to sleep. Fired by good vino, and tbe desire to pleiee, eaoh guest puured forth his best, and the host by exhorta tion and example incited his friends to fresh eudoavor. In this blithe way they lengthened out the hour#, and the gilt clock in the ball chimed half-past two. " Dimmick," said Mr. Theodore to his butler, "yon may go to bed." Mr. Dimmick gratefully made his bow and retired. He had scarcely olosed the door upon him self when Theodore notioed that the ligueur bad not been served. He mentioned the cir cumstance to his guests, with an apology, and added : " By your leave, gentlemen, I'll serve the liqueur myself." He rose, and crossed to tho tideboard where, ajpid a noble array of glams and flagons of all sizes and shapes, stood the two bottles containing the new liqueur-brandy. " I should rather like your judgment on a liqueur-brandy I have here, gentlemen," eaid Mr. Theodore* "1 have not yet tatted it my. eelf, but it cornea to mc with a high recom mendation." He took up one of the bottles as be spoke, and was already drawing tbe oork. That done, he touohed the mouth ol the bottle with a clean napkin, and then made tbe round *of the t&ble;, filling each glass as be passed. Coming to his own place at tbe top, he poured out with a flourish the ball glass whioh wag all that remained of the pale golden fluid, "Now, gentlemen I Before t fulfil my pro mise, your judgments all, if you please," ex claimed Mr. Theodore, lifting bis own glass in challenge to bis guests. Every one at tho table raised and drank off his glasS, Mr. Theodore alone paused for a moment, to note the firet expression on tbe face of his friends. What horrid Round was that 1 A crash of fallen glass, followed by groans and ories of men in agony. Mute and ti;ff with horror, the host olutched with both bands at the table, and Blared before him and around him. In the first stage of fear a man's strength is often trebled; in the last stage, when fear is oo longer fear, but has merged is sheer,re sistless terror, the muscles become as jelly, and the body Binks an inert mass to the ground. By desperate exertion of will the master of tbe bouse saved himself fron> this state of utter helplessness, but more be oould not do. HiB tongue was riven against bis palate-he stood speechless and stared out ot eyes grown almost vaoant I What was it that he glared at? Was it death, or bnt a vision of death? Tbe jest WBB scarcely dry on these men's lips -did they oounterfeit dissolution as a better iest than all? No I Death had them all in his grip-they were dying in most cruel tor ment 1 One by one, as bis oonvulsive struggles ceased, eaeh guest tell down athwart, alongside, or beneath the table; and still tbe miserable host stood there, rigid and gray with fright, and watched the ghastly play. Hit brain was netting-his head grew like to burst-madness wonld have seized him next. He wren.hed himself together, and staggered towards tbe door. The bell-rope was close against it-he caught at it, and a fearful peal echoed through tbe house. A tew moments elapsed, in which it seemed to tbe wretohfed creature that all eternity was exhausted; and then there was a noise offset pattering along an upper corridor, down the stars, and aoroBs the hall, He, meanwhile, had soratehed a line in penoil on the baok of a visiting-card, and this he thrust into the bands of the firet servant who aproaohed him. " Take it and run," he said, hoarsely; "Dr. F " (naming tbe first physician in tbe town). " Oo as if tbe devil himself were at your heels. And you, this," he said to an othsr, to whom he gave a card tor his own physician, who lived hard by. " Tbe rest to bed again I" He bad now regained some nerve, but stood ashen-white on tbe thres hold ot tbe dining-room barring all entrance there. ThroUfc,'- tbo isilent streets, whitening with the dawn, t..\\- ferriages were presently driv ing at full speea cm direction. Themaster of tli» lionet) v,cut out to meet the doctors.nBd | led them the room of death. Dut it was too I lata The play was played out. Each ol Ittaoee meiry guests bad been a dead man for halt an hoar. 