GORDON BALTERSTONE ; or THE UNFULFILLED PREDICTION. BY HENRY JOHN CONGREVE, CHAPTER V. BILL. Bill stood immediately in front of the door concealed by the trunk of an old oak, watching with intense interest and not without some trepidation in spite of his previous boasting. The doors opened slowly to their full width and a spacious hall was visible, filled with a bright blue mist. The blue light suddenly changed to a green and then a rosy hue. As the last change took place, there suddenly emerged from every side door and from every recess, numbers of fantastically dressed figures who at once engaged in a wild, though grotesquely beautifnl movement. Presently, while they were in the height of revel, the bell in the turret tolled out, and at once the figures disappeared and the light changed to a grey misty hue. Then from bottom of the hall came a slowly moving figure dressed as a nun. Her figure was clad in the long dark robes of her order, her head was hooded and her features were nearly hidden by white bandages. Through the faintly glimmering light, Bill could perceive that she held something round in her hand. At first he could not distinguish what it was, but as she approached the entrance, to his horror he perceived a skull. Every few steps she would stop and hold it forth as if for inspection. Bill was horrified, for he was like many of his class, though possessing undaunted animal courage, he could not bear dead men's bones. Slowly the figure emerged from the portal into the cloisters. As it did so the doors shut with a hollow clang and the rattling of chains was followed by a peal of hollow laughter. Then, all was silent. Slowly backward and forward paced the figure, occasionally stopping and turning in the direction of of Bill's hiding place. Now Bill could notice that over her features, her hands and the skull came flashes of faint light. At first, all would be dark, and then a wave of misty fire would play about her. This continued some time. Perhaps half-an -hour had passed from the moment when Bill first beheld the lights streaming, to the time when the figure once more turned towards the portal. The the bell tolled once more, the chains rattled, there was a babble of many strange voices and the doors unfolded. The same dim misty light pervaded the hall as the figure passed slowly on. Bill who at first was startled and somewhat terrified, had gathered his thoughts together. What were those figures that he beheld ? Who was the nun ? Was he permitted to look into the spirit world ? Or was it only a delusion or a freak of the gypsies ? He would see. " Ain't a goin' to be done this way," he said to himself. " I allus said ef I seed a ghost I'd know what she was made of an' I'm goin' to do it. Vot's the odds ef I get killed, von can only die once and I believe this chiles got as many lives as a cat an' I've only lost one or two of 'em as yet. So here goes." With that he stepped from behind his tree and made for the portal. By this time the nun was nearly at the bottom of the hall and the great doors were gradually closing. Bill still had a few yards to travel and the doors were closing fast. " Hold on mates," he cried, " hold on a bit and let me in." But the doors kept closing, and breathless and panting Bill just had time to creep through when they closed with a loud bang. Then the bell tolled, the light vanished and thick darkness fell ; a darkness that seemed to make further progress out of the question. For a moment Bill stood motionless, and faint tones of beautiful music came stealing through the air. Where it came from Bill could not tell. Now it was in the air - now beneath his feet, now on one side, now on another, and then apparently from all places at once. The volume of sound then increased. From a gentle murmur as of the summer wind among the trees, it increased to the magnitude of a large orchestra intermingled with the clashing of cymbals. Presently, Bill was aware of two misty forms beside him, one on either hand. He felt the soft pressure on his wrists by which he was urged forward. Mechanically he followed the direction of the pressure and advanced a few yards. Then the music suddenly stopped and he beheld an open door. Over the doorway there was, delineated in lines and marks of fire, a naked arm and hand holding a death's head. Bill stood still and refused to move forward under the ghastly emblem. " Look," said his guides as they pointed with their skinny fingers. Bill looked in the direction suggested. He looked into an abyss which was as dark as night. Presently, however, at what seemed an immeasurable distance, deep down below where he was standing, a misty light appeared. It seemed to Bill as if he was gazing down a tunnel sloping towards the centre of the earth. The mist grew brighter and brighter, and suddenly cleared. Then Bill could see he was looking into what appeared to be a vault. It was lit from above by a starlike light. The light grew brighter and Bill could distinguish a form stretched out on ground covered by furs. Presently the form turned and its features were revealed. They were those of Gordon. Bill uttered an exclamation and bounded forward, but the grasp upon his wrists, which had never been relaxed tightened, and he felt strong hands from behind pinioning his arms and legs. " Let go I tell yer, beasts," he cried, " let go. There's my mate and vots the odds I don't go to 'im. Wot as yer been doin' to 'im ? Wot 'ave yer got 'im here for ? Are yer devils or gypsies or wot are yer - I don't ker a sheep's head for the lot ov yer. Can't yer let me go, I say ?" But it was of no use. Though Bill struggled violently he could not get away. " Be still," said a solemn voice behind him. " Be still and behold, and no harm shall come to you. Look." And Bill looked. Gordon was not alone. A female form was with him. It was Azalia. Tenderly she cared for the sleeper. Carefully she washed a wound on his head and applied medicinals wrapped in in bandages of linen. The the scene faded. Bill could see no more. At that moment, he was aware of a peculiar subtle odour pervading the room. It appeared grateful to It rushed to his brain. Presently he stumbled forward and would have fallen if he had not been retrained. He was fast asleep. CHAPTER VI. ELEANOR FANSHAWNE. Away on the western coast of Cornwall, in the neighbourhood of the Cornwall heights dwelt Major Fanshawne. He was long retired from the army, with which he had been actively engaged in India. He was the younger son of a noble family, but had been rejected by them after a youthful indiscretion. Through the influence of an uncle he had obtained an ensigncy in a regiment going to India. The unkindness of his parents embittered his mind, and when he sailed away from England it was with the determination that he would never return unless laden with wealth. For some time he remained in his lowly position, doing his duty thoroughly, not mixing in the follies of his brother officers, but living economically, and by this means he managed to make his pay maintain him. By and bye he was moved with his company to a distant part of the country where the natives were disaffected. Here he acquitted himself so well that he rose to the position of first lieutenant and then captain. At this point he was stuck for many years, but still managed to accumulate money. Then came the crisis of his fortune. An aged princess, in whose territory Captain Fanshawne was stationed, had incurred the hatred of many of her people by introducing some European customs. They had consequently risen in revolt and besieged her in her citadel. She had a few faithful followers with her, but a good many of those within the walls were disaffected, and were in treaty with the rebels to allow their entrance. In her extremity she dispatched a trusty messenger to Captain Fanshawne. He only had some two hundred soldiers with him, but at once proceeded to assist the princess. Favoured by the darkness of night they obtained entrance to the palace. The rebels were confident of victory and unaware that succour had been sent for had kept a very slack watch. The rebels had determined to make the final assault on the morrow, having been informed that on their approach the palace gates would be thrown open for them. Captain Fanshawne lost no time as soon as he was within the palace putting its defences in a right train. Two or three brass cannons were placed in position and his men placed on guard. First, however, he had secured the disaffected by placing them in a large building in the palace yard. Early the next morning, the assault began, the rebels being unaware that there were any Europeans to be encountered. They were, however, soon undeceived, for on approaching the gates of in a tremendous mob the gates were indeed thrown open, but behind this they beheld the cannon, with English soldiers standing by with lighted matches. Behind these again were the remainder of the red-coats. Ere they had time to think, word was given, and repeated and rapid discharges from the guns mowed the rebels down. Then came the command to charge, and with fixed bayonets the soldiers advanced. The panic was now complete. The rebels threw down their arms and fled in all directions, the soldiers following for a short distance and then relinquishing the pursuit to the native cavalry of the Princess, who caused havoc amongst the flying rebels. Thus was the Princess released. Her gratitude knew no bounds, and she took the victorious Captain to her treasure rooms, where she heaped treasure upon treasure upon him till it amounted to a vast sum. Tbe news of his victory was soon conveyed to headquarters, and resulted in his promotion to the rank of Major. So his ambition was gratified. He had attained all that he wished. He was raised in rank and had wealth enough to place him high on the list. Eventually he determined to return to England and settle down. After obtaining his discharge he quitted India forever. On the voyage home he was taken ill. Among the passengers was a young lady who had had been governess for an family in India, but who was now returning to England. This young lady undertook the nursing of Major Fanshawne, and acquitted herself so well that she secured his heart. On their arrival in England they were married. Then they took a tour through the country in search of an estate. No country pleased them as well as Cornwall, and on the Cornish heights, in view of the Atlantic Ocean, they purchased a large estate. The estate was diversified by hill and dale. Three or four miles of its boundary ran along the sea-shore - the cliffs in many parts being perpendicular, and in all parts rugged. On a romantic hill the Major built a lordly mansion. It was surrounded by a beautiful park, and a well-stocked stream ran a few yards away, passing the front of the mansion. Here they resided for some years with their son and daughter born in the house. When the son, Rathway Fanshawne, who was the eldest, was ten, and the daughter Eleanor was eight years of age, the mother suddenly disappeared, no one knew whither. The story was put about that she had fallen into the stream, during a time of flood. Some believed it, and condoled with the Major ; but there were others who quietly whispered to themselves that there had been sin, and then murder. The matter was, however, searched into no further. Major Fanshawne continued to reside at ' The Heights,' as he had named the estate. He never went far from the house, and his chief happiness was to be in the company of his daughter. At sixteen years of age Eleanor Fanshawne was a lovely, gentle girl. She was as fair as a lily, with masses of short curly hair all over her head. Her eyes were a gentle blue, very wells of truth. She was as good as she was beautiful, and gentle withal. Not that she was devoid of spirit or talent, but her heart felt for anyone in trouble, and she shrank from giving pain. No one who had seen Eleanor, unless introduced to her brother, would have imagined that they were at all of kin. He was her very opposite. He was not tall, though powerful. He was ugly as well. Ugly in looks, and ugly in disposition. No one who could help it would come within reach of his domineering ways. His very father shrank from him. When Rathway was twenty, the father called the brother and sister to his study one day. He told them that he did not know how long he was to live, and so he thought it was but right that they should know what his property was, and how he was going to dispose of it. After detailing how his property was invested, he informed his children that in his will he had directed that all should be equally divided between them, and that Rathway was to be the guardian of his sister until she was of age. Though he made no outward manifestation, Rathway was thoroughly disgusted with this arrangement. Though the fortune he would receive would be a princely one, this did not satisfy him. He had thought that the bulk of the fortune would be left to him, and something like twenty thousand pounds apportioned to his sister. Although he had a good allowance he was already heavily in debt. Not only had he entered the sporting world as a backer of horses at the races, but he gambled heavily. Worse vices even than these drained him of heavy sums, and he had already given post obits for large amounts. After this announcement of the Major's, life went on for some time in the usual manner, though Rathway often used to absent himself from home, sometimes for weeks at a time. At last, about a year after the event just narrated, the Major was found one morning dead in his bed with a dagger driven clean through the centre of his heart. His son, who was absent at the time, returned home post-haste and a strict search was instituted. To Be Continued. 