Metropolitan Gossip. (From Our Correspondent.) Melbourne, January 15 It seems likely that after a threat deal of shilly shallying we are to have the Earl of Carnarvon once more as Secretary of State for the Colonies. There is not much cause for illuminations or the throwing up of hats, for the selection has fallen upon perhaps the most out and out Tory of the Tory party, whose views could not possibly be in accordance with col onies existing under Liberal government. Respecting the noble Earl, this is what ] Vani-y Fair said nearly twenty years ago. "Ho believes in the orignal Tory creed, ■ which teaches the maintenance of the prescriptive privilege of the intelligent and propertied few as the best method of governing the poor and unintelligent | many, and contains damnatory clauses for the masses who refuse to believe in, or be saved by it; aud now (1869) that that creed has been solemnly buried by its former professors, he walks like a grand and dignified political ghost among a backsliding generation." Twenty years, I am sure, lias not improved the j noble lord, so the colonies may hope for very little from his sojourn in Downing street. There is something in the selection of the Exhibition Commission which shows the Btrange tendency we have here to rush after a fashion. No one will cavil at the appointment of the President or Vice Presidents, but it must have amused those who have seen so much of . Mr. John Blyth in public since the present Ministry took office to fiud him amongst the choseD, and then to seek round for a reason for | his inclusion in the team. I suppose Mr. Byron Moore was drawn into the circle be cause he could not possibly be done with out. . For {some years Mr. B. Moore has been a fashion, aud while this is the case it is very dangerous to speak out, but nevertheless, one requires peculiar magni fying glasses to be able to discover the i wisdom which is supposed to reside under his hat. I notice that while Melbourne is very largely represented on the Com mission, Mr. Gillies has not remembered that the farmers should have some repre sentation there as well as commercial and pastoral men and politicians. It is stated in commercial circles that { the chief reason of the delay in the recent examination for University medical honors | was the failure of the ' University authori ties to obtain a " corpse" for the candi dates to operate on.' As usual, the autho rities showed a great lack of Worldly knowledge, for, if they had but inserted a shilling advertisement in the morning papers, they surely would have been quickly swamped with applications from people who either have dead or dying on hand. Considering there are so many thousands of mortality who sell their living friends for a (rifle, there would be no limit to the number ready " to turn over au honest penny" from deceased rela tives. I have heard of shabby things before now, but for utter meanness, commend me to the members of the Civil Service, who, not conteut with high salaries and impor tant official positions, try to supplement their incomes by doing a little private business after hours. Mr. Templeton, the chairman of the Public Service Commis sioners, was charged in the House last session with doing actuarial business for an Insurance Company in the evening, and he did not deny it when Mr. Service tackled him about it. Now 1 hear some young gentlemen, connected with one of the departments, eke out their salaries by means of reporting for the eveuing papers. A certain schoolmaster, who has a literary turn, may do and does any amount of contributing to the press, although in order to induce him to attend to his legiti mate business, he was seat tip country to a back woods district some years ago. This is bad enough, but what is to be thought of Ministers of the Crown clipping in and working for a few additional stivers weekly to their £1,500 er £2,000 a year. 0 tempora, O mores. The Trades' Hall Council are not a very happy family. Neither are they very grateful or considerate towards each other. By a series of adroit manoeuvres Mr. Murphy, the late secretary, has not only been deprived of office, but elbowed completely off the board. Now, Murphy has done yoemarx service for the trades in his time. Through his indefatigable exer tious the eight hours movement has be c <m.i general in the colony, and especially in Melbourne, and his capacity for organ ising has been shown in connection with many serious strikes. Whatever may be said of his manners and private ambition 1 do not believe he could be charged with waBt of loyalty towards those whom he served, while the trifling remuneration granted him was a mere bagatelle. During his temporary absence from town a meet ing wa3 held for the appointment of officers, and he was passed over, and the society which he represented having col lapsed, he is now occupying the position of a popular idol thrown from its pedestal in order that another, with less ability, but more of another quality, may be sub-1 stituted. Then, as to consistency. What | is to be thought of a public body that j deliberately passes a .resolution, condemna-j tory of the Melbourne Centennial Exhi bition, and whose president, a few days afterwards accepts a seat on the Royal Commission whose act is cordially endors ed by the very men who coutended that I the Exhibition was calculated to seriously j damage the interests of the working class in Victoria ? Tremendous accessions to the colonial j shoddy aristocracy are expected in con nection with the forthcoming exhibitions. Mr. Gillies is aware of this and is turning the situation to excellent account, politic ally speaking. Those who have returned from the Indo-Culonial Exhibition simple C.M.G's. will be certain to be K.C.M.G's, and the common lot who swim in without a haft or small tail to their names, will have every show of securing the required" adjunct. Sir Duncan Gillies will sound ! wild, so will Sir Alfred Deakin, the gog j and magog of the Conservative and Liberal parties in Victoria, while rowdy | Dow, C.M.G., will look really grand. Professor Pearson scoffs at a title so long as he is allowed to draw his screw and write on "culcha" for the periodical press. The celebrated Jimmy Thompson attached to Mr. Bosisto's suit is said to have provided himself with a Windsor uniform, so that he will be able to save time, expense and trouble, when requested to kneel down to receive some token of | Her Majesty's pleasure. It3 a fine coun try, this. Neveb Return'.—It is said that one out of I every feur real invalids who go to foreign , countries to .recover health never return, except as a course. The undertakers next to the hotel keepers, have the most profitable business. This excessive mortality may be prevented and patients saved and cured under the care of friends and loved ones at home, if they will but use American Co's Hop Bitters in time. Read. John Smart, aged 33, died at Port 4ugusta on Monday from sunstroke. Several children died on Yorke's Peninsula in consequence of the great heat last week. Two deaths from sunstroke occurediu Vic toria on Sunday, one at Camperdown and the other at Port Albert. 