"'LOYALTY,' SO LONG." S. t?e RdUor of the Queeasland Times., -Su,-" Loyalty" bapmade hisvalediotory. May our 1eees?reveetoate ic i?aeting peaste and jnuster app'eclations. 'We have borne each other's inflic tions without flinch or grimace. I hcpe the publio arpv not been a little interested in our cases.; nut I had 'wished his adieu had partaken less of the cha. racter of Jack Ketch tobhiepatient-pamely, himself ,and .myself .to bheren,but the careasses of my ause to penal punishments. At the start, he should not have sneered at ourlpawieh Nazareth; whencejlsued aonrwoieeagainst coercion. .Be should not have called our priests miscreants, even though he could name half.a.dozen Judases, nor.Irish public men sedjtions Aemsoggues; nor attacked os with boycott.open Book," Irish and Roman bhulls, and an alarm bell; nor resurrected Irish mrstaores rnor set the Citho lies foul of Popes for England, nor the Protestant. foul of those for Ireland. He seems to me to have Pope on the brain eery badly. His long labnpre have given to execration Pope, Popery. priest, and Paddy ; and now, with hisanguiahes at last given to the birth, he would have them shipped to the rock where England caged her greatest terror, the great French eagle. I'm afraid to say that he is as kind as a cow, but not that his leviathan is a huge blunder. It is at once leviathanle, Satanic, and tyranolc Pope Adian's bull is the trail of a red herring. I can't believe in it, nor many jurors with me. Rea. sone: In 1154. Henry, aged twenty, became King 'and'Adrian Pope. The alleged bull is dated 1165. BIeory was of the evil house of Angevin or Plantage net-a hame got in pilgrimage for enormities. The King's son. Richard, used to say, * From the devil we came, an~ to tbedevil we go..", This tpenty.one year princemnestpereade tho Popeedoated by the Irishman Mariana ScotnSe, the beet historian and amost learned man of the day) that he can subdue and reform Ireland I ManMorrogh got some Welsh knights to aeoure his own return to Ireland in 1169. soonu Henry ordered them back: but they pledged 'kini alsegisane as.Lord of Ireland, if he came to it. h-e sailed there with 400 ships in 1172, held his Court aiDtiblif and asynod in O(eheL Rleturing then home, and finding things unsettling in Ireland, like the sovereigns of those ages, he sought the Pope's help, and wrote to Alexander III. stating his con quest and reforms. The Pope wrote him a com. mebdationu ' wrote to the Irish princes, counselling conformity to the new order of thinge: and to the bishOipato osavoke a synod. With things thus ma. tared, Henry sprung, forths first time, his bull concealed from 1155 to 1175-upon the Irish synod at Waterford. So ?iury, then John and Edward II., in their several pinches, ran to the Pope for help Bruce baving evicted the Euglish from Scotland by anookburn in 1314. gave his hand to the Irish to sdo likewise. Cardinals and excommunication came, and thus the Irish princes addressed John XXII. " Our English reformers have deprived us of our virtues, and implanted their vices amongst us; wherefore, without the least remorse, while breath ytssnains. we shall attack them in defence of our best -ghbtsi."--Signed "Donald O'Neil, King of Ulster, ,eanwl laul heir to the throne of Ireland." The Irish .essr knew how to appreciate Papal polities and Cono .ataiute's myth. But as of old, so to-day, the Eng lish try to mnake the Pope their catepaw in Ireland. The Irish know their tionkey and his little games- sever confounding prince with Pope. 'Loyalty" now veers to the opposite quarter, and .quotes theTope as against England. To both sides the Pos must be shown a uaughty personage. The Irish had, in 1641, raised the standard for Ireland And King Charles. Ireland .had Lnr. Parliaments before and inea made .ubjecet-o rnglapd in Henry yVI 'a time. But,' Loyiaty' niow says that the f op' hadl thebdeek to ay thaet's Puarliament should be held in Ireland distinct from thatof England, and that the Catholic clergy should be socured their pro. perty. These, I hold, are two most correct things to say. In English history the Pope is a very bad sort of institution whenever giving costs and verdict against Engl sh ascendency men. Again, he quotes a bull in favour of the Pretender, dated 17290, instruct ing to raise men and money by the sale of Indulg. ense. Any Catholic can see the two horns of this beast, which show it to be of its parent-the father of lies. We know indulgenocesare not sold ; second, we know the Pope knew well we hadn't money then, that no Catholic could have a horse worth over £5, and that our best families only saved their remnants of property by trusting their title deeds and incomes to the honour of their I'rotestant friends. In better times, as in 1643, the Pope sent Ireland men and money, but the English weed of divide et icopera was too well rooted in the places of the " Pale." More over, Sir Jonah Barrington, page 190. says --"In 1715 and 1745, the ltritish and Scotch forgot their oaths of allegiance, the noltiest blood of Scotuland was poured out on the scaffold, the heads of Scottish peers were stuck upon the gates of London ; Britons in crowds expiated their disloyalty by the c, rd. But all through these wars English ingenuity could not find asaingleIrish traitor. Ireland preserved her loyalty during two rebellions, but gained neither favour nor character by the preservation. Her laud able fidelity was only rewarded by new oppressions and the incessant calumnies of that same people who seldom lost an opportunity of being themselves dis loyal." I'm therefore of opinion that Musgrave's plot is a myth, like so many of Elizabeth's "Spider Cecil's" plots, without a single Irish fly in either. But what about " the cruel and atrocious massacre of the Protestants so foully perpetrated by the Irish Catholics in the rising of 1641 ?" "Loyalty" most have seen the men that saw the men that threw up " three black crows." But it remains to me to soy, with Byron, "Bless me, how people propagate a lie " After terrible Strafford's departure, the Par liamentarians, Sirs Borlase and Parsons, ruled Ireland. It was time there was a rising. There, was, how ever, to begin with, a wanton and acknowledged massacre, by the garrison of Carricklergus, of the unoffendingofallagesandsexes, onIsland Magee. The Irish rising spread consternation among the "saints'" recent "undertakers" and Parliam',ntariane. It travelled to Yorkshire. According to N right's mendacious history or yarn, these remote English even thinking the Irish had crossed to cut their throats. Some Irish troops had crossed totlhe King's aid. Terrors and rumourse ran up the victims to 200,000, according to May; Milton Iconaclastea gives 154,000: Temple 150 some compounded with ignorance and prejudice for 50 000; Sir W. P-tty, 30,000. Dr. Warner, Protestant historian (in Dublin all the time), says, in his history of that civil war, page 296, "It is easy enough to demonstrate the falsehood of every falsehood ?rotestant historian of this rebellion." Dr. Lingard quotes the several despatches, letters, and commissions from the Irish Government to the English Parliament and Privy Council, &c.;, written during the outbreak. "They make no allusions to muorders, or do nso in terns plainly indicating there was no general massacre by the Irish." That profound historian, not a line of whose history has ever been questioned by modern research, argues, "If we consider the language of these despatches, who the writers, and what their interest in exaggerating the insurgent exceases, we mubt, I think, conclude that no general massacre had been made or attempted" by the Irish. The Irish vainly asked King and Parliament for inquiry in 1642, in 1646, in 1648. Cromwell's "slaughter. houses" opened it in 1652, and in all hanged 200. Notwithstanding that evidence gave hundreds of Protestant ghosts, for months together, shrieking vengeance, and making day and night hideous with brandishing swords, singing psalms, and demanding blood. Rushworth, Whitlock, Leland,. Warner, Carte, Clarendon, Morrison, Borlase, Nalson, &u.;, &o.;, I can quote. showing the atrocities on the other aide. Rushworth quotes 'he Parliament try journals ordering no quarter on land or sea to the Irish enemy. Leland, vol. v. chap. iv., says, "The ob ject was the utter extirpation of all the Catholics of Ireland." Warner, page 176-" They hoped for the utter extirpation not only of the mere Irish, but of all the English families that were Catholic." Dr. Nalesn says, vol. ii., " When the soldiers were rei monstrated with for their indiscriminate slaughter of age and sex, they replied, " The nits vwill be lice, and so dispatched them." All my authorities are Protestant contemporaries. It was unfortunate that "Loyalty" made that thrust of his at us. Let him look now at his own features in the glass. The long story of Ireland is "Behold the heir; let us kill him, that the inherit ance may be ours." They confiscated 15,500,000 acres, Cromwell reserving to himself all County Tip perary. Let me thrash this affair out thoroughly. 'By second Anne : Papist clergymen comling into Ite land,and performing religious exercises, to be hanged. Eighth Anne: Fifty pounds reward for informers against archbishops and vicars-general. Twelfth George I.: Any Catholic clergyman marrying a Catholic to a Protestant, to he hanged. Twenty. ninth George II.: Barristers and attorneys obliged to waive their privilege and betray their clients, if Papists. (In this reign, Lord Chancellor Bowes and Chief Justice Robinson said (Scully, 333)-" The law did not suppose any such rerson as an Irish Roman Catholic to exist.") By William Ill.: No Papist to be aent out of Ireland for education, and no Protest ant to instruct a Papist. Eighth Anne: No Papist allowed to instruct another. (Sir Jonah Barrington's summary, 191.) Thus our alternatives were the open Book or closed schools, closed Parliament, closed civil service, closed civil rights, closed every thing. Let present fair words to us grow sweet verdure on the dead past, else horrid social spectres. In 1652 the Parliament Commissioners issued a pro clamation, signed Fleetwood. Ludlow, and Jones, Dublin, enforcing 27th Elizabeth, by which every Romish priest found was to he deemed a rebel, and sentenced to drawing, hanging. quartering, and spiking the head in some public place. In 1657 this penalty and confiscation was extended to any not discovering if they knew where a priest was hiding. (Corry. 392.) The interior horreors of these enactments are appal. ling. Yet people talk of Huguenote, Bernard Pal. issy, and bloody Queen Mary ! Why, the horrors of any one year's Irish evictions would condone them all. Even the great Bishop Berkeley described the .landlords of his day asof "vulturine beak and iron claws." Dean Swift, in his "Modest Proposal." offered them, as less horrible, 100.000 babes, to be fattened and offered as food to landlords, as the amount of their annual destructiveness to Ireland, to be thus turned to some national use; and says "A stranger in Ireland will hardly think himself in a land where either law, religion, or common humanity is professed." Great Jehovah! what cant and carnage have not disciple' of the open Book mingled with Your name, O Christ Behold how Your so-called Christians "have loved one another I" You bade us lay down our gifts by Your altars, and go first to be reconciled to our brothers: but we ransack, plot, and conjure up futures of Popery garbled history-to excite us to blood. Great is the race of Cain I The great Irish massacre was the echo of the "Proud Invader's" own perpetrations. The Irishman has been beggared by confiscations, and then respectability by birth or the usuries of trade and professions cite their wealth to him and selves to prove their faith. They marvel asud are ill at ease that a poor fleeced outraged Irishman can not accept their Scripture readings and purereligion, and takes his faith from priests rather than from his rack-renters and wage-bosses. The difference be. tween man and woman is so great that one cannot conceive ; so the Protestant can't realise to himself how the poor Irish can conceive the superoaturalness of faith, and perpetuate it from generation to gene. ration. The golden egg of Irish lays he cannot understand. His masters, religious moral and social respectability, the Irishman heeds not: bat their political and religious prescriptions are for ever threatening present truce, to start again the old enad eras on him. The Bible and packed history is again being invoked to accentuate coming politics and piety. It is not irreligion that is to be evangelised. ho crusade is to head against advancing Romanism. The scandals of ages are to be mounted from which to beat it down. The filth of the daughter of Sion is to flood the school, anud again the Catholic is to be bchooled against his faith and fatherland in the name of Christ. "Loyalty" could not leave the Catholic Bible till he would shadow it by his owb. Be says that for "those who labour" it is swetr to h ar " I will give you reet" than the Catholic word "I will re. frish you." I go in for" refreslhig." which is both ,est and comfort. But why has his sweet Book to be revised? Why now are the Germans revising theirs? They find that Luther's disciplea laughed not in vain at his blunders, But what about the wilful perversions of his texts? His Book must he haid on some recommendations. Learning and in tegrity ought to be among them. St. Augustine would not have the Book without the Church's in fallible guarantee. But "every man to his taste," as tipsy said when he kissed the lamp post. The mind is formed for faith, and, if it can't get truth, it swallows lies ravenously. Just think of Mrs. Edith chucking us with the following:-" She cursed her Creator, who thereupon filled her soul with love andil peace, and sealed it for His own. She heard rins through her soul 'Daughter of sorrow and darkness, sin and shame, thy sins are all forgiven; go sand teach the world the lessons thou hast been toaught' She is no "polluted Holy Father streams." She goes over the world where there is money. Yet this brave, bold, almighty-dollar grubber fails to ask an American jury for the thousands she gave to her convent-she who asks us to boycott nuns by cut ting olff their supplies and pursuing them with law and evil report. Too often is Scripture history and biography "wrenated to destruction," and made to incite to war upon the images of God. Religious and national clasp-trap must be dreaded as the "Greeks bearing gilts" to Trou. A just and bene. ficent system of history for youth and the superficial public is a vast dosideratumn of the snpremest im portance, and requires generalship heyond the biggest armies. The public mind should not, above all things, be prejudiced and abused by the great teach ings of the past. In fact or parable, Sir W. Rateigh, in plotting his history of the world in the Tower, shows how history is often made by relating the different versions of the same fact, given at dinner by the various witnesses at tneir several prison win dows. A recent Pall Mall shows, also, how history is made. It quotes Cnhobbett defending himself from sedition in 1821, quoting a letter, by permission, of a noble lord on tlhe Bench, and, with the writer's permission, showing how the elder Walter, of the imes of 1810, complained of only getting the niggardly sum of £700 for libelling the Prince of Wales and Duke of York. A good sany people know of Pitt's little games at Court, which the then young and liberal princes didn't admire, and for which the empire paid dear. Having now treated " Loyalty" to quid pro quo, I commend our retirement to the sentineluhip of "Fair Play." I am not out again till Ireland is floundering in the Boyne, the British Constitution in danger, or the Prince of Wales King of France. I request men of little knowledge to remember that it is a very dangerous thing, and therefore not to pre sume resolving great social and religious problems with bigoted party nostrums, or to misrepresent causes, places, and persons in the parade of their little "brief authority." "Loyalty" and I may moot again at Philippi in phillipics. Yours, deeply obliged, SUAUGHRAUN. 