A Terrible Sacrifice. CHAPTER I. A iEETIN?Q. :TI;E dust lay thick upon the worthless furniture in the old tumble-down room. Mhice found it a pleasant and undisturbed play-ground, and had noisy, delicious games over the worn chairs and in and out of the crumbling wainscot and boards. The whole house--Kibey's Hall, as it was called -was in need of repairs and renova tions far greater than its owner's purse could afford; but this especial room was in worse preservation than any of the rest, for this was the room that was called hamunted. Here the dignified lady all in white, a few encumbrances in the shape of chains about her, was wont to take her nocturnal exerciso. Some of the villagers said they had seen her, and not one of the few servants Mr. Dosnay could now afford to keep would put his or her head inside that room after dark for love or money. No doubt the mice helped greatly in keeping up the apartment's reputa tion. Mr. Dosnay laughed scornfully at the ghost; and as he was not fond of letting his eyes feast upon the dilapidations of his ancestral dwelling, he preferred such rooms as were moderately preserved and comfortable. So this old dining-hall, as it had once been, remained shut up, dedicated to the mice, and shunned by humanity even by broad daylight, and shuddered at when the shades of evening fell t:hick upon it as they we'e falling now. Hark! something moved outside that fast-closed door! Someone turned its handle slowly but surely! SInch by inch it opened cautiously; then, into the dark, cold space stepped a female form, clad all in white. The moonbeams shining through the cob webbed window fell on the glimmer of her gown and the fairness of her face . as she turned it cautiously from side to side, and the mice scurried before \- her timid steps. ' Are you there, Leigh ?' she said, in a whisper, not devoid of 'fear. And then, out from the apartment's Sdarkest corner, came a stalwart, quickly moving figure, who caught t·he lady in his arms, and kissed her without more ado. 'Oh, darling.!' he said; and there was nothing spectral about his voice, no chains about her save those of love. S'Oh, Leigh, for one dreadful moment I thought you had not come!' she s·aid, when his passionate kisses a llowed her to speak. 'You timid little thing, I believe y ou are half afraid of the ghost your Sself i' the young man laughed. 'I? should be wholly afraid if you "were not here,' she returned, with candour. I am glad the etiquette of coirting bbliges'you to be first at iour tryst.' It is love, not etiquette, hastens mjy footsteps! Let me look at you, :' Georgie. As far as I can see, you look more enchanting than ever !' 'Don't strike a light, then, in case the enchantment; be broken!' she laughed. But the match was ahlready struck, and by the light of one dim candle he held aloft, Loigh Musgrave surveyed the graceful figure and exquisite face. It throw a light upon himself, too; and Georgie gazed with pride upon his fine erect figure, his well-shaped head, his pleasant dark eyes, and the face whose chief beauty was its charming smile. ' I like the look of you, dear,' she murmured, quaintly. 'One candle is rather a good light for you, Leigh; it softens your defects.' ' What must it be to you, then, who have no defects,' he uttered passion ately. It was a lover's speech, but it con tained more truth than the average of such things, for in Georgio Dosnay's personal appearanc there scarcely was a defect. She was the belleo of South M-shlire. Her figure had a grace and a lightness about it oven more delicious than its perfect outlines and rounded symmetry; slhe was tall, but not too tall; slight, but not skinny. Her face was very fair, crown'ed with hair of brightest brown (hair that waved without curling-pinsa or I irons), lighted up by sweet, soft, dooeep gray eyes; brightened by pearly teeth, snd most bewitching dimp!es. F?eminine critics said such a dazzingly-clear, exquisitely-tintedcom plexion could not be wholly natural; but soap and water were its only beautifiers; powder and paint were not needed by such delicate colouring. She was dressed in a white gown of some soft stuff; her neck and arms were uncovered and unadorned by a vestige of jewellery; one white rose bud nestled in her hair. 'Why this gala attire ?' asked the inspector. 'I am to meet a favoured suitor this evening,' she replied. ' You have met him ah'lready,' said he. 'Ah, one- the one that I favour! Half an hour later at dinner I am to meet the one my father favours. He is a baronet, Leigh!' 'Georgie, I can't stand this.' 'My dear, Jou can't sit down upon these crumbling chairs, and the floor is so mousey,'-looking round. . If I thought I had one reason for jealousy !' 'Ah, but that is just what you haven't! That is just why you are really a fortunate man in spite of everything.' ' You are the dearest, sweetest- - ' Say angel; don't stop at truth on an occasion like this.' ' You are an angel in my eyes.' 'Perhaps, Sir James's orbs will suffer from the same peculiarity of vision,' she murmured, mischievously. 'Sir twho?' the young man cried sharply. 'Leigh, dear, don't bite me. Sir James IMayne is going to dine with us to-night. For his sake I am clad, as you see, in a new gown. It is of the most inexpensive material my father could buy, but it is astually brand new.' Musgrave uttered something which might have been a smothered oath; and after that there was a little silence, broken plaintively by Gcorgie. 'Leigh, are you aware how fast the time is going, and you are utilizing it in no way ? You are saying nothing to me.' 'Georgie, if I thought that man might be my successful rival-' 'You have no rivals. How, then, could he be successful ?' He smiled in spite of himself, and drew her, all unresisting, into his arms again. 'Is that true ?' he whispered softly. ' Do I reign unrivalled in your heart ?' ' You put it poetically, but the fact remains. Oh, Leigh !'-fervently and suddenly lifting her lips to his,-'you know you are all the world to me! Do I not give proof daily, hourly of my love ?' 'I am a brute to doubt you, and that is the truth!' I cannot contradict truth; and of course you must know best what you really are,' she smiled. Her quaint brilliancy was more attractive than her beauty. She went on: 'I will tell you a truth, and that is that this Baronet is already a* repugnant-a loathsome thing to me! Although I have not seen him, I hate him. First, because he is my father's choice for me; and secondly that, because he has seen me, and had the impertinence to admire me-' 'Does he admire you ?' '~Could anyone help doing so, do you think?' she returned, modestly. ' No; upon my life I don't, and that is why I suffer torments. And now I have to leave you, with this man about, and your father's influence and. everything prejudicial to me.' ' Leave me ?' she cried, in affright. ' What do you mean, Leigh ?' ' The regiment is ordered to Stowe. We go next Monday.' 'And for how long shall you be away ?' 'I cannot say. Weo may never be quartered here again,' he replied, drearily. 'Oh, Leigh, I cannot live without you !' She uttered the words in a little wail, her arms clinging round his neck, her eyes trying to keep back the tears so ready to flow; and he could only caress and try to soothe her as best he might, for it was very hard on them both this secret engagement this great fond love, and nothing to marry upon-hothing before them but waiting or separation. 'I shall get leave sometimes, and come here always, of course; and when I get my promotion, Georgie- ' ' Yes darling. Oh, if there could but be an epidemic in your regiment, that would take off all your superior officers !' 'And give the subs a chance!' he laughed. 'I don't nmind anything much, Georgie, so long as I have the certainty of your love and constancy.' 'I vow you that, Leigh. Stowe is rather a gay place; balls and such things will be going on. Mind Ziour heart does not be led astray.' ' Where could it find an idol to com pare with you ?' 'Some wise man says something about 'the lips that are nearest.' When mine are miles away, Leigh, be very careful never to feel attracted towards any others. I believe I have it in me to be fearfully jealous.' 'I am very glad you care so much about me.' 'You little mknow how much I do care, Leigh!' From the inhabited portion of the house arose the sound of a gong. Georgo started. 'How the time flies! I must go, dear; dinner is ready, and the Baronet has arrived. I must go!' ' To flirt with him!' 'Leigh set his teeth. 'If you say such things, think such things, you are unworthy to hold another tryst with me, oven in a lumber-room!' The young lady spoke severely. ,'I will give you a promise, if you like, that I will say no wfords to this creature that you might not hear!' 'I am not noble enough to refuse such a promise. It will comfort me when-' 'You are having fine jokes at mess to-night. Oh, Leigh, darling, I must go !' 'You will meet me hero to-morrow ?' 'Yes, dear; without fail!' Then he. held her in his arms, kissing her again and again, as if he could never let her go, until she tbre herself away; and when she had vanished through the door, nothing remained to him but to depart as he had entered-through the window. Georgie Dosnay went swiftly to the drawing-room, only pausing for an instant before the old mirror in the hall, to make sure that her dress was not crushed, or her hair disarranged. She looked fresh, and sweet, and fair, so she entered the room composedly. It was comfortable in a shabby way, with many relies of faded grandeur about it. A fire and numerous candles were doing their best to make it look cheerful, and Mr. Dosnay stood upon the rug tallking to his honoured guest. At first sight of him Georgie gave a start, then a blush suffused her face; and as her father performed the intro duction she seemed tongue-tied. But the Baronet took her little hand eagerly, and seemed to think her agitation a compliment to himself. 'I never saw such a likeness in my life!'thegirlmurmuredtoherself; then, as Sir James smiled, she added, ' There! it (has gone entirely now-vanished! What an extraordinary thing !' Dinner went off vei'y pleasantly; and afterwards Mr. lDosnay, with many apologies, effaced himself be hind some business papers, and left Sir James the monopoly of his daughter. This was what the guest desired,, and the hostess dreaded. 'I have a darling project in my head, Miss Dosnay!' said Sir James, bending his sleek head very near to Georgie's.' She drew her fairer one away. 'I am always so thanlkful I am not deaf; aren't you?' said she. ' My hearing is wonderfully acute; if you sat at the farther end of the room, and I here, I should hear every word without trouble. Would you like to try ?'-innocently. 'Thanks, no; the conversation would scarcely be so interesting to me. Shall I be sure of your sympathy if I unfold my project ?' 'I don't know. I fear I am not a very sympathetic person. My father would be more likely to have tastes in common with you, I think.' Sir James, regarding the perfect face, forbode to be angry. 'I am going to have a house full of company next month. I hope you and your father will honour me by being among my guests ?' ' If your house is full, you won't want us,' she cried, quickly. 'My house would not be filled, to my satisfaction, without you, Miss Dosnay.' (To be contiuead.) 