Plays and Playgoers, " Yotrim merrily, Jno. R. Rogers," the genial and mueh-travellod manager of the Minnie Palmer Company, writos in terestingly on the criticisms whieh are constantly being directed against the stage as'an educational influence. After quoting some of the moBt recont of these criticisms to which pubUoity has been given in Australia, Mr. Rogers proceeds to give the public the benefit of his own experience and opinions:—" As for the complaint that a manager produces plays for profit," he says, " I agree. A manngor is a commercial man who engages in a business of speculation, and of course is of no consideration to the public. Tf he provides what they affcot, they will..pa tron iso his playhouso and they will pay what ho demands. If ho bores them, ho may go and starve for all they euro ; bub I may point out that in its entire history there never lias been a time when the atngo has not boon oxposod to the severest "condemnation which our language ia capable of expressing. It has always been giving up the ghost, always doad or worthy of death, but the drama is a vital principle, and must survive all .vicissi tudos as long as civilisation endures. Still, from the temper of tbotlmos, mana gers must abandon the forlorn hope of pnmpering the faint appetite of the • nnholarlv class' and administer to the moro vigorous domands of tho putmo ns. contra-distinguished In their oollootlvo oapnolty from ootorlos, oliques nnd orltlos. Formerly the first thing to be con sidered was tho fastidiousness and oaso of the higher rnnks ; now it is tho tasto nnd convenience of tho million—for to thnt It comes, Tho offoot of this discovery unon tho quality nnd ohnrnotor of theatrical ( entortalnmonts cannot bo disguised or ovadod, It has very considerably modi fied thorn, drawn thorn down from tho naked heights they onoo occupied, and brought them nonror to tho hoarts and Intelligences of tho million. Tho old I stage grandeurs, tho lofty solemnities, tho i dignified legitimacy so full of awo and power of a gravo kind will no longor pay I —except for an oeoaslonal fluttor, Tho I manager who should dopond solely upon snob sources for tho success of hlsspeott- I latlon must mako up his mind to oxpond | his capital and to close his doors. This Is i no discredit to either Shukosponro or to Australian playgoers In eonunon with all [ playgoers. Changes hare passed over tho world, and It Is nuoossary to adapt our ttolvos to them. Shakespeare, who Is mil- I vorsal and as Indopoudont of modes and j customs as human genius depleting tho passions of life through human oharao torlsatlon can he, must always survive , our theatres, IHit .Shakospoaru alone and tho whole of the wonderful brotherhood .of tho old drama in Ills train cannot koop thorn onori, " Tt 1h u 11 vory woll for tho 4 onlfcurocl1 to prattle In prettily Lemuel HontouooH oil tho drumatlo wealth whloh linn burlod on climty IiooUhIioIvoh i hut managorH mimt l'oaognl.Mu the; faot that an art, In oummon with everything olno >vo nuo around um, oarrlon within it from It.n birth tho dlnonnn from whloh It will ovontually illu. Tho oal< grown from a need to a plant, from a plant to a trim ; thou uouum doatli, and andd tho rotting ruotn tho aoorn In again planted, Tho ldntory of ovory art tolla tho Maine ntory, Tho drool; play wan tho MUbllino fruit of tho navago uttoranouH of tho rhapHodlntn ; tho lurid grandour of tho HhalcoMpoaiIan drama wan horn of tho myHtlohim of tho mlraolo play | both woro ovolvod through an logloal a no(|iionoo of ovoutM an tho formation of tho dlll'oront Htvata, and both havo ovontually dlod booauno thoy havo llrod, Thou, to what oonolunlon aro wo Irronlntlhly brought? Thin i that modern playgoor.i want an anLurt.ninmont that nhall ronpond to tho oxlntlng oondltlon of mankind, to tho progronn of tho world, to tho rapid uttor anoon of that nolllloul and noolal uplrlt wliloli lian broken tin old forum and in Htamplng a now vitality upon tho world, 44 llyHtorloal wrltorn may aoouno tho modorn plavgoor of a tondonoy to I'hllln tlnlnm, and oortalnly thoy uro not an (lotion, Thoy llvo In a world of wrong 111 licit of Morrow, and thoy group oagorly at a inoinont'M oMoapo | and why nhould thoy not? ITovldud alwayn that ho payu JionoHtly at tlui door—>4 not Mitouklng In inoanly with an ordor '--a man who payM ban a right to dlotato to manugorn what kind of amunomout nhould ho provldod for his delectation. Ho may , i trusted to know what ho likes W fit* rtlnvltnnan nvlnh< \- —n...1-: him the playhouse exists, and ItijL p supports it._ Jn tho interest o| ( dramatio art, tho now general a I lion of airy trifles for gloomy U may bo a departuro that is te„ ( but, in torma of the French qrVl that lias never yet been answer)'* ■vouloz vims?" Tho publio will for tho real fact la that tho avem» ir goer is intensely human. The 'ci,|£t, and refined intelligence' may rc\eiaf-4 periods of Gibbon, but the m&tai; _ not regard a perusal of' The Dech-.J Fall' in any other light but tMiJU penance. For tho majority do n't in a hothouse, subsisting on iiory ft. amidst tho siokly scents of odom$$ ties. Tho majority eat beef amUV'K beor, and thoy aro of the kind laughter and prefor phantasies by Gill and pantomimes by Maltbyoj to tho turgid, tumid tragedy thr{ boen dead for yoars, Because, wh those things are art or aro not, fe cllstlnotly and oortainlv provocating, laughter, and with all the rep-Vi ( whioh English-speaking poople toil the oontlnent for melancholy, win that tono of sadness which pervndaj poetry, no audlonoes havo over cMJ suoh a hearty love of fun as tho Ei-J playgoer " Sympathy with all forms of hi-i character and llfo and with the i moving face of Inanimate nnturo il bo a gonoral emotion, ami it is' common than la usually supposed,, oven pieces which nro called trifling.!; thorasolves to mako It ao, Triflesatn tiny axles on which turn tho vnstut which keop the universe in motk ncccllo, not a bar of iron, guides marinor ovor the wlldornoas of wc Onoo upon a tlmo thoro was a king t lost his hoacl in more aonses thano:j roason of so paltry a sum as ships;; Ono of tho most dollghtEul ot Sri® spoaro's oomodioa is ' Muah Ado Ai $ Nothing.' it Is no argument stfrM Milton'B ' Paradise Lost' that tb>t pondous "ooourronoo it colebvatesfM their origin in tho unlawful entriK'u an apple. Neither Is it jioce.«i/»'' mako swooping assertions In vespers tho futility of tho stage booauso bug not learning Is desiderated by thee ( and provided by tho playwright,I'V^S! and manngors, 'l'lso tlioatro, even h trilling, ps'ovidos puro amusement (il tyg masses who oan bo appealed to n other woy. Their oholoo oE rolim lies between Use playhouso and tin; llo-lioiiso, and while tho theatre e people out of tho tavorn, IE it ci-swa elaiin to ins a toaolsor, it at least cu hj tho reproach of bolilg a toy, When !J^f and woman lod loss anxious, less li nns livos than thoy do now, theyr. alVord to sit out plays wliioli kojits.. (don on tho ulorfc and exacted thoiip tho oontonsplatlon of them, lUstw® ......... i,„u nrlson. Afterab m Iff m m Km k order of thfiijjH Iuin mison, Alters;'®?; dn.vVt work pooplo hnvo its Ifttlo sttfii ah Inollnutlon for tho oiiJoyniuntolK Hont.iitioii.s whloh olthur Inwro*'»jgj foollityn with Hiiporlliioiin Harrow ort tholr iiiIiuIm In tho mood of too rip oliHoi'viitloii, It Im hititfhtor ' not 11 tho iiuniHomciiit-Hookliif; piihlio « nature Ih looking on lit tlio pit, tlioaj and tho drofiM-olrolo, itnii 11' a iiiva| allowed It n I'liolop'rujili oC It.iulf, Who up In Indignation iviul i;o lioiitufe® nhtiHO him, |M " Tlx, fil riipplo for oxlHtuiuw Inn ff WiJ morn bit tor with tho oonttirini, rut I», y AH IlUlllHIl 1'OIIMOII Oltll oolllpl'lllioil'l ll ' We,^ lioooino ovon inoro hlttor im tin * V wnj.fn on, ooieimpionfly tho llrliter| (i'a our thontroM play tho nmi'ti .nihitiw)'^ ho tholr liilliioitoo, mid tho f J ^ will (hoy p million to phiyitoei'i oii'I/to!') Iiotifio proprletora ullko, Hyi'onf- Pr,%'i iM.MthotoM liuvo nlwny.'i mid will ''''JM altuolc wbntuvnr form of art I*h'fcffl hut, thoynhoiihl hiodtidn holViroo.<|""rMj a too novum oondoinimtIon of u form of iiiiiiiiioiiifiiif wliloh nut)' Horvo Homo pood ptirpiwo, while It if'bffl l poiitillily a (font nit ovll omi, Miionf'i#! I nil My Hwciohmirt, Tho Mnpl'tmtt', & HolioolntlHtroiifi, vt hoo t/t'iuu tivuintj || nn'ofdod, uttd will itI, nn '"* ntttotiul, of puro ploHHiiro to im ht,ia* able itttmhor of jilonsttto-HCokm^ , know III flu and oiwo tomi uhoiit <■ Shaken.xiaro or tho titunlnevl iflinow to way that our thuntrew, 'yi; ditoln/f tliomi pluyit nllWd mil row* *| to miuiy woury ittliidfi, nolthnr ■' I olovntoii, In iiotlt oruol mid iiihhiov , a 