\ METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. There is nomethiog in tho selection of the Exhibition Commission which shows the strange tendency we have here to rash after a fashion. No one will cavil at the appoint went of (ho President or Vicc-President b, but it must have amused those who hare «een so much of Mr. John Blyth in public Since the present Ministry took office to find him amongst the chosen, and then to seek round for a reason for his inclusion in the toam. I suppose. Mr. Byron Mjore wa drawn into the circle bocauso he could not possibly be done without. For some years Mr. B. Moore has been a fashion, and white this is the case it is very dangerous to speak out, but nevertheless, one requires peculiar magnifying glasses to bo able t j discover the wisdom which is supposed to reside nnder His hat. I . notice that while Melbourne is very largely represented on (he Commission, Mr. Gillies has not remembered that the farmers should have some representation nore as well as commercisl and pastoral men and politicians. Moreover, why should the municipal corporations be bo ignored? TheBo bodias have the means of furnishing' most useful exhibits, and, to Becuro their active corporation, it might be well to ap point ono or more of the town clerks of the municipalities in and around Melbonrne to Boats on tho Oommieoion. The Trades' Hall Council sro not a very hippy family. Neither are they very grate ful or consistent even towards each other. By a series of adroit manoeuvres Mr. Murphy] the late secretary, has not only btea de prived of office, bnt elbowed completely off the board. Now, Murphy has done yeoman service for the trades in his time. Through his indeflgsble exertions, the eight honrs' movement has become general in the colony and especially in Melbourne, amd his capacity for organising has been shown in connection With many serious strike?. Whatever may be said of his manners arid private ambition, I do ne t believe he could be charged with want of loyalty towards those whom he served, while the trifling remuneration granted him was a mere bagatelle. During his temporary absence from town, a meeting was held for the appointment of officers, and jie was passed over,'and the solely which he represented having collapsed,, he j, now occupying the position of a popular idol thrown from its pedestal , in order that another, with less ability, but . more of another quality, may b» substituted. Then, as to consistency. What is to be thought Of a public body that deliberately pS9gca ? resolution, condemnatory of the Melbourne Oentmniul Exhibition, and whose President, a fejr days afterwards, accepts a ec&b; on the Boyal Commission and whose act ift cordially endorsed by the very men who contended that tho Exhibition was calculated to seriously damage the interest of (he working classes iu Viotoria ? ■ c Tremendous occasions to tho colonial shoddy aristocraoy ore expected in connec tion with the forthcoming exhibitions. Mr, Gillies is aware of this • andis: turning the situation to excellent account, politically speaking. Those who have returned from the Indo-Colonial Exhibition simple C. M. ft's will be certain to be K.C.M.G.'s, and the in without a haft or ba7o,evor^ iug tlTe required adjunct. Sir Duncan Gillies will sound well, so will Sir | Alfred Deakin, the Gog and Magog of the the Conservative and Liberal parties in Vic- I twa, while rowdy Dow, C.M.G., will look r. ally grand. Professor Pearson scoffs at a| title eo long as he. is allowed to draw bis screw nrd write on I "culcha" for the 1 periodical press. The celebrated Jimmy Thompson attached to Mr. Bosisto's suite, is j siidto have provided himself with a Windsor | uniform, eo that he will be able to save time, expense, and trouble, when requested to I kneel down to receive some token of Her | Majesty's pleasure. Its a 6ne country, this. It seems likely that after a good deal of I shilly-shallying we are to have the Earl of Carnarvon once more aB Secretary of State for the Colonies, There is not muob cause | for illuminations or the throwing up of hats, for the seleotion has fallen upon perhaps the most out and out Tory of the Tory party, I whose views could not possibly be in accor dance with colonies existing tinder Liberal government. Respecting the noble Earl, this is what Vanity Fair said nearly twenty years Bgo: " He believes in the original Tory oreed, which teaches the maintenance of the prescriptive privileges of the intelligent and propertied few as the best method of govern ing the. poor and unintelligent mary, and contains damnatory clBUBes for the masses | who refuse to believe in, or be saved by it; and now (1869) that that creed has been solemnly buried by its former professors,' he walks like a grand and dignified political ghost amoDg a backsliding generation." Twenty years, I am sure, has not improved i tfle noble lord, so the. colonies may hope for very little3 from his sojourn in" Downiog •trect. It is stated, in commercial circles that the chief reason of the delay in the recent i examination for University medical honors was the failure of the University authorities to obtain a " corpse " for tho candidates to 9perate on. As usual, the authorities showed a great lack of worldly knowledge, for, if j they had but inserted a shilling advertise-1 ment in the morning papers, they surely would have been quickly swamped with I applications from people who either have | dead or dying on hand. Considering there are so many thousands of mortality who sell their living friends for a trifle, there would j bono limit to tho number ready " to turn over an honest penny" from deceased relatives. I have board of shabby things before now but for utter meanness, commend mo to the I members of the Civil Service,'.who, not con tent with h:gh salaries and important official positions, try to supplement their incomes by doing a littlo private business after hours. Mr. Templeton, the chairman' of the Publio Service Commissioners, was charged in the House hit session with-doing actuarial busi ness for an Insurance Company in tae even ing, and he did not deny it when Mr. Service tackled him about it. Now I hear some young geotlemen, connected with one of the departments, eke out their salaries by means of reporting for the, evening papers. A certain schoolmaster, who has a literary turn, may do and does any amount of con tributing to the press, although,'in order I to' induce him to attend to his legitimate business, he was sent up country to a back ! woods district some years ago. This is bad enough, but what is to be thought of Ministers of the Crown clipping in, and working for a few additional stivers weekly to their £1,300 or £2,000 a year, 0 tempore 0 mom. 