1 THE;SUO¥S''r CH Uffl&H.; : v " WELCOMETOVDBji CAm£bON:'LEE& -I ' ). Asocial evening was. hold irrjthe Hall, Collins-street east, last ' evening, tc welcome the Rev. Dr. Cameron Leee, of St Giles's, Edinburgh, who has assumed the pas torate of Scots' Church- Thero was a largo attendance. The Rev. J. G. Mackte, moderator of tho Melbourne Presbytery, presided. The proceedings were opened by the singing of a hymn, and thoRev. J. G. Paten, moderator of tho General Assembly, offered up prayor. The Chairman 6aid a fow words would suffioo to explain the aim and object of the gathering. -As soon as it was'sscortained that the Rev. Dr. Lees had accepted', tho invitation sent to him / 'from tho Scots' Church tho presbytery unani mously resolved to accord him a hearty welcome on bis arrival. Thoy found pleasure in tho prospeot of meeting ono so favorably ' known and so successful as a minister- of tjto Gospol of tho Lord Jesaa Christ For that reason, and becanss-he was a distinguished citizen of thb illustrious capital of Scotland, the presbytery wished to extend to liim a cordial -greeting, and also because he was the- ambassador to the Rrinco of Peace, going to join in the interests of the church, and sacri ficing so much' to corn tho beatitude of tbo Peacemaker. (Applause.) The Melbourne Presbytery were gathered that evening to show by their collective presence and to say through their representativo speakers that thoir ono wish with regard to Dr. Cameron Leos was that his mission might be crowned with complete -success, and that bis sojourn might result in restoring tbo peace snd goodwill and tho eminent prosperity that characterised tbo church - in days -of yore. (Applause.) Itwas in that spirit that they welcomed him. Dr. Cameron Lees cams amongst them as a leading minister of the Established Church of Scotland ; ho camo charged with an interesting, and he might say uniquo, mission ; ho cameos a chosen maa of the congregation with whom ho would chieflyhaveto deal, and he was the welcome, honored guest of tho Melbourne Presbytery. (Applause.) Under the circumstances they wero en titled to anticipate and believe that tbo Rev. / Dr. Cameron Lees would be able under God's guidanoo to accomplish tbe glorious end which brought him hither. Tho doctor might have hoard that the Melbourne Presbytery was in its ministerial aspect a rather composite body ; but he took it that Dr. Cameron Loss was too sago a man to think that composite meant conflicting. When the poet laureate wrote tho ode to tbe Princess of Wales— Saxon and Nonnati and Dane arc we, But all of us Danes In our welcome to theo, he did not think that any one would venture the parody — Scotch Kirk, Irl«h and Freo and U. P., Wo are all Scutc-i Kirk In our welcome to tlico. Ho had been a long time in Victoria, and. always in the Presbyterian Churoh of Victoria ; but ono of his neighbors at St KUda said tho other day that ha never kuew till thon that he belonged to the Established Church of Scotland. He merely montioned tho fact to show how little was made of seotioual differences among6t them. When the presby tery said they would do him tho honor of presiding tho remark was made that he would represent the Established Church of Scotland He could tell them that he loved the church with all tho love possible, and honored her with ail the reverence that was duo from one not altogether unfamiliar with tho history and doings of her cultured sodb. Evon if he were to aspire to regard himBelf as in any way the representative of the Established Church he would distinctly rofuso to limit his representative capacity ovon to that. Ho represented tho church of Viotoria. (Applause.) He represented an important number of that church, and was at tho present time the sec retary of a body whioh would appear mora visible to tho publio eye by-aud-bye. Ho meant tho Colonially Ordained Ministers' Association. (Applause.) If bo represented any section, I10 preferred to bo regarded in that respect ; aud, if Dr. Lees only prolonged his stay until the assembly mot he wonld bring him face to face with an assembly that would sbow him tho sort of stuff colonially made ministers were made of. (Applause.) Thoy would have no chance whatever of competing with the men who had passed through tbo Victorian Hall and trained in colonial society. In conclusion, bo hoped the various speakers would try and press their rhetorics into the spaco . of fivo minutes. The Rev. Dr. Hacdon&ld; said it was not inap propriate that ho should bo one of the first to welcome the Rev. Dr. Lees. Thoy had it on no less au authority than the Rev. Mr. Hay that it was at hie (tho speaker's) suggestion that tbe Roy. Dr. Lees was invitott to this colony. Ho also happened to hail, as Dr. Lees did, from tbo western seaboard of tbe grand old oounty of Ross, in tho Western Highlands, aud doubtless tho presbytery thought that if their welcome was first spoken in tones which long ago had been familiar to Dr. Lees it would sound all tho kindlier in his ears, and by reminding him of the homo of his childhood give him a feeling that ho bad not fallen altogether amongst strangers, but had como among brethren, friends and countrymen. (Applause.) There were in the Melbourne Presbytery repre sentatives of all tho sections of the Presbyterian Church among which tho Wostminstor stan dards had been established, but they were all prepared to give him, with genuine Coltio ardor, a right hearty Highland welcome. (Hear, hear.), But thoy were prepared, abovooll, to welcotno him as a follow presbyter and as a Minister of tho New Testament, who had given himBelf to tho work of inculcating the Gospel of Jesus Christ in its practical application to the hearts and livesof men. They know what his career had been ; how, without adventitious aid, but solely by force of character, the faith ful discharge of duty, and sympathy withhumaa life and its interests, ha had made for him self a position of eminence, and secured tho esteem and personal regard of tbo highest in tho realm as well as of tho lowliest They welcomed Dr. Lees among them as the repre sentative of the historic Church of Scotland It was a matter of no. small Bignifioonoa that they, a small band to whom it waa entrusted to hold this distant outpost, should have the pri vilege of receiving tho minister of that church in whioh John Knox preached tbo ovangel, in which tho first General Assembly was held — the very fountain head of Presbyterianism to . all English speaking communities. (Cheers.) Here in this colony they regarded themselves as on independent cnurcb, but tbey certainly did not forget tbo church from which tbey sprang. Dr. Lees was none tho less welcome among them because ho came from tho Churoh of Scotland — the corporation acknowledged by the law as such. He could assure Dr. Lees that, notwithstanding what bo might have heard to the contrary, tbey valued the friendship of tho Church of Scotland, and were thankful to that church, aud especially to tbe congregation of St. Giles, that they con sented to his coming out hero to help them in Viotoria. They were specially under a debt of gratitude to Dr. Cameron Lees himself for accepting the invitation of tho Scots' Church, and it was also a matter of congratulation that he had fallen under no mistake as to tea- service which ho could render to the Scots' Churoh congregation and to the Presbyterian Church of Victoria. He had not coma out hero to review their aotion, nor to eettla any controversy. The Presbytery of Melbourne had at present no controversy with the Scotf Church congregation, and they did not meanto htTO II thoy COuiil hoip 11. (LMUMUUU.J JOZa Cameron Lees hod come out here, by his minis trations and by bis wise counsel, and by hi inflaenco, as an honored minister of tbo Churoh of Scotland, to build up tbo Scots' Churoh congregation— (cheers)— and at the same time to ascertain forhimself what were tee require ments of the post of the minister of th Scots' Chucb, so that ha might be ablf to advise tee commission, of whioh ha was a member, appointed to select a minister for teat ohuroh. (Applause.) They expected the beat results from his visit ; that his inter course with both parties would have the effete of allaying those heated feelings which were inseparable from such a conflict as they bad passed through. , They were awaro that repre-t sentations had been made teat wore intended to prevent any man worthy of the Scots' Churoh pulpit from throwing in hia lot with them ; bat they felt they could leave tee refutation of these statements in the hands of Dr. Lees, who would be able to speak with the authority f that uni mpeaohable witness — " tbo man who has been there." (Hear, bear.) They woilkl leave it to Dr. Lees to find oat himself how the land lay. He had eyes of his own, and be (the speaker) had it on 'the best authority that he was endowed with the gift of second sights. (Laughter.) Ho could see things as they ware,, and alsoiin the humor of teem. At all events they hoped that Dr. Lees would have much enjoyment from his visit among them. ' (Hear, hear.) Every ono of teem in tea presbytery would do all they could to make his position a pleasant one so that he would carry none but pleasant memories home with him. The instinotof the Highlander was to go south, and when he went there he stayed if tee land was good. (Laughter.) Dr. Lees bad come south, very much further south than he had ever-been before. Would be not hold to the of tee race— (hear, hear and laughter)— and just remain here among them in the '"nth. The land was good, and he would get on well among them, bnt, alas 1 though the mire «f Scots' Church was very beautiful, that at St. Giles was much more beautifuL , aud he waa afraid they wonld lose him attsria ' ' eeesnn. particularly as it wis pniplietieil HuA ho was to he moderator of tho General Assembly of tho Church of Scotland. (Applause.) Let him.go.home to fulfil his manifest destiny ; but , let him then do all ho conld to secure for tho.pulpit of Scots' Church a man of God who could Bpealrwith tho power which tho unction of the.Holy Ghost-gave to Utose-who wore in communion with tho Eternal Son, incarnate, .crucified, ascended, ono who was troo to the .faith aiid tho spirit of the Churoh of Scotland. (Applause.) Sir James MacBain. said it wonid-tako a very clovor nntn to mako a speech in five minutes woi thy of an occasion like the ono in quostion. He joined. in giving the Rev. Dr. Lees a hearty welcome, and trusted that his visit would be- .pleasanfto bimsolf and bonoflcial to tho colony. They had_ heard so much about Celtic things that evening that he was afraid: that some of their friends would think they-wero sticking- mo much to themselves. They- were not in ghat-condition yet, however, which directed the -£at to compose tho linos : — Oh, why left.I tnyhame? Why tlitl I crossitho deep? Oh, why left 1 tho.lana Whero-tayforcfatlicrs sleep? They all know pretty well tho real cause of their leaving home. (Great laughter.): The Rev. Dr. Cameron Lees had a vory accurate oonceptidn of tho mission which' he had come to aoootmplish. There woro several considerations which enhanced tho visit, 6or during tho last 30 yeare vory few of tho leading lights in tho Presbyterian Church in tho old world had thought of paying a visit te tliis- colony — in fact, ho might say that tho Visits were vory-muoh liko tho angels visits, Vory few and far between. Thoy tried to koop tho Rev. Dr. Dykes, when ho visited tho colony eomo-years ago, but he had a mission to per form, and when .it was accomplished ho wont back to settie in tho old world. Thoy also had visits from Dr. Begg and tbo groat Evangelist Dr. Somorville, wbo, however, was not con fined to any ono church, and was taken in band by all tho Christian congregations of tho churches of Victoria, He would liko to impress upon Dr. Lees to urge upon somo of the leadiug thinkers in tho Presbyterian Churoh to como out to Victoria, for ho really thought that Victoria had some claim upon them. It would bo bettor for tbeir health and much better indeed than the visits they were paying to the pestilential citic3 of Europe. He hoped Dr. Lees would recom mend his friends ut homo to como out to Vic- torin. Mentioning c:t patsant the Queen's Jubilee, ho said it was not every man who could ooonpy tho position with her Majesty that Dr. Lees did at the present time. Tho Queen delighted to honor him. If Dr. Loes . had been in Victoria 30 years ago ho would have found tho Presbyterian Cllurch split up jnto various sectiouu. In fact tho church was , a divided one. But now ho believed tbo Presby terian Church was a living one, doing Christ's work and good scrvico. (Applause) JfflTho Rev. D. M'Keuzie, as moderator oft'ne Scots' Church kirk session, said he wished to :hid a hearty welcome to their distinguished gueBt, who was to reside amoDg thom for tho coming lour months. Ho was anxious as to what sort of a man was coming out to Victoria tore-establish'.tho Scots' Church, and though of course he had heard and read of Dr. Lees, ho wanted to see himself. When ho had seen him, and had shaken hands with him, ho felt that he wosjindeed tho man tbeyvvantcd, and that they wero about to enter on a new era of prosperity for the Soots' Churoh. (Applause.) Let them (think of the sacrifice ho had made. Thoy might say ho had come on a short plea sure trip, but ho had had to leavo his home, his own church, his. own circle of l'riond3, his own presbytery and his own boloved land. Ho would not speak of their past troubles. Thoy were gone, and thoy did not want to hear any more about them. Ho was sure they wero all delighted at what Dr. Lees said last Sabbath day. They had a truo man among them, a man who came among them with a high social position nnd with a high character, with great ability, and a largo heart full of sympathy. Further, ho came as a man of pence, and that was tho best of all. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that before Dr. Lees wontr thoy would know some thing of tho man who was to succeed him. In conclusion, bo trusted that Dr. Lees would not only work for tbo union and establishment of Scots' Church, 'but that bo would work along side the Presbyterian churches of Victoria, nnd help them onward on a prosperous journey. (Applause). Tho Rev. D. S. M'Eachrnn said it gave him great pleasure to have tho opportunity of join ing in tho hearty welcome to Dr. Lees. Ho rojoicod to wolcomo liim as an eminent minister of tlio Established Church of Scotlnnd, nud also on account of tho peaceful errand oil which ho had come. Thoy could not help think ing of the kindness which had led him to leave his congregation in Edinburgh to como to Victoria, in order that ho might guide them hero and advise them as to tho most suitable pastor for tho Scots' Church, which was a most important one. It occupied tho most couspicuous position, manyof its members woro wealthy, and it claimed specially to represent the Established Church of Scotland. Its influenco extended to litany of tho larger land owners throughout tho colony who wero still warmly attached to tho old church. (Applause.) If Mr. Loes suc ceeded in directing the congregation in tho choico of a suitable minister he would lay tho church under great and lasting obligations. From Mr. Lees' known character and testi mony nnd the general tonor of his speech de livered before leaving Edinburgh, ho (Mr. M'Eaehran) was vory hopeful that tho mission would not ho iu vain. Ho was' satis fied that tho bulk of tho Scots' Churoh congre gation wero in full sympathy with tho stan dards of tho church, aud would heartily re joice lo havo such a minister as ho bad do- ecribod to them. Dr. Lees was anxious to soo if tho union effected had been a real ono, and bo (tbe speaker) thought it would bo found so. They woro a united church ; united to do good and to oxtend tho Kingdom of their Saviour, nnd tho.v wero also united in heartily wel coming Dr. Loos. (Applause.) Tho Kov. Joseph Hay, ou behalf of Mr. T. Batllie, who was absent on account of ill health, expressed to Dr. Lees the deup regard in which ho was held by tho congregation of Scots' Church for accepting their invitation be coming to Melbourno to occupy their puipit for a brief period, and sincerely desired that during his time there might ho peaco and pros perity. The Scots' Church pulpit had been occupied by many distinguished ministers, and caclt of them had gainod tho respect of tho congregation, which had always been anxious to assist him iu every good work, liaviug given htm largely of their sympathy aud largely of their means, and by tlieir devotion to all lho works of tho church, it bad gained the foremost position in this southern hemisphere. Every member ot the congregation wan sincerely anxious that the past should bo buried, aud that tho work might go ill such a way as that when Dr. Loes had finished his term among thom, there might ho n largo and united congregation, aB in tho days ot old. A groat deal had been said as to the qualities that wero necessary in a minister for bcots Church ; but abovo ail, ho hopod they would bring out one who had bouio Utile common sense. (Laughter). The Rev. Dr. Rontoul said, as ono of thoso who two years ago earnestly urged tho Scots' Church congregation to send home for a dis tinguished clergyman oi tlio Cliuroli of Soot- land, ho wa3 naturally'ablo to bid Dr. Lous a cordial wolcomo. Ho wolcoined him as a distinguished clergyman of tho Lord Jesus Christ, as tho clergyman who bad made the externals of God's work beautiful In the Cathedral of Edinburgh, and that was BO email thing ; ho honored him further «s a distinguished clergyman of tlio old kirk — the dear old Church of Scotland. (Applause.) He was not ablo to join in tbe enthusiasm about distinctions iu Scottish 'churches to which tlio audience bad replied | so warmly, because he was -under the impression that ho had got above such and into another atmosphere even before he was born. (Applause.) Adverting to some of Dr. Leos's writings, he said that be believed Dr. Lees was determined to jLlliiu fubl luu ilioiouc leueinptivu muitt .11 tbo Lord's gospel aud other essential tilings. In conclusion, ho said that no oppression or jurisdiction would he brought to boar upon any clergyman in tho ohurch of Victoria, so far as ho whs concerned, for any side view or non essential thing except tho vory essonlial uud vital things that concerned tho divine per son of tho Lord Jesus Christ, His lifu nnd supernatural workings, tho redemption, and liis rising again and oyer reigning us their per petual intercessor. Thero was one pathetic reference in Dr. Lees's sermon on Sunday which touched him very much. It was in regard to tho late lfor. l'eter Mcnzics, who, if he had lived to occupy tho ohurch which was built for him, would -most assuredly havo been tho means of preventing tho troubles which had como over the church. He only hoped Dr. Lees could send them a man liko Peter Menzics. (Applause;) Finally, Dr. Rentoul said he believed that if thero wos'ono tiling which marked a colonial, a real colonially trained man, who worked amongst colonials, it was his shrewd common souse, and tho men in their church wanting iu that- commodity wero thoso unablo to see it. (Laughter and applause.) Dr. Cameron Jjeos, who was greeted with loud and continued applause, said : I do not know very well how to express adequately the feelings of gratitude that I experience at tho kind reception yon havo given me to-night. When I was leaving Edinburgh, one of tho geiiUomon who camo down to seo mo off said, " I hope you will bo delivered out of tho mouth ot tho lion." I said, " What lion nnd I10 said, " Tho Presbytery of Mel bourne." (Loud laughter). And I need not toll you therefore nil tho way out in tho Austral my spirits wero greatly depressod, and settled melancholy took hold upon mo ns I thought of tho rt-cop'.ion that X would get when 1 reached Australian shore5. However, I found this to bo tho case, that " Out of tho strong thero camo forth sweetness," and among those who camo down to welcome mo nt tho harbor I recognised some who were friends of inino long Ago, who. liko myself, had begun to get slightly grey, and who could talk tbo Gaelic tongue that was spoken in the Garden of Paradise. (Laughter.-) Then, indeed, I felt that no jaws of any wild Least would proy upon me, and that 1 was likely to have in tho land to which I was como a good time. (Laughter.) Joking ' apart, I never doubted for a moment, when I left bat that I would bo received hero by tny brethren as Christian monandos gentlemen. I nover doubted that for a single moment, and so I havo been received, and my heart is glad. I can .only Bay — and I havo 110 doubt there are many from Scotland here — that my coming hero excited a great deal of interest in the old country. The fact was that when I was asked lo coma here my own feel ings wero that at my time of life I might as well think of taking a trip to the mountains of tha moon. (Laughter.) One after another said, " You need to go. One woman had a sdn in Melbourne, another a son in Geelong, and another a oonsin somowhero else. One af tor another said, " We'll bo very sorry to lose you, hut you'll neod to go." (Laughter.) Tho result was that in the ond I took my passage, and, with a doubting heart, took my way across the great deep, and here I am. Sir James M'Bain said, " Most of us know the reason why wo left home." — (Laugh- tor) — and I think I know the reason also. Pro fessor M'Donald has very well said what I consider my work in tho colony to be. . It would ill bccomo me to undertake to do with matters that I havo nothing in tho world to do. I remember a story when I was in Paisley long ago, af an Englishman who camo to tho town and saw a lassie walking about with bare feet. He said to her, " My girl, do all tho lassies in this place havo bare feet, and walk without shoes and stockings?" She replied, " Somo of thom dae, hut the rest o' them min' their aia business." (Laughter.) And this is what I would like to do— to raina my own busi ness — and that is to preach as well as I can in the pulpit of Soots' Churob, to do what I can to promote the welfare of those who worship thero, and to do what I can, in har mony with my brother commissioners, to get them a good minister — (applause) — a mini ster who will do for them far moro than- ever I eau do, who will be ablo to build them up and mako the congregation what it was in tho days of old. Would it not be a great pity if that wore not brought about? Would it not bo a groat pity if that noblo church, that beautiful building, were not filled morning aud evoniug by large and intelligent congregations ? — if it were not to be the centre and rallying point of the great Presbyterian Church of this colony ? (Hear, hear.) I do most Bincerely hope that that will be the case. Now, I have been keep ing my oars open to-night, and I havo been hearing various things that it has done mo a great deal of good to hear. When I came to this placo, soon after entering I heard from my friend in the chair that tbe Presby terian Church of Victoria was a working church. Weil, I am always glnd to hear that. I am such a poor worker, myself that I am glad to hear of anybody else working. (Daughter.) He seemod to hint that if ministers of tlio old. churches, like myself, came here and kept their eyes open they would learn a little about what work was. I took him up iu that way, and that is what it ought to be. Wo belong to old churches that seem perhaps very far behind nnd almost played out You belong to a church full of youth and vigor, and that ought to outstrip tbe parent from which it sprang. I hope that will ever he tho case. I remember hearing about someone who wont to an old woman who belonged to the old kirk alter the disruption of '43, and said to her somo things, perhaps rather hard, about the coldness and deadnoss of the old place. Her reply was " Aye, maybe when your lura lias roekit aB lnng as oors, it'll neod to get a guid sweeplu'." (Laughter.) I am glad, thorefore, to know that the smoke is goiog up your chimney so freely, and does not perhaps need tho good sweep ing that somo of tbo churches at home may perhaps do. All the better, too. I heard with still greater delight to-night that tho ohurch of Victoria is united and living together in harmony and peace. I am most sin cerely glad to hoar that. I would bo greatly disappointed — I would be grievously disap pointed — if I thought anything elso was tho cose. God knows, at home wo have great need of unity. We are thero split up In a way that ought not to bo. Churches thero are preaching the same doctrines,, aud still stand apart from ono another : aud many of us— and I am not ashamed to say that I am 0:10 of them — hope that unity may prevail in Scotland, and that thoso who havo long beeu apart may, in tho Providence of God, be brought close to gether again. I trust and hopo it may, be so. It is known to many that thero havo been schemes of union pro pounded, somo more reasonable, some moro drastic in their character than others. I havo no faith in union that is brought about by scheming nnd planning. I have ouly faith in union that is brought about by tho fulness of the Spirit of God. I do not beliovo there will be any real or truo union in Scotland until there is a greater arising of spiritual life. Just as tho tide rolling in brings togothor tha littlo pools that havo been separated by banks of mud nnd Band, so with tho incom ing of spiritual power in Scotland tho obstacles that exist now between us, and somo do not seo vory well how to get round, will vanish and disappear. It would bo a most sad thing to havo lo go hack and say that there was outward uuion in tho Church of Victoria, but not inward union j not spiritual union, and that the old jealousies, and old feuds, and old divisions wero carried into the united body. Thank God I hear to-night that that lias not been tho caso. I was glad to hear from Dr. Rentoul mention made of my late boloved friend, Peter Monzios. (Applause.) Ho hold by tho essentials of tho Christian faith, yet had a mar-' vellous amouut of breadth nnd sympathy and largeness of heart. I hope that no Christian church, nud especially this church, will ever become so narrow that it will not havo a place in it for sucli a man as Peter Monzies. It would bo a good thing for all the churches of Christendom if men liko ho woro on tho in crease. (Applause.) I trust that this church will ever hold to the aphorism of tho old Christian fathers, " In essen tials, unity, in non-essentials, liberty; and in all cliqrity." (Applause.) I hopo that thero is a groat future in storo for tho Scols' Church, and if any word of mine would avail, it would bo this : Lot tho old eon- tendings bo treated as disposed of, lot thom fall into forgetfulncss. " Forget tho things thatare behind." Coming across tlio Indian Oceau tho other week wo had a dreadful time. I hope I may never come that way again. I was covered all ovor with prickly heat, and my temper, which I assure you is of tho sweetest— (laughter) — wns sorely tried. But when I reached land, and was welcomed by kind brethren, I forgot all about my troubles; and indeed in looking back nt my experiences I oven thought thero was something to rejoico in thom. So I hope I may say ill reference to tho Scots' Church. I hope that in a fowyears tho past will bo regarded but as u dream of tho night, or just as anv recollections of tho Rod Sea. Professor MacDouald said I had tho gift of socond sight That, liko everything elso tho professor said, is of conrso trno. (Laughter.) Exercising that' gift, I will tell you what I see. I seo tho Soots' Church filled to tho door with an earnest nnd a righteous congregntion ; I sea in tlio pulpit a gifted, an eloqueut, a pious man ; and I reo tho Presbyterian Chureli of Victoria gotting stronger, get ting moro filled with spiritual power,, becoming more and more an instrument in tho: advancement and extension of tho great: Redeemer's kingdom. Is not that a glorious; vision ? Lot each of you here to-night resolve that you will do your best to make it a reality. (Loud npplauso.) Mr. Balfour, in joining in tho woioomo to Dr. LoeB, remarked tbat they had buried tbo hatchot, and wore already beginning to fool frco of all tho strife which occurred some timo ago in connection with the Scots' Churoh. The Rev. G. D. Buchanan, after welcoming tho Rev. Dr. Lees, said he hoped, if he did not stay, that hb would continue his journey round the world. were perhapB moro Presbyterians than ho had ever seen mi his, life. If be could not find a man with sufficient breadth, whilo secure in the platform of the faith in Scotland, let hiin go to America, and ho would find him thero. (Laughter and annlause.); "The Rov. Dr. Macdonald said that 27 years ago, when tho newscame out that Sir Henry Barklyjhnd signod tho Union Act, he danced tlio Highland fling, and ho felt so rejoiced at the coming of Dr. Lees that, if tbo floor bad been clear, he should have liked to have taken a swing round with Dr. Lees himself. (Loud, laughter.) Tlio proceedings, which had been inter spersed with musical selections by ths choir, then terminated. 