Intercolonial' Telegrams BY SUBMARINE CABLE ' '_ ' a and (FROM OUR OWN o'mnnsr-oHDKSTs,] v VICTORIA. MELBOURNE. Friday. Lord Carrington arrived to-day from Sydney, and was driven to Government Home, where he will remain a guest during his stay here. The following scratchings have been made for the V.R.C.. Winter Steeplechase meet '"s)- i I Grand National Hurdles rine Mountain, Ocean, Jack, Umgoon, Fiddler, Trent. Grand National Steeple Game, Dragon, Wymlet. Major for all engagements. ' Waterloo Cup. Final course.- P. A Lamb's Livingstone, by Mutineer Latest News, boat B. F" Hepburn's Stretcher, by' Chronometer Squints II, and won the purge. H. A. alway's Master Willie, by Monsoon Gazette, beat W. Ballloy'a Ballarat Jewel, by Capri Quies, and won the plate. E. R. Scott's Sweetbread late Nimblefoot, by Girlcton-Hampden Star,, boat P. Reilly's King Barn, by Master Joe, Wine West, and won. , Walter William Neale, a solicitor from Coventry, England, has been arrested at the Oriental for fraud, forgeries, and embezzlements to the amount of £30,000. He absconded from England in Mai eli last., The detectives were apprised that he was aboard the Messageries steamer Sydney, which' arrived at Adelaide on Thursday. Neale travelled overland from Adelaide, and at the hotel gave his name as Neville. On being arrested he confessed he was the person' wanted. A meeting of bank manager s to consider! the question of reducing interest on fixed deposits has been held, but no definite de-' cision was arrived at, pending receipt of advices from the Queensland banks. The Central Board of Health has reported in connection with the proposed establish-! ment of a Federal Quarantine Station, that Victoria and South Australia are the only colonies that had actually assented to the arrangement, though Western Australia was' supposed to agree. The board has decided that the Government be requested to ask for a definite reply from New South Wales,] Tasmania, and Queensland on the subject. The half-yearly report of the Commercial, Bank shows the gross profits for the past six months to have been £124,502, as against £116,240 for the previous half-year. Four teen per cent, dividend has been recommended. The police are collecting evidence with the view of prosecuting those concerned in the recent disgraceful wrestling match! between Cannon and Dunn, in which the former almost strangled his opponent. The Premier has received intimation from the whole of the Australian colonies assent' ing to the suggestion that January 20, the date of the foundation of the first settlement should be proclaimed a national, holiday. " The Melbourne Gun Club Champion Stakes were shot off to-day at North Brighton. H. M. Woodhouse, of Sydney, won the first prize of £100 and a gold medal, killing 16 birds ; T. S. Holland was second with 15 said Mr. Bird (assumed name) third with 14. The three mentioned and Mr. Sayer tied with 21 birds each, and Woodhouse won in shooting off as stated. Yuille and Co. sold J. G. Daffct's racing stud to day at auction. The following prices ruled ex-Empress, by Diver Sally Brass, Dr. Prendergast, OOgiiB.; Ghost, by Hamlet Mystery, Mr. N. Gould, Signors Grace Darling, Diversion, Mr. Anderson] of New South Wales, 200gns Kitty Fisher by Robinson Crusoe Lady Spec, Vrl Fehon, 150gns Lithologist by Lapidist Daphne, Mr. Reece, of Queensland; 55gns Marlborough, by Robinson Crusoe Dagmar, V. Andersen, of New South Wales, 240gns.; Knave, by King Cole Truganini, Mr. A. Davis, 140gns.; Bothwell, by Assyrian-Erlani,, Mr. T. Sampson, of Sydney,250gns. , 4 -6 The attention of betting men to-night was taken up with discussion of a motion in the Victorian Club "That in future book makers wishing to; be received as members must pay an entrance, fee of, £50,",t rifle motion was eventually cat riod,! and owing to, this the betting to night was almost a dead letter. The' position of horses is unaltered. For the Steeple, Kildare is firm at 5 to 2, Morador coming next at 4 to 1, Royal Oak, 5 to 1 ; Lizittc, 6 to 1 ; Promo- tion, 7 to I. For the Hurdles Sir Lancelot heads the list at 2 to 11. i For Friction there was some medium . speculation, and he finished second favourite at 3 to leg I "" Commercial.- Breadstuffs - Wheat, 3s. 11d.; Dom- quietness 2s." ed for country brands. Feeding grains fairly active. New Zealand oats to 2s. 10d. Malting barley in brisk demand! at 5s. 9d. Peas?, to 3s. DId Maize to 4s. 11d. ' Vf?" NEW SOUTH WALES.' ' SYDNEY,' FRIDAY, The Tasmanian fish, the trumpeter, has been found this season in Port Jackson, and is being caught for the first time in the history of the colony. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. L < < i J . ^ ADELAIDE, FRIDAY. The local football club defeated the "Carlton (Melbourne by 9 goals to 5. j The Payment of Members Bill has passed its second leading in the Assembly. QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, FIIIIMY. j Heavy rains are talking about Brisbane, and grave fears are entertained of renewal of heavy floods. Some of the railway cm banknotes are in danger. ' ' 