LORD COLERIDGE AND HIS SON-IN-LAW. The public are gettingtired of Mr. Adams s bickemigB with Lord Coleridge (writes oar London correspondent), and therefore take only a languid interest in the new action for libel which is now taking place in the Court of Queen's Bench. It was rather touching to see the Chief Justice seated between Sir Henry James and Mr. Charles, Q.C., in his own Court, and at the same time to know that he was defendant in a trial in which his inexorable son-in-law was plaintiff. Six of the most eminent counsel at the Bar were pitted against Mr. Adams, who conducted his case in person. It will be remembered that two years ago the action be brought against the Chief Justice ended in a verdict for himself, with damaseB amounting to £3,000. This was an appeal, but ultimately it was decided to refer the case to Lord Monkswell (better known as Sir Robert Collier), who assessed the damages against Lord Coleridge at forty shillings, and reduced them in the case of Mr, Bernard Coleridge from £3,000 to £500. Mr. Adams complains that the documents which wore banded to Lord Monkswell to assist him in forming a judgment included oertain letters and printed statements of a highly libellous character againBt himself. One of the alleged libels consisted of a letter from Mrs. Poison, the mother of Mr. Adams's first wife, who wrote about bim in disparaging terms. Another was a letter from Father Coleridge who wrote—"Let everything be done to break the continuity of the exercise of this baneful influence." There was also a letter which the Chief Justice himself had written to Mrs. BiBhop, who is a sister of Lord Iddesleigh and a con fidential friend of his daughter. This letter presented Mr, Adams's conduct in an odious light. Then there was a printed report of an interview which took place between Mr. Stephen Coleridge and a gentle man connected with the Cleveland Leader while Mr. Coleridge was in the United States. The son, of course, defended his father at the expense of the defen dant. It is not surprising that when Mr. Adams fonnd that each documents had been improperly placed in Lord Monkswell's hands he should have waxed wroth. It is, however, stated that they fonnd their way to the assessor, who is now dead, through the blunder of a solicitor's clerk; and, if this be true, no doubt evidence to that effect will be forthcoming. Mr. Adams made a long and able, but discnrsive speech, the tedium of which he relieved by an occasional gleam of humour, or by some caustic remarks at the expense of Mb wife's relatives. He has put several distinguished persons in the witnesB-box, (including Lord Iddesleigh, the Bishop of Oxford, Lord Selborne, ana Lord Herschell, and much time was occupied with correspondence and statements relating to the case. There has thus been bronght before the public for the second time all the disagreeable details of a etriotly domestic quarrel which ought never to have come before the public, and which derives its interest chiefly from the fact that the Lord Chief Justice is the defendant in the case. The trial is still proceeding. A New Ghost Stoby.—A rather curious case will shortly be heard before the tribnnal of a German town (writes one of the London papers), the original cause of wMch is a rat. It seems that, some time ago, the house of an inhabitant of the town was invaded by a nnmber of rats, and to get rid of them the following stratagem was resorted to. The inmate of the house caught one of the in truders, tied a string of little bells round its neck, and let it go. The rat on regaining its liberty went to rejoin its fellows, but the latter, scared by the jingling of the bells, fled from the honBe, and Bought domicile elsewhere. As for the one with the bells attached, it chose a neighbouring house for its abode, and it was this which led to the present lawsuit. The inmate of the honse was awoke one night by the mysterious jingling of a bell, ana, unable to aceonnt for the sound, he spoke about the matter to Ms family and household. The worthy people were extremely snperstitious, and when on several succeeding nights the tinkling of bells was heard distinctly By every one, the only conclusion that could be reached was that the honse was hannted. Under this impression the servants quitted their places, their mistress fell ill ; in fact to the peace and tranquillity that had formerly reigned succeeded terror and alarm. Ulti mately it ohanced that the " ghost," that is to Bay the rat, was caught, and upon the much- tormented family learning who had belled the creature it waB decided to bring an action against Mm to obtain compensation for all the worry his stratagem had occa sioned Me superstitious neighbours. 