Mr. Locke Richardson in Sydney. (DV A LADY COnllESrOXDENT.) Fob many weeks past tho Metropolis has been highly favoured in having opportunities for listening to Mr. Locke Richardson's marvellous display of elocutionary powers. Mr. Itichardson came to Sydney at a time when the City was working itself up in a somewhat spasmodic fashion to the excitement of Jubilee week. And coming nt such a time, and unattended by the florish of trumpets which baa so often heralded the appearance in our midst of public speakers fur less worthy of distinction than he, it is perhaps little matter tor wonder that bis talents, at first, met with less appreciation than thpy deserved, lint fortu nately tor the credit, no less than the intellectual benefit and pleasure, of the city of Sydney, Mr. Bichardson was not easily discouraged, and if the results to him are only one half as sa'isfaetory as they havo been, in another sense, to the thousands who have bail the delight of listening to him, his visit will not have been in vain. Ar, a delineator of Shakespearian characetr in the realm of comedy, Mr. Locke Utchurdson has faw equals, and in the heavier field of tragedy sbows wonderful powers of characterisation. With a well set, graceful figure, easy presence, and pleasantly intellectual face, he inspires confidence in his powers before uttering a word. His introductory explanation— the part, whether it be in book or speech, so generally looked upon as n bore to read or listen to— is so pertinent, so gracefully wocded, and so devoid of teiliou.sness or prolixity, that it forms a pleasant prologue to whatever follows, whether it be a play from .Sliakes|;i;ar, a humourous extract from Dickens or Mark Twain, or the polished phrases of Tennyson or Wordsworth. 'A Gliristniii3 Carol'' lias been repeated by Mr. Richardson again and again in response to numerous requests, and yet again and again finds a packed audience to listen with manifestations of delight to it. And, in all its range of character, whether it be thnt of Old Scrooge, the Miser, Mnrley, the Ghost, Fuzziwig, leading the dance with legs '? that lieemed to wink,' or the pathetic little character of Tiny Tim, Mr. Eichnrdson is equally at home. Indeed, so realistic is he in his interpretation, that the very characters themselves seem to stand before the audi ence ; and, in dialogue, so marvellous is the trans formation, that the change from one speaker \o the other is at once recognised. l'erhaps in none of Mr Richardson's recitals is this power of transformation more noticeable than in Shakespear's beautiful pastoral comedy of ' As Vou Like It.'' I have read that play with delight and have had the pleasure of seeing it reproduced on the stage, but I never completely realised either its beauties or the spirit and motif of the ploy, till I beard Mr. Locke Richardson recite it. We give great praise to the actor who, in bis part, acts up to what we believe to be the author's conception, but what mead of praise ought we to give to one who takes each part as it comes, and makes it a living reality to us ? To understand the possibility of such a thing one would need to see Mr. Richardson in tho. l-'orest of Ardenne — and, somehow, it needs not tho accessories of painted Eward and trees and sky to feel trans ported to those sylvan glades — now as Rosalind, reading the lines hung oil the palm tree by her ryhtning lover : now as the synical Touche3tones or the bitterly misanthropical Jacques j and anon as the rustic 1'heobo or Audry, or their cluwnishly rustic lovers. In each tho characters stand before you, and, in language, arch, as Rosalind's— and anything more delightfully arch than Mr. Richardson's rendering of the poem, in which Rosalind's name is maile to rhyme so frequently, could not well lie imagined — cynically humourous, as Touchstone's bitter, as the melancholy Jacques, nnd rustic as tho shepherds and shepherdesses, play their various parts. If it is plensant to a public speaker to be frequently applauded, it must be infinitely more pleasant to him to see a wrapt attention which mnke3 nn audience re frain from applauding least a word might be lost of what he is saying. It was in a mood liko this that a matinee recital of ' As You Like It,' repeated by request, on Saturday afternoon last, was listened to ; at which a large number of students from the Uni versity and High Schools were present— and, ns a factor in their education, in its most intellectual as- ! pect, I could imagine nothing more powerful than attendance at a courso of such recitals. It is, I believe, Mr. Locke Richardson's intention to visit some of the larger country towns ; and, as I have no doubt Bnlhurst will be included in tlio list, I congratulate tho good folks thereof, in advance, on tho treat in store for them. 