Love or Avarice ? I' Yes, Mary, we're nearly there ; to your home' and my home. If we always think as much of each other hb we do now, it'll be tbe happiest spot in the country.' ' Oh, Tom it frighteUB me to think what we have done ! What if I am not . as you expected ? What if you shouldn't Jove me after a while? All my life he fore I saw you, I got along with only Uncle Joshua to c/.re for me ; but now I know a difference, I could not live to go ' back to the old way. Torn, you never will repent, will you, and you'll be patient with me if I disappoint you ?' Iu answer, the young farmer drew his bride of a few hours to him. ' May God deal with me as I do with you !' he responded, the deepest feelings of bis nature being touched. j All her life, hei loving heart had found none but a crabbed old uuele on whom to lavish itself. When honest Tom Gray, a manly young farmer from a neighbouring village, fell iu love with her sweet face Bud sweeter disposition, all her pent-up affection ceutred around him. There was something pitiable in the intensity of her regard, for there was but little hope iu this work-a-day world but its very strength would bring her pain. ' Cheer up, little woman ! There, now, j see how Prince speeds along ; he knows what's waiting for him at the end of the journey.' They emerged from the woodland road to an open space, and drew up before a substantial house. Shading it were some huge trees. Across the road the long, rambling barns clustered, weatber-beateu, unpainted, but their capacious sides pro mising to hold good store for the winter. The level space on which the buildings were situated terminated in a bin ft', and below lay the broad acres of arable laud. Iu the distauce, a silver baud bindiug the surrounding emerald of the meadow, wound a river. Beyond, the hills shut in the little valley. Nestled at the foot of one, blue iu the distance, the white houses of a small village gleamed. In less time thau it has taken to describe this scene, Tom had flung open tbe house door, and ushered his wile into a large, square roirn, whose deep windows let iu floods of sunshine on the bright carpet and uew furniture the young man had purchased for his bride. ' This is where father brought mother thirty years ago ; tbey didu't think how soon they would go, and who would be I here after them to give the old house a j mistress. They were an uncommon lnvinsr vtflir. thoucli.' lie said. 'Oh, Tom, I hope I may be all to you that your mother was to 'your father,' she replied, the bright colour flooding her cheeks. Then they wandered over tiie roomy old house, at last pausing iu the kitchen. '? We'll have our wedding supper uow,' she said, gaily, ' if you'll just fetch the basket from the carriage.' So he obediently brought it iu, theu sat down in the old rockiug-chair by tbe open window, watching her quick, deft movements as she spread the table with a snowy linen cloth — she bad hemmed all sorts of rosy fancies into it — theu the delicate old china which had been his mother'6. Cold fowl, delicious white bread, a pat of golden butter marked with the letter G, pies, cakes, all made their exit from the basket. He knew they had all been prepared by her careful hands. Theu she darted from the door and returned with a great buuch of red roses, which her quick eye had spied, to deck the feast. ?How pretty she looked, he thought, iu her neatly-fitting dress, her dark eyes bright with happiness, the lovely colour coming and going iu her cheeks. Surely be was very much to be envied ; she was his own always. And she thought, ' What a good gift is life and love ! There can't be the uu happiness in tbe world people are always talking of !' Then tbey laughed and chatted, and for onoe were perfectly content. Five years slipped by— a little period, yet in it how many have passed to that other country, how many launched on a life that may hold so much or so little in store ! In it our foudest idols shattered j at oar feet. Five years had brought to Mary's home an infirm old uncle of her husbaud's and a little waif of eight, whose mother's dying request to care for her child Mary eonld not refuse, and two babies of her own, for the elder was little more thau a baby. Time had not tou(5ied lier very ligUtiy ; there were sad lines about the mouth, pitiful to see, and now and then a sore spirit looked from the brown eyes. Evidently life had not been quite no fair as it bad promised ou that wedding-day balf a decade before. And yet they had prospered ; Thomas was one of the ' substantial men' of the locality, so the people said. But the old man was always making comments u|ion Mary's so-called extrava gant habits, aud Tom began t' get a mania for saviug. Mary saw with alarm tbe sinking of biB spirit to this sordid basis, and all her gentle nature rose to combat it, but so far in vain. One or two successful ventures had raised this evil demon, and uow iU hold was . tightening, till the manly fellow who had won her bade fair to be a miser. Bo completely had the desire for gain taken possesslou of him tbat ha eaw nothing of the danger to h is Ijetter nature. The hands of the clock moved steadily on, and with dinner t# prepare, the beds to make, the milk to skim, besides the wailing infant to still, and tbe yet greater task of keeping restless little Madge out of mischief, Mary was tired enough by noon for bed. Promptly at the stroke of twelve, Parmer Tom, with three liuugry men, Appeared. The cloth was not even laid for dinner. '?What, late again, Mary?' said her fcusband, with a slight frown. 'You taaow time Ss money to us.' With the heavy child in her arms, she was endeavouring to prepare the meal. ' Where is Nannie, that she can't help a little ? At school ? Oh, yes ; I forgot !' ' Here, Tom, you must take the baby if you want dinner to-day ; and another thing, there's no use in my trying do do Any longer without a girl to help.' ?'A girl, Mary? Mother never had a (Servant tbat I caa remember of. It's very .expensive living; then there's the (mowing machine to pay for, aud another borse. Can't you keep Kauuie at heme to look after the children ? She might as well earn her board. '' Alary snid nothing, shutting her lips tightly together us if to keep back any words, aud presently called bim to dinner. ' Can it be that Tom cares bo little for me? lean toil to bring bim in more money,' she thought, bitterly. Oh, my darlings, I could not bear it if it were not Cm your sakes I' she cried, straining her SiLtia ones to her heart, the hot, rebellious tears falling ou their heads. Farmer Tom was out in tho Held, work iog like a tiger himself to keep up tbo lagging spirits of his men. 'l uever see sueti a man to work, an' make everybody else work too,' grum bled one man to his companion, pausing to wipe his reeking brow. 'An' that purty wife of his'n workin' herself to death because he's too stingy to got a ser vant. I declure for it, my Nancy don't . work work half so bard as she does.' The man wenton with his hoeing ; but Tom, whom he supposed out of earshot, had not been so far ahead but he had caught the drift of tbe conversation. ' Can it be that Mary is working too hard?' he thought, recalling her face as it bad looked that noon. Then the face of thegirl he bad wedded five years before— why, it was five years that day — came before him, radiant with youth aud happiness. Tbe ooutrast did not please him. ' But all women grow older faster thau men,' he said to himself, aud theu en deavoured to dismiss the thought. Somehow it would not stay banished, work as hard as he might. That uiglit, when he reached home, Uncle Warren had a tale of grievance to relate about one of liissou8(he had quarrelled with all of them), concerning the eight-day clock. He had brought all his sons up to be mean, aud they were uow treating him as sliahbiiy as it is possible for meau men to treat their old fathers. ' What was the use of the old man's lifetime of saving?' he thought. ' Only uuhappiuess.' He glanced at his wife ; her cheeks were pale, aud her eyes were red as with weeping. His heart smote liiui. 'Come here, Madge,' he said to bis little girl, who was hanging to her mother's skirts. She held iu her hand a coloured card which Nannie had brought home from school. Mechanically he read the words : ' Whatsoever a man soweth that shall he reap.' They stung him. What had lie been doing? His conscience, already aroused, would not be put to sleep again. What was the good of hoarding, if Mary and tbe children were not happy now ? Uncle Warren's voice broke iu on his reverie. 'That note of Avery's comes due to morrow, don't it ? Wiiere'll you put the live buudred to git a good interest ?' He hardly heeded the old man's words. ' Whatsoever a man soweth' kept riug iug in his ears. Perhaps his reaping in his old age would he like that of his Uncle Warn n's, avarice fossiliztd. These thoughts coutiuued to haunt him. The next morning Mary was ill — unable to rise from her bed. Tom's selfaccusa tion knew no bounds, for he loved his wife tenderly, iu spite of the crust of worldli ness gathering over his better feelings. ' Mary, I've been a brute,' he said, 'letting you over-work while I have hoarded up the money. Little woman, if you'll forgive me we'll start afresh, and it sha'n't be so any more. I have people to help me ; you'shall too, or we'll sell the farm.' 'Oh, Tom!' she cried, laying tier tlushed cheek on his hand. 'It isn't the work so much, but I thought I was losing my kind, tender husband. This year has beeu so miserable, seeing you growing farther aud farther 'away from me. I thought you had slopped loving me, and my heart was breaking. Oh, Tom, don't let me think so any more And Tom took the poor, tired head ou his broad breast, aud kissed the white face more tenderly thau he had in her girlish days. He knew his own weakness uow, as he had thought he had known his strength then. And Mary was a happier womau than she had beeu for mauy a day. After that her burdens were lightened, and she was her old happy self again, secure in her husbaud's love. But were the old habits of over-economy so easily snapped ? He was many litues about to yield, but old Uucle Warren served as a constant reminder of his new resolves. The old man was hugely puzzled to fiud his homilies of savinr had so little effect. 'Thomas 'll die poor!' he groaned. ' Keepin' a servant girl an' buyin' a pianer for his wife.' But Thomas never regretted sowing the seed of love iustead of that of avarice. Small Capitalists wuning f Establish a Bnginuss shouM Fee if tberc i& ab f-ocninp foj n Mmer.il Wa!c-r Manufactory in tnoir fiistri ?: Ail information ami reccip'B for tbe purpose i making Lemon.ide. Soda Water, A:c., ip ^iv-.-ij previous knowledge ia mt necessary Ti.e aemand for these drinke is so much on the in crease, ia all parts :jf the world, that thnoutlr.y for the- machinery in ail c.'iaes leads ;o a pro:':* able and safe business. Catalogue forward ri free, or can be hi». at the office of this piper or paymen of Is. — Kahnktt and Kosteb Engi orpnfi S30, Fo'^nn .! net. London. K! GHOSTS. — An attempt is being inade in He old country io revive th^ belief in vieitat t. from another world, and many are ilic woader ful stories that fill some of tbe journals. The sceptical mir.d is, however, iiiclii-c-1 to adopt Scroogc'e remark to Marley'g trhoei : ' IIow An I kno*- thai jou arc not a bit of undigested bread I' fur, of ali ibe ghost producers, a bit of ' heavy' bread ia the most potent. It ie a won der, therefore, that people do not ,-uinpt. the surest spell against u-husta by nsiuc Horwiek's Gold Medal baking 1'uwder ic making bread : for, although it won't ' raise ghoetK,' it will raise br^ad in the most :-dni-tu'-lu fashion. Evary wise storekeeper it i.y him, and verv good bnusfwiw bu.va it. Woman's Si'iikbe — Tlieru an; iew .nuu :m» so benightd as to believethat woman'?, ini—inn can be eumired up in Shake-piv.re's wonis ' To suckle funis and chronicle F.tijall huer.'' Yet a woman is non« the worse for kno.vii:fc how to bake bread or make a cuRiar-l, and ii both these little arts she is ereaiiy assisted by Messrs. Berwick k Sonk, who. for liei ionveni eucc, have pro'lucs'd their celebrated ' I'akine Powder' and Gold Medal '? Ounlunl J'owdei.' With the fonder article tbe rnoH palMabli bread, cakes, ami pastry can lie produced speedily, and v.ith marvellously little trouble: whilst, with the latter, she is independent of th« domestic hen, and can make tbe most dcliciour custards, blane-mangcs, fce.. at half ' !| ? usiihI time. Valuable Discovery fob tiie Haih —I your bJ-j r is turning grey or white, or fft-l'N® off, use ' The Mexican Ilnlr Eencwer,' for ii to ill positively restore in every case Grey or White ha ir to its original colour, without leav ing tbo disaprouable hinol 1 nf ni'fflt' Restorers ' It makes t'-e hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of tha hair - n bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for ' Thk Mixican Haih I'.k KBWKB,' 'old by CbemiHB and Perfumers everywhere -1. 3s, Cd. per Bottle. \Vh lie1 ale pepot S3, Farringdon Boad, London. Mat Good Diokstion waiton Avpktjtr says Shakespeare, but ' good digestion ' wi), never wait upon bad bread, and it is therefore of the greatest importancelhat in making bread one should use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation through long use in households throughout the world Foremost amongst tlicse must be reekoued ' Berwick's Gold Medal P.aking Powder,' which had stood the test in every climate of the world Got it, use it, and add -.our testimony to that of the million* who ptnipn it. Advick TO MOTHr ?2.' I— Are yon broken in your rest by a sick child sutlerin^ with the pain of cuttiug teeth ? Go ot once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mrs. Winklow's Soothix(j SVKur. It wif) relive tbe poor snfferer i i.o ? mediately. It is perlea'-ty harmless and pleas ant to taste, it produces natural, cjtjict sleep, by relieving tlv: child from pain, and tbe iittle cbernb awakes 'as bright as a button. ' It soLlics the child, it softens tbe gams, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bow«lfl, and is tbe Iwtt jtnown remedy for dysentery and diarrhout, whether arising from teething or other causes, lira. Wiruiluiv's Koothing Syrup n sold hy .Medicine dealers everywhere at Is Id. per., .. A ('/.:?]-. — X' all who an- sufTaiiig t u'i tlio eriors and liniii ij-cliot,^ of y utb. iie»vouswek DO-S early d' cavt IciH-f' f rrla J li'-o-'p ic,, I will a rooipe tliat will enre ;eu, free ,.f eharge. TMs groal :-etnedy v,-.jh ?'it:-rJvrrL;1 by n try in r-uuib Amero.t K a »eif-ad r t-nul envelope fcTid sixpence to prepay p'jstag1 In lbs Bev. Joseph 1', Inma n, Station D, Kew i York Gity. U.S. A, 