ANOTHER FISHER'S GHOST. ' Ike Jtcjiean Time* (Penrith) states that on Tuesday, July 19, Mrs. H. Small, residing at Luddenhnm, about2 mileBfromPcnrith, reported to Sergeant Dovothut' hor son, aged 19 years, on returning homo at about 12.30 that morn ing, and while near the Filly Paddock, saw a phosphorescent figure about tho size of an elephant but of tho shapo of a dog. This changed to a fiery circle shortly after wards, and shortly after that to tho figure of a man headless. Tho young man became so terribly alarmed that ho started off towards home at a pace that would surprise even Samuels. He told his mother what he had seen', and on the following morn ing tlio two proceeded to this spot, where they saw the remains of a fire, and, among tho debris, Koino burnt boneB and other things, which caused Mrs. Small to give information to tho police. On Wednesday, Sergeant Dove, accompanied by Mounted-constable Belfour, proceeded to Mrs. Small's rOBidenco, who at onco took them to' the spot indicated. After a search, tho , sergeant collected certain portions of the burnt debris, including bones, buttons, &c;, which ho brought into Ponrith. Tho locality is described as in a very out-of-tho-. way place, near the southern boundniy of the homestead run, and near the famous Filly Pud dock, and about a mile and a-half from tho Luddenham road. Judging by all tho sur roundings, there is every appearance of a body being burnt, and, what is moio sus picious, within a few feet of tho fire a hole had been dug about G feet lony, about 2 feet wide, and about 18 inches deep, dug by some blunt tool This hole and tho remains of tlio fire appeal' to bo of about two years' standing, and the general impression is that there has beon foul ploy. The police havo made every in quiry, but so far without finding out anything that would at all lead to identification. Tho bones were on Thursday examined by Dr. Brady and carefully compared, with tho result that the doctor at once pronounced tho bones to bo those of a human being. 