THE NORTHERN STAR. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1887. Local and General News. OUR SOILS.- Several complaints having come to hand respecting the poor yields of the Maize crops in the Big Scrub, we took the liberty of writing to the Instructor in Agriculture at the Technical College, Sydney (Mr. A. Macleay), upon the matter, with the result, that that gen- tleman has kindly forwarded us the letter upon "The Big Scrub of the Richmond, as Farming Land," appearing in this issue ; and that gentle- man having had considerable practical and gene- ral experience in farming in Queensland and elsewhere, his ideas should be well worthy of perusal by those interested. We also think that many will agree that the analysis of soils spoken of, should prove very useful, and also be glad to hear that Mr. Mackay purposes paying us a visit very shortly. We take it, that as matters are at present, we are much in the dark as to what our soils can really produce, and should gladly welcome any information that may tend to improve matters in that direction, and lead up to the establishment of Experimental Farms and Agricultural Colleges, as in other lands, where the interests of the agricultural portion of the community are more fostered and looked after than in this Colony. In this sense, we have thought that the appointment of an ener- getic person like Mr. Mackay, and his Agricul- tural Lectures and other work, was a great step in the right direction, and although some may disagree with the teachings of chemical and scientific farming, &c;, there is no doubt that it has worked great changes for the better in the past, with greater promies for the future,- of which we have examples around us, such as the growth of cane, and the manipulation of its juices, leading up to the growth of maize and other products. Which is the Cheapest Store for General Goods ? \- Why, Coleman's. Try it and prove for your- selves. A SERENADE.- There being no embattled castles, fairies, knights in armour, gondoliers, ghosts, or sprites, here, owing to everything being an desperately new, our life in Australia has not much sentiment or romance about it, the only thing left us being the small black characters on white paper, which, under the touch of gifted ladies and gentlemen, become things of joy, in the shape of music ; and hence were it not for the melodious strains at times breathed around, which wed us to the outer world, and the past and present, life in these country towns, and in the lonely bush, would become very monotonous. It was, perhaps, in this spirit, although the matter had been kept a close secret, that the gentle public, at the first notes of the drum, mustered largely in front of the Commercial Hotel, on Tuesday evening last, to listen to the strains of the well known Lismore Band, whioh had assembled to serenade their popular Conductor (Mr. G. W. Paulson) who had just returned from a visit to Melbourne where he had, once again, entered the bonds of Hymen. The torches having been lighted, the roll was called when the following members answered to their names:- Messrs. R. Taylor, conductor and solo cornet ; E. Hodgson, clarionet ; H. Anstey, first cornet ; J. Anschan, first cornet ; T. Exton, repiano cornet ; F. J. Goodwin, soprano cornet ; F. Hunt, second cornet ; C. Osborn, third cor- net ; W. Klein, solo tenor-horn ; W. Glasby, first tenor-hom ; R. Balmer, second horn ; J. Bannatyne, second baritone ; T. Harrison, solo euphonium: F. Strong, bass euphonium; J. Carter, E flat bass ; V. .J. Norris, triangle ; T. Bourne, bass drum ; W. Kelleway, jun., side drum ; J. L. Harrison, cymbals. With such an array of talent need we say that the follow- ing pieces ware performed with much verve and affect during the evening :- Wedding march, Auld lang syne. Fine old English gentleman, Here's a health to all good lasses, Home sweet home, polka - the Lismore (Paulson), march - In the ranks, march - the Heroic, waltz - Oar Fairyland, lancers - the Royal Military, march - Little darling dream of me, fantasia - Merry moments ; God save the Queen. At the close of the performances, the members of the Band were invited to partake of refreshments, when the health of Mr. and Mrs. Paulson was proposed by Alderman Norris, and duly honored and responded to ; and as by this time it was nearly 11 o'clock, the festive proceedings con- cluded, and the assemblage dispersed. The night being beautifully fine, the whole affair passed off very pleasantly and was much en- joyed ; and it is thought by many that these nocturns or serenades would bear a repetition, especially in the summer season. Why do the Ladies go to the Newtown Store for Dress Buttons ? - Because they have 700 dozen to select from in all shades, patterns and designs. LISMORE A. AND I. SOCIETY.- A committee meeting was held at Council Chambers on Wednesday evening, when Mr. Jas. Stocks (President) occupied the chair, and 20 members were present. The minutes were read and confirmed. Letter read from J. Glasby, apolo- gising for his absence ; from Council Clerk, as to who had given them permission to hold meetings in council chambers, but granting their use to-night ; and from Agricultural Society, Graf- ton, stating intention to hold a Centennial Exhibition on April 18, 1888, and following days of exhibits from North Coast Rivers and New England districts, and asking their co-operation. Letters received. The following accounts were passed for payment :- Balmer and Sons, £4 6s 6d; Kelleway ard Son, £5 3s ; R. Page, 6s ; Sydney Mail, 17s ; W. J. Wilson, 10s 8d. The election of officers for ensuing year then took place, Messrs. Coghlan and Backhouse being appointed scrutineers, resulting as follows :- President, Mr. J. Carter ; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. D. McDonald and G. Larkin ; Treasurer, Mr. E. B. Backhouse ; Secretary, Mr. A. J. Simpson. The various new officers returned thanks on being elected, promising to use their best endeavors for the welfare of the society. The sub-committee appointed here presented the draft of a new code of rules, over which a very lengthy and animated discussion occurred, countless amendments and suggestions being made. Ultimately they were passed, and it was decided that each member of the society should receive a printed copy of same not less than 14 days prior to holding the adjourned annual meeting, when said rules will be finally adopted. The meeting then adjourned. Where can I buy Prints ? -Why, at Coleman's yon have 3000 yards to select from, including the Special Jubilee flint. CEDAR.- We hear that Mr. B. O'Neill, a timbergetter, is now drawing some splendid cedar timber - in logs arid boards - the latter having been sawn by means of a pit-saw, from Burrandana creek, some 20 miles from Lismore. This timber had been worked by timbergetters many years ago, but was so inconveniently located that it was found impossible ever to get it out of its locality by the flooded creeks, and so was allowed to remain there, as such timber at that time was plentiful. But now as cedar ia scarce, tho overland drawing has been re- sorted to. We also understand, that there has been for some 10 years, thousands of feet of worked cedar lying in Wilson, Cooper, and other creeks awaiting for sufficient water to float it ; but it will no doubt as the country gets more cleared be removed by the same means as that under notice, as it is said to be still in splendid condition. Public Verdict.- That purchasers of Boots and Shoes get the best value for the least money, at A. E. Francis', Molesworth-street, Lismore. The patent panodonoptic, pantescopie and periscope pebble spectacles, from 6s per pair in case, to 10s 6d. Miner's magnifying glasses and compasses, silver match boxes, &c;, at Harding's, Woodlark-street. CHURCH OF ENGLAND.- We are requested to state that Divine Service will not be held in this church on Sunday next, as the Rev. A. Poole is obliged to proceed to Sydney by out-going steamer. The Right Shop to go to for the Cheapest Boots and Shoes in the district is A. E. Francis', Molesworth-Btreet, Lismore. LISMORE FIRE BRIGADE.- It will be seen from advertisement that a meeting is called at the Town Hall, at 4 o'clock on Tuesday next, for the purpose of enrolling persons willing to become members of the above,- and looking at the importance of the matter to the well-doing of the town, a good attendance is requested. By the keen perceptive Public it has long been proven that Anstey's are the best Boots and Shoes obtainable in the district. The Best and Cheapest Shop is Anstey's Woodlark-street. LISMORE ORCHESTRAL SOCIETY.- It will be seen by advertisement that the newly formed String Band (under the direction of Mr. R. Taylor), known as above, will give a grand vocal, instrumental, and dramatic entertain- ment at the Albert Theatre, on Friday evening next (4th November) when, in addition to the music, Bridgeman's original farce entitled "Where's your wife," will be produced. As it is now some time since we have had a per- formance in our midst, the attractive programme issued should result in a very large attendance. BITE FROM A SNAKE.- The son of a worthy resident of Wyrallah, Mr. Herbert Herman, was bitten by a snake on Saturday evening. Quickly driven to Lismore, the bite was cauter- ized, and other remedies employed by Dr. Gaggin The little fellow, just 12, exhibited uncommon nerve throughout, never flinching or losing heart, and is doing remarkably well after undergoing both pain and sickness. He could not be certain as to the variety of snake, having sprung away from the spot on receiving the bite, turning in time to see but a part of the snake as it retreated. THE WEATHER.- Although the clouds come and go, the rain falleth not, and everything is as hard and dry, as some of the creditors of Sir Henry Parkes, or everyday Christian charity. lt appears as if we shall get no rain until our usual summer thunderstorms set in between this and Xmas, and hence those who have con- served water, and can use it for irrigation pur- poses, can only hope to secure good crops. Of course it is grand weather for the cane cutters, &c;, who are wiring in manfully, and will get correspondingly good cheques, but for the usual spring and summer sowings of maize and other crops, the lookout is not very promising at the present time. GAS ENGINES.- The local agent (Mr. G. Max- well, of Keen-street), has left with us several pamphlets containing plans and testimonials setting forth the uses and prices of the well known Otto Silent Gas Engine, which are fast superseding steam engines in all places where driving power is required, and gas obtainable. The prices range from £62 upwards, and as there should be a good demand for these useful engines in this district, aa the times improve, we presume that Mr. Maxwell will be very glad to show the said plans, &c;, to anyone thinking of using gas engines. BLUFFING.- It would appear that there are persons in this community who do not read the Star, as in the Borough Council on Monday night, an Alderman in a Rip-Van-Winkleigh spirit, gravely asked if the Municipal Balance Sheet had yet been published ? When informed that it had, he cast a comic furtive glance at the reporters' table, and subsided. We presume the main reason for asking the question, was that for the first time these two years, the said balance sheet had been published in the Star, and not in the Chronicle, as heretofore. That's the way the cat jumps in this township at the present time. NEW Music.- Like many other antediluvians we have our failings, one of whioh is a love for music, and hence it is, we presume, that know- ing our taste in that direction, Mr. G. Castleden, of the Music and Piano Warehouse, Hunter- street, Newcastle, kindly sends us from time to time, advance copies of his latest compositions, the latest being now before us in the shape of the "Two Hearts," waltz, and The Tram- way," polka mazurka The first is a very taking melody in the shape of an airy waltz mingled with words and chorus, which should have a very striking effect, and is now much in favor in England, where the Band of the Scots Greys suddenly ceases playing and bursts into a refrain or chorus. The "Tramway" polka appears something like the old "Railroad" galop, so much favored by Julian, at the Promenade Con- certs in London ; and the whole compositions reflect much credit upon the good taste and ability nf Mr. Castleden. We are glad to find that a taste for music is spreading in our midst, as it is the only thing appertaining to a higher and better life that our mother Eve (who may be presumed to have had a beautiful voice) was allowed to take with her when leaving the Garden of Eden,- although some say that, as a set-off, the serpent gave her the liking for deco- rating her charming form in silks and satins, and that poor Adam had to pay for them. Be this as it may, we intend to test Mr. Castleden's productions, and hope the general public will shortly have the opportunity of judging for themselves. TOWN IMPROVEMENTS.- Despite the dull times, a few of our residents are making im- provements in their surroundings, the latest being the fine new brick building, opposite the Commercial Bank, in Molesworth Street, just completed for Mr. F. Strong, and to be known as the Lismore Boot and Shoe Palace. The new building has a depth of 22 feet by 36 feet, and has a front elevation of 36 feet from ground floor to parapet, with neatly plastered front. The large shop, with double fluted plate glass win- dows, is entered from a 12 feet verandah, one portion of said shop being devoted by Mr. F. Strong, to his Boot and Shoe Department, and heavily stocked,- the other being used by Mr. J. Strong for the display of Musical Instruments such as, Organs, Pianofortes, &c;, of which there is a grand display. The height of the shop is 14 feet from floor to ceiling, and at the back is a dining-room and kitchen, with the usual outbuildings. Ascending the staircase (which is a nice specimen of joiners' work) there are three rooms, measuring, respectively, 10 feet by 14, 10 feet by 16, and 20 feet by 13. the front leading on to a 12 feet balcony, from whence a nice view ia obtained. The building is well ventilated, fitted, and plastered through- out, and reflects much-credit upon the architect (Mr. Robinson), the contractors (Messrs. Brown and Jolly), and all connected with its erection. Further down the same street, near the Bank of New South Wales, is the new building just erected hy Mr. B. McKenzie, for his residence. This house has a nice location fronting the river with a frontage of 22 feet by 34 feet, 24 feet in heighth, and has a spacious verandah and balcony, the latter giving a charming view of the river, &c.; A 4 feet passage runs through the house, off of which is a parlour measuring 15 feet by 17, dining-room 15 feet by 17, kitchen 10 feet by 12, and wash-house 10 feet by 14. Upstairs, are bedrooms measuring 10 feet by 17, 15 feet by 17, and 15 feet by 17, with bath-room supplied from a tank in roof. The rooms are fitted with register grates, and handsome mantel- pieces, and are nicely lined and papered through- out, besides being fitted with electric bells and other conveniences. We feel sure that the many friends of the above gentlemen will wish them- selves and families every happiness in their new locations, and are also glad to notice that Mr. W. Northcott (following the good example thus set) has just commenced the erection of a brick shop and dwelling, in Molesworth Street. RELIGIOUS.- It will be observed that the services at the Presbyterian Church on Sunday neat, will be held afternoon and evening. LISMORE LICENSING COURT.- At a sitting on the 25th instant, on the application of Mr. N. J. Simmons, the license of the Bexhill Hotel was transferred from Mr. R. Rhodes to Mr. S. G. Quaill. EXPLANATION.- In reference to a statement appearing in the Lismore Chronicle, to the effect "that several letters had been sent to the Star, complaining of the non-payment of monies due to contractors for Government works, and which letters have never appeared "- we may state that there is no foundation in truth for this statement, as no such letters have ever reached our hands. ACCIDENT.- When coming out of a store, this week, our worthy Mayor accidently stumbled over a chair standing in the way, severely hurting two of his ribs on the left side, and sustaining other injuries, was confined to the house for two days, but we are glad to note that he is now about again, as energetic as ever. POLICE.- Sub-Inspector Casey, newly ap- pointed to the charge of the Grafton, Richmond and Tweed River Districts, arrived in Lismore on Saturday, and left again on Monday morning, for the Brunswick and Tweed Rivers, on a tour of inspection. Mr. Casey has had considerable experience, having been 29 years in the police force, and appears to be well adapted to the position he now holds. LOCAL WORKS.- Mr. Fee has given notice that he will ask the Secretary for Public Works -1. The total amount of money spent on local works in each of the following electorates, from 1861 up to 1886, viz. : The Hastings and Man- ning, the Macleay, the Clarence, Grafton, and the Richmond, according to the Government Statist's return ? 2. The like information as to the expenditure upon national works in each of the above electorates during the said period ? HORSE STEALING.- In reference to the appre- hension of Messrs. Stapleton and Kniff, on the above charge, we understand that they were first arrested by constable Mullens, at Booree Creek, who noticed that the brands on one of the horses in the possession of the parties had been faked or altered ; and after taking them to the lock-up at Mogil Mogil, they were recognised by constable Barrows as answering to the description in the Police Gazette, and thence sent on to Casino (as stated in our last), where they will be probably brought up at the Police Court this week. THE ELECTRA.- While this steamer was on her maiden visit to the Macleay, a deputation waited on the directors urging that the new steamer would be retained in that trade, as she was two knots an hour faster than the Wood- burn. Mr. Allt (chairman) said that the Wood- burn had been purchased at a high rate for the Macleay trade, and that he did not expect she would be replaced by the Electra, as the latter did not carry sufficient cargo. She was built for the Richmond and would, for the present, go to the Clarence ; but if the Macleay trade advanced the directors would provide a new boat equal if not superior to the Electra. CHEAP MEAT.- We have been shown a hand- bill circulated in Grafton, in which, best beef is advertised at 2½d per lb. by the joint, mutton 3d, and pork 4d. When the proposed refrigera- ting works are started here, one great advantage to hotel keepers and families will be that they can get their supply of carcase mutton from Sydney, and by storing same in Company's freezing chamber at a small charge, will be able to supply themselves with fresh mutton just as required. The same also with fish. Our Ballina fishermen, with the aid of ice supplied from the Company's works at Lismore, would also, whenever they had made a good haul, store the fish until wanted - say on Friday mornings, when demand is greatest, so we should always be able to procure a supply at any time of this wholesome and brain-producing food. MELBOURNE CENTENNIAL EXHIBITION. - Lieutenant Smith, who has been deputed to collect exhibits for the above, to be holden next year, is on a tour through the Northern dis- tricts, to prosecute his mission, and is at present in Grafton. We would like to see eur district well represented at this exhibition, and intend- ing exhibitors should embrace the opportunity of interviewing Lieutenant Smith, as to details in the matter of entries, &c.; The Commission will forward exhibits free of charge, besides en- sure that care will be taken of them. Lieutenant Smith will visit Ulmarra to-morrow, Maclean on Thursday, and after returning to Grafton will proceed to the Richmond, returning to Sydney by the Clarence.- " Examiner." LAND SALES.- It is notified that a sale of Country Lots will be held at the Land Office, Lismore, on the 21st December next, when the following will be offered,- 40 acres, county of Rous, parish of North Lismore, being forfeited conditional purchase of Chas. Bryant ; 40a., Tunstall, being forfeited conditional purchase of Patrick Cusack, the upset price in each being £2 acre ; 99a., Whian Whian, being lapsed con- ditional purchase of Jacob Flick. On the 23rd Instant, at the same place, will be offered, 43 Lots within the Suburban boundaries of the town of Lismore, lying easterly from the town, and having frontages to roads 150 links wide, and ranging from I acre 3 roods 24 perches, to 12 acres 3 roods 12 perches, at upset prices ranging from £28 10s. to £192 10s. per lot. At the Land Office, Murwillumbah, on the 21st December, will be offered, 1 country lot of 40 acres, in the county of Rous, parish of Cudgen, being lapsed conditional purchase of John Waugh. STRAY CATTLE.- Several complaints having reached us as to the damages to gardens and cultivation paddocks caused by the numbers of stray cattle allowed to roam about the streets, day and night,- now that the Borough Council has been gazetted Trustees of the Town Com- mon, a grand opportunity offers itself for those of our aldermen who do little else but find fault with everything, to do something practical in the way of moving that proper Commonage Regulations be enforced, so that the cattle can be kept off the streets, and persons running stock on the Town Common be made to pay for them, as they do in other civilized places possessing a Borough Council. It should also be remembered that there is an establishment in Lismore where trespassing stock can be im- pounded, and as this does not seem to be gene- rally known, the Poundkeeper should be re- quested to insert a notice to the effect that he is prepared to receive all stray stock at certain hours, which would relieve us from the "bags of bones and misery" that have hardly strength left to crawl out to the large commonage sur- rounding this township. LOCAL GOVERNMENT DISTRICTS.- According to the New Local Government Bill it is proposed that the colony will be divided into 17 districts, and apportioned as follows :- Western - Went- worth, Bourke, part of Balranald from tbe Lachlan River. - The Murray - The Murray, Al- bury, The Hume. - The Murrumbidgee - Mur- rumbidgee and part of Balranald up to the Lachlan River. - Young - Yass, Burrowa, Young, Grenfell. - The Bogan - The Bogan, Forbes. - Gunnedah - Naomi, Gwydir, and Gunnedah.- New England - New England, Glen Innes, Inverell, Tamworth, Tenterfield. - North Coast - Richmond, Clarence, Grafton, Macleay, Manning.- The Hunter - Newcastle, Northum- berland, Morpeth, Gloucester, Hunter, Upper Hunter, Durham, East and West Maitland, Patrick's Plains. -Bathurst - Orange, Molong, Carcoar, Bathurst, East and West Macquarie. The Hawkesbury and Nepean Valley - Wollom- bi, Hawkesbury, Camden, Hartley, Nepean. Mudgee - Mudgee, Wellington. - Goulburn Goulburn - Argyle. - Gundagai - Gundagai, Tumut. - Monaro - Braidwood, Queanbeyan, Monaro. - South Coast - Shoalhaven, Kiama, Illawarra, Eden. - Cumberland - Parramatta and Central Cumberland, 