REVIEWS AND MAGAZINES FOr OCTOBER. FIRST NOTICE. Tho Nineteenth Century h full of important and interesting papera. Mr. Gladstone figuies once again in the place of honour, with a scathing review of " Ingrara's History of the Irish Union." The Liberal leader is in his best fighting form, tears the " his toriaster," as ho terms him, ,to ribbons, and de- clares that " the work of Dr. Ingram is ,liko a buoy upon the .sea, which is tumbjed and tossed about by every wave, but remains available only to indicate giound which should bo i avoided by every conscientious and intelligent his- torian.',' Col. Sir West Ridgeway, who has- just-been appointed successor to Sir Eedvors Buller in tho Irish Office, writes 'on the "New Afghan Frontier," which >he' tholpod to delimit. Ho .'considers that neithor India nor Afghanistan has much to fear from a Russian invasion. Mr. Edward Dicey is of opinion that " as a separate and independent party the Liberal Unionists have no polttical future," but that the Union will be maintained by a long ttnbiokoii aeries of Conservativo Administrations. Mr. Frank Hill, at ono time editor of the Paity News, proposes his own pill for the earthquake of a " Parliamentary breakdown." For committees of the wholo House ho suggests the substi I tution of standing committees composed of specialists and Privy Councillors. The'Hon. Mr. Justice Stephen I endeavours to show Mr. Mivart whero Roman Catholics who admit the validity of scientific methods of reason- ing will find themselves ultimately landed, ilr. Edmund Gurney replies in " Letters on Phantasms " to tho attack of Mr. Taylor Innes. Mr. Edmund Gurney writes sympathetically of "Literature for the Little Ones ; " and Sir Salar Jung resumes his impressions of " Europe Revisited." > l Blachwood's Edinburgh Magazine is always sure to bo, before all things, political and polemical. Lord Biabourno appears this month in its pages as the leading champion of the Conservative cause. In 1880," when Lord Brabonrno was only_ plain Mr. Khatchbull 'Hugessen, Mr. Gladstone promoted him to the peerage, as the only alternative to mnking-bim a Cabinet Minister or a colonial Governor. Anyone who takes the trouble toread Lord Brabourne's tirado on "Mr. Gladstone and the Irish question" will, probably, be disposed to think that Mr. Gladstone 'acted wisely. . An anony- mous paper on " The Reconstructed War Office" dis- cusses our military organisation exhaustively from every point of view, and, moreover, suggests that tho Princo of Wales would ba a suitable candidate for the office of Commander-in-Chiof "whenever it may bo vacated by II.R.H. the Duke of Cambridge. " Experiences of an English Engineer on the Congo" contains much inter- esting information about a region comparatively little known ; and Misa Millicent Erskine Wemyss sketches, in a fairly îeadable stylo, the life and adventures of that neglected buccaneer, Paul Jones. Sir Theodore Martin_also_ translates two of Schiller's shorter poema, i much as they might have been translated by anyone less gifted than the accomplished biographer of the late Princo Consort. , - - Cornhillt is nlwavst.readable, even when Mr. Grant Allanabas not contributed a short story to its pag^s. '"In tho cuiront number, a "woman." (name unknown) speaks her mind'''concerning men," whom she regards as morally far inferior ' to her own chirm ,ing sex. It is neither polito to argue with a lady, ? nor necessary to ngioe- with her. "Welcome Rain" is a'laughable account of a prolonged struggle between a bursting drain and a peppery military man ; and " Melchior' Ralgetti " explains, chattily enough, how it is that a Swiss porter manageä to become a polyglot. Biography is a strong point in TcnipZe Bar. - Mr. Charles F. Johnson writes of Shelley. Admitting that "the poet's treatment of the very commonplace young woman he so foolishly njarriod is open to unfavourable comment, ho inclines' to re- gard his conduct as the pardonable ebullition of an exceptionally sensitivo temperament. There are also porsonal íecollections "of Thackeray by Miss Henriette Cochran, and of Miss Margaiet Gillies by Lady Lindsay. But the best sketch in the number is that of Madame. Necker-the lady whom Gibbon jilted to pleaso his father-sighing as a loverTbut ¡obeying as a son-and who subsequently married M. Necker, the banker and Minister of Finance 'of L'otiis XT I., and became the mother of the groa't Madame de Staid. A new serial tale, " Nolhda, a Princess of Russia," begins in the October number, which also contnins a short tale by Lady Lindsay, on a very venerablo thorne, the vacillations of a young lady who cannot make up her mind whether to marry a marquis or the man ßho loves. In Longman, Mr. David Chrislio Murray and Mr. 'Henry Herman continuo their interesting romance, tho sceno of which ia laid among the Ancient Britons.^ Reader» of " One Traveller Returns " may be interested' to learn that this story has already boen finished, and that . the manuscript is in the hands of, the pub-, ushers. The story will shortly bo dramatised by the authors, who are seeling a theatre in which it may be convenientlv produrod. Mr. 'John Westwood Oliver tilts at tho windmill of pre- judice which represents the changes of the weather as dependent on the changes of the moon. " My Old .Tillage " is graphically presented in a posthumous papor by the lato Richard Jefferies. Mr. Edmund Gosse discusses Mr. R. L. Stevenson's title^to a place on Parnassus in a stylo which suspiciously resembleä the rolling of logs ; and Mr. John Burroughs describes, with commendable brevity, tho Mammoth Cave of Kentucky. lAmerican'novpls, apgling, and other congenial themes are merrily dealt with ,_ by Mr. Andtew Lang in "At,, the Sign of the Ship." A ghost story is contributed bv Mrs. Molesworth, but there is no reason why it should bo road by anyone except the unfortunate reviewer. i Chambers's Jouinal caters successfully for leaders who revel in useful information and delight in anec- dotes carefully classified and closoly packed. The serial story " Richard Cable," by the author of " InshaWh," is the best thing, from a literary point of view, in the current number. ' The Century is much too Ameiican inflavour^to suit English or Australian tastes. Abraham Lincoln was, no doubt, a groat man, and so were General Sherman and other soldiers who fdught in tho Secession war ; but the time would pass nono the less pleasantly if wo wore not allowed,to hear anything moro about them for a month or two. Moreover, it is only people overburdened with tim weight of "higher cultme" who take much pleasure in the novels of Mr. Frank Stockton, and con- sider " Rudder Grange " tho dernier mot of story- telling. And, lastly, it jars on our sensitivo ears'to hoar our living minor poets called Symonds, Lang, and Dobson, as though they tt ero footmen or ' fourth-form boy. But for these little idiosynciacies, 27ic Centmy is fairly readable. Ely Cathedral is described, his- torically and architectuially, by .Mr. M. G. van Rnnss olaor. Mr. James Lano Allon writes of Kentucky and tho scenes whioh in-piied "Uncle Tom's Cabin';" and Mr. Aloxander Johnston dosciibes in what way the American game of football differs fiom that played by' " Tom Brown," " Scud liast,"nnd -the Test at Rugby. There aro some quite supeifluous voises in the number. Harper is better than tho Cenfury. "The Smallest of American Republics " is a readable description of Cosla Rica, with a full account ol' the revolution of 1872\. Mr. Henry James speaks with authority of the wotk of Mr. John S. Sargent, the distinguished American artist; and some spirited .terse*, headed "Aaron Burr's AVooing," aro contributed by Mr. EdmundiOlarence Stedman. Scribner i9, just now, tho most ttelromo nrtsentthat New Yoik can " send ovor- sea for us." The final in- stalment of Thackeray's selected letters quickens and confirms our reverence for the man whom thoso who did not know him loved to call a cynic, and revives the wondtr why no life of the gieatest otour novelists has never yet been given to the woild. Most readers of the "Unpublished Letters" will allow that their ottn sentiments ato well summed up and crystallised in the graceful verses of Mr. H. C. Bunner, '"The PaiU School of Fine Arts" is exhaustively considered-by Mr. Henry 0. Atery in a paper illustrated in-a Btyle superior oven to the standard *et by this artistic periodical. Mr. W. C. Browncll plausibly maintains the apparent paradox that tho French are more sensible but less sentimental than the Americans, and " Caverns and Cavern Life " are admirably treated Dy Mr. X. S. Shaler. The contents of Macmillan's Magasine ai o various onough to suit all tastes. The " old man truculont," as an unsympathetic critic called bira, returns to the charge, and discourses once again on the vanity of " tho profession of letters." Mr. W. L. Courtney, the accomplished fellow of New College, Oxford, again de sorts philosophy for the criticism of fiction, and appeals to us to «otship M, Anatole France, Come personal Réminiscences of "the Peelites» are contributed br Mr. Goldwm Smith; and an article on " Coleridee mí the Quanteck; Hills," by Mr. William GrS " ^otes by a'Rambler" on the Franco-Getman lrontter" is a reid'tblo papet : and " Homer the Botanist " will be interesting to all who wish for inclination about such matteis as "asphodel '.and "moly" The Enslish Illustiated is, as usual, "full of interest. Two-serial stories bpgin in the October number »Tha Story of Joel" by the author of "Mehalali" and1 "The Mediation of Ralph Hardolot," a story'of England, "all in the olden time," by Professor AT Minto.rwhose novel " The Crack of Doom," published; in Biacfctoooti someyoais ago, made a very favourable impression. There is also an article on "Summerm Someisot," by the late Richard Jefferies, which the Bad circumstances of his death invest with a peculiar interest. Mr. Swinburne, who has been latterly a littlw out of f«nn, sings passionately of the infetiority of mon to the sea-men; and Mr. Marion Crawford pre/ scnts to English readers the hymn composed for th» centenary of, the signing of the Constitution of th* United States, celebrated-.last September at Philadel- phia.^ Perhaps the odo is not quite equal to th» occasion ; but the occasion was a great one, and the verses aro at least better than any of our own Jubile» jingles. Mr. Outram Tristram's account of coaching ¡_ tho careless days of Charles II. and Claude Duval, ¡j written in a chatty style which makes it charminj reading.- . ,. , , , . , To The Magazine ¿f Art Mr. Marion H. Spielraann contributes a paper, rather < biographical than critical on ¡M. Emile Wanters, the greatest of contemporary Belgian artists; and, Mr. Garnet Smith, » somewhat sketchy estimate ( of " Heine as jtf Art Critic.;' Mr. II. F. Wilson writes of "a little-known art of " Flint-knappins," which still sut. vives at Brandon, in the Fen Country, and pleads f0I its extended application to architectural work. Tki comparative dearth of ."Americans at the Salon" of 1887 is regretted, and . explained by Ifty Olaude 'Phillips. The Jubilee coinage suggests an erudite article on English numismatics to Mr. Lewis F. Day, better known as a decorative artist; while Miss Bessie Caralampi, a Greek lady, "who is acting as private secretary and amanuensis to Mr. G. A. Sala-concludes her account of' the "curios" and works of art collected by that popular journalist in his house at No. 40, Mecklea burg-square. | '' Of the rest of Messrs. 'Onssell's publications, Mili Folli is perhaps the best; yet the Quiver attains a fair standard, ftom a literary as well as a pious point of view ; and the Family Magasine contains a wise article; on " A Healthy 'Nuisery," by a Family Doctor, and a charming lyrio by Mr. Fred. Weatborly, tho most poetical Oxford "coach" who ever prepared tho ignorant for the ordeal of moderations. 