The Jubilee Exhibition. MISCELLANEOUS. un xuesaay evening one 01 trie large eieusriu light globes and apparatus in the eastern annexe, owing to an .accident, fell with a craBh on Mr. A. Dowie's boot exhibit. A complete smash was the result, Mr, Dowie's case being shattered and the apparatus utterly rained. The eastern portion of the eastern annexe was in consequence but dimly illuminated during the reBt of the evening, but the damage will be repaired to-day. Great progress towards completion is being made in the New South Wales court, and a number of large ferns that have just been added in the main building, apparently with the intention of forming a grotto, lend a delicious air of freshness to that part of the building where they are located. Mr. Neild has also arranged his photographic exhibits in a very attractive manner, and a circular panorama of Sydney that has just been tilted up gives the visitor a good idea of what the parent city is like. The Victorian court was specially thronged with visitors on Tuesday, doubtless on account of so many excursionists having come across from Melbourne in the morning. The fern grotto was admired on all hands, and the excellent arrangement of the various show cases, which are located so as to display their contents in the best manner possible, was con tinually commented upon. Mr. Menz is hastening on with the erection of his biscuit trophy in the South Australian sec tion of the main buildiDg, ; It will be extremely handsome and comprehensive in its character, and Mr. Menz hopes to have it completed by the end of the present week, Mellor Bros, had a revolving showcase stationed on the left hand side of the main entrance on Tuesday. It serves to illustrate their well-known stump jumping ploughs when in action, and so novel is it in character and construction that it ob tained attention during the whole of the day and evening. Every day sees fresh improvements male at the Exhibition, and the erection of cases and the painting and decoration of the same is going on all around. In the western annexe tnis is particularly noticeable, and it will take tssro or three weeks yet before things are properly in order, Mr. Hardt has received about 40 more cases, and it need hardly be said that he is as busy as he well can be, Mr. Mandere, too, is getting his huge Canadian safes-a patent that does away with the necessity of a key, and consequently renders the work of the burglar a matter of extreme difficulty-in position, and on Tuesday he unpacked further novelties, which when exposed to view are certain to prove " a big draw." Mr. Charles Atkins has finished the erection of a beautiful showc se for A. B. Fleming & Co., of London a ad Edinburgh, the well-known lubricating oil manufacturers. The case is located near the principal entrance to the western annexe. More lager beer and whisky trophies are going up in the basement, which will doubtless during the warm summer days prove one of the most frequented parts of the building. On Tuesday afternoon the band of H.M.S. Nelson attended at the Exhibition, and gave a concert in the main hall, which wa3 throDged with visitors during the whole of the time their performance lasted. The following wastheprogrammeOverture, "Romantique" (Keler Bela); ode, "Victoria" (Garter); linale, "Stradella" (Flotow); valse, "Gliding" (Lewifc); selection, "Maritana" (Wallace); and galop, "Sans Sonci (Hity). It has been suggested that to add to the attractions of the Exhibition recitals^of a popular character should from time to time be given on some of the tine organs or pianos in the main building or western annexe. Such recitals would serve a double purpose, They would advertise the instruments as well as make the Exhibi tion additionally attractive, and perliap3 the authorities will see fit to act upon this suggestion, which we have always seen carried out elsewhere. If the Exhibition is to be made a success some popular form of enter tainment must be provided. We understand an endeavor is to be made to have the trowel used by his Excellency the Governor on the occasion of the laying of the Exhibition on view in the main hall, The attendance was again satisfactory on Tuesday, no less chan 5,366 persons passing thioughthe turnstiles. " The protectionists are up and doing, and the charge of allowing the grass to grow under their feet cannot certainly be sustained against them," says a Wellington newspaper corres pondent writing on June 16. "In fact, the veiy night after Parliament was prorogued a monster meeting was held in Wellington, and there Mr. Ballance, the Minister for Lands and Native Affairs, unfurled the banner of protection, and all the speakers who followed him spoke most enthusiastically and hopefully of the cause. Mr. Ballance went BO far as to declare that whether or not the Customs duties had to be incteased 5 or 50 per cent., local industries must be encouraged, and this declaration was cheered to the echo.. The Otago protectionists, whose league numbers upwards of 1,000 members, are also hard at work, and they intend recommending no other candidates to the electors than those whose advocacy of protection is unmistakable. In deed, it may be safely assumed that almost the whole of the city seats throughout the colony will be won by protectionist candidates; and if the various leagues continue their present activity many of the country constituencies will be induced to reject their old free-trade representatives. That a new order of things will be brought about by the tenth Parliament is becoming more apparent every day, and measures, not men, will be the watchword of the people at the approaching elections more than it has ever been before. The electors are really sick and tired of the old monopolists of office, and whatever Ministry is formed after Parliament meets it will contain a considerable infusion of new blood. _ A change in the fiscal policy of the country will be insiated on, and it iB not improbable that a land and income tax upon a graduated scale will be one of the financial reforms adopted. Retrenchment in the public service will be rigidly insisted on, and further borrowing will cease for a time." A meeting of the South Australian branch of the Royal Geographical Society of Austra lasia will be held in the banqueting room of the Town Hall this evening, Sir Samuel Davenport presiding. Papers will be read by the Hon. J. L. Parsons, Government Resident in the Northern Territory, and Mr. David Lindsay. Speeches will be made by the Minister of Education and other gentlemen. ! Our Cleve correspondent under date June i 19 tells the following yarn:-" We have a dog I story here which has excited almost as musn j curiosity as the Yanyarrie ghost story. A Bheepfarmer of this place caught a dog worry ing hiB sheep, and after having been requested by the owner to ehoot the depredator lie tied the animal to a tree, and standing about 10 feet oS fired, the charge striking the dog fairly between the eyes. To make a sure job of it, as he thought, he smashed the dog's head about with lumps of rock. One evening, after being apparently dead for 12 days, the dog revived sufficiently to make his way home to his master's place, where, as may be imagined, he was examined very minutely, to make sure that he waB not the ghost of the dog that was killed. Bat it was the actual dog, and the animal appears to be as well aB ever, althaugh his skull is slightly out of shape, and he bears the marks where , ^5 grains of shot enteredhia forehead." 