? ,. ^ AlLOl^ jV-T. I can give any man fits. rr1l ^I'i 'KT. -Why is an unsound racetlier-in-law?- -Becausehe can't iliteoi^s ... ;elegram comes describing a to*' case of sotting.'' Wrestling matches moving along there. It A KATIVE. i,e Victorian Premier's temir. .mpathetic and cold that it is men' !S 6 0 , U that IK* 'I;ijsjsts chiefly upou ice-ters. • Satn:'•'.v' rdcing at Geelong was the lS' H l Guildford, s who woivmust ^ear-old lem : • • rti| ^ g u r e | J e tender after [e)ij . ' 0 ve • cai'i i fel buggy when he ° ' ') to |•• • i • i e up l o w i runaway n t I i e nag, "you 0 r ee l l i s jld 5 vmiY" like a bad boxer. You can't aB hoss, et - ' n'lws ii -' House alluded to the 0l- 1 { ie !'jt Vi- •), bad distinguished the Tartar itliro"? liliniit i.istory What could you expect Iitftless mi-:-.i y spirit from a ta-ta race ? ,/;./ J ; k blush when he mentioned the §tar i' • auC f . ^ Ujj,| K!: WIFE (looking over her husband's » '*//wW). —• -Charles, dear, who is this?" • £5rU i,i\— T"hat's Brown, an old schooluiiie/ tm Wife- " O H ! ,r I® .Aunt . ,v..:i,. • Wife (coming A n d t h to i s full-length 01 JimiiyhiHo danccr).- But who's this ?" \- * < > 1111 lift's—er—ah !—yes, that's—er— ""{jjjjtli!" Wife.—"Yes. I thought so ; she jlite it," . |jCe„ a. rising of Chinese socialists at Efioiv fu 'I Governor of Keang Su decapibout a d o z e n of them. "These Chinese , i e tas'' ' V e Age London correspondent, cfl s t n felikelvtobe hoard of again." We hardly think nles'the sapient F i t z f o y councillors have the rial contract a n d plant them away alongside the horses jn the Edinburgh Gardens. Ilcsurrjam lnotto up there. old Mrs. Snudgby seldom reads any •in-her paper than the births, marriages, jatlis. Last Thursday, however/a heading ijiqe caught her eye. It read, "The Vegefjroduct Commission." She says. "Them people don't know what they're a Jibout. There was Mr. Speight and a"lot of rjente a jawin" away gbout gum trees and and the newspaper man calls'em vegetables. Hike toset him "down to boil a gum tree till | soft enough for the table. Vegetables, Bo trust that the Geelong Times man has Information. No wonder there was a law at it. He wrote—"The bells of heaven t for joy, and the bells in hell, {for there tin hell) also." If this is right we shan't to go when we die. We^tid expect Ipeath we'd be able%apufroSPft quiet niing's snooze without being driven fly the bell nuisance. We shall be like i^Bold woman clothed in grey-^-' tasc-queuce was when the last mortal throe fasedher pale ghost from these regions of woe, Klittle old woman had nowhere to go. EBtraM is getting philosophical. It asks, hutterspirit, or is it not? Or what is spirit? " t is matter?" We give this conundrum up lefta time of asking. We.don't know, and we Rtarc either. As far as we ourselves are con- ,tc are virtuous eriSifgh, but PUNCH'S baldi engineer says that as far as his experience j,when lie returns to the domestic and conpl hearth as the pellucid shades of evening are Tig rosy beams on the etiolated clair-oseuro of jflgwood flat, why then, if there is any trace of about him, he quickly learns what's the ir-unaiu the most convincing way, and one [itaxcs our philosophy to the utmost. is a terrible breach of privilege from a larat paper :— pGUJiCY.-Duncan Gillies was brought up on remand, ijMvitl] being an idle and disorderly person, having *lawful means of support. Constable Morrison Mtliat prisoner, .who presented a woe-begone Weetitute appcarancer, had for some time past been ® S out a miserable existence in a dilapidated hut JlwmofMr. S Edward,Co£fey at Beale's Reservoir. K»unaij]e to work, and had been mainly subsisting ™® '.v. The Bench considered it would be an act of ri commit him- to" gaol, when he would have a R? to recruit, and, therefore, sentenced him to be TOOM for three months. "has it come to this? And so soon, too? We TOttliu Premier's Budget speech meant a brea the system, hut were not prepared for such a •detay ! Three mouths in Her Majesty's Gaol. f-„Poor Duncan ! Have all thy portfolios to this ? Has thy sin of perversion to found thee out so soon ? J 11 this item from the mail news in the Age: lion C1) t gest scientific committees ever ' $thev in s li,11 Knglandj and on which appear the ' ot such men as Paget, Brunton, Lister and reported favourably-on Dr. Pasteur's laatt knowing. what happens to be ilvf ' n o ' t ; Pasteur, we, of course, can fc! tr Ult j 1 2"ient as to the advisability of ^t rm f a u,1 - it's caused Niv lM 0 0 1 1 ' 1 0 1 1 1 0 ^ e x a n y i i n e l l reasonable i m enough, tlv 1 ei Cise '^pliantly m a to names of persons «tl 3 T S n " cycles? "We have iSeio v V n i n the s c Sportsman, i e u t i f i c the Referee and fcon { f Gazette and can find no k , J' one of these persons, either as a 01 an tl or wrestler. How can it be called a -' w, »ttee without Jem Mace, tl' ^"arley c o m i Mitchell l or Jim Carney ? In ^se liniiies we purposely confine ourt« tlie , old U T - country. America has her erX ^ ; aud Australia her I ^] 1 i lier l r a i n Hicken, e either of whom 1'""'gly e w t r m Ijack, o r Marquis of Q.ueensberry • ' any of this so-called scientific U)st bA]lu rj'eiltly " We arc pleased to say that our baby i^icliBtVv America]) Co.'s Hop Bitters by its -"T.. 50 S o f restored lier to perfect health ^'PAIUSKTS. ! m o , i m e See WE'VE frequently lost a train or a 'bus, but we never thought of advertising for it. Somebody in South Yarra is of a different opinion, however. He, or likely she, advertises in Monday's Age :— "I OST, Thursday afternoon, omnibus South Yarra to Melbourne, black hand bag. The idea of offering a reward for a lost afternoon. It seems absurd to waste a shilling over a lost 'bus when y.ou've only to wait a few minutes, for another one, which will take you where you want to go for threepence. 