OL'R TAR IS LETTER. ' fVMOM Ol'tt Otvx CnRHElrOXDEvr. J PARIS. IBtii iJECKitaxB. J. ke pleasure, to overthrowing Caicuets, if too often repeated, we beoutne in.l.f e eut. Public opinion felt about a ugrct lor the coliap.-c of ,-M. de Frriiiue. .-i.«t joy ut ! the nuinioatioii of his henchman, wl. G-.hlet, to ! the succesuoii. ami thai was apparently none | at all. There is no valid reason why lb ! otto | should he cutrtiite.l to drive the State coaclr rather than .the other.- Mt. de Freyeinc-t is not so much a than of courage as of jinr.r sc. -This I explain.; why. lie desired to hack out of the responsibility .in pie, once the -danger- our events . now surging iu Kitrope. and to he ready-fur that object of his' ambition — replacing M. Gtevy, whom a section of the . press so unw isely asserts to lag super iiuously ou the political stage. It is well bnutrn that no gteatrr joy could he conferred- on that model and upright President than to ueriurt j him to retire Isrcf.n Nestor hui a right to rejisse.- and a Cinciunatus to definite rctieal. The political situation seems to be all out of gear. . No chart cvidcutly cxisls for plain sail- iug. Jvvory party or coterie follows its own course, il. de Vreycinet apparently aimed to row iu ull the hosts, but went- down not the less. -. His- ' promises were too honeyed for genetal acceptution— even did he keep them, which he did cot. At the ci.d of his short year's Premiership he has no balance to. his credit. France is now in such a nervous, such nn out-of-sorts condition ' that her positive safety 'resides ! in some kind, of vigorous treatment, j '. It would uot be. sttrptising it the Goblet Ministry were ancient history before ' Camllc- i. mas day. It is not a week old, and death has j ulready knocked Tit its ribs. "That's hard on j infancy. Neither it. Goblet nor any coming I Premier can count upon a stable working | majority in- the Chambers, aud to dissolve the j inter would only aggravate the evil. Nor call the Cabinet stand still ; de lYeycine't's fate is ! for that policy a Hanqno ghost ; if it goes for- wsrd it -stands allTheccha'!fccs'to he v, ''recked. There are thtee main political patties, who want t thrfie tffiSoi'uicly "difrcfc:it"lhlh'jis'"TMbunrclisfi!, ' -Opportunists faud Radicals will no more mix than oil or .vinegur henceforward.- Perish everything; save our doxv," exclaim the an tagonistic triumvirs. - \- Jf SI. Goblet, who is a plucky but not 'a rash unm, docs uot tell us what he will do, he tells what he will not do. Thus lie will not make a Star -Chamber matter of the separation of Church from Stale, -lie is right in adopting Gamtctia's sagacity— OToid it : but that will nut add to his official longevity-. ' His It ux- eyod adversaries w-ill tiip liim up ly a snatch mujuiity. Pet haps the financial difficulty has as much, or mote, w do with tho chronic confu sion than any other single cause. The Minis try is suspected lo harbor the design of intro ducing ah income tax, and thu populace press is signiliciintiy 'drawing attention lo the i;s?Crl tiou that, similarly as iu Russia, the poor pay the lioh's share of l-hc tuxes. After all, the middle classes will have the last word in tho verdict of tho nation on every life and ucath question.- - It was they who gave the first liiorLtil wound to (lie 1 od 3 republic, fur ils uueiiiptdib to raise the witr.l by a direct rate of 9 sous per patriot — the thin edge of the wedge. The same classes Will form a Grecian phalanx oppositiou to the income tax, because it is 'a new impod, litis directly an-.l pokes iitto private affairs. 1 think a h'renchmatt has no objection that yon- Inquire into ail the family secrets, poop nr all the skeletons iu the cup board — but a void uxatiiiniug hia ledger, his bank or his depositor's hook. 1: will require a fitiftitciul Minister of a Bully, Colbert, Turgot, Ne. kcr, Luttis strength to pilot .the Treasury into lite situation of a tevcticc with' tbe difi-iri 'cucc 'on the side of receipts. The'uext big thoitt, out of a crown of thorns; is Germany. It would not'- tie .ot reel to' say peace is more probable than war. Indeed, it looks, from thinly disguised pt operations, that the shock of arm i is nearer tlmu'wliat many think or would like to believe. A l'inv years ago, if Coutte de Mollke ha-l spoken as hj Iijs recently ihme, he' would llavei almost produced a cold shiver' iti' France. That lias not been the case.ttotv. The French feel they are on their legs again, but. it: would not be just Lo conclude they tire anxious for war. They know that their national existence depends on the next hazard ; of the die." Germany mail France cannot -continue ' aug menting their terribly bloated armaments, which are frigh teuiug such minions as - Bel gium, Holland, Switzerland and Denmark into looking to their self-defence. ' As neither rea son, tcligion nor philanthropy can briug about a cessation of the killing preparations, humanity is compelled to try the old Kilkenny eati solution. - - As Russia has failed in her kuonl aud hoot policy in Bulgaria, France, which more or less admired that policy, mast share in the discredit 'of the breakdown. The desire to jog' along with Russia, "whether in hall-joke or whole earnest, is nut so demonstrative iu the Frettch press as formerly. It is rather nn'tlie relation; oi Turkey with the Muscovite that diplomatic glares arc lixe.i.- If lite Bultao has succumbed ro the calculations of the C'zur, that Will only hasictt the federation of the Balkan -'Slutes; with leave for Macedonia t-j join iu. It is rumored that Bismarck aidently desires to improve the present occasion once for ali, to lay tlu ' eternal, " that hitherto irre pressible, Kuslerit npcstiou, ' The firiug at Ktigliind respecting ihe evacua tion of Kgypt lias -slnckcned. The fact is being perceTvcU' bv Frcnehmi.-ii 'that quitting at a dale fixed, and when work is 'satisfactorily done is not exactly the sumo thing.' Except those juuruals known to have financial buckets iuteie.ted' iu the flesh pots of Egypt there is no solid and straight public opinion, txpectiug England to decamp so as to allow l-'raucc or chaos to Ci-me again. But what has operated as u (louche is the quadruple alliance of Ger many, Austria, Italy and Eugland, This not only isolates France, hut sinks her deeper iu her isohitiuii.- To tear the veil from all the hypccrisies surronudiug the Egyptian qucstiou, England will never quit Egypt till assured her high road to India and Australia will be iu as sale hands to guard as her own. Madagascar lias to be either conquered or given np. The last drop in tho cap of bitter ness was appointing General Willottghby, the Queen of the Ilova's' ambassador, to England. Her black majesty will not allow, no more than woul-,1 France in her own case, any foreign iu- terfercnce with home affairs. It is very ques tionable if the Chambers would vote au expe dition to conquer Madagascar hence the ulter- r.ative of withdrawal. Similarly at , Tonquin ; the tuition would never have gone in for that deplorable take — that Danaid's sieve anil Pan dora's . box united — had they known the bitter pills they- had to swallow, and the heavy bills to settle, with black flags ever ou the watch to loot ami dacoit. There is nothing current about Hie New llcbrid-. s ; the triangular duel between Franco, Australia and England seems to have died out. One point is ee. tain, the Ftench have not left : by this, their residence will have drifted into ' rights," aud no final control can take place — j — the cxperiineuiiobviug been tried aud fouud I wanting in the land of Goshen. JI.mi,' jaos,'. ! (lect- ... The next — perhaps it should have beeu ranked the first — mcst important subject is the goings on of lh.> fasting man Merlatti. He faithfully executed his penance at the Grand notel. For 50 days he lived on himself, plus j an unstinted supply, of filtered water. His iron will, hjs iudomituble courage to accomplish his feat, ensured his success. During Ins ovolu- ' tiou from a robust young man to a living ske'.eion. he passed a good deal of his lime paiutiug pictures, ifiiarity bazaars ; his sleeping was of the five character. .Science had sot much to sec ia tbe experiment, apart I from the etunt of will to tame hunger. " Met-' I latti was not lunch worn away iu the features ; hut his limbs wVre -i.upie : k. u u ml bone. He | ciuld nut staud "in '.hmt on the fiftieth day. j The doctors s-.emefi ai.x'ous to lest the efficacy j of //-/., and meat u t for his first "bite I und sup hi- :-:,ii.-i;ch refused .them : ou the other i a ! i: took kin l!y to a 'special ptepata- inii .1 u' o- ul. e auJ urscniate of iron. He \- will r, qo.iL- 15 i!.tys of baby care, before he could dine with the Lord Mayor of Louvton. He cauaot have made money by the fc'es— -2 aud 5,f. — to look ut hit sufferings) because the hotel hilt was very heavy. ' The ass.zi-s in,., being held have revealed a terrible calcudur of uext to inhuman crimes. Note tha fact — rach- couutry has its speciality of ootij for their cbimuisMou ; they baTe been prompted to anticipate the succession to pro perty ; it. was. the business oi removing im pedimenta. Summarily A mother, aged 72, was assassinated by Iter two. sons, Iter, daughter, and the lutter's husband, by being pluce.l alive Oyer a specially prepared' kitchen lire, after till had been well sprtukicd with pelroleunn jiler little grand children vveto .the. sole and uncoil- ciuuJ spectators of the horror, happily (for jus tice). and unhappily. This was iu Normandy. Iu thu Ardenhe- a mun wus bludgeoned by bis two brothers and sjstor- iii-laiv. ' They then cut him up, boiled .Jits .flesh with 'greens for the pigs — the auiuitis after a while refused tho couipouud— und smashed ihe bones, scattering the i/iin's- niitoiig rocks. - At Byrileaux a wouiap,, aided . ,hy . her Sim, aged 27,. is arraigucd for ' killiug. her husband, tlteu catling the' body to a caiitil 3 miies away and jiitcifiuJ it ' therein. 'A father with u lazy son could uot. keojt tim hitter from stealing into tho house and emptying the pantry of food. He had long since disowned the young mum— .aged 30— the father set afrap of poisoned soup, which the son' swallowed' atid uearly ex- pired. '. Keuoreriug after a few days the father delected him stealing through- a window, mid sliot him ileail..-. tie vtisjiiarcd not the slightest regret for thedeeiC j V , . 'society, is commencing to be-. a shade more lively, aud eouiitlg;Up to a standard of eTen lirilhuhcv'; Busittcss ' is al-'o some degrees mere healthy,, .audj- Irs aidL.padiug de.timtely.-. with, 'the four years of- jeaa1 k-itte. -This rift iu the clouds was badly' needed. 1 b.'ii.eve no oiic but the sufferers will ever knqvv what thcy have had to endure. 'In Other, countries basitiess was bad, in the sense of jirbtils being reduced to a rniui- mum. Iu Fiance there are no profits at all, but a steady i un of loss. It is in adversity the besli traits of the French character appear. Railway receipts are augmenting ; that is an excelleut barometer of houte prosperity, much more so .than ' the variuns 3; -V anil 5 per cents. Another but not infallible indicator are the theatrical receipts. There also are going up, bul, straugcly enough, not ovviug to any new pieces,' but to popular selections', from o.tt rfjjtctuircc, Tito . opera-coiuique .has just brought out a uevv -fuur uct comedy, Egmoni. The story is good, .all ubout the Duke of Alva's government -ol tho low countries, hut the music is bad.- 1; tnakbs less money thud Offenbach's La Belle Ue'liiuc revived its a thing of beauty, al the Varieties theatre. Sardou's Pal lie, done into a lyrical' drama, will be olli.-jally brought out iuk' few days.- 'Tlie pri vate-public -view is favorable to lbe vvork He lias a drama on the eve of represculatiou called the Crocodile, froiii the name of . a Dutch packet,' hound to Java. " It is proclaimed u success by the puff- nruiiuiiuurists. 