OUTOFTHE DEPTHS A TALE OF TERROR. CHAPTER Tin. TOE E8FI0T10E. Baymond nod first intended to bo driven to various parts o£ tho city to make inquiries concerning hlorigny, but chanced his purpose and returned directly homo. " "Wnat success ?" asked Aladamo do YUlanville, with affected careless ness. Tho young man ubserved that his £athcr looked up anxiously for his reply. " Tho doctor was not at homo, and what is very singular, has boon abjoat omo eighteen hours." Monsieur do Villanville sottlod back in his chair, and refrained from en countering tho ovo of Raymond; whilo Mmlamo threw a side-long glance at his Hushed Lice. "Quite unfortunate!" mho obaorvod. "Eighteen hours is a long timo for a physician to ho away from his office, whoa thoro &ro;, doabtloss, crowds at bis door, demanding hi sorrices." "It is extraordinary !" said Bay mond. " His absence will net appear so remarkable," answered Do Villan- villo, " if yon reflect that tho plaguo is abroad. Ho has probably joinod tho solemn procession of his patients. Many that walked tho ground yostor- dar aro beneath it to-night." " His sister is moch alarmed." r u Sister?" repeated his father. " Yes, a roung and lovely crcataro,1' returned Raymond. " Many sisters aro bereaved. Tho j callow destroyer is no respecter of persons," said rnadamo. " Think of Catholino," sho added, sighing. "I have thonghb— I rfo think of ber !" exclaimed hor son. " Tho idea of her sudden death and hnrriod burial haunts mo liko a ghost. How is your bead, mother? You aro palo ; it still aches. I am going out to search for Doctor Merigny." " You need not ; I asanro you I am better. It is grief and consterna tion that make my brow throb. What can medicino do for tho sickness of tho mind? Do content, Baymond." "Consider tho distress of Made- moiselloMcrigny ! Common humanity urges mo to make an effort to find him. brother, you are too pitying to attempt to deter mo." " b\ hat can you do ? Nothing. "Whom can you ask for information ? "Which way will you go ? Consider tho impracticability of running this way and that, among so many people, in whom the love of self- preservation is paramount to every other thought. Let the dead bury their dead !" ' Mother, who attended Catho- lina?" Baymond put this interrogatory with an abruptness that embarrassed both modame and monsieur. They looked at each other. " Wo sent for 00x1001117 physician, bat a stranger came, anu too late/' said his mother. " Doctors aro always too late for this devourer of human life." "What timo did ho arrive ?" con tinued Baymond, with a pertinacity that annoyed both. " You should ask any one but me. I havo not been in a state of mind to have a very distinct notion of time. Tho doctor must havo como between 11 and '2, I think. Did he not, Philip ?' she replied, appealing to her husband, ana unconsciously contracting her white brow. ' " Yes. Leonora," raid Do Yillan- vilie, moodily. " Let as tho theme. It is dreadful to hare one's thoughts constantly running on death and doctors. What was that ?" He Btarted as if an unpleasant sound struck his car. " The creak of a shutter, Philip/' ho soothingly replied. "Ah, yes; the creak of a shutter," he repeated. " Eighteen, hoars. That corresponds very well with the statement of Mademoiselle Merigny. I doubt " — Madame shook her head warningly at Baymond, who now discovered that toe subject was distasteful to his listeners. " It is our duty to be cheerful," sho interposed, " and look less at tho da A aide of life. Let everything that saroors of care, anxiety, and dread, bo interdicted. A tranquil mind is the beat antidote to disease. Bay mond, we must be hopeful— -anA ». dent, very prudent, my ton. In toe so \- times, one aught not to go into tho . 1 streets." ' - " If yon really feel better, mother, I will retire to my room, for Lcoafess I have slept little since my return. To L morrow morning I txust tou will see \ me refreshed and cheerful." a\ "Now jou talk liko people of |jl sense," remarked monsieur. "Tako Pl care of yourself, my eon, for you hare (7 much to live for. When this panic i if over, you shall spend a great deal of H money. You will be rich, Baymond j —very rich ! Ah, what is there like II money, after all!" H Do Villanville struck his hands Kf together and arose from his seat ; ho £'- stood a moment in a sombre ecstasy £r; of triumph, then dropped back into WA his chair as if suddenly withered by remorse or terror. «$ "Accursed sound!" he muttered. & "WO! it never cesser" K " He loved the poor child so ten- H derly!" murmured madatno. "Go, B ; my sen, go. The sight of you revives B 'too vividly the remembrance of his Kg toss in Catholina." B Baymuiid left them with conflicting K cmoticss swaying to and fro within him. Ho could not toll why ho felt roliovcd whoa ho was alone, with their questioning looks no longer upon him. It was something now to bo ill at caso in tho proaonco of thoso dear to him br tho strongest ties of nature. A shadow had fallen bo- tween them and himself, tho moaning of which ho conld not comprehend. There was a secret terror in nis soul, of tho existence of which ho scarcoly had knowledge. It could not bo said thathn had distrusted, for his thoughts luid taken no dofinito direction, and wcro too troubled and discarsivo to grasp anything tangible. His mother had spoken of rest, but his mind was too much like an agi tated sea to admit of repose. Catho lina, Mademoiselle Mongny, and the doctor could not for a momont bo banished from his perturbed brain. Each and all seemed connected with this present lifo. Tho air of his room was close and suffocating. It ap peared to him that he could not breatho it with safety. Ho opened a window and put forth his head, that tho cool atmosphere of tho gathering night might fan his face. " I will fulfil my promise to Made moiselle Merigny," ho said by-and- bye, when ho had listened somo mi nutes to tho roar of tho river, tho waters of which were List beta ob scured by tho deepening twilight. Ho remembered his mother's warning respecting the pestilence, and added, "Thoso Uve longest who fear tho least ; beeidee, thera is no immunity of place; death creeps oliko into hovels and mansions. I will go ont ; I will inquire for tho doctor; after words I .will haston to Mademoiselle Merigny." Making somo changes in his dross, and arming himself, he stealthily loft tho - house. He had reached tho street, when, to his annoyance, ho met Pierre Lereao, a person to whom ho had already taken a strong dislike. ""Will you ride, Monsieur Bay mond ? " "No!" "Monsieur knows that everything is at his disposal." Pierre's manner was quiet and assured — more liko that of a superior than a subordinate. "Very true," answored Baymond. " No ono is bettor aware of the fact than myself, but I prefor my foot to night." "Keep tho plaguo in mind, mon sieur." " I have no fear. Inform no ono that I am not in my room." " Pardon, Monster Baymond, but what strongo jewel is that which shines liko a serpent's cyo on your breast ? " "That," replied Baymond, colHy, " is a bricklayer's troweL" Pierre fell back a step, stood still, and stared at the young man." " A bricklayer's trowel ! " ho repeated, almost inaudibly. Baymond glanced at him and passed on, remarking to himself, 'My trowel affects every one in this house like a talisman. I wonder what secret influence it has. Jt was not very late; bat a cloud charged with rain hung over the city,' A fine watery mist floated in tho asr,: which soon began to fall slowly in drops. Baymond paused at the first corner, to learn iz he was followed by Pierre. Ho waited but a moment before seeing a man sickling after him, whom no had no difficulty in recognising. When ho was opposito the cerner, tho young man stepped, forth and confronted him, much tq his embarrassment. i "Where are you going?" asked Baymond. "To a wine-shop just above/' stammered Pierre. "You were following me," said, Baymond, sternly. " Yea, I confess it. Ahv sir, do not expose yourself to the contagion. You arc young, and have much to live for. with you life is at a higher premium than with thoso muerablo ones who die in huts and hovels and by the wayside." Pierre spoke in a voice of friendly yet earnest remonstrance. Baymond was cot so much touched by his devo tion as Pierre thought, under the cir cumstances, he ought to be. " I do not pretend to fathom mo tives," the young man replied; "butl know that your watching cannot keep \- - God .only can con- " True, monsieur ; but there is such a virtue as prudence, you know. What would monsieur and modame ay if they know yea were abroad, traversing the pestilent streets ?" "1 hare a talisman that will protect me." "A talisman ?" " Yes/ answered Baymond, with firmness. "This magic trowel will protect mc. "While i wear it, no earthly power can barns me." > Baymond m»Ai» this bold avowal without premeditation, and with -no particular motive in view; it wps a a udden flash of imagination, which he expressed as it come; bat the de claration, simple as it was, appeared to fall with great weight on the mind of Pierre, who, having remained silent a moment, remarked in a troubled ti-ice — "You certainly do not believe in charms? Monsieur is jesting." Hay mood, perceiving that his impro- v:>td intention rbad nffected Pierre,: li.i»tcceu to bolster it np with a new; fi«tion. " liic-ie it, u tz&age; secret couuec ted tritL this trciret. Every night it mystorioualy disappears, but returns at a certain hour. ' " Impossible 1" Fiorro I.ereau triod to laugh, but his throat omitted a husky, unnatural sound. "Really, you aro facetious! Ha, ha !" Baymond maintained a gravo si lence. "At what hour duos this mystic trowel disappear, Monsieur Ray mond?" Pierre laughed again aftor this interrogatory, yot waited with evident intoreat for an answer. " Ono hour before midnight, and re. turns ono hour after; which makes an absence of two hours." "Midnight — two hours!'' repeated Pierre. " Very extraordinary. "Fast belief!" said Baymond, wondering at tho manifest credulity of his listener. " I know not what you know, nor tho meaning of this ailly inrention ; but I warn you, young man, not to ropoat it to your father, who is a matter-of- fact man, and bates tho meaningless embellishments of fancy that some times divert othors. Talk plain com mon senso to Monsieur do Villanville. His nervous system has been shocked ; at times he is liko a musical instrument out of tuno. Bo careful how you touch tho discordant notbs." Pierre spoko hurriedly, and with forced calmness. " I need ok no ono how I shall deport myself toward my father/' returned Baymond, quietly. "Ah, monsieur, your mannor of telling a story is aumirablo. Truly, your gravity imposed upon my sonscs. You young fellows learn so much at college ! A talisman ! Ha, ha ! Mystic trowol ! Goes away and comes back again. Ah, bal Excel lent in its way. "Would Monsieur Baymond consent to sell mo tho won derful jewel?" "It is not for salo. Go back, Pierre ; you havo already detained mo too long." " Yes, 1 will go — I am going. But bo careful, Baymond — bo careful 1" Pierre's voico had a singularly warn ing sound, which rang in tho young man's ears long aftcrho had loft him, perplexing him not a little. I TO »» CimtlNCIP.) 