Miscellaneous From our English files to hand to February 11, we clip the following interesting items'— The Queen is entertaining visitors at Osborne, tbe guests for the most part being invited to join the Royal circle in the drawing-room after dinner. At the end of February her Majesty and Princess Beatrice remove to Windsor Castle, some of the apartments of which, during the Queen's, absence, have been fitted up with the electric light. The Queen holds two Drawing-rooms at Bucking ham Palace in March, before proceeding to Aix-les- Bains for a spring sojourn. Her Majesty visits Birmingham on May 14. February 10 was the 47th anniversary of the Queen's wedding-day. The Queen has forwarded to Mrs. Kendal a beautiful brooch, the design being the -Royal Crown, composed of diamonds, rubies, and sapphires. The gift is in remem brance of Mrs. Kendal'a viBit to Osborne last week, when she performed before her Majesty and members of the Royal family. L The Duke of Orl-ms, one of the expelled French princes, came of age on L ^^y, February 6. The Prince - f Wales has gone to Cannes, and will open the church whi. a has been erected there by the Queea as a emmorial of the late Duke of Albany. The Duchess o Albany will proceed to Cannes to inspect the church, and visit the villa, in which her husband died. The Princess of Wales and her daughter remain at Sandringham. The Jubilee festivities at Windsor will include some dramatic performances. 70,000 lady collectors are now working in the interests of the Women's Jubilee Offering. The Queen having intimated that she would consider the gift of Bn equestrian statue of the late Prince Consort, to be placed in Windsor Park, as a touching personal present from the women of England, their Jubilee Ottering will be devoted to this purpose. The Queen announces that she has decided not to accept Jubilee testimonials from any representative bodies. It is said that there will be considerable gaiety in the fashions during this year of Jubilee. A lady recently bought, at a West-end establishment, a pair of stockings at the price of 12 guineas, and the following day sent on a cheque for £144 for a dozen pairs. Lord Napier of Magdala has been installed as Governor of the Tower, when he was handed the keys on behalf of the Queen. Hon. F. Strutt, eon of Lady Belper, after lying insen fiible forover four months from an accident, has recovered consciousness. The Countess Grcsvenor, widow of Earl Grosvenor, and mother of the heir to the Westminster estates, was married on Monday, February 7, to an army officer. A, lady applied to the Southwark magistrate for assist ance. Her mother, who recently died, would not, she said, tell the children who their father was, but the appli cant had since learned that be was no other titan the excise officer O'Connor, who waa murdered by Mr. and Mrs. Man ning in 1849. If this could be proved, her children would be able to recover some property. The magistrate advised the lady to consult the newspaper files in the British Museum, O'Connor was invited to the Mannings'* house, when they murdered him, and then buried the body under the hearthstone. Mrs. Manning, who was a beautiful woman, was hanged in a black satin dress. There is a proposal to reopen the Alexandra Palace. A ghost, which had kept the villagers of Rossett, Chester, in a state of alarm, was captured^by a dog, ana turned out to be a man dressed in white. By order of the vicar, the skeleton of a Roman lady found at Pluuistead has been buried in the churchyard. The coffin, which was a great curiosity, has alto been in terred, to the regret of Kent archaeologists. When the channel steamer Brighton went down last week there was included in the freight a coffin containing the re mains of a lady named Marecoaux, intended lor interment in Jersey. The coffin eventually floated, and, being picked up off the coast of Alderney, was sent on f cr interment. A runnel to relieve the traffic on London Bridge is being constructed under tha Thames. The bodies an being removed from the burial-ground at the Tower of London to open up an approach to the n«v bridge. The death-roll of the week includes : Sir Charles Mac* gregor, of Indian Mutiny fame; Lady Cotes, aged 85; Dr. John Watte, a well- known Manchester politician; Lord Deas, a Scottish Judge, aged 83; Mr. Thomas Elliot, the breeder of Cheviot sheep ; Mr- Petor Rylands, M.P. for Burnley, aged 63 ; Dowager Lady Bedingnold, aged 80. At Nottingham a man who was bitten while interfering in a dog and cat light has died from hydrophobia. A young man was choked at a wedding feast in Yarpole At Blair'gowrie a pedlar was accidentally strangled by the strap of his pack. A youth fell out of a railway carriage as the train was going through Denbydale Tunnel, and was killed. Two Roman chariots were overturned during the race at the Olympia, causing the death of one of the female drivers. Princess Beatrice's infant continues to thrive. During the stay at Osborne special apartments, luxuriously fur nished, have been set apart tor the Royal baby. During a storm in the Highlands a father and two Bons were struck by lightning while seated at their own fireside, near Laird. They were paralysed and rendered quite helpless. A poor widow and her six children suffered from poison ing at Chiswick, two o£ the laiter dying. It haa trans pired that they were poisoned by impure air, all having1 slept huddled together in a email room in which a lamp was burning. Two children were burned to death in their beds at Ashiord. A man who committed suicide at Manchester left a letter telling those who contemplated matrimony to beware of mothers-in-law. A Socialist who hissed in a Bermondsey church has been sentenced to three weeks' imprisonment for ' brawling.' A young man was stabbed to death in the streets of Manchester bv members of a rival gang of desperadoes known as 'Scuttlere.' Members of the 'High Kip Gang,' a band of ruffians, pillaged several shops in Liver pool, and stabbed those who offered resistance. Four men are in custody. At Gedling two men agreed to commit suicide together. One died, and the eurvivor, being found guilty of the murder of his companion, was sentenced to death. At Hoxton a young woman was murdered as she lay in bed by some one who entered the house early in the morn ing. Suspicion fulls upon a former lover, who has since absconded. At Brunn, Austria, an innkeeper, bis wife, and son are charged with murdering and burying 11 oerams who from time to time stayed in xho house.' The telephone is now laid between France and Brussels, and the Queen of the Belgians, in her own capital, was enabled to listen to a reliearsal at the Paris opera. The ex- Emperor of China has been making a pilgrimage to the tombs of his ancestors, where he burned much gold and silver in order to supply their needs in the world of spirits. A young lady of good family has just married, by proxy, an anarchist lying under sentence of death in America. As the authorities would not permit such a ceremony to take place, the culprit prepared a written document deputing his brother to act in his stead, the proxy- bridegroom giving the responses in the name of his imprisoned brother. A minister in Pennsylvania, detecting the odour of in toxicating drinks in a bridegroom's breath, stopped when hallway through the marriage 6ervice, saying that he had resolved never to marry a man any way under the influence of liquor. The ice carnival is in full awing at Montreal, where a magnificent ice palace has been erected. Naples is once more buried in enow. 