A CHURCH CENTENARY. A It ETHOS PECT BY BISHOP BARRY. PAST. PRESENT AND FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS. In commemoration of .the 100th anniversary of the consecration of the first colonial bihot> of the Church of England, special thanksgiving service. were held yeuuruay in St. Andrew's Cathedral, the proa -hci? being — in ihe morning, i the Kcw );. (\ Uvck. ; in the afternoon. Canon ) Ring; ami in thu evening tiie Bishop of Syd- ! ney. For his text his Lordship cliose Kph. ill., j D — "That ye may be able to comprehend what j is the length and breadth and depth and height." Bi.ziiop Baiiuy said : This is emphatically a have but just kept the jubilee oi a gloiious ana biatnelcss reign over tho whole British Empire ; we are already preparing to celebrate the cen tenary of this colony, the mother colony of what must be a great nation in the future, still (as we trust) bound up iu the unity of the greater English race. To-day iu', a3 church- uiL-n, keep another ceiituun.al anniversary iu that growth of the colonial cmtrch, which, slowly for the first half century, swiftly in the last, has striven to keep pace with the wonder ful growth of the colonies thcmsc-lve. It i an anniversary, lc&a; popular, luss Mbuit-.liJ, yet it marks an epoch in the lite of the Ctnuch of England which is at least, as old as the .State of England, and in the larger life of the Church of Christ, which goes o:i unbroken while kingdoms wax aud wane, and which Miall live are toki) continue till the end of all things heralds the Second Corning of our Lord. Now, my bruthren, in those rt:t:o?poct there is some thing more even than fiomiment. although sentiment is one of the great powers which move the wutui. Unr age has been taught with special emphasis the teaching value of history, not only in it? lessons of warn- iug and eiK.'jurngjni'jnl, but uh-o iu thu deeper philosophy which recognise iu the past the genus of the present aud future. Foolish, of course, it would he to make such retrospect the staple of our thoughts, either in the individual , or the national life. But fur ail thing there is ; a season. At right season we may spare time i to look back on the wake which the barque of j our fortunes has furrowed in the waters of the past, even while we keen our eyes mainly lbtcl on the helm which guides us onward." or on the storms and calms in thu open rea of pro gress and the rucks and shoal. of difficulty which lie before us. Now. us we thus look back, uuder all forms of retrospect, there is one thing which must come home irresistibly to every thoughtful miud, and it is this : that for ; tne world, aud for us Englishmen especially, j the one part of trt. Haul's aspiration iu the text ; has beeu ceitainly fulffHed by an expansion to ; a degree simply marveilou. in respect of length j and breadth : that what wo have most earnestly I to strive ut:d pray for is the lets obvious and i yet more important extension in respect of : depth and height. The apostle unite the two : ;:i the .-.pirituai growth of the soul and of the ; church, as it. deed they are united in all natural ' giowth under the law of God, as of tiie tree' i widen .strike- its roots uc-per as il fjuvmls it.H 1 branches wider, and a of the river, which widens | and deepens at once as il rubs down to ; these u But that harmony is seldom perfect ! in thu actual growth, of Uhristlanity in the ; wutiu. In different ages, pjiiians, different sides of thu world have been m tarn nioto fully realised ; there are time's when width trrow. at thu expense oi depth and loftiness ; there are Others when these have brought the penalty o: ' an iron limitation. Lut us inquire how thus stands with us and in relation tu thu period ia thu life of our church on which wo dwell tc-.iuv. A iiltTiiosi'Lcr. Look back on the last century — mainly on tho last oO years — and, in spite of all defccta and drawbacks, how wonderful has been the extension of our own church life over the grow ing area of English power and duty 1 A hun dred years ago. j Uz : at ter thu terrible shock of the lo.?s of England's great American colony which was really the birth of another vast 1 English community, just as the battle o: ; Xhassuy marked the foundation of our wonder- | ful Indian Empire, ja?t before thu landing of a ; mure handful of men on the shores of Fort 1 Jackson, which began the liiMury ot Austral- ; asia, ju.it on the eve of the French Revolution, which opened a new era for all European bo- ' ! cioty, thu Church of England had already felt i thu full force of the spiritual revival under the Wesluvs and Whitfield, which she should have absorbed wholly into her own life, but which. unhappily, drifted iu too great a degree into a movement, mure than half unwilling, of sepa ration where there is no subst.intial ground of difference, .dim e that time three great sniri- i tual movements have passed over thu Church of England, and each has successively found a part ot its expression iu thu visible extension of the Kingdom of GuJ. Thu strong Evangeli cal revival, some years ago, founded the great Church Misionary .Society and naturally kindled afresh the spirit of direct missionary enterprise iu the more personal form of indi vidual setf-duvutioii or uf voluntary association claiming a large degree of independence and embracing chietiy tuu.o who were like-minded in the aspect of their Christian faith. The great church movement which followed — to :uipp!;- ineiil (as i.-> historically eertahij rather than to an t direct that spiritual tervor, through thu development everywhere of the church organi sation, which had won the earlier conquests of thu Cro.zs. Working chii-ily, though not ex clusively, through tho older M i:-iouarv Society, which "originally contemplated not "so much direct aud independent aggression ou heathen dom a the tank of following no by church extension in its widest sen«e the providential growth of the dominion of thu Eugl;sh- peakiug race, p. h;u fairly covered that dominion with daughter colonial churche. each be coming a new centre, buth of church life arid of freh evangelisation. '1 he one colonial bishopric founded in Nova Scotia for the whole of British North America, which during the tirst .V; years of the ceniuiy grew only iuto eight colonial ami Indian sues, can count now (thanks to the rapid progress of thu last half- ceutury) 7b descendant, while iu the sister church of thu LYiited States the three sees of 17.-<7 have grown to «W, ami the formation of almost every new ulucesu mean., as I know, even from what I myself have seen, a new impulse in the onward movement of tiie KinB- doiii ot God. Nurha the third movement, which aims especially at bringing out the har mony of the natural ami the supernatural and the comprehensive power uf Our Master over the whole of human life and society, failed to exercise it. characteristic bitiuonc'e over the missionary extension of the church. It has widened out our conception of thu relation of tho light and grace of the Lord Jc-su.s Christ to all tho various civilisation, literature, philo sophies ami religion of the world, and to all the lower inffuuticu? of culture, materia), intel lectual. social, which must work together for the elevation of barbaric races and tne right I development of new and imperfect civilisation?, i Thus, less visibly, yet p-rhap.s not )es really, it h.n tended to tho true enlargement of the Church of Christ. As at home, so abroad, each of these three great movement has in the main become as.-iniiiaiud in tho general growth of the church as a whole. Not without frequent contlict and aiitazouism, each has contributed new or revived element. o: power, now strongly interpenetrating uacn other, to tho common life. An L a thus thu living energy of church c-xpansiou has grown, so aluo there has been a singular enlargement of the conception of the Gburch of Chris!, a?; exemplified with singular vnvineas in the mB.boa of Engli.h Christi- i unity, am) not ica«t o! our own Church of Enclaud, to the spiritual growth of humanity, which ia (so he has willed it) the special glory of the true Son of Man. The mission is at once one aud mani fold. Thus, in Asia, the marvellous and almost formidable growth of our Indian Empire — the political connection, which we cannot avoid, with Mohammedan power in Turkey or in Egypt — and the irrepressible enterprise of com merce in China ami Japan, bring it into con tact with old civilisations and literatures and religions etill biiviny a stnjjiffai perfection and even beauty of form, but neertinir above all also the infusion oi a new inner spiritual life, capable of BrowinB with the prowtb of knoie- iciljre, freedom, culture, political aud social energy. Tin: v.'ilLK OF THK FI ti RE. IV hat once bad lo be done by Christianity for tho old Roman Umpire lias under changed circumstances to be done once more. 'J'Ue dry bones of grand organisations inns', be made to live again. Then, at thu other extreme, iu . ; Africa and Polynesia, thctu H a wholly diff erent I call, which lay.- on ih not ouly the Chi isthmian- j tion but aLo thu elevation of uncivilised ; races out of barbarism into tine humanity, thu | winning for thum of the trensuies of nature, the creation for them ot organised language and ! literature, (ho riifl 'u.-don of the principles of true social life, thu destruction ot internecine wars of crueitv, slavery, cannibal Km. Once more bar barians of lower and weaker type than the so- calied barbarians of ancient days have to be converted, and, naof old, the groundwork of their future civilisation may be borrowed froui the laws and institutions of our own, but the animating spirit of the new brotherhood must be the spirit of Christ. Yet different from both of these and turciy the Ljos: iu;po:taut of all, is the suecial call to do the grunt work of moulding the growing, vigorous life of our colonies— English, strohirlv, almost passionately English iu heart still, even while they rightly develope iu variety and large measure of iiuiu- : pEndonce. In America. .Australasia, South Africa, with which Los much, very lunch, j o! the future of tho world, their material j greatness is on tin? whoa: asured : the fqUi'ff.imu : of IbitLh subjects scattered over the world ! must he multiplied. I ktww not l.ow rapidly, in ! the next tV» years. But lb-- question of their 1 ; true greatness i in .-".'tne degree, no doubt, an ! intellectual, but mainly a moral ami spiritual ! qu-istion. If it i- lo bv answered auspiciously, it mu>t be aiiivei»oi by th: Word ot God in ; Jesus Chris:— it mu-t be -h'tei mined whether ; the ti.ig of England .-hall be only iu form or iu ' reality 'the banner of the Cross. This extension . of the missicn of the ("nureii of Chris: — to mv : own mind almost hewiiduriug, almost terrible 1 in its vaatuoss— I know that a. yet wo grap it ; but inadequately. Wc cannot look back i on the past "without burning shame in t the sense that tho unworthinc.5 of Chris tians has marred ami disgraced Christianity, ; both negatively, by supine and selfish indiff'e- : jtr.ee, aim positively, by degrading, corrupting, i destroying those whom God would have u? : raise to a purer and diviner life and by re producing in our Christianity abroad all the weaknesses aud miserable divLio; s winch para lyse it at Lome. But yet. i:t spite of ail /hose thin;:, there has been a growth l.eie also iu the )a>t half-century to the conception and partial realisation of ti.e grand ideal. Uud grant that it bo only the earnest of a :.ir grander develop ment in the next. m:mH tr:u::nont.\L ?:man"ai«»n\ Now, thi religious otp-aiiM-m over thu 1 breadth an. 1 length of humanity, i it not. if w- consider it. imply a type ;«:i 1 leading element 1 in the gcnetnl expansion which n so obviously a chtir.tc: ei i tury, ami e-p.wially — after the long struggle of tho great Conti:."!.ial vmr s«» gloriously eloavd ami the reconstruction of our j«u!i- i tical and. with it. our social system at home— j during the la-t a" war.-, of win; lus icm railed ; the Victorian era? Tale' but a tew il)ut:a- ! tion. of that expansion. Tin. re ha buc-n tiie ! vi-ilht exi..niioh of domini'm — sonieti ruea ; ambitiousiy sought, oftcn-.w reluctantly ;> | cvptud as incvitabie — mainly, 1 suppose, | through the respom/tiiliiios of our ever- advancing imiian Empne ami through the ; I natural development uf roam.;/. life and 1 power — .sucti as. now the nnnexniiou of But- I mab, now the a-.-ntnption o: hovyruiguty in 1 I Zuiuland. now the protuct-irati of Nlwv Guinea. | I It ha wnied (men ten it.) even siuce I $37 >o«nu : I iuvvn millions of -qimu: uulus to English ; tciritory. in America, a I learn, in Aiistraiaia. as 1 know, it ha cieated new eonimunitics almost natiomtl in their type in what was . either an entire desolation or a thinly -peopled savage country. Men n.-k with anxiety — a, like ; the fate of some Greek tragedy, '.hi destiny : moves irre -i.-libiy on. ""Where will this .-top? i How shall thi vast ami .seat tuvud empire be held ! together V What, fedcratum shall wan) off' thu ; otuerw!.« inuTiianiu ut-iupuon : mu couTrai energy can be strung enough to circulate warm life-blood through tiusu f.u -re velling limb V" It is hard yet to lirni the am.wui. which never- thule.-s inut bo fou;i growth ic.vur scorns to '.ea u. ami ?ome great j-urpozc it must have, uiuer the I'rovnlence of Gou. n>:i'an.l(ig cr r.:i;i.!sti cuoimkijch. lint even it rapidity of expansion i. out stripped ljy ihoyut swit'n ; oxpaiiziou of English commerce ami of t he unto: pr:-e of English dis covery, alwaya up. c. ting uul to u> new news ut iNnuuitc". a; w;t\ . .utteniling our knowledge and dominion over thu earth and it. uwxu.uiui- ! hie treasure., a. way.- moating and ; mean of rapid intercommunication w.-ucn uritig j uislaiit lane into a virtual near ues? ami an I aimo -t in-tantancou. intD'cbangu of tliought. j It is an expa:»ion which h at mice a rusut; j nnd an education of courage, erHerprie. ! energy, even sacriticu, winch often nut to ( shame iho-e .vho arc tho mBsiomirie. of higher i ami holier cnii-e.. \V« only n aucuua- I lei y when wc sail heme ward from the other end of the world, arid at every halting place J rest under English dominion ami rocoguLe on every -:ea ami in every h iring the predominance I of the English merchant (lag. Not is it wholly materia!. For it tiring. necessarily exnati.sivu- nei-io: knowledge and idea, bjfui'c which old bart iers uf p: ejmiice or e::e;a-i rone.; arc first undermined and t'u.jn swept away, it cements , thu unity of mankind by the lo.v.-r tius of muimn interv-t and mutual needs, aud should Mibsvne — -is historically it. often has subserved — the grow tiro: tho higher moral ties of true brolherhoi.d. nma'sion of tiu common- ti:kasliu-:s or ;n.\;.\\.vtty. Then, in close relation to thute actual ex pansions. there has grown up naturally what, may be, perhaps, better described as diffusion through the great mass of men of the common treasures of their humanity. This last half- century especially has been in this sense also pre-eminently an era of enlargement. There has been, all painful exceptions notwithstan- ding. a great diffusion through the community at large of material comfort and with it of some measure of refinement and culture. There has been— in spite of the awful contrast of the extremes of wealth and poverty of which we as yet know but little here in comparison with the startling exhibition of it in the old country —a larger diffusion, on the whole, of wealth and a steady advance of the wages of labor of ail kinds — far greater (as you know) in tho lesser New Englands abroad than in the great Old England at home. There has been a still greater diffusion of political power and an advance along the whole line of demo cracy — again, far more decided in the colonies which represent more distinctly the advances of our English civilisation, as the old country its consoliuation and perfection. And with this, as was indeed essential, there has been a diffu sion of knowledge, the creation everywhere of complete schemes of popular education, the swift growth of a popular press and a prolific popular literature, the wider extension every - where of scientific knowiudge of university teaching and of the educating power of art especially of music, which is the poetry of the people. Even moral and religious agencies assume every day more of a diffusive character, appealing to the public opinion and judgment relying on the combined service of the many, Even the church herself. especially in her colonial offshoots. feels the diffusive force of the democrative wave and recognises more clearly the inherent powers and duties of the whole body. MENTAL EXPANSION. Nor is this all. ln-ep:iri»iy c-mt:ec;"d witn th'se is a higher exja:;>ion yet of idea— an enlargement bth of mimi ana heart. \\\"u 1 to the domain of .-« iuucu ar. 1 philosophy ; v.»» ai'u struck at onru with a twu-ndd txjiansion — j an increasing divi-uon of hsbor, in virtue ot , which rapid .-pccial advance is ma !»_ at an tr.ii- nitu number of points ; and co-e\i.?ti:ig wttti this and in some .-ene coi rective of it. a -v\ e- <- ing buidness of peneiali-ation, ini.ting on tno CGrreiation of vaiious M/iuncu-, on tie: evoitt! from one germ of varion , graduated mrm oi being and truth, on tho pi") vi.donui acceptance at least of great theories, bringing together in unity the grow,ng v.n;«-iy of jverei facts. We turn to the more dic-ct study of humauitv: in the history, the language, thu literature ot the world, the same phenomenon is ruprouuei.-l. j Everywhere the itcjcazed variety of sjitciai i .study ; every whore the breaking tio wu of o.d ' lines of demarcation bv a greater oumpre-iiun- 1 sivutieSB of idea — combining a'.! .:u. !;?, ids- i torical, .ircb:eologi::al, liuguit.;c, i;:.-rary, in : mutual inffueuc: as eljmun; of a greit whole. : told, of man with tho aiuiy of the nidvcLe, ih-j j study of thu soul witli the .-nniy ot it-: environ. ' luuut o; body and of circumstance. j LXPA.v.sio.v or i i r : 1. 1 1 ; i 1 1 s t»ok.;ht a.vd Mitrnon. I In theology itself how grail hi been this same expansivunoss of thought, and ui'-tnon — in thu Bioical criticism, which iu it - !)"-. en. fllmpu is thu creation uf tub; half-century or less; in thu wider study of the great relign world in relation to our own Eh. is: eirnr v : m the conviction thai the uprumu truth and power of the Gospel of Eiiri.-t must in smiie way allow for, ami h:irnm:u-u witn : hem -ulv- , ! all thu truths discovered by men. ail the forces : which sway humanity. Nor have these uxp.ui- riousbuun — (or in iced they could not bo — murclv itituliu'-tual. Tlmro has grown up with them and through thorn an enlargement of Imarl— ' a wider sympathy between ch-.s-e and chooi 1 of though l iiiuijii'z Hurrelvt: i, iwiioia' .-hihII'I and ! L'oneroiia appreciation ui foreisjn nations and iiviiii of tiie ircaker races in tin: v.-orid, a stronger sen.-c of adilt.v to linmaliit r liichcr and i larger man even pa: noli -in to our country, a | deeper conviction of a liiotlierhood nnderlviti'' ; the wretcned divisions of the kingdom of Hun. I Hard, I know, i. the hattle -.vhich lids prowth ( has to wage against the stunting ami disin'.e- i grating forces, apt to he str.iacct in tin: j strongest earnusLuess — the force; oi lellisliness, j class narrowness, sectarianism in all its form.. But look back, as tve look luck to-dav, and who | cau doubt that it has advanced already, or fail to augur for it a yet greater advance iu the I future ? Yes, clearly in every nay has this j century, and especially iu "last "50 years, constituted au era of expansion, :m 1 au expan sion, unoreover which, amidst Hie shocks of revolution ami convulsions elsewhere, has gone on here steadily, gradually, nil the whole peacefully, without breaking seriously the even tenor of our national life. We iiiank Hod for that enlargement which He has so abundantly given us, hut yet we must not so 1111 our minds with it as to forget the need which that very eulargeraeut makes at once greater and more difficult of satis/action— the need of the less easy, the less obvious extension ' in depth and height." In some past ages (as ha i been well said) the area 'of thought aud faith was 1 narrow, hut men : would not rest tiii they based it on the ultimate ! foundation and .then soared above it to tho heaven itself : in our days the tendency is lo j delight excessively in the visible greatness of superficial expansion, to trust to this as a stihstitu'.o for solidity, to l>c so content with its nearer glories as hardly ever to look up. Is it not otmnouslv characteristic that much popular literature and philosophy teud in one wav or another to be agnostic, contentedly indiircrent to all thoughts of what', according as we take it, may be viewed as the ultimate source of all being or the supreme I perfection up to which all being is drawn ? ! hveti among those who shrink iustinctive'.v : tram this extreme form u: what calls itself | " the spirit of the ag«," is there not at least I liability to that tendency, which underlies it, impatient o; tiie work down towards the . depth, which makes no show on thu jurfao.q , ami ot the str.iL'.e ujovarJs :o the height, i M'h:uh seem? to its colff ami ciieut and verv tar awav ? j TI!It V.3l'AN.loV i »!' THK. « Htr.r!J. ; H we look to that special -subject which is brought hutn to us by thu auniverarr of this I day. :;uit u-'» not sometime? tear lest" in the rapid uxp.in-iou of oar church over thu world i there Hiouai be Butnu danger of its being founded : il. itueply than it v. a loir Jeff in old day? at laMiiv ov in tiie .-'ow"r extensions abroad of days otic by lower standard i.f though; and life, chuich : otir.niis.i:iun and chureh zptvit ? In the pre-- yiny nca-.-tty o: oxtcn-ioti. wc aru tempted M , ;iv", .-p'.ri'u.-.Ily weli as tciuporail lioiu band to mouth. It take tim-. no doubt, for thu u'v/jiiaa; to strtl-j it.; root deep. to ?10W '.(I ; it.- ?ta:?iy tiui«:h:. to Lear its fulloni and most, , perfci't fruit. A ecaiury euauot. do the work J'.1/ which au'e ot antiquity has been needed, l he uuwlv. built ehureh o; t«.»-uav cannot be like 1 tne old CAthuirai, which i a lou'i: history of thu , )M.t in u. It i obvious that wo must be ; p i"."nt. not s-ekinit hnrriuu'v to stimulate a ui'.'h? oxut;u and .i.tiffcial growth : but we uiusl 1K': patiuncu m:o aequiusooncu in iiclcnow- impurtectiur. Depth ot root we need , :n thu soil whatever it be, iu j whien yvaoh chr.veh is 'planted, bearing Die i.ru;-e-i a uvltu .n.i -pon ienru and self-rudance tiicMe-'.'jthly coTnpatibiu tas our civil experience i us te.ts) with cloy" home attachment, and of s-iliiiar.vv with thu mother Church. ' R- -soiutioti we need no les to tmrsnc. however humbly an.i patiently, thu highW. ideal ofwhtU : a church should be, iu thought atul moral cultiii". in unity of action atul spirituality of lib-, in thu ffrm -:ra.-p of the old faith and tho : riyut u.iriti.M.u new duvulopmunts to meet nuw d- y.is. Without tuese Use church expansion, in which wo delight, may have its imposing bru.i.hh and leny!:i, but it will havo no solid .: r-mq'th. to stand aitaii..!. the blast or the earth- i|uax'. it will yield no power to exalt and to perfect humanity. TUB RANUKit OK KX K ANVloN. But what applies thus to '.hi? special cxptuw stun : mar it not havo a hire: atul varied appli cation, at which time forbid- tne: to more than — in lite mure- (roimrxi retr«»pect to which I h:v\c referred to-dav? That wide atul cou- timioii uxtnn-ion »: Umpire bring home, I conceive, to all . livitiriji ul state-iuen a serious anxiety us to th" M>.idity of it vast and iiu- po-En" Ki'.uuieur— a desire, if it might be, u> check it? further development in length nnil iwcadtli. and to vrivc !et.-ure, so to speak, to i j it iipM, \o complete it organisation, to e\\..lt civilisation to a higher perfection. That still swittcr xi'.anion of our commerce — i- th-re r. i f(»ar |ct it >honl _precarivus. pretention ra'her than solid, and, vo; e s-.i.i. iei in thu tu-rce. caircr race of , competition, it -di'mld h-e falling away from the ! h:«rh .-t:i;.'tar ! which wa 1 1 u 1 - not only F.n«;land's plorv but ' ftDo Enpiamr? pr...t»erity and strehpth ? That ' (aff'u-ieu of ptiv.cr. with the corresponding ! diti'ii- ioii ot education more or Iujb superffcial i do— that advaucu ' aiom; whole line o; European civiiisa- j tion m thu princqucs of democracy — cau i we, it wo read tliu history of tho past am! "Jtmiv the .-iirns of the present, be ,oiid, (irtu, j c.-r,i tent rtab;!;-y in our p"li:ical life, ami to a ! hitrh-r ami 'ncarruptiblu lovy of politic il j morality? Tb.it w.f; expansion of the bright thousand ; pi»iut? a: one" tie Furr'-ut; iiny darkness of th I unknown, and outtvippim: even this expuii- tcncralisa- tiun. ana thu ru-'iuE'Ui to q:.in all facts under : one or two y.vat ;h-orie. i 'am told that iv s iest our pedantrv, ! mi ali-orb d it, a.-amulatint: partial knowledge . of philo- i 'Jjv. and lc«t, on the other hand, hatv jjeue- : ralisation siiould P-vmmu ml thumselve more i by lar-ene? and c unpreh- nsivoncss than by known suliditv of trutij. Even that genurom which U in thu tiny scn-u lilwrahry in political, sucial ; and rdi-tious hf". Would it not be dcarlv pur- . chased by tin io» of deep, stronjr convicttons of our own, and lotTuresn uf the true ideal of Christian faith and lire ? : IX C"Nt Iff. spiv. 1 Do not think that in th 'u surrus'/ions I d"»iru virtually to unsay what ha? liuen already ' -aid, or to lessen thu thankfulness with which j we celebrate thi era of expansion. But x 1 would u.-qe on all — for all have power in some i (icyrcu tu mould not only their own lives but j a lo the collective life optheir church aud country ! — to vonider whether the pressing need of our j own day i nut this extension in depth and ' hcixht, which may x'ivu safety and real <;rcatm-a i to that ex pan-ion ii. length and breadth whiob has bcyn so richly on: s. I canuot»und without brcoly r ouiudiu!: you tliat for ihe whole of human I : f — thu life <; tin: church and thu life of thu world — it we are ever to have this true (1- otli nmi height wu can only have it in ; "tiat old, oM way of which the Gospel of .ntirriaily speaks — in the knowledge i ami communion of G< ) in Jesus Christ. I : d"- pi?' no other ap-nei.M which shall help to ; work out this Ltru.it result, for, knowiiiojyoi : woilrers topvthur with ! Dim. But that lime knowh-d'ye of God, in mind ;i!d iiuu: ami spirit, which is thu pdft of thu | Holy Ghost. «vcn to th" saupie ami ignorant — »re many, while the deep thinker-; are: few— this it ii which, after all, jriv the reilv ultimate basis of tliought ami molality, and ihe only adequate ideal of perfuu- tii.r:. lire to which man can «:r iw. On this day, th'-rufuru, with npucial f or the 'march of Enp lane m its ww-i xieireioti of service, ami for thu whole Kipylish-zpuakin race to which, so far a her mini-try i accepted, it is lior delight to mini--:"t': ' tiat.M Hie knows u in lli»|)urfuct b>vu. so wu mav contnmallv bv J'-upeninq love I in Him." ami bu tilled u » to all IE fulm-ss »! truth and ripbtomisuc- » ami love. it accidental that th-rc should by between thu denial of Hie old Enrh-tiaa faith and th" deiru to break awav ;roi.u ;ii" oia consii.uuon o. r.iijjianu ; — i,ur< iicru as tridv a on tiie other side of tiie WMil i ? '! lit? National Ati them should b" not a wure: on:v mil ri-antv. il was Euilshmen's i ii' u, i — snare re ever C"asu to he Eupireh- . mm ; re-'.re.a now;— tual our Le.-l sono o: mm retv h tnc re:aV"f. "Gi.d >avu the q'uuun," v.i.'i-:i t v"iirev a: o " , A lik" in the rxrem-iou ot our own church and in . \\-t« r "vv-i ui of tri" whole Church of EhrDt, mav thu p »«. r of lire- old umiyiui; faith . h> t . i ' 1 1 1 re ; i ; ur recti- ni'on the e\ panioii of our ' KnirlDh r.mu 1 Tc.ere- may Iv thvoueli other in- :l;re-m-"- in- crow: o m b rie'di ami breadth, . But. '.vhoru "'-u zlreiil v." !i t; I ! h" dejUh of im- ; shaken foundation ? Wrre-.e ul .u the Imiqljt to w re ic i:. i .» i . l 11 i 1 it i? i; -eil iTiSinite, the aspira- . ot t.'re: unite snreil shall scar in timu aim in r.ternny .- 