(PUBLISHED DAILY) Ecscoa. Thursday, Jolt 7, 1887. Looal Option.—Mr D, V, Lucas, the ex. poneot of local option, as it is in Canada, will, we learn, "v isit Kchuca shortly. This question having excited considerable, in terest in connection with the present licen sing Act, there will doubtless be many desirouB of hearing one who has been an eye witness to its practical workings in that land, Shibpino Notes.—Ihe steamer Warad gery Bailed yesterday morning for Balranald with passengers and general cargo, between which port the vessel will in luture trade, making fortnightly trips. The steamer Riverina with her barge fully laden with general cargo, sailed last evening for Balranald. To-day the barge Lancashire Witch will be discharged from the patent slip where she lias been receiving repairs, and the barge Shamrock will be hauled up to receive an overhauling. A Long Train.—In addition to the ordinary train yesterday afternoon from Deniliquin a special followed with cattle and sheep. At Moama station the two trains numbering 42 trucks, two saloon carriages and the ran were joined, and by the aid of two engines, one at tho front and the other at tho rear, the train was pushed over the bridge. Moama Requirements,—Tho footpath leading up to the new court house at Moama is very much in need of a few loads of gravel, and the entrance to the fine building is in a disgraceful s ate, it being nlmoit impossible to get inside the gate without wnding through mud several inches deep. Should the wet weather continue up to the time of the visit of His Excellency the Governor of New South Wales tho distinguished visitors will lint be very hvnurably impressed with the surroundings of the Miama Court House. Echuca Yoono VVomens' Christian Association.—The half-yearly meeting of the above association was held yesterday, when the following office bearers were ap pointed for the ensuing six months :—Vice presidents, Mrs Down, and Miss Vines ; treasuior. Miss Bartlett re-plectcd ; secre tary Miss Medlend, re- elected ; Miss Foyster, absenteo visitor, ft was decided to re commence the prayer union next Thurs day. the 14th inst. Visit of Sib Henby Loch. —Is the Governor' of Viotoria going to the .Deniliquin Show in company with the Governor of New South Wales? It was stated so some time since, and then contradicted. The Deniliquin correspondent uf the Argus on Tuesday telegraphed " Sir Honry Loch, the Governor of Victoria, has ulso accepted an invitation to visit Deniliquin during the show and rnoo week, and while here will be the guest of Mr William M'Culloch, M L.C., of Warbreccan station." It is strange there seems so much uncertainty. Surely our Borough Counoil chould ascertain the fact without further delay. School of Ahts.—We are requested to notice thatjtho School of Arts and Design will be ri'-opened t omorrow e/ening in the Millewa Club rooms, and will be conducted by Miss Morphew, All who intend joining are requested to send in their names to Mr Goodchild. Auction Sale, To-morrow Mr 0. Vines will soil at the residence of Mr P. O'Brien, near the ■ Id brewery, the wbole of hiB well kept and nearly now household furniture. On Saturday, Messrs Brown and Seward will sell at their yardB, a large number of prime cattle from Moira estate, also sheep, etc. Roads.—By way of reply to our comments on the unfortunate state of our borough, Mr Pascoe very quietly sends the following clipping from tho Jrgus, informing us at the name time that the present roveuueB of Melbourne and St. Kilda totals £185,000, Echuca £6000. " A little toleration must be shown to those who are responsible for the maintenance of the roads just now. Tho weather haB been bad, unprecodently bad ; the mud accumulated as the underlying strata of the street became saturated, and a condi dition of bog has been created where, in ordinary times, everything appears firm as solid rock. We cannot possibly maintain streets three and four chains wide in condi tion to stitid heavy traflio through such weather ; but what then, are wo to do with the wide streets ? Tho stroet whioh bears the'nameof the St. Kilda road is just now one of the very worst conditioned In or about tho city; but how bad it has becomecan only be (realised by actual personal experience, Such experience befel an unhappy woman a few mornings ago. Walking on the foot path she had become saturated with the continuous rain, and determined tu shorten hor troubles by a ride in tho omnibus. With this intent she left the asphalt, and essayed to cross tho half chain whioh lies between tho kerb of the footpath and tho metalled tracV midway in the road. She struggled over a few paces and then halted, waving her umbrella in a frantic manner. An omnibus driver halted also, but oboying the dictates of reasonable prudence ratlior than an im pulse of humanity, he would not venture his whuols off tho metal. Tho woman struggled vainly, the driver encouraged her to further effort, but it was all in vain. She was hope lessly bogged in one of the main npproaohes to Melbourne, within a mile of the Post-oifice." J Now, with all sympathy for those who havo 1 to contend with the troubles of the times, and after making full allowancs for the temporary conditions which must exist nntil tho Prince's bridge and tho now approaches are completed, we must inBistthst this is a state of affairs which oughtnot to be. The twocor porationB in whose hands the maintenance of tho roads is now placed may well fix their attention on this distressed woman, and seri ously considered what they shall do she may bn saved—she and all others—from getting into aliko predicament any other time ? And if they cannot come to a satisfactory under standing, and agreed on an acceptable plan of improvement and maintenance, it will be well fur tho multitude of citizen* who mako fre quent use uf tho road to agitato for a now con trol, and a new plan, which shall ohango tho quagmires into plantations, and koep a per manent way of sufficient breadth in a proper condition of repair. ~Ar$u*» Three Train Wreckers Shot. —A train on the Mexican National Railroad ran over and killed a Mexican near Pataecuaro. Friends of the dead man undertook to re taliate, and put a big rock on a - curve. The 1 engine of the passenger train struck it, and an American engineer injured nnd a Mexican V fireman killed. The jefe politico sent a sriuad of Mexioan gendarmes, with instruc tions to bring In every person suspected of any complicity whatever with the criminal act. Tliirty- threo arreats were made. The investigation resulted in the selection of three victims, and sentence was immediately passed. Shortly after sunrise the three were marohed to the sceno of the disaster, stood up before nn adobe wall, and shot by a file of ■ soldiers. The corpses lay for some time | where they fell, as a warning to train wreckers, and were euquaquently burled near the scene of the wreck. A Todok Dog. —'The Oleve correspondent of the South\ Awtraltan Adverther, under date Juno 10, tells the following yarn :— " We have a dog story which ha* excited almost as much curosity as the Yanoarrie ghost story, A sheep farmer of this place caught a dog worrying his sheep, and after having been requested by the owner to shoot the deprodator he tied tho animal to a tree, and standing about 10 feet off fired, the oharge striking the dog fairly between tho eyes. To make a sure job of it, ae he thought, he smashed tho dog's head about with lumps of rock. One evening, after being apparently dead for 12 days, the dog revived sufficiently to make his way home to his 'master's place, where, as may be imagined, he was examined very minutely, to make Bure that he was not the ghost of the dng that was killed. But it was the actual dog, and the animal appears to be as well as ever, although his skull Is slightly out of shape, and he bears the mark where 25 grains of'shot ontororl 5iin forphead." Gcidino Machine Bbet8,— In guiding machine belts on or off, it is best to protect the hand with a pieco of clnth held in the hand, but never wrapped around it or or tt|e wrists or afm. A stick is liable to be caught by the pulley and belt into other mnohinory. or thrown swiftly striking you or someone else. Cioabettbs.—(Something new) — Dixsons No. 1 Cigarettes (choicest tobacco, equal to best imported). Early Bird (2nd quality), all made by tho only perfect cigarette making machinery known, same as used in the loading American factories—output 75,000 per hour. All handling, dirt, dust, and meBBing with pack so fatal to hsnd made avoided. Cigarettes perfect. VV. Tremlco, Bookseller, Stationer, Fancy oods and General Dealer. Tobacconists, Ware MuBieal Instruments, Ghas, Chinaware, and al Borts of sundries. The largest assortment out of Melbourne. The trade supplied. Sole Agent forth Age and Leader New Footballs and insides just received Bladders bought from me repaired 