A Sporting 1 Tipster's Sevela- • - ttons. [From the Pall Mall Budget.] ( Continued.) The areolar was duly printed, and all the next day Spivens and I were busily engaged in sending them off to hi " disgusted clients"—not, as yon might suppose, under halfpenny wrappers, but in envelopes, for it is a belief among tipsters—whether rightly or wrongly I don't know—that the Post Office authorities are apt to bnrke sporting missives if sent in the former way. If they don't, they ought to. This done, I took up my quarters in the new office, and impatiently awaited the result. I am bound to say that during the interval Spivens treated me very well indeed— in fact* well and often. He was making lots of money himself—I have known him receive as much as £50 for " finals" in. one morning, more than half of which was profit—and spent it lavishly. I don't think I ever saw him without a sixpenny cigar in his mouth, and, besides drinking heavily himself, he was always open to stand a drink to any one who asked him. He went in for lady-killing, too, and half the barmaids in the neighborhood at one time swore by him, and declared what a jolly fellow he was. It was not long before the glittering bait we had laid began to tell. We had started at an excellent time, just a week before the Derby; and if a tipster doesn't "collar the rhino" then, the " blessed idiot," as Spivens put it, " don't know how to draw up an advertisement." Certain it is that our circular, to again quote Spivens, " went down a treat." We had posted three hundred—that is, we had expended twenty-five shillings in stamps—and within twenty-four hours we got that amount back several times over. I had noticed in copying the addresses that Spivens's clients seemed mainly to belong to the humbler classes. The majority of the letters were misspelled, while the shakiness of the chirography seemed to notify that they had been written by sons of toil. One particular letter I have kept as a curiosity, but in my time I have had many similar. It gives one a good idea of the gullibility and ignorance which are still in the world. No wonder tipsters flourish when snch innocents are in existence. Verbatim et literatim, it ran as follows, and was from a miner in the Black Country—a veritable El Dorado to the sporting tipster, for miners as a body are great bettors:— Dere Sur,—i receaved yor circlar and if you can doe ale you say i shaunt forgit you but will sende you a Presant i eve been verry unfomite of late baking horses so I am goen to give you a Treat my pore weife and childe is verry porely in bed and i am only workia halve time i doan't know wot I shall doe if i doan't win but you say you can spot the Winner i trust i shall be luckey i sende 5s. 6d. for 2 daies wires nexte weeke wishing fur good lucke whene ile sende you a Presant yours truely, On the other hand, many of the letters we reeeived showed a grasping, callous, and speculative spirit that rather disgusted me than stirred my better feelings. For instance, one party who became an early client stated bluntly that he hoped he would make a heap of money by backing our tips, because he wanted to run away with a barmaid who was "spooney" on him. Irony of fate! This man did win through backing our " information ;" the other poor devil, who, judging from the tone of his letter, would probably have done good with anything he might have made by our aid, probably lost his bottom dollar through following it. (I have quoted that word "information" with a reason. Notwithstanding our gushing circular, we never possessed any more information than any one of our clients conld have got for himself—or herself, for on our list were a few lady speculators—for a penny. Speaking generally, we followed the " tips" of the Sporting Life or Sportsman—and, after all, we could not have done better. If they aren't in the " know," nobody is, for they really do employ correspondents and horse-watchers. Sometimes, however, "just to vary the monotony of the proceedings," as Spivens put it, we really did give "tips" of our own, and, as luck would have it, two or three of these happened to be successful. On one occasion we pulled off for one of the big races a " 25 to 1" chance in this way, and it was the very making of us, for no other tipster, either public or private, had given it. Our delighted clients went into perfect ecstasies over our acumen and discernment, which you may bet any odds we didn't allow to remain under a bushel. Not likely ! Now was our time or never. We had some thousands of circulars printed notifying our " Great Triumph," and distributed them broadcast; we announced the " Glorious Victory" iu all the sporting prints ; we even took unto ourselves the proud title of " Mammoth Tipsters" on the strength of our " glorious success." Perhaps the reader may be interested in learning the history of this tip. I will give it him, In a measure it was not our own "selection" after all. It rested, as it were, on th " hazard of the die." For days previously our luck had baen dead out, and as a consequence our clients were falling off. Well, one morning Spivens came in to me looking unusually down in the mouth. " We must do something desperate, old man," exclaimed he emphati cally, "for the blessed stamps" (" stamps" washisgenerictitleforanythingrepresent ing money) "aren't rolling in nearly fast enough. Let's go in for a rank outsider this time. If it wins, it will be worth a couple of hundred to us ; if it don't, we must get a new set of clients—that's all." "All right! What shall we give ?" asked I, who by this time was getting pretty well up in racing phraseology—that is, I could talk about "hedging," going "nap," backing to " 1-2," &c.;, as fluently as if I had been brought up to the game from a baby. " You see, there are two or three geegees low down in the betting that have about an equal chance." (I had just got this special bit of information out of an article in the Sporting Life.) " Yes, I know that, my noble Solon," he replied. " Well, isn't there one of them you particularly fancy yourself ? If so, let's give that," said I. "No there isn't ; there's not one I'd vote for offhand. Tell you what we'll do." Thus speaking, Spivens, without further verbal explanation, took up a sheet of blank paper, and, baring torn it into four pieces, proceeded to write one. of the " rank outsiders" names on each of them. Then he threw the bits of paper into his hat, shook it, and told me to ••draw one," which I did. "That settles it," said Spivens, reading aloud the name on the slip. " We go for s . Good! A twenty-five to one chance ! If it wins, old boy, I'll stand an oyster supper at Prosser's." And we did go for it, and it did win, and Spivens stood the oyster supper without a murmur, and that is the history of our wonderful tip. Surely the 6tare were never more auspicious to us than on that occasion. As I have said, that " tip" was the making of us—at least for a time it was. Spivens had not at all exaggerated in saying that if we could spot a winner in a rank outsider we should make a nice couple of hundreds. Two days afterwards we received nearly half that amount by the very first post, and what with presents from successful clients and other " extras," I really began to fancy that we were on the straight road to fortune. Nothing succeeds so well as success with the sporting prophet. If he happen to be lucky in his tips for a time, the fact soon spreads, even without hiB advertising the fact (though, of course, he never omits to do that), and he is literally inundated with postal orders for " finals," the people who send for his " information" seeming to forget that because he has been successful up to a point, is the very reason he is not likely to continue to be so. I know a case of a tipster I could name. This man had such a remarkable run of luck for two or three years in succession that at length he had to engage several female clerks to help him in his business. He used, on the average, to send away many hundreds of " finals" a day in the season, representing a clear profit of between £3,000 and £4,000 per annum. But to return : Spivens and I took to " backing." For a month or two we had snch a run of luck that our heads got regularly turned. Life seemed all beer and skittles to us. We were clearing on the average between £7 and j£8 a day. Not that we kept on spotting winners, but still we were fairly successful, and our clients therefore stuck to us, probably in hopes we would pull off another "25 to 1 chance" sooner or later. Indeed, it is not, after all, very hard for a tipster to please the majority of his olients. An occasional winner would 6eem to be all that they need to put fresh heart in them and enable them to keep their courage up. They are always looking forward to that " run of luck" which so seldom comes. Spivens obviously knew this, when, in referring to the great bard's couplet, he said in our circular, " Backers of horses cannot be accused as a body of sitting down and bewailing their losses." They can't, certainly. If there is the slightest prospect of something good turning up they wait for it with comparative patience, just as the famous Mr Micawber did At the same time there are clients and clients. Some of them expect you to give them a winner almost every time, and, if you dou'fc do this, are, like the gentleman whose words I quoted some time ago, by no means mild in their language towards you; but even these people can be " mugged" by " special terms"—'for instance, offering to take them on the " No win, no pay" principle for a time, and so on—as every tipster knows. Indeed, to get on well at the " tipping" game you ought to have considerable knowledge of human nature. Spivens possessed this knowledge in a high degree. I never came across a man who was a greater adept at tracasserie. His shifts and moves to get clients to remain on our list were worthy of a better cause. The moment any of them began to show signs of dissatisfaction he would begin, as he put it, to " play up to them." Certainly the baits he threw out were tempting enough, and as a consequence very frequently they were successful. He would offer to take them on " half the usual terms;" he would write telling them that, at gigantic expense, he had thoroughly reorganized his staff, and now had in his employ an entirely fresh body of correspondents and horse-watchers, who would for certain put him on to no end of winners. He would actually guarantee them a good winning balance at the end of the year if they only stuck to him. " I'd promise them anything— barring their money back—so long as I collar the stamps," he once remarked to me. The 1 Jugginses' are only fit to be 'had,' old pal." Once he sent out a circular notifying that he had just been entrusted with the workiug of several important stable commissions, and that, therefore he was in a position to give the names of half a dozen horses that were positively " meant" to win certain raGes. For this valuable information he asked one guinea—and he got it fifty times over. This was what Spivens called raising the wind by an 'extra.'" His excuses, too, for no spotting the right horse showed that he was a man of resources. I don't know whether my readers will be glad to hear or not, but this true and e faithful narrative is drawing to a conclusion. In the course of it 1 have extenuated naught, nor have I 6et down anything in malice. My 6oIe object has been to show how thousands of the British public are being taken in and, in many cases, done for. By the way, I happened to tell a late tipster friend of mine whom I fell across the other day in a Fleet-street hostelry that I was going t« write this exposure, almost expecting to see him go down on his knees and adjure me not to do so He said nothing of the kind, however, and his remark on the matter, though it showed the sound philosopher he is, was certainly more emphatic than elegant. " Do it and be d—d!" ejaculated he. " What do I care ? A mug's a mug all the world over, and nothing will make him a wise man. Susie" (this to the Hebe behind the bar), " a small brandy and soda, lovey !" But it is time I proceeded to tell you how it came about that I and Spivens parted company. Our " split" came about in this way. For the first month or so Spivens and I got on A1 together, , an< many a rare lark did we have o' nights, I can tell you ; but as soon as the " 6tamp6" began to roll in thick and fast I noticed that he became a little more distant towards me, and was not so eager for me to go about with him. Not being a fool myself I began to smell a rat, though I said nothing. Spivens, you know, was one of those men who could be very generous on the spur of the moment, but who when they cpme to think over what they .have done, regret having acted the good Samaritan I therefore came to the conclusion that iiis object was to pick a quarrel with me in order that he might be able to send me to the right-about, and collar all the profits of our " tipping" business himself. If he doesn't succeed in getting up a row with me, he'll take to besting me if he can," thought I to myself ; so ft behoves me to keep my eyeballs rolling." Already, indeed, I had a suspicion that he was up to this move, and this suspicion arose ont of the fact that of late, instead of waiting for me to go with the letters to him (which I had beien in the habit of doing after every post), he sow came to me just about the time of a " delivery," and invariably with some excuse that would take me away from the office for a time. Knowing this, I thought it was time to see what Spivens was up to, and lay a nice little plant for him. Accordingly, one day when he came to me as usual just about post time and sent me on some errand or other, I instead of setting off at once, waited at the bottom of the stairs till the man in livery came round. He was about to hand me three letters. " Take them np stairs old post office!" said I (a tipster . always jokes with a postman ; where would he be without him ?) " My partner's in." He did so and I went on my mission. " Anything come by the last post ?" asked I of Spivens quite innocently, when I returned. " Only one letter containing three bob for a final," replied he looking me full in the face, as was his custom when telling a confounded lie, " Here it is, a bob for you and a bob for me." " Well, that's better than nothing—it will get us drinks," I responded ; and that was all I said, though you may take your bottom dollar I thought a lot. Here was le mot de Venigme. Was it not obvious that he was doing the doublehanded trick ? He had accounted for only one letter out of three, and, for all I could itell, had . been up to a similar game for .some little time. I could hardly restrain myself from rounding on him but I didn't. In the present emergency he doubtless felt than any excuse was better than none, so he founded it on my backing horses. As I have said, we had both taken up the role of punter as well as tipster, but there was this difference between us on the former head—that whereas he betted and generally lost, I betted and frequently won, the difference in our luck being accounted for by the fact that now we went in for backing horses ourselves, we frequently " put on" our individual fancies instead of following the tips we gave to our clients. No doubt my success aroused Spivens's jealousy a little bit, and gave him the ghost of a peg on which to hang his dissatisfaction with me. So we had a few words, and Spivens soon saw that I was a downier bird than he had thought for. "Oh, that's it, is it?" he ejaculated. " There's gratitude for you ! You're open for a row, are you ? Well, have it, then ! No doubt you think you're mighty independent, but bear in mind this office is taken in my name, not yours." " I'm quite aware of that," said I coolly. " Oh, are you ? Well, then, just take this tip from me : clear out!" Spivens uttered these words slowly and emphatically, much as a judge sentences a; criminal to death, and then he went on again to accuse me of base ingratitude, and predict that I was bound to go to the dogs. By this time my own dander was up a bit, and now it was that I let him have the cruellest rub of all. " Have it your own way, if you like," I exclaimed, " But even supposing I am ungrateful and on the road to ruin, at any rate I can't be accused of sticking to postal orders." Spivens face became a perfect picture at this retort. Still, he made no attempt to deny my soft impeachment. " Mark me," he hissed, " I'll spoil you for this ! I suppose you are thinking of going on your own hook, Go, and be hanged ! but I'll take good care you have to get another set of clients." Thus speaking, he seized the address book, which was lying on the table, and put it in his pocket. (1o be continued.) The Legislative Council of New South Wales has rejected the Assembly's Payment of Members' Bill by 30 votes to 9, has passed the Appropriation Bill, and is now ready for tbe prorogation. Ex-members who have sat in three New South Wales Parliaments are to have free railway passes for life. Tasinanian Parliament opened ; the Ministry propose a land and income tax. The area of the land reclaimed by relief work at Dry Creek is 2,412 acres, and the cost was £9,730—about £4 an acre. The t Murray Bridge and Mannum land also cost £4 au acre to reclaim, and none of it has been utilised yet, but it is to be let on grazing and cultivation lease. Most profitable investment—£4 an acre for land to be let at per acre rent. Four Victorian swagmen lately boiled the festive billv after filling it from an old dip tank on Strathuiore station, near Hamilton. They passed the pannican around and drank the arsenicated beverage freely. Two of them were dead next morning. Yongala is disgusted because it does not own two J's.P. The N.S.W. Estimates have been passed, and £2,000 has been voted to recoup the Imperial Conference delegates their expenses. What about Sir Jan'B ? . The Government will not equalise country and city excursion fares, as they would lose revenue by the concession. The next Governor's Balary is not to be less than £5,000, but some of his perquisites are to be docked, and the Colonial Office has been notified of the intention. The Executive Council has decided to reduce the sentence of hanging in Whitton's case to imprisonment for life. It is by no means clear that Whitton did shoot Spellacy, and if he did it was probably a case of self defence : but as Whitton is now hopelessly insane it does not matter much. Yorke's Peninsula's Caldwell wants to make S.M.'e read aloud in a public place every year all the BiliB passed by Parliament. That Glenelg lightship case of rabies turns out to be a case of poisoning by strychnine. Port Adelaide's Hopkins moves that it be divided into two electorates, returning fwo members eaoh, Modest Hopkins, 