sir THE BOHEMIAN. ON SOME IMPOSTORS. Very little has been written about im postors as a class. Individuals from among the class have received their due share of attention from friends and foes as occa- j sion required, but no author with whom I I am acquainted has attempted anything like a logical definition of the subject. " An impostor," the dictionaries tell us, is "one who endeavours to impose." YeB ; but to impose what, and how, and upon whom? The English Government and people endeavoured to "im pose" their rule and their taxes upon their American colonists, but the English did not earn the title of "im postors" by the attempt, whatever other terms of reproach were affixed to them. And I should be sorry to regard the | many well-meaning persons who endeavour to "impose" their opinions on me by confident assertion and constant reitera tion as "impostors" any more than 11 should so describe the talented craftsman | who, I am told in printer's slang, will " ii pose" this article upon something or other j before its type is in condition to reproduce | impressions on paper for the reader's eye. Stray thoughts of a suggestive kind on the subject of impostors find a place here ] and there among the writings of great men. Butler says "the pleasure is as j great of being cheated as to cheat," and Jeremy Bentham hints that most im poBtors begin by being dupeB, and that then the dupe character alternates with the impostor character until at last the latter triumphs and expels its compauion j as an effete encumbrance. A friend, whose j words 1 UBed to value as much as if I had read them in print, once told J me that he regsrded a mutual acquain tance as an impostor, because he wore a neculiar shaped hat with a broad brim. My friend argued thus: The head is the | most dignified part of the human frame, the seat of intelligence and the source of J command, and is chosen among all peopleB as the part to be adorned with the insignia ] of authority. It is there that the King wears his crown, the noble his coronet, the knight his helmet or plumed cap, and | the matron, in the east of Europe, her | crown, and in the west her feather. "Now the man," he continued, "who surrounds his head with anything | striking or peculiar, without any special right thereto, and looks down upon me from under It—my friend was a little man—is seeking to impose upon me." Impressed with this view, I for many years regarded every man with a broad-brimmed hat as an im postor, till having occasion to travel to the sunny south I adopted a wide-awake | myself, and then I discarded the idea. These little scraps are nor introduced so much by way of materials to serve any reader who deBires to write a treatise on the subject as to illustrate the paucity of learning anent it, for in the course of a fairly studious life I have lit upon little more. Hypocrisy has had its fair share of illustration, ridicule, and denunciation, but the im postor and the hypocrite are two totally different animals, and the world of letters has been vastly neglectful of the former. It is only proper, therefore, that I should contribute my mite of experience as to a class of people to one of whom, humanly speaking, I owe my life. I lay very ill at the house of a friend, himself a member of the medical profes sioi. He would not treat me him self, but got other doctors to come and do so, and confined him self to Beeing that their treatment was carried out. But I got worse and worse, and at last my host suggested that -—though he did not want to frighten me —I should make my will before I became too weak to do so. He then added—" I have a delicacy in suggesting to you to call in my friend Dr. D , the author of ' Fallacies of the Faculty,' and, as you know, thoroughly detested by the profes sion sb the greatest quack in London." I could scarcely speak, but managed to whisper—"London is a large place. A man who is the greatest quack in London muBt be a clever fellow. Fetch him." In the afternoon he came. My host met him in the hall, and the " quack" immediately entered upon a long story of a dispute he had had in print and in debate with his professional brethren. In a lond voice, ana with a broad Scotch accent, he repeated the childish reasoning of his foes and his own conclusive demon strations. As he came up the staircase he paused every now and then to thump the banister by way of emphasizing the force of his logic. He strode into my room with his hat on—and he kept it on— and continued his account of the fray, which became more and more stormy as it proceeded, like the tale of battle chanted by the bard in the sick chamber of Roderick Dhu. "And there, sir," he concluded, "I im paled the despicable wretches on the horns of a dilemma from which they can't escape. Serfs of authority, slaves of pre judice, self-constituted exponents^ of a human nature too grand for their con tracted understandings—I left them to rot, book-bound, in the learned offal of their dens of ignorance. And I wound up with a little fable painting the difficulty of rescuing the public from such impostors. It represented a traveller finding a jaded and overburdened ass lying helpless .in a ditch, unable to move for the burthen strapped upon his back. Releasing the pack from the animal's back tiie humane traveller enabled the ] ass to regain his feet, bnt the first act of the donkey was to kick his benefactor, and so I conclude— 111 fares the wight who, braving banded schools, From learned knaves would save confiding fools. And now I'm going to have a final shot at the Lancet, and then I'll leave the rascals to their fate. I'll show it you when I've done it, and now, good-by; I must be off." And he strode to the door. "But the patient, doctor," cried my host, detaining him; "you've forgotten the patient." " Oh, aye," said the doctor; "give me a bit of paper." He wrote hastily on the back of a letter, and as he was not talking I managed to make my voice heard. " Had not I better tell you," I whispered, " what's the matter with me ?" "What !" exclaimed the doctor, startled, "you, sir, venture to tell me, sir, what's the matter with you ? Ye've a pretty share of impudence for your yean 1" " But had you not better see what I have been taking ?" (Here my host shook his head at me; but too late.) " What ye've been taking ?" roared the doctor. "YemuBt be an exquisitely constructed young imbecile if ye'd regu late the paces o' the lion by the foot prints o* the mouse. Take what I have ordered ye, like a well-intentioned idiot, there's a good fellow ; get out of bed whenever you like and go where you like, but don't come and see me till Thursday" (it was then Monday), "and both of ye come and dine with me at G. And now good morning Yes, sir," he continued, as he descended the stairs, " I've rammed and crammed the truth into 'em till it has nigh burst their craven skus—humbu gs, impostors," &o; , &c.;, till at last he left. "A beartlesB, self-enveloped mounte- I ViaTilr!" I thought as I lay, exhausted, on j my pillow. His medicine came. I took one dose and eat heartily for the first time for a month. I got out of bed, but could hardly stand. Half an hour after the next dose, I dressed myself. I slept well that night. The next day I went out, and on the Thursday I dined with the doctor in company with the gentleman at whose house I lay. The " quack" was a graduate of Edinburgh; he had served as surgeon in a cavalry regiment through an Indian campaign; he was an accomplished scholar in other tongues and a master of his own, both in prose and verse. The dinner was good. I ate fairly but drank little, and received many compliments from my entertainer for understand ing the position which he had taken up in his professional controversies. Leaving, however, to another occasion my own further experiences on this inte resting subject, I may be allowed to burden the reader with those of a gentle man and a lady whose names, as will be presently seen, I am bound to disguise. Let me call them Isabella Marvel and ErneBt Singleton. Singleton had pursued a distinguished career at a famous College, which Oxonians will recognise when I call it " Saint Dervorguilla"—a career which culminated in a fellowship at the same house of learning. Among his intimate friends was a young collegian of the name of Marvel, the son of a London lawyer rapidly rising in repute. This friendship resulted Singleton being invited to the Marvels' in the Long Vacation, when everybody in the house became very pleased with him and it was arranged that he should join the family in their trip on the Continent, where, on the arrival of the lawyers' long vacation, the party would be aug mented by the addition of Mr. Marvel, sen., now on Circuit. The Rhine, the valleys of Switzerland, the streets of Vienna, and the shoresof theMediterranean were all pleasant; but, even if the scenes had been less inviting, no man in Single ton's place could have helped falling in love with Isabella Marvel. And no woman, capable of appreciating the wit and learning of an accomplished scholar, could have wished for a more manly specimen than Ernest Singleton. And so Bhe fell in love with him. Met at Nice by Mr. Marvel, sen., the party resumed its rambles, during the course of which, without any express declaration, the relations between the young lady and her brother's College friend became " understood thing." Going home through PariB, at precisely the worst time of the J year to see it, the travellers inspected its principal lions, and had time to spare for minor investigations. One evening at dinner Mrs. Marvel told Singleton that she had been with Isabella to see tbe famous Professor of Palmistry (M. DesbarrolleB), of whom they had I heard so much. " He is such a charming j man," said she, "and he tells yousuoh wonderful things, and his fee iB so trifling, you must really go." Isabella's eyes echoed her mother's advice. "Quite right," said Marvel, senior, "always advise a young man to spend his money on impostors, and then he'll be wiser when he grows older." "As the ladies have formed so high an opinion of this mountebank," said Singleton, "I will go and see him." On one of the upper floors of a tall house Singleton found the "mounte bank," and having paid a fee to his at tendant was ushered into the master's studio. The large room seemed haunted with ghosts of hands. Pictures of palmB with all the lines and mounds and marks concealed the walls ; plaster casts of hands crowded the tables and the shelves ; while cabalistic figures, which did not seem con nected with hands at all, decorated the chimneypiece. In less than a minute Singleton was seated with, outstretched' palm by the aide of the Professor. What the latter said to him with reference to phalanges and mounds, his line of life, his hepatica, his campus Martis, his gratings, and his crosses is more than I have time to recount. But, examining the cardiaca, or line of the heart, just where it starts from under the mound of Jupiter to march outwards beyond the base of the finger of Mercury, he pronounced these words of fate—" You are destined to gain honour by marriage." This was the very thing which at the moment was nearest to Singleton's heart, and he thought of little else and remem bered little else as he walked down the staircase and back to the hotel. When he rejoined his friends he men tioned, of course, that he had seen the impoBtor, but hesitated to say what the latter had told him. Considering his re lations with Isabella Marvel, 8ingleton did not regard it as quite the thing to { inform the members of a mere lawyer's | family of the " honour" to which his line of the heart pointed. It would be as j much as saying that his fate would require him to jilt Isabella, or else that she would die early to give place to a second wife, who was to be the vehicle of distinction. This made him silent and thoughtful, and when the family observed this unuaual condition they attributed it to some de pressing prediction from the chiromantic oracle. Now, it turned out that Isabella Marvel had received quite sufficient food for reflection owing to her own visit to the same quarter; only, being a woman, she had witB enough to conceal it at the out set. In examining the cardiac line of Miss Marvel the Professor had noticed a certain ring near the triple sources of its commencement under the Jovial mound. " You are destined to gain honour by marriage," said he. Now for poor Isabella at the age of 20 it was quite sufficient " honour" to marry a fine fellow like Singleton; but, con sidering his apparent position, she thought the term inappropriate. So when ehe noticed his silence on the Bubject of the Professor's predictions she began to put two and two together, thus :—"My fate is to marry a Duke, or say a Marquis or Earl, and ErneBt Singleton has conse quently been informed that he is not destined to marry me " Love, however, would still have been lord of all if it had not been that Singleton had been so reserved and thoughtful, whioh gradually made the lady at strange moments reserved and thoughtful too. The trip passed off very pleasantly, of course, for there were plenty of things and places to see, and young people cannot long succumb even to a chiromantic bogey. Every one was pleased with Singleton, and he felt a great liking for the Marvel family ] but the necessity for making a formal declara tion as regards Isabella had not arrived. The Marvels returned to their house in town, and Singleton to his collegiate duties. During all the distractions, joys, and solitudes of his life at the University Isabella, though lost to sight, was still dear to Singleton's memory. Sometimes of course he wondered in what quarter he should meet with a Duchess, or say a CountesB, so that he might at leaBt reject the chance of attaining honour by marriage; but he never met a Duchess or a Coun tess. Isabella, on her part, could not conceive of herself forming any attach ment except to Singleton, but she was satisfied that he was only a talented gentleman without influence, and she thought if there was anything in chiro mancy Bhe should at least have the oppor tunity of refusing a nobleman. No nobleman, however, presented himself for her refusal. Singleton in course of time made up his mind that DesbarrolleB was a thorough impoBtor, and resolved, having taken orders, to accept the first College living that "came down" to him, vacate his fellowship, and marry. Chiromancy seemed to Isabella such a thorough delusion that she accepted the arrangement. Upton Sicca, in the West of England, belonged to Saint Dervorguilla, and, when a vacancy occurred there, it was refused by all the senior fellows as being a poor living, and so it "came down" to Singleton, who, to the surprise of all, accepted it. The fellowship was dropped, but Isabella had a handsome allowance from her father, and therefore Ceres, as well as Yenus, graced the rectory at Upton Sicca. Meanwhile, Mr. Marvel, sen., had been elected to Parliament. After his first session he was appointed Solicitor-General, being the ablest legal member of his party. The Attoixey-General becoming Chief Justice Marvel succeeded to his place, and about a year afterwards there was a vacancy on the woolsack. A strong man was wanted there, and every finger pointed to MarveL Marvel took the place, to the great benefit of himself and of " the party," and there was much joy at Upton Sicca when the rector's lady (much beloved in the parish) put "the honourable" on her cards. It is needless to tell how often Mr. and Mrs. Singleton left Upton Sicca to the charge of a trustworthy curate, and took a brief part in the great world of London life, nor whom they met in town, nor what a favourable impression so admirable a scholar and a gentleman made on the Prime Minister, to whom he was presented by so valuable a colleague as the then occupant of the woolsack. Suffice it to say that merit received its reward, and on the offer of the See of CantcheBter Singleton had an opportunity of saying Nolo episcopari, but didn't. He took his seat on the Episcopal bench in the house over which his wife's father presided, and Isabella took her place at the Bishop's palace with the same grace which had made her beloved at Upton Sicca. Under these circumstances it was thought necessary by some one that the new Bishop of Cant chester should have his portrait executed by a first-rate artist, and of course in lawn Bleeves, for lawn sleeves look so well in a picture. And one day the portrait was brought home and was stood on two chairs in the library, like a bishop on probation, waiting to be hung. And as the Bishop stood and looked at it with a keen episcopal eye that would allow of no latitude in essentials, Mrs. Singleton came and stood by his side and took hiB hana and looked at the picture too. " By-the-way, Isabella," said the Bishop, " you never told me exactly what that chiromantist impostor told you about your—your—your prospects in life 1" "His words," said Mrs. Singleton, laugh ing were these :—" You are destined to gain honour by marriage." "You don't mean it!" cried the Bishop, startled. " Why those are the very words he said to me. Charlatan ! moun tebank ! he has the same tale for all. However, it teacheB one a lesson" —— "Indeed, my dear Ernest, it does," said the lady gravely. " At all events it teaches me not to deride a per son or a system until I have proved them. If you had not married me, you would not have been what you are, and if I had been tempted to be unfaith ful to our early attachment I might have been standing to-day in face of a picture less promising and less agreeable." " Yes, indeed, what you say is true; but," continued the Bishop (unable to extricate himself from the pictured sleeves), " but, you know, my dear Isa bella, 1 should hardly like unequivocally to allow the truth of a system so calcu lated to mislead others into" " Oh, I quite understand you," said the lady, laughing ; " you are ready to listen to the predictions of palmistry as a man. while warning others against them as a Bishop. Ha ! ha ! ha ! Tr'es ecclesi astique, my new-made lord of lawn, and quite in character with what you have become !" And she laughed and curtesied, and left Singleton in front of his painted sleeves. 