Our Gallows Jubilee. Ellen Thompson was hanged on Monday. My prayer to the Executive was made too late, and adds one more example to the failures in the limbo created by delay. It is no use lamenting now. Ellen Thompson has accounted to her Maker for all her shortcomings and sins. She has satisfied the bloody exaction of human law, and has dangled, a pitiful corpse–the remains of one of Queensland's pioneer women–from the shameful gallows-tree. Ellen Thompson faced death unflinchingly. She died, too, protesting her innocence of the awful crime of which a jury had convicted her. It makes one shudder. Ponder as we may over the evidence which so clearly condemned her, that one doubt will creep into our thoughts. Human reason has so often betrayed us before. Circumstantial evidence has so often woven lies together so skilfully as to make them appear truths. But any future revela- tion that may come to prove Ellen Thompson's innocence of this particular crime can't bring that sinful woman back to life again. Why will that doubt intrude ? It is because of the woman's demeanor when face to face with her God. No longer defiant, no longer vituperative, she became a calm and womanly victim to the law of her adopted country. She shrank not from the hangman's touch. She died with a crucifix in one of her hands, and a prayer upon her lips–a mother's prayer for her orphan children. And she died protesting her innocence of her husband's murder. That doubt_so vague, and so useless now that she is dead_will intrude. She never pretended to be good. She had few high thoughts and noble resolves. She rather gloried in her bad qualities. But she persisted in declaring that she had no hand in her husband's murder. The doubt will arise. She was hard–beaten into a stern texture by the vicissitudes of pioneering times. Beneath her rough ness and her wildness were kind emotions. Old time Palmer miners will remember the Cooktown washerwoman who nursed and fed many of them when they were a-fevered and a-hungered. And who sought no reward. That Cooktown washer woman was Ellen Thompson, whose corpse quivered to the cold June air, beneath the gallows-beam in the Brisbane gaol on Monday morning last. • • • It is a hideous task to try and analyse the woman's inward promptings by her demeanor and statements, from the time Judge Cooper sentenced her to death, till the hour of her execution. That one ghastly doubt will intrude. She seems to have been a brave-nerved woman who, had she been guilty of her husband's death, would, during some period or other of her rage, have said–"Yes, I did kill old Billy Thompson, and serve him right. Pity I didn't do it long ago." But, in her violence, or in her calm, she declared her innocence " on her dying oath." All bushmen know what solemn meaning puperstitious people even criminals–attach to a " dying oath." That doubt is once more conjured up. And there were so many easy ways of getting rid of " old Billy Thompson." The Mosman river is full of alligators, and the maws of alligators tell no tales. The doubt takes shape again. After all, Billy Thompson's death meant financial ruin to Ellen Thompson. It meant her return to toil at the washtub. The doubt is haunting. • • • Hard and wild and reckless and sinful, the approach of death brought out in her all that was soft and womanly–love-yearnings for her children ; prayers for their exoneration from shame ; prayers for her own soul. Her heart was visibly softened, but still not by one word would she acknowledge that she had any hand in her husband's death. The doubt grins and dances around the scaffold. • • • The first woman hanged in Queensland. What a year of womanly Jubilee ! A woman over yonder on a throne, sending round cadgers for the people's pence.. A woman here dangling in a noose by a rope from a beam, under that other woman's laws, yet, with her dying breath, with the names of Almighty God and her orphan children mingled entreatingly on the lips that shall utter never more an earthly sound, protesting she is innocent. "What a year of womanly Jubilee ! • • • Hear her last petitions for mercy, Mercy, mark you! not for herself, but for her lover and for her children! Are these the words of an impenitent murderess ? May they not be the words of a wild, ignorant, sinful woman, who has stopped short of murder, and who battles stupidly against an awful array of circumstances which she cannot explain? Here are her two last letters to his Excellency the Governor: " H.M. Gaol, Brisbane, " 4th June, 1887. "On my knees I beg for mercy. Consider my character and the dreadful lies sworn against me. When you were visiting Port Douglas I was one of the women who followed you on horseback. I asked Sir Samuel Griffith for a schoolmaster, to bring my children up the right way, as my husband was so cranky. I banished all the children so that they would not annoy the poor old man. 1 swear by the cross I now hold in my hand that 's evidence is a lie and made up by himself. . . . " ELLEN THOMPSON." • • • "H.M. Gaol, Brisbane, " 9th June, 1887. " I have already made a pitiful appeal to you on behalf of the young man, John Harrison, whom I believe to be innocient. It meant ruin and poverty for me to lose my husband, and I will never consider it a murder. When I am dying on the gallows, it will be the taking of my life that will be the murder. Our lives, I know, were completely sworn away through false swearing. I have three demands to make of the Government:–Firstly, in the event of my innocence being proved, that each of my four children receive the sum of £500; secondly, that all my statements be returned to me, that I may destroy them; and thirdly, that Pope Cooper may never be allowed to sentence another woman in Queensland without first hearing both sides of the story. I want these requests to be granted in writing, and Mr. Knight and the Rev. D. Fouhy are to be trustees for my children, If these demands are not granted I will stick out for my rights at the foot of the gallows; if they are I will walk on to the gallows like an angel. .'ELLEN THOMPSON." • • • That phantom doubt looms larger than ever. • • • Tbe first woman hanged in Queensland is hanged by a Government whose Attorney- General has been a Minister of Christ's gospel–an apostle of the Great Forgiver, the Great Interceder–of him who said, " He that is without sin, let him cast the first stone!" Ugh! that doubt! • • • The gallows-scene was horrible and bloody. The jugular veins of Ellen Thompson and John Harrison were cut through with the hangman's rope, and the blood of the condemned sank drippingly to the ground. Harrison met death unfalteringly. He said that he fired at William Thompson in self defence. He listened quietly to the consolations of the attendant clergyman, and died without bravado but without tremor. Why will these doubts intrude ? • • • Thus closes a bloody chapter of Queensland crime and judicial vengeance. Why does the doubt spring up again like a ghost, and point with mock ing finger to the Biblical text–"Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord ?" What a year of womanly Jubilee ! + 