The Sensitive Servant. We have had servants of all kinds honest, dishonest, sober, tippling, good-na tured, ill-tempered, Irish, German, black, white, polite, impudent, industrions, lazy, old, young, and red-headed. Some com menced well, and ended badly ; others com menced badly and grew better as they went along. But each and every one knew how to run the place better than we did, until we began to regard them as the real heads of the house, and generally kept on our guard lest we should offend them. The humors of these creatures are amus I e had one girl who put cheese and but ter on a dry, dusty shelf, and mashed potatoes on a rusty tray. When she was leaving the dining- room with the china, she invariably piled more dishes on her arm than she could safelycarry, and on her way out would set a few down on the sofa or mantel-piece until she re turned. Another girl was very fond of the bull-pup, and undertook to raise it. When the pup was half the size of a calf, she would carry him up and down-stairs in her arms, and when her work was done at night, she would sit in the kitchen in a rocking-chair, take the dog on her lap, and sing lullabies to him until he fell asleep. The dog's bed consisted of a soap- box, with a peice of octagonal grating placed over it, and held down by a flat-iron to keep the dog in. But the dog used to squeeze through any of the octagonal apertures. The servant learned how to keep him in. He could only squeeze through when empty, so she always kept him so full that he looked like a balloon, and was as hard as a rock. But suddenly the girl took a dislike to the pup, and would have nothing more to do with him. One night she didn't feed him enough and he wriggled out and devoured her shoes, She was a very sensitive girl. If you told her she did anything wrong, she would tell you she always did it that way, and you would have to apologise, and tell her she was right, for fear she would become ruffled and leave, If you wanted your steak broiled, and she saw fit to fry it, you would get it fried, She usually cooked the eggs hard, and served fish and chicken rare. She was an awful cook, and cost us on an average, five shillings a week for indigestion medicine. The dog would take nothing from her hand, He would turn away, and go next door and work the rubbish barrel. We could leave him in the kitchen with turkey or beef in the oven, and the dog would never touch it. The only way he could be induced to eat what she cooked was not to let him see her touch it. So we kept him tied just outside the window, beside which we sat at table. When the cook brought anything in that we couldn't eat, we poured it into the fire if it was a liquid, and threw it out to the dog if it was meat. Frequently the girl came in, smiled with delight to see the platter almost empty, and think her culinary art had been so keenly appreciated. Buta she little dreamed that at the very moment she was arrayed in the smile of triumph the poor dog was outside writhing with peritonitis. The dog had digested the cow-hide shoes as though they had been tuberoses finally yielded up the ghost; for the girl had cooked his goose. The dog having died, we had to dismiss the girl, for we knew that we could only stand her cooking on the Desert of Sahara, where we could moor an ostrish outside the window, or in Venice, where we could have a private shark chained in the canal just beneath the verandah. 