A Ghost— and a Real One. The following story was told by Mr. Butler, of London, to Lady Blooifield. Mr. Butler, rhen a boy at Harrow, contracted a raoBt intimate friendahip with another lad. They worked, they waiked, they played toge- ther, and in order tp still more solemnly em phasise their friend ship, they one day cut a bole iu each other's arm, and signed a paper in each other's blood, binding the one that died first to appear to the survivor in person at the moment of his decease. After leaving Harrow, however, the lads saw but little oi each other. Tneir lives lay far apart. The friend went out to India, Mr. Butler to college, aud then to the English Bar. An eager correspondence was maintained at first, but as y-ars rolled on it slackened, and the friendship gradually died away, as boyisn friendships will. Oue wiutry day, Mr. Butler, oppressed by business, worried and over worked, felt the necessity for a breath of country air, and, cold as it was, determined to run down to that cotqjprtable little inn, The Wh atsheaf (by Virginia Water). That evening, he was sitting in the parlour, the better to enjoy his pipe, when he was siaitled by the face of a man looking in at the window. He did not know the face, aud yet it seemed to have a mysterious attraction for him' He got up presently, under pretence of relighting his pipe, aud passed before tbe window to examine the face more closely. It reminded him of something, he knew not what— of someone. Yes, it suddenly flashed across his mind, that was the face, not of the boy he had known so well, bat of a man sncb as that boy tnight have grown into, such as he probably would be now (chough Mr. Bntler had not seen him for years). Disturbed.by this sudden ve- awakening of old recollec lions, Mr. Butler spoke to tbe landlord. " There' a a man looking in at the window," eaid be. " Imp >ssible, sir," was the reply. " That window only looks into the court, and the gate of that was shut an hour ago." The face bad disappeared ! Mr. Batler, ulisatis . fied, resumed his seat, but could not rest — a strange haunting sense of uneasiness took possession of bim. Once more he rose to his feet. " It is stifling here," he said. " I must go out. I cannot breathe !" " You had better not, sir," said the landlord, as be opened the door ; " there's a keen east wind blowiug. and you'll catch your death of cold." Now, The Wheatsheaf is close to the lake, and Mr. Baler, stepping over the threshold, stood looking out across the water. A dark and gloomy night — and as he gazed the dark ness seemed to grow and gather itself toge ther, deepening into a sort of focus, which appeared to him like the mouth of a tunnel, and as he watched there came out of the tunnel a train, all brilliantly lighted from within by lamps, and as the train ap proached be saw in the centre carriage two men engaged iu a mortal struggle. One had the otherby the throat, and was forcing him backward towards tbe window. The ui&n; thus attacked was resisting with all his ujigui, wiitfu Buuueaiy vuc uuut ui iriic gat" riage flew open, aud he was hurled violently to the ground, falling at Mr. Butler m feet. Then, beuding over the man, Mr. Butler looked into his f&ce;, and behold! it was the same face he had seen gazing in at the window, and which had affected him so strangely only a few moments before ! Acd again, even as he looked, the face' had melted into air, the lighted train, the tunnel, tbe body of tfie victim, all had disappeared, and he stood alone there by the wafer's edge,, id the deep, dark wintry night. With a cry of horror, be staggered back into the house, and in answer to the landlord's anxious inquiries euid'. 41 1 am ill — evidently in a high etace of \- fever — delirious. It wou'e do for me to be laid up here. I must go back to town as fast as I can." And late as it was, he went off to the station, and back by the last train to London. Tne next morning Mr. Butler awoke, some what refreshed by his excursion, in spite of the unpleasant associations couuected there with. He found awaitiog bim some interest ing work, into which be plunged, and tbe incidents of the past night were forgotten. T«yo i day s/kter, however, they were recalled to hia . recollection when, Walking in Picca dilly, saw. on the other aide of the way, a geptleman whom hp had kuowu slightly in fqriner f days as being the brother of bis sphoolboy friend. Mr. gutter crossed over to himtouce- "What uewg of Arthur?" he inquired, ' Bad news," said ' the other, vravely. 44 Dead?" said Mr. Sutler. A melaucholy shake tof the head was the only reply "K-Ued? Thrown out of a railway train ? 1 continued he, excitedly. " Too. true," returned the brother, regarding him with t(fi lieRuised astonishment. 4 But how ou earth d|d you know! . We only received the telegram from India iib moruing 1" 