THE PRIEST’S OVERCOAT. “Hurry on, thin, Molly, asthore, or his riverence will be gone, and we can’t get buckled this day,” said Paddy Rafferty to a buxom, rosy-checked girl, trudging beside him. “Shure, thin, Paddy, it’s but niuo and tinpiuce we have got, and he’ll never marry us under the pound.” “ Well, agra, we’ll give him the chance anyway; and shure enough here we are at the chapel.” They entered, the man looking sheepish, and twirling his hat whilst the girl, now that the decisive moment had arrived, walked with a free, firm step into the sacristy. Father Doherty was just preparing to leave. “ Hallo, Molly 1 what do you want ? Paddy, my boy, it’s not thinking of mary ing you are?” he shouted iu stentorian tones. He was a burly man, red-faced and corpu lent. “Sure, then, it is just that, and nothing else. Would you believe it, your rivereuce, I have come here to get tied to Molly?” “Hum—hum—have you the money?” “ Well, father, you sec, I could only scrape together nine and tinpence. We’re poor folks, yer honor, sir; so perhaps you’ll do it for that.” “ My fee is a pound, Paddy Rafferty; well you know it, you ruffian. Not a peuny less.” “ Oh, thin, father,” here put in Molly, plaintively, “ I pawned me only other gown for three shillings, and sorra a stitch I have, nor Paddy either, except wlut we have got on us. Shure you won’t be too hard on us.” “Borrow it from some of your neighbors. I will not perform the ceremony for a peuny less. There, now, don’t ciy, there’s a good girl. I’ll give you a (juarter of an hour to raise the mouey; so bo off with you.” He seated himself iu a comfortable chair, took out his breviary, and was soon deep in prayer. After about 20 minutes the pair returned with radiant faces. “ Here, father, is the balance,” cried Molly, as she triumphantly produced a bright half-sovereign and two dirty coppers. The priest smiled benignly. “ Well, well, my children, I am very pleased indeed to be the instrument, under Providence, of uniting you in holy matri mony.” He .went through the ceremony, and when it was over, Molly approached him timidly, fingering somewhat nervously. “Am I married fast and certain now, father?” she asked, anxiously. “ As fast as Holy Church can tie you, my child. Even I could not undo what I have done. You’r Paddy Rafferty’s wife till death,” he answered, benevolently patting her dark hair. “You’re shure, father?” she demanded again. “Certain. I’ll swear it if you like,” jocosely. “I wish you joy, my children; and now I’ll go.” “Stop a bit; I have something for you. We are married safe now, anyway, and here’s the ticket for yer honor.” The ghost of a smile curled Molly’s full lips, and her black eyes twinkled mis chievously as she handed him the paper she had been fiddling with. “ What the—what is the meaning of this?” asked Father Doherty sternly. Ho turned to Rafferty for an explanation. “ Shure, then, father—would you believe it?—but Molly here took your honor’s over coat, and brought it down to ould Byrne, the pawnbroker round the corner, and, be me sowl, she popped it for tin ami tupcuce, and shure there’s the ticket for yer rivereuce, and ye can get the coat out when you pays the money. 