SPORTING OTES- Br " Newmaukbt," Keeping pace with the times and the im proved condition of its fin&noeB; the Williams- town Racing Club b&B; liberally given 400 soys, to the WilljamPtown Bacdioap, one mile and a fntiong, to be ran , at the Prince of Wales' Birthday meetiDg on the 9th of November. It will be seen iu the conditions which we publish this week tliat provision has been made for en allowance of 70 aovs. to go to the second horse, and 30 sovs. to the third hcrse, As nominations will not close until Monday, the let August, racing men' will have plenty of leisure to peruso the conditions.' Th« handicap for the Oaulfietd Gap if framfid tin jmu«h the eame lines as that of the Melbourne Gup,, and so cunningly has Mr, Barnard bronghs 4he lot together, that it is diffioaR to piok > ne horsa whose chance stands out tsnoh before that of another, 'Glancing downthe liet, tbosa which appear tome as likely to ppfisen the bst ehances, all going' well, are. Silvermine, "Merrlmu, Bravo, Volcano, Mozart, The Levite, Meteor, Eewafi, King of Ibe WMrt, Myall King, a— i w aaa— 8— — mm . Chicago, Loulee, Bedouia, Master John, and loo Too, Forty-six entries for tha Hawkeabory Guineas is certainly a very satisfactory rteult, and as thia event always has a eon- siaerable bearing cn the more important three year-oId raosB f ufc-.eqosntly decked in the :epring at Bandwick, Jlemingtcn, and Oaulflfcld, the contest will fee invested with a lot 0i interest, as the field likvly to go io tha post this year promises t»o ba larger than on any prertoup ccoasion The two-ye«r-old coit Pontlfex, by The Pontlffnot of Moato Chrleto's dam, has been sold by the Hen, James White to Mr. j. Dykes, and is now under the ofire of Ahop at Randwtck, New South Wales. The wslli known racehorse Rapid, by Rapid Bav, haa .. alao changed hands, and has been purchased by Messrs. W. J. Dangar and Co, for stud purposes. The Y.R,G. have granted by use of the Flemington racecourse to tha Melbourne Hunt Ciub for the meeting to be held on Saturday, the 1st October. As a meeting of the ooa?aiitt«rs of the Victoria Racing Ciub, on Tuesdav, is was decided to accept the tender of Mv. Skinner for the right of catering at - he Gvaud-atni bais and laucheon-roums at Fietniiiton, Mr. Skinner has achieved quite a distketiva reputation ass caterer for the inner wants'g of thirsty and hungry sportsmen, and genemi fcaiisfacrion will, I am sore, be feit by visitors to Fiemingtoa at his appoint meat by the V.R.C. Hazard has been struck out of the V.R.C. Maiden Hurdle Race. There has bsen a fair amount of wagering during the week over the approaching V.RC, Winter Meeting, but operations for the moat part have been mainly confined to double event wagering, over the Grand National Hurdle and Steeple. One prominent turf commissioner reports the following business : —1,000 to 20 Aristidea and Freetrader, 500 to 25 Arietides and Kildare, 00 to 20 Fiction and Kildere, 1,000 »o 20 Fiction and Ruby, 500 to 15 Fiction and Rsyal Oak, 2 000 to 20 Fiotion and Kangaroo, 2,000 to 20 Blue Mountain and Kangaroo, 700 to 7 Ocean and Ruby, 1000 to 10 Sir L&unoeiot; and Free trader, oOO to 5 Darkness and Kangaroo 500 to 5 Darkness and Kildare, 250 to 5 Whalebone and Royal Oak, For the Grand National Sseepto, 5 to 2 is effered Kildare, and 3 to 1 wanted, Several wagers have been written, Derby and Melbourne Gup, at the following prices : — 1000 to 5 Nisgaraand Silvermine, 1000 tol5 Abercarn ani Tvident, 1000 to 5 Abercorn and Silver mine, 1000 to i Niagara and BraVo ; 6 to 1 ia oflforefi tn the fisM for the Dskky-r Melboar/se Cup quota- tiohs;100|o 6 Trident, 100 to 4 Bravo, 100 to 4 Metaor, 100 'to S Nmgara. The follaw ing ealections.havfi been made for the double, Oaulfirid Cup and Mpibouthe Cap, at 1000 to 1, Bravo and Abercorts, Brsvo end Nelson, Bsoali end Trident, Master John and Silver mine, The Nun and Trenton, The Nun and Bravo, The Nun and Niagara, The Nun and Trident, Hortense'&cd; Bravo, Hortense and Silvermine. Our files by the last mail coat∈ an account of the running of the Derby, won hy Merry Hampton. The winner, who storied as 100 £o 9, vsas rather riow io Commecoe and in the early part of the race c-ce'.pied a rearmofeS p<-eitiou. Gradually threading his way through his horse, be followed Eridia- pord and Blanohard into the stiaight. Almost immediately afterwards the latter dropped back beaten, and a few strides further on Eridispord was done with. Tha Baron, on whom odds of 5 to 4 were laid, now essayed his effort, ball though Tom Cannon, who had the mount, rode with great vigour, Mr. Abington's oolt held his position in front with apparent ease, and eventually won in a canter by four lengths. Mfcrtley was about half the distance behind The Baron ; Aintree was fourth, and the unnamed Doncaster -Shannon colt last. It is somewhat remarkable that C. Wood, England's now most successful jockey, did not have a mount in the race. Another noteworthy incident, too, in con nection with this year's " blu ribbon" it that j . Watts, whasteered the winner, scored his first Derby soeeess. 3 The sentence of disqualification for font months, passed upon the jockey J. Bull by the Adelaide Racing Club, has been endorsed ny the Trotting Club. BnU waa disqualified for refusing to fulfil an engagement to ride for Mr. Ferry attheJaat ARC. Meeting. Mr., W. A Filgate has been appointed manager of Mr. Hill's stud in Gippeland. A horse-clipping match came off on Satur day afternoon at Mfessrs. E. 'M'Carthy and Co. 'a Bazaar, C&stlereagh; street, Sydney (says the "Echo ") between H. Lane, of Sydney, and T. Smerridge, who hails from Newcastle, The contest was for £50, and Mr. H. Pateson was appointed judge. Two horses were operated upon, each of the competitors clipping a side, and the first animal waa divested of his superfluous coat within the hour, Lane getting through his work in 55min., while Sraertidge had his completed m 13aec. less. Lane clipped his share of th» second horse in 59mim, and Smerridg finished a second later on; bat the judge decided that Lane's workmanship was Superior, and awarded him the prize. A largo number of persons interested in clipping witnessed the , contest. _ The value of -the English Derbj, vroa by Merry Haippton, was £4,575. Ormonde# tape was Wukth £4.700, rmd Meltmi'a, Fur theptotfous tonyeato, rii# valh# bf th# t h- ' 1 ' - " : ' T -r ',at V ' Derby Iras W tt fdtofl :— 1S75 (G-lopfoL: £4.960 ; 1S76 (Ruber), £gj75j l87 j???-'' £6,060; 1678 Seftou-, £5,825; 1879 feir EWs)! £7 0i5 ;1880 (Bend Or), £6,375 ; Dgl ' (IrooDDi), £5.925 ; 1882 |Sho«ovt|, £4 775 ; 1883 (St Bkise), £5,150 ; sad 1884, focmave of toe 300 s >vs. to be awarded the secoud horse, £4 900. which sum was equdty divided \- between Si. Gadeu asd Harvester, who finished dead heat fee first place. Toe cro#= coontry horses. The Lowan and \- arrived from Adelaide doriiig the Owing to the continued sloppy state of the Elatemwick coarse, the stewards met on Wednesday last and farther postponed the meeting until Tuesday next, the 12- h inst The LPydrie races have been postponed until Wednesday next The stewards of the Y.RC- have refused to allow the nomination oi Louise for the Melbourne Cup to be amended, and the speedy daughter of St. Albans will now perforce retire from the list. _ The sKV»b=, gates, etc., in connection with the Y.R C. Grand National Sleeting, will be \- sold at auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday There vss an afternoon's racing at Tatars cc Monday bit, and, notwithstanding the unfavourable nature of the weather, tin attendance was fairly ntiAdwy. Fair won the Maiden Pbte and Selling Race. The Tatnra Handicap fell to Trojan, | Freetrader waaaceearfolintlia HMfieBaoe, the Trot went to Scarifier, tad the Tows Kate to Saladin. . _ . _ Those who intend trying their fortunes at the winter meeting of the Wyndham Basing Chib are reminded that nominations will Q?qgQ it the V.B.C. office at 4 p.m., and at tip Werribee Ciub hotel at 8 p.m., oa Mmds. ths 18 ih inst., for the under mentioned event? Handicap Hurdle Race, cf 40 so vs. : Werribee Park Handicap, of 50 ore ; Sfeeplfcchase, cf 60 sow ; Selling S-kes, of 50 sovb, ; and Wyndham Handi cap. of 75 sovs. There are few owners who nave had seen a reputable connection «iih the torf as the gentleman wfa-ee nom dr. count is Mr. J G. »« Beid." and the intimation that be has decided to retire from active participation in the vptrl and dispose of his well-known etnd of racehorses has occasioned general regret The chief reason for tsking this step is, I understand, that Mr. 4 Bad's" eldest son, who is popularly known as " genial Josh," intend® devoting ril bis attention to pastoral pursuits in the Western District. The siring which ineladts Grace Darling, Gadfly, Kitty Fieher, Marlboro' (2 yrs, by Bride son Crusoe ), Dsctcsr, Lbhologis (2 yre), Golden Fleece (2 vrf). The Ghost, BsrOns, Empress. fcnd the sfsliJon Tomult— save been placed in the hand? <' Meesre. W. C Yaffle and Co, for at Newmarket, on Friday next, the 15 Ih inst. I. Foobham has accepted the position of private trainer to Mr. W. Cooper, of Sydney, and Canlfieid will scon miss the einrdy fnrm of the " laconic Ike," who, I believe, wiiwwtw shortly to take his departure lor Hand wick. Flashlight arrived safely from Tasmania on Tuesday. 