THE JULY MAGAZINES. The Contemporary lievtew opens with a paper by Professor Goldwin Smith on the Canadian Constitution in connection with the idea that Canada affords a parallel to Ireland, and a precedent for dealing with the Irish ques- tion. The writer points out that externally the relation of Canada to England is not, as is always assumed, stationary, so that it could be reproduced as a permanent institution, but shifting. It is that of a dependency which is in progress towards independence, and has now almost reached the goal. Canada is now assuming the power of making lier own com mercial treaties under the formal control of the Foreign Office. The Governor-General has finally resigned his control over the power of dissolving Parliament, wlich is now openly used by the party leader in power. Everyone feels that the thread of connection with the mother country may be snapped at any moment by an untoward event, such as the failure of England to afford efficient protection to Cana dian commerce in case of a maritime war ; and those to whom a violent rupture with the mother country presents itself as the greatest of evils liTC in constant apprehension of some occurrence of this kind. The precarions character of the political connection between Canada as a self governing colony and Great Britain is being illnstratcd by the proposal of the Canadian Minister of Finance to add to his protective tariff an article excluding British iron. As regards relations with the United States, Professor Smith believes that the English speaking race on the North American continent divided a century ago by the Ameri can revolution must some day again become one people, though it is to be hoped that the re-union when it comes will bo brought about, not by annexation, but by mutual attraction, while nothing is to be gained on cither side by precipitating the event. He is also strongly of opinion that England has no political interest on the American side of the Atlantic except the friendship of the whole English speaking race. The latest confirmation is the conduct of the Canadian Legislatures in allowing them selves to be used as the instruments of those who seek tho disintegration of the Im perial country, which is an incident from which the advocates of Im perial federation should take warning. Mr. W. Holman Hunt furnishes an interesting account of his travels in the Holy Land in search of material for the pai n ting of his picture, The Scapegoat. Archdeacon Farrar makes a strong appeal for tho protection of Africa from the drink trade, and quotes Sir Itichard Burton's opinion that " if the slave trade were revived with all its horrors, and Africa conld get rid of tho whito man with tho gunpowder and rum which he has introduced, Africa would be a gainer in happiness by tho exchange." Under the title of " Modern Historians and Small Nationaltics," Mr. H. Morse Stophens remarks that no political fact is of more impor tance and interest in modern Continental history than the tenacity with which the smaller nations of Europe preserve their pride of nationality in tho faco of the growing tendency towards the formation of large, strongly con centrated empires, supported by powerful armies. Why, he asks, should Portugal utterly refuse to unite with Spain ? Why do Holland and Belgium cling to their existence as separate States in spito of all tho efforts of statesmen to join thein ? Why do tho people of Bohemia and Croatia, of Finland and of Poland, refuso to coalesco with tho rest of the population of the empires of which they form but small sections ? Why, finally, do tho new. kingdoms of Itoumania and Serviashow such astonishing vitality ? Tho answer is found in the labors of earnest modern historians, who havo success fully revived the national spirit of the peoplos concerned. A Resident of Pekiu, writing on tho condition of China, remarks that her position in regard to tho western powers 6incc 1842 is an entirely now doparture in her history. Her Ministers sit with the diplo matists of Europe, in tho samo council chambers, as equals with equals. This change must havo a vast inflnenco on her in COmlug times. She Is too strong not to be respected. Her population is too great and her civilisation too advanced to admit of her being subdued by an invading army, and each year sees China growing stronger, so that tho otiicr powers, whether in Asia or further away, will be still less likely to attempt it at any future time. Though fully alive to the evils of opium smoking, the Chinese Government look upon the opium revenue as of too much value to be abandoned. They think it necessary for coast defence; and so pressing is this object that they are now planning railways as a source of revenue to meet the same need. Sixty per cent, from the receipts of railways, when made, is talked about as a convenient addition to the sum re quired for national defence, military and naval. The position of England in the trade with China is a security for the continuance of friendly relations between tho two countries. The trade with China of Great Britain and Hong Kong reached in 1885 a total of nbout a hundred million taels, or £26,000,000 ; while the trade of China with all the rest of the world was about half that amount. The move ment of China at the present time is a slow as similation to the European type. She has always studied politics and she has had political writers from the time of Confucius fill now. Her high ethical school of conservatism is op posed to free-trade, and in favor of exclusive- ness and isolation. She is now retreating from the attitude of exclusiveness and the affectation of superiority, and is adopting ex ammo tho language and attitude of a Western Power. Her sentiments are becoming liberal, and her laws and institutions are in a fair way to be ameliorated. China, of all Asiatic countries, is the only one except Japau that has made a stndy of politics. China, like Japan, is awakening, but the process is slower than in the case of her island neighbor. Tho yinctcenth Century is not a strong number this mouth. Sir Monutstuart E. Grant- Huff reviews tho progress of political opinion in Great Britain during tho past six years. Mr. St. George Mivarc discusses tho Catholic Church and Biblical criticism, holding that there is in slore for the Catholic world a trans formation of opinion in the domains of history and criticism similar to the transformations which it has antecedently experienced in the fields of astronomical, geological and biological science. Mrs. Harrietts B. Davies proposes to do away with the domestic servant difficulty by establishing kitchen colleges for women ; not schools of cookery or a conglomeration of unor ganised classes, but schools of everything a servant ought to know ; schools or colleges with exhibitions and scholarships and diplomas, with clever lecturers and clear, simplo text books, and fees that will come within the means of women who have to work for their daily bread. Mr. Gladstone continues his Olympian studies, dealing this month with the rank of the god Athene. Mr. W. Rossiter contributes a very readable article on Artb an Athoism ; and Mr. Herbert J. Gladstone furnishes a somewhat colorless paper on his first visit to India. Some letters from Emin Pasha, up to January, 1835, on his doings in Central Africa, appear in tho Fortnightly. They are addressed to Mary Rosalio Felkin, of Wolverhampton, and speak hopefully as to his ultimato sncccss. Since 1878 Emin Pasha has been Governor of the great Equatorial Province which was until very recently under Egyptian rule ; and for the last four years he has been cut off from com munication with the ontsidc world. Mr. Francis Galton gives the results ofEome cunons statistics he has collected in regard to good and bud temper in English families. He finds that there is little difference between the two ecxcs in tho frequency of good and bad temper, but tbal little is in favor of tho women, since about 45 men are recorded as good tempered for every 55 who aro bad, and conversely 55 women as good tempered for 45 who aro bad. Although temper exerts an immenso influence for good or ill on domostic happiness, it seems that good temper is not especially looked for, nor is ill-temper especially shunned, in mar riage selection. Writing of General Langic- vicz, and tho last Polish rising of 24 years ago, Karl Blind maintains that it is idle to imagine the Polish question to be in reality settled. Should a great war, be remarks, fanned by the Czar's ambition and a French " party of revenge, "onco more desolate Europe, it will only depend on the powers interested in curbing Muscovite aggression to make good uso of tho Polish hatred of Russia. This, ho believes, is well understood at St. Petersburg ; and therein probably lies one of the restraining forces which still make it advisable for the Northern awtocracy to keep tho Panslavist hounds of war against Germany and Austria- Hungary in tho leash, F. Mabel Robinson contributes a paper on English Working Women and Their Earnings. .It appears that- among European natious none has so great a disproportion of tho sexes ns Great Britaiu, yet tho position of woman as a worker is far more readily acknowledged in Continental States than in England ; and forcigu women arc, as a rule, trained to tako part in tho bread winning, and enabled to bear a share of the responsibilities of life, after as much as before marriago. Tho British, as a nation, have mado no effort to teach their redundant female population to support itself, although their position as a mother of colonics leaves them with a steadily increasing propor tion of womon who, through the emigration of their male relatives, are forced to provide for themselves. Some melancholy details are given of tho prices paid for women's work in tho old country. To a largo class of working men's wives a fow shillings weokly make all tho difference between penary and comfort ; these women, never realising the misery their com petition entails on those who aro working for bare bread, will take work at a starvation wage, and they ore the mainstay of the cheap exporter and shirt maker. Slop Government tailoring for soldiers and police is but little better paid ; fatigue great coats arc now made for 10d., and white canvas jackets, very stiff and hard to sew, for Is. The popular circular fnr- lined cloaks are put together for Is., a prico wliich, considering the relative amount of labor, seems trcly magnificent in comparison with the export trousers at 4Jd. Low class plain sewing is even more wretchedly paid. There existed a short while since a West End shop which paid Is. Id. a dozen to London sempstresses for machine made Oxford sliirls, and lid. each, buttonholes included, is still a common wage. Even with the better class of traders the earn ings of the plain needlewoman aro small ; 6s. is a high price to pay for tho making of a lady's night dress, yet there is from three to five days' work in snch a garment when finely tucked and made by hand, so that 2s. a day is tho highest earnings of a skilled " white " worker employed by a high class firm. Her neighbor, no less proficient, but working for a cheaper house, gets only 3s. 6d. or 3s. 9J. for the samo gar ment, yet the wonder is rather that her em ployer pays her so well than that he pays so badly, for he has to compete with his fellow- tradesman, the seller of convent nud peni tentiary work, and with him who deals in' the cheap and excellent labor markets of Ireland and France. In many trades in England a woman must underbid the men to obtain employment, and by doing this she becomes the enemy of the mole worker, who quite rightly refuses to work in company with thoso who depreciate the value of the work. The Hon. Geo. Curzon, M.F., supplies a remarkable account of the tor tures he saw a set of Dervishes at Kairwnn inflict upon themselves. Knives were rnn through the body, and prickly pears and broken glass were eaten ; hut though livid marks of wounds were left, in no case did blood seem to flow. Mr. Curzon observed that these phe nomena arc so closely allied to those produced in various and well known states of hypnotism, catalepsy, ecstacy and hysteria, as to deserve a more minute physiological analysis than Ihcy have so far obtained. Tho disorder, complete insensibility to pain, mental delusions, violent mnscnlar contortions, strong emotional ex citement, fiudiag vent in wild nttcr- naces and extravagant gesticulations, all theso are familiar symptoms of one or other of tho affections named. It is now generally admitted that hypnotism, or, as it is sometimes erroneously called, animal magnetism, is not produced by any occult force transmitted from an operator to a patient, bat arises from a degraded physical and mental condition in the organisation of the subject concerned. In an article on the Georgian and Victorian Expansion, Professor Seolcy finds that the brightest side of the Vic torian ago is undoubtedly to bo seon in the growth of the colonies aud dependencies. At home there seems to be a sliudow for every light. At home development is either im peded or mado dangerous by want of room. Everywhere. there is congestion, and not only in the East of Loudon or in the West of Ire land. For the colouies this half century has been a period of uninterrupted growth and almost unclouded sunshine. The initial paper in the Westminster deals with the present form of the Liberal organisa tion with a view to its rc-organisation in conse quence of the recent defeats which the cause has sustained. Complaint is mado that there has been too much narrowness in the application of tho caucus (system. At tho last general election tho organisation failed as a gange of opinion before the dissolution, as an engine of education before thccontcst, and as n menus of polling the electors on tho day of the election. The cardinal faults of tlio present system of local organisation are defined to be — The non- reprcscutalivc character of the associations ; the faulty system of election ; the dangerous prac tice of issuing more machiuo made opinion ; tho indifference of the balk of tho association to the political condition of tho rank aud t-lo of the party ; the lack of any methodised system of political education ; and the want of any orga nised method of apportioning work aud respon sibility among individuals. Uudor the title of A Flitting Ghost, Sir. Froudo's Oceana is reviewed, and defined as being an utter failure in ils attempt to represent the true position of New Zealand. The American system of edu cation is discussed by a well informed writer, who describes the chief defects of tho American schools as being — Want of definiteness and unity of aim ; want of power to harmonise and satisfy the claims of tho various classes of tho population ; want of method, dis cipline aud thoroughness ; want of educational completeness. The most obvious defect in American education, tlio writer holds, is tho lack of practical training in tho prodnctivo crafts. The consequence is that ' tho productive crafts and thoso who practiso them arc despised, 60 that American citizens will not learn them if they can find any other way of making a living. Tho children of tlio very poor classes, who, for want of any thing better, would be glad to learn them, can fluff no opportunity lo do so, especially now that tho labor organisations so strongly object to the employment of apprentices. Thus there are developed, on the ono hand, an unscrupu lous, supercilious uon-luhoring class, that, in trying to live by its wits, corrupts public morality in a thousand ways ; on tho other, a helpless clas6, utterly unprepared to fight life's battle, aud siuking down after a brief ineffectual struggle into tramps, " loafers " and criminals, or, at best, into public slaves, for whom no one is responsible, and whoso labor is sold as a substitute for steam power at compe- tition prices in a labor gluTTpr writer ,s very hopeful of the future 'of , Amoncau educational system ; and 1,,,-' that w hen the Church is one; firmt 3 on the rock of truth it will go hand in I,, i with the State, when the same schools nil educate for both, for their interests w.ll $ r VTV ,APapCr n tb0 CoderaJ of the British Empiro directs attention toth# fact that history affords no parallel to the nJ tion of that empire. Tho British flag fl0 J over one-eighth of tho habitallo globe vil toria rules over onc-sixth of the world's pLJ tion, and Great Britain enjoys onc-lhird of lh£ world's trade. The British dominions excj fourfold those of ancient Rome. The reviewJ thinks that the circumstaaco that the mol important advocates of federation denrecaf earnestly the premature- formation of defoil and detailed proposals indicates the strength H the cause. The constructive policy will b=ii as soon as public feeling requires it. j| Blackwood has the first of a series of crliclJ on tho Balance of Military Power in Eoronl in reply to Sir Chas. Dilke's recent papers 1 tho Fortnightly. The writer contends thfj when . the conditions under which fonjJi nations maintain their Iinge armies are nrniucd, it will ho fouud that, though thl English army, in proportion to numbers, coiaf sum's wliich appear to be fabulocslr Iar» jf proportion to theirs, yet that in lnercmonelarjl resources the drain of their system is incalcolffi bly greater than ihatof the Eu'glisb. TlicKaJj army; he believes, is the cheapest in tho world f® the work it has to do. Though much moneP lias been wasted in the past, and though nnaP reforms arc needed, tho British Government E now, in the main, upon the right tract, pr®= vidod the pubic (will so far interee! itself in tlio matter as to see that abuses, whieP havo crept in mainly because of that very Paffi liamentary system which Lord Ita'udoipl Churchill acquits,, are remedied. The navy Is now in hands which earnestly intend to sift iflj weaknesses aud redress what is wrong ; bat it? has a gigantic task in defending a coiumerelj the extent and the weakness of wliich bsfomj attack is never realised by Englishmen. OE the other hand, that commerce supplies to Grot| Britain aspecial power for striking tffectivebkffl|j at a distance from homo which of its Rind ft; nnrivalled. The writer admits that England,'; ns both Sir Chas. Dilko aud Coh Mallcson sap agreed, is within India itself restricted to 8j| essentially defensive position. Any conic® with Russia in whicli Russia should ba cblc tM strike, and England only to defend, would beg disastrous ono. Therefore England needs tE develop her power for striking rapidly as far® she reasonably may. The inexorable csuditio® of sea transport impose a limit wliich csnnig be passed to the force that cau so be used fj| striking rapidly. It is added : — " If we b® lieve — which we do not — that Vladivostok was iho one vulnerable point in the llossi® dominions at which wo could strike, wo shoals hold Sir Charles Dilke to be a traitor for dill closing our purpose of going there, seeing th® all the effective strokes depend upoa thai being delivered after tie fashiou of our movjg mont in 1882, from Alexandria to Isuiniiin, j| which Arabi never heard till he was a prison® in Ceylon. Therefore wo do not propose m discuss the exact direction in which cur blofe should bo delivered but ; in a future article ss| shall show cause why the power of entering tli| Black Sea is vitally important to us ; also, thai tho present condition of the Continent offe® the opportunity, on tho do ut ties principle, alliance, which is vital to us if we are to defeiffi our Empire without ruinous strain on Oil people." m 