fmmor. A Han's Mother-in-Law- It is a mystery which no one has yet so'veo whyEO many sad jokes are constantly fceino perpetrated about a man's mother in-law What dreadful crime has the unfortunate woman committed in providing the man with his wife that he should bear such an undymg grudge against her? Now if it was a woman's mother- in-law who was made the butt of these jokes there might be a grain of senEe in ithem; for it is the mans mother who has it in her power to make life a burden to the young wife and not half try. - As a matter of fact, a woman is usually proud and fond of her son-in-law if he only gives her the ghost of a chance. When the young couple first go to housekeeping who is it that comes in and with her good sense and practical experience tides them over the rough places?' . A man's mother-in-law. It is the woman's mother-in-law who is most apt to criticise, and who exasperates the young wife by quoting, aU too frequently, i My son is used to have things thus andso.": "My son must have this or that for his meals.' "My son, with his small incomei should have married a prudent, economical, woman, etc. When the first baby makes it appearand? as well as the successive, ones, who is it that steps in and relieves the husband of Ins weary vigils, and takes the load of care and worry off the wife's feeble shoulders, and keeps tlie household running smoothly I The man's mother-in-law. • ^When he and his wife plan to take a littte trip together, who is it comes inland takes charge of the house and the children^so that they can peacefully enjoy their.holiday, with the restful thought. « Mother is there and itwill be all right ?" The man's mother-in-law. When there is sickness or trouble in the house, who is the faithful nurse, the wise counsellor, the sympathizing friend.? The man's motheivin-law. And if,. in the course jjf events, the wife dies, who is it that usually comes in aacf~ takes care of the children, and keeps up the home till the bereaved husband has time to look around and find another wife? : A man's mother-in-law. And fiow does he reward her for all this devotion? By making heartless jokes at her expense, 1 and publishing them for ether men to snicker • overl 