COUNTRY JVEWS. fFrom our own Correspondents.] BLACK BOCK. June 30. The past fortnight has been real jubilee weather so far as regards rain, and mild growing weather for the crops. So far this eeason is an exception to any heretofore ex perienced in the North, frost being con spicuous by its absence. Tilling operations were brought to a finish last week. There were a few laggards who had sot finished, but the wet weather put s stop to them. The early-sown wheat is looking splendid ; in fact, some of it is too forward for this time of the year. Feed is becoming plentiful. The prospects for a good eeason are the best seen in this part since the commencement of agricultural settlement. May it continue so. Our ghost has once more shifted quarters. The little girl Schultze, now eo well known in connection with this story, has once more shifted for the North, in charge of her paternal uncle, who has gone to reside in Eurilpa. Electoral matters are causing some ex citement here at present. I think there is more interest taken in this election than any that I remember taking place for the Legis lative Council. . Outside of a limited circle Mr. TennRnt seems the favorite. Mr. Copley has a good many supporters, but Malcolm is nowhere. BURR A, July 4. The second entertainment in aid of the Mayor** Fund was given at the Burra In stitute on Friday evening last, and passed off fairly well. The attendance was fair, but considering the object of -the entertain ment it should have been much larger. In the absence of the Mayor of Burra, Dr. Brummitt was Chairman, A lengthy and varied programme by lady and gentleman amateurs was gone through, and was con cluded by a farce entitled, ' Two Heads are better than One.' The whole affair was managed by Mr. J. A. Watt, who deserves great praise for carrying it to such a suc cessful issue. It is expected that the pro ceeds of this concert will raise the Mayor's Fund to about £70, leaving £30 more to be obtained so as to complete the work, which ie progressing rapidly. After a few days of fine weather last ?week, rain began to fall on Sunday morn ing,' and continued heavily all day, with every appearance of a continuance. About a month ago the head master of the Burra Public School, Mr. H. Wittbert, began an evening school for young tneu free of charge. A room at the Institute was granted free of cost one night a week for the purpose, and so far the attendance has been good, averaging about 30 an evening. 