The ,lysterious Bell-ringings. (Concluded.) In short, Vanderlyn was completely beaten, and began to wonder if there really were ghosts. By ten of the evening, after he had answered the gob!in's ring a dozen times, he was in a state of considerable mental ex. citement. The hint of Pilkington, that there was something strange and evil in this family, began to disturb him seriously. Was it Anthony Taillefer's spectre which thus, perhaps, avenging some mortal wrong, dis turbed the house ? Had the man really been poisoned? If so, who ? what cause ? These internal questions became so disagreeable thdt he sought to stifle them by talking to the widow and gazing into her wondrous eyes. Her calmness under the manifestations, her sweet and almost gay cheerfulness, so natural to a pure conscience, did much to ward a re.assuring him as to her blameless. ness and his own happiness. "It is a serious business for me, this bell-ringing," she said. "It may diminish the marketable value of the house. And I fear that I shall be obliged to let it." Was she in pecuniary straits ? Vanderlyn thought of his three hundred thousand dollars, and wanted to roll them all at her feet- Perhaps he was only prevented from offering himself to her at once by the reflec tion that she had been but one month a widow. Had he known her thoroughly, he would have known that there was in that fact no cause for hesitation, but also he would have known enough to make him recoil from such a proffer. The young man passed a wearisome and yet ludicrous night. It was pitifully comical to watch that) vast bulk of Pilkington's roll about the house in search of the bell-ringers, causing the firm floors to creak under its ponderous transit. On tiptoe Pilkington could not go ; his weight would have crushed the toes of a megalosaurns; he must tread on the full, eushiony breadth of his elephan tine pedals. Once he lay down, with many short-winded groans, to look under a door and spy the nest room. But his stomach and hips kept his head at an altitude which prevented him from seeing anything; and very soon the recumbent position brought on a spasm of suffocation which turned his yellow face to an awful crimson. It cost Vanderlyn a laborious minute to restore the giant to a sitting position on the floor, and another to place him upon the sofa. After recovering such breath as still be. longed to him, he proceeded, in a tone of some bitterness, to speak of Mrs. Taillefer. And there she lies upstairs, sleeping as calmly as a baby. Do you suppose she cares because we are making a night of it on her account? Not a bit of it. She thinks of herself, that woman does ; she's like all the rest of her sex; they are as selfish as cats. Just like cats, Mr. Vanderlyn-soft, purring, sly, selfish, cruel-that's precisely the phrase, IMr. Vanderlyn-selfishly cruel. Think of their own comfort, and their own nice fur. Nothing else-nothing else." "Are you not rather severe, at least, on Mrs. Taillefer ?" remonstrated the young man. Pilkington hesitated: he groaned with re. flection. We may as well suggest frankly that he wished to detach Vanderlyn from the widow, while he did not care to have her know of his efforts to deprive her of a pos. sible suitor. "A word with you, sir," he answered, when he had taken his resolution, " a word with you in strict 'and friendly confidence. Honor of a gentleman, Mr. Vanderlyn ? I feel an interest in you, and want you to be well informed. This woman, who is now sleeping .so0 sweetly upstairs, has always slept through other people's trouble. She is selfishness incarnate. Her mother was a widow, and poor; she starved herself to fur nish her Diane with dresses ; he positively killed herself with insuflicient and improper food; and Diane, the pretty kitten, let her do it. Then came Anthony Taillefer's turn. Alter a cat has eaten one mouse, she must have another. When Taillefer fell in love with this girl and married her, he had just succeeded to his father's estate and was try ing to set it to rights. He held on to the family mansion, but he was living economi cally. He told his circumstances to his bs trothed; he told her that he could not af ford above five thousand oyear for household expenses ; he asked her to aid him in saving until the plantation mortgages ehonld be paid. Of course, she promised; cats always pro. mise." Here Mr. Pilkington uttered a sigh which was well suited to the nature of his tale, but which was probably meant to express no more than his sorrows or twinges. " What did she;do ?" He proceeded. "She began to eat Taillefer just as she had eaten her mother. He must give splendid parties; he must give receptions he must have a gallery of pictures; he must buy a newcar ricge; he most take her North. As for dres ses, jewels, and all that sort of thing, he mustn't stint her. If he did, oh, wasn't he cruel I and didn't she pay him for it ! You and I, Mr. Vanderlyn, don't know exactly how husbands are bullied and governed. But they are; we know that. Tallefer was. He was a kind-hearted, well-meaning fellow; he wanted otherpeople to be happy ; ho hated to cross his wife. She found out all that, and she had no pity on him. She ate him up as calmly and prettily as she had eaten her mo. ther. He got deeper in debt every year; I know how it went with him; I am a broker. At last, of course, the end came; but before it reached him, he stepped out; yes, sir, step ped out. Haven't the least doubt of it, Mr. Vanderlyn. Strychnine. Couldn't bear to hear himself called a bankrupt. Perhaps couldn't bear to tell his wife that he had no more money for her. Both are likely. He was high-toned and he was soft-hearted." Mr. Pilkington closed his narrative in the abysses of a profound sigh. Vanderlyn began to see things by daylight. Herewas a fat,old Ulysses in lovewith a young syren; aware of the perils of her enchant ments, and yet unable to escape from them; warning others from her isle, solely that lie might remain her only victim. For it was pretty clear that, notwithstanding Pilking ton's bitterness against the widow, he was desperately in love with her. He railed at her; he told the savage truth about her; yes, but he wanted her for his wife. In this curious spectacle Vanderlyn began to take a philoso. phic interest, which diminished his own in fatuation. The young man's eyes being opened, he made discoveries. From a word or two drop ped by Pilkington, he inferred that the de ceased Tailefer had borrowed largely of that gentleman and had not repaid. Another discovery, Vanderlyn remarked on the expense of burning gas all night throughout so large a building. The sulky re sponse was: "It won't cost Aer anything; nothing costs her much." So Pilkington was still lending. As to the bell-ringing, he discovered noth ing, except that they could keep him awake. What with waiting for noises, and dodging about in vain search for their cause, neither of the men got any sleep. The next morning their lustreless eyes and haggard faces pre sented a strong contrast to the freshness of Diane Taillefer, as sweet and cool as a lily from the dews of a summer night. Vanderlyn was almost angry at the bland good-humor with which she smiled at the story of their vigils, and, by way of protest against her ungrateful lack of sympathy, he went off to his hotel after breakfast and took a nap. During the day he met old travelling com rades, and they, knowing his social position, introduced him to their friends. Within a week he was in society, visiting people who knew Diane Taillefer. Everybody who was anybody knew Diane Taillefer; everybody, too, wanted to talk about her. Public opinion was very positive as to the merits and demerits of this remarkable young woman. She was beautiful; yes, but she was heartless. She was charming, she was bewitching; yes, but she had no sympathy for others. She was a born queen of society; yes, but she ruined those who loved her. Everybody knew that she had sucked the life out of a mother, and then had sucked the life out of a husband. Yet there were plenty of women who envied the fame'of this fascin ating vampire, and plenty of men who seemed willing to offer their heart's blood for her subsistence. The fact that her widow hood excluded her from society was to her rivals a keen joy, and to her admirers a matter of loud lament. " It is a cruel joke on her, this mourning," said one of her best friends-a lady of high fashion-to Vanderlyn. "There she is, on a temporary funeral pyre, for a husband whom she was glad to get rid of because he could net support her in the style that she needs. There she is, debarred from hunting the millionaires whom she wants." On the whole, the young widow's character suffered more than it gained at the hands of Mrs. Grundy. She herself contributed to her own defamation by keeping up her usual expenses, although her insolvent husband had not left her a penny. This woman, strangely deficient in moral perceptions, never could understand the justice, the decorum, or even the wisdom of paying a debt. At a creditor who asked for his money she stared with haughty astonishment, only slightly mixed with irritation. If a shop-keeper hesitated to trust her further, she conceived that he had grossly insulted her, and turned her back on him with annoying contempt. The doors of a house which she did not own she ordered to be closed in the faces of people whose claims entitled them to say that they did own it. "I don't know how she will come out," re marked the intimate friend above mentioned. "I fear that she will require two or three men at once to support her. And, you know, that sort of thing seldom ends well." While Diane Tailefer wanted to be trusted by every one, she trusted no one. When Pil kington invested for her some ready cash which she had kept out of the estate, she took his receipt for it with a phrase which was worldly wise, but the utterance of which was cruel. " In matters of business," she said, with a smile, "it willnot do to confide in a huo ness-man. In other affairs he may be a self. sacrificing friend; but, as soon as it comes to business, he looks out for himself." The circumstances which most injured Diane Taillefer was the bell-ringing. This strange annoyance, which soon became known throughout the city as a "spiritual manifea. tation," so thoroughly captivated and be witbched the popular credulity, as to make it accept any phantasmal figment which might seem to account for it. It was soon reported that the bells were rang by Anthony Taille. fer's ghost; then came a suspicion that the haunting spirit had some wrong to avenge; then arose whisperings of poison. By negroes? That, in the opinion of New Orleans, was always probable. By Diane Taillefer. People looked at this question; no one wished to utter it. The body was taken from the family vault, and traces of strychnine were found in it. But at this point the investigation was arrested by Pilkington, who brought forward strong probabilitiesof suicide. He showed the pecuniary affairs of the deceased had long been in a hopeless state; he produced a note in Taillefer'e handwriting, which spoke of "aceeking surcease of trouble in death; " in short, he kept the affair oat of tjh gogtp. Nevertheless, the scandal was a heavy blow to Diane in more ways than one. Aifer Ehi had succeeded, through Pilkington'e admix. able management and liberal loans, in says ing the house for herself out of the icsolhcnt estate, dsh found that it had become valtE. less as a piece of property. She could not live in it for lack of means, and she could not tent it becausee it was haunted. Another fatal incident was that her old ed. mirets were perverted by the popular reriu. dice. It began to eeem unlikely that any ,t the wealthy young men of New Orlecre would marry a woman who had bcccme known a as "husabnud-kilcr." lrem the time that this blasting epithet gained cur. rency in society, the retirement of he. widowhood was not adorned by a single fli:. tation, excepting the affairs with Va\'drlyn and the broker. The New Yorker waca tempted by this dangerous and brilliant bait. The f.an that it was dangerous rendered it a!most as faIoeI nating to hinm na the fact that it wan brilliant We know how youth loves adventures; how it longs for the ideal and the unheard of; how chivalrous and generous it is; how cal. able of self.sacrifice; how hungry for plea. sure ; how reverent of beauty. In the history character, and person of Diane Tailletcr there was what promised to satisfy allyouth's craving impulses. To Vanderlyn's senses and appreciation she seemed to fill the air around her with an odor, or a taint, of be. wildering temptation. In spite of the warn. ings which he had received, in spite of the dread and even aversion for her with which the breath of society occasionally affected him, he could not help longing topossc?sher. At last he was distinctly offered his choice, whether he would take or refuse the alisring prize. He was alone with Diane in her parlor. After the manner of his sex, he was longing faom place to place in the room, noci stop. ping to glance at one of the old pictures on the walls, now fingering-the bronzes on the mantel, now turning over the leaves of an album, but all the while talking. After the manner of her sex, she sat tranquilly upons sofa, waiting for him to approach. ?e was thinking of his longings and her beauty; she was thinking of her necessities and his for. tune. "'Thanks," she said, with her most be. witching smile, when he at last took a seat beside her. " You have flattered theppictures and bronzas long enough. I want to engage a moment of your attentionfor myself. " Oh, but you have all my moments, you know," he answered, lightly. She heard him without smiling, hor elbow resting on an arm of the sofa, her face sup. ported and partly hidden by her hand, her eyes fixed on the floor with an expression oi melancholy. "Let me be serious," she murmured. "I am in pressing need of yourkindet coneider. ation and counsel. You will forgive me for imniorinug thus much of you. I am driven to it." "A woman is so helpless!" she sighed, still playing upon the chord of masculine pity for feminine feebleness. "' If I were a man, I could face my embarrassments. I could plunge into the world, and carve out success, or at least safety. As things are, all that I can do is to accept one man's help or an. other's" Her voice was music; it lulled and be. witched him. iHer eyes were marvelously beautiful and pathetic; they seemed to plead for his soul, and to obtain it. "A man's terms are so hard I" she went on. "He will save the woman whom he pities on the sole condition of possession. Such a salvation has been proposed to me by a man who is horrible, who is disgusting. Ah, it is worse than death, such help I Tell rme, shall I accept it ? Shall I marry Mr. Pilk. ington ?" Vanderlyn was crazed. The thought that this woman was about to be taken from him made her suddenly precious. The idea of see. ing so much beauty surrendered to Euch bestial ugliness drove him to long to rescue it, at no matter what self-sacrifice. He was on the point of extending his hand to take hers At that instant the bell rang. The clear tintinnabulation vibrated through his spirit like a warning from the other world. All at once life seemed ghostly to him; he believed for the moment in the interference of super. nal powers; an impulse drove him totrust hit future to the guidance of fatality. "If I find any human being at the door," he said to himself, " I will marry her." Without glancing at Diane, he rose, crosred the room as stealthily as a spectro, and opened the door. No one was in the hall; the bell-wire was still trembling; he opened the outer door-no one. " When he came back, his face was almost deathly pale, but he looked firmly into Diane's eyes, as he said; "I have no coun eel to give. "In that case," she replied, with a flush of desperation and anger, " I shall follow the advice of the only man who is my true friend. I shall marry Ir. Pilkington." A few months later Vanderlyn, lounging over the files in a New York Club, read the announcement of the'marriage of Diane Girou dean Taillefer to J. D. Pilkington, both of New Orleans. After a while Vanderlyn learned that Diane was once more a queen of society. The enor mous fortune of her husband enabled her to display a sumptuous elegance of dress and hospitality which crushed all competition. Even the high.bred aristocracy of New Or leans submitted to the insolent domination ot Mrs. Pilkington. Once he mot her at Newport. She be. witched him anew with her beauty, and grace, and affability. Not a euspioion of vindictive. ness or even coolness in her reception oihim. She noted that he bowed to her in spirit, and smiled upon him for it. She seemed to him incomparably charming. Then came the war, and with it a suspicion that she might be sharing in the ruin of the South, but no positive knowledge. Finally, Vanderlyn returned to Louisiana, as colonel of a New York regiment, in Banks's expedi dition. At Fort Jackson he learned, from a Confederate prisoner, that the well-kinown brokerPilkingtonhaddied a bankruptmonths previous, and that his widow had dissp peared from a society which was even then falling into poverty-stricken decay cnd con fusion. An evening or two after his arrival in New Orleans, he went alone to the Taillefer msan sion. The moonlight showed him the huge building as we have described it-a sombrec forbidding, hopeless, relentless pile, its doors nailed up and its windows barred. As he gazed, a citizen lounged by. Some conversation took piece as to the deserted house; then Vanderlyn inquired about the bell-ringinge--had the cause of them been dieeevered? "Oh, the ghost business,"replied the other. "No i no satisfantory explanation; it was always a mystery. I never knew of another thing which was such a complete puzzle to everybody." Presently a carriage pssead slowy, and Vanderlyn perceived in it a brother officer, evidently in a state of intolxiCation. By hil sideoat a woman. She Icaned forward and surveyed the mansion wistfully. He heard her say, "That was once my house." The oilicer rudely slapped her on the shoulder, with a drunken laugh of good humored incredulity, and a taunt of fearsful, though unmeant cruelty. "You women al ways have some such trash I tell ;go talk t the marines." As she fell hback in her seat, witha pathetic geosture of anger and despair, Vanderlyn lost sight forever of the now haggard features, the almost vbliterated beaPty, of Diane Tai' lefer, G. 