A MODEL PAPAL STATE. (From the Dominion Churchman, June 30.) In Ecuador -the Pope still-names the president, tbe priests still make the laws, and as a natural result, in that whole conntry there is not a railroad nor a telegraph, not a stage coach, nor a nignway upon wnicn a carriage or a cart can be driven, except the great roads built by the Incas before the Spanish inva sion, whioh have never been kept in repair, and are now almost useless. When I say that there is not a railroad in Eonador, I should except a traot ten miles long on the coast, which was laid some years ago, but was never opened, and is now covered with tropical under- brosh like a jungle. The city of Guayaquil, the only seaport of Ecuador, is a place of some commercial im portance, and the residence of many foreigners. They have introdaoed modern ideas and pnblio schools. The seed thus sown is bearing frnit, and is a perpetual menace to the power of the Church, so much so, that the principal portion of the army of Ecuador is kept there to quell revolutions when the papal authority is re sisted. Sime of the enterprising citizens have organized a telegraph company, and are constructing a line to Quito, the capital, but the wireBare constantly cut, and well- informed people prediot that tbe priests will not allow it to be operated, for fear it will prove a wedge that shall open the country to other modern ideas. There is a law in Ecuador prohibiting the importation of books, unless they Bhall first receive the sanction of the Ohurch, and Jesuit priests. act as inspectors at the Custom House, to prevent the dissemination of intelligence among the people. No records of the finances of the government arekapt. The president of Ecuador and hie finance minister were unable to give the United States Commission the amount of imports and exports, or the araonnt of revenues collected. Their ignor ance as to the disbursement of those revenues was quite as dense, but the prevailing belief is that much of the money goes to sustain the thousands of priests, monks and nuns that . keep the people in darkness. When the public revenues are not sufficient to meet their demands, the necessary means are raised by forced loans from the merchants of Guayaquil. An officer with a file of soldiers calls upon the business firms and collects the assessments. This practice has given rise to a peculiar custom, for to protect themselves from such impositions, the foreign residents pot signs on their doors to announce their nationality. Hence the traveller's curiosity is awakened by seeing the fligs of foreign countries nailed upon theentrance to residences or business bouses with a legend printed upon them, reading " He who lives within is an American," or a Frenchman, or an English man, or a German, as the case may be. Sometimes these warnings are disregarded, and appeal to the minister resident is necessary for protection- Drunkenness, indolence and licentionsness are the lessons taught by the priests. To attend mass every morning, and confessional once a week, are the only requirements of good citizenship, and vice of every description is not only licensed bat encouraged. Four- fifths of the population can neither read nor write, and the only knowledge they have is what the priests have told them. Ecuador is a Republic in name, but its conBtitutiou declares that the nation " exists wholly and \- alone devoted to the service of the Holy Church." The army is divided iuto four com mands, called respectively " The Division of the Blessed Virgin," "The Division of the Holy Ghost," "The Division of the Son of God," " The Division of tbe Blood and Body of Christ. " The Sacred Heart of Jesna" is the national emblem, and the body-guard of the president is called " The Holy Lancers of St. Mary." There are no Protestants in Quito, and none are allowed to reside in the city. Everything is tolerated but opposition to the Church, and he who will not partake of the sacrament is atoned. 