I BENEFIT PROMENADE CONCERT. Whatever has been the financial result of the Saturday | promenade concerts, the fact that a large portion of the > people approve of them, and that these were anxious to mark their appreciation of Mr Churchill Otton's labours for their amusement was shown by the attendance on Saturday last, which exceeded by several hundreds the members present at any previous concert of the series. Nearly 2000 persons were in the Exhibition Building, including the Mayoress of Sydney, who went with a numerous party, the programme; was not carried out quite in the order sprinted, and, through the glamorous demonstration during he interval, the fine overture to "Don Giovanni." which had been announced, was built too. The- contributions of the band were the overture) to Nabuco" the. work which first made Verdi famous beyond Italy a sales tion from the "Bohemian Girl," and a waltz by Waltonfel. The first was on the whole excellently played. The band was 'numerically larger than at the recent concerts, and the players readily responded to Mr. Devlin's baton. The selection was too long, and not well arranged. The connections between the various airs, introduced were inartistic, and the whole number dragged. Company's well-known duet, " Tel Ram month," sung by Miss Ada Baker and Mr. Vernon Sahl, opened the- vocal part pleasantly. The young lady has an agreeable voice which gives promise, under judicious management, of considerable value in the future. Mr. Vernon Reid was in good voice, and both in the dust and in his solo " Come into the Garden, Maud,'' was heard with much satisfaction by the audience. Adelaide Proctor's beautiful poem "The Storm," which Hall's set to good music, suited Mrs. Leonard's voice and style well; this song is less known than it should be, according to its merits, but it is scarcely taking with the public, the repetition is too great, Prince Arthur Sullivan so ably set the example in a song of three. verses of making the second distinct from the other two, a miscellaneous audience soon wearies of three verses alike; the " Miwnwro," too, becomes rather monotonous. Signor Lardelli was not at her best voice, or rather it may be that the song selected, "Lovely Spring," shows the weak part of the voice. ; the difference between the first and second parts of each verse Was very great, and some portions were very charming. Mr. Percy Jones is a favourite with the public, and was warmly received; he sang " The Manner'' with much spirit, and is slightly overeowtDff the voters is enunciation, M, jjowplaki succeeded, and by his brilliant executive power and graceful handling of the Valse de Concert (J, wwai. awake) roused the audience to enthusiasm, and afforded welcome evidence that his recent accident had in now say impaired his skil!. After a second round the artist resumed his, Road at the piano, and played with charming grace his own, transcription of a German air, familiar to, many as Breathe, not of parting," Miss Frances Saville was very warmly welcomed, and was in fine voice, though artistically the rendering of the great aria "Roberto to who adore" was not of tm'aetgry ; the tempo was in places, too slow, and in several passages the- phrasing was at variance with that of great singers. The rçcqptionbythepubUc watventhusiastic, and when, after prolonged applause, the young artist re-, appeared, and the introduction to Marble Halls" was I heard, the plaudits redoubled. The singing of Haifa's and was far more, acceptable. The Second part was opened, by M Poussard, whose reception. showed how warmly the audience. appreciated; him, and the "Carnival de Venise" made his nearer post demonstra- tive. Of the school of playing to which this piece belongs it was an excellent specimen of technical dexterity, and the encore, 'The bcptoli CarjaivaV' also appealed most power- fully to the assembly T and the violinist was rapturously applauded, The grand treat of the evening was, however, undeniably given when M. Kowalski and Mr. Fred. M'Quado played upon two pianofortes the brilliant " March lleiúírqluo,!' The artists were in perfect hymns pathy, and played with aplomb, brilliance, and accuracy apt to be surpassed. The players were admirably matched, though their styles are distinct, and this is undoubtedly an instance of professor and amateur week tin H on equal grounds, be pronounced was the feeling displayed that the duet was repented, and with admirable effect. The climax was reached in this pe| romance, and those who followed were to a certain extent at a disadvantage, though Mrs. Pechotsch gave a creditable interpretation of Braga's serenade, the violin obligato played by Herr Pechotsch, and Missed Dakar scored an encore for "Beloved Again," giving Dolly's Revenge" for the repetition. The " Waldteufel Waltz" served to play out the audience. Madame Poussard who was to have appeared, was uufortUn nutely pro- vented by indisposition from returning to Sydney and taking part.. Mr. J. Devlin conducted ; -Signor Lardelli accompanied, his wife, and the remaining vocalists W'cro a«i;ampani/cd by Miss I-.PU.iso Herbert, Who proved herself most ciRejeut. The programmes were novel, decidedly " something Japaiyjso.'' It is rumoured that the concerts will be resumed in a few months, and will, it is believed, be very acceptable. Saturday's attendance will ços!«inJy encourage Mr- Queen, The Theatre Rai'fll was well filled on Saturday night, and Mr. Alfred, Maltby's Christmas. pantomine entirely successful in pleasing the audience. The horlqqipnudo, which is under the direction of the Faust Family, is quite a feature of the performance, and is well worth study region, Miss, Minnie Palmer and "My, Sweetheart" drew a very large audience to the New Opera House on Saturday evening and the applause was not only spontaneous and generous, but discriminating. Miss Palmer is, of course, the life and soul of the piece, and; Mr. îtobcrta'i Tony is an artistic creation, but great praise must also be given to Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Charles Brown, and Miss Grey, for, hay making dramatic characters out of a playwright's sketches, they materially enhance the value of the perform once' ThoaoeñeryabtheNow Opera House it very pretty, and. uaLUhig has been spared to make My Sweetheart" by SBWqss. Mr, Solomon's new comfortable, and artistic theatre, the Criterion, was well filled on Saturday evening. The new system of ventilation has proved very successful at this playhouse, and the theatre was delightfully cool. Parks" was fairly well received press, and Messrs. Verdi, Ford, Miss Melville, and the company, obtained, a good deal of wefl-4,cscrvcd applause. In order to accommodate the stall patrons,' the whole floor of the criterion has been turned into chairs.''" At the Standard on Saturday vary large audience with needed the uérfpriuajice of Mt', Lonee Leutpntu Christmas pantomime '* Djpk; \Vh¡tl|ngtpnf" and by their Loud laughter and applause iiiynis.a.ka.bly made manifest their decided approval of the whole entertainment. The company is good, the scenery generally is good, and the trains tribution motion reflect the greatest credit upon all concerned in then; piou)uptjon. Mr. Dampier has produced a really good honest pantomime that piWisw be Patrons, old it should fill the Standard for many weeks to come. The new programme at the Academy of Music secured a very fair house tea Saturday evening, and entirely pleased the audience. Messrs. Porter, foreman, Amory, MoynUani, Carroll, Request and, L. Braham sang very fell uidpoq in the minstrelsy first part, and their songs and ballads were much applauded. A now quartette, '* Serviette' well rendered by Messrs. Braham, Amery, Souter, and Carroll, was a musical treat which, considering it was artistically far over the heads of Uiuaudiiwe, made a distinct hit. The sketches of Messrs. J. conon, Moynham, and jWacoBqnt excited much laughter, and the Woodward Brothers very clever gymnasts, a well as Edwin bOgong, a neat and graceful dancer, gained a great deal of public favour. The programme also contained a force and the "Black Pan company." Tlyo Alhambra was very well filled on Saturday even rug,' 'and' the porrprniiineo was very much appro cured by 'Mr-.- Frank Smith's numerous patrons. This evening there will be a complete change of programme, new minstrelsy first part, a fresh finnie, specialties, and farce. Mr. Cowan, will make his first appearance at the Alhambra by his popular character sketches, and Miss ' Franc!., ' Miss Riley, Miss Martin, Messrs. Ships), Fanning, and the whole or the Alhambra company will take part. On Thursday next a special pro- ßuujuuQ will be presented, it being the occasion of a complimentary Rajput rendered by Mr. Frank Smith to Mr, W. D Winner, the popular comedian. Mr. Warner, who was just recovered from a long and painful illness, will make his rorAtPUcuiunpe, and it is to be hoped he will have a (japanned halls, for ho fully depraved and, The Colt or Family gave their usual porfpruiapqp on Saturday evening Veith supposed at the New Protestant Hall, l'Ko programme, which was mucb/^ppipclatefl by a fairly large house, will be repeated at. this evening. The Awtlivliau edition of Professor Pepper's Ghost at the Masonic Hall, York- street, was not as well patronised as it gjvpuld have been on S saturday. This optical dp|u»|qji is a remark ably clever and iii.oiostijmr one, quotas it is very well done at the Masonic ïlall/tùÎTy deserves a visit. The audience on Saturday, though limited' in numbers, appeared; to thoroughly enjoy the period mance, for the incidental songs, ballads, and specialties cup, of a VEry popular character. The Strasburg Clock Model, which is on view at the Apollo. Hall, Kidman's Buildings, Market and George. rest-st. hasialtruqted a auge number of spectators, and the mechanical invention is well worth a visit. Mr. Ale and., the Australian DfoWliu, gave his open air performance at the corner of Forrest 308 Idverpqpl .treet«onS_*UTd»yi}ight,t» a large crowd of Tunis The boats gone through were of a novel character. soon taking a hobby horse with a dummy on its back, sitting on a chair, dancing the Highland fling,' walking blindfolded in baskets, carrying a boy across the wire. He also performed some very difficult feats on the trapeze suspended under the wire. All those feats were gone through with perfect mm. Blondin performs again at the same place this evening. 