Our Paris Letter. [FBOJI OUB OWN COBBESrONDEOT.] Paris, April 23. juaitebs do not appear to bo all roso wator in Alsace-Lorraine Tho Chancellor is rough on tho amputated provinoeH, Binco thoy voted solid and straight for the anti-annexionist can didates for tho Reichstag. Tho soizuro of tho French commissary, railway stationmastor, and border agent, M. Sohnaobole, on tho Gretna Green Bide of tho frontier, by two Gorman detectives, looks grave. Ut courso i'ranco will di.mand explanations, but all tho samo, ' tho deep damnation of his taking off,' will leave in any case a rankling sore bohind. The functionary was abducted, then arrested, handcuffed, and sped on to Leipsio. If lie wero one of those Alsatians who refused, or neglected, to mako his option officially to continue to bo a French citizen, he would remain necessarily a Gorman subject, and liable to fetters and warders if over ho walked into the fly's parlour. If French dc facto, but plotting against Vaterland, redress should bo diplomatically demanded from his Government. Theso Due d'Enghien surprises and Frinco Alexander kidnapping are out of dato and un civilised, Hive, perhaps, in Holy Russia. After tho broadsieling by the 'official' German Tress — though Bismarck bwears by Thor such jour nals are unknown at his Foreign OtHue — of French patience and sensitiveness, after tho resignation of Paul Dorouledo as chef of tho Patriotic League, Bismarck might feel satisfied tliat France had no intention to march to the EhinOj.much less to Berlin. Sho has philo sophically nnd praisowortliily put up with a good elcal to allow tho Chancellor to secure his majority in the United Parliament, out good things must not bo abused, and all saints have not been patient. The Opposition journals cannot be compli mented upon their exultation at the refusal ot the Great Powers to take part hi the IS 19 ex hibition. It is a bad bird that fouls Ls own nest, anil it is better to give patriotism tne pa* on politics — 'our country, right or wrong.' Perhaps it was rash to identify tho exhibition ?with the centenary of the throne-demolishing outbreak of 17S9, but once France was in for it, her own people ought to back up, not compromise, their country in the eyes of the world. Since the monarchical governments hint faults and hesitate dislikes, the French Govern ment should remain no longer squeamish, but go ?whole-hearted for the centenary fete, offer ing space to all-comers from all quarters. Tho Republic cannot let down the glorification of j 1789 and its 'immortal principles ' to bolster up emasculated invitations to some foreign courts, to lend the light of their countenance to a world's fair. If it cannot be universal, let the shew be voluntarily international. But no hocus-pocusing -with the charter on which modem rights are based and remedial progress guaranteed. It is questionable if 31. Lookroy has seriously studied socialism ; in any ease, France really stands sadly in want of a college for statesmen. There is as much necessity for this as a train ing lycerm for journalists. M. Lockroy has identified himself, and so officially, the 1SS9 exhibition, since he is its Ministerial repre sentative, with a very rowdy lot of socialists, ?whose aim is to concentrate all individual effort on the part of the working classes in the State or corporation as the only means to combat bloated capitalists. Now the latter aro also guilds. These socialists say tho workman can only exhibit his talent or genius at the 1SS9 exhibition, through a syndi cate or group ; that is, he must remain anoiivir.cus: his ability, his originality, is the piopcrty of his order, just as they assmt the State ' it is we,' as Louis XIV. main tained tho fctato ' it is I.' And the State being all — the individual nothing, it is ex pressed by groups, society, or syndicates. All this is out of season) and 'in every way heresy. One of the first acts of the revolution \ of 17S9 was to abolish close corporations and i emancipate the individual, leaving him free to I enjoy the fiuits of. his talent, whetler natural ; or acquired, in the face of the universe and in \ the full enjoyment of his imprescriptible rights. The Ministers may dabble with protection, make it difficult for foreign labour to find a home in Frnnce, but tho moment they add the colletivism of the middle ages, and tie cramp ing and crimping of individualism to their programme, the subject cannot be too seriousH comliatc'd in the interests even of Franco her self. ? Professor Kafkow is popularly accepted as an eminence grisc of Alexander III. He is the Peter the Heimit of an alliance between Russia and France. The thinking papers in France have no faith in that combination, and it would lie well were the others to imitate their sagacity. May not the irritation in Alsace bo all an arranged comedy by Bismarck to draw this very fid, end run it to earth, Tho real strength of France consists in her imitation of tho illicit nt Egyptians — sitting still. Should Bis marck decide to force a rupture between Euro pean States, he himself could not foretell what alliances would be made— and unmade also— or what direction the fiery cross might take. A conrlfcgiaticm may be suppressed, but to direct its course is tco much either for firemen or diplomatists. Jules Feiry is making frantic, efforts in Algeria to scci:ru a new political skin, in which I he can appear on re-entering France. But ho ?will never obliterate the old Tonemin spots, j The climate of Algeria is n-putcd to have a | marked (flkecy on tho imagination. Jules j Ferry illustrates this when he sounds the loud j timbrel over the piosperity of Algeria and the | pre curious nature, tho dwindling condition, of ' English (denies. If France had only, tho opportunity of extending Algerian bliss to, say, .Fgjpt and Morocco, with Tripolitania added hi ! Fiance has held Algeria half .a century. It is within 30 hours' steaming of Marseilles ; its European population is 300,000, of which less than tho moiety only aro French ; and it is rulid by a standing army of 50,000 men.- Take the Australias eiueeoO yeurs: To day 1heir population is 3,000,000. Theyteqnire I no anny to krep them attached to the mother j counliy, as when they please they can make j themselves independent, for no more George j the Thirds occupy tho throne to practice injus- i tice and obstinacy. Now Zealand escaped by a j fluke ft cm being French. The English flag I was only run up on the islands 24 hours before j the French admiral arrived to protect tho for- ] tunatc isles. What would have been tho his- j tory of that coloi.y at present had it been ? Flinch since 1S14, or even ISSuV The Gingerbread Fair continues to be in full swing. It seems to bo tho favourite rendez vous for toiirists. It will be their own fault if they ctiuuot pick out a day's amusement in that two-mile alley, devoted to all raree-shows of France, their prodigies, infant and adult, their natural anel unnatural phenomena, their clowns, and their funny men. One of tho latter, now en his hospital death-bed, laments that politics have drawn tho best talent away from the pennygaffs, 60 that professionally there, aie no moro Yorieks to set tho tablo in a roar. Jugglers and acrobats all have rushed to politics as adventurers to a gold mine. The rug-piokers havo their trade organ ; so have tho penny show and fair plays thoir theatrical Mcnilcur. It is aa essential to the craft as a stock exchange list to brokers. Tho Astronomical Congress is meeting with every official and sociul attention in tho powor of Franco to bestow. The director of the observtory, Admiral Mouehely, and his lady, gave a most pleasing Eoirce, followed by a ball, that must havo made not a few ot tho dele gates regret they were not permanently no credited. One at first blush concluded tho astronomers were most potent, grave, and reverend seignors, or a Siamese combination of Dominie Sampson and Pickwick. Thoy re sembled the first in being ' prodigiouB ' iu their desire for fun, and the second in genial kindness to explain any scientific question de manded. Tho hostess' nuielo all her invites truly at home ; no formality, all easy qniot ness and sympathetic attention, tho'outputof a true reception. May tho asti onnmers succeed in their scheme of common Action, to map 'the celestial hemispheres, to compare a whole flrma mtnt, and fix its big und little twinkling stars, whether belonging tothe morning' or evening family, for tho guidance of astronomers of the future. ,r May their telescopic nnd ? camera glasies'ljc all they can desire, aucl'thdirT&platirib-;' ' bromide plates so sensitive as (ii photo' those/ perhaps, cut-up Romeos— , ', ' ,J- .,' ..,.., Spirits that lie In the azure »ky, l ? ,— , ? . t, Where they Ipvj.but live nomorbi Clearly ,the first duty ..when an accused, is. ? wanted by the police is to 'search for him in pri- .; sou.- That is the safest of hiding places, mid is ]' protected from tho outsido curious, and ovon from tho dotcotives. Horo is Paris still a fover, touching tho incomplete discovery of tho triple murdor in the Ruo Montaigne Tho presumed accomflico of Branzini was wanted— ono Goiss ler. Ho was sought for ovorywhere, and tho sub-chief was on his way to the North Pole — ho went as far as Breslau — to track the co-accused. All the while tho missing link was in gaol for vagabondage, and was on the poimt of being returned to Germany, acquitted of doing harm to nobody, saving himself— attempted suicido in the Seine, when ho was re-arrested on tho charge- of murdor. Confronted with Prangini, neither accused hail ever the pleasure of encountering before. Geisslor left Breslau to escape military service nVont five weeks ago, with 100 francs in his pocket, a pasteboard valise, half a dozen second hand paper collars, two parchment neck ties, a few dickies, and quite a collection of undamed stockings — tho latter for exportation to 'West Africa, where the natives liko to see their toes in liberty, and their heels free to feel tho morning air, like the ghost in Hamlet. This was tho flaxen- haired Teuton's stock-in-trade, to mako his fortune in Paris. Travelling expenses and Schnapps soon exhausted his capital, an hotol kecper turnrd him out for unpaid accounts, but ki] t the valise as a souvenir. In desperation, Giifslcr nttemi-ted to drown himself in the Seine : when in the water, he changed his mind — truly at the lust moment— and swam ashore, whin the police received him with open arms. Ho was kept in preventive arrest, till tried a few days ago, and acquitted, when hu was again roused up, and charged with murdering tlirco persons. After that Odyssey of five weeks, Gmitag-Gcisslpr should henceforth travel as little as tho Vicar of 'Wakefietd. His hair when leaving home, was auburn, his friends will find it as white as snow on his re turn. However, that plan for dyeing the hair it; vmv wnvnrt1* A fhw v!ii*hi u'y./i Au.i- nnf m-i/itu The morgue has at present ;);- bodies, whoso identity cunupt be established ; 30 aro kept locked up in ice chests for possible legal in quiries, the remainder are exposed to public gaze. The deceased belong to every class of society : aro they suicides or victims ? No wonder so many heirs-at-law, though wanted, do not respond. Auticr is a servant girl, aged 3G. She camo to Paris in 1SS1. to fill a situation. Indue time she had an illegitimate baby. That, died. In 1SS4 she had another, despite her attempts at aboition. She gave it out to nurse, and then endeavoured to conceal her address so as to avoid paying the expenses of its support. Tho poiice discovered her. and she was obliged to take her infant. She did so, but decided to starve it to death ; this the accomplished by giving the infant no food save a morsel of indiarubber piping to suck. It was not want drove her to do this, but avarice, as the police discovered 4,000 francs in her trunk, saved up. Sentence, seven years' imprisonment, and confiscation of tho cash. In Russia all tends to peace because it is Easter, and nothing takes place but fraternal i mbraeings during the season of the paschal htmb. Another cause is that winter has re turned, or spring has 1)0011 evicted, so people are occupied coughing, sneezing, and clearing heads. There is also another matter en jrrossing attention; every subject quitting Russia will have to pay a tax of 22S francs a year. Now there are about St'0,000 Russians ever on the run. If the traveller be going abroad for his health or to ceniplcte his studies, such will be excepted. A similar law was decreed by the Czar Nicholas. It brought in not a sinsrlo rouble to the Trea sury : but ho had the satisfaction of knowing JCP,000 of his i-ubjects were abroad as invalids or student?. Of all the foims of government not yet t:icd in France, that of a poet's rule has been overlooked. Jules Simon relates that on tho collapse of tho second Empire Hugo's two sous TTr-rofd to urn their awful dad as ' Dictator of Fiance.' Happily the country escaped that calamity. Further, Plato excluded poets, I think, fiom his republic, and, as, lawyers say, like case like tule. 