AYRSHIRE ANECDOTE. On one occasion the minister of an Ayrshire parish, carrying out an old custom, gave it out one Sunday that he would visit Balmurary the next Tuesday, and all the' herds and others around about were to ba there at tbe appointed time to be catechised. Adam MHaffie was the herd there then, and the night before set off to the village for some bits of things to mense the house and entertain the minister and others, for there was aye a tea after the catechising was done. Among other things he bad to get there was, of course, a bottle of whisky, and when Adam was getting it who came in but Fate M'Ghie, the shoemaker, and he treated Adam to a gill, and Adam treated him, and the landlord treated them both, and they both treated the landlord, and kept it up till Adam was hardly able to stacher ont of the village; with the bot tle in his breast-pocket aod the grocer ies in the pock of his plaid. However, it was a good moonlight night, and he got on finely till just as he was coming round his own honse end he trippit over a graip that somebody had left lying, and fell breadth and length on the stanes; and as he tottered forward to fall the bottle came ont of bis pouch and went a' to smash ; and when he fell he came right down on the broken glass with his face, and cut himself most fearfully. The wife beard the scraicbs o' him and ran ont and had him carried in, and sorted np his face, making a terrible lamentation over the broken bottle, and wondering how ever Adam was going to face the min ister in the morn. When the mora came it was decided to make the min ister believa that Adam was from home, and keep him ail the time shut up in the box-bed, and this was done accord ingly; and when the people arrived and when the minister -came an evasive reply was given to his inquiries about Adam. After going over the scandal of the district, as usual, the minuter set them all np in a row and looked grave and all the people looked as solemn as if they had been set np to be shot Turning to Mrs. MHaffie, the minister said: Well, Janet, as I think yon are the oldest, and therefore .the fittest person present, Fll just begin with yon, and the first question I have to ask yon is tbis : What was it that occasioned the foil of Adam f Janet looked as if she had seen a ghost, and thinking that some one bad told the minister of her hus band's adventure, she replied: 'Deed, sir, it was the -graip, sir ! He wasti that up, sir, aither : bnt he just trippit over thegraip at the bouse en', sir. It micht hae happen't tae yersel', sir. He hadna aboon three gills in him, bnt the bottle made an unco band o' his face. Deed l ye ken everything, sir, an it's nae use tryn to hide ocht frae ye. Adam, ye may come oot o' the bed noo, the minister has heard a' boot it, though the Lord kens what Ihnmer tell farm.' Accordingly Adam opened the close-bed, -and came ont and showed faimse!f, to the amazement of tbe min ister, who could not understand the situation till Adam related the whole affair 'bp -the akinsement -of every due present, aud it soon .became a by-word, j HooRid Adam foil T , 'Ower a graip, A cordial the marvel and admiration of the world - -W OLRS'S SCBNATrS. 