Latest Telegraphic News from Blackall. Sl'iX'IAL iKLl.UUAUS. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT* Blackall, Friday afternoon. AN important case came on fur hearing at the Police Court yestcrdny, before the Mayor (K. 11. Wicker), and Mowsr*. D. Budge, H. 0. Casey, W, Ford, and R. Morri*by, J.J.P. Thomas Fitzgerald was charged, on rcmnnd. with illegally uHinp a horse, the properly <>f Peter Clark, of Jericho. Accnscd pleaded not guilty, From lite evidence it Appeared Fitzgerald drove the horse in with oilier* from Northampton Downs station on Sep tember IGih, An attempt was made to shied Fitagerald, but Clark ewore the horoc was his propei ty, and! that he had never sold him nor authorised anyone to 6cll the horse for bim. G. A. Henderson declared that be bad purchased the horse from Clark, and that lie had given prisoner nn order to receive the hor^e. Documents to this effect was pro* duced, qIko one signed " H. 0. Kcclee, per G. Henderson" to take delivery of the horse. The Bench convicted Fitzgerald, and fined htm £1 with costs of witness, or fourteen days' imprisonment, adding a statement thai Henderson's evidence was very unsatis factory. The police subsequently laid an information agaiust Henderson for perjury and arrested bim. Bail was refused. A meeting of the Marsupial Board was j held on Thursday, at which there were presentMessrs, K. O, Casey, C. Gray, and W. Ford. The Secretary stated that there wns a credit balance in the Q.N. Rank of £480. The following accounts were passed | for payment:-Vouchers on account of destruction of marsupial*, £207 ; Secretary's salary, £ti 13s. 4d ; incidentals (printing, . advertising, stationery, postage, &c.;) £3 5s.! A considerable quantity of correspondence was read, relating principally to claims for payment of vouchers; a letter was read from the Munveli Board, Augathcllu, requesting the co-operation of the Blackall Board in protesting against the nonrenewal of ihe " Marsupial I destruction Act," The Blackall Board had alieady communicated with Mr. F. 11, Murphy, M.I*.A., who replied the Government had no iuicntion of repealing the Act, and that the subsidy for the year had been voted. The returns placed on the table showel that the animals destroyed numbered 103,550 as follows 1700 kanga roos, 101,700 wallaroo;:, and 1»0 dogs. The next meeting will be held on October 17th. The usual meeting of the Kargoolnah Divisional Board was held same day. There were present:-Messrs. D. Budge (chair), W, Ford, and It. G. Casey. Mr. W. H. Campbell, who had been clccied for subdivision No. 1 rice Mr. Sliaw, made the usual declaration and took his nsat. The correspondence in* eluded a letter from Mr. J. M. Niall, stating that the well nt the cross-roads (Blackall Jericho road) was down GO feet, and was timbered for that distance ; alKo that there was enough timber an tike ground fur 120 feet. A communication was read from the Survcyor-Genernt, returning the vouchers for the survey of a new rond irotn Malvern Hills to Terriek, amounting to £277, which sum the Board will have to pay. Mr. Casey was appointed to interview the Surveyor-General upon his arrival in Brisbane, requesting the closure of the old road. It was determined to abandon the crection of a bridge to the south shore of the Barcoo River, and it was resolved that the Municipal Council be invited to offer suggestions for the construc tion of a level crossing instead. Instructions were giren the orcr>ccr to report on the new road from Barcaldine to Isisford, and to sub mit an estimate of cost of cutting a track through the scrub. £80 was passed on account of contract for sinking well on the Jericho road, the amount being made a charge to subdivision No. 1 as improvements, although the work principally benefitted tho ratepayers of No. 2 sub-division. The Chair man said the work should be made a charge upon the whole division. Mr. Campbell gave notice of motion that at the neat meet ing of the Board he would propose that £(J00 be borrowed for improving the streets of Barcaldine. I«eave of absence was granted Mr. P. J. Phillips, of Maryvale, for two months. Other accounts amounting to £67 were passed for payment, and meeting adjourned to the 3rd November. Saturday afternoon. Mr. G. A. Henderson was brought up at the Policc Court this morning and remanded; bail refused. Mr. Whitehead prosecuted for the police; Mr. Eastlake, of Barcaldine, has been retained for the defence. A pleasant ball was given in the new Town Hall last night, in order to entertain tho visitors now in town, including Messrs. 11\. C. G off age and Alfred Gibbs, of Tarn bo. About 00 were present. Monday. Messrs. W. Ford and R. J. Casey, have been elected Vice-Preside tits of the IMackall District Hospital. A successful canvass has been made for subscriptions towards a race meeting at Christmastime. Mr. Batiks collected £1G, and Mr. Lane £10. Mr. finuks' candidature for the Barcoo is generally ridiculed bcrc by both parties. Great dissatisfaction has been expressed at tho continued stoppage of the bore. The Anglican Church people are making no further efforts to obtain a clergyman, and will rent the parsonage. A CORRESPONDENT writes us enquiring if our Uadcrs ever get over the traces. We have suspicion that a joke is intended. MEDICAL intelligence from Croydon.-A surgeon writes to say that be has quite dis carded the lancet, and now opens the vein with a pickaxe. "WRAT is a foot now?" asked an acquaint ance of a reporter who was rushing for the office. "Twelve inches still,** said the scribe, as he shot out of sight WHY is it that the man who slips sixpence into the contribntion-box at Cburcb generally leans back with a £5-note look of benevo lence? " Is a voman capable of filling an olBcc ?" She in. We had one in ours the other day inquiring after some rejected mauuscript, and she filled it completely. " If you want to look for heroes in our days," says a woman writer," you must look for them in the kitchen." Fact. That's where the policemen and soldiers spend most of their time. A FA6HION paper says " Skeleton bon nets are all the rage." We expect it is the wretched husband who performs the " rage" when he is called upon to pay a small fortune for a ghost of a hat. A MAN sent five shillings in answer to an advertisement which promised for that amount to tell "Why I became a mason," and he received the reply, "Because i didn't want to be a shoemaker." TUB thoroughbred stud stallions Khedive and Rcugny, the property of Mr. J. H.O'Con nel, of Cressbrook, are dead. From what we can gather, the former was found dead in the paddock on Wednesday week, and Ueugny i was discovered lifeless in the stable on the | following Friday morning. We understand that the cause of death f» not definitely known, but is supposed to be the result of poisoning. Both horses were imported, and the loss to Mr. M'Connet wilt be a pretty severe one, and many of the horse owners of the district will be able to sincerely sympathise with him. A CURATE tickled his congregation one Sunday morning by saying, " llcro endctli the first inning*, after reading lesson No. X. After tho service the clork told him of the circumstance, to which the superior cjocu atid-"Did I ? Well, I was thinking about thut fine catch I made yesterday." A singkb in a concert hull begun to sing the song, " For goodness sake, don't say I i told you," and was promptly hit with a rotten egg by one of the audicncc. " Who threw tliatP" ho howled. "It was me," cried a voico from a back scat, " but for goodness sake, don't say I told you/' This brought down the house and tho singer re tired. LONG ago it was thought that kissing a pretty girl would cure the toothache. The old-fashioned remedy is worth trying still. 