TALK 0' THE TOWN. Koch Sty SUnfcrado, with its poisonous Flit, FUes to the Printer's Daril.— IIuarce Smitu. Tub now Parliament mot onTuosday last After tho mombors hod boon sworn in, tho oloction of Spoakar was procoodod with. By 03 to 40, Mr. J. H. Young, who was Minister for Public Instruction in tho short-livod Robortsoa Ad ministration of last year was olootod Speaker, his opponent being Mr. G. R. Dibbs. Mr. Young recoivod tho Government voto, while, nf course, tho morabor for tho Murrumbidgoo got tho support of tho Opposition. Tho majority havo undo a mistako. Tho bost man has not boon choson. Mr. Young is nu doubt a vory decent man, ordinarily intelligent, but ho hu not tho grasp or intellect of Mr. Dibbs. Tho latter may have proved a very ororbesring Ministor aud a scarcely loyal coiloaguo to a much vexed and outiroty too pationt chief. But thon ho hu qualities for tho chair, whioh Mr. Young doos not possess. No doubt, tho lattor, with tho aid of copiously swallowod aosos of Sir Krskiuo May and Brand's Rulings,— with tho holp of tho clork assistant, and an occasional consultation with tho Protnior, — may bo ablo to givo satisfaction, but something more is required. Tho Spoakor should be' ablo to roly on himsolf. Ho ought to thoroughly under stand constitutional and Parliamentary law. Ho should bo up in precedent, quick to rulo, and ready to dofond his rulings. Mr. Dibbs would have beon bottor ablo to fulfil thoso require ments than Mr. Young, whocortainly is, barring tho first Spcakor, Sir Daniel Coopor, tho smallest man yot elected to prosido over our Assombly. lie is chalks behind Sir Wigram Alloa, who was a long way below his immediate prodocossor, Arnold, or his immudiato successor, Barton, Tho voto on tho Speakership, if a party one— nnd no doubt it was to a largo oxtont— shows that tho Govornmont has baroly u working majority. A majority of thirtoon in tho first division, ooforo many of tho now mombora havo got rid of tho Premier's glamour, does not look as if the now Assembly meant to " leavo it all to Parkes. " Tho ghost of Thackeray's " Joamos " or " Chawls " has evidently coino bock to tako glimpsos of tho moon. At lonst that is tho impression which is convovod aftor reading tho " fashionablo" account of Lord Oarrlngton's visit to Parramatta. " Do la Plucho " says " Thoro is a logond that His Excolloncy paid a visit beforo, and put up nt the tVoolpack mcoy., but wo know nothing of it for cortain. tfho visitor was taken to soo tho " lions," and thou banquuttod in the Town HalL In passing tho Carrington pio must bo mantioned. It was a raisod pio, and to bo cut only by tho guost. Wlion lie romovod tho crust two canarios, woaring his colours, flow out and around tho room." Think of that, — whoro but in tho historic borough could such hoiuago to reflected royalty bo shown 1 " Joamos," howovor, has something moro to say. " Since this . Lord Oarrington his passed through the town at times, and is a protty regular attendant at Rosohill Uncus. At ono mooting, aftor an acci dent at a steoplochase, ho gave his namo towards tho local hospital. So did several othor gentle- mon, but His Excolloncy's choquo was tho first to arrive." Think of that now. Tho othor cheque, like l'»y.d subjects, gave tho pas to tho vie jre il m.t. That's only according to the otornut litnoss uf things in a town whoro it is considorud worthy of montion that Ooaohington Bob Jurvoy "has passed through tho town." Vnnilas vanitatum. So, aftor all, thoro is not much origiuolity in that vorsifiod abuse lovollud by Sir Hoary Parkos nt Mr. Barbour. " Tho Minister's dog was Barbour namod," said Sir Henry to tho Murray electors nt Moatna ; but wlulo ho took caro to inform tho good people of that bordor town thnt Milton or Drydun vas not tho author, he carefully abstained from saying that it woa a very fifth-rato pnrody of his own on VVilhatn Forator's " Minister's Poodlo" — a trifle pub lished iu tho early Gowporoan days, when Sam Gray, who used to sit for Illawarra or Kiama, was whip nnd fnctotum-gcnoral for his party. William Forator's versos, which liavo now a somewhat historic interest, woro as follow The Minister's dog w«s a poodle Orsy. And he dogged the Minister night enu dtjr ; lie ren upon emnds when he was bid, And he fetched end he carried— this poodle did. The cftuse never troubled hlra— wrong or right— The poodle was ready with bark aud bite ; He teok every Job as It came In his way : And nu job was too dirty for iioodle Gray, The ;)oodle was little, and round, and fat, And hts nose was a good one for smtllteg a rat. At a country club be wu taught rare tricks, And tutored In liberal polit'cs, For a nod or a wink he'd take the floor, And yelp and growl for a hour or more : Though death to his heerers, to him 'twas plsy— For a patriot jxmdle wu poodle Gray. A opal whlpncr In did tbe poodle make— lle'd have whipped his owo dad wheu a vote wu at stake The Minister's herds he could whip together, And master the strangers In troubled weather— \v outd rouse the slow coaches at night from their beds. Ami bring to the scratch the pumpkin beads ; And the long uar'd sort he'd start to bray, Ami Join In the chorus, would poodlo Oray. The servants alt In tbe servant's halL And the dogs may eat of the crumbs that fall ; Uutour poodle bargaln'd for koifo aud fork— r a sllci of tbe loaf, and a draw of the cork. Of Jobs there are always enough aud to spare. And the poodle comes In for the lion's share ; And the people It D through the nose that pay, For the keep of such vorleU as poodle Gray. This is somowhnt rough, it nmst bo allowed, but its conrsouoss has lost nothing by tho Parkosian transformation of Gray to Barbour Tho Sydnoy papora have shown onco again that figures can provo anything. Their lateafc foat has boon tho analysis of tho votis'g at tho conoral oloction. Tho Herald explains that Froo Trado won by six to ono, — and itaooa so by count ing all tho votes polled in the four, throo and two- inorabcr constituencies. Tho Globe% on tho othor hand, corrects this, and saya that only tho votoa polled for tho top candidate should bo takou into account. No doubt this is th« more correct inothod, for by tho othor plan, tho vote of Joncfl tho Froo Trader of East Sydnoy, oouuts four, while that of Smith, tho Protectionist of Par ramatta only counts ono. According to tho Globe,— and the figures soom incontestable— tho late elections showed tho Free Trade strength to bo 85,322, while tho Protectionist was 00,858. But when wo know that Frco Trade or Protection had about as much to do with tho contest, in nine constituencies out of ton, as tho tifth wheel of a coach, what's tho use of bothering oursoives with figures. Tho Freo Trade Bunch at Rodforn included arod-not protectionist, and ho was eloctod by a swooping majority. No doubt the heart of tho country is Froo Trade, but at tho last election, although this was tho nominal issue boforo the country, occult motives ope rated. Elso why did wo soo Protectionists fight ing for 14 thorough Froo Tradors," and Freo Tradors working like niggers for modorato Pro tectionists ? At the late elections thoro woro some curious experiences in tho matter of informal votes. In ono electorate thoro woro two names on tho bal lot-paper, and an oloctor, who was caroftilly drivon a dozon rrnlos to vote, scratched out tho two, and wroto across tho paper the quaint legend, " My Colonial." In another contest four candidates woro up, and a freo and indopondont expressed his opinion of thom by drawing his pencil through tho lot and writing on the margin, ' ' Thoy'ro only a blooming lot of hacks." 44 Blooming" wasn't tho word he usod, thoueh. WILL HONEYCOMB. 