iteeUetr. 'Short; Sharp. Shiny.' The Bay People Have lost Their dam. Dr. Ferguson obit. A resurrected dog. Simpson and Angas. King Milan at Vienna. Admiral ErsMne dead. Nearly £12,000 wasted. Mr. Coglin a bad third. A policy being hatched. All England illuminated. 'Black Gold' in Victoria. Sir Hy. Loch coming over. Ko attempt at dynamiting. The old plantation singers. umciuug wiu .usBauuuu I/ion. Mr. Cotton polled very welL Sydney wants a Rotten Row. Protection again triumphant. Royal parsimony condemned. Already over 12 inches of rain. Government policy next Tuesday. Death by drowning at Goodwood. Interest in roller- skating reviving. Disloyal manifestations in Ireland. Tanunda has had grand festivities. Copper going up. That's cheering. Skating carnival at the City Baths. ' One man sows and another reaps.' Another ghost up north — it'a a dog's. Mayor of Sydney coming to our show. Kemp and Matterson row on Monday. Jealousy the cause of Redhill tragedy. Influx last week, 234 ; departures, 19L The Chinese Commissioners have gone. Accommodation vacant for 250 visitors. Colonials' places usurped in the Abbey. Sir John Downer is to be put in a book. Prospectus of the opera season is issued. Gaudaur guarantees Beach 5,000 dollars. Electric light in the eastern annexe now. Madam Joran and her daughters coming. The Victorian lacrosse players have gone. Zimri Sellar objects to be called a donkey. Jubilee riots in DnbliUj Cork, and Belfast. Dato James Meldrum is going to leave us. ' Mr. Beddome is a remarkably fair man.' The Governor compliments Professor Ives. The jolly tars played footbaH on Saturday. Mr. if. L. Toxford, on old colonist, is dead. Great enthusiasm in the British metropolis. Only a few colonials present on jubilee day. Protection movement going ahead at home. Native weapons arrived for the Exhibition. Premier Gillies welcomed at the Exhibition. Seme fine South Australian wheat on show. Colonial barristers called to the English bar. Imperial Institute fund amounts to £300,000. Disastrous drought in the north of England. Better news from the Kimberley goldfields. Singer going to lubricate S. A. with castor oiL The Irish bishops condemn the Crimes Bill. Mr, Sellar says that money ruled election day. The Genesta has won the jubilee yacht race. The Age says Sir Htnry Loch iB coming here. Congregational jubilee lectures begin next week. Victorian visitors helping our Exhibition along. Mr. Cotton says he represents a growing cause. Lord Carrington's visit to Adelaide post poned. ' The Chinese Commissioners believe in edu cation. A magnificent ceremony in Westminster Abbey. Sir Patrick Jennings is a Doctor of Lawj of Dublin. Professor McMinnies resigning through ill healtb. Magnificent weather athomefor her Majesty's jubilee. A case of fraudulent insolvency in Mel bourne. Mr. Cohen, M.P. in the House of .Commons, is dead. Princes Albert and George have gone to Dublin. Lady Carrington has given a bonus for triplets. Mr. Sellar's persistence may one day be re warded. There is plenty of room at our hotels for visitors. Chinese Commissioners inspected the fire brigade, Carthage bringing some birds and beasts for the Zoo. Victoria will have a surplus of £200,000 for the year. Melbourne Centennial* Exhibition 'taking' at home. Gaudaur wants Beach to row him .in America, Defeated candidatesalways talk about money and beer. A clergyman has committed suicide in New Zealand. Why that delay about the analysis, Mr, Coroner? Tasmania is to have a Royal Commission on defences. A train full of Melbourne M.P.'s arrived on Tuesday. „ Honest Tom and bis colleagues are policy* batching. The Rev. Mr. Gribble has been beaten in his libel case. Forty-three more arrivals than departures last week. Immigrants are arriving in large numbers at Manitoba. Occasional hissing when the princes arrived in Dublin. Over 4,000 people attended the Exhibition yesterday. India is going to buy preserved meat from Australia. Hotel room for 800 visitors has been registered. The ship Earl of Zetland has arrived safely at Sydney. Lord Carnarvon coming to the colonies in September. On Saturday over 6,000 persons visited the Exhibition. Sir Herbert Sandford thanks our Customs authorities. English company purchased the Wirrialpa silver mine. P. & O. Company going to receive steerage passengers, Orer £100 has been collected for the points man Porter. General Wong Yung Ho doesn't believe in the poll tax. Whitton, the murderer, of the N.T., is said to be insane. ' Der vreetrade had a party; vere ish dot party now?' The Nelson lads can keep an audience enjoy ably amused. We've got an 'usher of the black rod' on our run now. Mr. Wragge's Walkerville Observatory is to be broken up. Bishop Barry will return to Sydney by way of California. Imperial Federationlsts feeding Lord Brassey in Melbourne. The Chinese appreciate our P.M.'s even handed justice, The Deutscher burst into poetry at Tanunda on jubilee day. The Australian illuminations at home were among the best. Her Majesty doesn feel any bad effects from the jubilee. - Mr, Singer wants land on which to grow castor oil plants. Surely our own Singer is not going to turn land monopolist. Wholesale forgery of signatures to petitions to the Commons. Selling goods at the Exhibition rough on local shopkeepers. Nearly £3,000 subscribed for the Queen's fund in Victoria. The Melbourne Centennial is making good headway at home. ' The much-talked- of dam at Glenelg is now a thing of the past. General Wong Yung Ho thanks Adelaideans for iheir kindnesB. Mr. Angas thanks the . electors for their gratuitous services. Twenty-five shot in a mongrel's brain ain't enough to kill him. The robbers could not recover their own plant at Largs Bay. Mr. Cotton wants to prevent corrupt practices at elections. The Sydney Centennial Celebration Bill has been read a first time. Freemasons in New South Wales consider ing an amalgamation. The South Melbourne lacrosse team won their last came easily. Bishop Sandford, of Tasmania, is coming here to see his brother. Some cf the Sydney unemployed' seem to be earning good wages. Fred Wood, the champion bicyclist, dismissed on a charge of larceny. Because Mr. Smith is Mayor of Adelaide— That's the reason why. The Minister of Education Bays he is a poor theoretical geographer. A company is being floated to work the Queensland opal mines. Germany urges Turkey to ratify— France and Russia remonstrate. Deaths in the London crowd from crushing, sunstroke, and epilepsy. Some Sydney M.P.'a don't believe in full reports of their speeches. Dr. L. L. Smith is going to move in favor of intercolonial reciprocity. Our mayor receiving congratulations re specting the Exhibition. . A revolution feared in Servia if the King abdicates. Servia right. General Wong Yung So is going to try to get the poll tax removed. John Morley's motion on the Irish Crimes Bill rejected by 61 votes, An amendment to limit the operation of the Crimes Bill has been lost. Duke of Cambridge delighted to hear of the success of our Exhibition. Thomas Chirnside, the well-known Victorian squatter, has shot himself. Who took the exact time when that deputa tion waited on Mr. Simpson ? One hundred pounds in extra prize3 at the Eight Hours Demonstration. New South Wales has already spent nearly £140,000 on the unemployed. The director of the Melbourne Zoo is pleased with the progress of our Zoo. ~ Lady Carrington has sent £3 to a mother of triplets in New South Wales. Several unworked capitalists' leases at Silverton have been cancelled. The two new British army corps comprise 60,000 men ready for the field. The address from the women of South Aus tralia handed to the Governor. Mr. Parsons has again been riding his hobby horse — the Northern Territory. Mr. Simpson says he has not infringed the provisions of the Electoral Act. A mayor and mayoress were impersonated at the Governor of Victoria's ball. Coolness and presence of mind in the points man Porter are to be rewarded. The history of the Patawalonga River is un pleasant reading for Bay people. The jury found that Dr. Ferguson died from an overdose of hydrocyanic acid. Lord Hartington does not see the way to a reunion of the Liberal party yet. The members of the City Corporation pro nounce the free dinner a success. Messrs. Kynoch & Co. offer to establish an ammunition factory in Melbourne. The Rev. J. W. Platt says Gladstone is etill England's greatest statesman. Oar Commissioner of Public Works wants to know who passed the bridge work. Sir Samuel Griffith is to be welcomed in Brisbane by a torchlight procession. No national benevolent act on the put of her Majesty though it is her jubilee. 'A true Irishman' says he would willingly kiss the ground Gladstone treads on. . Her MajeBty thanks her people for the re ception she received on Jubilee Day. Australasian Mortgage and Agency Com pany paying a dividend of 8 per cent. The Queensland Postmaster-General and our Minister of Education conferring. The New Hebrides discussion expunged from the Imperial Conference reports. Cardinal Persico is going to Ireland to enquire respecting Home Rule priests. Visitors to Adelaide should not miss the chance of seeing our Zoological Gardens. . Mr. Home-Rulerl O'Donnell is going for damages against the London Thunderer. Mr. T. F. Wicksteed is going to England as accountant in the Agent-General's office. Now Charles was a bootmaker, but he possessed a complete set of skeleton keys. His Holiness isn't satisfied with the position asumed by his Irish clergy on Home Rule, The Victorian Government analyst has got a patent for a new gold-extracting process. A brutal murder has been committed by natives at sea near Oooktown, Queensland. Rumored that the Queen is going to apply to Parliament for her expenses on Jubilee day. An ammunition maker will visit Melbourne to see about establishing a cartridge factory. Sir Samuel Griffiths complains that English papers give but little space to colonial topics. The Duke of Manchester has the greatest faith in the future of the Northern Territory. Sydney excursionists to Adelaide will be allowed to break their journey at Melbourne. The city coroner should not hesitate at in curring a little expense over a serious matter. Oar Chinese visitors have given £5 5s. each, to the Children's Hospital and Blind Asylum. Newcomb, who got money by pretending to be a solicitor, will be imprisoned for 20 months. Chief Secretary Ramsay thinks the inter colonial railway a practical kind of federation. The Rev. Mr. Platt does not fear separation as the result of granting Home Rule to Ireland. France and Russia threaten a rupture if Turkey ^ratifies the Anglo-Egyptian Conven tion. During the past five years the population of Berlin has annually increased by 48,000 souls. The town of Montezuma was destroyed by an earthquake, and 150 of the inhabitants killed. NewYorkphysicianannounce8thatdiphtheria xcay be produced in persons by distemper in horses. Sir Wilfrid Lawson wants to know the services ' rendered by recipients of jubilee honors. At Santa Lucia, near Trieste, an enormous necropolis of pre-historic times has been dis covered. The Duke of Sutherland is] reported to be about to purchase a tract of 10,000 acres in Florida, A portion of the valuables stolen at Largs some four years since found in the sand near the jetty. Does the finding of the Perth jury mean that the Rev. Mr, Gribble is a canting, lying humbug ? A woman in Ohio eats nothing but pie. She has not taBted meat, bread, or vegetables for 16 sears. The Rev. Henry Clere, vicar of Twickenham, New Zealand, 70 years of age, has hung himself to his bedpost. Ministers of religion must not make un founded statements, and Mr. Gribble has found this out. Nothing will daunt Sellar. He will now wait until South Australia is a republic, and ran for the Presidency. Graduates of Oxford and Cambridge have been congratulating Lord Hartington on bis coercive policy. Why import a cheetah? Couldn't we get the loan of one from the Labor Prison to ex hibit at the Zoo? The delegates from the Flowery Land are satisfied with the treatment then? countrymen get from our officials. Owing to a serious outbreak of swine disease in Cumberland,' 117 pigs were compulsorily slaughtered at Carlisle. The ministers of Minneapolis are about to organise a law and order league to enforce the liquor laws of the state. The wealthy colleges of Christchurch, Ox ford, refused to reduce the Welsh tithes, while a country rector did so. The village of Sil?, in the canton of Grisons, has been entirely destroyed by fire, with the exception of five houses. Mr.Ruekin's net profits from his peculiar system of publishing his own books are stated at £4,000 for the last year. A folio Shakespeare of the year 1623 was sold in London the other day for £235. It waB in the original leather binding. The German Emperor suffers from frequent drowsiness, and is apt to fall asleep whenever seated for any length of time. A village, suburban to Atlanta, Ga., and to be exclusively for colored people, has been laid ont, and is to be incorporated. New South Wales expects a net surplus of nearly a million to help liquidate the deficit at the end of the financial year. Report from Rome has it that six or seven miles of untrodden catacombs has been dis covered under the Eternal City. Jules Comely writes in the Paris Matin that the republic costs France 360,000,000 francs more yearly than the monarchy. It is stated that Mr. John Tender, the English cable monopolist and ally of Jay Gould, is to receive a baronetcy. After all the dissatisfaction and misfortune which his attended the Patawalonga, the dam has been destroyed by the water. Over 3,000 French fishermen have already arrived at St. Pierre, Newfoundland, and are actively eagaged in the cod fishery. Forty-seven New Caledonian convicts arrived in Victoria dutine the past year, but same of them left for Adelaide and Sydney. The celebrated Graham collection of pictures was sold by auction, and realised £62,297— an average of nearly £600 per picture. The Bill restricting Sunday trains on Con necticut railroads has been signed by Governor Lounsbury, and took effect on June 1. A rich gold mine is reported to have been discovered near Atlanta, Ga., a vein of ro3e quartz assaying over 1,100 dollars a ton. The Duke of Cleveland, K.G., the oldest duke in the peerage of the United Kingdom, completed his 84th year on the 19th April. The slave trade nourishes openly on the Madagascar coast. The slaves are captured in the interior of the island by French agents. - Commissioners from China think the poll tax unfair, considering that Japanese, negroes, and all other colored races are admitted free. ' While securing the interests of the revenue no unnecessary delay has been caused to the exhibitors in their desire to be ready in time.' A weBtem bound express train, Bays a New York telegram, was recently stopped in Ari zona and robbed of the mail and express pack ages. Mis. Craik, the authoress of 'John Halifax, Gentleman,' is going to write a preface to ' Hannah,' in which Sir John Downer will figure. Up to the 15th of April 201,511 persons had petitioned the House of Commons in favor of the abolition of the Sunday postal delivery. At a crowded meeting of chainmakers at Cradley Heath recently it was announced that about 5,000 men and women are now out on strike. A great fire occurred recently at Arnaut Koi, on the Bosphorus, rendering numbers of inhabitants homeless. About 800 houses were destroyed. The death is announced of Robert Burns Thomson, a grandson of Burns. Mr. Thomson was engaged in business in Glasgow, and was 70 years of age. H our mayor had been knighted on the occasion of her Majesty's jubilee the mayors of the other colonial capitals would have expected the same honor. The labor representatives are taking steps for the republication of the speech ou technical education which Mr. Gladstone delivered at Greenwich in 1874. A piece of ground on Broadway, New York, 25 feet x 100 feet, was sold the other day for 856,200 dollars, at the rate of 4,500,000 dollars i per acre. 'Number One' again! Thi3 now historic ' gentleman, who also owns the more prosaic ' name of Tynan, lectures in New York on the 5th prox. I The dry goods clerks of Chicago are going to 1 petition the Legislature of Illinois to pass a ' law forbidding the opening of business houses : on Sunday. ; News has reached Paris of the capture of Babao, an important pirate chief in Tonquin, with 50 followers, by Lieut. Ekensviller, after a violent resistance. It is probable that the Government will order the arrest of Michael Davitt, who has been inciting'the peasantry to resist the evictions at Bodvke, County ttlare. The representations to the Secretary for War against the reduction of the Royal Horse Artillery has been signed by 110 members ot the House of Commons. President McCosh declares that since he abolished secret societies at Princeton there has been. better order, less drinking, and Ie3s opposition to the faculty. By order of the Duke of Cambridge, soldiers of good character are to be relieved in future, aB far as possible, of all fatigue duties, which will be performed by defaulters. The Duke of Wellington has given instruc tions for the preservation of the remains ot the Roman city of Silchester, which forms part of the duke's Strathfieldsaye estate. Victor Hugo, his admirers may be glad to know, left a very comfortable sum behind him. The will haB ju3t been proved in London, and puts the personalty at over £92,000. A colored Baptist, named Williams, who has been holding several revival meetings at De Soto, Mo., was during a resent night taken from bed and flogged by tive masked men. The British Customs authorities are just now exercising great vigilance in regard to all vessels arriving from America and the Conti nent. Importation of dynamite is feared. It is a curious fact, not generally known, that there is no international copyright be tween Great Britain and Holland, in many respects the most book-reading public in Europe. Queen Victoria was lately challenged as to her right to a life interest in certain pieces of land held by her as Duchess of Lancaster. The title was successfully defended, but the law cotts were nearly £130. The Salvation Army soldiers in India are painting their foreheads with a red spot in the centre in imitation of the natives. Tney could earn a little extra notoriety by adopting the distinctive mark here. At the close of a lecture delivered by Mrs. Henry Fawcett, at the Peckham Liberal Club, it was resolved to form a local branch of the Women's Liberal Federation, of which Mrs. Gladstone is president. A new torpedo boat haB been built for the Spanish Government, which, for speed, it is stated, can beat any yet boilt. In a recant trial, with tide against her, the boat attained a speed of Sty miles an hour. James IN. Taggart, who for several years has been paying teller of the Union Trust Company, Philadelphia, has absconded, and an examination of the books of the company stioiv a deficit of something less than 100,000 dollars. In spite of the prices being raised daring Mme. Adelina Patti's season at the Metro politan Opera House, New York, the line of ticket buyers, when the office opened, used to look like a procession, one day's sale realising £2,400. Sixty thousand roubles, which were being sent by the St. Petersburg State Bank to its branch office in Krasnoyarsk for the mainte nance of the Siberian exiles, were stolen on the road by Nihilists, between Tomsk and Krasnoyarsk. The total area of glebe land in England and Wales amounts to C59.54S acres, of which 67,818 acres are in the diocese of Lincoln, and 76,632 acres in the diocese of Peterborough. The total gross estimated rental of glebe is set down at £908,281. One of the correspondents of a druggists' trade paper asserts that ' the taste for strong drink is a mild, innocuous, feeble inclination, compared with the raging mania for ' taking medicine' when once it gains a perniciously active hold upon a man.' The sentence of three yeara' imprisonment with hard labor, passed by court-martial upon Baron Schleinitz, an ex-captain in the German army, for treasonable practices, has now been confirmed by the Emperor George Bernard Drew, solicitor, and Charles Arthur Slader, solicitor, both of the City of London, have been struck off the rolls, both having previously been convicted and sentenced to long terms of penal servitude for embezzle ment and forgery respectively. M. Molchanoff, a Russian, reported to be the wealthiest tea merchant in the world, is suffering from partial blindness, the result, curiously enough, of continuous tasting of different samples of the tea-plant; He has arrived in Paris with the object of consulting an experienced oculist. A terrible and fatal fall occurred at Ponty pridd. A traveller named Charles Cameron, in making his way home across the hill tops, missed his footing on a precipitous ridge, and fell headlong over 60 feet of rock. He was found by his wife and family with his head nearly severed from his body. A Philadelphia physician says that a great deal of what passes for heart disease is only mild dyspepsia ; that nervousness is commonly bad temper, and that two-thirds of the so called malaria is nothing but laziness. Pro bably he doesn't tell his patients so, bat there is no doubt a good deal of truth in what he says. A very curious sight was presented to the public in New York on the day that the box office opened at the Metropolitan Opera-house for the sale of single seats for the Adelina Patti season. The line of purchasers extended from Broadway down Fortieth -street as far as Seventh-avenue. One day's sale of tickets amounting to 13,500 dollars. The glaziers of Paris have petitioned the Prefect of Police to adopt measures to protect them against the competition of foreigners. It appears that of 6,700 glaziers who go in Paris from house to house, 4,700 are Italians, 1,100 Swiss, 400 of various nationalities, and only 600 are French. The natives say the other glaziers work for absurdly small profits, and they wish to have them excluded. An incident has occurred in Berlin which caused some surprise, In one of the principal shops in the Rue de Leipzig a large statue of the Emperor was exposed, About midday on the birthday of the Emperor a horse that was passing cast its shoe. The shoe went through the window of the shop and fell at the feet of the statue. The inhabitants of Berlin have rejoiced that the emblem of good luck was cast at the feet of the Emperor. The Queen's jubilee was celebrated in Philadelphia. By order of the Sons of St. George— a society of Englishmen having nearly 27,000 members— the 23 Philadelphia lodges united in an entertainment given at the Academy of Music, great numbers attending. A grand ball followed. The societies of the Sons of St. George in Philadelphia, New York, and elsewhere throughout tbe country commemorated the jubilee by giving banquets. An extraordinary scene has occurred 'at Omagh. The excise authorities seized a cow of a farmer named Cunningham, and 14 bottles of whisky of a publican named Done gan, who refused to pay income tax. A large crowd collected at the Court- house, where the auction took place. After protest by the two men concerned long and disorderly scenes occurred. After considerable difficulty the seieures were finally disposed of, amid great coDfusion. The meat supply of London is about to enter upon a new phase. A combination of capitalists has been formed to purchase large herds of beasts in the United States (80,000 bead having already been secured), and to ship them living to Barrow- in- Furness, where large dock accom modation easts for their reception and slaughter. It is assumed that even if the prices increased 33 per cent, the capitalists could de liver and sell retail in the London market at 4d. to 4^d. per lb. The death is announced, in a lirtle Bavarian village, of a Russian peasant who, it is said, drove the sledge in which the first Napoleon travelled from Moscow to the German frontier after the disastrous campaign in Rusaia. The peasant was 98 years old, and had treasured up as a souvenir of the memorable event in whicd be had played so useful a part several pieces of money which had been given to him by the Em peror in return for his services. Here is an opportunity for a poet. An interesting relic has been unearthed in the course of excavations preparatory to the erection of a new bank at Canterbury. It consists of a, Roman terra cotta image, about 6 inches m height, and in a good Btate of pre servation, although declared to be at least 1,500 j ears old. The figure is that of a female holding a chila on either arm, and represents the Goddess of Matrimony. It has been Eecured by the sheriff of Canterbury for pre Eentation to the local museum. The weekly returnof metropolitanpauperism ehows that the total number of paupirs re lieved in the fourth week in March was 103,815, of whom 58,632 were indoor and 45 183 out door paupers. The total number relieved shows a decrease of 245 compared with the cor responding week of last year, an increase of 7,936 1 over 1884, and 10,467 over 1883. The total number of vagrants relieved on the last day of the week was 579, of whom 461 were men, 98 women, and 70 children under 16. -&? gentleman who was crossing the English Channel, and was half seas over, that is, midway between Dover and Boulogne, says he went below to make the personal acquaintance of the steward for reasons that need not be ex plained, when, on entering the cabin, he saw, to his surprise, a gentleman in a reclining posi tion whose whole chest (poitrine) was illu minated. Nearing the individual and quite forgetting the steward, he saw the neweat thing out, namely, a portable electric light, which was hung round the neck and shoulders. The machine was compact and portable, and enabled the wearer to read in any position. It is not, he believes, a costly thing, and is there fore likely to become patronised by railway and steamboat travellers. 