Dedclation -of the New R.C. Church, Euroa. The opening of the above building marks an important event in the history of the Shire of Euroa, and not the least pleasur able of the many associations connected with the consummation of the sacred edifice which was solemnly dedicated on Sunday last is the unanimity with which all creeds and denominationtio s have assisted in the good work. Over twenty years ago the small building, which is now dwarfed into insignificance by its more modern compeer, proved amply sufficient for the limited congregation, but the flight of time has witnessed the gradual growth of the flock, until at the present time its ex tent. ard influence are fittingly symbolised by the two buildings which now occupy the church grounds ; and, presuning the same ratio of progression to dominate the future, another two decades should witness tihe erection of a third building in which the dimensions of the present two will find embracement and amplitication. That the building of 1886, designed by those popular architects, Messrs Tappin,Gilbert, and Dennehy. is far from being a discredit to the town will be seen from the subjoined description. The total cost has been little short of £2000. the bulk of which has been raised by the persevering efforts of the Rev. J. P. Caro lan and his parishioners, there being an immnediate deficit of about £600, which, however, will be materially reduced dur ing tihe coming six months. The church is a fine brick structure in the gothic style of architecture, and comprises, n:lve, chan eel, sacristy, and porch. The entire length of the building is 90 feet. and the width 30 feet, with a total height 5of 40 feet from ground to ridge of roof. The external dressings are of cement, and the roof is covered with the best Bangor slates, and has seven gothic ventilators in each side. All the windows have rich tinted cathedral glass in lead lights, and those of the nave are fitted with hopper ventila tors to open and shut. The arrange ments for ventilation and egress are ac cording to the latest and strictest require ments of the Central Board of Health. All the doors and windows are grained in wvith-rich oak,and the ceiling is subdivided into 'panels, lined diagonally with hand some principals, grained, and springing fromr bold corbels, finished in Keen's cement. The plaster work is a feature in tihe internal finishing, all the door and window openings being tinished with richly moulded hoods, stopped in bosses. The church arch is beautifully finished with handsome mouldings and quoins in Keen's cement. The church has been designed by and carried out under the supervision of Messrs Tappin, Gilbert, and Dennehy, of Melbourne, and it adds another to the very handsome and unique lot of new buildings. which ornament the townshlip. Mr Maurice Garrett is to be complinmented in the efficient mannerin which he discharged the onerous duties of clerk of works. Mr Laurence Hanlon, of :Benalla, was the builder, and has carried out his work faithfully and well. MORNING SEIRVICE. At the hour of 11 o'clock on Sunday -morning, the spaciotisclhurch was crowded tin the doors, when consecration services e.ere conducted by his lordship the r Rilght Re, Dr. Revillo; Coadjutor Bis Ship 'of. Sandhiurst, assisted by the Very SRev. Prior. Butler, S.J., of Port Mel e lbourne, and the. Rev. J.' P. Carolan. The e ceremony of consecration was a most iem r posing and impressive one, at the con gclusion of which Mass was offered up by t the Rev. Father Carolan. The choir of St. Joseph's Church, Benalla,ewas present, s and rendered the musical portion of the e service in very able manner, including S3IMozart's' " Kyrie Eleison, " Webb's C" Credo, " Mozart's " Sanctus, " and d Weber's " Agnus Dei." A solo, "O Salu r taris" was sustained by Mr J. B. O'Hal e loran, Miss Hanlon being the leadilng soprano vocalist, and Miss Ada Hanlon 'contralto, while Mr Lease ably presided e 'at the organ. -Tlhe sermon, preached b1y I the Very Rev. Prior Butler, ivas foundedl s upon the words of St. Peter, on the Meount 1\. of Transfigiuration-" Let us build three ,r temples." During its delivery, the elo quence of the preacher enforced the rapt g attention of everyone within the building. Speaking of the evangelisation mission of the Saviour, the Prior dwelt upon the fact n that all the actions of Jesus were intlu et enced by reasons not only for the inmne 4 diate time but also for the future. Tihe Saviour's cheek was never blanched by coward fear at the thought of His passion and death, but the great atonement for a sinful man was ever present in His mind.: u Punishment inevitably followed sin, and h while we recognise that God is Justice, as ewe say He is Love, we must know that e He is Eternal Justice. Tle power of God would be abrogated if sin had not always been met by even-handed punishment. Jesus, therefore, came as tihe great Medi ator. As man had offended, a God should make attonement. Even in the closed womb of his virgin mother down to the great expiatiou on the cross, His work was ever before Him. He walked through life witnin the dark shadow of the grave. He drew around Him apostles who were destined to witness the degradation of their Master, but who should live to teach after Him. Therefore it was necessary hat they should have a perfect trust realise the immensity of their mission. This was tihe secret of thie mystery of Mount HIermon. Tihe Gospel they wvere to preach was not a dead manl's Gospel, but that of a resurrected Chlrist, the son of the eternal Father. Unlessaman were fully conscious of Isis belief he could never instil it into othlers; hIence it was neces sary to fix tlheir conviction firm at s tihe rock of ages. Witniesselis of His glory, lwhat wonder that Peter, in the ecstasy of his joy, looking at his transtigured leader, cried out--"If thou wrilt, let us build three tabernacles." Alas! for Peter! That glory was but "s a show. He was not to dwell on tile mount of glory, but to follow to the mount of shaelne and suffer ing, but firmnly convinced tlrat his great Master would at length dissipate the gilomu ined shiun.forthl il the lilght of glory. Everyone his to comee from thie mnOllet Ias did:tile apostles, and go tihrleghl suffering through whIlich the only safe guide wras the eye of unswerving faith. It was in ceeso -cnance with religion and all feelings ic thi hIuman" breast tlhat certsin spots should be consecrated to God,.where the cares of the world miglht be dropled and weary hearts find rest acd peace. The building of the church- was a vindication of their faith, and a tribute of grateful hearts, standing as a speaking though silent witness to the spread of .Christendomn . Within those walls they wouldl never hear a jarring note, or one out of hiarmony; no jarring notes of politics; but all might learn tihe gentle lesson of humility, of taking up the cross, and following their glorious leader. They would receive His passion and blood in the holy sacrmnent. The dispensers of thie mysteries would bestow tihe salve to wounded affliction. They could breathle into their pastor's ear their sins, sorrows, and pains, and in tie tribunal of penance they would have the oil and wine of tihe SSamaritan poured into their wounds. In that lhuible church a clean oblation would be offered. The building was not merely a place for the congregation to assemble \- and pray, but to hold within the God of SGlory as a prisoner of love. In conclusion, \- the. preacher paid a high tribute to the Smembers of other denominations who had \- so nobly assisted in the erection of the \- church. On behalf of the Bishop of the SCatholic Church hie heartily thanked those Swho were not of the fold, and was proud to think that most of the money had been Sraised by them. If he might be permitted, he would earnestly pray that their mo 1 ments of quiet and self-scrutiny mighlt be Sspent in a search that would lead them to a Christ's altar, and trusted that the har \- mony at present existing would never be Sdisturbed by the brand of discord. Al though many of those present worshipped at different altars, the same God was honored. They might love and' honor I each other, uniting in the common com mand-" Love to God and neighbour." The collection was here taken up, and I amounted to £57. The Rev. J. P. Carolan then presented to the Bishop, on behalf of the congrega tion in the Euroa district, a handsomely engrossed address, which read as fol lows : " The Right Stephen Reville, D.D.O.S.A.. Iishop of Ceram, Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst May it please Your Lordship, It is needless on our part to tell you that we are much rejoiced at your visit and your presence amongst us to-day. We would in deed le very untrue to the examples and traditions of the past with its strong and un broken Unity between all the faithful memn bers if we.did not tender to you as Bishop a sincere and hearty welcome. We beg there fore to assure Your Lordship of our zealous and ardent attachment to the Church and her teachings, and to you as one of our chief pastors in this Diocese of Sandhurst. As an evidence of that zeal and that attachment and of our strong desire to further the cause and the interests of the Church in our midst, we with a little pride, which may be par doned, direct Your Lordship's attention to this handsome structure erected herd to the honor and glory of God. Thiouch few in number and not very much blessed with worldly riches, we put forth strong and wil ling exertions, knowing we were about to engage in a holy cause and trusting that God would strengthen our weakness. \Ve have the happiness to assure Lordship that we have succeeded beyond our most s;aguine expectations, and that in this coed work we have had not only the kind feeling, but the cencrous and substantial aid of all classes and creeds, which we cannot forget and for whic we tendelcr them our most grateful thanks. We beg to thank Your Lordship for comins here to-day to bless our labors and to sanctify by the church's ceremonial this beautiful building, in which the most sacred rites of religion will be henceforward performed. Wishing Your Lordship many years of health and strength in the perform ance of your many and laborious duties, and humbly asking your blessing, we, on the part of the people, subscribe ourselves, Your most dutiful and obedient members MsICHIAEL ilcKENNA, J.P. P. F. MICLusceY JOHN REYNOLDS lICHnAEL NOLAN JOHN CUSACK, JUNs. PHILIP IEN5NEDY PArTImCI? CROS?r CnIIALEs EASTWOOD.' His Lordship, in reply, sincerely thanked the donors of the address for the kind sentiments expressed. It was alwa-ys a pleasure for a Catholic Bishop to see his people engaged in a good work. Euroa had done great things since his last visit, and their church was at once a credit to the congregation and an ornament to the town. It was an additional proof that the ancient faith was still possessed of youthful vigor, and could adapt. itself to the requirements of every country. The church was erected and devoted to a noble end. It was God's house, and all who entered left the world and its cares behind. He e:artily thanked the brethren of other denominations who had exhibited such spont~cteous charity and generosity, and would promise them a rich blessing-they would not fail to receive a great reward. The. building of that church proved the progress of religion, and he trusted a long time would not elapse before the old church should be converted into a school, wherein the young members of the church might be brought up as godly and god- fearing mien. A heavy responsibility devolved upon parents in this respect. They were bound to watch over their children, and keep them from bad conm pany and pernicious books. He congratu lated the Euroa church on its vitality, and expressed the earnest wish that God's blessing might rest upon all. EVENING SERVICE. At Vespers the church was again crowded. The choir rendered the ves parial chants in an excellent manner, the I harmony being of a mIost p!easing descrip 1 tion. Prior Butler founded an eloquent r discourse on the words--" One God, one I faith, one baptism, one God and Father." t Oneness and unity, said the preacher, were the sign-manuals of the the Deity's work. From the heavenly bodies, through the animal and vegetable world, one irre sistible cor,clusion was to be drawn, F namely, that all the varied phenomena ex ihibited irrefutable characteristics of design and unity of plan and purpose. When ever God worked, the impress of the divine hand was clear and dis tinct. The most feeble mind could dis tinuisah between Nature and God. A blade of grass or al insect could never be mistaken for the work of man. What was 1 Nature? A poet had replied-" Nature is but an effect whose cause is God." As Swe ascended in the order of creation the I more perfectly was law and unity de l veloped. Diversity existed everywhere. yet harmony comnprehended the whole range of obj active surroundings, and when I we turn from Nature to the realm of cmind I we find the same fixity of plan and opera tion oxisting. What were recognised by tithe mind as truths were incontrovertible, r unchangeable, and unchallengeable. MLa thematics, a pure science, demonstrated certain facts which were absolute truths, F and therdFere fixed and immutable. No Scontradiction could possibly exist between truth; truth was one-that which is, and w- as, and to be. When Moses, before the burning bush, asked--" Whom shall I say sent me ?"1 he received an answer the only perfect dlefinition of God,-" I am whom I amc," in other words I am Truth the one who exists. Tihe Saviour of the world came to drcaw the lhearts of men by love, to teach ctruth. His great desire was thie firm estallishment of these truths and this was the legacy and mcission be stowed uponc the apostles. AIaun hadl two mcethods of arriving: at truthl. First, by Reason, whlichl poioted unmistakccbly to the existence of a supreme being, and said there must be an infinite power behind Nature. It recognised one grancd idea of creation, one principle, whichi could never contradict itself. Christ's muission was to dissipate darkness from men's minds, who, thlrough passion, prejudice, and evil in fluence, had wandered into the gloom. Christ was to shine, and become a beacon light of T''ruth. The apostles received thie Ho!y lGhost at Pentecost, and their commaccnd was--" Go forth; teach all nations ! Were they to teachc error ? A thing that would be true to-day and false to-mcorrow ? No! God's impress was truth, and there could be no antagonism in the message as delivered by the apostles under thie guidance of tihe Holy Spirit. They were to fulhil the divine plan of sal vation, to win manc's affections by truth and the applications of the merits of Christ. They could not possibly hlave been sent to teach a contradictory doe trine. They lhad something whichi they knew, and that sonmething must hlave been truth. In this, the nineteenthl century, a great deal was said about progress and en lighltenment. It was argued that with the advance of science and educ?tion our creeds must be altered to uit the times. Now, supposing the contention was true that owing to tihe progress of physical scieece (or anytlhiug else) present truth was in contradiction to that of the past, the inference was inCevitable that error had blinded men's mninds at some period. But the divine truths of the present day were those of the east. God could not be the authlor of contradiction. If Hie gave to His apostles the charge of the world, there must have been a oneness in their teachings, and He had further promised thlat " the gates of hell should not prevail against it." This unity of belief should exist in all Christians believing the posi tive faithl. As Christ came to establish the nobility of manu, He had established one faith, and one only. It was often urged, in those days, that there are com mon grounds whereon all sectaries may meet, but the results of that belief were not consistent with common sense or honorable to God. If one man believed there were seven sacraments necessary to salvation, and another only three; and a third none at all, they could not possibly all be right.: The cry now-a-days was raised in some quarters-away with dogma ! What was dogma ? It was merely truth defined. They could not do away with dogma. Truth was truth, eternal, immutable, and religion was the sub mission of the mind of God, who must be worshipped in spirit-by the subjection of the intellect to its Maker. All minds must be concontred or focussed in one faith. If God constituted the heavens and earth on a scale of order, so had the plan of salvation been laid- there must be unity. If there were differences exist ing, it was indubitable evidence of error and falsehood. which were not of God. Unity of belief--that eternal bond--must make christians firm in truth, as was Peter, the rock, the pillar, the ground of truth. There was but one church in the wide world which had ever maintained its course unchanged by the lapse of time and change of seasons. Every other church claimed the right to err, and therefore was not founded on truth, but the Catholic church said : I am unchange able; always the samue. It had ever stood fixed as the stars and sun. From Peter's chair down to the humblest Catholic, all were one. The principle of error and contradiction existed in all other deno minations, but for the Catholic Church the past contained one glorious unbroken record, to. which the present was indis solubly linked-the whole superstructure being built on Peter, the Rock. If he came to the conclusion that the claims of any other denomination were true, he would at once cmase to believe. But such could not be. For 2000 years the Catholic Church ha1d ,arclhed steadily onward, un disturbeld b the changes; the declensions of othe'i- sects. The burden of their prayers should be that all should be made one flock, obedient to thie voice and teaching of the Great Shepherd. The offertory at the door amounted to £18. 