Clje Hapuntta 3^eralU. TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1887. THE IMPERIAL CONFERENCE. The last English mail brought papers containing reports of the open ing meetings of the Imperial Confer ence. The speeches of the delegates are necessarily condensed, in the reports, as the. speakers were many and Parliament was sitting at the time, but - enough is before us to give an idea of the tone in which the dif ferent colonial representatives pitched their remarks. The delegates spoke in the order of seniority of their colonies, and the Hon. Bobert Thor burn led off as the representative of Newfoundland, the oldest of the colonies. The Hon. Mr. Thorburn did not forget the merits of his own country in acknowledging Imperial condescension, and he was followed by Sir Alexander Campbell, the spokes man of Canada, in a strain a little more suggestive of a sense of obliga tion for the motherly recognition of her children by England. Next on behalf of New South Wales, spoke Sir Patrick Jennings, in a speech made up of the courtesies appropriate to the occasion, and references to Imperial federation and colonial defences, and he was followed by Mr. J. S. Dodds, ex-Attorney-General for Tasmania, who said that it would be well if England had a better understanding of the conditions of colonial life, a more accurate knowledge of the colo nists, and a better appreciation of the sentiments and national aspirations which sprang from independent forms of government and rapidly developed and growing communities. Mr. Thomas Upington, who left the Irish bar not very many years ago and soon ran ahead at the Cape, expressed his belief that Sir Henry Holland was a worthy successor to Mr. Stanhope, late Secretary of State for the Colonies, and.he was followed by Mr., now Sir, J. "W. Downer, the representative of South Australia. It was just as well that Sir John did not express his feel ings in the language of enthusiasm and rhetoric, for, if the product of his j deliberate thought was so fulsome in its humiliating flattery, his lan guage must have outtoadied toady, ism under the inspiration of the moment. Sir, then Mr., John was veiT lojiog and exceedingly grateful to Her Majesty, and his speech reminds us that gratitude is not always retro spective, but has been described as a lively sense of favors to come. Sir P. Dillon Bell, who came next, hoped for great things from the Conference in the way of smoothing vanities and jealousies. Mr. Alfred Deakin for Victoria, began with the hackneved courtesies, and then plainly indicated that his mission to England was for another purpose than to acknowledge the condescension of those who sum moned the delegates to Imperial Councils, and to fall in with cut-and dried proposals. He suggested that the Colonial Office might sometimes display a deeper sense of the import, ance of some colonial subjects. " He knew the difficulty of communicating the wishes of many thousands of people thousands of miles distant even to the Colonial Office, which was specially charged with their interests ; and he would be the; last to blame the officials for evading a difficult question when possible; but even when the natural inertia "of The (Government department had been overcome all was not achieved, for behind the Colonial Office was the Foreign Office, and behind that again was that mysterious entity, the Cabinet, which was walled ? good intentions un fulfilled." Sir Samuel Griffiths, the Queensland delegate, brought the colonial speeches to an end by expres ; sing a hope that the Conference would j lead to a satisfactory solution of. the j New Guinea question. Lord Salisbury, who made the first speech at the Conference, evidently does not believe that the time for taking ^ Imperial federation into con sideration will arrive for many years to come. He describes the hopes in that direction as great but sentimental aspirations. " They are hazy enough, doubtful enough, now, but they are the nebulous matter that in the course of ages, in the course of much less than ages, will cool down and condense into a material from which very prac tical and businesslike results may very likely come." This is nearly as much as to say that Imperial federation is out of the question altogether. In another generation the colonies will get tired Of the control of the Colonial Office, and it is not likely that with a population three or four times their present proportions thev will consent to be under the leading strings of Englandany longer. From 1837 to 1885 the trade of Austra lasia increased from £2,800,000 to £115,500,000, and during the same period the trade of the British colonies in Africa, America, and Australasia has multiplied eTeven titnes over. The population of these British colonies in 1837 was 4,204,700, and is now about 16,000,000. If even half that rate of increase be kept up for the next fifty years the colonies will beyond a doubt feel that they,are of age, and that the time has come for them to go their own ways. It is a pity that the colo nies and England could not, without inconvenience, test the absurdity of Imperial^ federation by actual experi ence of it. The Australian colonies, notwithstanding all the hollow talk that was indulged in at the opening of the Conference, would not be inclined to subordinate their policy iu the Pacific; if they considered it of any importance, to Imperial exigencies, nor would they care to have their friendly relations • with the United States broken by squabbles over the Canadian fisheries. The movement for Imperial federation excites no popular enthusiasm in the colonies, and those who keep it going in Eng land have not hitherto shown what advantages federation would bring to the colonies that would not, and with out any cost, be incidental to operation. Our manifest destiny is towards peace with the world, and were it not for our liability as colonies to be drawn into European quarrels in which we can have no interest, that is not senti mental, we might dismantle all our forts, disaband our volunteers, and sell our little navy. Colonial defences were the burden of Sir Henry Hol land's address to the delegates, but there is nothing in his speech to show that except as colonies would ever re quire defences; " TheJl)ohd of national affectionwiEprbve^sti-onlfefthanany artificial ties. Had the United States remained another half-century connec ted with the .mother country their progress would most likely have been much slower. Separation freed the States from many embarrassments and gave free scope for the develop ment in action of the peculiar tenden cies and modes of thought that come with changed associations. We will in all probability pass through a course of evolution similar to that of the United States in all respects except in being pacific, and that the issue will be endorsed by all concerned. Fbeeunq- Recbeation Gbohnjx —. The following proclamation appears in the Gazette of last week—" By virtue of the provisions of • The District Councils Act, 1876/ the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, do hereby proclaim, order, and direct that the recreation reserve described in the schedule referred to, from the date hereof, 1 and until it is. expedient to resume the same, ; shall be placed under the care, control, and management of the District Councilof Nur iootpas * Schedule Beferred to. Eecreation j Beserve, Township of Freeling.—Comprising the -whole of the allotments 81, 91, 94, in, 114) and 131, township of Freeling, Hundred of Nuriootpa, bounded on the north by allot ment 67; on the east by the western side of road west of allotments 82, 93, and 132; on the south by the northern side of Coulls 8treet; and on the west by the eastern side of Cherry-street.5" Customs Receipts.—The amount received by the Customs authorities during the month of April was £36^454 Is. 9d. Staple Pboduce.—The value of tbe staple produce exported for the month of April was £148,955. This included gold to the value of £10,070, wheat £16,544, flour £50,776, copper ore £7,120, copper £5,934, wool £13,583. The Weather.—The seasonable weather chronicled in our last issue continues, light showers alternating with sunshine. The rain gauge at the local observatory showed the rainfall on Saturday and Sunday to have been exactly half an inch. Drunk and Disorderly.—A man named Richard Bray, a laborer, was charged before Mr. R. Cameron, J.P., on Friday, with being drunk and disorderly in a public place on the previous evening. He was fined £1 or 14 days' imprison ment Accident. — Mr. Win. Brook, of near Dutton Town, met with an accident on Friday last. Whilst seed-sowiug one of the wheels of the cart went into a rut and jolted Mr. i Brook out, and on examination it was found that one of his ribs were broken. Dr. Pent land attended to the injury. The Escaped Nun.—It Appears that after all Miss O'Gorman is going to pass us by, and will not lecture here. ■ We understand th® clergyman who was communicated with to make the preparatory arrangements declined to do so, on the grounds that it was inadvis able to lay the road open for religious dissension. Taxation. — Saturday was the last day allowed for the voluntary payment of the land and income taxes for 1886. On that day 105 taxpayers paid £300 at the Elapunda Post office, nearly the whole of which was for land tax. Some payments were made prior to this date, and many send their taxes direct to the Comm.ssioner's office in Adelaide. Dr. Pentlanb, J.P.—We understand Dr. Pentland, who has been one of the resident medical practitioners in Xapunda for some years past, is removing from Kapunda to assume Dr. Patten's practice at Jamestown, who is ill and is returning to England. Dr. Pentland has made many friends here by his gentlemanly and courteous bearing and by the success which has followed hitn]in the prac tice of his profession. His departure will be generally regretted. He leaves for his new sphere to-morrow. The Unemployed at Wobk.—On Friday morning on commencing the clearing for the new plantation at the Waterworks reserve, it was found that thirty-eight of the forty men who accepted work on the terms offered by the Conservator of Forests turned up. Two others were chosen to fill the places of the absentees from a number who had assembled in the hope of engagement in the event of some of the lucky forty not being in their places at the time of starting. Owing to the number of hands it is reckoned that the work will be exhausted sooner than was anticipated. Kapunda Benevolent Society. — The usual fortnightly meeting of this Society was held in the Institute on Friday, May 13 There was a fair attendance of members. Cash in hand £3 8s. Id., donations handed in at meeting £1 15s. 6d. Relief in clothing and groceries was given to several applicants and blankets were sent in two cases. Funds will be urgently required this, winter. The Secretary reported that Miss Gmeiner had kindly consented to repeat part of the chil dren's concert in aid of the funds on Friday evening next, and?several ladies and gentlemen having promised to assist there is an excellent programme. Particulars appear in our advertising columns. Evangelistic Mission.—The Rev. D. O'Donnell commenced a series of evangelistic services in the Wesley an Church on Sunday last, when he preached eloquent and earnest addresses to large congregations. In spite of the inclement state of the weather at the evening service the building was well filled. The sermon was specially directed to professing Christians, pointing out their responsibilities and urging on them consistency and a desire to live up to the example set by their Saviour. An after meeting was held at the close of tbe service at which, prayer was offered up for the success of the mission, which will be continued throughout the present week. Ser. vice will be held every evening, and the co operation of members of other churches is invited. The Yanyabbie Ghost.—Mr. C. Hamdorf writes to the P.A. Dispatch from Quorn under date May 9, as fallows :—Your correspondent who writes you about M.-C. Shegog having caught the lifctle girl's hand and foot rapping on the box, and seeing me and the boys through the.window of uly house at Boolcunda Creek working strings to create rapping, is nothing but a lot of boosh, and must have been written to make me look a fool. What a fool I would be to get up a hoax, and is it likely I would encourage a thing that would frighten my wife from living in the house ? She being so afraid of the rapping I have had to move. The little girl says Shegog was never near her. Let any sceptic come, again and watch for himself; the rapping follows the child. I am not bo stupid as to believe in ghosts or spirits, still the rapping is to be heard, and I cannot account for it, but would j be glad if some one could, as the mystery has driven me from my home, and is no laughing . matter to me. Theatre Royal, Adelaide. — Messrs. Williamson, Garner, & Musgrove's Royal Dramatic Company from the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, are now playing a most successful season at the Theatre Royal, Ade laide, the great draw being Sim's & Petitt's modern drama in five acts entitled " Harbour Lights," of which the Register says " Nothing equalling it has as yet appeared on the stage of the Royal." In spite of wet and mud we are assured by the management that since the production of " Harbour Lights " the houses which have assembled to witness it have been the biggest ever known in Adelaide, but as the season will only last six weeks, and having several novelties to produce, " Harbour Lights" cannot be played after May 20. The management have arranged with the railway authorities to issue excursion tickets from Kapunda and all the way stations to Adelaide on Thursday next, May 19, and a special train will convey visitors hack to their homes the same night after the play is over, the train leaving Adelaide at 11.30 p.m. Particulars as to fares will be found in the advertisement appearing elsewhere, to which the reader is referred for further information. The chance of seeing a first rate Bcenio drama under the conditions named affords an opportunity which will doubtless be readily availed of. Kapukda Hospitai.—The Secretary re ports as follows for the -week ended May 14: — Admitted, 1 ; discharged, 3 ; died, 0 ; remaining in Hospital, 10. UnDE3iBABiiE Immioban'ts.—It would ap pear that the swindlers and others of that ilk attracted to the colony by the hope o£ a harvest at Exhibition time do not confine their j sphere of operations to Adelaide and its im- 1 mediate locality. We hare heard of the movements of strange looking individuals in our own neighborhood, but a case is reported which proves the necessity of residents being on the alert against deception and robbery. Two well dressed young men called at the Christ Church parsonage on Friday, and in the 3Jev. W. Witcombe's absence at the Synod meetings in Adelaide, represented that they called by his direction for some money which was due to a Sydney firm for which they were travelling. The tale they told to the house keeper was to this effect: The Rev. W. Wit combe on leaving Sydney had forgotten to settle for a suit of clothes, and meeting the rev. gentleman in Adelaide he had instructed them when in Kapunda to call at the parson ago and direct the housekeeper to produce his oash box (of which he gave them the key), in which, he said, they would find £10, with which they could pay themselves. They pro duced a key resembling the key of the cash box, but when the housekeeper said she had the original one, the two worthies said, " Then Mr. Whitcombe must have given us a duplicate key." They then sought admittance to the house by pleading fatigue, stating that they had travelled a loDg distance and required rest. The story was too transparent] and they were asked to call again at a stated time. In the meantime the police were com municated with and were concealed on the premises at the time when the sharpers were expected, but they, perhaps " smelling a. rat,'' did not come. The impostors are described as smart looking and well-dressed, and the police are on the look out for persons answering to this description. Mesmerism: and CiiAievotance.—Mr. A. W. Dobbie delivered his popular lecture on the above subject in the Congregational Church on last Friday evening in the presence of a crowded audience, many not being able to gain admittance. The Eev. J. W. Piatt occupied the chair. Some months ago Mr. Dobbie gave this lecture in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall here, and we then published a resume of his remarks. On this occasion he went briefly into the antiquity of mesmerism, and substantiated what he alleged by quota tions from reliable authorities, illustrating with experiences drawn from his personal observation. He said study had proved to him that there was within them all a power, a something, call it what they would, which to a greater or less degree existed in all human beings, which if cultivated would prove to be one of the greatest boons the Griver of All Good had conferred on suffering humanity, and this power was known as mesmerism. It was this part of the subject— mesmerism as an auxiliary to medical science —which the lecturer more fully dealt with, and many instances were quoted in the lecturer's own experience where sufferers had been relieved by its agency. He also conten ded for mesmerism efficiency as an anaesthetic, reading certified reports of the most delicate surgical operations successfully carried out whilst the patients were in the mesmeric state. As a practical illustration of this .Mr. Dobbie mesmerised the arm of a lad who had accompanied him to Kapunda, and a pin forced into the rigid limb at various parts did not appear to produce any symptoms of pain. The lecturer said in concluding the first part of his subject that mesmerism was not antagonistic to medical science but its handmaiden.' Dealing with, clairvoyance, he said the word simply meant clear seeing, and in its common acceptation it related ta a power which enabled a person in the mesmeric state, given a clue of any person, place, or period, to describe that person whether known or unknown to the clairvoyant, picture the place whether remote or near, and give details of the period of time, whether the clue related to modern or ancient or even prehistoric times* Clairvoyants had proved themselves of im mense utility in diagnosing diseases and lead ing to the recovery of lost friends, and the time would come, the lecturer; believed, when its use for sueh purposes would be universal. The time was passing when this and kindred subjects were looked upon as uncanny, and with proper cultivation it was possible to only partly realise what their development would do for the human race. At the close of the lecture • Mr. Dobbie experimented on several persons who placed themselves' in his bands, and about half a dozen were put into the mesmeric state. With these be showed that he had them perfectly under his control, even to stopping their speeeh or making them adhere to their seats or the wall or to one another. One subject he put through a variety of antics. This portion of the entertainment was as amusing as it was regarded as wonder ful. Mr. Dobbie succeeded in thoroughly interesting his hearers, and on the motion of the Chairman a very hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him for the delivery of his lecture. 