SERMONS AND ADDRESSES. The Bishop at St. James's. The Bishop of Melbourne preached at the Cathedral on the morning of Sunday, 17th April, to a very large congregation, from 1 Kings x. 7— 'Behold, the half was not told me.' He said: The student of Bible history lingers with delight on the glories of the earlier years of the reign of King Solomon. It was in that reign that God's kingdom in the world — for such was Israel — reached its highest pitch of splendour and greatness and majesty. The monarchy established in the person of David now culminated, and from this point we look down on the eventful career of the shepherd king. We remember how, having been hunted down bv Kinc Saul like a partridge upon the mountains, he at length succeededhim upon the throne. We recollect how, in the subse quent struggle, the house of Saul waxed weaker and weaker, and the house of David stronger and stronger. We remember how David was a man of war, having to fight for his kingdom first with enemies without, then with rebellion within, so that God regarded him as unfit to build the temple. But when his life's fitful fever was ended, his son Solomon, a man of rest, the peaceful one, ascends the throne. The theocracy now shines forth in all its splendour. The territorial dominion of Solomon stretches to the utmost bounds of the promises made to Abraham, and Moses, and Joshua. Then there is a period of .profound peace; the sound of arms is hushed. We read that ' Judah and Israel dwelt safely ; every man under his vine and his fig tree,' 'from Dan even to Beersheba, all the days of Splomon.' The king's wealth was enormous, silver being nothing accounted of. His marvellous wisdom, which God gave him in answer to his prayer, spread his fame far and near. Above all, it was his grand privilege to build the house of the Lord, solemnly dedicate it to the worship of the Most High, to witness the heavenly fire consuming the sacrifice, and to see the divine glory fill the House, while his subjects, prostrate on the pavement, worshipped the Lord and shouted, ' For He is God, for His mercy endureth for ever.' It was the golden prune of Jewry. Far-off nations gazed on it with awe and envy ; and the sacred narra tion has presented to us the record of the visit of the Queen of Sheba ' from the uttermost parts of the earth' to see and hear and learn and wonder and adore. The words of the text are, as you know, tho words of the Queen of Sheba. It is the tendency of rumours to grow in the telling ; each successive reporter adds something on his own account to the original tale. But for once rumour did not exag gerate. Her many tongues altogether failed to convey to the Arabian princess an adequate conception of the greatness of the Lord's anointed. She gazed on it .till ' there was no more spirit in her,' and then she said to the king : ' It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom. Howbeit I believed not the words until I came and mine eyes had seen it ; and behold the half was not told to me.' My brethren, a greater than Solomon is here. The wealth and prosperity and wisdom of Solomon were but the ordained foreshadowing of the glory of Him who is both David's son and David's Lord, and the happiness of Israel at this time is but a faint administration of the blessings of the Gospel, enjoyed here in part, and to be enjoyed fully hereafter by the faithful subjects of the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. The more the subjects of the great King come to know of the sweetness of His presence with them, of the tokens of His favour, of the communica tions of wisdom and grace that flow from Him, the more are they con strained to exclaim, 'Behold the half was not told me.' They find that 'the love of Christ passeth knowledge,' that 'the peace of God passeth all understanding,' and that ' eye hath not seen nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man the things that God hath prepared for them that love Him.' It is quite the reverse with worldly things. Whatever they have in them to meet the aspirations and longings of the human heart is soon told, and is scarce worth the telling. You all remember the record of Solomon's melancholy tSXptSllBilUt) ? tlliex 111b JUeUbUUll WIVfciS llclU liUJLllcU 111b lieiUO U/Wciy 11U111 God — in that singular book, Eeclesiastes. In that book he gives an elaborate account of his quest of happiness from the things of this world. He tells you of his houses, of his gardens, of his vineyards, and of his cattle; his money, his musical entertainments, his fame and renown ; in fact, the various things which unchanged men live for now. And what was the result of the experiment? Does Solomon invite you to take a long journey such as the Queen of Sheba took ? Does he intimate that he has not told you ' the half' of the happiness and satisfaction which he derived from this chase after happiness, this royal effort to quench the thirst of the soul out of the cisterns of this world. Nay, rather he would have you believe that if you take such a journey you will find nothing to reward your pains. He says, after accumulating all this store of earthly good, ' I looked on all the works that mine hand had wrought, and on the labour that I had laboured to do, and behold all was vanity and vexation of spirit, and there was no profit under the sun.' It was no better nor more substantial than a soap-bubble to begin with, and in due time the bubble burst. Perhaps you will ask what was the difference between Solomon and all his glory as the Queen of Sheba saw him and Solomon in all his glory as he describes himself in Eeclesiastes. I answer that in the former case Solomon had the blessing of the Lord which maketh rich ; that in the latter case he had departed from God, and his heart had ceased to be perfect with him. As in the case of a number of noughts which owe all their value to the figure which stands on the left of them, and subside into their natural nothingness the moment that figure is removed, so it is with the things of this world ; let a man walk with God, and then worldly goods have their value ; let him depart from God, and then the things of this world are less than nothing, and vanity. To a being constituted as man is the blessings of true religion are invested with a peculiar attractiveness by the thought that the half has not been told — yea, cannot be told us. We love the mystery of expectation, and to have something still better, higher, nobler in the future to look forward to. It is said of an ancient potentate that when he had conquered the world he wept ; there were no other worlds to conquer. The story, whether it be true in fact or not is true to human nature, and while it deserves ine anenuon ox mi unuuiivt;iut;u. persons, n utjiiituiua unts uuiisiueinbiuu of those who may have reached middle age or old age, when all that the world can do for men has been found out, and who, alas ! as yet know nothing of that new life of the blessedness of which the half cannot be told. What a sad confession is that of Lord Chesterfield : ' I have seen,' he says, ' the silly rounds of business and pleasure, and have done with them all. I have enjoyed all the pleasures of the world, and consequently know their futility, and do not regret their loss. I appraise them at their real value, which is, in truth, very small. Those who have not experienced them always overrate them. When I reflect on what I have seen , and heard, and done, I can hardly persuade myself that all my pleasures had any reality;, but I look back on all that is past as one of those romantic dreams which opium occasions, and I do not desire to repeat the nauseous dose for the sake of the fugitive dream. Shall I tell you that I bear this melancholy situation with that meritorious resignation which most people boast of? No — for really I cannot help it — I bear it, I must bear it, whether I will or no. I think of nothing but killing time the best way I can, now that he has become my enemy. It is my resolu tipn to kegp in the carriage during the remainder of the journey.' The writer of these melancholy words died little more than a century ago, and he seems not have known much more of the gospel than a Pagan. So true is it that the Holy Ghost alone is the giver of life to dead souls. On the other hand, true religion carries with it not only no disappointment, but an unknown amplitude of satisfaction which lures the soul onward, and still onward by the discovery of richer fields of experience, more exalted heights of knowledge, beyond and above. The half is never told. The love of Jesus is so sweet, His riches so unsearchable, His fulness so inexhaustible, that he who has tasted it is refreshed for the present, and the taste creates a pleased expectation of more blessing in the future, so that he can sing — Jesu, thou joy of living hearts, Thou fount of life, thou light of men, Thou, the blest bliss that earth imparts, We turn unfilled to Thee ajjain. We taste Thee, O thou living bread, And long to feast upon Thee still : We drink of Thee, the fountain head, And thirst our souls for Thee to fill. Death/ which puts a period to earthly delights, has no power to arrest the progress or interrupt the joys of them that seek their happiness in Christ. Those joys are spiritual, not carnal, and the souls of the saints when delivered from the burden of the flesh become capable of more intimate communion with the Saviour than they were while in the body; and hence it is that to the believer ' to die is gain ;' ' to die and to be with Christ is far better.' More can be told him, though still not ' the half,' of what Christ has done, is doing, and will do for the soul that waiteth for Him. And when the Iiord shall come in His majesty to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe — when He shall manifest Himself to them, and allow them to see Him face to face, and to walk with Him in white — still it will take eternity to unfold the length and breadth and depth of that love of which, while here below, the half had not been told them. My dear brethren, you can all say concern ing this, 'We have heard the fame thereof with our ears.' It is fit that I should tell you, if any of you came here this morning thinking that the new Bishop was about to preach a new gospel that you have come with a very mistaken expectation. The old story of Christ Jesus and Him crucified is that which it has ever been my privilege to tell, and may God grant me grace to tell it in all its clearness and fulness and simplicity as long as I can raise my voice amongst you. But now I am about to ask you this question : Have you all acted i with respect to the blessings of the gospel as the Queen of Sheba did? : i Mark again what she said to Solomon concerning the report she had ' heard of him: ' I believed not the words until I came, and mine eyes had seen it.' Have you followed her example ? She took a long and arduous journey in order that she might gaze upon the shadow; what have you done that you may become acquainted with the substance ? What are you saying or doing for Christ ? At this time of the year we celebrate Easter festivities, and we meet together to praise God for the resurrection of His Son Our Lord, which guarantees His divinity, and the everlasting efficacy of his atonement, and the unutterable precious - ness of the blood of sprinkling. As surely as Christ rose again on the third day, so surely will He come again. We shall have to stand before His tribunal to give. an account of the deeds done in the body. What account are we about to give ? That we shall give it is certain. Remember what St. Paul said at Athens. He said that God called on men everywhere to repent, because He had appointed a day in which He would judge the world in righteousness by that Man whom He had ordained, whereof He had given assurance to all men in that He had raised Him from the dead. The resurrection from the dead is an assurance that the judgment of God is to follow. We have spoken of the Queen of Sheba this day. Something is said about the testimony she will bear by-and-by. ' The queen of the south shall rise up in judgment against this generation and shall condemn it, for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon, and behold a greater than Solomon is here.' My brethren, let us turn our.: hearts to God this day. Let us giye Him deep and true repent ance. Let us put our whole trust in His most precious sacrifice, and gladly yield up ourselves to. Him, lest at the last, when He comes again in glorious majesty to judge both the quick and the dead, we should be condemned by the example of the Queen of Sheba, which we neglected to follow. 