ILIEF, THE CATTLE KING. One man of the thousands, who in the gold fever of 1859 were with frenzied energy crossing these dreary American, plains, threw aside shovel, pan, and rocker, and settled down to cultivate a small patch of ground near a town of less than a hundred shanties, peopled with the roughest of .the rough ; for in these days the "hanging trees," which were afterwards so useful in raising the tone of frontier commun ities, had not yet grown up. Net being " on the shoot" himself our friend loaded a few provisions and his rifle: on a-pony, and turned his back upon what is now the city of Denver. He reached the ^Northern Californi&n; (Mormon) emigrant road, and built himself a hut, where he set up as a trader; his goods being a small cask of whisky, a little tobacco, and a few other necessaries of life, which he laid in gradually. "The commodities he bartered with the emi grants, who, poor, as himself, passed over the road before bis door, often at the rite of one hundred a day. He took iu exchange cattle, . which all western-bound emigrants had with them as the most valuable stock-in-trade for their new home. But the Eastern raised cftitle accustomed to other food and plenty of water, succumbed to the hardships of the sis months' dreary trip; and the trader drove many a sharp bargain—giving a few glasses of whisky (which to the parched em grant seemed the very elixir of life) in exchange for a broken down cow, or a pound of tobacco for a totter ing steer. A short distance from his shanty he bad discovered an oasis in' the desert, a. tract of hayland, through which flowed a creeks and to this place he drove his raw-boned ghosts, where rest and nutritious grass soon fattened them. Twise the adventurer's dwelling was burned over bis head by Indians—he barely escaping with his life. Bkt Jtbe jqattle■.had jet no-, value in the' red man's "eyes, and when- the fugitive came back to bis ruined home, he found his* bovine riches quietly grazing among the hills a few miles from the road, untam pered- with by the savages, who, still happy in the possession of vast hunting grounds, held "squaw?s game" in utter contempt. The Union Paeific Railroad made the vaga bondtrader a rich man. He found a splendid marketor Kis heef in the construction camps while the road was building; and within a few miles of this shanty Cheyenne, a city of 10,000 inhabitants, sprang up in a night. While numbers of his former comrades found graves in the gold field, and hundreds more returned to the East half-starved desperadoes, and many discovered great wealth only to squander it recklessly, the close of his career found him with a vast estate, measuring one hundred and fifty by one hundred miles, upon which grazed forty thousand head of cattle. For the last seven years of his life his income from cattle alone was one hundred and twenty five thousand dollars per annum. The chief point ot the above sketch of the achievements of Hiff, the cattle king of Col orado, is that" luck" had little to do with his success. He often had great losses, notably in the severe winter of 1871-2, when his cattle strayed to the value of more than one hundred thousand dollars, putting him to enormous expense to find the lost, many of which were discovered in the agonies of death from starva tion. 