THE GOLDEN HOPE. A BOMIASCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a drenam Ithat W not all a dreco.' Et W. Chaar ROsSELL CriyrER XX.-A Foc'SL DIsccoslo,. They had no sooner left the cabrn than a head with arime pale face on it and dicor' dated hair and reddish eyelashes popped out of a spare bahonk on the port side, and after taking a quick dance around, was followed b, the body and legs of Johnny, the 'bor. Toi routh was about seventeen years old, stupid, but ailling, and he was useful as one of the ship a company, becaOse though he hardly knew how to make a logn splice, he could help to roll up a sail, and was a very good servant for the cabin, besides being ser. viceable an a sort of cook's mate. He had 'allnight in' because hewns kett at work alt dar, but feeling tired a'er breafast and geoscing he would not be missed for a quarter of an hoat or no, he had sneaked into the spare crabin bek, toat was in reality a hole to the side, eoco as you see in smacks, with the intention of merely resting his limbs, but had fallen fast a-lssp He was awakened by the entrance of Mr. Fortesone and the two men; when. reotiesno his atn. tion, and the rop.''ending that might follow his detection, he lay breathle,., lie. tning to all that was said. When the mate left the cabin and Hiram entered his berth. Johnny tumbled out of his bank and went to see after the cabin dinner. Toe cook was a man named Micky Anson, a fatigcnrant oernon ircitnol. lihe mostsea cooks. His temper aboard the Golden Sope had not been improved br the soallness of I the galley, the want of elbowroom, and the wild aod lively motion of the schooner during the bad weather, when on one occaoson he had been washed nut of the caboose hr a sea. and when be had been sev red times I scalded by Crosized saecpans. Whether, buhot for the cook's temper, Johnny would ever have repeated a word of what he had heard uo the cabin, cannot he imagined; baton being angoily assailed br Anson for 'loafing' and neglecting to do his 'bit' and the like the lad sail, 'Micky e'elp me as I stand, I'd been here if it warn't for a ghost story. I heerd it inthecabin. I'd laid down in the snare bank an' I fell aeleep and was woke no hrby the ole man and the mat. and the nraion comin'below; the parnon he tarne to and give'em a rarn about a ghost. hfiltrk, soeo rue. it war enough to cake a mann' hair feel as if it waor stiff with fat. He war a long whiild yarid', aol thou tlhe cleaed out andl aflI come' S1 saying, he seized hold of soms plates that were to be cieanel and bheran to make a mithtr rattle with them in a metal pail full of water. ' Al.'cried the cook, 'of cours yonwas laina' down. You're aloas a laina' doon It's garuter junopers arter rour ra'tern as are makct' osilore the lanohing'o.uck of the world. Good mind to round ,on ye to the ole maon,' he exclaimed, opening the oven door to scowl at a meat pie. 'It's your thick skin what makes you inlssenih'e to nautical felouge, and yonu'll never feel like a seafaring mnt till that there skin has b'en thinned br a course of ridin' down. Ghosts! If taore was n'er a thing of the kind in this as-hoocer. danne if I wooldn't he at the cost of making hite a present of the sharpest fork on that shblf there 0on the ondertnindin' that he hauned ye abaout with it ani i kept all on jabbino of ron till I told him tc atop.' tickay,' cried the ltn, who was now red in the f.ca with the exertion. he was putting into his task of cl-amino and rubbing, ' astp me it the parin's tyarn waat't en-unh to cake me with I was home agin. Why, I this wornge ain't a iwopre at all. We're sailing in search of a ghost; ye should hare Itetrd the mate grnot wten he was told it, and th' ole ton kep on saying. ' Werll, this in a start? Toto do beat my timne! and when the parson was gone the skipper asks the mate what he thioks, and the ma' lie sate it i most ibe all true 'e the parmon's too pions to ottlla tin' ' Wha;. eil tron? What are you jawin' aboutl Wh. coio' to heart you whilst you makes that hloomini' noise? cried the cook,. whose curiosity wans seow excited. ' What's all ten'? Why, what th- p rant told the akiocer and the mate,' reilied Johbny. ' 1 saes there's a female ahost situated on an island in the Ifindian Orean tablilshd by spadal acraugsmest wbl the author, *rd ItOe VOea g tos u feCi tlr er' the Cook tll.atiied a fryigpyan, whilst Johnny, cower uag and dodging behind hia uplifted arm, roared out, 'Slp we the Lord, ice true, Micky. The ghost came to the parson andL days, 'Im on the island what Mr. Stone's got the alcnulationo of.' and she writ deon a lieeness of the island, and pretended that the parson had dons it; and then the parson he snes the drawin' land likewise the ghtc' a-atretecbin'oot of her arms to him, and so he makes up his mind to go and fetch her, and here we are agoing !o The cook looked attentively at the lad, and knowing him to he too much of a fool to he copabhle of inventing such a story as this. rxclaimed,' Just esy that over agin, will per?' Thc youthr did so. 'ee mean to eay that the paran told :he cp n and mate that a female lhost wrote down the fikenesn of an island, antd informed him that she was on it, and that this vorage was meant to fetch her?' said the cook, knittin his brows and lLooking at Johnny with no expression in his eyes that cansed the lad to resoond with astonish in; rapidity, 'Ay, Micky, and if it ain't true, may i-' And he hoped that all nerts of fearful phteioaf alhliotioun would emite him. Well,' said the cook, beginning to hustle about afresh, hbat in rather an nabstracted manlner, if the parson's motive he what yeo nay it is, then thia here's a woyrsen I for one never signed articles for. But aft with yer no0e; get the cloth laid.' and he made as it he wauld lift his foot, on which the youth ran out. If sailors in those days were livelier and heartier and better seamen than they are in these, it mont he owned that they were aloe moreignorant. Not ignorant in the onse of 'larning,' as they termed it, for as many could read and write then as can read and write now. buhot in respect to sea conerstitiono. In our age the prosnic mechnical spirit of the engine room has entered the stafarioc calling, and in the fornaces of the eteamere most of the marine epectrtes and beliefs have been burned up never to appear atain. But in the age of the Golden Hlope. Fridray woe still an unlucky day; a manster would rink h spare to pick up a cat that had fallen over board: the Fin, as a native of Russian Fin. land was termed, was a magician in the eree of many sailors; and though the Flying Dutchman was mentioned on the whole with incredolity, ecoree of oeperetitious much more abaurd and much less poetical prevailed in ahips' forecastles and 'tween-decks where Jack whonc his hnmmock. The cook having ob:aine from Johnny a most oerverted rne. sion of the narrative Mr Fortescne had related to the captain and Stone, very natu rally procored its converance forward in a manoner that was formerly observable in sea. cooke-as thee: It being the captain's watch on deck, and consequently William Breeche's watch hbelow, for Wtiliam was in the mate awatch. Breeches came to the galley for a light for his pie.. * William,' aRe the cook, 'what was in your her,, mate, when you signed articles for this here woyagel Breeches secrvey him leiinrele, and answers, 'Seventy hob a month. Mieky.' *Ay.' sans the cook. 't tat' right enoogh; but what ans the detination given ye' 'Why.' said Breeches leaning in the door way, and taking a look at what the watch on deck were doing, ' a hisland in the Indian Ocean. trat it? I've selgned on for a root many woyaces in me time, hat somehow I've never canuht myself taking notice of where we're bound till we gets there.' What d're ear,' exclaims the cok, ' of the parson hying this here Pchooner to fe:ch a ghoot ff the island we're bound to!? 'Git out,' said Breeches, 'Well,' cars the cook, 'it's Johnny's yarn; and here he relates how the lad came to overbear the converestion in the cabin, eraggerating the routh's version of coursle, and embellishing it with several original touches. 'If it's tree its blazing 'peer,' eaos Breeches. lAh.' sate the coce, 'and the more yon think of it. the likelier it is. What doe. a oarson want to sail to a hisland in the Indian Ocean for, that's got no name. eb? Just aok yourself thabst, William. It ain't for reain ' ince there', no harterin' Thames ballast. nnywaye: onfear of its behnz for slavinn and the likes of that Parsons are all very well; but it's eartin their dealings is with what ye can't Pee; and if there's to he anything what may be called speeritool like mnehked up in this orame onheknown to ns and not down in the articles, I, for one, shall went to know whet the cact'n has to nar non it' Well, of eourse, language of this kind ended in making the two fellows lock at each other with ifas as locng an ' wet ha'nme:k,' to eon the lcngage of the sea: and when BreecChes had enoked bhi pine out aid de acanded into the forecas'fe- it was not to ' turn in.' bt to repeat what he had beard to Martin Goldsmith and Henry Sawner, who sat on their chests mendinz their clothee, the onmaininig min of the warte; Joe Hall, ordinary seaman, heing in his bunk and loudly snringl there. It was the caen n of the watchaes to not especr together, and ehortlr hef.,re four belle 16 oa',lockl the met havinsg fnisher the meal were on the foreeastle; for the evenina wan teaetiful,. the wind warm, and the gin de o'endinoin each e olendoer that eon w'tot't ha'e thought poarnelf in parallels higher tima the 'hetlandi to have seen the bright liamen en hin onut ofl the hrzy crimson vorter and the lines of ribbed clouds rJotd in gold an l orarnr and pink and scarlet, with ten skh a most deliea'e dim green hbetween them, and the nes coming with a bright copperclare upon it out of the weat, and sweeping with the heavens into dark blue into the eset Thaee never was a more peaceful picture than the echooner made at that bosr. Steeped in the flowing western clar the full hointe of her ,one.a were tinEed with orange, whtle in the concavitien which faced the east, whence the wind was blowing as though the fevererd breath of the African desert were mingled in the freshness and sweetness it gathered fr m 'he ocean in its light-in those concavities the shadows lar like tehlae dOesk of erening, that furnishing an enqaiite contrast to at are ro ritoated as to eruhrace both the cn. verities and hollows of the sails. Toere san n-thing in aight the wide waters round. Mr Fortencae and Hiram were drinking tea on deck, Stone was below. In the boews were the crew. sitting on the windlans end ur 1-aning atainst the weather rail, the cook and Johnny in the midst of teem. apparentlr yaring or as Hiram would sometimes fancy, arntins. when he cast hia glance for.ward. but speaking low, with askant looks aft It wa tbhe first dogwatch, and they had the second yet to go through before they settled down to night dnuty or repoc. The whole length of the schooner wee between ''eeks and his men hat if this were not ennnaugh so to eobdue t'ie voicen of tbs crew as to reader their words in endbhln aft, there on the swinging of caneas aloft as the GOlde, Itope rolled, toe sounds of water dioturbrd and moving ouer the side, snall straining ned chali ig noises, aod heeideo, Captain Ifiram cinerned with lif Forceaece, though no reference wan mode hstneen them to what had passed in the cabin. It was otherwice on the forecoetle, where the accnn t that had bher giern to the cook by Johnio whs being grnneli disecased. 'Mfaten.' said Breeches, Ieeling in hun tr'uo~rra poohete Coca pipe, lnnnt noemo to teetheornen poet'~?~ ef thin oh in thne if that there Johsny'e yarn in true. it's plain that the capi'n and the mate didn't khow nor more nor an what was the motice of this ionine.l 'That's what Ptrlrke me at the rum'oient eortt o,' eaid Tim Duck, a sacy loohioc. nontenhat mrrevrfn'ird seen'an of ohirce, 'The person eridentlr ret to windward of the old man alore sailing, and now we're a fort' nilht out, and, the tenths told, the skipper don'e know what to do.' 'If he wauts adwisin' I'm game for one, ramarked th cooh. 'ono says he donnu what to do?' asked .Martin Goldsmith. 'le don't look much din'rhel. I allow his face gcoldn't be much loneer than it is, hot if there' , aty hiwnard epfiial in a man ie're not cmine to sge him emiling and npearing hsary lihe Pfirem there as if he'f got the yong woman lhe's a cg orting on his kbee.' 'Dzreat i''o mcre ottep' rsil youS't OTe' hall. 'Tnoero' too mani ekippenr hiochin' oboat achore, bullies. f,,r Hlirem to corn to and roy he warnt coin' to gail the gchooner to a haunted igltnd.' 'Johnnp,' onid Bree:bes inn aevern voice, * 're mean to ear that the pareon told Ilih ehippyr and Bill that there was acheet on an islaid in the Itidan Oc-sn, and that we was hand out to fetchitt Ju't thino. You'rn morecn half a f'ol recollec', and aluore yiu jampa down me throst with a trechlini "Ye's! jltt noerhoal what miid)ou've goe, and see if pnu ain't miutoeln' *Fool or no fool,' nanered the ho,. 'I'll tell ert, if son wan to hold me over the rni, atid sap te'd let go if I annnerei esn to what eou'iee aeed. I'd any yen Dye thicik I cati': henri Solo me, as I'm cilrino, what the p ron raid wee a ghost wrote denti a hirlan I fer him-s female ghont-and says she was 5'e it. atid ahb openel her arms to tIhe ireson and the permcn we makes up his oi',dto go to her. Aci' hble we arn a oi** ITwarIt only that ntiire Tbs icost mode thn par-on ree uhe nip blazilig up in the Indian Oreru, iblot bei,; in England. And the RkipeO. bre talked of a ghost as come to a -hipra wrreel ard rords a chap there fetch a Btb!pe, and next dar he drops down dead. there was notien I didn't hear, foul or no foot. Wit'lliame.' - 'Well.' said nrrer Sawrer, with an non easy glance aft at the clergyman aid a kind of writhe on ft.h hrth he :as i it'ini cr, if Johnny ain't hlundering. the lookout of this wococe is thi oncouforahlert aore. niectable sailorcould inco for. Why, lavineg 'nid h- hiater than rhlo.thrnlltinc, dainre.' What' a Cghost lik?' said tile crok. Arnvrody ever eryn ie hnt?' SDid the pare in tell tnie ept nr what tihe fr t was liker! i'rr'erd GOldl nith. Ni,' ansewer.d J hunry. 'It wor some. tlling as put it armn out' i'ell,' erid Dick. 'that'er wat ghorle dr. I e eeen 'em repreoented in the thearlter. c iThey comes up out of tihe (orle under trhe a -'ae-, Aou point. and talk, with their arm-. 'they never pekeo. 'IThere'o nio good in rail,', as Sam did, there aint III ginhtr; 'cne iif they'd necer been wiiiuto, howroooid trey be drained, ard how couid play-nactorne I dress op like 'em' ' 'What I said was that no man ever ret ce f a ghost,' exclaimed Sam W'i'he, anr ordinary r seaman. A chost'a a mar rsoul, and my c father believed that when eoull was liherated t rth-y fot blowel about till they hbrought up, a bat no man ever ay ra ool. Wihy, ii it wasri rmethingrdi e could lre at, every rime a chap I diedyou'd see hireral fyinig awry.' ' Tell yer what it is, rotrer,' eaid Gold I smith. ' You rmar ary it ought to be middlin' t warm in these parlts, but it's blasted cold to i my notion.' L'Ight a pipe.' sail Dock. 'Ji:nny,' said BeIeches, meaening Kitle., t ouo was at the behl, ' to'd me this alter. nool that he was erpimates with a manl rho Pknew a sailor trat had murdered al young person he wan kepiri' company with. lIr* hid the bidy, rand sailed away ; ht the e girl went with him. If he jumped aloft she f wuas on the foretot alonreide of him. If he I tik the wheel. rshed be roldnr. the lees apakes. If he looked over the side he'd see I her in the water. When he came horne rshe strep d on to trhe quay with hirm, and Jimmy Ii said that n mrate told him that wrhen tr.e man s:epped irover the o idee ,the oin p-reon c made bim take a ciach nid go down to n iwhere her hody owa, and dig it up and look e atn it, which he did, and then she made him a rake the coach bck again anrd go to thet vpeli:e and tiell 'em he had murdered her' a 'Criocience in the name of that there t gbihet,' said Duck. 9 Conscience be blooed !' cried Breeches. U 'Mean to tell me a man an can murder at young woman's got 0n0 conscience!' t 'Lou here,' said the cook, ' what I'm v rhioking of is this- rhat' this here wayage I abnot!' There was a short silence. Whhether.' cnrrtinned the cook. ' hosts is v ro hbe helievel in or to be denied of, I don't wean to take a hand in searching after them. If Johnny here ain't a liar, that parson v theree zone ani brhih: this i"oker 'erreelr to find out a hieland on which something y hat came to him wone he wae ahed saidit ivced. I for rie did nor slaen or a job of ]I ihis kindi, and my opinion in that we ought a to speak to tihe captain, and Tarn from the e caclairt Ilhirltf Sha: hjs motifec nre ' At this moment Stone who had been c10iem hPi superi in the cahin-the lues meal I oin board ship is alwuys called sapper, though anhore it wunid he called tea-came on deck and took a iora re two along the I ran;wayr, firt casting a glance aloft, then I runniae his eye roord the sea till he came to tihe sinking sun that was then a truly 1 gloriorr spectacle of Ieime and colo0r, ineo. mouch that the mer re letlerion of it in the Coa yielded a score of shiningi and exquisite iots from the burning red on the horizon to the delicate amber that came sifting through tie water to toe schoonrr' aide, where it I died oct and left the sea on the port beam at rich violet 'this the old sailor stood gazio t at for some momorents with the sort of roererce in hioe 'ice trot the cranlerre and be atle of nature ex-iti in plain and simple minie, after while hig eyewas taken by the crew talkin' logethr on the forecastle. It I war immedia'ely ebdant to him that they had ot odrder weigh wrih ,aine topic of more than uriu; ins-retan, and o'serveine rhat they I all ilkod towards hi ao iii they hrad a mind I to eiek, ihe liately wa lkiI lire id with a care:,.- p1 nce at rhi' foretrsitiIui, as if his idea was to see that ll Iwas rirht that war. I u , iri- cr, rt,, rri,.aridla.e-end, where he ioot liihte I 'king rounrd him. SMr. Srone,' sauddernly exclaimed the cook, 'cunld on tell ne what this here woyage i orrr.ieri.k-n forr ' C idertak-n for l' anweredStone, startled be the abruerners of the uertion, anrd also at a lose. Inrstantly norict ire tre men, who rexchaiged glarnces, ' Oa'y, rr, d'ye mean to say )ca don't rememt'er venat you signed a for"' Yes,' replied the cct : ' I signied for the I lorae from toh i- ret., Lrrdonr toahlrsand inrthe Idrair ii'r ar anid hack. Weewasta to not rta retnro IIi atller, anrd Ianderatood it wur to h- a iisr of plnenre crntce, a kinder yiwh!~mit job.' 'T r"' i., Micky' erxclaimed Goldsmith, who oft ll the men hsat apparently been ren dered the most uncomfortable by Johany's story. 'ell,' cried S'one, ' and who's said is AItN' tio h a sort of pleacare C'-ise, a kinder rachtin' j ih as you call it, Ph! What d'ye upppose the object is-purac ? If Tar were it yon mar recon wr'd need more unscle theren whale to he grt net n' the likho of that toret,' p ,iutint to the fat arms of the cook. Stell ye what it i, MSir. Stone.' said Brae:h-s. ''e'*e lrrrnt that th-re's some thing sooperiat'ral, as the ratin' is, in the parr cu'e itenirtior, and thounh I don't be.inee in chorst nirselt, I'm not agoinig tor help in aty jt,b I can't see danliene thronegi.' Ginose! cried old Son.; ' woat are yoi trtlcins aount ? n,'s beenr a jawing to eon Cllrn' ritis anid insultineof p.onle ain't aneswering gilerraio.' grid tne co, i vitrongly. 'ill Orn pce-oe tell us what this ere wosage is unrdernhen for' rne men agare noticed the disconcerted erpreesion in the old chap's face. Hile lanced alt, and observing that JIr Forleecae had left the deck, motioned to Ilirm. who was watching the crew as thoriat be had now tneased that cirmenhing more than mere Syarnting' was keepmzn rhe fellows together. . trhe captanr wetted forward in perides as long as a treaedian'e, the eye would have been taken by the lovely sea piece of that momrent, the airy splendour in the weet, the valvet-like bie in the east, the ocean line qgoing roond in a soft sweep of indlen till it met the dri r glone where it was rbrlsted,. the arlt of the echo'aer astading bhtiLaoe 'on white plumerle ageinrre the pore windward dust, the little crowd of men forward where mte windlsse wan, nod where the foremaet rose yellow, with Ite blhch ehrotdc and snow. hlke clothe. to the g 'lden nsinine; and the sand'colonret deck aft tenanted hp a eolitary ligrere at the tiller. Sh'bi'ae the marter!' said HIiram. '* hy,' reeponded Stone, 'lhere'i Bill ttreoches a'kir if there ain't eumethir rsrooernaourel in this wicace;l tailbin' akbo ohuete aind the Irkee of enoir etstl; a'd hlerc'' ricky Anon inqniria' what it is he signed Ieracn neha i eined for, eapn.'n.'answeroe the cook. ' andt Irhewirs bnow what I didn't Look here, interropted Firam; ' what's the mtilter! Tttat what I want to know' i' ell, Il yer whata the tootler.' rerponded Breechn; 'yin aer' the pareon an' Ir dlore hcre had a pricate oonrereacioa in tbh chin atnown' 'I'l' thunder'd Ifiram. SWe'f,' continurrd llrerches, easinig down hie dot nt manner a hIt in the tenth of the kihtppnr' rero'Ute frowrning stare, ' we onder atand that the pareon cae rou anvrslon of his rearson in oein' this wenael and sailing o' her to the Ilinuie Oanrr thht Cire as nkekoanwn1to1)on and bIr Sronena It wae tont' i~el' i' shouted Iliran. *W.ll,' 1rtecreded Breechr. ' what we are infrwrmod ir that a choest npyered tr ih' ycrtmi and wrote down a lhinlind aRd lrid tie anc epon ir, cid phe Cr:ced of hime to come hy hoprniic hoe eorn out to him, adri hatas why Ire (Irooht thle echornny. I Icti ncr.' said the mari, wreine dehent aesin aid eecking enrcoulriemri in the lookh of trh men arotnd timn 'thnt I don't bk'ie e in g'otrl; I don't bonri no hen aboert eo and don't raninri; hut r''e seroed that pn'sous are p-opye an mar gEt hohf f.' roti are which almin ealurns wonild ra'her not help 'cm to c.rry out, dye ere, cap:o. ant if to tlrram and Sterne had ireri etrmin an each nirher. Tar fntacr at thie ltitit yclt'4 oc': h'ho told tot that re rod a priva:te ci I ce noi rir rtii' ca hny Ilirnor sret 'hel Ifrrr Iris long arm aend i rrllred the youth wirh tig scnlike li he h nbci 'Htow di yer now we lad a prinote o .roverslionr in tie cohin!' he roarrO. Tn.. lade Intro e trhccied eabh ither nv s e c-rulied: ' I wa a hrttrired and 1 arned ilto I tie eparebunk, an' wben yonr an' the yarnoe Sanh tan ealte come daWn, I-I lay still-Dot choo1u'-bein' afrard-bi I hi I ' It was bonud to come, and for a long minute Johnny was ctrting wild capers to, and raising bole 'erou shots over, a regrntar dowarioht old fehiored lrope erding all of the olden time. The cr=w accepting this as a mttserof emare, a nitel with impatience for Hiram to recover his breath. The firt words he said were : SBreeches, yoa're an old fool.' 'Voat uie call me that for!' cried the man. ' Out of pnlitenese, you old acaramonrch. Why, if I ware to give ye all the names too deerne, you'd have more titles than the Emperor of Chaner. To think of a man of yolur age talk a' abnut thosts! Why, what do ten callr yourl-f ! A a-n I' " bo.V -:hiy htl re ao).ge aboat!' de* manded the cook. 'Ainu't exclaimed Hiram, with extra ordinrry ecorn, 'about! Tink of a cook a cloy-akinmg nautical questions and ex* Lecrin anowere! Look here, my lads, and I't rl-eo'ee and lMicky listen to me. The S'oruln rwas a Ieast Indieman; she was ournt in tho Hirdian Ocean; there was a lady aboahnrd of her as Mr. Fortescue was to marry. ledreamn that bthe weasel was borne, and that the lady who was in one of the boats reachedl an slantd that Mr. Stone here was c.et away upotn He disbelieved his dream till he heara that the ship had been burnt; and thern when be comes to tarn that the ialand hle dreamt about wase a real place and thantS:nne knrew it, heayenarohimrelf, "This here winin reay have come from HIeaven. Who knrown since what I dreamt was true that the ladr I see in my dream upon tbih ialand mt ut bhactoally be there! I love her' ih wasn to have been my wifle; 111 spen * what moeyr Iyve got in a schooner and sail to this here imiatd, and I'llI trist to Almighty Gal, if eo ILe toy dream's correct. that we hnri't be toOlate to preserve her lile." My larN, what'e onrea!oia le in thise The criroan gloom that was now upon the se nnad ake was a good light to studythe facer of thile men in as they listened toHiram for it deepened every line and added another shade to tihe hbronze on thie cheek, thoough it had itr milowing inllience, too, specially rnoticiaile in old Stoners face, whose earnest ne'e was rofrred into pathos by it. i er' atre hohbande among i, I daresay,' continred UHiram.' d ome I doubt othas ewee'heart ; besides. et're all English; sy, even Mickr Anson'- Elglish, and if therma any man here as considers Mlr. Forteecue'a de tarminatou to see if the end of his dream ain't ase true as the teginning proved to be-if theree any man here as can neo arthing nrooprnat'ral and notonderstandable in the ent's erebii' of his love, where he believes her to be cast away, then all can any i, he must be the onnaturalist character and the worst scowbanker as ever eidned arlicles for a lovrely ship and a beautiful weyage.' That speakling he ran his eyes over the men winh a cbalteaga stare at each. 'Then ye mean to sayr,' observed Breeches, 'that what Johnny took and brought for ward's alie !' 'Yee-a lie as big as he is; a lia as big as you and biarn and the cook ts,' cried Stode. SWhat' sour idea of the clernryman's bintel lect that ya shoald euroose hbe' capable of noie' a ghost hontin' a D'ye suppoee that am educated man like him, a man that Sunday after Sunday teaches folks with ten times more brainse than you thians that they don't bnow aobthe aboht-ý'ye imagine he's to be set right bh the likes of non!' 'Trere was nothing mentioned about our seekia' th'e inland for the purpose of taklrn' the parson', roang woman off it,' exclaimed Dadrk; 'thers was nothing said about it in the articles (fo a osrtnm.) 