SATURDAY. OCTOBER 1, 1887. The importance of trifles and the great-<*> ness of little things are subjects that con-<*> stantly thrust themselves on public atten-<*> tion. Everyone who has thought about ttis matter hu perceived that the turn total of human happiness or misery is made np chiefly of a multitude of things that are individnally inaignificant. This {act is petrified in proverbs, expatiated upon by preachers, sung by poeta, found in Script—re, and underlies Acts of Parliament. Travellers worry more over pettj-nnoyauces than Beriouadepriv-tion., Explorers make louder complaints of their eofteringa from insect plagues than of their perils bom beasts of prey, and ordinary people have on the whole more trouble through trivial vexations than from serious calam—iea. Medical men are necessarily familiar with the operation of this principle in disease, for s large part of their time ia apent in fighting enemies that are __c_tMcop——Uy minute. Dr. Veroo in bis -Wug-r—addreaa before the Medical Co-greet referred to some of them. The parasites that produce hydatid* are con temptible little entities, and yet their ravages are worse than those of all the veoomocs snakes on the continent. Io their fa—dgnificance axe their strength and terror. If they could be caught like a wild dog, or if one could break their backt with a stockwhip, the terms would be more equal, bat to bunt a creature that can only be seen through a microscope ia discouraging. The festive mosjuito, Again, not only murders sloep sad pro vokes onparliamentary language, but with his congeners, ia responsible for an entire group of tropical diseases, and is atrongly suspected of being nefarioutly connected with a great many more. The learned doctor intimated that, like other bad characters, this too familiar disturber of our peace should be subjected to cloto aurveil——ce, but there are peculiar diffi culties in the way. His unaubatantiality and evasiveness Are his defence. Mr. Phil Robinson describes him as a voice only except ? sting—a ghost that bites. It Is perhaps humiliating that next to Bothing-esses like these torment us, exas perate us, and all the while flout us to our faces and defy all our supsrior wisdom and strength to either banish or extirpate them. The same sort of thing prevails else where. Of all the beasts of the field and fowls of the air that spread devastation through the land, wreak injury, and threaten wholesale ruin, the defenceless rabbit and friendly sparrow beat the rest of animated creation. The latter ia just a feathered parasite. He loves the society of mankind, makes himsalf perfectly at home about our dwellings, and, aa Mr. Caldwell has noticed, even goes to church. He regards oar fruit trees aa planted for his especial edification, and our vines for bis refreshment when the weather is hot. Such, at least, fs the natural interpretation to be put on his actions. He Is thoroughly domesticated ; the more choice the garden, the better he likes it; and picturesque residences, with enug corners for netta, are his particular vanity, for he evidently concludes that their embe_t__.i_ent_ are f.?r his especial convenience. He is a thorough Briton— being compounded of Irish humor, Scotch shrewdness, and English pertinacity. There is fun in the flick of his saucy tail and the twinkle of his merry eye, but for all that he is as wary and cautious aa he seems confiding, and is as resolute as he is bald. From his own point of view he has achieved a signal success, and if some pa-eerine pundit were to write a history of sparrow colonisation it would be a re. cord cf splendid triumphs. We have attacked his eggs and his head, but he mocks bis asaailant?. We have tried traps, poison, cats, and powder and shot, but after exhaust!ng our ingenuity and spending thousands of pounds he is as perky and übiquitous as ever. In dividually he is almost too little to shoot at, but collectively he baffles the Ministry and the Parliament. The latest attempt to regulate him ended in an ignominious failure, and we have now to endure the consdousne-B that his ravages will cost as as much as the construction of a railway. The case is -till worse with regard {to the timorous rabbit. Scarcely any-olng that breathes could serve so well for an emblem of fearful and shrinking timidity, and yet it would be hard to find what is more fearful in the opposite sense. The rabbit is one of nature's paradoxes. A more utterly defenceless creature does not exist, and yet in its fecandity it is armai with a weapon against which all attacks seem powerless. One pair of rabbits, it is eaid, under favorable circumstances will have a progeny of 13,718,000 in three years. They are like Chinamen in their ability to make a living where scarcely ac j thing can exist. As the spirrosrs threaten to monopolise the produce of orchards and vineyards, so do the rabbits to take charge of ex tensive regions in the interior. In some places the vigorous efforts that have resulted from a feeling of despera tion hare met with partial success, but it is evident that constant vigilance will be required even to keep the plague within reasonable limits, to say nothing of its eradication. Hundreds on hundreds of square miles have been abandoned, and many a squatter has endorsed the statement that the country will have to be devoted to either sheep or rabbits, for It cannot maintain both. In New South Wales, as in other c llonies, the pest was neglected in its earlier stages, and It has now become unmanageable. Money is being and will hare to be poured out like water if the evil is to be coped with at all. A single instance will suffice to illustrate the cost of the operation. From one stati-.n the rent is £2,809 per annum, but the contribution towards rabbit destruction will this year be about £11,000. In the western parts of the same colony loud complaints are made of tbe absence of any check on this side of the border. Droves of thousands of rabbits are said to mike their way across, and neither quarantine nor poll-tax will hinder them. The com plaint, however, is made in this colony that New South Wales keeps up our supply of the destructive rodents. In the Barrier Ranges the rabbits are in swarms well-nigh innumerable. The New South Wales Ministers who recently traversed that part of the neighboring colony were so Impressed by the necessity of grappling more energetically with the subject that since their visit a reward of £25,000 has been offered for an effectual method of suppressing the nuisance. Federal legislation and con certed action are required without much delay. There is something almost ludi crous In the thought of a humble little rodent taxing the energies of s group of Parliaments. Yet it is altogether too serious to be - laughed at, and the infested area widens so rapidly that the problem is constantly becoming more difficult, If instead of the first pair of rabbits a couple of earthquakes had been let loose they would have been leu damaging. The revenue returns for the three months ending yesterday, which are published in another column, compare very satisfac torily with those for the corresponding quarter of last year. The receipts for the opening quarter of the financial year 1887-8 are approximately stated to have been £4-9,974, as against £408,820 acta-lly realised during the three month* ending September 30, 188* J, or an Increase of £81,145. The revenue for the same quarter in 1685 was £531,0-4; in 1884, £609,305; and in I&S3;, £495,191. The Treasurer, In making his budget speech a short time ago, estimttad that the total income for 1886-7 would amount to £2.226,8-8, and there is every reason to believe that his expectations will be fully realised. It is true that the receipts for the first three months do not represent a fourth ol tbe sum mentioned, but it is quite certain I that those receipts will be far more than | quadrupled for the year. The bulk of the land and income taxes, which are estl [ mated to yield £140,000, is not received until the 6nanc_l year is drawing to a dote, and this of itself constitutes a most important item. After the harvest has been gathered in the railway receipts will increase immensely, and Customs and other source* of income will make a proportionately larger contribu tion to the Treasury. Mr. Playford calculates that the revenue from Cattoms , for the twelve months will be £430,000. [ The first quarter has produced £153,635, as against £110,558 in the oorxeeponding quarter of 188 G. The comparative large i ness of this item is partly due to the tariff legislation of tbe present session, and it is noteworthy that Customs hut quarter < yi—dedmoretiianinanyof the correspond ing quarters of the four last years, except in 1885, when, owing to heavy clearances in anticipation of the new t_r_f passed that year, the receipts rosetotheexcepUonally large amount of £173,800. In the Sep tember quarter of 1883, however, the income derived from Customs was within a few pounds the same as that of the three roo_tlis ending yesterday, the amount being £153,613. Railways and tramways show a large increase of revenue, the receipts totalling £104,780, aa compared with £122,495 In the September quarter of 1886, £143,902 in that of 1885, £147,1-9 in that of 1884, and £121,1.0 in that of 1883. The torsflic on the Silverton line and on the Intercolonial railway have probably contributed considerably towards the satisfactory increase -of revenue in this direction. The Treasurer reckons on getting £799,000 from railways for the twelve months. Bearing in mind the magnificent prospects of the wheat har vest, and the rapid development of the traffic between this colony and the Barrier, no reasonable doubt can be enter tained that the amount mentioned will bs received; indeed, no one will be sur prised if it ia much exceeded. Official estimates of revenue from land sales have been ao often falsified by the result that there will be a tendency to view with suspicion Mr. Playford*s esti mate for the year of £124,930. The first quarter has yielded only £15,320, as com pared with £20,073 for the corresponding three months last year, £40,184 in the same quarter of 1885, and £03,541 in that of 1884. There is an increase in rents, licenses, Ac, Crown lands, from which £45,442 was received, as ag-inst £43,888 in the same quarter of 188 G. In postal j and telegraphic services the revenue ex- ! hibits a gratifying increase of about £5,000, and generally the comparison with ' the September quarter but year is a favor able one; but it is in the two items of Customs and railways that the improve- j .ment is most marked. These are the two principal revenue-producing items since the income from the land has fallen off so wofully, and they are likely to yield all ] that the Treasurer expects of them, and more. With economy in the public ex penditure the financial position of the colony ought to be considerably improved by the operations of the current year. Oaring to the Victorian Government not adopting very restrictive measures in connec tion with the outbreak of smallpox in Tasmania, the Treasurer has telegraphed to Mr. Gillies pointing out that South Australia has pro claimed Tasmania, and that if similar actios is not taken in M—bourne our efforts will be nullified. The president of the Board of Health is also communicating on the subject. Oar Melbourne correspondent telegraphed on Friday night that the Victorian Central Board of Health have decided that all vestels anivingfrom Tasmania must be quarantined, and the passengers detained for 15 days from the date of the vestaTa Bailing. Cargo and mails will be fumigated before being landed. The recently-formed Lindsay Ruby Prospect ing Company dispatched a party to the scene of the alleged discovery of rabies on Friday. The men proceeded by train to the north, and at Strargways Springs they will take camels and go on to the field, Mr. G. S, Lindsay wii lead the party, which includes one man who lias had considerable experience on the 3 >ath African dianvnd fields, and another who iccpntly returned fro_: the Kirn barley gold fifcl "s. The men, who have been well ejalppel and provisioned for six m->ntt_, will be met on tbe fit-Id by Mr. D. Lindsay, who left tbe Northern Territory a week ago for the scene of tbe work. The births and deaths registered in the General Register Office daring the week ended Saturday. Snjiterober 2-1, numbered :—Births — 122 males, 94 females; ileaths—4o males, 22 females; total-^l6 births, 02 deaths. Excels of births, 164. The figures for tbe district of Adelaide were—Births—22 mal-s. 26 fern lies; deaths—l 4 males. 6 females ; total—4B births, 20 deaths. Excess of births, 28. A meeting of the Adelaide Hospital Biard was held on Friday, there being present —The Don, J Cotton (in tbe chair), the Hon. M. Salom. M L.C., Messis. K. T. Smith, M.P., C. Giles. M P., F Basedow, M.P., W. Cither, T. Graves, Drg Robertson ar.d Stirling. The following contributions were reported:— Flowers from children attending Kent Town Wesleyan Church Sunday school; conies of Nineteenth CcrUury, from Mr. A P. Pendle tr.n ; £10 from Federated Stewards' and C >oks' Udiod, Port Adelaide. A report was received from Dr. Nefbit unfavorable to the disinfect ing chamber at Terrene Inland as a model for oce to be built at tbe hospital. The house surgeon's report for the fortoigbt ended 3ep tenib-r 29 was as follows:—Number ot patients admitted, 61; discharged, 60; died, 6; n>w in hospital. 165; outpatients treated, 253. of whom (>4 were new. Causes of death—Senility (2), epithelioma, phthisis pulmonitis, ulcer of duodenum and peritonitis, hydatid of liver. The Mount Jiarker Courier, of September 30, says:—Four, five, and cix years ago Messrs. Neil Macintosh and F. T. Cornelius used to bring hundreds of pounds of worth of horses every year from the border districts of Vic toria to tbe Adelaide market. Since the malice lands about Nfaiil, Kaniva, and other Wimmera centres have been cold the order of things has been reversed, and now the Vic torians are customers for South Australian stock. Just as well too, for within the colony sales are now next to impossible. Messrs. Cornelias _ Co. have just got rid of about 60 horses to a Nhill buyer at an aggre gate price of about £750 Although three years ao o tbe san c beasts would have fetched at least £1,600 it is pleasant to note a move in this description of stock. The bargain has been concluded, a deposit paid, and at 6 o'clock next Friday morning the difficult work of trucking them will be begun at Tailem Bend, to which place they will be travelled by way of Welling ton punt from their various homes, Tois _ the second lot Mr. Cornelius has placed in the same locality and probably other cinsignments will follow. The half-yearly meeting of the Glen Osmond Ouany Company was held in the Santo Boild ings on Friday. Mr. A Hardy beinz in the chair. Tbe directors' report stated that while the demand for building stone had decraased during the cix months, there had been a great itnprove_ent in the demand for road metal, both unbroken and crushed for screenings, and also for paving-stone, the total sales baring risen from 4,673 in the previous half-year to C 823 tons for the half-year ended August 3L The balance sheet showed that the re ceipts for the half year had been £931 Ss. Sd. and the expenditure £1,053 lis. 91, the balance to the debit of profit and loss being £1,912 3s. lid. The chairman moved the adoption of the _ report and balance-sheet, stating that tbe increased sale of metal was satisfactory. The expenditure had been kept lower than previously. There seemed to be a prospect of improvement _ the building trade arjd the return of confident -hie— appeared to be setting in, and the lowering of tbe rate of bank deposits would probably lead to the invest—test of more money ia buildings, Mr. AE. Frankell seconded tbe motion, which was carried. Mr. J. Harvey was appointed auditor in place of Mr. G. F. Gardiner. A general meeting of shareholders in the Parkside Tramway Company was held at Pirie Cbavntwre on Friday, the Hon. W. O. Bait, MLC. presiding. The directors in their report for the six months eniiog August 31, drew attention to the satisfac tory result of tbe half-year* working, tbe rrc-ipts showing an increase on those of the previous half-year, whilst the expenses had been atmoet the same. The balance on profit and loss was £1,000 T?. Id., oat of which tbe directors recommended the pay ment of a dividend of Is. Sd. on the old shares atd la 1 jd. on tbe new. sneb dividend to be payable on November 1 Tbe mtnsger(__. W. Sanders) reported that daring the past half-year the cars bad run 9,717 trips each way, earring 267,872 passengerr, providing accommodation for 882,368; 2150 trip* bad been run through to Glen Osmond. There were 12 cars and 48 horses in stock. The horses were well and in good condition, being valued at £16 per head. The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet, said the management of the line had been as economical as possible. Mr. K. Sadler seconded, and suggested that a bonus of £IS should be paid to the manager. Tne report war adopted, and a vote of £3 —i. each was made to the auditors. In the ante-room at Garner's Theatre to night will be exhibited a novelty of a peculiarly sensational kind—an attractive young lady performing with makes. Senorita A_loretti is the daughter of a naturalist, and from an early period of her career became accustomed and attached to the most dangerous and venomous of reptile*. At a private view on Friday even-' ing we saw this young snake charmer take from a box half a dozen living snakes —some of the tcoet deadly kind, and fondle and caress them as another person would a favorite bird. These included the Australian species of whip and brown and tbe Indian rock snake. Theharmle— diamond and carpet snakes also formed part of the group. The charmer remarked when exhibiting one kind, "If yen were bitten by this you would be dead in 20 minutes," an ess-ranee which stifled the curiosity of the listener* to make a dose inspection of the varmint. Tbe largest snake that she performs with measure* 8 feet long, and is as thick round as a lady** wrist. It is a curious eight to witness the venomous creatures entwining then—elves about the wrists or neck of their charmer, and tc ace them put their deadly month* to her lips on the invitation to " Kit* me, my love." They seem to exhibit an affection for her that would certainly be tronbleeome t> anyone but a person gifted with a secret understanding with the repolee. and we observed that when she smoothed and care-Kd them they seemed to "purr" like a cat, as though her caresses afforded them infinite pleasure. Sometimes, however, there is a _-_-_—ome member of the snake family who shows fight, and on the oa——on of tbe last eight boat** celebration in Sydney the eenorita was bitten by one of these, and had to apply her antidote. She volunteers to tame any snake that may be brought to her of whatever description, and before the 'eyes >f the spectators, her only condition being that the snake shall become her property. The venomous kinds always retain their poison fangs, as Senorita Amoretti and her manager contend that it is impossible to extract the fangs of a snake with out causing the death of the reptile. There is nothing repulsive in the exhibition except the feeling of abhorrence of the reptile itself, and the practical result of the display is that every visitor is presented gratis with " the serpent queen's " recipe for snake bite. She states that this is *n infallibleantidoteif applied to the spot where the victim has been bitten; and as the summer is approaching when snakes will be more numerous than now, such a recipe should be worth possessing. There is no doubt that the levees of the serpent quesn will be largely attended. We take the following from the Newcastle Morning Chronicle of a recent date: —" The creditors of Sir Henry Parkes have resolved to forgive him all his debts, amounting to about £50,000." The Floral and Industrial Exhibition and sale of goods in St. Paul's school, Flinders street, waa again well patronised on Friday, when Mrs. Rnsaell distributed the prizes to the various exhibitors. The net proceeds amounted to about £20, tbe balance of which, after paying off the deficit, will be pat into a reserve fund for the next year's exhibition. As inquest will be held at the King's Head Hotel this morning on the body of Mr. John Baker's niece, who was run over by a cart a little while ago, and who suc cumbed to the injuries she received there. She bad been attended by Drs. O'Connell and Robertson, but despite their endeavors the child died a little after 4 o'clock on Friday -coining. The following orders were issued from the Staff Office on Friday:—The following pro motions are sanctioned—B Company, Lance- Corporal Weise to be corporal; A Company, Sergeant-Corporal Holliday to be corporal; A Company, Corporal J. Walsh, Ltace- Corporal Weir to be sergeants; 2nd Battalion A.R7, X Company, Corporal Slater to be sergeant; Reserve, Corporal Kennedy to be sergeant. The annual tea and entertainment given by members of the Willing Workers' Company to the inmates of the Destitute Asylum took place on Thursday. The following assisted at the entertainment, which consisted of songs, reritatians, and a scene entitled "Times' In vestiga-—as'':—Misses Bosher (2), Wallis (2), LeOornu (2), Bohlmeyer, Ross, and Nicholls, Messrs. Bosher, A. T. Bosher, C. Hale, and Murray. Mr. Twelftree occupied the chair. We have been shown a silver cup made by Messrs. Stevenson Brothers, of Rundle street, to the order of the Ma_L>o_sell Ranges Tarf dob. The cap is called the " Flint Memorial Cup," in memory of ttte late Mr. Flint, station master at Alice Springs, who died recently. It will be run for at the Christ-ias meeting of the club, to be bald on December 26 and 27 next. 3h.e cup is in the form of aclaretjag,au_ consists of -coated silver weighing 40 oz, It is a departure from the generality of cups in form, and will be on view for some time to come at the establi-hmeni of the makers. Gamer'a^Rooms were again filled on Friday night, when the performance was well received throughout. This evening there is an entire change of programme, and Mr. Oscar Smith, the comedian, dancer, and ventrilo quist, will make bis reappearance. Little Ida Heath will give her clever dances, and Oazalo, the flying trapeze artist, will perform his sen rational acts in addition to Tommy Hudson, Dave Gardner, Mirs Ada Maven, and other members of the company appearing in ne? songs, dancer, and comicslities. The monthly meeting of the executive ennurittee of the Home for Incurables was held at the church office on Thursday. Dr. Wylde being in the chair. A warrant for the month for £185 was pa_ed for payment. The treasurer reported a balance on the wrong side. The state-teat -bowing how greatly funds were needed. It was reported that Messrs. E. _ W. ffackett bad kindly presented a number of youog trees, and that gifts of rags, either linen or C-tton. were mort acceptable. Ooe application for admission was granted. Tbe secra _ry reported C 9 inmates, 2 vacancies, C waiting. Tbe Semaphore Institute was packed in every part on Friday evening when the musical operetta "_£sop" and the tableau " Federa tion" were repeated by the children of the Lefevre'e Peninsula Model school. After the performance, which was much appreciate!. Mr, H. W. Thompson asked the assembly to show their satisfaction at the children's efforts by hearty applause. He referred to the high state of perfection which the children had attained. Major Plummer, the head-aster, returned —tanks, and spoke in terms of great praise of the valuable work done by Me_ra. W. P. Stokes and J. Williams. In answer to loud calls Mr. Stokes, the stage-manager, appeared before the cur—in and responded. The quarterly social in connection with tbe Ft. John's Young Men's Society was held on Wednesday eveningin-needtoolroom, Halifax street east, when by invitation of the members several visitors assembled to p-s--_? of light refreshment. In the absence of Canon Poole, Mr. F. H Stokes preside-. The toast of "The St. John's Ambulance Association," given by Mr. Southcott, was responded to by Major Hunt, who eulogised the success attending tbe classes recently held in connec tion with the Young Mens Society. ".The Literary Societies' Union," by Mr. S. Best. was replied to by Mr. Hussey, who expressed bis approval of the interest tbe press was beginning to take in the onion's ___al Other toasts followed. Songs by Mi?rora. Pa—ridge, Raine, Bristowe, and -Sootheo—, and redta tions by Messrs. Grundy and Hocking, en livened the proceedings. An inquest was held at the Elephant and Castle Hotel, West-terrace, on Friday after noon, on tbe body of a colored man named Harry Davis, alias Black Harry, who died suddenly on Wednesday in the Ship lan. Currie-street. From the evidence adduced it appeals that the roan was a licensed bawkec. but spent his evenings playinj; tile banjo and accompanying it with songs. On the day of bis death he complained of being hungry, say ing that he bad not bad any food for two or three days. The landlord of the Ship Inn thereupon gave him some bread and cheese, but after be bad swallowed a mouthful or so he was soddeoly taken ill, sod the la-dlord sent for the police. Within a —_mt_> or two alter their arrival the man died. Dr. Poatton, who made a post-mortem examinat—_ of the body, deposed that the cause of death was doe to* rupture of an aaeuris m, and the Jury found a verdict accordingly. The last performance of " Alone in London" was given at tbe Theatre Royal on Friday evening, when there was another good house, and Mr. Bland Holt and his company completed a very satisfactory and finaneiaUy bumiassf al season. They all sail for New Zealand to day. This evening Mr. Locke Richard una will appear at the Royal, and will give a eerie* of very infer—stiiig recitals, including wHwf-ions from Dickens, "Nicholas Niddeby;" Ohaa. Lever, "Mickey Free;" Tom Hood, "Eugene Aram;" Mark Twain, "An e-traordinary adventure with ca___—ls" irriarellaneoua. " The little red bin" and " Lord Dimdreary." His Excellency the Governor wfll be present, and his £—northe Chief Justice and other in fluential cok—i£—, and no doubt tbe popular reciter wfll receive a full share of pu—is £atr_nsge do_ing tibe conling we—_. LondonSVa-k of August 25 has ihefoUow ing:—"ATorycontamgnrary which it always biaying and __i_—nng, an—ounces that 'when the Bishop of Sydney return* to ins diocese be will find that bis popolarity is on tbe wane.* and adds that D_ Barry 'would not be sorry to exchange the colons-bi- bopric for the deanery of Bochijstr—.' It happens that the Bishop returned to AasttaSa n—re—tan two _tooths ago, so -bat tba allegation about Rochester is manifestly a stupid invention. If Bishop Bury bad refused the See of Sydney he would long ago have been raised to the epis copal be_—i at name; and as he was perfectly aware that a mitre was impending, it may be presume- that be folly considered the whole Suestion before be resolved to go to Australia, t is rather bard, therefbre, that —lis disti_ £ __bcd prelate ahould he a mark for these ig nonunons sneers and inu—tdos." A man named Thomas E_—_y waa charged at the Sydney Central Police Court onToes day with using indecent language to a little girl in Prince AUred Park. He escaped the flogging which Mr. Abbott, tbe magistrate, intended should be admi_—tered to bun, says the Sydney correspondent of the Argus, owing to Mr. Abbott bring unable to secure the attendance of a _eetnd n-^istrate, whose presence waa necessary to farable t__ flogging to be ordered. Tbe magistrate therefore proceeded to deal with tbe prisoner, whom he addressed as follows:— "As you see, it requires two magistrate* to flog you, but I can tell yon -his, that if I were the father of __b_-e girl and bad heard yen emit the awful and i_oaring wards which aie attributed to you, there would have been no need for troubling even one magis trate. I wonld not have latt a shred of akin -pon your worrhlnm back. You appear to be a la-civiou? brute, and a blackguard of tbe most depraved sod degraded type, a disgrace to tbe name of man. If I Bad an-tber magistrate beajdeme I woolf I give yon SO lathee You are fined £5, or three _-___* hard labor. I only regret that I c-B-otmake it three yean. Take him away." Tbe annual meeting of sub-_ib__ to the ——panda Hospital was held at the local institnte on Th——day afternoon. There was just a quorum present, the chairman of the board of management (Mr. J. Small) pret-ding. The h_ance_heet and re port, which were adopted, showed that tbe receipts amounted to -1,553 Ids. 7<L, mclnding a bank overdraft of £41 Is. 7d. The expe__tnre amounted to £1.087 16s. 3d., there being a fixed deposit of £200 with tbe -tank of Adelaide. The average number in the hosp—al for the year was 143, the maxunam number being 31 in December, 1886, and the minimum number 9in May, 1887. The amount received from paying patients during the year was £70 6s. 3d., being £10 18s. 6d. more than last year, the payments varying from Ss. to 21s. per week. Only 19 out of the 128 treated contributed towards their rn_rton*noa. Messrs. Benham, A Thomaom, T. Green, Jan., and J. Small were (according to the Kaptmi% Herald) re-elected members of the board of management. Messrs. Lewis and Wyly were re-elected auditors. A vote of thanks was parmrd to the Rev. J. M. Dona -—no, {he late "frn 5—"?~ for services readered to the __—itation; also to Mrs. —Sail, tbe matron, for exertion in collecting sahscrip tions towards placing additional —unitore _i the hospital. Votes of thanks were also pasted to the medical officers, Dr_, Hamilton and Pentland, to which Dr. Hamilton respondeda stating that be hoped to have a cc-lasgoe in a, fortnight to take the place of Dr. Pentta-d. The nsnal votes of thanks to the board of -ny.a—_m#>nt _o_ the f__—ft emnmittnn f^wd the badness. At—te close of the annual meet ing the newly-elect-d board tat for the first time, and re-elected Mr. Small ?*???_—_. In the Pitti Palace, at Florence, is a table which, for originality in the matter of con struction and g-as—iness in conception, i* probably without a rival. The Medical Prat and Circular _?y*:—lt was made by Giuseppe SaKgatts, who passed sever—l years of fats fife in _-, ——oufactu—__ To the casual observer it gives the impressk— of a carious mosaic of marbles of different shades and colors, for it looks like polished stone. In ' reality it ib composed of human mnacles and viscera. No less than a bundeed bodies were requisitioned for the material.. The table is round and about a yard in diameter, with a pedestal and four claw feet, the whole being formed of petrified human remains. The ornaments of the pedestal ate made from the intestines, she daws with hearts, livers, and lungs, the natural color of which is pre served. The table top it construe-— of muscles artistically arranged, and it' ia bordered with upwards of a hundred eyes, the effect of which is said to be highly artistic, since they retain all their lustre and seem to follow the observer. Sagatti died about 60 years ago. He obtained Ids bodies bom the hospitals and indurated them by impregnation with mineral salts. To add to thehorror which such a piece of furniture is calculated to inspire in tbe minds of moss people, the fate of Count Bittaboo*, its last osmer, may be related. On Christmas Eve he and his friends were playing card* on the table when suddenly he jumped up, pale and agi tated, overcome by the fixed gaze of these petrified eyes. Yielding to a sodden attask of violent mania, he stabbed himself and fell upon the table. IDs heirs, as may bs imagined, were very pleased to sell this faaereal obje—to the Government, who installed it ia its present situation. _ 