? I FLSTF.RN'WICK PARK will claim attention on fiatrrday when the Brighton Cup, with its 300 SOVB added money, will form the chief attraction. [ RETTINO on the Australian Cup was very brisk on [ Cftturday evening at the Victorian Club. Eleven J hundred to 200 was accepted about Trident for the two I miles and a-quarter event, after which 500 to 100 was 1 booked; 1200 to 200 being snapped up about Nelson. First Game was supported for the Newmarket Handicap, 12000 to 100 being the figures; whilst Abner—who was I ijurcbased by Mr. Hamilton Osborne on being submitted I {,,, auction after winning the Sapling Stakes at the I q Autumn Meeting of 1885, for £810, and on Saturday ! won the Welter Handicap at Liverpool, N.S.W.—came | under notice at 1000 to 50. | MAXIM and Nelson arrived from New Zealand by [the Wairarapa on Wednesday, and the former—a I beautiful colt—has joined his stable companion Lophiel |at Cbarley Ivimy's. Mitrailleuse and Soldier's Wind I reached Flemington, from Sydney, on Saturday, and I took up their quarters at Paddy Pigott's, Kensington. ilselBonie located at Mr. R. Mitchell's Racecourse Hotel, land looks in blooming condition. Arsenal, First Game, (The Wreck and The Orphan put in an appearance on IFridaj', and were taken to Mr. R. Donovan's Pastoral (Hotel. The Melbourne Cup winner looks a bit " jolly," I THE scorching weather experienced on Saturday Ilastliada prejudicial effect on the attendance at Caul- Ifleld, where the Victoria Amateur Turf Club held their I February meeting. The racing generally was of a highly I interesting character, and if the result of the Oakleigh J Handicap left matters as they were with regard to (shedding any light on the Newmarket Handicap, the Ifact tbat the winner negotiated the five furlongs and la-balf in 1 min. 9J sec—exactly the same time as William ITell ran the distance in last year—would lead one to the •conclusion that a bit of a " bloomer" was committed when ISurprise was withdrawn from the Newmarket Handicap tin which ho was very leniently treated with 7st. 21b.—31b. (less than he carried in the Oakleigh Handicap. The |6port commenced with a Selling Race, of half-a-mile, for •which Ariel (7 to 4) was most fancied of the twelve Irunners, and Mr. C. L. Macdonald's lucky star being still lin the ascendant, the chestnut gelding won comfortably Iby half- a-length in 50| sec., Liddington being second, and IThe Ghost third. Nineteen started for the Oakleigh •Handicap, five furlongs anda-half. Surprise being backed Idown to 5 to 2, whilst Chicago (3 to 1) and Master John |{6tol)also received genuine support. Maddelina delayed •the start through fractiousness at the post, but when Ithey were finally despatched, the field—with the lexception of Bonnie Doon—got away on pretty equal fterms, Hot Iron, Munwyrtina, Magnifier, St. Leonard and •Surprise being amongst the leading division. Approachling the turn, Master John came out of the ruck •followed by Devotion, and leading the filly into the •straight by half a length looked all over a winner until IGorry, on Surprise, came with a well-timed run inside the jdistance, and won by a head; Chicago third, a length and la half away. Time, lmin. 9J sec. A weak field of nine in the IHurdle Race, one mile and a-half, caused Huntsman to |be a strong favourite for that event at 5 to 4, 5 to 2 being loffered against Encore, whilst Spartan and Louis received [Blight attention at 7 and 8 to 1 respectively. The ffavourite went to the front at the fall of the flag, followed Iby Encore, Mirth and Louis; but passing the StandMirth •tog m command, Louis being half a length behind him •Ascending the hill Louis and Encore were racing [together three lengths in advance of Mirth and Huntsiman, lievenge being apparently outpaced. Passing the •swl wall, Louis, Spartan and Encore had matters to •themselves, and they finished in that order, Spartan, ivrno had run a great horse throughout the race, only vunenng defeat by a nose, Encore beiug a length and a (flalf away. Time, 3min. 2sec. The Criterion Stakes, of £c;iH r r ngs ', . brou E bt out eight two- year-olds, the consent torm displayed by Bedouin causing the Hon. W colt to see as short a price as 5 to 4, Casuist whUst Albert Loddon and Wilara SJ? } each " s - G - Cook ' s Liedertafel Bednnh, • ^ ^ove away from the post, but Ivimy on bv & qmckl^eP° sed ber - he in turn being supplahted S f f i A r 1 « b 1 ert , L< £ don ' However, entel&g; the S nf he Black G , l P s y colt again heldT the IfluartpfR nf C i 6 °X er A^e's brother by three- K 'Ll, 11 , - len e th ; ^t Hales, displaying consum- MaS e nnl rals l u ?' managed to get on terms with him anSwW a m9 lever victory by a head, Wilara Q W t e i Time, 1 min. 3Jsec. There were out for the Steeplechase, two miles and Each t ¥ se Studley and Promotion were at 4 to 1 Ea 5 l ? Roulette 6 to 1, Marmion 7 to 1 lwffldSt 6 f t0 L t0 the horses not Staving a h E t rp f0r r reaching the first fence, four of them Salesman and Huntsmanken he h S led i°?, ab i > , ut a mile and three-quarters, Pwmotion f^fA a - nd , Stu , dle ?, took the leadership, with field at thf i ^i u ® hard ^"thal. Goodwood headed the freaten cantpv^ f« Bce . and . ^vin g his opponents dead lengths Clff d ^o? 16 an easy winner by a couple of te d fecond honn , e 1H . fea tmg Studley by three lengths for Tm Kican a f', 3 ®' Smin. 37sec. The Hawksburn Fetty i 1 a ' <l^ter and a distance, was pkrted at 9 ti i l^i 81^00 thing for Lord Wilton, who tbe otber Pritisher n nfl r nine contestants feieads «T,l Le ?V ia ' at 3 to 1 each, found plenty of MBritifiW i • Iord was evidently not i' the vein, hcameXnn"^9 variably performs well at Caulfield hls NaeUy bv thvl Worses a t the home-turn and won Ng^ fe^f^uarters of a length, King of the West g and min.29j a ' half m advance of Lesbia. Time, tow fitted by auction after the Selling Mr. Robert M^ 0^, i n for Mr. C. L. Macdonald by imidfali to tw i eH f ' l g ure being £150-a welcome the coffers of the V.A.T.C. of £140. PeOaSfiioft^. Johtl ' s excellent performance in « bein EV»rv ? ndlca P on Saturday he must be ticketted nth Gst on his back 61 ' 0US m the Newmarke t Handicap arn^f r acer Mirth has been an unfortunate £pt, at Ek+p, 1 ' 0 1 ie Hurdle Race-if I mistake 5?°. st Par exalted k -the handicappers formed a f e ?gbt oil him * 11 011 of bis ! capabilities, and kept the r !eav e the P er <astently. Mind you I do not wish F an "stiff-" fff 8 * on any one's mind that he never ,? ertaiu] y never ran so stiff as he is ^S such sevm 0 i5 bl J n 8 at the last hurdle and sustain- June THE B that he had to be destroyed. not Hurdle fancy Louis' show for the — ' nej ther did Morrison and Co. anticipate «lev r don^dL U^-^Uniu . f ? the Cri tenon Stakes. "And if Australian to^ie, h^v' in e Se 1 uame a of e J st , w l 1^e South be expected to do it? 5 ihadbut^^^^^^ ° aU " if." ' " UJ y< there s much virtue in an in?he B L r ttof RS e Ste P fP ledias « 5 but as she wasn't in the hunt? afbeit flnisMng fourth ^ i L ^ ' TM riders of Framlingham and Salesman in the s severe S ^ iaii f at ^ the ^ r first , " obstacle, h W " the S " Cox-^perienced former Wpivino a n and f Bin err^lym i U1 ' e^ jt is feared perma3y Allen and Kain who rode Moonl ght and Huntsman WPTP severely shaken, but escaped with a few bmises ' \- A 1 Logo's Abner has been introduced S^tUOtft i°n^he Ne^arket Handled and now Btanas at 100 to o in the quotations. Mitrailleuse Lochiel Volcano and William Tell are at 100s to lO wbHst Master Skedto?i C r. ar A ea t tl(^St0^each -^^Tffithasbeen oacKea to wm the Australian Cup at 5 to 1 and B,fW Nelson had received some support at 8 to 1? he receded to for tb«S e< ? ; ?TJ 0 been taken about Klnneth tor the Newmarket Handicap in one hand. de^r d^s r nwick Park Races must be (SurSf y r LATE English files inform us that Mr. Charles «« ?® Iebl ; ated liBt man away back in the forties, passed m his checks on 23rd December. He owned ttoniJ'fii^? W01 ? tbG Derby ' and in thiB connec T^ ^V * an l d y l some quarter of a century) how w h .°Y aB0ffered the mount on Caractacus W «f d if :^ W, hat h T e considered a much better one.and ^the stable boy J. Parsons, told his master that if he would let him ride " Cracky" in the Derby he could win, as a n >' thin g for him, and how his master consented and how "Cracky" did win. One of the jockeys who rode in the race stated that Parsons f£. e i U 1? nt ! y s , poke t° ^e horse during the running, and that he stroked and patted him on the neck, encouraging him with such words as "Get along, • Cracky,'" and Good lad, ' Cracky,"' which the horse seemed to understand and obey That the horse and the boy were very fond of each other was quite apparent to anyone who saw them together. " Cracky's" starting price was 100 CO Of WE are promised some startling revelations in ^ngland shortly concerning certain horses generally supposed to belong to a notable Turfite. It seems (says the Bat) that the late Fred. Archer was a partner in them all, and as under the Jockey Club rules all such partnerships must be registered at Weatherby's, the omission may occasion the disqualification of the winner of more than one important Autumn handicap. The same authority is responsible for the statement that the late i'l-ed Archer lost thirty thousand pounds in bettine during the past racing season. YET another illustration of the liberality of sporting men in matters of charity was afforded in connection with the recent life-boat calamity at Southport England. A subscription, limited to £1, 'from the merubers of the Victoria and Albert Clubs in London, resulted in £86 being handed over to the fund. MR. LINDE, according to popular vote and ;public estimation "the best all-round sportsman in Ireland -on being requested to give his ideas about raising the minimum racing weight to 6 stone, returned an answer that the English Jockey Club rule excluding Irish horses as if they belonged to Russians and not to subjects of Her Most Gracious Majesty, speaks for itself: and that under the circumstances he must be slow to express an opinion on the rules of racing in England." Nasty jar this for Mr. John Bull, and all the more stinging because of its truthfulness. I have previously drawn attention to the mean subterfuges resorted to by English patrons and cricketers to secure a victory over the Australians . " ;' and ~ now """ this placing of ui Ireland 1LC1H.UU in iu the IU 1 position position of of a fnr^irm foreign country rnnntw in in reference rflforan/iafn to the running ..ti.i.-.;.^ o its horses in England tends still further to prove tha Englishmen are losing very largely that reputation for fair play which was wont to be their proudest boast. FROM the Manchester Sporting Chronicle I glean that the most important of tbe lots submitted by the Messrs. Tattersall at Newmarket on the 18th December were the horses comprising the small but select stud of the late F. Archer. Childeric, who cost the popular jockey 1900 guineas at the sale of Lord Falmouth's stud, was knocked down to Mr. Hobman for 740 guineas and he joins the Middle Park stud. Of the matrons, Grecian Bride, who is only four years old, attracted much attention, and she was purchased by Mr. Weatherby presumably for the foreign market. John Porter, the Kingsclere trainer, purchased the brood mare Hazy, by Hermit out of Fog, well within her value for 440 guineas. The total realised for the stud of the deceased iockev J was £3570. ' ACCORDING to the same authority the total value of stakes won during 1886, calculated according to the rules of racing, exclusive of matches and private sweepstakes (which amounted to £3580) was—In England. £389,486 lis.; in Scotland, £8005 10s.; and in Ireland, £10,591 7s. In 1874 the amount won in stakes was—In England, 306,95819s.; in Scotland, £8316; and in Ireland, £11,876. In 1884 the amounts were—In England, £381 857 17s.; in Scotland, £7916 4s.; and in Ireland, £10,447 9s. 2d. These sums do not include prizes to second and third horses. IF George Augustus Sala is to be believed, the 5 colonists have all the sporting propensities of Englishmen, only more so. The interest taken in cricket rowing, and all sports down to prize fighting by the English people is felt in Australia, but in a much more acute form. To see a real fine show the colonists will pay a good stiff figure; and British " sports," if they only have a little luck, should pick up the gold without the trouble of digging for it. Well, all I have to say is- that might have been true once upon a time; but nowadays the British "sport" who comes out to the land of the Golden Fleece has to keep a sharp look out that he doesn't go home shorn. WE are promised a visit from John L. Sullivan, " the Yankee slogger," and I therefore quote a clipping from an English exchange giving an old un's opinion of the champion knocker-out:—" What do I think of the big feller ? Well, I've seen some pretty good men in my day, both in this country and across the water, but I'll tell you this man Sullivan is the cream of 'em all in my eyes. I've bein' a-watching him ever since he put Flood out of the way in the fight which took place on a hay barge floating about on the Hudson River. I saw him lick Ryan at Mississippi City and every fight he's been in since then, until he put the winkers on Mr. Herald at Pittsburg. I've been a-standin' round somewhere when the trick was done, and without a single exception he's the cleverest man I ever saw. Many people seem to think that brute strength is the only thing he has. Why it's all a mistake; he's as clever as any at the business! Because he's so big you can't appreciate his cleverness but all you've got to do is to watch his feints and counters and tell me who can show up prettier Besides lie' s the hardest hitter I ever saw, and when lie puts the' big right hand where it belongs I tell you the man that gets it generally knows after he comes around that he's been to a fight. Now take the big feller in comparison with the men he has whipped. What punishment has he ever received ? None. He was the first to use the knock-out blow on the point of the face, and there is none who can work the same game so effectively. The truth is, Sullivan is a careful, scientific fighter, without an equal on the face of the globe. Now Ryan just waited and waited for a match until he was in the pink of condition, hoping to catch John out of fix. Well, they met in 'Frisco, and what was the result? Why, Ryan tried to do the rushin', and, in spite of his good condition, winded himself in the first round. That was exactly what Sullivan wanted, for he watched his chance and sent that big right of his home at an even pace, knocking his man out, and then deliberately stooped and lifted Ryan to his feet and carried him to his corner. When he did this Sullivan was as fresh as a daisy." CARDS are out for the wedding of Charlev Mitchell and Miss Louisa Moore, a daughter of the senior partner in Moore and Burgess' Minstrels; the lady beine W right considerable money in her own ON leaving New York for Australia, L E Myers, the champion runner of the world, is reported to have said that his ambitiou was to defeat T. M. Malone who IB the recognised champion of Australia. Well' things have altered since last December. Charlie Samuels, the Queensland aboriginal, is now the champion f l ^ w i ^ ' ^ ^ 8 V U have a11 llis work cut out for him to defeat the darkey at short distances. Myers is also credited with stating that he expected a general exodus of Western professionals during the wintor and that "Australia would be the head-centre of foot racine for some time to come." God forefend. What sins of omission or commission have we been guilty of to merit such a fearful punishment ? TARPOT, of the aboriginal cricket team coached by Tommy Wills, could scud along a merry fifty yards backwardB, but news reaches us from the old country FP^.a novel walking match has been ratified, although it will not be brought off until May next. Mr. J. Alcock. bLfrZ?.!?. 8^1?' h as bftcked himself , to walk 50 miles A Z T ' i? t 7 e ' ve consecutive hours"for £50 a-side, at P t rk ' G °S dou ' Mr - J - Morton, of Macclesfield. t h * e bac K er of Tl ™ e M - r - Alcock, who is now 44 _ a f e ' haB Previously demonstrated that he is rather a clever performer at this style of walking as about eight years ago, he undertook to walk twenty-four rmJes backwards in six hours for a large sum of monev, HIS? w® nt £ lace at Pom oiTa Gardens, Manchester. He won his Let easily, and should he show up in the same way excellent as he did on that occasion he may as easily achieve another victory. MB, D. C. COLLARD, of Baringhup, was selected rli, season of the Victoria Coursing Candidate ? a; gue11 . w . as eIect ed slipper, Mr. R. Banner, Position for many years, not being a COURSING men will be sorry to hear that Mr. J B. Scott, proprietor of Sherwood Park, has announced his intention of retiring from the sport. The whole of his kennel of greyhounds are shortly to be sold. THE Intercolonial Cricket Match between Victoria and South Australia, which resulted on Mondav in the Vies, winning by 144 runs, was another exemplification of the fact that Sam Morris' luck in the matter of trophies is dead out. In the match against the Svdnev as < i D S?ember, Sam just got pipped fbr the bowling trophy by Turner (of New South Wales) through wretched fielding; aud in the match under notice Midwinter hipes him again in a most curious mauner ior a similar souvenir. In each innings Morris secured a better analysis tlian Midwinter, and yet when they are lumped together the Sandhurst giant comes out best. In the first innings Morris took four wickets for 59 runs, Midwinter one for 26. In the second innings Sam got five for 21; Middy, five for 22. But Morris nine wickets cost him altogether 80 runs, whilst Midwinters 6ix were obtained for 48; Middy's average oryou f UUS Per wicket ' and Mol ' ri8 ' 6 8'8. There's rnozzel CON. DWYER, the Victorian champion bicyclist, lias been called upon by the Victorian Cyclists' Union to explain his conduct in competing with English professionals in: the test matches between professionals and amateurs, which took place in Sydney on the 5th and 12th inst. It seemfe rather a trifling matter to make a fuss about, "J 011 have rules you should obey them. On the other hand, in New South Wales a cyclist does not lose bis amateur status by competing against professionals, and if the V.C.U. decide that Dwyer shall be made a fearful example of by being decreed a professional it will almost look like as if in bicycling, as in most other sports, there are wheels within wheels. THE friends of Charley Samuels, the Queensland aboriginal, are willing to back him against W. Clark, 150 yard6, for any part of £1000. " The money speaks." OLYMPUS. 1 ^he great '— ' ' ^ustiaii^^al game of cricket is making rapid strides rS? stt of ke vrorV Australians can hold their own w^rialsT,, (l00d cricket cannot be played without Sr^eet east Sl Se ? re ^PPlied by Boyle and Scott, 41 0 Z^i by Mr made specially to order, and b a of the ts, thf Australian eleven, some really Ver Bent to over Innn j.u Australia. Cricketers can fflortment of LaWo, e .^gest Stock in the Colonies. Larg • wa emu °or sport B Materials, and every requisite for 