SERMONS BY BISHOP GOE . The morning service at St. James's Cathedral yesterday was conducted by Bishop Goe. The sermon was based upon the exclamation of tho Queen of Sheba, when on her first visit to tho temple and dominion of Kin? Solomon— u Be- hold, the half was not told me/' 1st Kings, 10th chapter and 7th verse. Tho Bishop remarked that the 6tudcnt of biblo history lingered with delight on the glories of tho early years of tho reign of King Solomon. It was in his roigu that God's kingdom in tho world, for such was Israel, reacbod its highest pitch uf splendor and majesty. From that point they looked down upon this career ot the'! Shepherd King, 'ihe territorial dominion of ' Solomon was great, and it was a period of pro found peace. Tho king's will was ouorinuiis, and tho marvellous wisdom given to him by God, in answer to prayer, extended to all natious. The sacred uamuivoi preserved to them a record of the visit of the Queen of Sheba 4„t o King Solomon to see, hear, learn, wonder and adore. The, words of tho text was the exclamation of that Queen when she beheld the mugnidcenco of King Solomon. It was the tendency of rumor to grow in the tolling, but lor onco rumor had not exaggerated. Iler many tongues had failed to convey an adequate impression to the Queen of the splendor and magnificence of which she had been told. But they recollected the humiliating experience of Solomon, as told by him iu Ecclesiastics. lie told them of his house, gardens, vineyards and cuttle, of his money and musical instruments, and then said that nil was vanity and voxation of spirit. It was not more substantial than a soap bubble, and in due time tUe bubble burst. There was a marked difTerouce between tho period wbcu Sulorson was visited by the Queen of Sheba, nud that mentioned by the King in Ecclesiastics. In the former case he had the blessing of tho Lord, but in the latter period he had departed from God. Let a man walk with God, then all worldly goods, rank, money, talents, accomplishments strength, or grace had their value, because they were laid us a burnt offering at the fe.-t of Christ and were sanctiGecl. But let a man depart from God, then tho things of this world were lees than nothing and vauity. The blessing of true religion wf.s invested with a peculiar interest by the fact that half hud only been told them. They loved the mystification, for they knew that they would gain more iu the future. If they looked into their hearts they would ilnd that thoy were looking forward for something with which they would be more satisfied than at present. It was said of au ancient potentate that ho wept because lie had no more worlds to conquer. They did not know how far tho etory was true, but, nevertheless, they knew that it was true to nature. He remembered reading the melancholy confession of Lord Chosterfield, who stated that he had enjoyed the pleaourcs of the world, kucw their futility, ana did not regrot their loss. He appraised them at their true value, nnd did not think much of them. He died a little more than a century ago, and seemed to have no more of tho gospel than a pagan ; so true was it thatjhe Holy Ghost alone was the giver of life. True religion led tho soul onward and onward by richer fields of kuowledge, but still the half was ouly told them. The life of Christ was so sweet, His richness so un searchable, and His fulness so inexhaustiblo that he who bad tasted of it was satisfied for tbo present with the expectation of more of the future. Those who came thero that day with the expectation that ho was about to preach a new Gospel would be disappointed. Ho cauio thero to preach the old story of tho Cross, as one which he had ever been privileged to toll, nud be only trusted God would grant him grace to tell it in all its gloriousnes3 and simplicity. Bishop Goe preached in the evening at Christ Church, jSt. Ivildn. Tho Rev. JStauloy Low conducted tho service, and tho caurch was crowded. Tho test chosen was tbo 17th verse of the ICth chapter of St. PauFs Epistle to the- Ilomans, " So then faith coineth by hearing, nnd hearing by tho word of God." The Bishop observed that tho gospel was in this chapter introduced to tho attention of tho Christians in Komo us "tho power of God unto Salvation." Tho apostle gave this august description of it in order to show that he was not ashamed of tho gospel, and in his enunciation ho made this condition, tliat sal vation only camo to him that believed. \ Faith alone could shape that condition of thosoul by which Christ could bo rovoaled, and tho re velation would grow in fulness and fairnoss as faith grew. Ono of the most instructive ex amples of this truth contained in the Scrip tures was to be found iu the short notice which St. Johu gave of St. Thomas in the 20th chapter nnd 31st verso of his gospel. St. Thomas was a man of dull perception, slow and slug gish in his mental movements. When he learned one thing he was highly tonacious thereof, but it was hard, very hard for him to acquire tho next truth. On first acquaintance with St. Thomas ho had learned to love the Lord Jesus Christ bettor than lifo itself. In his readiness to go with Jesus to Jerusalem, where tho Jews were thirst- ing for hi9 Master's blood, St, Thomas showed faith. When, at the last Passover, Jesus told his disciples ho was about to IeaTe them, St. Thomas said, "Lord, we know not whither Thou goest." Tho man's honesty was here to be recognised, as he would not seem to know what he did not know, and desired to have all mado plain. Tho third scune in St. Thomas's life was, when the Shepherd having been smitten and the sheep scattered, Christ rose from tho dead and re vealed himself to his other disciples, in order to make St, Thomas, who was not- present, a sharer in their joy, they told him tho glad news. He replied, " Except lean see His hands, and put my fingers into tho priut of the nails, and thrust my hand into His side, I will not believe." At tho next meeting of the disciples Thomas was with them. Again the mysterious prescnco of tho Lord was felt nud seen amongst them. "Reach hither thy liuger," said tho Master, " and bohold my hands. Reach hither thy hand nnd thrust it into my side. Be not faithless, but believe." At. once the mists of doubt and gloom rolled away, and Thomas rose to that conception of tho truth which enabled him to utter tho loftiest expression of faith to be found iu the gospel, " My Lord and my God !" St. John tracod tho progress of faith through Nicodemus, tho woman at the well, nnd tho case of Philip, but ho achieved its crowning triumph iu his description of the confession of Thoma?. If he (the Bishop) were spared to minister in this diocese for any length of time, he would be oiteu heard to speak of faith. The longer he lived the more confident be wa3 ot its importance. Faith should he encouraged and it would grow. There wevu many persons who thought that Christ would ruvoul Himself to iutellect, to rank, wealth, worldly influence, talent and learning, but He would never reveal Himself for those. " Father," said He, " I thank Thee Thou hast hid these thincs from the wise ami prudent, and bust revealed them unto babes." Babes not, of course, in years, but men such as tho Psalmist described when he said, "Tho tnoek will Ho guide in judgment, and tho meek will Ho teach His will," This was tho reason why multitudes of men of science and philosophy remained in iguoraucc or the philosophy ui Christ. Their attainments and learning nourished in them a disposition oi mind hostile to that in which the Father was pleased to reveal himself. If it were true that St. Thomas went to Southern India nnd founded the church thero called the Christian of St. Thomas, it should bo an encouragement to earnest workers. He rejoiced to hear that a meeting of the Sunday school teachers of that pariah was to bo held during the week. Per- j haps gome of the teachers had boys and girls .in | charge who, like St. Thomas, were slow in per ception of the truth. To such he hoped the Lord's dealings with St. Thomas would be of use in bringing tho children to the throne of Christ. It was intended by the Lord Jesus that St. Thomas should be the means o: confirming in the minds of Christians the beiici in tha resurrection. If there was not in : hi> story afforded enough historical evidence of ; tho resurrection, thero was no fact in history I supported by sulllcieut testimony to commend I itself to belief. St. Paul rested tho whole | truth of Christianity on tho resurrection. "If Curist is not risen," said he, "our faith is utterly bad." The fact of the resurrection had b3 >n substantiated, and Christ sat on the right nand of His Father distributing liis blessings Everyone should remember His promise, " If a man love me, let him follow me, and where I am thero shall also my servant be." 