A BOLD SPEECH BY BRAVE JOHN DILLON. HURLING DEFIANCE AT THE GOVERNMENT AND THE LANDLORDS. In the course of a powerful speech at a great land demonstration at Castlerea, on December 7, Mr. John Dillon, M.P., who was received with loud and prolonged cheers, said — Men of Ros common, I am glad and proud to see you here to day in such enormous numbers to show the Go vernment and Dublin Castle (groans), and to show the whole world how much you love Ire land, landlordism, and the laws the English have made for us, aye, to show also to the Government in Dublin Castle, what effect the weak-kneed and contemptible Coercion on which they have now entered has had upon the people of Ireland — the effect which I confidently prophesied it would have, namely, that it has increased by tenfold their determination oo have done with landlordism and Castle Government for ever. Since I have last been in this neighbourhood the Government has undertaken a course of Coercion. (Groans and laughter.) Well all I can say is this— that if they have no greater Coercion to trust to than the proceedings in the Court of Queen's Bench last week (groans and laughter) they will make themselves a laughing-stock to the whole civi lized world. (Cheers.) They served me on Friday week with several large documents to give bail that I should be of good behaviour. (Laughter and groans.) A Voice — The ghost of Forster hangs over them. Mr. Dillon — I am very proud and glad to be lieve that the Castle of Dublin does not think I have been of good behaviour. (Cheers.) A Voice— They insult Ireland when they insult you. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) Mr. Dillon — I know right well every honest Irishman knows that when the Castle is pleased with the conduct of an Irishman he must be a ruffian indeed, and I know perfectly well that a man whom the Castle thinks is behaving badly is veiy often a man whom the Iiish people like best. (Cheers.) But they summoned me to the Court of Queen's Bench to give bail for my good be haviour, and I ventured to say on this day week at Eyrecourt, that 1 should appear in the Court of Queen's Benah and shall appear in the Court of Queen's Bench on Thureday next. (Cheers.) Well I appeared in the Court of Queen's Bench, and I purpose and intend to carry out the very same policy which they object to. (Loud and pro longed cheers.) There is not a single word which I have Suttered, nor a single deed which I have done throughout the whole course of this move ment, which I am not prepared to acknowledge . in the face of England, and. to repeat to-morrow (loud and prolonged cheers), and this proceeding in the Court of Queen's Bench, which has been turned into a mockery and a farce, will end in nothing : but if the Government imagine or think it right to go on with sterner coercion, if they propose to arrest myself or my friends, why the Irish race would rise in protest. (Prolonged cheers.) If the Government have any such idea, all I can say is this — that I have broken no law (cheers), and if they arrest me then I will say to you to-day, and you wait to see if my words do not prove true — if they arrest me they will hold me a very short time. (Prolonged cheers.) And believe me, that in the struggle which I will com mence on the day they arrest me, or one member of the Irish Party — it will not be you, the people of Ireland (cheers), nor the Irish party, the Irish National party, who will go down, but it will be the Tory Government. (Cheers.) And now I will say a word of warning to those men who, in the present struggle, are thinking of taking the side of the landlords and oppressors of the people. I want to say a word of warning to the bailiffs and and all that class of people, or people who will side with the landlords in the coming struggle in this winter in Ireland, and that warning is this — that there is no man in Ireland, England, or Scot land who does not know who will be the Govern ment in Ireland within the next few years. (Cheers.) The little potentai^s of heroes in their own estimation who have the police to keep them to-d.ay, and who think they can ride over the bodies of our people (groans) — I tell these persons that the time is at hand, and very close at hand too, when the police will be our .servants (loud and prolonged cheers), when the Irish police will be taking their pay from Mr. Parnell (cheers), when he will be Prime Minister of Ireland (cheers) ; and I warn the men who take their stand by the side of landlordism and signalize themselves as the enemies of the people that in the day of our power we will remember them. (Prolonged cheers.) The time has gone by when the Government of this country can be op posed to the wishes of the people (cheers), and I warn you that in the struggle that you are going into this winter your enemies have a day of reckoning at hand — that we are not the men to forget who stood up against the people. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) These little men— these little agents — think now because they have the police under their hands to-day that they can defy the people, but we will see in the course of the next two or three years what will be the resultwhen we have the power. (Cheers.) And, as I said# already we will recollect those who stood against the people this winter. I will go further and say that officers of the law who make themselves prominent against the people by their harshness and cruelty, if they want promotion when the Irish Government is in power will have to go elsewhere than to us to look for it. (Cheers.) The people need not be daunted by any steps of the Government, for as sure as fate if the Govern ment arrest us we will overthrow the Government within six months. (Cheers.) I say, therefore, that now is the day, now the hour to destroy the tyranny of landlordism, and assert the freedom of the Irish tenants, I say that this struggle in which we are engaged is as holy a struggle as any nation in the world ever went into. But why ? Because it is a struggle to emancipate labour, and to make the men who create the wealth of the country, and who are the real bone and sinew of nationhood of this country, freemen instead of serfe. (Cheers.) It is a struggle to undo the system set up in this country by William and Cromwell, and under which the Irish people have toiled for near two hundred years. It is a struggle to make the Irish farmer a free man in his home (cheers), instead of being what he has been for near two hundred years, a serf living from day to day in fear of a master who cared little for Ireland and less for him (cheers)— is a struggle to hand over at a reasonable price of redemption the soil of this land on which the farmers of Ireland have laboured, and on which they live, to their possession and to take it from the class who are ravening enemies of our people. (Cheers.) It is a struggle, as I have said, to hand over the possession of the soil of Ireland to the class who labour on that soil, who love their country, and whose fathers have fought for it (cheers) — to make them free, and to emancipate them from the rule of men who swept { away from the Irish farmer nearly all the pro duct of his industry to another country, who reproach us with our poverty, insult us and tell us that our people can't live except on charity. We call on the people this winter — and I am proud to say they are responding to it — to fight for free farms and freedom (cheers), and to fight in order to destroy a system which has eaten into the manhood of our race like a corroding ulcer — a system that has been cursed by every great name' from Swift to the days of Wolf Tone (loud cheers), of Isaac Butt, of Charles Stewart Parnell (cheers), and the great Archbishops of Dublin and of Cashel. (Cheers.) We call for you to fight for freedom, and in that fight there shall be struggling on our side the memory of every name that is noble in the history of our race and the memory of every true Irishman in the history of Ireland, on which we look back with pride. (Cheers.) Against us is arranged in arms the Castle of Dublin, mar shalling in their ranks every memory that in accursed to Irishmen, and that makes them hang their heads for shame. This battle, I say, is the one which we call on the people of Ireland to fight this winter ; and who that has an Irish heart in his breast can doubt for a moment which side to takej? (Cheers.) I call on the Nationalists of Ireland to aid us in this struggle against the men who hunted them down like dogs in 'G7, for who were foremost in hunting down the 'G7 men but the agents and local magistrates? I call on every Irishman in Ireland and in America (loud cheers) by every memory of his race, by the memory of all his race have suffered, by the black memories of the persecution of the landlords in past generations, to stand by us (cheers), and if the Irish race go into it with the spirit in which they entered into the past struggles the result cannot be be doubtful, and when we come out of the struggle we will remember who were the people's friends and who were the people's enemies, and deal our reward to one and our punishment to the other. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) 