Williamstown Racing Clubs' Meeting Despite the numerous counter attractions prhviddd for pleaBure-seekers on Monday, a large npaibdr>p, parspps t patronised the Eaater meeting of the Willianistown Racing Oiub. The railway arrangements for the transport. of visitors to the coarse were a decided improve ment on those which obtained at any previous gathering. en the "marine" racecourse, and the journey both ways was accomplished with out any inconvenience to passengers. Beyond lsnaiug aaaitionsi tresnness »co sne always i green grass on the course, the effects t Of the recent heavy rains were not 1 noticeable, and the going on the running traek I Was excellent!, The weather which was not of I a very reassuring character early in fine moth- I ing, improved as the day advanced; and as the | afternoon turned o&fc; beautifully fine; the | cd'iog proved most enjoyable. THe racing, j Which was of I, faiHy ihtferestifig discription; j cb&ihhncea; with the Hiirdie Race. O! tho half-dozen runners that went to the post; j preference was shown for Moolgai; and though the favourite appeared to be beaten J at the torn by Plaudit, she came again and cat her lightly- weighted opponent down L without much trouble, and won cleverly, .The -Forsaken was most fancied fob the M&iden; ! Plate, and getting WelLjlwAyi jlnd making j -good fteb Advantage, the rnly ran homd fttt 6&ay; ; winner from Chronograph. Mr. Harper's filly was lucky, however, in obtaining an advan tageous position, for had Kitty Fisher, who was third, not been disappointed in her attempt to get up on the inside, toe result would have been different. Julian Gray and Damocles divided the honours in public estimation rer the Altona Handicap ; bht AchihBfc, who was ridden very cleverly, fairly smothered his opponents in 'the ran home, and won without an effort from Sorcerer. Julian Gray was third, but Damocles failed dismally to run up to expectations. Stafford achieved the easiest win of the day in the Selling Race, and racing men present recognised the merit of his performance by bidding freely for him when he was submitted to auction. The owner's commissioner " stayed " longest, and ultimately the son or iiora> Ltyccon ana ireri was snocKea aown for L195 to Mr. Weeks, who was act ing for Mr. Maitland, the teetilt of ibe sale proving a perfect windfall fot the club, sb the horse was entered to be sold for nil. Four horses .started' for the sfceeple'cnase; but the contest practieally resulted in a match between MarQuis of Waterfttrd ahd Thndetibker, the former gainibg the victory with Something in band. In this race Shamrock fell at the laBt of the treble in front of the stand, and gave his rider a heavy fall, which for a time rendered the lad insensible. Widiam Tell was served np very warmly for the concluding event of the day — the Seaford Handicap; nut though he ran gamely, the heavy weight told its tale, and he conld get no nearer than third to Kitty Fisher, who thus made amends for her failure earlier in the afternoon. The following are the details of the racing Hurdle Race, a handicap of 70 sovs. The Beoond horse to receive 10 sovs. out of the stake. The winner of any handicap hurdle race, after the publication of the weight'), to carry 71b. extra; of two or more such races, 101b. extra. One mile and a half. Mr M P Whitty'a b m Moolgai, bc King Arthur — Barratti, 6 yra, lOsl 9lb, including 71b penalty \- - .. - - Kwg 1 Mr J Williams's b h Plaudit, 6 yra, 9st 41o — — — Gardiner 2 Mr G Glasscock's b g Courage, 4 yrs, 9at 41b . — .. — .. Allen 8 Mr G Lawson's b h Aristides, 5 yrs, list 21b ... _ .. Oroer 0 Mr J Taylor's b g Swee'meat, aged, lOat 121b .. _ _ M'Culloch 0 Mr J A Alexander's g g Booket, 6 yrs or aged, 9st 61b — — — — Loodonelly 0 Betting : 5 to 4 agst Moolgai, 3 to 1 agst Plaudit. The lot got away on the Becond attempt to a good start, Courage at once taking the initia tive, and leading past the stand, closely at tended by Rocket, Plaudit, and Moolgai, the rear being brought up by Sweetmeat. Round- WM 4lt«i 4m««1 DlAHril4'' IV£ VUC vUIII| A mUUilf) bBalllg 9U VBUtOgC UX his light weight, rushed to the front, and led the field past the stables well clear of Moolgai and Courage, while Aria- tides dropped, back to the rear. Along the >, back the favourite got on terms with Planditj tWho, however, came again, and led round the torn. Oncp into the straight, however, King brought Moolgai np with a well-timed ran, and landing over the last hurdle with the leader won cleverly by half a length. Rocket was third a dozen lengths off, Aristides fourth, Courage next, and Sweetmeat last. Time, 3min.2sec. Maiden Plate, of 60 sovs., the second horse to receive 10 sovs. ont of toe stake. Special weights — 2 yr old, 6sfc. 71b.; 3 yrs old, 7s 6. 61b.; 4 yrs and upwards, 7sfc 101b. For maiden horses at time of starting. Mares allowed 21b., and geldings 51b. Five fur longs. Mr J Harper's b f The Forsaken, by Rapid Bay— M&rv; Gladstone, 3 yrs, 7et 41b . . Bence 1 Mr O Taylor's b h Chronograph, 4 yrs, 7st lllb (in- cloding lib over)- - - Brown 2 Mr 3 G Bell's o f Kitty Fisher, 8 jre, Alb — .. D Williams 3 Mr W S Hk&esftotham;'a br m Maud, 6 yre, 7st Sib . . _ Maybiu 0 ta i, $ T?ri>tfs fir g H&rfifnger;, aged, 7at 6lb Ricketeon 0 Mr A F Bradahaww8 B 2 yra,6st 71b .. ..' a „ -BUlr 6 Mr J Whlitlngharn'a b c Pi-attler, 2 yre, jNb (ia- ! cludipsr 4lbgver)„ - Richmond 9' BJf M lacc b's ch C Lpia Caningfcon, 2 yrs, 6st,Slb dncludia llbioverl' ...' r- Bedfera 0 ! Mr J aLarg'a fi gBugler, yre, 03t 2ib Slmmocds 0' Betting : 7. to 4 The 'ord&MeD;,- if to 1 ech agst Kitty Fisher and Chronograph; ? to 1 each agat Maud and Prattler. Prattler was the quickest on his legs at the \ stariLbat when the lot were fairly set going The FaraaKcn took toe lead, and, easily stalling off the effort of lro'nograph and Kitty Fisher, won comfortably by a length. ; Prattler was fourth, Maud next, and Lord Ci&rington; last. Time, lmin. 6aec. Altona Handicap, of lOCTsova. Theseconcf I horse to receive 10 sovs. out of the stake. Six I furlongs. 1 Mr 3 Whittiogham'e z b Achme!;, by Aigus Scandal I — Hipfibno, 4 yrs, 6st 101b — .. Richmond 1 1 Mr 8 Hor fall's b" c St, Michael. 2 yrs, 6st . . Blai 2 I Mr J Harper's b g JnKaW Gray; S yra, 0at 12lb — „ . , Benee 3 I Mr T Hales's b m Beeswing, aged, Sst 41© Gdbcnpt 0 Mr j G Reid's ch g Tbe Ghost, aged, 7st lllb I - Williams tf Captain J Haimes s b c DUHenn, 3 yrs, 7sc iuio „ „ ... Halliday 0 to & Cromer's (jtla.) b g Cbilda Harold, aged, 7st 6iB 4 i' - - Bioimondfl 0 3Sff O CoMfls'S fe# ft Gwfinrnsr, 4 yrs, 6sfe 8'b \- Maybin 0 Mr W E Dakln's fir c 3 yrs. 6st 71b r M 0 MrV A Lang's br m A?atha, & yrs <ti aged, 6b4 7lb j \- A — j - . Bedfem 0 Bettiog ; 6 to 4 agst Jtflian Gray, 2 to 1 i agst Damooles, 7 to 1 agst Acnms$ Julian Gray cut out the running, ana lea along the back attended by St. Michael and Damocles ; Achmet, Gasburner, and Childe I Harold being at the head of the other division, | whish was whipped in by Dufferin. The favourite matiftafned bis advantage, and, lead- I ing into the straight, iooEdd SIl over a winner, I but Achmet came with a wdt gatl, aad, catch- 1 ing the leaders at every stride, won easily by ( three-quarters from St. Michael ; J ulian 1 Gray was third, Gasburner, Damocles, The I Ghost next, and Dufferin last. Time, lmin. 1 Sealing Race, of 103 so. Weight for age. I Four furfonge and d haif< _ I lir il K Mftitkna s fi or br g Stafford, Lffra Lyftoi I -Peri, Mb (nilf - . anee 1 I Mr S Nathan s bl g fcore'arr, 6 jnff, ffllr foii) I __ - — — , fed fern 2 I ri Reid's b e Bar One. as :e& fLVf \- - « - - S I Mr"l Jones's oh m Delamia, 4 yrs, 6st 12lb (nilj | -Blair 0 Mr W Kerr's br g tfertoun, agedj 6st 9ib (ml) — — .. .. — Hayes 0 Setting i 6 to 4 each agst Stafford and Sldrcerer,' to 1 sgBt Bar Oae. Mertosri and Heldfeln showed eonepicuonaly : in front at the staft, btif half Che dis- tance had travefsed, Borcefdf toffk «p toe j t'fiofiing sod showed tfae y)ay into' the straight, where Stafford oAfie through, and fairly smothering everything for paCe; won easily by three lengths from Sorceref, Bar was third, Delamia was fodrtb, and Mertoun last. Time, 59360, The winner was bought in tor tbe owner by Mr. Weeks for L195, all of which I went to the funds of the club. I SlEEfiiiEHisE.— A handicap, of 75 sovb., the second horse to fedelte sovs, out of the stake. Two miles, Mr H Connelly ns g g Marqufe of Water ford by Union, aged, 108t(fb- - , ' - Gardiner 1 Mr R Gray os br g Tandsticker, »ged; 9et 101b, in cluding 81b over .— . ; . Klg Mr T Jones's hr g Stag, agd, 10ai lulb.,. Anderson S Mr A Forbes's b % Shaidroefe, sge4 9etslb — Hbtman O Betting : Even money agst Tan&Sticser; 3 to lagst others, Tandsticker and Marquis of WaterforJ raced together after passing toe first fence, but at the home turn the latter forged ahead, and won comfortably by two lengths; Stag was third. ' Shamrock fell at tbe last of the treble, in front of the stand Seaford Handicap, of 70 sovs. The second horse t-o receive 10 sovs out of the stake, The winner of any handicap fiat ratid, after the Ll I — _ 6a Ao««to 7lh c# ftna 4 nf pUUlIuaVlUU Ui WCJguiQ) tw VailJ lu 9 Ul two tit mere Stieh races; Mb extra; Five fuflbngti . Mr J & Reld-8 fe i Kitty FisHer, by Roblneoh brusoe—Lidy Spec; 3 yrB, 6st lllb (mcludln; 61b over) .. - -- D Wiiliamb 1 Mr S Nathan' bl g Sorcerer, 5 yra, 7st 31b _ Redf ern 2 j Mr S Miller's ch h William Tell, 6 yre, 103t 3lb J . . lovimny 3 j lir S Cohen's b in Urabrn, yrs. Sat 9lo — M. — - - wUllftason 0 Mr S Martin's b o New Fashion, 3 yrs, 83t lib — .. .. .. - — O'Connor 0 Mr J Whittlncbam's g h Aohaiefe, 4 yre, 7st 41b (Including 7ib penalty) . . — . Richmond 0 Mr J A Lang's b m Ohlorls, 5 yrs, 63) sib Turnham 0 Mr W E D-kkin's br c DamoclsB, 3 yrs, 6sc Sib — — ... Caeey 0 Mr J Harper's b f Tbe Forsaken, 3 yrs, 6st 51b — — — — — Bence 0 Mr J A Alexander's p sr Rocket, 6 yra or aged - 0 Mr J Walsh's b m Flash of Lightning, aged, 6st — . — — — Maybin 0 Mr J Redfearn'a b f Mlnnigrey, 2 yrs, 6st. . G Redf exn 0 Betting: 5 to 4 agst William Tell, 4 to 1 agst The Forsaken, 6 to 1 each Damocles and Kitty Fisher, 7 to 1 agst Achmet. Kitty Fisher established a lead early in the race, and going in fine style, won by a head from Sorcerer, who came very rapidly at the finish. William Tell was third, Acbme ; fourth, and Minnigrey last. Time, lmin. 6aec. 