GENERAL NEWS. In tho Legislative Council yesterday tho "Supreme Court Appeals Act of 1887 Amend ment Bill and the Yaas Roman Catholic Church Land Salo BUI were each read a first time ; tho Church and Perkins Streets (Newcastle) Bill, tbo Borough of Balmain Wharves Bill, and the Keut-scrcct Roman Catholic Church Land Salo Bill wero each read a third timo and passed ; and the Bankruptcy Bill, having been rc-com- 'mlttcd was further amended. Tbe adjournment of the Assembly was moved yesterday by Mr. O'Mara, to draw attention to tho action of tho Attorney- General in allowing a young man named Pruen, who had been convicted at Batburst of embezzling money from tho Railwoy Depart ment, to go without punishment. It appears that Dr. Cortis, member for Batburst, inter ceded for tho yonth with the Attorney- General aud " begged him off " because he waa tbo son of "respectable parents " and was of weak mind. The Attorney- General, in reply to tbo charge, said that Pruen had not been dealt with in an exceptional manner. If another caso enmo beforo him in which the circumstances were similar bo would tako the same course in regard to it. In conclusion, Mr. "Wise said that if ho did not know that Mr. O'Mara was playing a game and that it iVM necessary ho should occasionally become a tool for his party and sacrifice himself to them, ho would use stronger language in regard to the hon. member. Mr. O'Mara in reply said thero was no kind of cowardice worse than tho cowardico of making such insinua tions as tho Attorney-General had just thrown out. Tho idea that such a thing had been dono by an Attorney- General was enough (Mr. Abbott thought) to raise the ghost of Sir James Martin. Ultimately tho motion for adjournment was negatived without division. A lively sceuo occurred in the Assembly yes terday in connection with a question put to tho Colonial Treasurer by Mr. O'SulIivan. That hon. member desired to know when the papors in connection with tho alloged Queanbcyan stamp frauds would be laid on tho table of tho House. Mr. Barns replied that tho papers would require some checking before they could bo given to tho House. Mr. O'SulIivan re marked that bo hoped if they were checked they would not bo " doctorod.'' To which Mr. Burns replied, " No ; we leave that to those who have preceded us." Mr. Dibbs : " That is a most impertinent observation on your part." Ultimately Mr. Burns promised that the papers would be laid before tho House to-morrtuv. Regarding civil Ecrvants' hours, Sir Henry Parkes stated in the Assembly yesterday that be was afraid it would bo impossible to estab lish any hard- and-fast rule with regard to applying tho regulation fixing the hours of attendance of civil servants to all Government departments the officers of which came under tbe provisions of the Civil Service Act, Some of tho officers of the Government must perform duties when they were specially required to do so, as in the caso of the Post-office for example. He would cause inquiry to bo mado as to whether this regulation could be made to apply, as far as practicable, to all civil servants coming nnder the Civil Servico Act. Sir Henry Parkes stated, in answer to a question In the Assembly yesterday, that various proclaimed streets and roads running through tho Holt-Sntherland Estate (tbo whole of which lead to other main roads, the National Park and the local railway station) had been and were now being cleared by men work ing under tbe Casual Labor Board. When finished a return would be laid on tho table of tbe House. A.question without notico was put to the Minister for Mines yesterday by Mr. Melville in respect to the report of the Bulli Colliery Commission. He desired to know whether Mr. Mackenzie, the inspector of coalfields, had sent in a report on tho findings of tho commission. Mr. Abigail admitted that Mr. Mackenzie had sent in replies to tbe allegations of tbe com- mlsion, and if the papers wero moved for he would be glad to produce them. Tho following notico of motion was given last evening by Mr. Walker : — " L That a Select Committee bo appointed, with power to send for persons and papers, to Inquire into tho conduct of gaol officials and tbe general management of prisons. 2. That each com mittee consist of Mr. William Clarke, Mr, Chanter, Mr. Gould, Mr. Gale, Mr. Waddell, Mr. O'SulIivan, Mr. Brunker and the mover." Iu the Assembly yesterday tbo Premier gave notice that he would to-day move— "That this House will to-morrow resolve itself into a committee of tho whole to consider tbe ex pediency of bringing in a bill to provide for the payment by the colony of New South Wales of a proportional part of tbe cost of tbe establish ment and maintenance of an additional naval force, to be employed for the protection of tho floating trade in Australasian waters." The caso of Margaret Reddan, who was con victed at the Quarter Sessions recently for keeping a brothel, and for whom the Crown prosecutor asked a lenient sentence, was brought under the attention of tho Assembly yesterday by Mr. Melville, who read extracts from tho newspaper reports. The Attorney-General ex plained that there bad been no tampering with justice in tho case, and nothing bad been done in this which was not done in other cases governed by like circumstances. The nuisance had been abated before tbo committal of the accused, and that fact wns taken iuto con sideration in awarding punishment. The reply was received with ironical cheering from the Opposition, whereupon Mr. Wise appealed to tho legal membora of tho Honae whether the course taken was not the usual ouo iu such circumstances. Besides, tho newspaper report, being a condensed account, did not accurately represent the conversation between tbe judge and the Crown prosecutor. AU the instructions given by bim in the case were there contained in a note on the depositions, directing the pro secutor to call attention to the fact that the nuisance bad been abated before tbe committal of tho offender. A meeting of the Select Committee appointed to inquire into the matter of the purchase by tbe Government of certain lands belonging to the A.S.N. Company was held yesterday, Mr. Molville, M.P., presiding. The witnesses examined were Mr. Ewing, M.P., Mr. Gorman (of the firm of Hardie and Gorman) and the deputy surveyor-general. The committee meet today, when Mr. John Norton will be exa mined. A deputation from the Trades and Labor Conncil waited oh the Premier yesterday, their object being to urge upon tbo Government the absolute necessity of further restrictive legis lation In reference to the Chinese. They pre sented certain proposals which had been adopted by them which tbey wished to be , carried out by tbe Government Sir Henry aiku, la reply,, laid tb Government bad already sent a communication to the Govern ments of tbe other colonies in reference to new legislation on the subject, us he thought the Governments should act together in the matter, and until replies were received they could do nothing. If, however, replies were not received within a reasonable time ho would send a draft bill to tho other colonies for their approval. Yesterday Sir Henry Parkes received a depu tation, consisting of Messrs. Camoron, Toohey, Bowman, Ms.P., and Rainford, who asked that a band which had recently been formed and styled the Centennial Band might be allowed to play on a Sunday afternoon in Hyde Park. If the request were granted, four performances would be given for the benefit of local chari ties. The band consisted of 21 instrumental ists and would play classical music, which could be approved of by the Government. Sir Henry promised that if a written application was mado« to him for three trial performances, ac companied by a programme, ho would give his attention to the matter. Tho directors of the Sydney Hospital waited on the Premier yesterday to ask for ft sum of £65,000 for the completion of tho hospital in Macquaric-strect on a modified plan. 8ir Henry Parkes promised to submit the matter to. his colleagues, beforo whom it had not yet come, and the result would be communicated to tbe hospital authorities. Sluing in Chambers yesterday, Mr. Justice Innes had beforo him an application for the custody of a child/named Ada Mando Jacobs, who during the last three years has been resid ing with Mr. and Mrs. Kelk, of Chippendale, who was now claimed by a Mrs. Evans, living at Darlington, as her child by her first husband, James Jacobs. His Honor ordered the child to bo restored at once to Mrs. Evans, who there upon took possession of it. The trial survey of tho proposed Parramatta- Dura! railway has been completed, and it is stated tbo route from the Parramatta station, crossing the Parramatta River from Smith- street and sweeping thence along tho Windsor- road via Balkham-hills and Castle-hill to Dural will be favorably reported on. The central committee of tbo Local Option League met on Monday afternoon at the Tem perance-hall. There were 11 members of the committee present, and Mr. A. Hutchison, M.P., presided. It waa arranged that the annnal meeting should take place ou Monday, January 16, nominations for officos to bo sent into the hon. secretary 81 days before that date. On the motion of Mr. Henry French, it was unanimously passed — "That this central com mittee desires to express tho hope that tho Wesloyan ministers will deal with the local option question in their sermons on their approaching temperance Sunday." A long discussion then took place on the present position of the qnestiou of local self-govern ment as to the liquor traffic. It was felt that, as the Parliament had now affirmed the prin ciple of full local option, the Government should be able to at onco state whether they would introduce a bill to give effect to the resolution ; and that if they declined tho way would be clear for a private member to move in the matter. We learn that the trustees of the New Sonth Wales National Art Gallery have purchased Mr. Fletcher Watson's picture of the Virgin Porch of St. Mary's, Oxford. The painting is now hang ing in tbo water-color room of the gallery. In purchasing Mr. Watson's drawing tho trustees evince their desire to encourage art productions within tho colony. For a long time past the inhabitants of Bal. main hare been endeavoriug to induce the City Council to graut them a wharf at the foot of one of the streets abutting on Darling Harbor for the purpose of establishing a steam horse ferry from Sydney to Balmain, but hitherto without success. Yesterday they returned onco again to the charge, and a deputation, consisting of the Mayor of Baimain (Mr. W. H. Barns) and Alderman Punch, waited upon the Major of Sydney to profer their request. Mr. Riley said he could do nothing in the matter himself, but promised to lay tbe whole question again before the committee of the council.! A meeting of representatives of the volunteer fire companies of Sydney and snborbswas held in tho vestibule of the Town-hall yesterday at ! noon, for tbe purpose of making regulations for the election of a representative on the Fire Brigades Board. The delegates present were : Captain Woods (Standard Brewery), in the : chair. PnnfninH T.ftnp ( Nnwfnwn Tjiva f Prtrrft- matta No. 2), Walker (Manly), Warner (Red- fern), Seiley (Granville), Burns (Woollakra), Jackson (Leichbardt), Woods (Alexandria), Cay wood (Parramatta No. 1), Messrs. J. WaUh (Balmain), Frecland (Glebe), Johns (Padding ton), Hook (St. Leonards), Dyke (Burwood) and J. II. Marsh, secretary. Tho meeting discussed a number of regulations which had been drafted, and adopted them with sun dry modifications. The regulations provide, amongst other details, that any captain must have been at tbe bead of a brigade before ho can become eligible ; that tho election for tho present appointment shall take place at the Town-ball on the second Wednesday in Decem ber ; and that the next regular election shall take place on the third Friday in March, 1888. Each company can only nomiuate one elector. At about 8 a.m. yesterday the dead body of a child named George Snow, aged 2J years, was found floating in tho waters of Johnson's Bay, at the rear of its home in Hosking-street, Bal main. The discovery was made by the child's father, who had seen the little fellow playing about some 10 minntes previously. Dr. Evans, sen., examined tbe body aod pronounced life extiuct. The Coroner has been apprised, and an inquest will be held. The provisional committee of the proposed fruitgrowers' co- operative company, for tho better utilisation and storage of fruit, met at Parramatta on Tuesday afternoon and adopted a prospectus. The gentlemen who are to compose the provisional directorate were also decided upon and will be submitted to a general meeting for approval. During tbe voyage of the R.M.S. Mariposa from Ban Francisco to Sydney, on October 22, at 8 p.m., shortly after leaving tbe Golden Gates a saloon passenger named Mrs. G. J, Allison died suddenly of heart disease. The deceased was coming on to Sydney with her ton and daughter. The remains were bnried at sea, the U6nal impressive service being read by one of tho passengers. On Tuesday night Messrs. Ryiand and Morse contractors for the Hawkesbury bridge, made a second attempt to launch the punt which they Dave built to erect tbe upper part of the bridge ; but the ropes were again found not to be strong cnongh. Yesterday the services of Mr. Anderson were obtained to superintend the work, and a number of small punts and steamers, together with a gang of experienced workmen, were engaged. The pant was got out about 60ft., when it got jammed and all the ropes carried away. The attempt was to be resumed last night. A fancy fair was opened in the- Baptist Church, Balmain, yesterday afternoon, in aid of the fnndB of the church, the pastor, the Rev. Mr. Glassop, having offered to give £50 towards clearing off the debt of £200 if the congregation wonld raise the remainder by tbe end of the year. The church was very prettily decorated, and a fine display of fancy and useful articles shown. Mr. W. A. Hutchinson, J.P., intro duced by Mr. F. W. Adcock, secretary, mode the opening address, referring to his interest la the church since Its foundation, and a handsome illuminated address of thanks for his past and present kindness was presented to him. A meeting of tho Ashfield Musical Society will be held in the local School of Arts this evening. A sale of work and Christmas tree, in aid of the Zenana misrion, will be opened by tbe Mayoress of Sydney in the grounds of Mr. J. Hubert Newman, Waverley, to-morrow after noon. The military band will perform during he afternoon. In connection with tbe Parramatta Baptist Church anniversary a tea and social meeting was held in the local Masonic-ball on Tneiday evening. A sale of work for the purpose of raising funds for the erection of a Sunday school and classrooms was also successfully conducted. The Rev. J. Straughen presided at the after meeting, at which addresses were de livered by the Revs. T. 3. Forsaith, W. Taylor, C. Taylor and C. Olden, 'oad Mr. J. D. Brown. The report showed a total church membership ot IU, or an increase of 28 on the previous year. The children attending St. Mary's Cathedral Schools, St. John's R.C. School, Kent street, and St. Colnmbkilles R.C. School, Woolloo- mooloo, were treated to a picnic at Chowder Bay on Monday last Over 1000 and abont the same number of adults attended, and as tbe arrangements were carried oat by a large and efficient committee tlie day was agreeably pent Cardinal Morao and a number of prietU belonging to the city and Hbubs visited the grout «riagtbc afuraeoo. 