TUBE GOSSIP. Br ACGCB* . Metropolitan racegoers will find their way to Fleuaington on Tuesday f#xt, when the Melbourne Hunt Club will place before its patrons a bill of fare which should satisfy them in every way. It will open with the Hurdle Race, in which Lothak heads the list with 12dt 21b. attached, and as the course is only a mile and -a half and a distance he would be quite able to take care of himself if he were in the form he displayed when be last won at Fletnington; but a horse that bos been at the Btud for two or three years gene rally takes some considerable time to get.into form. Ace has liat 4lh. lessr dad then come Moolgai, Spart&a;, and Aristidest the last of whomlshonld prefer at tile Weights. I shall, however, look farther down the list,and se lect Rqt, Excqre. and Bespkrado to produce the winner. The Selling Race has several smart animals engaged ; bat Idonbt if .the owners of .Stafford nud Umbra will care to risk the loss of theirs, and Sorcerer may be with drawn for a similar reason. However, sboul 1 any one of this trio come to the post there will be nQ necessity to loot further for the winner; la their absence Deiusiox or Ulalume ought to win, I don't cxpect to see more than balf a dozen come to the post for the Steeplechase, in which-Lady Asliton heads the list at 12st 71b., but the Hon. \V. Pearson may a^ain consider it advisable to entrust his colours to Royal Oak and if so they will he Carried with credit,' for the son of Postmaster is. one of the improving sort, and ought to Ret over Flemington cleverly enough, seeing that lie has been successful over Warrn&mbool;, which is, perhaps, the most difficultcroea-coontry course in Australia. I've my doubt* respecting Ruby negotiating the stiff timber of Flemiijgton, but if she could she would have had a fair show of success, as she was, handicapped to meet Royal Oak on several pounds better terms than die did at Caulficld. The Irishman, too, is let down afe% pounds, and he will take some shaking off H he lands over the last fence with tbe lpadere. Bob Cooper has been on the shelf foraome time, ?otherwise I wouM took favoatably upon his prospects, but the bouee that are forced, into retirement am sot as a cole worth following on tbe occasiotiof-tbeir reappearance before the public: Marquis of Waterfofdhas a nice weight at 10s t. l2tt>.,~wtiichimpo3t has been £ weeded tp FTulIuTje, a eate fcafcahm horae, who will probably be bald safe enough by Promotion. The lfctter meets Ruby a pound pnd Royal Oak 121b, .belterr thau at Caul fieldi fend jratfinft -thisand that toee.tber I think I shall be jastifted'in selecting Pbomo riow.RoyAX.OAS, and BAJTKEBio Blithe places. For the Birthday Handicap William Tell- has lOst, allo&M; him, gaite enough to ,ateadr hitn.thougb evfen with this weight fie will tut arwpee&ble;, figure, especially at FIenringtcrti," the straight tourte being moi$ to his liking than a circujficflue, The stable, however, i^w^f^Wrely upon one oftbe others enrimeii It would oe'tedious to ge through the handicap in detail, as many ef the horses nominated will not put in an pearflrioa Rem$mberinff bow Casuist %rati! the Flemingtotf §t^ea%t;$ttp V.RC., nieefr ing, I cannot helftlamklti&that; be is wonder hrttte humour on Tuegdaraeafc^the-iprfcw may go to MordiaUec^iCew FwWoftti'Tne Nun»and Harvester-alt-are fairly tre$6(Land Vascosa, Dufferin, and Sorcerer eeetfffco o&ve; been" put together eg\4t#tsr«I6^h,;yUle^e wmaster |nd StofftfrS'^n to me jjijppfve a chanca. Are all in it. Shark, wha ran vide round tha tares of. Moonee Valley, will pe better served by the straight of Flemington, and so perhaps will Cinderella, but probably CASUIST, THB NUH, and Mmrom will fur nish the winner. Tbe Selling Hurdle Race will probably go to FOOTMAN or LANDSEER Over the border oar cousins of New South Wales should have a high time at the Sydney Turf Club meeting to be held at Randwick; I shall not be surprised if fire and twenty horaea assemble at the post for the Royal Stakes, which ought to produce one of the best races of the season. la this event Viet.j'ia will be very strongly represented, and notwithstanding the bold front shown by Plutarch, I shall not be Surprised to hear of one of our division effecting his overthrow. Abner hasn't an ounce too much in 9st 5lt»M nor has Hogmanay in 8st 101b. Mitrailleuse, too, meets Abner considerably easier than she did in the Newmarket Handicap. Keith and Blairgowrie are both brilliant over the dis tance, and so is St. John, while Plutarch is said to be the fastest horse at Randwictr. It will be a triumph indeed if the Hon. James White winds up the season with a victory in this race. In the Flying Handicap won by Plutarch at the A. J.C. meetin? the winner carried 6st. 121 b., and Abner, who was beaten only a neck, had 'Jsfe 31b. Now the top weight meets Mr. White's gelding on 12!b. better terms, but the latter is reported to have made marvellous improvement, and so, I am told, has Oceana, who once promised great tilings. Then there is Cardigan, who is said to be in great form just now. Two year olds at the latter end of the season take a deal of ben ting over six furlongs, and Yetman, Sunshade, Oceana, and Deva are a formidable quartette. Of these I prefer YETMAN, whom I expect to see win, while ABNEB, PLUTARCH, and HOGHANAT may prove the best of the others. For the Hurdle Race I fancy GOODWOOD, QCONG TART, and SOOBEL OFP. 1 n the Sovereign Plate 1 like LADTMARION and WAHDA. Perhaps the most interesting race of the day will be the Queen's Birthday, Cup. I have strong hopes of the prize finding its wny to Victoria, for in Ringmaster, Ben ! Bolt, Bohemian, and All Gold we have four really good animals to represent us. The Jewel, Burrilda, Lancer, Sorella, Yel low Jacket, and Gipsy's Warning seem to me to be the best of the New South Wales lot, but I think we shall annex the prize, and expect to hear that RINGMASTER, BEN BOLT, or ALL GOLD has gained the victory. It is probable, too, that the Steeplechase will come this way. I don't know which of the jumping events Goodwood will sport silk in, but to me he seems to have a better show of success in the Hurdle Race, and STCDLET or WYMLET may be instrumental in bringing the prize to Victoria. Mr. Perry, who never hides tlie light of his c]ub under a bushel, has forwarded me ttie conditions of the Carrington Plate, a two year-old race to be run at the Summer Meeting of Sydney Tattereall's Club. The added money is 500 sovereigns, with a sweep, stakes ot 10 sovs. from nominator?, the forfeit being 2 sovereigns, or no liability if de clared by 4 p.m. on the day of general entry for the anneal meeting- This ought to snit owners of young ones, and they will please bear in mind that the entries close on Tuesday, 5th July. At the Coleraine meeting Mr. T. Ferguson entered a protest against Mr. T. Cross's mare Little Footsteps receiving the stakes for the Coleraine Handicap, on tne grounds that she was identical with a mare named Blue Bonnet, who won the Maiden Plate at Harrow in March, 1884. The stewards met on the 11th ihst to receive evidence, and Mr. Fergnson, m support of his statement, pro duced a statutory declaration of Mr. Frederick Lnmborne, to the effect that Little Footsteps and Bine Bonnet were one and the same animal. A declaration was also put in from Mr. Richard Blomfield, stating that he saw the mare run at Harrow, and knew at the tiine Li i tie Footsteps waa under the ban of disqualification. Mr. Arthur Lewis, who occapied the position of secretary to the Harrow Club, declared that after the stakes had been handed over to Mr. Jamieson, the stewards contemplated holding an _ in vestigation into some rumours that were circu lated in connection with the mare, and JamieaoB offered to give the cheque back if nothing was said about the matter. Various other corroborative evidence was adduced ; but Mr. Cross, in defence, declared that the mare never ran as Blue Bonnet, and among other declarations wad one from Mr. William Jamieson to the effect that Little Footsteps was not identical with Blue Bonnet He owned the latter when she won at Harrow in 18S4, and she died foaling in 1885. Mr. Edward Gough, secretary of the Condah races,, produced a record ot a letter from Mr. Lam borne to tfie Condah stewards stating that fee coald not swear Little Footsteps and Blue Bonnet were the Bame. There was other rebutting evidence, anil the stewards considering there was not sufficient proof to justify them in disqualifying the mare, dis missed the protest. Mr. Ferguson gave notice of appeal to the V. R.C. For the Hamilton Sires' Produce Stakes of 1889 21 foals have been nominated. Mr. S. W. Cook has seven, Mr. J. R. Leormonth four, Messrs. W. and D. Skene four. Dr. Williamson two, and Messrs. G. Buckley, D. M'fjetlan, J. Robertson, and G. Hamilton one each. Mr Bond has been busy this week preparing the new coarse for the next meeting. TV Gweeproand tlie first tarn leaving the straight is a great improvement;as jockeys will testify when they have ridden round it There: is no etita&an; racecourse so pic-' turesquely situated as that of Moo nee Valley, and it ne\er hooked prettier than it did un Saturday last, though the weather was m»t alt' (bat one- could wish; Mr. Cox will: hardly repeat the folly of having a Maiden Selling Race in his programme, for that of Saturday was not a success, and he is not theman to court a failure. Bugler, who won, would have been cheap enough at 40 Raineasfor .MM of the Indian traders, bat though s&weral; wwe present none ot them seemed to care for have him, Mr. H&linbonrg; had a retd bocA thing in Sunshade for the West Bonrke Handicap, which the daughter of Kewmbister won easily, and when the tarf statistics appear her sire ought to bold a very respectable posUionm the liat," Mr. Connolly repeated hisMordialtoesuccess with Landseer in the Htrrdle Ra<», and Umbra gave backers another turn In the MayHiwidicap. This mareia awonderoverhalf a mile. Success hadn't mueh tt» snareover Liddington in the SelUo*» Ra<!e» "; and fcfe treng ao'clSfcely on to the eheathutthatl wwidnotlrave been sniS prised' hadth^rebeea % protest' Achm'ftt generally r«n« best at' the aec<md attempt, And h^fcept up his reputeti&n; ia theBroad idows Handicap, wirioh l<«oked tifood thing; Fair So son at the ^fttanos. hut the crer wwe hitodfctfni nsd 4h« H^cdiiiHlbb di*lUiO*ihOtt>ere3oiciBg. i HK Steuauet Tfccmpeon iaoueof thevetferana pf Ptetninaion, knflis irtverso hai>t>y*& ttheto oo hat &hon;*ot two itt«ie etabfe.Perhapsi ho tahagpieat if tfe&t; particatat ^horeetHuj* tegltihm vetota? the ' kiud, erer^los a woe off of the Mordiajloe stable, then be will de serve the appellation of " the wiirard of Flemington. Mr, Thompson also has Sor cerer in bis stable, And I hope the old fellow irill hare lock with' him, for of late be has been pretty well down in the world. 1 Among the visitors toMoonee Valley oil Saturday was Mr. Macdonald'e yearling bre ther,to Hortense. He waB ridden, and.mwed through the crowd almost as quietly astfee oldest stager. The colt has improved'evei^r way since he was Sold, and while he has not grown upwards much, he has filled out everywhere. His companion, a colt, tay Neckersgat from Aurora, has also made con siderable progress. Mr. Clibborn has, I believe, written to Mr. Macdonald informing him that the objection to the brother of Hortense being called Paragon has been with drawn, and he will therefore ran under that name. Now that Ormonde is reported to be a roarer, Bendigo will probably prove England's champion. He has commenced the season well by carrying 9st. 71b., and winning the rich Jubilee Stakes run at the Kempton-paxk spring meeting. Considering that the dis tance was only a mile, and he had shown each galloping ability last season, he was fairly thrown in atftat. 71b. Malua in his best day would in Australia have been allottedquite a stone more in a mile handicap, and I cannot understand how the English handicapper should have let Mr. Barclay's crack off ao lightly. It is said that siuce he won the Jubilee Stakes Mr. Barclay has been offered £20,000 for him, but the offer was refused. General entries and acceptances for the Murrumbidgee Turf Club meeting are due with the secretary, Air. J. Hawkes, on Friday next; May 20. The secretary ot the Cooktown Turt Club has forwarded a programme of the meeting which is fixed lor the 30th and 3Iet of August. There are half a dozen events for each day, the principal item on the first being the Tow® Plate of 1(H) sovs., and on -the second the special feature will be the C-ooktown Turf Club Handicap of 150 sovs. The former is a mile and a half race, and the latter will be run over two milea. Entries clo3fl on the ISth of June. From Sydney comes the report that Mr. Mackay has sold the imported thoroughbred stallion Grandmaster to the Hon. John Ealea for 1,200 guineas. This is a pretty fair figure for a horse approaching 20 years of age, for Grandmaster was foaled in 1863. Yet there should be three or four years* good service in the horse yet, and to a etudmaster with a few good mares like these possessed by Mr. Ealea, the old chestnut should be a valuable acquisition. MtEalesowns Chrysolite and some of her daughters, as well as Queen'a Head and a few imported mares of high lineage. Mated with these, Grandmaster should beget something even superior to the many good horses be is now credited with. In the matter of breeding Grandmaster coald not be surpassed, for he is by the celebrated French horse CHadiateur from Celerrima, by Stockwell from Slander, by Pantaloou from Pasquinade, full Sister to Touchstone. It would be strange indeed if a horse bred like this were not successful at the stud. I remember Grandmaster when Mr. De Mestrei bad him in training, and I thought his great bone and substanee, as well as his breeding, were just what we-required in eome of our studs. If it "be trot that Mr. Kates has purchased the horse; the son of Gladiateur will have a rare chance of perpetuating his fame as a stud horse. The attention of Victorian owners W directed to the conditions of the A.J.C. Metropolitan Stakes, which appear in thef advertising columns this week. No increase has been made in the stake, the club adding the same sum as last year, 500 sovs., and the sweep is 20 sovereigns, half forfeit, or five only if declared on Monday, Aagast22. It; would have been wise, 1 think, if the A-.J.CL had increased the stake to 1,000 sovereigns ; for, with its large balance at the bank, it could well have afforded to have done so, and doubled the added money to the Sydney Cap at the same time. A rich prize prevents a deal of " tiddly winking," for the Btake is worth winning, and when an owner has & chance of landing £2.000 or £8,009, he is uoi> influenced much by the betting market. F hope the hintwill notbelost on the committee of the A.J.C. when thenext programme is under consideration. Entries for the Metro politan close on the 6th June, when entries also close for the good things of the V. RC, and V.A.T.C. Owners in New Zealand, Tas mania, and other distant parte of Australasia will please make a note of this. Intending nominators for the Hay meet ing are reminded that entries for the H. J.G. Handicap, Hurdle Race, Oxley Han dicap, Carrinston Handicap, Second Hurdle Race, and Winter Handicap, dose with die [ secretary, Mr. W. T. Hills, to-day (Saturday), May 2L A reference to the programme, which has been published in our advertising I columns, will show racing men that the | stakes are well worth winning, and the con dition a ore much moce liberal than they wero last year. > There is every prospect oi good sport at Elsternwick-pa^k thi§ afternoon, ana if th»< weather be gne tius^popular resort of sportj&g; men will bewsUw^rtb a visit In addition, to the trot, there w ill be several events which., are certain to beprocluctive of exciting finishes. The MaidfnJPaiij| fcas4rIftr£gentry; thonjjU, relative Darehki,: ah.ct; a&eaia; to nie&swbta; he lias gon!e five'ftwTg ie may manage to get in §ufih; pany. Bittlerkrtp Umger eligi&j;^ta Dm«»< a maidetai naTifcjt gained aViclory at MocHaes^ Valley .last Saturday. I expect to Be& t&e; places filled ey Tire Chab6k^ tJjKDHBBiZA. %ndQKstx>iro. in ihe Hurdle race.liATOsBBlVt Age, a^d Spabtaji look. like, fitting placefe,' unless, Rejpoee or Aicte be started, ia which Cftae otte or Ifoe tjth« should win.+i There wiH bea tare sefcfcofor the Yictbif* ' Eawdioap, »Bithedi8tiBtrce;a only Joflr ahd »*f half furlongs, and should ME Miller crmaxttor1 it wbrth while to pill out Wnjjjijk . a hall expect tosee him returned the vmafa-' even though he has 10st <ttb. to carry, fortha * company isJon!y modertite,- andthe coui8*|i3-; a short oneu Nert to the big Vraiow and Sobceubb. For "»*»« Steeplechase Hike MraroRrcHE i , _ o? Watbrfobd, andthe Selling Race to Sin? lor Cabhitai, as it i&V; ** Stafford or Sorcere* wilt tun. ^ wick-park Handicap tfehfcrillyj} close/and exdw»|j fibteh, atii® ing cross-country riders, and inspecting the ] course themselves, they hare resolved to remove two fences. One is situated between j the abattoir? and the ebeds, and the other; nw>r the home-stretch torn. The first hu, i perhaps, brought down to ore hocG?s than any , fence at FJtmington, and alter jumping it i the riders had to make a very sudden turn to j get at the next obstacle. They vili not be | tony, therefore, that it has to be rumored :; nor will they regret the omission of the other j fence. DeniHquin is in the field with an excellent programme for the 18th and 20ihJuly, thongh I to my mind the dates come a little too soon ; after the Y.E.C. winter meeting, which takes j place on the 16th July. Fire events are set j down for decision on the first day, com- j mencing with a Maiden Plate of 35sovs. fori all maiden horses np to the time of starting, j a very wife provision. A Hor !'e Race of 25 j eovs. comes next, and the third on die lUt is j the D.J.C. Handicap of 105 eovs., one mile and a halt. The Show Handicap of SO ears. precedes the Ladies' Bracelet, a welter handi- ] cap, in which the nominators of the three j placed horses will receive bracelets, one ot j them being the gift of Mr.W. L Tredrea. j The second day opens with the Fiyin? Stakes ; of 20 Bovs.. followed by a Selling Race of 25 j eova Third comes the Dentliquin Sieep^e- j chase of 120 eovs., an event which is likely to j create more than ordinary excitement j amongst the local population. A Hurdle j Bace of 50 eovs., and 'Iown Piate of 30 sovs. complete the list; and I may remind owners of horses that the entries c'ose with the secre tary, Mr. James Thiee, by 8 p.m. on tLe 22nd Jane. It doe; not seem to roe to be a wise move on the part of the V.RC. to nin their summer meeting on Saturday, the 31&t; of December. Monday, the 2nd of January, will, I believe, be the general holiday, but perhaps in choosing the Saturday, the members of the Y.R.G committeewere influenced by the fact that on the 2nd there is likely to be strong counter attractions in the shspe of the international cricket match, kc. bit. Cox has chosen the 2nd of January for a meeting, and he should give a bill of fare worthy of the occasion, something better than the £50 flutters which are much too common upon all suburban race courses. On Monday, at Tillers Victoria Hotel, Mr. Disher met a number of owners and trainers, and explained to them his recent invention for improving the drainage and ventilation of racing and other stables. Although simple, the system seems to me to be a great im provement upon the ordinary plan, and no doubt it will soon come into general use. Js'ext week Mr. Disher proposes to give a practical illustration of its efficiency, the floor of a loose box, with the improved drain, being now in course of preparation, and trainers wiii then have an opportunity of Bee ing how it works. The Mitiamo meeting will take place on Queen's Birthday, and in order to suit the convenience of visitors from Sandhurst a special train will leave the latter place at 9 a.m" returning at 6.30 p.m. Tickets will be issued at excursion rates. Some of the visitors who made their way to MordinJioc last week experienced queer adventures. One party, which comprised three or four well-known sportsmen, in the absence of a sufficiency of cabs, struck a bargain with a local vegetable dealer to convey them to the coarse. Having removed bis cabbages and bis cauliflowers, he prepared his carry-all for a start, the visiting sports were seated as comfortably as possible under the circumstances, and set sail for their destination. The costermonger, however, thought he knew the run of the country, and took a short cut which he declared would land his living freight at the scene of action long before the cabs. The passengers were in high glee as they left the road, but they ilidn'tquite relish the jolting that followed, nor were their tempers improved as they "skelpit over dub and mire," but the climax was reached when, altera lengthened explora tion, their Jehu deposited them at the training ground of Mr. J. li. Cooke. This be declared Tas the only racecourse he knew of in the vicinity. It is needless to say that the language indulged in on both sides was not such as is foand in any of Lord Chesterfield's letters. There was nothing for it but to return to Mordialioc, where in due time the vegetable vendor arrived with his party, the members of which required no farther exciting adventures that day. . By the by Mr. Bradsbaw objects to his arrangementsbeingdenominated "primitive" He declares that he provided tents for the public, the press, the jockeys, and the officials. His saddling-paddock was enclosed by a high fence made of li-tree; his course, considering the rain, was in good order; and Mr. Skinner provided a capital luncheon for those - who liked to pay for it The fact is the weather Bpoilt everything. Had it been a fine day, ail would have gone as merrily as the pro verbial marriage bell, and if Mr. Bradabaw will stand off nntil the summer-time, his coarse will then be seen to be one of the best near Melbourne Entries for the Hurlingh&m; Meeting dose! with the secretary, Mr. W. C. Cullen, at 4 p.m. on Monday. There are balf-a-aozen I events on the card, one bang a flat race of j five furlongs, for all horses. To-day, Qneen's Birthday, and the 2Sth have been chosen by the Adelaide Bating Club for a meeting, and though the prizes, ! is like" are small, there islikely to be some fa»f which rill be run on Tuesday next; lsonopty ' has been awarded top weight(10at 71b.1, spa, even with each an impost as this 'I nDubJt ; if 1be iot opposed to him ^ Glengarry and Merry Soul perhaps being the best of (he others. B. Batty, whose eye was removed iast week, is, I am glad to say, progressing] fevonrably. . > , j ,Meaera..W. C. "Smile and Co. report having Bold on eceount of Mr. II. J. Bowler the gelding Draepn, by John Bull frotp K<Harney,1 apd on aecopnt of fSx, Haliinbourg the iwrdleracerBncoce. J Hiere ere 44 foals nominated for the Qaeerifilarid ^Furf Club Sires' Produce Stakes 6f ,-1889.' ,.!Ehe principal contributors are Hewn. Bigge and Bowman, who conjointlyI have 16 in,their names, 10 being byFenman, aridfive byWestminster. The tive that are nominated by the Queensland Stud Company1 *&Wm; Yattendon horse Respite. Mr. J, i Sl^Mll three colts t>y Darebin, who has jiootber ixprelentative. Mr, J. Williams " * is eight,' fonr of them being by our I Meibourneand four by Wheatmeat, JVFinoie'fl jiame there are seven, one "" ll aiiter to Ben Bolt . Messrs. B. o» .1wto fire nominated, all by sljiflfwicbiQ.) races'Pefcronel won the tapdy^ OTd ran in aomething like 1 .as A- three year Aid. "'jsSssfcss [ jumper, and in good hands never makes & : mistake. j Although there has been little or no wager . ing in Melbourne over the two big events to j be run at the Sydney Tnrf Club meetinz, J ! there has been some spirited business in I Sydney, -both singly and outright Pictarch j has been the popciar selection for the Royal | Stakes, and The Jewel for the Birthday Cop- ! ; Fur the latter race I hear that Ben Bolt has ! | been barked to win several thousands, snd j should r.ingznaster appear at the post in his | best trim be. too. will help the ringmen to ; j nake these events two o£ the best bett:ng . ! races of the season. i I A special meeting o{ the members of' I Bowei's Tatt«saH*s Ciab will be held at the ' ! rooms on Monday at 2 p.tu. to consider the j } advisability oi renting the cinb room of the | | Prince of Wales Hotel for the use of mem- j ! bere. This is the room formerly leased by j ; the Victorian Cinb. , _ I IBy advert semer.t this we?k it is announced ? that the Victoria Rating Cinb will shortly call for tenders lor the right of selling liqnors j and catering peneraiiy st the racecourse, j Flemingt mi, for a period of three years. Dorin^ the last race at Moonee Valley ! FUmsjre, who was riding Achmet, received a ' very severe cat upon one of his hands from a i jockey who was riding in the race. I believe j his horse also received a e'ash from the same I jockey, bat as Homage won he didn't think it I "worth wbiie to complain to the stewards. In i this 1 think he was wrong. At a meeting of the committee of the Deni!i<inin Josiey Cinb last week, the following programme for the annual, meeting, to be held on 19th and 20th July, was adopted: - Maiden Plate, £20; Show Handicap. £30; D. J.C Handicap Hurdle Piace, £75 ; D. J.C. Handicap, £100; Steeplechase, £133: Handicap Hurdle Race, £50; Town Plate. £30 : Ladies' Bracelet, £50: Flying Stakes, £20; Handicap Selling Race, £25. Nominations for all handicaps due 22ud June, weights on 7th July, and accept ances on 14th J cly. Messrs. Cam]-bell. Pratt, and Co. will sub-1 tnit to auction, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Monday, several hunters and steeplechasers, including Amy, Young Tancred, Lowiander, King Alfred, and Fickle, also those two well known hunters Harkawsy and Porter. The Lilydale meeting will take place on the 1st of July. The programme appeara this week, and contains five create, including the Lilydale Handicap of 30 sovs. Entries close with the hon. secretary, Mr. W. J. Hutton, on the 11th June. In ail probability the Victorian Club will | hold a winter meeting during Jubilee week, the 18th June being the day that will,, perhaps, be chosen. Elstemwick-park is ] spoken of as the course to be selected. Attention is directed to the Queen's I Jubilee programme, to be ran on the Epsom course, Sandhurst, on the 21at Jane, when half a dozen events will be disposed ot Mr. J. C. Stamp, the hon. secretary of the B. J.C., has the management of the affair, and will receive entries up to the 11th June. Victoria will be well represented not only at the Sydney Tnrf Club meeting, which takes place on Tuesday, bat also at the Grand National meeting of Sydney Tat tereall's, which is Get down for decision on the 4th of June. Hogmanay, All Gold, Mar mion, Fernandez, Songster, Ben Bolt. Good wood, Bohemian, Ringmaster, and Sunshade have all taken their departure for the scene of action, and it is more than probable that some of the good things of both meetings will be annexed by them. Rumour hath it that Fernandez performed a most satis fac tory trial on Saturday last, end, bearing in mind the forward position be held at Caul field, it is quit" upon the cards for him to land the double for Mr. W. Cooper, who well deserves a favourable turn of the wheel of fortune. Mr. Archie Yuille received such scanty support from breeders and the leading racing clubs of Australasia in compiling the last volume of the Stud Booh, that he has 6erious intentions of dropping it altogether. I hope not, for it wonld be a national misfortune if so valuable a work was discontinued. No doubt it entails a considerable amount of work and research, but if those who are most interested are not willing to support the con tinuance of the book, they cannot expect the compiler to be patriotic enough to publish it at a loss. At the Goornong meeting Mr. E. B. Luttrell's mare Verbena, by King of the Ring | from Lily won the Goornong Handicap, Mr. E. Kins's Maggie Moore the Hnrdle Race, Mr. Warwick's Whistling Dick the Trial Stakes, and Mr. Godfrey's Highland Mary the Trot The Hon. E. Mitchelson has named his filly fey Musket from Atlantis " Happy Land." It is reported that LO.U. pulled np lame after a gallop a few days ago. St Albans at any time is well worth a visit, and having a day to spare during the week II took a run down to have a stroll through the paddocks and a look: at the occupants of the establishment May is scarcely the best month in the. year to see young stock, but Mr. Crazier has snch an abundance of grass, and is so firm a believer in beeping bis tho roughbreds np to the mark, that, it doesn't {natter much when you drop in, they are bcnnd to be looking welL fliere are now four Btallions in the stud, the latest addition being Robinson Crusoe, the sire of two of the best three year olds that ever trod a race course, Navigator and Trident. The son of j Angler and Chrysolite was looking healthy! and well at the time of my visit, and as be is' only 14 years old, be should do good service at the stud for several years to come. When looking over the double Champion winner, First King, I couldn't help remark- i ing the resemblance he bore to his relative the high-priced yearling the Hon. W. Pearson; purchased, tiie founj9Mer. bow.evei; ehowing more bone, though I doubt if he will ever be more' muscular. Savanaka, "who is now as white as snow, was ascockyas ever. St Albans was enjoying himself in one of the paddocksnear the boose/ The sire of Malua never, perhaps .was represented by a better* looking lot of foals. lC of whom were romp ing about in the paddocks hard by. - A chest nut 't by St Albans from Royal Maid struck moras one of the gems of the collec tion. though equally attractive was *he son of Pardon bythesamesire. And the «ons of Sea Spray ana Maid of All >Wprk will ? compare, favourably Vith any ever eeen at StAlbans, A filly &om; Pilgrimage wonld p^ss master anywhere, and I thought a good deal of a fillybyjDhe Hook from Waterlily, while Little Sisterand The Maid's youngsters promiseio keen up the character of St Albans as 4thesire of well-grown stock. Qtaite a t above most ql the others: she i same colour as Malna/aod h^s JjJM-tPJL. legs. ln£hepama enclosure was a maxe wl was once -well known at Csulfieldr «r Flemingtpn/ttbis being the cbestufit - competition there will be for bitn when he is s yearling. Further afield I saw Leeside, one oi the most fashionably-bred mares ever im ported, with arerr nice St Albans filly at her side, bat a much grander-looking n>a*®. is Lady Cnandos, who bad a fine fit If by First King following her. There were many others too numerous to take stock of when only on a dying visit, but everything was looking well, and I don't see now they could do otherwise in ench richly-clothed pastures. Joe Munro now has charge of the training stabler and the excellent tracks of St. Albans. The Tin man, by The Englishman- TinCnder, is in work, and barring his injnred hock, which is eti:l considerably enlarged, but callous, he is ss nice a colt as one nwd wish to look at Mr. Von Douss&'s appeal against the de cision ot the magistrate who f:r >i hini_ for usine the totalisatv at the OnkaparinKa meeting was heard on Wednesday, and the verdict was upheld I believe it is now in tended to appeal to the Fall Court j T. Corrig&o; has left for Sydney, and was accompanied by Wrmlet. ! A. Ferguson arrive! from Bollarat yester day and brought down Ace. j A motley crowd indeed was it that as sembled on the Brighton-road on Thursday I afternoon to witness the trotting match be tween Mr. J. Leek's pony All Fours and the, Sydney pony Dolly, belonging to Mr. Davis. [ By the terms of the match the latter bad to concede a start of 200 yaris in a mile, and it was originally intended that it should be troited on the Elsternwick-park course on Saturday, but for some reason or other, the Sydney party insisted on the match taking place cm Tbnrsiay. Mr. John Leek's eon, nine years old, got up in most artistic style, rode All Fours, and Dolly was j driren in a sulky by a son of the owner. The Victorian pony nerer gave the visitor the I ghost of a show, and won by 159 yards, but the defeated party, who seemed to ro for a win, tie, or wrangle, objected to the stakes bang paid orer on the ground that Mr. Leek bad ridden alongside his pony. Ur. Morris Jacobs, the stakeholder, however, paid over the money. A second match, in which the ponies were to trot a mile level, and the owner of Dolly was to lay 100 to 10, had been arranged, but Mr. Leek considered it discreet to withdraw, and I thinfc be was wise. Several of those who had lost their money took their overthrow with a very bad grace, and it is to be hoped that if any more matches are made they will be decided on some course where ordinary decency can be insisted upon. It is intended to call a meeting of the mem-j bers of tbe Victorian Club at an early aate to consider the advisability of passing a role to compel all bookmakers who may in future join the dab to pay an initiation fee of £50. Ttiis has been the role in.Sydney Tattereali'e for some considerable time. It is also pro posed that the committee shall in future decide disputed bets in which non-members may be concerned with members. The annual dinner is fixed for Thursday, June 9, and the billiard tournament will take place some time in July. Mr. S. Miller will be represented in the Sydney Tnrf Club Steeplecliuae by Studley, who left for Sydney yesterday. Tbe conditions of the Country Puree and Hawkesbary Grand Handicap, to be run at the Hawkesbury Spring Meeting, will be found among the late advertisements this week. The former is a mile handicap, and the added money is 200 sovs. To the other race the club adds 300 BOTE. The Claret Stakes, to be ran*for by two-year-olds at the Antnmn Meeting of 1838, is also advertised, and it will be seen that the club gives 300 60T8. to this. Entries for these events close on the 6th Jane. From New Zealand I learn that Vanguard has been pat into work again. Last night I beard that Sorcerer had been transferred from Ur. S. Thompson's to Walter Hickenboiham's stables, Scratchesgjl-M.H.C, Hnidta Eim-Lothair.Trent, Hilltop, and Grxcolos Eamieae, Vuiderbift, Glen duart. Birthday Himliwii-KnmA.H» Vasoo, Kohlan, All BUck, Approbation, New Fashion, lion I Giovan, llxrijae. Stcefltduc-Atlis and fcubv1. Selling Hurdle Baoe-Unt Hate. EJsternwickpaxk. Victoria Haaaicap- Sunshade. Handicap Bardie I Race-Trent Handicap Trot-Fairy, Banjo, and Doliy. Fkrfc Handicap-Emerald, and Boamood. 