,SELECT. POETRY. TOO LATE. In dust of roses in an antique jar, " With rare swcet savors round and over it Of spicy .dors Time can never mar, I find a letter by a woman writ. No ghost could make me shudder asthesight Of this poor missive all eo long unseen, Wherein 1 read of tll my lost delight And all the swoetness of what might have been. A woman's face, a woman's tender touch, A woman's gentle voice and soft caress Yourself, my darling, whom I loved so much, For ever by moy aide to soothe and bless All mine for but one poor unspoken pray'r My faint lips might have uttered long tago-, All lost (and surely this is hard to bear) Because I did not hope and could not know! I hold the crumpled sheet that tells it all, And, looking on your gracious loving words, One dead sweet hour my dreaming thoughts recall, Mlade glad by whisp'rings leaves and song of birds. And-in a green and shady woodland place I see the tpring's paleo snshine on your Ihair, The matchless marble beauty of your face, Beyond iall other women's cold and fair. Across a dreary gulf of tears and pain You come, a radiant vision of the Past, And all unehtnged, unwithered, still remain, Oh, love, as wheu I looked upon you last l Ah, had I told you in that hour, my sweet, Of all the true deep love you could not guess, And poured my soul's wild passion at your feet, I might have heard your soft and whis pered" Yes I" But, fool and blind, I did not dare to speak; No tender glance or word would fear allow, Because my love had made my heart so weak ! I wrote my pray'r, and read the answer Now-and I waited, oh, with whatdespair In that dead time of bitter loss and shameo; And while I deemed my grief too hard to bear, You watched and wondered, and I neve'r \- came - Some wayward chance, some pitiful mis take Ah me, could sadder destiny appear P Two lives-were ruined, and two hearts might break This letter lay among the roses here ! Oh, cold and cruel irony of Fate, That, having held most precious gifts unseen, Then mocks us with the bitter words, " Too late," . And, hardoet taunt of all, "It might have been!" 