CURRENT TOPICS. I To-xokbow, Whitson-Day, being the day on which the Church of England specially commemorates the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles, and- the birthday of the Christian Church, there will be; festival services in St. Paul's Church. Holy Communiou will be celebrated both at 8 a.m. and after morn ing prayer, and matins and evensong trill be fulJ choral. Macfarron's anthem "O Holy Gho»t Ac Ac", will be sung at both. We have great pleasure in notinr that i for Mr:-Bayer'sopSa,:?'Federation," which has been in coarse of preparation for some months, the charming young prima donna, from the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, Miai Jnlia Simmon da, has* been engaged. The opera is to be pro duced on Juno 21 and 22, "and judging from the efforts that aru being put forth, no pains will be spared to place it in a most complete manner on the stage of the Mechanics'. Notwithstanding the numerous cau- Uoas that hare been given, it seems that valueless cheques can be parsed in this town. On Saturday last a rather disrepu table looking individual put up at Riddle's boarding house in Manifold street, and in payment of his board in advance tendered a cheque for £1, drawn by Andy Thomp son, on a bank at Hamilton. He also tried to cash another cheque for a larger amount at some of the business establish ments, but his efforts were unsuccessful. Thompson represented himself as a con tractor, and as haring means only he had run short. He also said that he intended leaving for Colao by Monday morning's train. The cheque tendered to Blta. Riddlo was passed through the bank in the usual way, aud was returned dis honored on Wednesday evening. The njcesaary information was givpn°to Con stiblea Bourke and Healey, and steps ! were immediately taken to secure his I arrest. Thompson, as he gave his name to be. was last seen on th 6 main road,' making in the direction of Colac Attention- is specially, drawn to the important sale of property to be held by Mr. J. Thornton, at Teraug, on Tuesday' 31sfc inst., under instructions from Mr. C. Ajrres. The property in question com prises a quarter of an acre of land, on which is erected a substantially built five roomed house, with verandah, &c; The household furniture and effects will also be sold. He will also offer on account of Mr. John Wilkinson, two township allotments, with improvements thereon in the shape of weatherboard cottages, out buildings, &c; Two of the properties are within sight of the Tcrang railway station, and the third is situated at tho corner of the Mortlake road, near the Commercial hotel. This is the 6rst extensive sale of property that has been held in Terang since the opening of the railway line. The new State school is now rapidly ap proaching completion, and it is hoped that the formal opening will be celebrated on June 21. Oneof the larser rooms has been finished in advance of the others in order to accommodate the children who, since the old stone building was removed, have i been attending the school in the Temper ance Hall, which was rented by the Education Department for that purpose. The new building is a very haud»omo looking edifice, and will give ample accommodation, it is thought, for some time to come. A fine addition ha 3 also been made to the teacher's quarters, and the school, as a whole, is now one of the the handsomest buildings for the purposes of public instruction outside the metro polis. The hon. treasurer of the Bulli Colliery Disaster RehVf Fund. Mr. D. S. Walker, desires to acknowledge with thanks re ceipt of farther subscriptions to this fund as follows:—Camperdown Roman Catholic school (per Sir. Keenan). £2 53 8d ; Mr. H. A. Meagher (State School, Xarojhid), £1 7s 3J. In the list of subscriptions acknowledged by the hou. treasurer in last Saturday's issue, the name of Mr. John Home should hare been associated with that of Mr. J. A. M' William in connection with the amounts contributed at Terang. Foxes are said to be exceedingly numerous in this district, and complaints of the mischief done by them in poultry yards are frequently made. It is repr rted that on ou« statioo a few nights ago, where raising poultry is extensively carried on, nut less than 200 fowls were destroyed. On a farm in the same neighborhood, a number of turkeys were killed and eaten. It is time that the «hiro councils took the matter of the extermination' of foxes into hand, before the evil increases. The thirteenth concert of the Camper d'«»n Muiical Association, which took place on Tuesday evening in tho Me chanics' Hall, proved in every respect a very great success. The attendance in the back- part of the hall was not so large as illicit hare been reasonably anticipated; but the middle and front seats were all well filled. Of the vocalit-ta, special mention must bo made of Mrs. Palmer, whose contributions to the programme were thoroughly appreciated. In the first part of the programme Mrs. Palmer rendered the song composed by Sir Wm. Robinson, entitled "Severed," and in rfsponse^to an encore sang " Wishins and Fiahinir." Her subsequent song, " I'm a Merry Zingara," was enthusiastically re ceired, aud in response to a recall Mrs. j Palmer sang, to the evident satisfaction lof the audience, " Annie Lawrie." After :the interval Mrs. Palmer rendered The Queen's Letter," and in response to an encore introduced to the audience a ne* and very taking sunir, "Ask Me." During the evening she was the recipient of numerou< bouquets, many of which were most tastefully arranged." Mr. John Hancock, of Colac, fully confirmed the favorable opinions that had been formed regarding his abilities as a vocalist The j ballal, "Sunshine and Shade," was ren dered with most telling eflect, and the son.-, "Awake Thou Golden Blush of Morn," was soiritediy given. Mr. Han cock was recalled on both occasions. The popular ballad, "There is a Flower that Bloometh," was capitally sung by Mr. J. E. Down, who appeared to even greater advantage in the selection, "Tha Moon Shines Bright," from Mr. Bayers new opera of "Federation." Judging from the great merit of the serenade the new opera should prove extremely popular. Mr. J. E. Down's reception was a most Dirdial one, and each of his contributions was encored. Mrs. W. Down rendered with effect the song, "Turnham Toll," and Mr. W. Down's contribution, "The King's Minstrel," was much admired. Of the instrumental pieces, mention must first bo ipade of the piano solo from " II Trovatore," which was ren dered by Miss P. Cohen with capital execution. The string quartetts. in which Mrs. Bayer, Messrs. Bayer, Young and J. Robertson took part, were also highly appreciated. The efforts of the orchestra are deserving of special praise with regard to the overture from " Federation " and " Studenten L»ben." The latter com position was much admired. The so- called "Australian Juvenile Giant Family " were on exhibition at the sports gathering on Tuesday last, and w*ro tha objects of a large amount of public curiosity. Clara, the eldest of an extraordinary trio, though only 13 yean i of age, weighs 13st 71bs. and Tom, aged nine, weighs lOat 81b.. The youngest, a girl named Anna, a»ed seven, whose weight is 9at 21bs, bids fair to develope into something taller and stouter than I her sister. The tent in which these phenomenal juveniles were exhibited waa well patronised during the day. Their pareaU. Mr. and Mrs. Snell, are about the average height and weight, and there seems to be nothing abnormal about the appearance of theother members of the family The children were reared in Gippsland. Extbejieiy rough weather was ex perienced at Port Campbell early in the present week. The tide* have not been known to be as high for many yean, and a large area of low-lying ground has been submerged. Oa Monday the waves were beating against the piles of the bridge on the Peterborough road, and on Tuesday the police paddock ni under water. Heavy weather has beta axnamaaad all along the aoatliam com*. "~ > \- Ajf announcement which will bo of interest to the ladies of Caifperdown and district, appears in. another column. Mr. T. E. Ward intimates that hp is now prepared to give lessons in oil panting on satin. Samples of this art will b« on view to-day at Mr. sV, Down's, aud tie lovers of the beautiful will find much t» admire in them. The specimens that hare been showu to us are exceedingly fine, and will no doubt have the effect of inducing numbers to acquire the art. lj is held th-it oil painting on satin must basup-rior to the work that is now so fastionable, seeing that the material can re easily cleansed from dirt of any kind. I should therefore be useful for tha purposesjf com- j ing furniture, such as chairbaiks, for brackets, and.other work of tint kind. Particulars as to terms of lessens, &c;, can be obtained from Mr. T. E. Yard, St. Heliers. A meeting of the Board of Alvice for the E«t Riding. Shire of Hamrden. was held on Thursday evening at t'lo State •chool, to take into consideration matters in connection with the celebration of the Queen's Jubilee. It was desided to recommend to the Jubilee Cimmittee that in order to provide for the entertain ment of the children, a sum of money equal to one shilling per head should be voted to each school in the shire. It was also decided to illuminate the State school at Camperdown on the night of Jane 21. The matter of providing apparatus for experimental purposes in coonettion.with Jthe State schools was taken into considera tion. The scheme met "it* the entire approval of members of the Board, and it was agreed that steps should be taken to institute a fund about the time of the opening of the new school in Camperdown. Is our advertising columns in today's issue there is published a lengthy list of the applications which have been made through the Htmpdenshire Council for swing gates. This notice is rendered necessary under the provisions of the 399 th section of "The Local Government Act, 1874." and it must appear f..r four weeks, once a week, in the journal circulat ing in the district It is stated in the notice that the reason assigned why such applications should be granted is that the traffic is so Might aloug the roads on which it is desired to place gates that the temporary closing of such roads by means of unlocked swing gates will not create any inconvenience or be injurious to tho public It is also notified that the period for which it is proposed to close the road* referred to by unlocked swing gates, is 12 months from tho date of each license. The weekly meetin; of the Camper down Literary and Debating Society was held on Thursday night. There was a very fair attendauce of mombers. la the absence of the president, Mr. A. Hender son, one of the vice-presidents occupied the chair. The constitution, and bye-InT* of the society, which had been revised uy the sub-committee specially appointed for thatpnrpos-, Messrs. Raeand Henderson, were submitted, and after considerable discussion adopted, and ordered to be printed. Mr. A. Henderson, who was to s«ive an election address, was excused for the evening in consequence of a severe cold which incapacitated him from speak ing. It was then decided to substitute impromptu speaking. Under this head short addresses were »iven on the follow ing subjects: -"War," '•Larrikinism," "Dancing," "Beauty," "Our Society," "Railway Accidents." All present took part in tho discussions which followed. Miss Watson, of Stonyford, we regret to learn, met with a somewhat serious accident on Tuesday last. Whilst ridini; along the main road the horse shied at the carcase of a dead bullock, and threw its rider heavily to the ground. Miss Watson received a severe shock to the system, and sustained several painful contusions. As a rule there is little of interest transpires in connection with the proceed ings at the Cauiperdown Police Court. A slight diversion ia, however, promised for next court day, unless a case in which two well-known residents of the district are interested is settled prior to that day. The alleged use of threatening language, it is said, constitutes the offence. ° Messrs. Walls, M'Allister and Stans more, railway contractors, are at present running out about 12,000 yards of ballast for the cattle yards at Camperdown. The work will occupy a few days. The anniversary services in connection with the Bible Christian Sunday school, Camperdown, will be held to-morrow. Rev. J. Chenhall will preach at 11 a.m., and there will be a children's service at 3 p.nu Rev. Mr. Hosking will preach in the evening, at 7 o'clock. The urnal tea meeting wUI be held on Tuesday evening, at which recitations, songs, &c;, will be given by the children. A meeting of the Camperdowu District State School Teachers' Association will be held at Colac at 1 p.m. to-day. A jieehxc of the Jubilee Committee is convened to be held in the Mechanic's Institute on Monday next, at 2 p.m. A cOREEsroNDEST writes:—An event that occasioned a considerable amount of interest, took place last Tuesday at Koort moolong, the resideuce of Mr. Gco. M'Couachy, when 31is< M'Conachy was united in the bonds of wedlock to Mr Robert Silvester, of Cobden. The cere mony was performed by the Ray. J. Chenhall, in the presence of about fifty of the relatives and friends of tha bride and bridegroom. The bride, who was nicelj attired in a brown 'satin dress, trimmed with cream lace, with wreath of orange blossom and veil, was piven away by the Rev. Mr. Qosking; Miss M'Couachy, of Winchelsea, officiated as bridesmaid. The customary wedding breakfast was then partaken of, and ample justice having been done to the srood things provided by all present, the Rev. J. Chenhall, in a few congratulatory remarks, called on the Rev. Mr. Hosking to propose tha toast of "the Bride and Bridegroom." The toast having been duly honored, Mr. R. Sil vester suitably replied. The following toasts were also proposed. "The Parents of the Bride," by Mr. E. G. Morrison, and replied to by Mr. M'Conachy; "The Parent of the Bridegroom," by Rev. J. Chehall, and responded, to by Mrs. Sil vester. "The Queen" was also given and dnly honored, after which the newly married couple took their departure by coach for Camperdown, and then** to Melbourne by train. A Warrjtambool correspondent writes: At a meeting of the Villiers and Heytes bury Agricultural Association, it was determined to suggest to the Minister of Lands the advisability of including the planting uf a marine reserve in the pro posed Forestry Bill. It is thought that a fringe of timber on the sea coast from Cape Otvay to Cape Bridgewater wonld have important results in regulating the temperature, and equalising the rainfall all over the colony, and especially in the Western district, where the rainfall has been decreasing for some years. It was also resolved to invite delegates of kindred societies in the Western district to a conference, to take steps for the establishment of an experimental farm in the district, somewhere south of the Dividing Range, and ai near the seaboard as possible. A football match, Terang v. Mortlake, was played at Terang last Saturday after noon. R. Armstrong captained the Mort lake team, and J. King* the home team. The game resulted in a victory for Mort lake by 4 goals and I behind to 1 goal and 2 behinds for Terang. The goal kickers were as follow :—Bromley, Purcull (2), ArauUong, forMoctkke, and King The arrangements for the celebration of the Queen's Jubilee were completed by the Premier on Thursday. It had pre viously been decided (says the Age) that Monday, 20tb, and Tnesday, 21st June, should be proclaimed public holidays, and this decision necessitated a curtailment of the original programme of festivities. Instead of setting two days apart in Jubilee week for military displays it has been determined to eorapress the exhibi tion into one day. A review will accord ingly be held at Albert Park on the 20th prox., and in the evening there will be a military tournament in the Exhibition Building. On Jubilee day, 21st June, the Governor will hold a letle in the forenoon, and will also receive addresses f«r presen tation to the Queen. The mayors' In ncheon follows, and in the evening the city and suburbs will be illuminated. A fancy drew ball, for which 3000 invitations have been issued,' will be given at Government House on Wednesday evening, and ar rangements have been completed by the Mayor of Melbourne and the Premier for a concert to be given in the Exhibition Build ing on Thursday, 23rd June, in which the Melbourne and Metropolitan Liedertafels, together with the members of the Phil harmonic Society, will take part. The anggestions that have been made as to fitting methods of honouring the Qaeen's jubileo are almost innumerable (reports the Anjua,) and among them is one for the liberation of a number of the prisoners now confined in the gaols of the colony for small debts and trivial offences. The idea has doubtless been borrowed from the telegrams which have appeared in the press, notifying that a number of persons imprisoned in Indian gaols for small debts and political offence* were set at liberty during the jubilee cele brations in that dependency. It is also reported that the Government of Tasmania intend to release a number of prisoners under light sentence;. No proposal of this kind has yet been oruught under the consideration of the Government of this colony. Of course there are no political prisoners in Vic toria, and before liberating any persons in prison for debt the Treasurer would have to consider whether he should make their pecuniary obligations a charge upon the state. Seriuu3 objections would probably be raised agaiust anything like a wholesale release of prisoners under short sentences, on the ground chat it would be an unjust interference with the course of justice, and a reflection upon the judgment of the ! magistrates. Ox the Queen's Birthday, His Excel leucy the Governor forwarded the following telegram to Her Majesty the Queen: —Sir Henry Loch presents his humble duty to Tour Majesty, aud on their behalf tender the respectful con gratulations of the people of Victoria on Your Majesty's birthday." His Excel lency has received the following gracious -nessage in. acknowledgment.—"l thank the G-ivernor and people of Victoria warmly for their kind congratulations V.R.1." Ocr Terang correspondent, telegraph ing on Thursday, states that the last train from Melbourne the previous night dashed through and smashed the railway gates on the Mortlake road. No further damage was done. I Me. J. Thornton will hold his usual sale of lire stock at his yards, to-day. Tenders areicvited for erecting post and rail fence at SUte school So. 017, Ter»ng. Slessks. Jfelson and Co., will hold their usual stock sale at their yards at 1 o'clock to-day. Tenders returnable on Saturday, Jane 4, are invited for clearing on.the Dixie sub division. All claims against the estate of the late John Donnelly, carpenter, of Caaiperdown, are to be sent in before June 1. Tenders are invited by tne Hampden and Hejtesbury Pastoral and Agricultural Society for improvement) at the show groaois. Me. J. O. Johnstone his potato land to let at Cororoolte, and an agricultural farm to lee within two miles ot the Colac post Tenders returnable at 5 p. m. on Tuesday, 3Ut iojt., are iavited by the Hamudenshire Council for the performance of several a hire works. Mb. F. J. Thwaites, dentist, may be con suited as follows:-Mortlake, Quiney's hotel. June 1; Camperdown, Wizgins' hotel, June 2; Terang, Harvie's hotel, Jane 3. It is notified that during the temporary absence, through illness, of Mr. Jas. Moodie, Mr. Jas. Gellie will see to all stock matters, and will attend to the trucking of all stock consigned to Messrs. C. W. Gibson and Son. 