[?] ' It seems to me' said a young man who is learning to be a physician, the other evening, ' that smelling salts is not as good as some people imagine. When I was at a crowded meeting the other evening a certain young lady thought she was going to faint and anxi ously called for a glass of water or anything. I was present and offered her a bottle resembling salts, which she gracetuily inhaled. Alter taking this course of treatment for a few minutes she said she had recovered completely. However, I 'was implored to remain in the vicinity, so that in case of another ex pected faint I could be ready with my ? salts.' I after ward told her escort what was really the contents of the bottle — a while snuff for a catarrh sufferer — and I suppose by this time I am called the most horrid things for giving a ladv a bogus cure for a faiuting fit.' ' Boss, Ize a bit confused 'bout 'suthin',' said one of the negro whitewashes at the market to Detective Webb the other day. ?? Well, -what is it :' ' What does per annum mean r' ' Fer year, of course.' ' A hull y'ar r' ' Yes.' ' Can't be no mistake r' 'No, sir.' 'If I borry two dollars of Abraham Johnson an' agree to pay 20 per cent, per annum dat means 20 cents a y'ar, does it r' ' It does.' ' Iiu ! Dar's gwine to be de biggest row in Kaintuck to night you eber hearn tell of!' 'About what?' ' About dat per annum. I borryed two dollars of de pusson menshuned at 20 per cent, per annum, an' fur de las' fo'teen months he's bin eollectin' 20 cents a week as rigular as a clock. Stuck right to it, he did, dat per annum meant ebery Saturday night. Lawd ! btu when I git dese yere paws on him won't per annum take a flop.' Despite the fact that I have received the very high honour of being thought of as the nominee of the Prohibitionists for President of the United States, I doubt very much whether I would feel inclined to, even in a small degree, neglect the interests of my Show to obtain the dazzling and brilliant office such a nomination might possibly confer upon me — for I would stand a better chance of election, I think, than anyone now imagines. I love my Show too much, sir. I love the children too much. The merry laughter of thousands of little children, innocent children, such as I have many times heard, is the greatest charm in life to me. 1 would rather be the cause of such mirth — to me the sweetest sounds on earth — than be a Mozart, a Wagner, a Mayor, Repre sentative, aye, or President of this unparalleled and unapproachable country. One night recently a very pleasant 'wake' was being observed in Grlasgow, when a terribly hollow, sepulchral voice in the chimney asked, ' Am I right r ' The assembled 'mourners' did not wait to answer the question, but vanished like startled kangaroos. Once outside, a council of war was held ; and it was decided to secure the services of a policeman to ' lav the ghost.' A gallant constable was found at last, who was willing to undertake the grim task. Draw ing his truncheon, he boldly entered the chamber. An appalling sight met his eyes. The shroud covering the body was jet black, the face of the deceased was the sombre tone of a negro delineator's. A dusky mist floated through the room, and horrid noises were wafted down the chimney. The gallant constable pressed forward to the hearth, poked his head up the shaft, and discovered that a sweep was the cause of the mystery. He had been ordered to clean the vent in. the rooms adjoining, and, working from the roof, had selected the wrong chimney. The officer has not been decorated with the Albert medal as yet ; but, being Jubilee year, perhaps he may be. He had ' nothing smaller than a 5-dollar bill.' The conductor on the Flushing Avenue car made a critical examination of his features, and, ringing up the fare, replied, leisurely — ' Well, I can change it.' The passenger appeared somewhat surprised, but gave up his fi-dollar bill, and the conductor reached down in his right coat pocket and drew out a huge handful of 5-cent pieces. Fifty of these coins were counted out and placed in the passenger's hand. A dive down into the left coat pocket produced a hand ful of dimes. Twenty of these were counted out to the passenger, whose iace asumed a look of protest, while the other passengers began, to smile. Down into a pocket of his pantaloons went the busy con ductor, and forth came a larger handful than auy that had been hauled out before— of pennies. The passenger, who had nothing smaller than a 5-dollar bill, now went into open rebellion. His hands were already loaded down with small coins. He said he would leave the car, and demanded his 5-dollar bill. ' But I have rung up your fare, sir. Here is your 45 cents that completes your change,' and the pennies were forced into the unwilling passenger's hands. He stormed and swore, took down die conductor's number and the number of the car, and asked the names of several of the passengers ' as witnesses.' Then he discovered that he had gone several blocks beyond the place he had started for, and filling two pockets with his ' change,' assuring the conductor that ' this will be looked into, sir,' jumped into a mud puddle instead of waiting to ride 10 feet further to a crossing. The conductor quietly remarked to the passenger who was helping him to hold down the rear platform of the car, ' That nothing smaller than a five is too old a game for Henry. He'll have enough small change the next time he wants to ride with me.' The other day a ragged, unkempt newsboy pulled the Dell of the residence of Dr. George F. *Shrady, New York, and'asked the servant if 'the doc. was in.' Just then Dr. Shrady emerged from the parlour, and the newsboy made a rush at him with an up turned thumb. 'What's the matter, boyr'aEked the doctor. ' Pisen'd thumb, doctor,' answered the youth. 'How:' 'Cat.' 'H'm! Come in.' The gamin marched into the study and had his ' pisen'd thumb' duly doctored. During the process he explained that he' had been chasing a cat. 'I cornered the old Tom in an ash-barrel,' continued the newsboy, ' an' jes' as I was pullin* the black cuss out by his 'tail he goes back on hisself, turns round and gives me an almighty bite.' 'Why did you come to me :'asked Dr. Shrady. 'Oh! I didn't want to go to any o' them common iizzizishuns.' ' But uncommon physicians want uncommon fees,' said the doctor, eyeing the urchin; 'how much have you got r' The boy dived into his ragged trousers' pocket, fished out some cents, and held them in his open, dirty hand. Dr. Shrady smiled and told him to put them back. ' Say, doc,' said the lad, determined to pay something ; ** here, take a Daily Noos,' and he flopped one on the table. Just as he got to the door ot the study he suddenly turned back and said, 'Say, doctor, I only got 'nother left ; yer might ters well have this,' and flopped the second Daily Koos on. the table. Then he paddled off to the front door, hitch ing up his trousers, but a thought 6eemed to strike him suddenly, and turning back he peered in at the study-door and said, as he pulled ? a lock of his hair, ' Say, doc, 1'se forgot ter thank yez.' Dr. Shrady has had many rich patients, but this is the first time he has had a patient s whole stock-in-trade as a fee. A coloured man named Bob Tompkins was on trial before an Austin Justice for assault. Old Uncle Mose was one of the leading witnesses for the State. The main point was, whether or not Tompkins had given any provocation to bring on the row. ' Now, tell this jury all vou know about the affair,' said the Justice. ' Kin f tell the jury all I know, in my own way?' asked Old Mose. '? lres, tell the jury' what you know in your own way.' Old Mose turned solemnly to the expectant jurymen: — ' Gem'inens ob de jury, you am de meanest-looking crowd eber I seed— — ''' ' Stop !' bawled the attorney for the State. ' Your Honor will incarcerate tiie witness for contempt of Court !'' howled the attorney for the prisoner. The foreman of the jury got up alid asked the Court to protect the jury from insult. ' Witness, if you insult the jury again, I shall certainly resort to extreme measures.' 'I'm not going to consult nobody if you don't interfere wid me,' said Old Mose, sullenly. 'Proceed.'' ' Gem' mens ob de jury, you am de meanest-looking crowd eber I seed outside ob a gaoi ? ' The prosecuting attorney jumped up and down. The foreman of the jury once more howled— ' Your Honor !*' The constable laid his heavy hand on the coliar of Ole Mose, when the latter calmly repeated to the jurv — ' You am de meanest-looking crowd ever I seed outside ob a gaol. Dem was de bery words de prisoner dar used when he fust come inter de bar-room, an' which led to de row.' The foreman sat down quick. The attorneys doubled up like jack-knives with suppressed laughter. His Honor smiled. The spectators roared ; while Mose, with a surprised look of childish innocence, once more said emphatically to the cowed jurymen — ' You am de meanest-looking crowd ever 1 seed outside ob de gaol.' There can hardly be a doubt that there is some thing wrong about the Indian country. There is not a gaol anywhere within the bounds of the Cherokee reservation. No country can ever be at a high point of civilisation in which there are no gaols and nobody does anything to need them. We have always been taught to look upon Damon and Pythias as one of the most beautiful stories of friendship and honour. ;. Listen to this from the Cherokee Indian, and ask yourself if it does not .give you some different opinion of him. An Indian was shot for killing a man some time ago. A stranger in the territory happened to be with the Sheriff when the news was received that the appeal had been lost and the sen tence must be carried out. 'Yes,' said the Sheriff, ' I'll have to have the poor fellow shot.' 'Where is he? I don't see the gaol.' 'He's at home.' 'A prisoner under sentence of death at home!' 'Certainly; he's out on his word. He's been at home three months. We've got no gaols here.' ' Well, you don't expect to get him to come and be shot.' ' Certainly I do. He'll be here to-morrow. I sent for him.' And the merry stranger laughed. Next day he was on hand to witness the Sheriff's discomfiture. But a few minutes before the hour a cavalcade appeared in. the distance. It was headed by a manly young Indian, and it was made up of his friends. They rode gallantly up, and the young Indian surrendered himself to the Sheriff. He went about the crowd, shook hands with everybody, .gave one his saddle, another his horse, aud so on, until he had disposed of all he possessed. Then he selected his bosom friend as the man to fire the fatal shot, an honour his bosom friend esteemed highly. He took his place, pinned a piece of blue ribbon over his heart, the point the bullet was to take, and stood up like a man! A few seconds there was a shot, and he was dead. I wonder if there is nothing at all the white man can learn from the Cherokee Indian ? ' That was a queer game of poker we had in Iowa the other day,' said the drummer as he took some celluloid chips out of his pocket and put them away in his grip. ' Sam Slocum of Omaha and two or three more of us were amusing ourselves with a little game of draw as the train creeped along thro' the snow drifts. Pretty soon we stopped at a little sta tion and waited a long tune for another train. While we were there I opened a big jackhot for 10 dollars, and everybody stayed. After the draw I bet 10 dol lars more, aud everyone dropped out but Sam. He got his hands on his chips as if he meant to see me, when a man who had just come into the car called out — ' Here's a telegram for Samuel Slocum.' * All right,' says Sam, opening the envelope and looking at his message, a smile coming on his face. 'I was just going to call you, but now I'll see your 10 dollars and raise you the' limit. I give you fair warning that I have* a remarkable hand.' ' I don't care how remarkable your hand is,' says I, ' it will cost you just dollars more to see what I've got.' * I'm your jnan,'. says Sam, with a chuckle, ' and I'll raise you another 20 dollars. I'll back this hand with my life.' 'That's a nice bluff,' I retorted, 'but you've struck- the wrong customer. I'll call you,' and at this I was so excited that I threw down my hand, showing three kings and two aces. 'That's a nice hand,' said Sam, looking it over and chuckling again in a way that was quite exasperating to me, ' but it is no good. Gen tlemen,' he went on, ' Ive just made one of the most remarkable draws on record- I held up au ace, took four cards, and now held three pairs.' 'Then you have six cards,' I exclaimed, * and the pot is mine.' ' Not so fast,' says Sam coolly ; ' I have two pairs— of seven spots— and this.' And here he handed us the telegram, grinning like a monkey. The telegram read — ' Twin boys to your wife this morning. All well.' Sam took the pot, but before the 'day was out I guess he had spent every dollar of it in honour of the third pair in that remarkable draw.' 