Ctttmba Wet Chilly. Garner's. Conversazione. Theatre Royal. Peppery words. Garnets or rubies. Gawler jubilarity. i *' La Somnambula." Exhibition eviction. Criminal Sittings over. First day of Port Show. Single member districts. Another strike of colliers. Shearers' strike in'N.S. W. Potosi for London on Monday. Exhibition admissions, 184,472. Exhibition Register on Monday. Do not forget the poor to-night. Barometer at noon to-day, 30 39. Mr. Stuart prays for an enquiry. St, Oswald's Day. Who was he ? Patriarch Cox reopened old sores. Fiji for sale; no reasonable offer refused. Keen rivahy between local correspondents* An experienced and entertaining prisoner. Dr. Campbell ha3 hit the nail on thf head. Exhibition open to-night only to those Invited. Exhibition shut to season ticket-holders to*. night. All the world and his wife at Exhibition tff* night. About time that Cradosk Ghost disap* peared. Missionaiy Chalmers will preach twice o]|r Sunday. When are we to have a few days of finQ weather? Will some one boycott the Clerk of thQ Weather ? How is it that Charlie Mann has become tf Portonian? The New Zealand Seamen's Union hava troublc3 too. When tlueves fall out the Supreme Court' is entertained. Did Ebby and Johnnie have a " liquor-up", after that breeze. Mr. W. R. Pybus will recite on Exhibition organ at 3 o'clock. Do not forget to tike some small change with you to-night. Government managed the business of tha session so far well. Intercolonial shootists to be selected after next two practices. Quite a gilaxy of musical talent at Exhibition this evening. Commander Walcot wants gunners frsf; and seamen second. Moisoo quietly laughing at John Bull over New Hebrides game, Hrppy Johnnie was mirth personified! minus tbe innocence. " Rabbits cross in millions from S.A, into N.S.W." Is that so? Will Standish get at the Wealeyan paraon who visits the Stockade ? Warden Smith is ready to give Salt; Brimden a leather medal.' ' If litigation does not improve the Judgej wi'I join the unemployed. When the Ornate opes Lhis mouthy let no oj bark or he will be bit. * r ^ Seamen's Union fighting captain of tne /nron through the Press. How Ion; will it take for the quests to file ast the Governor to-night ? The Weather Clerk bas evidently sot been nvited to the conversazione. Local correspondents had better abstain rom politics and vote by ballot. Hopkins with his huge grin waB not demon* trative yesterday. What's up ? Wonder whoBe money it really was tho entridge pals quarrelled about t South Australian tenderers will not be nnffed out by unpatriotic officialdom. Sun rose at G.52 a.m.; sets at 5.13 p.m. oon set at 7.33 a.m.; rises at 6.42 p.m. No disfranchising of districts by divided otes if Government proposal be adopted. Reduced interest on deposits if Sonth Ana*, alia and New Sonth Wales Banks agree. Chaffey's arguments are not Quite so fareichcd as those of the would-be plunderers; Sydney haB another interesting leeal deci« on. Melbourne will have to find a case oc. o. It will not be wise to trust a valuable life the tender mercies of a Government railay. Will the Court-martial on the prisoner? at arge, wa^es stopjod, be held before Dooms* ay? One of Lord Hartincton's chief supporters as forsaken him and returned to his oldl hief. Mr. S. R. Wilson, the manager of tha roken Hill Proprietary Company, in Adeide. The Seamen's Union ought to be gratified aving. Charlie Mann for their advocate ct/» w ore. Home for Incurables as full ai funds will ermit. Six now waiting for " dead men's - hoes." Mirthful Bray should solace himself with he reflection that " There's noS a Su.in^. jtuned to mirth but has its chord in melanholy." Ignorance of the law is no excuBe" is mong the mo it necriaary of all legil axims. Trades and Labour Council Secretary and on. Samuel will rub noaes at the Exhibition o-risht. Wonders will never cease — the genial ohnnie lloBt his go as-yon-please temper esterday. Mr. Pearson's letter throws more light on he subjcct of the recent discovery of preious stones. The Chairman of Committees prizes his 'gnity! It is a shame to rob a poor man ot is only lamb. A cro3B Crumbman says he is very sor.y' hat he has not been invited, as he will have o keep his 1B. The Mayor of Ba!larat suggests frit tha olony wants more energy in order to cufe : ictorian throats. Shareholder objects to the protective policy f the Seamen's Union in respect to the Adeaide Steamship Company. Dr. Wylde had a very bad attack of staistics yesterday. Better take a fortnight in he Convalescent Hospital. It has become] quite a little game to solemnly propose amendments and then as gravely to withdraw them. Another argument for decentralization-** the north and south afflicted with a snowstorm, while the city escaped. Australian National Union will find employment enough to perfect its own Constitution before Amending the State's. " Unless we got reciprocity Victoria would not again do the business she had done," says her Commissioner .of Customs. Rowley says he pays his taxes, That's only one of his many duties for the performance of which hs must not c^aim credit. More smallpox in the Northern Territory. Darwinians will have something to talk about besides South Australian mismanagement. Three Port Justices decided that one man constituted an assembly of peisons, but tbo Adelaide Court failed to appreciate ths humour. When Sir John speaks now he is always in the minority. An admirer says he courts not popularity, but rather the courage of his opinions. That the thoughts of great men often correspond is the only explanation of our Rowland being the author of what he says with such ineffable &race.; Whenever the Ornate Logician loses himself amid confusing arguments (as is often the case), he has always that one Bure refuge to flee to—" Gray's Elegy in a Churchyard'" Though the acoustic properties of the Assembly Chamber are not excellent, it is unnecessary for Mr. Nash to speak with the energy and inflexion of a Gulliver amongst Lilliputians. It was rather a stretch of "poetical licence" for Rowley to liken the stentorian tones of the Premier to the moaning of an ,l'.olian harp. Bi't then Rowley has a gigantic imagination, which he mistakes for intellect. Quotation for to-day—Jean Armour married to Kobert Burne, 1788 :— We may be poor—Eobie and I, Light is the burden luve lays on ; Content and luve bring peace and joy— What mair ha'e queens upon a throne T* 