Epitome of News. Mr. Clarke, Minister of Justice, will re-open the Mount Rennie case during recess. The total amount of fees received at the | Patents Office during the five years end ing May 31, 1887, was £17,920. An old midwife named Elizabeth Swift, who lived alone, was found dead in her house off Riley-street, Sydney on Friday. The unemployed in Gunnedah have an nounced that if they cannot get anything j to eat by other means, they will be obliged to steal. All military prisoners in Sydney, sen tenced to various terms of imprisonment, have been released. Twenty-four floggings have been in- j flicted upon prisoners in this colony for I infractions of gaol rules during the last j five years. The women's loyal Jubilee address! presented to the Governor of South Australia, for transmission to the Queen, bears 10,000 signatures. A list of prisoners who are recom mended to be released in honour to the I Queen's Jubilee were submitted to the Go vernor of Queensland on Thursday. It is reported at Brisbane that a man named Connolly died after a boxing match with another man named Hanley at the ! Kamalga sports on Tuesday. Hanley has j been charged with manslaughter. The ceremony of naming the Great Hall of the Victorian Houses of Parliament wa3 j performed on Thursday at Melbourne. The Government declared the name of the ] hall to be " The Queen's Hall." In the Goulburn police court, on Fri day, Mr. Edward Joseph Ball, M.L.A. for Argyle, was charged with a breach of ! the Stamp Duties Act, in neglecting to affix a stamp to a rent receipt. He first ] pleaded not guilty, but afterwards pleaded guilty. He was fined 40s., and 4s. lOd. costs, on each of the three charges. Some three or four years ago a young | man named Barracks was sentenced to | penal servitude for life for shooting a fellow employe in the Railway Department, Newcastle. The incident arose out of a I quarrel about a woman. Subsequently | the sentence was shortened to 10 years'1 imprisonment. The attention of the Min ister of Justice has recently been directed to the case by an influential memorial■ signed by a large number of residents of I Maitland and Newcastle districts in favour I of the prisoner. .The young man is said to have borne a most excellent character. Under all circumstances the Minister deemed he would be fully justified in re commending his release, and the young man was accordingly discharged from Maitland gaol on Saturday. The steamer Pathan, which arrived from Hongkong, brought 142 Chinese passengers for the colonies. Seventy eight are for Sydney. Another dead body of a female infant has been discovered at Bondi. A girl, named Etta Farrell, residing at Macquarie street south, was playing with some chil dren when she discovered under some rocks the remains of a child in a bag, which had in it some lead weighing about Jib. A narrow escape from another railway accident is reported. A special train left Melbourne shortly after two o'clock on Thursday afternoon, and proceeded as far as Donnybrook, when the brakes brought the train to a standstill. It was then fouud they would not act, and as an ex press was known to be behind, the guard ran back with a red flag to stop it. A luggage train intervened, however, and succeeded in pushing the special train out j of danger before the express arrived. In regard to the rumour that the Crown | intended to take action against the Bul letin for disparaging allusions to the Queen it is stated on the best authority ] that the rumour is without foundation. Mr. G. A. Sala delivered a lecture at ] St. James' Hall, London, upon " What I j saw in Australia and New Zealand." Speaking on emigration, Mr. Sala declared | that England had no right to send her j black sheep to the colonies. He described ; the Australian press as " honest, patriotic, and cleanly." Sir Charles Clifford has been created a baronet. Sir Charles was the firstSpeaker of the N. Z. House of Representatives. A young married woman named Dalan-1 zel died at the Prince Alfred Hospital on Tuesday, from burns received from her j dress having caught fire. Dr. George P. Teague, of Collins-street, Melbourne, while driving in a buggy on Monday night, at the corner of Bourke and Swanston streets came into collision with a lorry, and received such injuries that he died the next morning. The prisoners confined in the Pentridge ] stockade at Melbourne were treated on | Monday to a number of luxuries in the | shape of plum pudding, tea, and tobacco. They were also allowed two hours' extra exercise. Those undergoing solitary con finement participated in all the indul gences. Sir Wm. Clarke has presented a dona- ] tion of £500 to the Ballarat Anglican j Cathedral. It was anticipated that many children j would be lost in the crowds last evening (says Wednesday's Brisbane Courier) but j the police were very active, and imme diately took any small child straying an-! protected in the crowd to the watclihouse. j Their descriptions were then taken, and j they were afterwards placed in charge of j a woman. Parents had, therefore, no i difficulty in. finding their lost little ones. ! Between the hours of 6 and 7 o'clock j seven children were taken in for protec-' tion by the police, but by H p.m. they j had all been claimed. After the hours | named no others were found. The Government will not part with the j tramways. Frank Reilly, in charge of a mob of fat cattle, from Cloncurry and Strathfield, bound for Bourke, informs us (Winton Herald) that when travelling over some unstocked country, several of the bullocks were attacked with a curious complaint. They became dazed and stupid, and at the slightest noise would " run amuck," and rush across country until they actually fell down from exhaustion. For days afterwards the animals appeared stupefied, | and lost condition, but no deaths occurred. Several of the drovers had a narrow escape from being gored. The other bullocks, when one of their number was seized with the complaint, broke up into knots and refused to move until the commotion had subsided. Mr. Reilly believes that the cause of the trouble was a species of pea, somewhat resembling the Darling pea, which was found on the unstocked coun try, but disappeared when Elderslie was reached. The Mackay Standard says :—A sad accident occurred on the railway line on Saturday, 4th instant, resulting in the death of a little girl named Christine Cos tigan, aged about 12 years, and daughter of an old and respected resident of this district. From what we have been able to gather, it appears a ticket was taken for the little girl at Walkerston station for Pleystowe, by the up- train which leaves Walkerston about 1.30 p.m., and that she then got on to the train unac companied by friends. At small places such as Pleystowe it is not usual to stop the train unless for persons who wisli to get off, in which case it is necessary to inform the guard of the train, or for per sons wishing to board the train, in the latter case the guard being able to see if there is anyone waiting, in plenty of time to pull up the train. In this instance the guard states that he was not informed of anyone wishing to get off at Pleystowe, and consequently the train went past it at the rate of about 19 miles an hour. It appears then that the little girl, seeing the train was going past Pleystowe, and thinking she could jump clear of it, made a spring, when by some meaus or other she was drawn under the carriage and carried along about eight chains. As soon as the accident was discovered the train was immediately stopped, and on going back the poor child was found to be fearfully mutilated and quite dead. The Hobart Mercury says that an ex citing incident occurred at the general Hospital on Friday. Mr. Thomas Lloyd, the well-known football player, one of the patients suffering from typhoid fever, managed, while in a state of delirium, to make his escape, and was only captured after a series of sensational incidents. Mr. Lloyd was in a ward in the front hos pital, and about 9 o'clock nurse White, who was attending him, left him to give some food to another patient, when, hear ing a sharp noise as of something being torn asunder, she turned round and was terrified to behold Lloyd speeding along the ward, and out into the corridor. He jumped clean over one- of the women cleaners, who was at work in the corridor, and seeing the front door shut dashed out by the back. The cleaner gave chase immediately, but failed to get hold of him. He was dressed only in the long ; loose, white garment which hospital pa- j tients wear, and with this flying behind him ran down towards the creek, mounted the hospital wall, and began to creep along it in the direction of the Sir George Arthur Hotel. Mr. Reid, keeper of St. Peter's Hall, was startled by the sight of the ghost-like figure scrambling along the waU, untU he got near Mr. Clay's pre mises, where he was some 23 feet above the ground. Letting himself down by his hands, by which he clung to the top of the wall, Mr. Lloyd dropped to the ground, where Mr. Reid got hold of him, but he struggled violently, crying " Let me go home 2 Let me go home ! Ser geant Saunderson was close by in Camp bell-street at this moment, and seeing the struggle climbed over the intervening walls and gave Mr. Reid assistance. They controlled the unfortunate patient be tween them, and conducted him by the little bridge near St. Peter's Hall over the creek into Collins-street. They were met by the cleaner and another woman from the hospital, who had thoughtfully brought a blanket with them, which was wrapped round Lloyd, and one or two other police men having now arrived, he was carried round to the Campbell-street entrance to the hospital. A trial of the Avery Gang Plough was made on the farm of Mr. P. Carmody, Emu Creek, Warwick, on Thursday. The plough did some good work, and those present spoke in high praise of it, believ ing it to be a very suitable implement for the black soil of the Downs. About two acres and a half were got through in good time, and Mr. Coen, the agent, explained all matters to the farmers. About forty people witnessed the trial, and appeared highly satisfied with the result. A breach of promise case came on for decision in the Brisbane District Court on Wednesday, which attracted some atten tion. Miss Margaret Clunes sought to recover from Mr. D. F. Pring Roberts, solicitor, practicing in Brisbane, £10,000 damages, for breach of promise of mar riage. In the plaintiff's statement of claim it was set forth that in or about the month of November, 1882, she and the j defendant agreed to be married; that a reasonable time for such marriage had j elapsed before the commencement of the present action ; that the plaintiff had al ways been ready and willing to marry tbe j defendant, but the defendant refused, and still refuses to marry the plaintiff; and that by reason of the defendant's neglect and refusal to marry the plaintiff, she had endured great anguish, and had suf fered great loss and damage. She claimed 1 —(1.) £10,000 damages. (2.) such fur ther or other relief as the nature of the case may requite. The jury were sworn, and Mr. Byrne informed his Honor that,; there was a likelihood of the case being settled between the parties, and he wouM therefore ask that it he postponed until the afternoon. The case was adjourned accordingly. In the afternoon, the conn sel for the parties appeared, when Mr. Byrne informed his Honor that a settle ment had been effected. It is understood that the agreement come to between the parties was that the defendant should pay the plaintiff the sum of £500, half in cash and the balance in instalments. On Monday last (says the D. D. Ga zette) a serious accident befell a little daughter of Mr, Dugald Paterson who, when walking on the footp£|h in Neil street, was run over by a young man named Murphy, who was riding a bicycle. The collision resulted, we are sorry to say, in the child's thigh being broken. Dr. Roberts was called in and the fracture reduced. How the rider came on the footpath, and why he was there are ques tions which require to be answered, as the law on the subject is stringent and should be enforced. Bicycles have no more right on the footpath than horaes or vehicles. ' : A girl of about 10 years of age, daugh ter of the late Henry Harrison, of Upper Araluen, died rather suddenly at about 2 o clock on Sunday morning (says the Braidwood Dispatch), and her brother came up to town during the day and gave information to the police, who apprise^ the coroner of the occurrence. It seems that the girl was suffering very much from toothache on Tuesday^ and her gum swelled to a great extent. No medical aid was called in, and she died at the hour stated above, it being alleged that the swelling had increased so much that she was choked. Under these circum stances, it was deemed expedient that an inquest should be held, and accord ingly at about 9 o'clock on Monday morn ing Mr. Bunn. accompanied by Dr. Llew ellyn, started for Araluen, the inquest being fixed for 1 o'clock. The result of the inquest was a verdict that the girl died from suffocation, in consequence of a swelling in the throat. The SVarrnambool correspondent of the Age reports that a fearful accident hap pened at Mailor's Flat seven miles from Warrnambool. A farmer named Cath carfc was cutting down a tree while two of his children were playing round a fire about two chains distant. Just as the tree was falling, one of the children ran towards her parent, and was struck by, the branches of the tree, being completely, embedded in the ground, and Cathcarb having to dig away the earth to extract her. The child, who was only three years of age, was fearfully crushed, and death was instantaneous. Tuesday's Daily Telegraph stated that yesterday Mr. Schey, M.P., intro duced to the Premier a deputation from the Salvation Army, consisting of Major' Pollard (chief of the army in New South Wales), Staff-sergeant Hodges, and Mr.; Pickering of Redfern, a sympathiser with: their work. The object of. the deputa tion was to obtain for the army the same privileges and facilities for the reclama tion of prisoners as were accorded in the neighbouring colony of Victoria to the officers of that institution. Mr. Pollard' explained that in Melbourne a represen tative of the army was allowed inside the prison gates before the prisoners were discharged, and was enabled to offer them a home to which they could come when they tried to become reformed men. He also asked that they should be allowed the same privileges as clergymen to go in every week and see the prisoners. Sir Henry Parkes said he was very much in terested in what the deputation had asked, and would communicate with the Mel-' bourne authorities and endeavour to findr out what had been done there. He conld give the deputation no distinct promise: until he had heard from Melbourne, and had consulted the officials of the gaols in Sydney. He was desirous of meeting their wishes, and would do what he could towards that end so soon as he had learned something more on the. subject. Yesterday afternoon (says Friday's He- , kali}) the water police received informa tion that a small boat with three boys in,j it was about two miles,-to, the eastward of North Head, and as there was a very strong westerly wind blowing it was feared they would be driven; put to sea. .The = Nemesis, police launch, in charge , of In- - spector Douahoe, proceeded to. their as sistance, and towed the boat, which had been hired, back to the harbour. One of the boys, when asked where: they were, . going to, replied, " This boy knows, we . were going to Broken. Bay." And when • asked to indicate where Broken Bay was, he pointed direct to the eastward. There is i: little doubt but that the boys had a -very narrow escape. . . » The late Mr. Bushby was one of the - oldest members of the Legislative ;Coun— ; cil, and also one of the founders of the Australian Club,! and was universally respected by all who knew him. The,-' deceased gentleman came out to Sydney in 1824 with his father, John Busby, civil , engineer, and his brother, Dr. George; Busby. Mr. John Busby (father of de- . ceased} was one of the first civil engineers . to come to the colony. . . William Butler, aged 80 years, who : had been an inmate of the Benevqlenjfc. Asylum, Hotham Hill, since Jdarc)i, 1884^ committed suicide by hanging himself, on. -> Friday morning, at 6. o'clock, in the boiler-room of the institution. He was found (says the. Melbourne Telegraph) ; by William B. Bees, another inmate, hanging from a pipe 'in: the ceiling by a piece of window cord, and was cut down by Wardsman Huggins. The deceased , was subject id fits of agqe'. .'He was seen 1 to rise at 4 o'clock, and to light the fire, , and was not seen again until he was found ' dead. i. .f -1 The Albury correspondent of the Age. v 1 reports that a fatal case of burnihg oc curred near Giiigellic on Tuesday. It ap pears that the daughter of a fanner named Andrew Walker, who was about 17.yefui of age, was preparing dinner? when her dress caught fire, and before theflatnes could be extinguished she sustained fright- ' A ful barns ill dver h'erbod^, a&d;'shedidd' before medicalassbtanceateved. mJii 