ANOTHER FISHER'S GHOST. On Tin-shy la«t Mrs. II. Small, residing at Ludil'-nham, about twelve miles frotn Penrith, reported to S->rgc.int Dove that her son, aged 19 years, or returning houn at about 12 30 that morn ing. and when near tho Fiery Paddock, saw u ph»phorcNc<mt fi.'ureab -ut thu mzo of uu elephant, Out of toe Miapu ol a ii>»g, I his changed to a fiery circle shortly afterwir Ih, nnd shortly after that tu thu figure of a man, headless. Tho young inait became «."> terribly alarmed that ho started ofT towards hoiiiii at a pico that would surprise oven Ktmtiels. Ho told his mother what ho had seen, and on the f dlowing the two proceeded to thu spot, when they saw the remains of a fire, and among the deluM ruino burnt bons ami other tiling-1, which C'lii-u-d Mrs. .Small to givu information to thu police. Ou Wednesday Sergeant Dove, accompanied by Moiifttcd-courttabie iiolfour, proceeded to Mrs. Sm ill's residence, who at once took them to tho spot indicated. After a search tho sergeant collected certain portions of the burnt dohrls, including bones and buttons, ,to., which lie brought into Punrith. Tiie locality ia described as in a very out-of-the-way place, near the southern boundary of the Homestead run, nnd near the famous Filly Paddock, about a mile nuil a half from the Luddenham-road. Judging by all the surrounding, there is ovory appoaranco uf a body having boon burned ; and what is more Minpicimis, within n fowfuutof tho firo, A hole has l.cfii dug about 0 feet long, 2 feet wide, and ahout IS inches deep, dug by some blunt tool, Thii Imlo aud tho remain of thu firo appear to bo of about two years' standing, and thu genoral Impressiou iu that there has been foul play. The police have undo every inquiry, but ho far without finding anything til-it would at all load to elucidate the myrttory. Thu bom s woro m» Thnridny oxaminod by Dr. Brady, nnd carefully oomparud, with tho tusiilt that thu doctor at onou pronounced the bouus tu be these nf a human being. Tiik Radiiit Pkht. — Appended ia ft copy of a very important circular issued to a numbor of lessees in the inoro heavily infested portion of the Westcru Division s — " Dopartmeutof Mines.—' Thcoxpcricnco of tho past iu dealing with tho rabbit post makes it apparent that tho romudy for the increasing cost of destruction must bo sought iu th» direction «f rabbit-proof fence nrouiul thu past »ral holdings in thu intcstud districts. A uunibur of pnstnralists luiidiug this view havu purposed that the Govern- im'iit Hhould defray the oust of such fences ; that the Iuhsous should pay inturo-it upon tho outlay, and that after thu fences have been tuado rabbit-proof tho whole cost of destroying tho post within the oncloscd areas shnld bo born© by tho lessees. Ah # preliminary step towards tho accomplishing of this object tho Govcrnmout has boon reuommsudcu tu enclose a number of thu most thickly Infested hold logs, comprising an area of about 12,000, (MK) acres, which would require about 2000 miles of fuucing. Your run being within tho area purposed » liu operated upmi, I nui instructed to inquire whether in t ho uvonfc nf thu G<»vornm»nt deciding to supply netting and pay cost of erecting same uptmyjuir fences so as to enclose the whole run, you will umlor- tattu tu pay -1 per cout. upon tho coat of so muob of the fence as encloses your leasehold area and will keep iu repair uud good order tho netting round the wltolo run. It is furthor proposed that upon coin pletioa of the rabbit-proof fence around a holding, no furthor subsidy will ho paid to tho owner thereof, but as soon n« thu subsidies so saved equal tho oust- to tho Government of tho fouao, tho owner shall no Inngur ho required to pay interest and tho fence itself shall become thu propurty of the ovvuer. (Signed) IIaiuuk Wood, Under- Secretary." ToManbil Station,— In our last t«stie appeared an advertisement frotn Messrs. Gnrnsoy nnd Wilcox, of Forbes, aunounclng their intention t.o offer the abovo well-known proporLy for sale. Tho sale has brum pustponud for tho present j but duo notice will be givon when tho statiou will bo offered. Death of Lady Stuart.— A cablegram was ru- oeivod in Sydney, on Tufmlny last, amumnoiug the (loath nf Lady Stuart, widow of the iato Sir AU-x- andor Stuart. Marsupial Skinm.— Tho highest price over ob tained in the Sydney market for inaritupi-d skies was realised by Mort and Co., Limited, at thuirmlu, 0,1 iuusduy, 19th iiiht., when a parcel of kangaroo skius frumWarwick, Quoannland, cured by drying, nod averaging 31b. oaoh, without thu tails, brought 9s per skin. The Lamiiino on tub Bon an. — Our Upper Bogan oorrcsp-mdent'status that tho average iu that district linB been about 80 prr coat, 'The wot cold weather has prevented a larger return, and also caused tho Iambi to Do vory weak. Pianoforte Tuning.— By advertisement it will bn iiotiuml that Mr. G. II. Martin, Messrs. Paling and Co's. tuner, is about to visit Duhho. Land Salk at Warrks. — During Show week, Messrs, F. C, Toinpson, aud (Jo. will offer a large quantity of land at Warren. In thu catalogue ulrsady aro 47 town allotments aud soma well improved selections. WaurkvShow Sai.ks.— At the Warren Show, Mcssr. F. C. Toinpson and Co. will ofibr pure bru«l cattle— hulls from thu W.unliian i hord : sheep, of thn best Victorian blood, &c.; Mr. 15. N. ItlacKct, of Dubbo, will offer horses ; ami Mr. O, U. Taylor will sell some choico sheep, bred by Messrs. Martin, of Gumiegnldrio. SlIKFFIBLU HaNDICAF at YaLCOUHIS.— Sports will ho bold at Ynlcogriu on 12th August. A Shulfi-dd Handicap of £15 ii announced, and noiniuatious muit reach Mr. Bibb, the Secretary, Jon the Ut August. Tho affair ii being managed by au oxcollunt committee. Thr ovideuco given before tho Cjminitteo of Elections and Qualification during the inquiry into thu poHitlou of Mr. Neihl, M.P., nml hi appoint- nieut as n Comtnis-iionurnt tho Adelaide Exhibitimi, show that, up to thu tfith June, Mr. Xeild reouiv«ni £1,450(1(1 account of hi mission. Thin hai been mud solely iu tnuetiug tho claims in cunuuotion with Uiu exhibition. Tub Colonial Secretary has received a number «d reports from different part of the country Khowing that the demand fur labour in legititu itu p-rm ui'.-nt work as against uicru casual labour has greatly in creased of late. Tub roport of tho Bulli Fund Executive Com mittee ill regard to thn distribution of thu fuicls will hu considered by tho general committee on Monday week. Clear of expenses, the fund ii-i amount to over £37.000. Thr Orient Company's steamer Onnuz ha beaten thu record in tliu dohvury «f her mall on Tim«- lay, boing 32 days out from Euglaud, and 21 hours in advanco nf tho bct previnu record. Tub report of the A.J.S. Biuk sh-iw a uut profit of over £41,000. It is proposed to pay a dividend of 10 pur cent, and a bonus nf 2<. per share. The Minister for Works, iu cumpiuy with Mr. Sydney Smith, M.P.. visited Dirling lUrbniimn Saturday in connection with the proposal made by Mr. Smith tint instead of wood paving yard at Darling Harbour, at an estimated coat of £31,009, a ihud about 1,000 feet lung and "0 feet wide, be erected in such a position as to completely cowr both the railway line and tho dray road intervening. Mr. Smith c'lutuut that this will greatly facilitate rales, and prevent damage to produce iu wt w-athur. Uu nho point out that the Railway Depirtmunt will bu a groat gainer by tho speedy adoption of his proposal. In regard to the us-- of tarpaulin, ropes, ami truck, thu proposal i vimv«-.| with much favour, audit in thought tliu Mini-t-r will reuninmend it ndoption. Wolfe's Schsaim'a Htrengtlioii and brace op the Hy-ttem against disean.-, B.- Hiire you i>bt tin Wolfe's. A Sensational Jump. — A sensational jump recorded as having taken place oil Tuesday m-n oiii nt Uaultield. An «->u witness to thu feat inform- mu (" Asiiiodeus") that Lizstte, with Batty in tee Hiddlo on thu ui'irning named, accomplished a leap which hai probably never been equalled iu Au-tri- lia. Sly informant states that thu mire, in negotiat ing thu fence on thu hill opposite thu ntaL)i> formerly occupied by tho late Frank Long, took off so far from the obstacle that tho few spectators present anticipated with hoiror a catastrophe, a it soetucd impossible that she could cloar tho jump To tliu equal astonishment .and relief of the watcher, however, the gallant daughter of Hieroglyph landed clear, and so impressed were those present with the performance, tbat measure ment was quickly taken, uhunitwns found that Lizutto had taken off 25 feet from thu fence, aud iu tier jump had cleared a few inches over 35 fee. This, I fancy, i about the neire&t; Australian approach to Chandler's celebrated English record of 39 feut. Tub Druwnisii of Mil M'Maiion.— Tho follow, iug further particulars of thu accident whcieby Mr. M'Mahou lost his life aro taken from the 'Braid wood Dispatch.' Mr. M'Mahou was on a viit to thu district for thu benefit of his health, ami was the guest of Mr. Jamos O'Brien, at whom place hu has been staying for thu pas', month or o. It npprarn that, iu company with a torn of Mr. O'Bricu', Mr. M'Maiion went nut duek-shmiting in the direction of KcidsduR Thu two had not been proceeded moru then a mile or so from home when Mr. M'Maiion sunt a iluck, and thu dog refining to go into the w iterhole to fetch it nut, lie ......i... i ,(t itid (lAlhiH ntwl Mti'.im it him-idf. hut upnu his return he must hive been seized with n cramp for hu suddenly sank within a fow yards from tho hank. Young O'Brion, who was standing on the bank, sang out to him and nikcd him uliat was thu matter, thinking he had gone under purposely, but upon soi-ing tliu swimmer dirappuar thu second timo thu lad became alarmed, and bring unable to swim iuiinudutely made off for assistance, ami uot a moment's time wa lost in roauhing tliu scona of the accident; hut upon arrival there Mr. M'Mabon was nowhere to he ueeu, hi clothes bring on tho bank where ho had thrown them before going into tho watur after the duck. By telegraph we learn that the body of Mr. John .Stephen M'Mrthon, who was drowned in a waturholu ou Friday, was recovered about i) o'clock ou Monday, at tho very spot where hu went down, An inquest was held ou Tuesday. Thu body was forwarded by Monday niglit'R train to Sydney. Invigorate thu system with Wolfe's Scji.vait.s the purest stimulant in the world. Exciting Adventure with a Wiialf.. — An exciting adventure with a whale occurred during tliu cruise of the American whaling birquo John ami Wintbrop, which readied Fort Jackson on Friday. It fluuin that thu vessel was cruising south of Albany (W, A.), in September last, when a school of sperm whales was sce-i in thn distanco. Three boat were iu tho watur almost immediately, anil before nu hour had olnpsod two were made fast to an enor mous bull, apparently tliu finest of the sohool. Thu weather when tho hoots left the ship's side was looking very dirty, and just before tlm harpoons were sunt home a gale set iu. This roudercil the work of capturing thu prizj more diflicult, and in tho hurry to securo hiiu the whale turned round and attacked tho heats, biting one clean in two aud staviug in the other very badly. This was wil- noiHed from tho deck of tbo barque, nnd tlm feeling of tliouo on board, seoiug the whale attacking aud smashing tho boats, can ho butter imagined than described. No time was, however, lost iu proceed- iug to thu rescue of tho crews of tho bunts, who could be semi clingiug to tho wreckage. The third boat, then in the water, succeeded in picking up tbe crew of one boat, and thu vessel beat lip an l Baved thuuruwof tho other. Strange to rulutu, not one of the men was found to bo injured, although sevoral of them had a marvellous escape from being drowned, and wuro only just rescued in time. "Pistols and Coffee for Two."— A prominent member of the Legislative Council has received a challenge from a mombor representing a northern district in thu Assembly, to ineet him nt n place to hu arranged ami sett lu matters. It nppuars that tho first named made some refureucu to tno latter in tho disciisniou iu tho Upper House on thu Fay- 1 munt of Membuifl Bill. Tho gentleman who has | rccoivod the challenge has taken qo nutico of it, but i hi sens have accepted it on his behalf and it is 1 expected a lively time is in store for tho callonger when tho pnrtivs meet. The challenge refenud to was coutnmod in a postscript to a unto. Tliu post- seiipt called on thu Legislative Councillor referred to rotraet bis language, aud if lie was not prepared to do this to 'name a frioud,' Tho tnnttcr was regarded as a joke by tho writer and by most of the members of tho Assombly to whoso knowledge it I c uno. hut the sous uf the rocinuut evidently do nut j luok at It iu that light.—1 Daily Telegraph, Serious Aocidkst With a Bollock.— A fearfully painful accident huppoiii'd to a young man named Watson at the railway trucking yards Dir. Monday morning at Duniliquin. Watson is n mover, nn-1 arrived last weuk with n large mob of cattle from the neighbourhood of the Gulf of Carpentaria. Ou Monday morning ho was engaged trucking tho cattle nt the railway yards. Ainotigst them wni one which was mure than ordinarily wild. Ho wa at last got into tho track with others, and in his struggle ho full. Effjrts wore nmdo tu get him up, hut iu tho crash it was found impon-dhle, an 1 :it lust it was decided to lot him out again, Thi was duuu, nnd he charged in an infuriated manner dowu the race. Watsim saw him coming, and endeavoured to jump the fence, but had only got on the middle rail when tho brute came charging madly by. His horns caught in Watson's coat, aud the unfortunate young fellow was thus carried round the yard and dashed several tirnos ngaiint the fence, ills com- panioiis endeavoured tu resell" him, hut thu maddened beast rushed wildly about, ati-1 finally Watiou fell to thu ground. Thu bullock then gored and buttud him iu several places, and at lust some of tho bystanders managed to catch Watson bv tho leg and null him under the fence and nut nf thu yard. It was found hu hud hetm badly gored in tho groin and elsewhere, and hr.d also suffered other serintiH injuries, lie was taken to thu Royal lintel, and has since been uudur the charge of Dr. Noycs, who dues not anticipate fatal results. Thu yotmg m hi i a son of Mr. (.Sonrge Watson, thu veteran starter of the Victoria Racing Club.— »' Chronicle.' Wolff/s SchnaIts is a great relicfin Uhouma- tism, infinitely superior to brandy or whiekoy. Tiik Elkcm-ric Limit on a Sheer Station.— Tbo first electric lights to be used upon n sheep station iu thu colonics have just been installed iu Mr. J. M'C'nugiiey's wool-scouring shed at Tonralu, near Bourko. There being an objcctiou ou thu part of thu insurance companies to thu usu uf gasoline, it nccurrod tu Mr. M 'Caughey to make inquirio cun> corning the electric light, and finding that it would answer his purpose hu at nnco adopted it. Sixteen Swan iucamh-BCunt lamps fixed in convenient pod. tinii in the fthed give n brilliant and sternly light, at a cost nf !c9b than one-sixth of that nf ganoline or kumsuoe. The dyiiain, which is of the new " Wcit- mimitur" type, is driven by thn steam engitio which wo'ks the scouring nnd other machinery. New Inhulvknt..— John Fetors, uf Dublm, latvly a storekeeper. Liabilities, £269 9 Oil ; assets, £33 13 7d. Commercial Bank of Sydney—' The suv.miy- cighth half-yearly|meuiing nf thu Commercial Bank ing Company of Sydney was hold on Tuesday Mr. R. Junus prodding. Thu report showed that after deducting rohatu ou current bills, reducing premises account, paying into tax, and making ample provisions for bad and doubtful debt, the profit for (the half-year ninouutml to £89,858; the undivided balance from last half-year wa £15,135, making £95.993. which the directors apptopri ited thus: — To piymcnt of dividend for the half-year at thu ratu of 25 pur cent, p-r annum, £75.000 ; rcflcive for nquadinUou of dividend, £10,000; undivided balance, £ln,903. During tin: half-year a branch ha.l been opened at Fortitude Y-dhty, near Brisbane, in the colniiy of Queensland. Tin- following resolution wcrccirried iiuaiiimuu-dy : —"Tint tliu report and statement of account be ad'ipU-d, printed aud circulated amongst the sbar-t. holders "That Mr. G. J. Cohen b« re-elec'.ed a din-c'nr nf the bank;" "That Messrs. 15. M. Stephen nnd J. U. Street he elected auditor fur tlm ensuing year;" "That the tlntiki of the slmo- lioblurs he presented to the directors, general manager, and ufiiccrH of the huik for their very satisfactory management of thu affiir uf tho institution." At a meeting of the Cabinet on Monday, the qin.9ti»n >-f appointing a commD-noti to inquire i-i?o the railway management was again discussed, hut nothing wa definitely suttiud. The ofiieials court the fullest inquiry, asking only that the u-Mmnissi--n he o imp i-ud nf competent men. 