Sayed by a Dead Horse. I have heard of a man " working a dead-horse," but I never before heard of a man attributing the saving of his life to the working of a dead horse. The Westwood-Banana mailman achieved such a feat, however, about a fortnight ago. It happened this way. He was riding a horse, and driving two other horses ahead of him, from the Dee to Raimes's. The two loose horses plunged into a flooded creek and swam over. The mailman couldn't swim, but he, nevertheless, put his horse to the water, and set him the task of swimming across with his land weight on his back. In midstream, the moke got exhausted, and, ducking under the surface, quietly gave up the ghost. The mailman fancied he was a gone coon. However, the force of the current carried the dead Bucephalus within reach of a log. The mailman at once dismounted from the dead horse, and got astride of the log, from which perilous position he was rescued by some men who had seen his dead moke floating down stream, and had come to look for his own tf cold corpse." ' ; ? SUG-AB REDUCED FBOM 40 TO 2 PER CENT.-Angaston, . S.A., October 7,1886.-Nearly three years ago I found I was wasting away, and passing more urine than I ought. I was persuaded to consult a homospathic physician, who told me I had a Sugar Diabetes. His treatment failed to give me an^ relief. I then doctored with one of the leading physicians of England, but I was losing flesh, and was reduced to a skeleton; passed 7 quarts of urine in 24 hours, 40 per cent, being sugar. I suffered intense pain, and feeling that my earthly career was fast drawing to a close, I relinquished my business, and settled all my worldly affairs. For tunately, I heard ot Warner's safe diabetes cure, and determined to give it a trial. After taking the contents of 15 bottles, and observing the diet, I felt a wonderful, improvement, and the sugar was reduced to 2; per cent. I am free from paiu, pass the normal quantity of urine. have increased iu weight. -JAMBS TBELOAR. 