WEDNESDAY, JUKE 1, 1887. Modern Skeletons. : Beato, gwofK wieprite«, >,'.., : «ii aeuntibe Mitti !--ÛM Sang.®!**. ALTHOUOH the times appear to bave de- parted when churchyards yawn, and ghoata and goblins waite the earth at the witching hour of night, it ia tao plainly evident free« ;. what we seo and hear around us in eyery_ direction, that very nany akeletons are still hidden in. the oloaeta of huaoan affairs, and that th* thought of. them .retarda ? and mars much of our everyday progresa in fifa, aa exemplified by looking about the world in every direction!:' In thia ° way ' We see the Czar of Russia haunted by the Nihilist' ghest, which rattling its chains, and walking ¡ the castle of discontent, and dodging his every footstep with dynamite and other explosives, threatens at tho last to envelop him ia' bis fleshless arms, and pass away from our Bight amidst the blue fires of annihilation. Of coarse the outer world, and Englishmen and Colonials, look' upon this state of things with surprise and regret, and wonder, why the Emperor of all the Russians does not exorcise the evil spirit -in invoking the aid of the Church, and making the proper concessions necessary to Iny thin terrible ghost. Coming nearer home, we find our'respected parent (John Bull) afflicted by ghost* or skeletons, aa although according to [portraits, he is a fine portly-loolcing " bid gentleman, with plenty of money - .ia hie pockets, he hak many silent sorrows, auch as the Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister, Home ; Bule, the Socialist Question, and others, which like the Nihilist ghost, only require to be tackled with a finn hand to be settled at once and for ever. As to the first, the question ot Marriage with a Deceased Wife'a Sister has been before the 'British 'publie for many years, and ia now being debated at the-Inter colonial Conference in England, bat un- fortunately never appears to get beyond this stage, aa after being' brought before the pub- lic gase, every now and then, it M. amorally, taken back again into ita closet, and hung up again amidst the oofcwebs of time ; and why our respectad parent cannot get over this little trouble is a puzzle, for the simple reason that tho average Englishman could as (Mark Twain)puts it, marry his wife's sister firat, and then get over part of the diCculty, while it is satisfactory to find that the morale and. tone of tho English horneáis auch, thai John Ball ia se generally pleased with his firat wife that he over has a liking for her sister, and why the law forbids him to enjoy this harmless recreation ia ona of those things not easily understood. The skeleton of Homo Rule is however, rather a formidable one, as it too often tramps through the mother coun- try with fire and sword, and tries to blow up Parliament Houses and do other terrible things, to that our atout friend can hardly: rest'fh'hïs bed at nights, but ia eyer'haunted by the ghost of impending evil. Like the Nihilist Goblin, the Home Rule trouble could be easily laid, by making proper con- cessions, when Jt would pass from the gaea) at once and for eyer ; but unfortunately, aa malters axe at present, John Bull' ia ill' advised enough to'endeavor to shut th« ghost up in a. closet, and try to keep it there by sword and bayonet, when .he could avert'the «vii as aforesaid.' Another trouble- some ghost ia the Socialistic one, and as it is now assuming huge proportions, it will have to be dealt with in some way or the other, or else it will ran riot through the land, and the conséquences may be serious. With all his wealth, the numerous children of John Ball, are fast resolving themselves into two Classes-the great' Houeé of Have,°añd the great House of Wini; and as the former are daily gathering to themselves, more richea,! and 'the latter going .from bad to worse, honest John may, soon have to oonsidar the advisability of reducing ,his expenditure in; high quarters in , the : shape of salariée and grants, and also, in assisting the various Colonies by means* of invested1 capital/ enable many of his surplus children to ¡ push1 out for themselves, and make happy! homes in other lands, but which it! is'almost! impossible to do without the means. The' Continental nations of Europe have also their skeletons of distrust and hatred, who ara always upon the alert, the consequence being the maintenance of huge standing armies] and ihe expensive munitions,of j wax. to, .repel what at Toast aro but ^shadows-in "the Wapej of thsibalanoe bf power-while in-Mxie quar-! tens, the ghosts pi SocUlum and Rationalism* are ever whUpering beside tte couches ol jocewned heads.. America and ?auuU>i: for- tunately appear rather fte« from shwltftons, those in the first country rising and falling, and,>frequently ge^tü^n,snuffód,Outiiin the march bf progress, and in this way organi-¡ estions, «uoh rwt'.^iM»tí%Wbm9Súng»" and others, are now, apparitions of J the -past jj while the worst ghost in Canada, appears to be the sectarian differences prevailing between Upper and over- Ganada,: Which; hwppuy, however, appear to bo 'fastJ dying out. Coming to these Colonies, we also sae skele-; tons, auch aa the unemployed difficulty, bad' llOTêrnmenÇ'itauway »xteri«^ Tl^plreitwnl "of tte Tim««,, SecUrianiam, anil other», which spoil the reat of our legislatora and mach! reUtd, the progress of the Colony generally ; bat after all they are only .Bantams,'.;BA« graaped «nth a fina hand, 'and brought before! the daylight of pnblip oi*>^n are only simple eVeryday mattera, after all, and the1 . sssre shadows of th» things now ai>pBar to bei Our Queetwland friends are also mnoh troubled with a Separation ghost, which mejr be soon laid t© rait wader tí» Federa tion Scheme propoeed by the TCngH-h Govern- ment, v^hich will render it necessary for the ¡Mfegi^Mk t«T consolieTaSe and%aawSC) pr£#e%r^^ asstf .po^áÉ*10 à&vmV; thereby %-eiTBrting' «se IfiLtf» too eaaaj .Colonies with hostile *riftk^\We ijiaijiglii in 4,hi» district have l^^l^^^algi^B^'^he; shaped had roads,. haAors, and ' sectarian ill-feeling, which perhaps trouble as aa much as those of i greater import, but like other hobgoblins, were they fairly taken in hand or grasped, ])j)4j|róe4píp*S she- attention of oar ruters .»/.?jwän c wianéS «UÉstsd actió^ leading to «be establishment of Local Government, Railway extensions, and Bar_. improrgments... these., ghosts would soon become shadows of the past to |he benefit ot Illy ? Looking at matters in ¿P0PtiLcftl»fid^^ it ..Would, almost appear aa if "communities and indi- viduals generally were partial to the skele- tons in their closets,^ »nd beever" holding them op to public gaze,"-poise- as'Cherry rs to their cause and country- ; and it is passing .strange that ip this (prapticaliige, j legislation Anti' ad m imstratioh fs so * fenced in hy impro- babilities, that little ÍB, done beyond talking and writing, and' our! (rulers and communities ever labor under the nightmare of difficulties and doubt; We;are apt to. boast, of our ad- vanced ideas and high state of civilization, but looking at the world generally, we appear to be but little removed from the dark ages, aslthè witches of envy j hatre.l, and malice sail amongst us on their broom-sticks, ' and drive politicians to despair, to the saddening amusement 'of those broad-minded cosmopoli- tans who believe that everything is possible in this life! under (Ordinary circumstances. ' ; 