Margaret Huntcr's Friend. All her life Margaret Hunter had lived alone with her grandfather in a gray stone hlouse in the midst of a garden, which bid it from the road. They had few visitors. Old AIr. Meorely would have nothing to do with neighbours, and those who came to the house were principally old friends from a distance. And, thinking of the cold, stern man, who had never once caressed her, it did not seem unlikely that he might have been unkind to her parents. He was not unkind to her, but he had never been tender. Black Jane was. fond of her, but she was ignorant and super stitious; and perhaps the most congenial companion Margaret had ever had was a strange 9ne-a woman no longer young, evi dently a hard-working person, yet as evi dently by birth a lady, who had met her once in the woods when she was a little child, and had asked her for a kiss, and who ever since had, now and again, crossed her path in some lonely place, and talked to her as no one else did. She had asked her name once, and the woman had said: "Call me Martha." " Martha was my mother's name," said the child; "she died before I ever knew her." Then suddenly she was strangely moved. "Oh. if I only had a mother!" shesaid. And the woman kissed her again, and two tears dropped from her eyes. That was years ago. Margaret was now seventeen; yet still she met tile pale, fair woman, with her hard worked hands and high-bred face, her common dress and lady like movements, in the woods by the little spring, amid the gray rocks in the pathway that led from the orchard itself. That was when her grandfather was away. And she had never spoken to him of this lady. lie never allowed her to have any friends. Of late, however, Margaret had had a little secret of her own-one that she did not tell her friend any more than her grand father. Some one else had met her in the woods. Some one else had told her, as this woman had said, the was beautiful. Yes, somd one else had kissed her also, with a hiss that thrilled her through and through. She had a lover of whom she knew nothing, save that he was handsome, that he praised her, that he said life was unblest wthoue t her. She knew her grandfather would put an end to the pleasant meetings if he guessed at them, and Ralph Hartland told her so. "A strange old gentleman, your grand. father," he had said: "a man who though doubtless deserving of respect, has no sympathy for others. Were I to go to the house and ask permission to visit you, though he knows me well enough by reputation, he would drive me from his door. We must marry first, Margaret, and then ask his for giveness. We can do without it if he refuses it, I think." And Margaret felt that if she had Ralph forber very own she could do without all else. What had her grandfather ever been to her? She loved her friend Martha much better. That day she kissed Martha fondly when she left her. She had promised her lover to leave home with him that night, and she knew that they might never meet again. She looked back after she had gone a little way. Martha stood looking after her, ehad. ing her eyes with her hand. All that evening Margaret wandered to and fro like an uneasy spirit, taking a silent adieu of her quiet old home. She felt some remorse when she looked at her grandfather, and she even felt sorry that she was about leaving Black Jane thus. But Ralph stood first. She had no thought of drawing back. She sat in the old kitchen at last, lingering over the spot where she had been happiest for if there had been any comfort it had been at Jane's knee-when the door burst open, and Jane herself tottered in, and, trembling with horror, cast herself upon her knees. "I have seen a spirit, Miss Margaret," said Jane; "a spirit from another world. I've seen your mother, child, white, and worn, and wretched, standing watehing your win dow from the orchardyonder. Some trouble is coming, some trouble is coming. What shall Idol" Margaret, with a horror for which she had no words, crouched at the black woman's side. For the moment her resolution failed. Bat the terror Ipassed ere long. She even grew to believe that Jane was the victim of her superstitious terrors ; and she went to her room at last, resolved to meet her lover as she promised. She had prepared her little bundle, and placed her tiny sum of moneyin the pocket of her dress. She had written a note to her grandfather, and laid it on the unrumpled pillow; and .now that the house was still-even Jane, in spite of terror, asleep in her garret-the girl crept down stairs and out into the orchard. The moon shone bright; the path to the road was clear, She crept down it and opened the gate. A little way beyond a dark figure stood among the trees. Ithastened forward. "My darling I" cried a soft voice. It was Ralph. All Margaret's terror van. ished. She was with her lover; she was safe. " A carriagestands at the foot of the lane," he whispered. "We will hbe beyond pursuit in an hour. Come, my darling." "As she placed her hand in his and lifted her lips to his own, another figure, crouched until now in the shadow of the great pear tree beside the gate, arose and glided like a ghost between them. A white face turned toward Rlhph Hartland, a white hand waved him backward. "Demon l" said a low, clear voice. "Black-hearted demon, leave this poor girl and go I" "Who are you who interferes?" said Ralph. "Her mother," said the woman. Margaret sereamed. She did not recog. nize Marllim, and, overcome by terror,fainted in her arms. When she again opened her eyes she swas alone with the woman. She knew her face and voice now, and angrily shrank from her. " Where is Ralph ?' she asked. " Ralph, asg' you call him, has gone forever I hope. If he has gone to his wife he has done well, for he has one. I am your mother. Years ago I left my father's home at night with one as bad as Ralph. We were mar ried, and six month atterwards I learned that he had another wife, and he finally fled to escape the State Prison. I only returned to place you, my child, upon the steps of the oldhomestead. After that I worked honestly for my bred in a farmer's kitchen, but I could not refrain from seeing my child. I have saved you, my darling. . Margardb sobbed upon her breast. "You mast not leave me, mother," she said. In the dawn two womin knelt before the old man, and he was not stern to them,'nor cruel; his lips pressed Margaret's forehead, but he took Martha to his heart. 