y the Rev. A(arde 'Ra inford. Now, on the subject of dealing with soule,.. I would like to tell you a story in my own; ministry. I willnot" varnish it one iota." I tell it beanuse it ouglt to be an endcouramgement to any toacher- here. We are sometimes die. heartened and:'discouraged, finding so little response toounr, testimony, or so little atten tion-paiticdlirly in Sunday- schools, amongst youn 'pno)1le.. ,solne time ago; beforeIEcame to Lodbnni'r;±sd-a parlsh- IinIreland:-- ItI was my great privilege and great honour to be:eant' by the' ??rd to the fainly of thh stewardlof the latoeEarl odfb IOdn, whoso chailids .IJ~wio;' Tho steward'!-:?id' t?o' daughter? ?O 'of soventeen andat oidtheirof' twelve, 'or. thereabouts, . These o tgirlsa were osiltten'wlth cisuimption, :'hey were very beautiful, with the sad beauty that betray a ishort life in this worldi.' I sed to call to see the two girls, especially the eldest-Sarah. She looked a very beautiful areature,-but was ignorant and shy.: When ever 'I went iinto her room she would, cover herself all over with blankets. I never heard her voice during the first six months I was' visiting' her. It might have been a man, woman, or, anything, for all I keew, lying there in' the bed.. The other little thing Annie-weas:in a bed at the side. ,She was a very little thing. I never thought of speak to her. They used to tell me sho: was only half-lwited. Howeverpoor Sarah--I used to visit her constantly, telling he'r the story of the ospl... One day I went in rather down-hearted . Well, Sarah," I said, " you are the most uncomfortable client I ever had. Here Ihdoie to you week. after ijeek, and therey are.... Iannot tell whether you are liotehin--.Whether you are asleep, or alive. Now, let-me delivr my messageand say a prayer.!' I went back the next day, and would you'tidlieve it l-I saw a .great big black gye, that'was all'-Said' I, " Well, 'I declare, Sarah yon gratify ne beyond measure. Yo.'are not aslep."./ Before I left that" day' the whole fnce-a poor wan' face--ws' all revealed ;'and with manmy a tear she said Jesus had been speaing to her when she hadn't spoken to Him. 'Now she was resting on Him, and soon expqeted to be with Him. I had some delightful times with her afterwards.' One day when I went there she was dying. Whileshe was juast breathing her last, her mother got her arms around mny neck; and I never was so near being strangled in my life. Between the agitatioh of the mother and the excitement of the whiskey for she was blind drunk.-I assure you it was as much asl could do to get rid of her. The girl died then and therc. I did not suspect the tuth aboit .thd iother, but grae her the credit'that what she had done was from extreme agitation. I buried Sasinh. Poor little Arinie became worse and worse. It is about Annie I want to tell you. I' used to go in to Annie-she had a wilful, sly little face and I would say.to her : "Now, MissAnnie " I-have done it about twenty tima-- f' Now,. Annie, do you take it in that Jesos loves you; that He came and died for you; 'hat HIe is coming one of these days-not far off-to take yo up to Him 1" .And she iouldtsay to me t:"'There's no-use in me telling n lie. I don't think at all about it." On twenty different dccasidns that was all F' ever got. I went away for a fortnight--wvether for business or pleasure I cannot aemember. Then I came back to Annie, and I simply tell you what happened.: When came into her room and saw her, why, it seemed as if a resurrection from the dead wouldinot have made a greater change.. "Annie, dear," said I, "you are' looking wonderful, de?r. What has come over you ? " Said she,i '4Now sit down beside me and I will tell yop all about it.' . So Isat down. Said she, ' Well, now, Ijust want to tell you this: I rerpember all the lessons I learned at Sunday.sqhool. The teachers.,used to say, ' There isno use in Annie coming to Sundaynschool. SI e never retains any lesson she learns here." i "But," said Annie-and it ought to l4e a great encouragement for you teachers lhre-" I remember'nll I heard in Sunday-school, and I 'remember all you used to say ito me." And seeing the new light in her face, I said, "How did you get it " " I got it when you were here." Then she opened oer little mouth, and poured.obut the love of Jesus. My dear friends, I sat listening to her like one entranced. "Don't you knoy," said she-[ never got such a lessonr"the Holy? Ghost came to me and did it all? "i Weeks aftervards I called every: day-l never iosserl a dady. lused-to come and 'Isten to that 9hild, just to learn. How sithe d talk . to me of Jesus I And here is a re akable thing,: First, she would have mereal hymns to. her,but after a while she weee have nothig'libut'the Iible. One day se said, "Nos, will you tell me soma of es pro. eises " .I would read such a pro ise us "I havo blotted out as a thick cl d thy, traisgreasioas.' " Ah, yes," slevoul reply, "He said it-He will keep to st." I vwil never;" leave thee nor forsake thec. "He said it-He'll keep to it." Every p mise I gave,,it was the same. "Igo to p re a acefor you." "Ah, He said 1t-l1'll do it" She was very weak at the tin, and thit' ivdil'hl ercohiment. One day heard that the child was dying. 'When I gt there she sqid : " Ithought you would nee come, I amjso anxious to se, you.".i " , my child, 1 cannot tell you how. glad lam to come." Then she said, "Thereis so thing I want you .t d.." "What is it " " Oh, you must be quick. I want your ?w dear children to.-be brought to me." had several' children-one is now a cler an in!Now York, another is a major.genaal in the 4rmy. They were all chiltren then. They were sent for, and when tlhey camr you ought' to 'have heard'the child I Sh put her little hands on their heads and b seed them in the name of the Lord. Youeoud have thodght it was a' patriarch. To eac one ste gave a different woird.; he rd to my youngest daughter : "AAh I you now what a dear little child Jesus was. D yo know, if Jesus, was, down heen.He oudd dress your 'doll for you ? Yes, He ould. He would play with you-He would. He rvas:eiy fond of childrcn--taking the up in His arms." My children never f got that scene. .Founeof those who. were p en on that occasion are now serving the rd Jesus Christ.. They were taken out o the room in hysterics (they had been bih ing her flowers and such things,'and had b me attached to.her). She lay back exhau ed, and said : "I hope I can last till I get on to do, some other things." "Well ?" 11 up father and mother." I went down nd callea them.i !We all knelt down. She hid to rne:" Now, promise, that you will do wblatI tell you; do yu'promm' o" . es, 1 will do whatever you ask, God bielg me.", "' Well;' put downiyoidr ear--I ce't speal' loud-and say out to Ood what I whisper to you," "So I put down my 4r. She commenced to pray for',i her fath ; that father died a. Christian inece. T?n she. prayed for her :sisters; ithoseo sth have died in the Lord Jesus Christ si e. She prayed for her brother-he has die i Christian since. The last time she came o her. mother. "Now," says she, "say, "Lordc Ood .' " ' , 0Lord sod. . " " ' the Lord Jesus Christ's sake.' "' For Lord Jesus.Christ's- sake.'" "Won't forgive my mother 2 You know how. of she uled to send me in the night and in t wet to the grocer's fora bottle of whisek. Lord, you iknow she is a; drunkard. Weo you save my poor'i mother ?' Then, wht do yop.think .The woman sprang from hr knees and cursed the child then and the htold her oh woao n'iferoal liar. Oh, poweit of strbongdrink I 'don't believe th woman evgr was converted.; she died as sh had'Hived, s far as I ever'heard. The dying girl was exmausted, It was a terrible sight when that'mother rose in a rago and called her dptughter.aliar. The poor child took n notldyof ler. 'The preyer was ended;, an thoy went down.. Theb Aitni looked'in m fanoe'4h,'dear,.Iivill never forget'it I-and said she, " You said you would do another thingtfoerfes;' Ather requcat; I knelt beside her, and she gave. me rhoerparting. blearig, placinig her htioid 'oi" lay had'ailddon. secmtlngo m'to the service of the Lord. It was .itelp ir alo .hl'IThein she aid, "Now, would you mind glvng me a :kiss 7: needrl't tell you how I put my arms around thit bhld's .ye and preedmy. llp 'upon her forchead.'r And'as I woa doing it,'she pt her littlalhands against my fade, sand.. wth strength U lb wMch I could nbte have believed her c£able pushed me away from, her. I went ?bak.As.itatruok .with.a.ahot,? and. then I saw her whole face light up- Heaven's light 1allingrupoa, her-u-nd` with. her eyes fixed on one spot she obegan to speak :, Oh, my eautifful Jesus:!lOhl.how lovely you sgro I 4a:ott haycoho :for' Annio h-Iam sure you have. Y u won't go nawany agai . Oh, you lovely Je, I " "Annie, dear," sa d I," what is it you ce ? " She never noticed me-never .heard my voice at all. " Oh, beautiful'Jesus I and did you come down from Heaven to dio for Annie ? " Oh, you did die for .me." Then closing her eyes, away she went. Christian workers, don't give up. 'As long as you have an opportunity of putting Divine truth to the young and old keep on, and you will know one of these days theresultof your' endeavours. May the Lord bless you I 