The new Parliament was opened on Thursday last with the usual formali ties. The opening speech is also but a formal appendage to the chain of ceremonies. Formerly it was regarded as a fair index of the Ministerial policy, but latterly it has consisted of a num ber of paragraphs having no specific point. They advert to what has been done rather than to what is to be done and the way to do it, which is very convenient for the Government, as it cannot well be cornered. The opening speech now before us is not a new de parture from the ' clear policy line,' and we are not disposed to quarrel with the Governmentfar having fallen in with — shall we say 1 — the modern practice. The want of directness in the speech has it drawbacks, for the dimness has to be eventually brushed away, and that, too, before important work can be satisfactorily proceeded with. The Opposition will see to that part of the business. Appropriately enough the speech begins with the dual Jubilee — the Jubilee of the Queen's reign, and that of the province — and hon. mem bers are told that they will be invited to pass addresses which though a rormai, win oe none tne less an agree able, task. Reference is made to the visit of tbe Premier to London as a representative of this colony at the Conference on imperial and colonial affairs. Mention is likewise made of the recent loan so successfully floated. A paragraph is devoted to matters relating to the amended tenders accepted by the Imperial Government for a joint ocean mail service, subject, of conrse, to the approval of the Par liaments of the contracting colonies. The seventh paragraph has reference to taxation, and intimates that hon. members will have early in the session to consider the best means of increas ing the revenue by direct taxation, it being plainly stated that the Govern ment considers that both landed and. personal property should contribute more than in the past to the general revenne. This will be agreed to when it is shown that extra taxation is unavoid able; but not before ; and somehow the direct taxpayer has got it into his head that our railways do not bring in the net revenue they ought to, that an enormous sum of money is spent use lessly every year over our educational system, and that the post of Minister 01 naucation mignt very easily be done away with altogether. When it is shown that fresh taxation is absolutely unavoidable the impost might be in creased by £d or even £d in the pound on land, exempting the first £3,000 or £4,000 worth held by one person, the tax upon which could remain as at present. This is what we have long advocated, and while not unduly pressing upon large landholders it would make them pay a fairer share than they have hitherto done towards the expenses of government. The income tax can be remodelled with advantage in the way of reducing the amount exempted to £,iou or j&w.; Employers ef labor should also be required to send in a return of the gross wages paid to each person in their employ during the year, which might be a little troublesome, but would prevent tbe revenue from being defrauded to any extent. The ap proximate i n teres t paid on loans could be got from the land office, interest on de posits from banks, and rents from tenants if necessary, but these should be made use of only in cases of suspi cion, for it is our opinion that a vast majority of the taxpayers can be trusted to state their incomes correctly notwithstanding what has been said to tbe contrary by irresponsible persons. It is tbe intention of the Govern ment to introduce a Bill for the sale of certain Crown lands for cash, the pro ceeds of such sales to be under the control of Commissioners, to be applied to the redemption of Treasury bills to be issued for paying off the deficit. That plan was advocated by some hon. members when before the electors, and we have ourselves urged tbe adoption of this method of raising money to meet the debt. But with regard to the taxation proposals there is a dan ger it at once increasing the taxes of overlooking- the necessity of reducing the expenditure. What is wanted is, if possible, a wiEe and economic system of management by which the expendi ture will be brought on a level with tbe income. One way how not to do this is to be instantly adopted by the Go vernment. The opening speech says tbe Ministry proposes to introduce a Bill to deal with tbe subject of payment of members in order to give effect to the wishes of electors. It is all very well to assert that the majority of electors want it, but can any one conscien tiously say that a majority of the direct taxpayers — those who will have to find the money — are in favor of it ? De cidedly not, and our legislators are well aware of it. Therefore the Go vernment, if it did its work equitably, and without fear or favor, would in corporate with the Bill a clause for making each male adult in the colony pay per capita towards the sum re quired for paying wageB to members of Parliament. A Bill will be introduced iui jjiawug duo uiauagaujDiiii ui uur railways under a board: This subject was discussed during the last session ot the old Parliament, and there is no doubt that such a measure will meet the approval of the legislature. Many other things are referred to in the speech, among them being watercon servation, rearrangement of districts under the District Councils Act, and Bills relating to mining. Although the time is drawing nigh for the celebration of the Queen's Jubilee there is very little enthueiam on the subject in some of the South Australian centres of population. This seeming apathy is not due to a want of loyalty, but rather to a hesitancy on the part of the people to ini tiate a programme owing to the prevailing hard times. It is also no doubt felt that any programme that might be arranged should meet the approval of all classes, and this is no easy task. With regard to Clare, our worthy Mayor a short time ago called a public meeting to consider what method to adopt for celebrating the Jubilee, but the attendance was email. A Committee was appointed, however, and tbe gentlemen composing it are a guarantee that the affair will be brought to a successful issue. One or two suggestions have been made, but the Committee has in itself a wealth of resource, and it seems as if there will not only be a festival in Glare but such a one aa will be worthy of the occasion. Bad as the times are there are numerous residents in this district who are able and willing to aid in the carrying out of any scheme that may be agreed upon by the Committee. The chiaf thing now in connection with the money side of the question is promptness. What is to be done in the way of arrangements will have to be done quickly. It should be made a day of hearty rejoicing by young and old, and therefore care will have to be taken that the poor and infirm are not for gotten. The young will be happy while taking part in play, and none the less 60 when seated at the tea-table or in witness ing fireworks. Those, however, who have reached the stage of second childhood, and whose romping days are over, can be catered for in a way which will make the Jubilee a truly festive time to them. If the general public will but anticinate the wishes and requirements of the Committee, and in a practical way render assistance, the arrange ments may soon be brought to a successful issue. Unless that is done the Committee will have uphill work. In several parts of tbe colony the Jubilee festival is receiving much attention, and preparations are being made for it on a scale of some magnitude. We do not think that Clare will be behind other places in celebrating the Jubilee. God Save the Queen ! A No-Cokhdence Motion. — According to Saturday's dailieB a motion of noconfi dence will be moved in the House of Assembly to-day, by the Hon. T. Playford, who, it is understood, has a large following. The Missing Man Charley. — The black tracker returned to Clare on Saturday last, but could find no trace of the man said to have been lost from the Garoona station. The dam close to where he was working was dragged without result, and it is now thought that Charley did not commit suicide, but has gone to Siiverton. The only suspi cious circumstance in connection with his disappearance is that he departed without his wages — & very eccentric act when money is so scarce. Behind Time.—Oq Friday and Saturday last the Glare mails were delivered over half an hour behind time, owing we under stand to the train arriving late at Saddle worth. We presume that the railway carried a few extra passengers, which invariably makes the delivery of mails late. We do not know how the officials will get on during Exhibition time, when there will be a rush of passengers, unless a better system of collecting tickets is adopted. Instead of getting our first mail from Adelaide at 2 p.m. we may expect it at 4 o'clock. Cable News.— The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — Mr. Gladstone, in his visit to Wales, arrived at Swansea on June 2. There were general demonstrations of welcome, aud tbe late Premier was entertained by a large number of the leading citizens. In speaking in response to the toast of his health, Mr. Gladstone referred in eloquent terms t3 the struggle for local administration for Ire land, aud stated that so far ae Wales was concerned the people of that principality, as well as those of Scotland, were -t one in seeking to grant the wishes of the Irish ] for autonomy. It was England alone, he said, which now prevented justice being done to Ireland. — Edward Hanlan states that his defeat by Gaudaur will not interfere with the arrangements for his contest with Beach in November, and he will proceed to Australia within a few weeks. — News from Afghanistan states that a strong Russian detachment occupied Kerki on May 20, and on the same day the Afghans in the vicinity killed 14 of the Bokharan officials for failing to influence the people to oppose the Russian occupation. — A Conference of National Radical Unions was held at Birmiughan last night (June 2), under the presidency of Mr. Chamberlain. The Conference formally protested against Mr. Gladstone's scheme of Home Rule for Ire land, and demanded its complete with drawal, declaring that no more overtures towards reconciliation would be made. Letters were read from the Marquis of Hartington and Mr. John Bright warmly supporting the Conference in tbe position it took up. — The captain and others of tbe crew of the Lady Douglas have been com mitted for trial on a charge of the murder of a Malay, shipped at Geographe Bay, West Australia, and who was horribly ill treated. Pluvial.— On Saturday and Sunday last nice soaking showers fell, the gauge regis tering 0.670 inch. The Address in Reply. — A Committee has been formed in the House of Assembly, consisting of the Hon. J. G. Bray, Messrs. Horn, Solomon, Kimber, and Livingston, to prepare a draft address to his Excellency in reply to his speech on opening the Parlia ment. Public Wobks,— On Thursday last the members for the District of Stanley (Messrs. E. W. Hawker and 0. Kimber) waited on the Commissioner of Public Works and asked him to have a road made from the Saltwater Lagoon to Snowtown. They also handed him a petition asking for a grant of £500 for the purpose of constructing the road from Koolunga to Mundoora via Ing ram's Gup. The Commissioner promised to see into the matter. Ancient Obdeb. of Foresters.— The following is a quarterly report of Court Plantagenet, No. 4,279, A.O.F., Mintaro :— The number of members good on the books was 59. To balance at commencement of quarter — Loans on morteacre. £570: cash in bank current account, £37 18s 9d ; in hands of Treasurer, £4 6s lid; court property valued at £25 ; income for quarter, £66 6s 8d ; total, £703 12s 4d. Expendi ture—Working expenses, £27 10s 9d ; sick relief, £11 3s 4d; total expenditure, £38 14s Id, deducted from £703 12s 4d, making the total worth of funds £664 Ids 3d. A Discovery. — A rather peculiar aur prise happened to Mr.jGeo. Witcomb, of Yacka, on Tuesday, May 31. He had oc casion to dig up a piece of ground, and in doing so turned up a silver Waltham watch and chain. After examining it he felt satisfied that the watch was the identical one that was stolen with some money about nina years ago, from the late Mr. William Elder, formerly a resident of Yacka. There is no doubt the thief or thieves hid the watch and could not find it afterwards. The watch does not appear much damaged after lying nine years covered up in the earth. No doubt the friends of the late Mr. W. Elder will be glad to hear of its recovery. Pbobatbs.— The following have been granted:— F. C. Singleton, of Glenelg, £37,WO ; £-. Virgo, of Mil Lei, £l,600j J. Juleff, of Adelaide, £990. The Barossa Gold-Fields. — The re porter of the Bunyip writes : — *' I have not heard of any big washings lately. The best I know of was obtained last week,- when a load from a claim on the hill turned out five ounces of capital nuggety gold. On the same hill another party that had taken up abandoned ground washed out various quantities up to two ounces per load, but I did not hear the result of their last week's work. I believe this has led to other abandoned claims being taken up. Several claims have been taken up lately on the flat at the back of Smith's store. Some of it was abandoned ground. I have not heard with what results. In one instance one party told me a fortnight ago they were getting about f of an oz. per load. The claims in front of Collins's store are still working their headings from 4 to 5 feet in thickness, though I have not heard with what results. Clode and party only wsshed two loads the last three weeks for a trifle over 2 oz. Their ground is improving, and they have several loads stacked. They are getting out all the dirt they can, and not stopping to wash, as their claims are on the fiat, and with the first heavy rain they will be stopped for the season. Should the winter be dry there is enough ground on this flat to supply work for all who are these throughout the winter. I can tell you the amount of gold that some have obtained bb Mr. Sim read out from his book to several last Saturday. Mr. Welks and son have obtained 43 oza. since last Christmas, Mr. Chills and mate 37 ozs. Olode and party 60 ounces. Clode was the original prospector, and has been working about nine months on the ground. During this time he was over six weeks prospecting, sinking two shafts on the hill — one 22 and the other 33 feet — before they found payable gold in the third.' Clare Institute. — A special meeting of the Committee of the Glare Institute was held on Tuesday evening to consider the vacancy in the secretaryship. The Presi dent (Dr. Bab) occupied the chair, and 13 Committeemen were present. Dr. Bain said it was with deep regret that he had been compelled to call them together. As they were aware, their late secretary, who was with them a fortnight ago, had met with an awful death. Mr. Work had been secretary to the Institute for eight years, and was very civil and obliging, endearing himself to all with whom he came in con tact. He (the speaker) had known the de ceased from his childhood, and he deeply regretted his removal from amongst them. The Committee ought to express its svm pnthy to bis bereaved family. (Hear, hear.) On tbe motion of Dr. Smith, seconded by Mr. T. R. Bright, it was resolved to tender, through tbe President, a vote of sympathy to the deceased's family on their sad and sudden loss. A letter was read from Mr. Magnus Badger, apologising for non-n t tend- ance, and urging the appointment of Miss Work as secretary. The Chairmaa staled that the secretary of the Miutaro Institute received a salary of £8 per annum. There was also a caretaker, who was paid £7 10s a year. The Clare institution had been paying the secretary £60 a year, out of which, the late secretary used to pay for cleaning the rooms bimself. The amount did not seem much in flourishing times, but probably they would not have e. Govern ment subsidy for the future, and as there were only between 60 and 70 members on the roll the salary swallowed up the pro ceeds. Mr. J. Christison did not see how they could appoint a secretary that evening, as they had received no tenders for the post. Mr. Bright suggested that tenders should be invited. Mr. U. E. Farrar thought it would be preferable to invite tenders for a secretary and a caretaker, as he thought the librarian would not care to do the work of the caretaker. Mr. E. C. Rix was in favor of letting Miss Work take the posi tion of secretary up to October next — her late brother's term. Mr. J. Fels concurred in the last speaker's suggestion, as did also Mr. T. E. Powell, who thought it would be an act of good feeling towards the family to offer the position to Mies Work at a salary of £35 a year. Mr. T. R. Bright wanted to know whether it was possible for a lady to carry out the multifarious duties, which he enumerated, connected with the post. They should not stultify themselves, or allow their judgment to be carried away by sympathy for the family. Among other duties the secretary had to collect the sub scriptions, conduct the correspondence of the Institute, and do the clerical work con nected with entertainments. Mr. Fels thought with reference to collecting sub scriptions a lady could do that work equally as well if not better than a man. Mr. Powell did not see the force of Mr. Blight's objections, as females were quite as com petent to fill such posts as men ; besides they only wished Miss Work to undertake the duties till October, and then call for ten ders. After some desultory discussion, Mr. Christison moved — 'That the salary of the secretary be fixed at £40 per annum.' Seconded by Mr. W. Kelly, and carried. Mr. Bright proposed — 'That applications be invited for the secretaryship, and that tenders be sent in by next meeting of the Committee.' Dr. Smith seconded. Mr. E. C. Rix moved as an amendment — ' That Miss Work be off-»ed the position of secretary for three months at the rate of £40 per annum, to commence from June 1.' Carried. It was decided that for the future meetings should be held every fourth Friday in the month, instead of the third Friday as formerly. A vote of thanks to the Chair man closed the meeting. The Yanyarrie' Ghost. '—The Peters burg correspondent of the Port Pirie journal writes in the following mirthful strain : — 'The Yanyarrie ghost has been creating much sensation for some time past, and when it became known that the child was removed to Black Rock a party was organised of residents of this town for the purpose of investigating the mystery. According to one gentleman it is as clear aB daylight that it is a fraud. For one thing, the ghost must have the place in darkness, and will only answer certain questions. Unquestionably ghosts are reiy particular individuals now- a-days. Like seedy per sons, they have an object in keeping up ap pearances. Now, if they would only speak, as Shakespeare's ghosts did, one might be influenced by them. However, this par ticular rapper can tell you, if you are not too near the bed, how many beans make five, how long it has been dead, how old the child is (9), how long it has to live (17), and the age it will die at (26) ; also, whether you are too near the box for it to rap, or if the box is too fat from the bed, or when' an inquirer is becoming too puzzling with his questions will not knock at all, and nothing in the wide world will induce it to speak when once it is doubted. My informant eaye he will give Mrs. Ghost some cause for taking offence the next chance he has for holding converse with her. He is quite disgusted with such sensitive ness on the part of the ghost. He says that he believeB the father and aunt are genuine, but the child, which is unusually intelli gent, has probably discovered that by rapping she frightens both of them, and is cunning enough to keep up the affair. It will come out some day.' The Season.— We learn that the early eown crops in the North aTe looking well, and with a continuance of the present favorable weather the season should be a fruitful one. A large area will be under crop this year, and so far the farmers are hopefal. Glare Young Men's Society. — On Thursday the usual weekly meeting was held, and was occupied in listening to elec tion speeches from aspirants to Parliamen tary positions. The candidates were Messrs. Chss. Scott, F. W. Smith, W. S. Esau, and T. S. Stacy, and they were accorded a good hearing. The speeches evidenced a good deal of care in preparation, and dealt with most of the topics of the day, from the de ficit all the way down to the totalieator. The President (Dr. 'Bain) occupied the chair, and it was announced that he would deliver a lecture before the society on June 23. Obituary. — It is with feelings of sincere regret that we have to chronicle the death or jut. w. o. caruia, ot xtose mil, near Auburn. The deceased gentleman had been ill for some months, and the end was not unexpected. He was one of the founders of the Auburn Foresters' Lodge. The funeral took place on Sunday last, the mortal remains being interred according to the rites of tbe Church of England, the Masonic Craft, and the Foresters, the Rev. E. K. Yeatman officiating. Taxation Act. — In another column Mr. J. G. Russell, Commissioner of Taxes, gives notice that the time for payment of the land and income taxes for 1887 expired on May 14 last, and requests persons in arrear to pay at once. Fines upon arrears of tax will be remitted if paid on or before June 27. Note Well. — We have been asked to draw attention to a notice elsewhere of Messrs. W. H. Hoffmann & Co., importers of surgical and scientific instruments, and British and Continental patent medicines, Freeman street, Adelaide. The Colonial Mutual Life Assur ance Society.— We have received a pamphlet containing a number of extracts from the British newspaper Press on the subject of the inauguration of the London establishment of the above society, which since its foundation in 1873 has grown in public favor and confidence. Interleaved are illustrations of tbe premises occupied by the institution as offices in various parts of the colonial empire and in London. From the report attached we glean that the funds of the society are invested safely and pro fitably on good securities, aud that the an nual revenue from premiums and interest exceeds a quarter of a million pounds sterling. The business of each colonial office is self- supporting. Policies cannot lapse while surrender value is sufficient to pay one premium. [t is astonishing the favor in which Wolfk'8 Schnapps is held — we suppose because it is a first-class article. We know that Wolfe's Schnapps is a first-class article, and can recommend it aa such to our readers. 