OPENING OF ST. BRIGID'S CHURCH, BRANXTON. (from our, correspondent.) About twenty-one years ago, a few days after the arrival of his Lordship the Right Eev. Dr. Murray, first Bishop of the Maitland diocese, he was asked to bless the then recently completed church of St. Brigid's, Branxton. It was then, as his Lordship on last Sunday remarked, considered a very spacious and handsome building. For several years past, however, that church has been too small for the Branxton congregation ; and when in the early part of 1S86 the Sisters of Mercy opened their school in it, it was resolved to build a now church. Through the zealous efforts of our energetic priest, Father Walsh, x^romises of help were received from all sides, and Mr. Arthur C. Lee, architect, of West Maitland, was in structed to prepare a design and supervise the erection of a new church. Messrs. Taylor and Son, of West Maitland, obtained the con tract for the building, which, as completed, re dounds to the credit of both architect and con tractor, and it is not too much to say that it is one of the prettiest churches in the colony. The style adopted is early Gothic, and this is carried throughout the whole of the fittings. The founda tions are concrete with a stone base course on the average about 3ft. Gin. above ground. The walls are built of light colonial bricks from East Mait laud, with Newcastle red pressed and moulded bricks for the arches, etc. The window sills, door sills, and buttress weatherings are of stone. The roof is covered with Welsh slates, and all gables surmounted by crosses. The building is entered from a double porch with tiled floors and with two ( entrances to nave. The access to the gallery is from the porch. The nave is 62 feet long by 28 wide. The chancel, 20 feet by 16. The sacristy and oratory, 12 feet by 10 , giving a cruciform plan to the building. The internal walls are plastered ; the arches, chancel, sacristy, and oratory pointed with red pressed bricks. The cornice is open timbered roof with diagonal and jointed kauri bordering, varnished, the principals and rafters being also stained and varnished. Tho windows throughout were supplied from Messrs. Ashwin and Falconer's, of Pitt-street, Sydney, and are tinted cathedral glass in pattern and with coloured margins. The altar, pulpit, seating, and brackets were also specially designed by the architect, Mr. Lee, and built by Messrs. Taylor and Son. The acoustic arrangements and venti lation have been carefully studied, and the general opinion expressed by those who have experience in such matters is that in these respects the church is not surpassed by any in the colony. On the Gospel side, immediately in front of the chancel, is a statue of the Sacred Heart, and on the opposite side a statue of Our Lady of Lourdes. These statues' were presented by Mr. Thomas Drinan, J.P., and ordered specially at Eome by that gentleman. In front of the altar hangs a large and beautiful sanctuary lamp, the gift of Mr. Joseph Bercini, of Branxton. The church cost about £2000, and has seat ing accommodation for 350 people. The founda tion stone was laid on 13th September, 1886, by the Eight Eev. Dr. Murray, and the total amount collected from the initiation of the move ment to the present time, including last Sunday's collection, amounts to J3S00, a splendid result for twelve ^months' labour. The new church was blessed and formally opened on Sunday, the 29th May, by his Lordship the Eight Eev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, assisted by Eev. Father Vaughan, Superior of the Eedemptorist Fathers, Singleton, and Eevs. Fathers Walsh and Mor rissey, of Branxton. High Mass was celebrated by Father Morrissey with Father Vaughan as deacon, Father Walsh as sub-deacon, and the Eev. William Drinan, S. J., master of ceremonies. The musical arrangements were cond noted by the j Sisters of Mercy, and the singing was of a high class character. The church was crowded by members of every denomination during the ceremonies. The opening sermon was preached by the Eev. Father Vaughan, C.SS.E., who took as his text 14 chapter St. John 26 verse, ' But the Paraclete the Holy Ghost whom the Father will send in my name will teach you all things, and bring all things to your mind, whatever I shall have said to you.' In an eloquent manner the rev. gentleman pointed out that the day, being Whit Sunday, was a specially appropiate day for the opening of a new church. As many centuries ago the Holy Ghost had descended upon the apostles visibly, and given them that grace and power with which alone they were enabled to establish the Universal Church ; so to-day they were opening a church which was symbolical of that greater Church and at the same time an evidence of its vitality and growth. ' With the opening of the church new duties were laid upon them, and he trusted they would show them selves trorthy of the noble edifice they had erected ; that the Holy Spirit might be apparent in their lives, in everything they did, in small actions as well as ^reat ; and finally he hoped that their new church might be filled on Sundays and holidays wifeh devout and zealous worship pers. In conclusion, ho reminded, them that there was still comparatively speaking a large debt on the building ; and it should bo their duty that day to give like the Israelites of old in the building of their taber nacle, who gave their bracelets, their rings and ear- rings to build a tabernacle to the Lord. He reminded them that the greater the sacrifice in giving, the greater their morit hero and their reward hereafter. At the conclusion of the sermon, the Bishop, addressing the congrega tion, said that he wished in a special manner to say how pleased he was to see how beautifully the church had been completed, and there was no one present who would not agree with him that tho architect, Mr. Lee, and the contractor had faith fully performed their respective duties in the erec tion of the building. He would not allude to their respected pastor, Father Walsh, whose efforts were thoroughly well known to them, but he wished specially to thank the committee for their labours, and last but not least the parishioners who had so generously contributed towards the building. In particular he might point to the beautiful statues which adorned the church and which had been ordered in Eome and presented by one of their well-known Catholics ; and he might also point to the beautiful sanctuary lamp, the special gift of another member of the congregation. But all deserved pvaise, and he had often remarked that he would prefer the mine of generosity which existed in the hearts of his Irish Catholic people and . their descendants to all the rich mines of America and Australia. He found on referring to the treasurer's books that the building and furnishing of the church cost .£1900, to which had been added a debt on the convent of about ,£l'i0, making a total of ?-£20-10. Of this amount they had collected t£G00, and the church debt now stood at .£1400. The collection that day would, he hoped, reduce tho debt by a few hundred pounds, and the total sum then collected would represent a good result for 12 months' labour. For the future he had no fear, depending as he did upon their piety and generosity. At the conclusion of his Lordship's address a collection was made and the handsome sum of .£200 was collected. In the afternoon the Bishop administered tho Sacrament of Confirmation to nearly 50 children belonging to the Branxton and Greeta churches. It is said that children are shrewd judges of human nature, and it is well known that our good Bishop is a special favourite of children. On Sunday, before the administration of the Sacra ment, he explained to them in simple language its nature and the great benefits they would derive from it, and by a series of good-natured inquiries won their confidence and obtained from them answers which showed how well our good Sisters of Mercy have laboured during- the short time they have been stationed here. The knowledge the little ones possessed was remarkable, and they seemed to fully realize the importance of the Sacrament they were receiviug. The Bishop in a short address gave them some good practical advice, and in particular . obtained from them a promise that they would not touch intoxicating liquors at least until they were 21 years old. 