A MYSTERIOUS STONE FORT. (Nashville American,) There is nothing in Tennessee, or in the South, whose antiquity is so mysterious and entirely beyond the domain ol decent speculation as the old stone fort, whioh is a mile and a half below the town of Manchester. The two prongs of Duok River ooma within, Bay, 600 yards of eaoh other, and then 'widen out, making a territory of perhaps 1,000 aorea in the forks of the river, and below the Narrows. At the Narrows the fort com mences by a stone wall, now covered with earth, running from one river to the other, and there the walls are built along the banks of both rivers down to a point where a oanal had been out from one river to the other ; there a wall is made from one river to the other, perhaps a quarter of a mile, On the outside of this wall is a hollow, and in this hollow is the sign of the canal or out evidently intended to protect the fort by both the wall and the oanal. From the upper to the lower wall, at places, there are high bluffs on both rivers. Wherever this bluff-prooipitous-is found there is no wall, but wherever there is no natural barrier the wall is built. The entranoe to the fort was at the upper end, and the gateways show that the builders were doing their work intelligently. The en trance is by a narrow pasaway, with walls on either side, and offsets so as tp Erevent the enemy on the outside from aving a direot entrance for themselves, and so as to proteot thoaa on the inside from missiles on the outside. The fort contains 47 acres, and is, or was, when the writer first saw it, heavily timbered, many of the trees of large Bize growing on top of the walls. Colonel Sam Murray, who settled there about 1808, cut one of the trees from the top of the wall and found it to be about 600 years old. One mile up the river from the fort is an immense mound -the largest one perhaps in the oountry -making it probable that the fort was built by the mound builders, Beyond this nobody knows anything about it. Colonel Murray, who was a man of high intelligence, olaimed to have conferred with the Indians of different tribes, but none of them could give him any ac count of it, either by tradition or other .wise. This fort is one of the many evi dences that in this oountry, at some remote period, there was a race of people of more stability and intelligence than the roving Indians whioh the first settlers found. From the time of the first settlement of the country there were ghost stories connected with the old stone fort, whioh about 1884 culminated in a most remark able episode. In 1833, six gentlemen, men of high standing, who lived in the Murfreeaborough, went out in the neigh borhood of the old fort to have a fox hunt. The oountry was thinly settled, and there were many deer. After having oamped out for several days, one night they saw strange sights, whioh caused them to leave nest day. They were not communicative, but the story got out, and was much talked of. The next Fall the same sis gentlemen, with nine others, went back and camped upon the same spot. It was said that they were quite anxious to see the same sights that ha<| been seen before, But a week passed, and they saw nothing, though they were quite successful in killing deer. At the end of about a week a man, named Latimer got two small bogs in the neighborhood, and fixing up a dumb bull went out to see how they would stand a Btrange noise. It was in the' fall, a frosty night. The hunters had a big fire and were in great glee, For three hours the dumb bull was made to work from different points in the woods at a safe distance, At first the hunters were disposed to laugh, then thoy got quiet, finally they commenced shooting, Many guns were fired. This was kept up until the man and two boys left, whioh was about midnight. Between midnight and day the whole fifteen men left the camp, leaving their meat and other things, and went to a farmhouse, the house where the two boys who had been in the misohief were sleeping, Next morning the hunters told wonderful stories about what they saw, how it came close up to the fire, and how impervious it was to their bullets, how it changed about from an animal to a woman, and what it would say. The two boyB were as still as mice, for they had stolen off from their father by the persuasion of Latimer, who was himself a nunter and wanted to drive these hunters away. The 15 men left that morning and went oaoK to Murireesborough to verify and make good the ghost story of the year before. The story got into the newspapers and was the biggest sensa tion that had turned up for many years, But it got out that a hunter and two boys had soared them away. This was denied, and the ghost theory was main tained with heroio verity. One of the gentlemen, Jaok Fletcher, was often a member of the Legislature afterwards, but this ghose story always atuok to him. Another one of them, Len Sims, was a member of Congress from Missouri, and was a war Democrat in 181?, After making a war Bpeeoh a Whig who was aot for the war told thoTenneaaea ghost story with much colouring on Sims, It was said to modify his intenae war spirit very much. This knighthood service in the land of ghoBts took place 63 years ago. All the participants are dead but one of the boys, who lives to write this atory and to verify its truth. WOLFE'S Schnapps is a tonio and atimu. [ant which oauaot be surpassed. Ask for md obtain WOLFE'S. Ask for WOLFE's Schnapps-the only ilooholio invigorant that does not overapur the brain. Be sure and obtain WOLFE'S. WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS stands at the head of all ionios as a supreme remedy for dyspepsia* rheumatism, and nervousness. Wowb'8 SCHNAPPS is more wholesome iban brandy or whisky and is a pare re» IresWsg beverage. A»k for Wew*'9» 