Lr HOUSE WITH GALT. T was livil,g in two rooms not Ifar from the Edgeware road when Silvani Todd met . me at the:Saville one evening and took me aside. 'Look here Williams,' he began, ' I am going to Egypt on this. cholera commission, and I shall be away for six months at least. If ycu like. to move into my house while I am away, do so.'. 'Into your house in Grosvenor-street ' I exclainted. 'Yes. Why not?' he replied lightly. ' I will leave cheques for the rent and taxes. You will be doing me a kindness. Gait is a tidy.man, but I would prefer not to leave the servantaalone in the house.' ' But as to rent,' I said dubiously. ' Never .-mind about that. or- nb..-.. 'In placei of rent you can pay the ser vants' board wages, and find their keep if you please.' 'Done with. you,' Icried heartily. And a week-later I;had moved into the house in Grosvenor-Street, 199, and began to make the most of my' rise in the world., , . It was a fair-sized house. On the right of the hall was a diningroom, spacious, and wainscotted in oak, with much sombre fur niture and one large window which looked upon the street. Behind this was the con sulting room. The window here was over looked, but a window-garden, well stocked with ferns, and above it a curious lace blind, secured the needful privacy. I had a dis taste, possibly odd, possibly natural for this room, about which an atmosphere of pain and death seemed to hang. The shroudedr microscopes and gruesome preparations re pelled me, I should not use that room, and after the first day or two I seldom entered it save to water the ferns with a syringe which hnng beside the window. 'So-iiuch-foirthe house. I had been in it about' three weeks; the words ' Come and see ine; I am living in Grosvenor street now,' were beginning to lose their first sweetness in the mouth, when, on going out one morn ing, I found a man standing on the door-step. He had that moment rung the bell. 'Dr. Silvani Todd?' he asked, looking from me to the paper he held in his hand. ' Are you Dr. Silvani Todd, sir V ' No,' I hastened to answer, fearing that he was collecting rates or taxes. "I am not Dr. Todd. He is in Egypt-in the Soudan; right up the country, in fact.' 'Any one living here besides Dr. Silvani Todd . he asked, jerkily, poising a pencil above his list. ' Living here I Well, you see, I am living, but-' ' Christian name, surname, and profession,' he put in briskly. ' A card will ensure ac curacy.' And he explained that he was a canvasser for a Court Guide. I had not a card in my pocket, but a vision of ' Charles Williams, Esq., 190 Grosvenor-street, W., and 1 Sussex Court, Temple, E.C.,' inspiring me, I went into the dining room to get one. M\y card case was.lying on the bureau in the farthest corner by the window, to reach which I had to cross the room diagonally. As I turned with the card in my hand my eyes fell upon a mirror that formed the back of a sideboard by the door. It faced the window; and from where I stood was at such an angle that T could see the hall and door way reflected in it and not the door merely. I saw something else at which I paused a moment, the, next went out hurriedly. The canvaser was standing on the mat conning his list. - 'Your card, sir Thank you,' he said. ' The name shall be inserted. May I take your order for a copy '1' 'No,' I replied brusquely. ' Is that all you want ?' ' All this morning, thank you.' he replied, airily. He was not one bit abashed by my scrutiny. 'Then good morning.' I held :the door open and 'only shut it when he had turned the corner. I am a shy man, and his cool ness had staggered me. But if I had not seen him, when my back was turned, as he supposed, examining my letter-box-not the lock of the 'door, or the bolt, or chain, but the letter-box of all things-I was a Dutch man. This was a little thing; but because it was a thing I could not understand it worried me. What could the man want with my letter-box I began, though I would not have confessed to the feeling for the world, to dislike the stillness and gloom of the house. It was natural that such quarters should seem quiet in comparison with my old lodgings; but this alone did not account for my uneasiness, which grew so marked that the striking of a clock startled me, and a ray of sunlight shooting athwart the dimness of the room made me jump. No, I caught the infection from Galt. He was a tall, moon faced man, ordinarily; the model of a line and rule servant, sober and steady, and not too intelligent. But he had a queer habit of going stealthily about the house, and though I did not mind this much, I did object to another trick he had of glancing over his shoulder as he waited at the table, while his face would put on at these times an unplea sant listening expression. More than once I came upon. him still in the hall listening,. And if I went into the consulting-room to water- the ferns, he was sureto be at my elbow the next minute, listen. ing again I dare say. But this was not all. One night something happened which gave him ground for real uneasiness. I had gone to bed early, but I could not sleep, and while I was lying awake I thought I heard a cautious footstep on the stairs. At my door it paused-if it was a footstep-for I could only hear the creaking of a board at intervals; then it seemed to go lower. 'All fancy,' I said to myself and turned over. ' All fancy.' But I was not quite satisfied, and pre sently, with a hard word for my folly, jumped up, and in my byjamas, just as I was went out on the landing. I could hear nothing. I crept softly down along the stairs. All was still. The ticking of the 8-day olock and the oc casional grating of a window as the breeze rose andfell were the only sounds inside the house. Outside a cab rumbled by. I reached the foot of the stairs, and, satis fled now that I had deceived myself, was turning to go bapk, when my movement brought the keyhole of the consulting-room door nderF~ y eye. A thin beam of light shot from it into the darkness of the hall. Well, I hesitated; perhaps while the clock above ticked a dozen times. I considered the position. Some one might have carelessly left a light burning in that room; Only, the room was not in use. And then what of the step on the stairs? On the other hand there might be a burglar inside. And then had I not better summon the police 1 But suppose I did this, and lo I a mere lighted candle That would be a humiliation indeed. I flung open the door and stood on my guard. For a secend or two I was dazzled by the light, though it proceeded only from a single candle on the mantel shelf. No one moved in the room. No one was to be seen. I I stepped cautiously in with a smile on my face, and-and jumped, I daresay, a couple of feet 'Why, Gait!' I cried the ihext tmnute, seeing that it really was theservant who, I alone, and half-dressed, was standing by the window. I 'What are you doing here ? What are Syou 'doing up at this time of the night l I cried imperatively. f He did not answer. He was trembling 1 violently. I had given him a great shock, that was clear. He passed one hand across I his brow in a stupid way. In the other he held the garden syringe I have mentioned, I thought I grasped the position. I 'I will tell you what it is,' I said, taking I, up the candle and hclding it so that its light \- fell upon his dazed face and distended eyes. s' I will tell you whit it is my man! You a have been walking in tour sleep !' ri He shaded his eyes with his hand and \- partly turned from ll d ' am afrid I han e, sir,' he muttered d abjjctly. IoHe was still foreJ to steady himself by resting one hand o: he table. I took the it syringe from hirm. d I suppose that thi. 4not the first time you 'have done it I' I saidi uerulously. To have a servant who walked In his sleep ! It was too provoking. ' No, sir,' he answered, his teeth chattering r with fright or the cold. 'I used to do it when I was a boy. iBut I thought that I had grown out of it years ago.' ' I hope, that you will grow out of it 1 now,' I replied with severity. . 'There, get i to bed, my man, and for goodness' sake, stay there if you can.' ' Yes sir, he said humbly. ' I am sorry that I disturbed you, sir.' I made a sign to him to go out first. As I followed I glanced round the room at the strange medley that covered table and mantelpiece and overflowed on to chairs and brackets. On the shelf above the fireplace was a mummy's head with horrible glass eyes that seemed to be winking at me; and in bottles below it were preparations which Todd had been using to illustrate his physio logical lectures at Bartholomew's. 'Ugh!' I said, closing the door with a shudder. I soon fell asleep when I got back to bed. But once at least I awoke with a start, and sat up in the belief that some one was again moving about the house. Next day I had a bad. nervous headache and was as irritable as could be ; so that when Galt as usual crept upon .me ahile. I was watering the ferns, I lost patienop with him and turnod sharply. ' Well !' I exclaimed Well?. - 'I came to see if you wanted anything, sir.' Wanted anything, indeed! ' No, nothing I retorted. ' And I think;' Galt, that you would be far more usefully employed, if in stead of following me about the house you were to clean the windows. The one in the dining room is in a disgraceful state consider ing that there are three servants in the house and only one master.' Very well, sir,' he answered respectfully. He was not at all put out. And I, who am shy in my dealings with servants, and. yesterday would not have dreamed of so re buking him felt a glow of pride in mny moral courage. 'I will see to it sir' .he added 'but Dr. Todd usually allowed me to have a man to clean the outside. ' Then get a man. Do it in the usual way, that's all I want,' I answered. He assented again, adding something, however, about the difficulty of finding a man to help. I had this in my mind five minutes later when a man accosted me as I crossed Bond street on my way to chambers. ' Will your honor give me a job of work '' he said. I looked at him. He was not tear ful as beggars are. On the contrary, there was a merry twinkle in his sly eyes. : ' A job of work ' I answered, glancing at my slim umbrella and varnished boots. " Do I look as if I had,' he answered wit.h ready wit. I laughed, ' Can yon iclean windows, sir, I asked. 'Clean all your windows, sir, for a shil ling he rapped out, ' Then you would have? h bad ;bargain,' I replied, thinking with pride of mny five floors and a basement. 'Here, you may talre this to 190 Grosvenor street.' I pencilled a few words on a card requesting. Galt to let the bearer clean the lower windows and to pay him a shilling when he had done. For some reason, I do not remember why, I went home from chambers early that afternoon. I had scarcely taken the latchkey from the door be fore I learned that there was a quarrel going forward. Gait was standing at the consult ing-room door, his back to it. In front of him was my Irish friend, gesticulating wildly and talking at the top of his voice. As I wiped my feet on the mat, Gait. cut him short ' You do not go into this room,' he said, 'that is enough for you.' And why not, my honey V the Irishman was beginning. 'Sure,s and his honor was saying that I was to clean the windows, every blessed one of them !' 'He said nothing of the kind I interposed sternly as I came forward. 'I did not say that you were to come into the house at all. I said that you were to clean the outside of the windows. How is this Galt I' The servant muttered something. His assistant gave me the cue by saying, ' Faith, your honor does not expect an elegant gentlemahns gentleman like him to soil his hands with dirty windows V 'I expect him to do his work, I rejoined. ' A littlemore exercise, and .i think you would sleep better at night, Gait. It is a wonder to me that you'did not break any thing in there last night. Now as you have let this man clean the other windows, he inay as well finish the job. by doing this room. You can stay with him. Open the door.' But Gait did not stir. e lo6ked ??~e sullenly. 'Dr. Todd is particular about ad mitting strangers to this room, sir,' he said, in a tone that.matched his face 'And to the house, I have no doubt !' I returned, throwing the door open myself. 'Stay!' I added, after glancing round. ' Close the inner window over the ferns. That is better. Now he can do no daiage.' I saw this arrangement :ca~rried out before I left them. Then I went to the front room to write a letter, but was presently roused by the repetition of a loud knock. Gait, I knew mIst be able to hear. it as well as I could myself. I strode into the hall. 'Do you not hear that some one is knockihg at the door,' I said curtly. He did not move IAstead .he' pointed \--0,e.o eh.,,u;.,low cleaner who was hard at work. ' Nonesense!' I .said, 'go to the door at once.' Still a moment's hesifation and he went. The person at the door kept him some time. Afterward I needed coal in the front room and a cup' of tea .His scruples had ariisn rather late in the day I chought, and I took a mischievous pleasure in keeping him from his post. But what did it all mean ? What in deed 2 I did not connect as yet the man who had been so inquisitive about the letter box with Gait. The .latter's conduct by it self was enough to puzzle me. His sleep walking and stealthy ways, his nervousness and his strange obstinacy about the con sultirig room gave scope for wild conjectures and certainly filled me with distrust of him, ,as well as a secret prejudice against the house. At breakfast next morning I was more struck than before with the nervous man ner in which he continually started and glanced behind him. ' What is it that you are afraid of Galt ' I said suddenly, think ing td tke him by surprise. Then, as he did not answer, ý'Is it bur- Ie glars I' I asked, the scene with the Irish-' ruan in my mind. 'Burglars, sir ' 'Yes. Mind what you. are doing .with the kidneys !' I replied sharply.: 'I ;thought that the burglary- close by, in Bond Street, at the jewellers might have frightened you. 'Man alive ! there is nothing here ,to tempt that gang.' . 'I hope not, sir, he said huskily., I put down my knife and fork and.looked, at him. 'Really Galt, I do not think that you are well,' I remarked in a more kindly tone. ' We want Dr. rTodd back already.' He began to tell,me that he had not been himself of late, when he stopped speaking, and with a low exclamation staggered back from the table. The plate he was holdiing fell and was shattered on the arm of my, chair. The gravy ran over my sleeve. I. jumped up in a rage. ' What on earth is. the matter with you I' I cried, very much in-. dined to take him and shake him. :I saw .a-a face at the window,' he gasped. His own face was white. -His lips trembled so that he could scarcely frame his words. A face at the window I I had been sitting at a round-table close to the window, and when I arose I had done so with my back to the light. Now I turned swiftly, follow ing the direction of his eyes.. Looking past me they were fixed on a corner of the win dow. But there was no face to be seen. Galt was wiping his brow with his hand kerchief. ' Have you been drinking 4 1 asked. ' No, sir.' There was no indignation in his answer to me. SUmph! I am ,surprised to' hear, it,' 'I saidac,' For shame: man !.pluck up a spirit. Now go down stairs, and compose yourself. You can tell Caroline to bring me up another plat4.' When the plate had been brought I re sumed my breakfast. Really Galt was be coming unbearable. Was he going out of his mind ' Or was it merely that something had unstrung his nerves I A man must be very far gone-farther, I thought, than could be comfortable for his neighbors-before he con jured up faces in broad daylight and-- What was that ? I was out of my chair in the fifth of a second, for with the tail of my eye, as I reached across the table for the salt, I had seen a face at my elbow-a face glued to the pane, and such a onrie! A face white, bloodless, and with no forehead, a long upper lip and flanked by huge ears i A greedy face, with dull eyes that glared in upon me. I was not frightened, but .I was startled. The face was unexpected and it was so horribly close to me. It was no wonder that I sprang up as I did. Yet the thing was hardly seen-I had barely turned my. full gaze upon it-before' it .was gone, ' The imprudent scoundrel !' I cried when my first ssurprise was over. '?.will soon put a stop to that!' . And I ran to the front door, anid opening'itdlooked into the street. Near at hand there was no one. ""Inthe distance two or three broighams,.were waiting, a butcher's cart was rattling off, half a dozen people were going this way or that. But rip one was by the;window. Yet this did not greatly astonish me. The houses in Grosvenor street have projecting porticoes which would hide a fugi tive,. though his.:pursuers were -but a few yards distant. My first impulse was to go up the street, hatless as I was, and hunt him out. But after all, he had done no harm; and I contented myself with vowing vensge ance if he should repeat his insolence, and went back to my breakfast. Though I could still laugh at the serious way in which Galt had taken it, I did not return to my old seat. I removed my plate so that I might face the window. And some how the face haunted my memory disagree ably. If my eyes fell upon a dark corner, a pale image of the flat features and fishy eye a shaped itself in the gloom. The furniture too, took queer forms where the tirelight fel. upon it, and this went so far that I fell sensibly relieved when I was fairly outsidt the house. But that day being a busy onee by the evening I had forgotten my domestic concerns, and when Caroline took off the covers at dinner, I -asked where Ga.t was, Galt was not very well, and had gone to his I room to lie down. 'I do ndt think that he has been well for some time,' I remarked. 'No, .sir,' said Carolirie, solemnly. -~Lnd she shook her head, ias if she could fully account for it. SWhat do you think ia*e m~tte? hI was constraited to ask. / ? '" :?*': " Well, sir, we thik it" is the sme l1ithe doctor's stuff.' ' ::,: " .-- . -. 'Oh, :indeed,' I answerd , 'mch tickled. 'But you are not it T ' ' "" : 'No, sir.. But, you'see, Galt--he'is ",ore in the doctor's room. '-He'has been in there a good bit, lately, fnd lie is:'not.ike 'the'same man.'. '" 'That reminds me of something,' I an swered, 'I left my little silver match-box on the corner of the table in that room this morning. Will you fetch it for me before I forget it Caroline I' While she was about Smy errand, I, thinking over what she had Ssaid, began to see a connection between Gait's Soddity or illness, or whatever it was, and the consulting-room I saw a clear conniection. SStill, there could not be anything it what the I servants said. Doctor's stuff! That was absurd to suppose, though I disliked the room myself, that there could be any'-malign :in flue,,ce about it. That was runibbish, indeed, yet A shrill scream and the violent closing of a door cut short my reasoning. I ran 'out into the hall. The girl was leaning against the wall under the lamp, her hands pressed to her-side, her breath coming in gasps. She was on the -verge of fainting.. Luckily her Scry reached other ears, and the cook came flying from above, while on an upper landing I, looking about for any cause of fear, caught a glimpse of GaIt's pale face peering down at us. 'Goodness, Caroline! what is the matter I now V cried the cook. 'Yes, girl, what is the matter now ' I asked roughly. I was getting very tired of these excursions and alarms, and was finding Sit more and more hard not to start and glaiice behind me as Galt did. ' I saw--a face,' she sobbed. ' At the window ??' I asked eagerly. ' No sir. Over the mantel-sbelf.' ...: 'The mummy's head. : Why, you see .that every day !' I cried, 'There gnust have been. ii something else beside that to frighten you.' e 'There-there was something else,' 'she c gasped. ... 'Lor' a mercy 4 exclaimed the cook, look ing behing her and: then at me to see that I i was not leaving them. .. . . ' What else! what. else'?, What else did I you see ' I repeated impatiently. But, and it was provoking enough to make :a saint I swear and return violently ito: his .dinner, 7 Caroline would notj: say.. .,No, though I asked her again and,.again, and in the main she wasa stout, sensible girl. She had seen something else besides the head, and that was all she could tell us. I concluded in the end that she was. embroidering-.-the matter, 1 and that allshe had seen was the mummy's head upon which, perlaps,. the light passing , through the open doox might have fallen with 1 a newr eflfect.. I went back to my dinner; but first Itook the lamp and thoroughly searched the con sulting room. Of course I found nothing, or nothing that should not have been there. The mummy's face smirked upon me un-. changed, save that it looked a little. more" dirty. The preparations in their bottlesi below it were untouched, and in the midst of them the board on which the doctor pinned, I his cards of invitation stood as fashionably: untidy as eyer. It, too, would have been the better, Were it was not hidden by 'fix-' E tures,' for a little soap ailr water. There \- was nothing new in the room; nothing had been moved or altered. Yet I searehed, \- under the table and in the cup'~1ards. I could n'ot get the face I had seen at the window out of my mind, The very features of the parchment mask above me put on a , grotesque likeness to it, But this, no doubt. was fancy, for by this time I was in a con I dition to imagine anything upon the slight test provocationi, . Anything. No not quite anything. For r surely that cry was not fancy, could not be fancy. That short, quick scream which came shooting up the staircuse late that night, and though it was dulled by my' closed s doors, pierced my ears, so that 1 dropped the extinguisher' and snatched up the candle stick. That was not fancy, though no sound e followed. It was real, as real as the white, \- startled face I saw peering into the looking glass a moment later. r' Hang it all V I muttered hastily, as I f flung on a dressing-gown and made for the e door. 'I cannot stand this. I shall be e seeing a ghost next. Is the house be e witehed ' I ran down the stairs, listening g as I went. There was silence above and be y low. I reached the lowest fiight and halted a. bruptly. From there I could see the hall, I. and raising my candle above my head peered ;o dowariwrd. Aih! what was it ? Who was it.l tStep by step, while my glance darted fearfully, is this way and that, but always returned to the 11 prostrate form at the foot of the consulting e room, I came down until I could touch the t body. Then I set the candle on the stairs p and stooped over it. Thank heaven, there. .d wasuno blood !:'Ie was Gait, andi'he was alive. t 'With an eiforte I' turned him over, recoiling o an instant as a clasp-knife rolled from his s hand. I picked it up and he' sighed. He -e had merely fainted, then, and pushing the ,y mat under his head, I rose to my feet, my h first fears relieved. e I looked round. The dining-room door i- was wide open, and that "of the conisulting w room was ajar. Without "taking up .t,he ;o candle, with scarce a moment's thought, I u flung the latter open and stood on the thres hold, looking in. I held my breath and I- shivered, I confess, for I saw what hlie had d seen; but overcoming the first nervous de sire to cry out or flee, I stood lookiug the is thing in the face' until all fear was gone. t Truly in the face-for it was a face I saw e -a luminous death's head. Eyes, mouth e- and nostrils were black caverns in a pale e- lambent mask. Gr;m enough it was. But a taking into account its position over the s fireplace, a moments reflection satisfied me Sthat someone had.. tricked out the poor i. mummy's head with luminous paint, and II then had written hIelow it on the fixture It board, in letters rough but in the main clear, 'e 'Thief !' a Thief! I understood the word, the some e thing else which Caroline had seen, but not , had written it, or why. Yet it clearly be s hoved me to find out this, and I looked e about me for any clue. I fetched the candle and lighted it, ?a?c!as I.did. so,...the. knife in dmy hand caught my eye. I opened it. Pos y sibly I had some foolish expectations of finding blood on the blade.. Of cou'se is there was nothiing of the kind, ?blut in the nick,. and also: at the junction of the steel ie and haft, were'some fragments of a thing almost is strange in that house-dry earth. . We had no garden at 190, except the window garden at my elbow; and why should Galt re have been digging in the half- barrowful of re earth which it held, and digging, or about to oe dig-there at midnight ! Why, indeed! I brought the candle a- close to the window, and raising the inner x sash, which sometimes was lowered between is the room and the ferns, I scanned the sur I face of the five or six stones and the scanty it soil which formed miniature hills and valleys .d and made up our sole garden ground. Surely, 'sI was on the track, for on putting aside e I some fair-sized ferns I saw signs that the a. handful of earth against the biggest stone Le had been lately removed, rearranged and Ls watered. Withi the,.knife: I dug ,out the n damp mould. ' I wapi not a bit Sui'prised" o 1- fin ihat i; tioy cavernif.nIr under the stone i, becam- visible. I thriust in iny hand and feelinig a handful of: f hard, 'sharp, smooth f things, pulled thefii out. t How 1,started atthe sightA ofthem ! How t they flashe~l and glittered ind flung back d withl'iterest the pale rays of .the candle. i They woeie diaiitonds--rich, rare diamonds r fit to be beauty's purchase mqney. At the e first grasp. I had taken them all-a neck Slace, pendant and bracelets. They were in t their settihgs, and I was: still gazing at them, t dazzled and astoinded by. 'their splendour and my discoveiy, when 'the sound odf heavy r breathing behind me warned me to turn round. I Oureyes met--Galt's and mine. 'f 'Thief !?'?; said g "' ive them tomie !' he muttered, doggedly, e st~hbing out 'his hand . ' SNothio of the kind,'" ansivered,.mar vellihg lhow fear andl greed could hiave so' changed the smooth servant's visage that I could scarcely recognise in it tihe savage de I spair of the face before me. "1 stil held his. knife, and there was a moment when I felt glad I had it. The man was a coward, but a coward in a corner is an awkward thing. I had the knife, however, and did not quaiL 'Nothing of the kind,' you thief !' I thun dered. 'I shall be more likely to give you to the .police unless you tell me this moment the truth, and all the truth.' 'The police!' He shrank into himself at the words. Every symptom of fight left him He fell with a groan of despair into a chair and covered his face at the very moment that a quiet but decisive knock at the house door sounded crisply through the ball. He removed his. hands. His face turned' a shade paler. 'You will not go,' he mut tered. 'Most certainly I shall,' I returned, and deaf to his prayers I left, him, and passing through the hall opened the door. A man stepped quickly in and removed his hat. I gave him one doubtful look, then I recog nised him. He was the man who had called ten days before to canvass for the 'Court Guide.' And now he began with much the same question he had put to me then. • You are Mr Williams ' he said, 'ith. a steady ,look at me. 'I am sorry to drop in at a. queer hour, but business is business, and mine is unpleasant.' 'Perhaps you will explain what it is,' I said. But I had an uneasy presentiment of the truth. ' And surely enough he answered, II am a. detective, Mr Williams I have been watch ing your house for the last ten days. You have the proceeds of a jewel robbery here, and it is my duty to warn you'-he took out at this point a thick note book and a stump of a pencil-' that everything you say will be given in evidence against you. ' That 1 say.' I cried. 'Against me. Me l You are forgetting yourself, man.' For, good heavens, this was too absu.rd. And yet. -and yet my right hand hidden in my pocket was clasping the jewels-was full of stolen property. No wonder I got hot all over.' 1 ' Better take it easy, sir,' he replied; the 1 end of the stump of pencil in. his mouth, and \- his sly eyes ona my face. ' I have not been I looking in at that window yonder a dozen, ,' times a day for nothing. I could see the halli here shadowed in the lookingrglass where the. room. door was open ; and when I saw that L Jim's plant-Jim is. my pal, who, did: that hite \- of painting inside there, and; searched the a roomy, too, where he was cleaning the- window. :--when I saw you. come down with a light,. a and your mal all of a heap, upon the floor, I thought it. A good time to drop in. And? a now,' he concluded briskly, ' if you. will handt over the stom?'s comfortably and quietly, why, d it is likely that it will? b e botter for both.' . A groan proceeding from the open door of y. the consulting-room proved that Gait was e listening. For myself, anger- and perplexity , drew ume asunder. I met the detective's. e cunning eyes and clenched my fist. I felt. s the jewels before my fingers, and tuwned sick: e. with terror. ' Is the servan:t in there ?' asked the man g pointing over his shouller. s I nodded assent. e He made a sign that I should go in first,. e and I obeyed though the blood flew to my y face, and I felt as if in the prison warder's; hand, pointing irresistibly inexorable this.. r way and. that already cast its shadowvs upon. r- he. e Galt sat still huddled up in his chair; and! I as I took my place beside him, the detective eyed us with a contempt he. did not try to. d conceal. d LA pretty pair you are.' he saidl with a. sneer, not as one who looked drown upeu e? moral guilt, but rather as a man of the world , i the presence of infantile folly. '-The idea v of such as you trying on this game! Well; h to be sure and all. Why, it is. enough t9, e make a dog laugh.' SAnd laugh he did. eHow I hated him ftr his vulgar triumph., S'Look here' I said, with a sensation of r itching very poignant in my right foot. d 'You will behave yourself properly while. e you are in my house, my man. This is all a. r, confounded mistake. You know as well as I do that I am no thief. -' You have. got the plundier,' hie said~ be )t coinng grave again. ' Possibly.: d ' And you or your accomplice have had it. le hidden away somewhere for the last fortnight.. SIt will be for you and him. to.say how it was s- come by.' >f Galt looked up, he was the picture of me wretchedness. me 'I found it in the I'etter-box with the l letters one morning,' he muttered.. 'The. Lg robbery in, Bond street was in the paper the. -. same morning.' w The detective itodded, sagely.. It' I thought so," he answered. 'The bur tf glars were surprised and chased. One. was. o taken a few yards from here. We found nothing on him, but he owned that he had e dropped some of the plunder- hrough, the. r letter-slit of a house ?a few doors from the n place where we took him. I thought it out. r- and spotted this house. And now it will be y a question of receiving goods,. knowing them s to have been stolen. I dare say that if the , things are restored at once,, and proper evi- e dpnce given at the trial-I dare say,' he e added, his head on one side, his eyes half: e shut--' that no charge would be made.' d .'Here is the jewellery,' I repliedl hastily.. e' I only discovered its presence in the house o a few moments ago. I am quite willing to. * tell all I know about the matter. d ' And your servant ' ho answenred, his. b eyes opening wide as he snatched. the jewels, which he pocketed after a hasty scrutiny.. v. The beads of perspiration were standing. on k GaIt's brow. His hards were Iui'vering as if' i. tlishandcusis were alre.'ly on his w'rists. I \- felt for him. l-e had beeC an honest man. e before the stramnge discovery fj th.d mass of' brilliants in the letter box hid corrupted' him.. a'I am quite-sure that he will' tell the truth,' , Isaid. 'I will answer for- his appearance.. r Do you not think you could manage the Smatter ' ' 1 think t could;' he- answered slowly. I think 1 could square it, anti do no wrong tow. anyone for a consideration, sir.' Faugh t Thu. these things were done for a consideration. I hated the business, and 1 hated the r?na n, bu.t the sight of Galtsa Sretchedness decided me. It made a bargain , with tile oalcer. lie was to have £'20 and E to let it be inferred that (-at-Is voluntarily \- came to him with the stolen p-roverty. ' Wait ;. £t;t u" t i,,'.; tI.-m " "j - -' . ..+:_,;-~ from the table. '1 must fetch the money from my bedroom. i :n npstair' anr took fogr £5 notes from my ieier case. 1 hurried down again. Palt and the detective were standing fogether in the hall, 'poking at one another as ill- Coupled dogs look. I set my candle down. ,Here is your money,' I sid, 'now be careful that you ulfil your part of the bargain. He put t.e notes in his pocket". You will hear np ppre of it,ll he $aid emphatically,. looking me full In t.e face with something of contemptppus wonder in his eyes. : You may gike your Davy of that ' d as for my mn ipake your qipd easy.' Galt piuttred his gratitude. 1 stood shift ing my feet, and pondering upeesily whse;l p I lid done a foolish thiiig or , wise one, .while the'chief actor in tfie seene, spftly opeP rng the .door, passed opu into the .treet. j stopped Galt'? effusive thankfulness. I as sick of the matter. ' Go to bed,' I said very brusquely, ' apd do not feel too sure that lie eilJ keep his Yord., "utdour indignapt visitor did keep it perhaps I shoual say h.s kept it-fo th letter. We have not si.ce that-nigl) hegia of hii. Q of 'te je:els. As day a?fte doy passed ?pd still po sp mons arrived in Grosvenor-street, the truth ogaPn to dawn pporp me. I made 'cautious inquiries in Scotlandl Yard and learned thti the two men engaged in the Bond-street robbery had been cnqpqicted at the Central Priminal Court, but that, ilthough they were taken alnimst in the aqt, the missing diamonds were apt upon them, and hbl no~ been recovered,' 1o clue, ipideed, to the hidihng-place of the stones had Veen obtained, and their disappear?? ce had become a stand ing police mystery. ¶ There are more of thfe gang about,' said the inspector. V' hve p our iyes upon twp Irishmen, but we pan prove nothik ; and we cannot see how the men who were in it ] could hlave passed the plunder to them.' I can seeyvery well how it was done, very well.' and hiow any little expenses attending the process were paid ; hut I am shy and nervous, I sblsh, it is true, as I pass a:-cer- I tain goldspuith's shop ii' Bond-street, but I t keep my own counsel. And so does Galt: -Stanij F. k'ieyman, in Time. - 