VAGRANCY WILLIAM BRUCE was charged at the Police Court yesterday before Mr. J. C. Woore, P.M., with having no lawful visible means of support. Prisoner pleaded not guilty.. Senior Sergeant Cornett deposed that the defendant William Bruce had been known to him for the last eight or ten days having been recently discharged from jail; prisoner had had no occupation whatever and had been going about from one public house to another asking people to shout for him and' begginig drink from them; as far as witness could observe he had no visible lawful means of support. Complaints had- also been made to - him about prisoner by people in the town. Witness: found him going, about the streets in a filthy state and arrested him the previous day. Cross- examined .by prisoner--'Mr. Mc Namara did not tell- him that he owed prisoner money. Michael McNamara,, licensed publican of Queanbeyan, deposed he knew the prisoner before the Court, who had been loafing about the town for the last three' or four days apparently having no occupa tion: Prisoner was in the habit of follow ing people about'and asking them to-shout for:him.: He turned him 'out his -hotel several times. - To Prisoner-Last Saturday morning prikoner paid witness a L hlie owed him. Prisoner who had been frequently interrupting the business of the Court prefaced-his deposition by say ing, "Before God the Father. God the Son and God the Holy Ghost,'a deposed his name was William Bruce; he did any humbugging thing he couldfor a livelihood, knocking around first at one thing,then at another. He had been in Queanbeyan for the last 8 or 10 days ; he had been knocking about looking after his horse for the purpose of selling him Prisoner was sentenced to imprisonment in Quean. beyan Jail for two calander months with hard labour. Tues Bards. Thomas Synlluds of Christ Church, Qucatnbeyan and the oev. 1'. G. Smith of St. John's Canberra, left by Monday evening's train to attend the Diocesan Synodi meetinga in Goulburn this week. Tihe l1ev. W. (Goud.Taylnr of Queamnbyan acom- I lInleid by the Rev. Mr. Brown of Cooma also left by Ithe lsame train to nttend the WVcsleyan District nmeet hIgs held in that city during" the current week. 