Crumbs. Oval. Rain. Wintry. Gamer's. Football. Lacrosse. Move on. Coursing. Topcoats. Umbrellas. More rain. Last concert, Joran family. Quebec in flames. Hounds at Magill. Fatal telephonism. Real musical genius. Railway makeshifts. Victorian Trail again. Summary on Monday. Exhibition open to-night. "Girofle-Girofla" to-night. Gun Club at Morphettville. Vale—Professor McMinnies. Rotunda concert to-morrow, Japanese Village reduced to la. Pauline's violin playing superb. Barometer at noon to-day, 30 00. " Dark Days" and " Wet Days." Are we never to have a fine day ? The best in the end is the cheapest. Export of Auldana wine increasing. "Dark Days" at the Theatre Royal Another French revolution hatching. Portraits of Sir Henry and Lady Loch. Terrible and distressing fire in Quebec. French Royalists all ready for business. Yes, the telephone ia bad for the temper. Clerk of the Weather getting a bad name. All about " Good Qaeen Bess" on page 3. Tasmanian rifle team coming to Adelaide. Free trade means a fair field and no favour. Poor S.A, does not know what football ia Oh! Deputation mania at fever heat yesterday. Committed to narrow gauge for northern lines. Rabbits and sparrows masters of the situa- tion. How iB it that sericulture has not flourished here? Lauriston miner burnt to death in his house. Programme of Italian Opera season published. Immense damage done to N.Z. property by floods. A talk with a Victorian manufasturer on page 3. Settler on the Norman murdered by the blacks. Wangaratta murderass captured at Wagga Wagga. Lot of musical talent in the colony at present. Lyons' Opera Company at the Albert Hall to-night. Afternoon concert by the Jubilee Siugera at 3 p.m. ProfeBsor Ives mil repeat "The Storm" to-night. Chirping, cheeky, and canning sparrow doomed. Old skipper John McLean died suddenly yesterday. Those Jorans provide an excellent entertainment. Frome won't be neglected for want oi advocacy. Why will not Lady Carrington grace fair Adelaide? Insignificant in the unit, but terrible in multitude. Horrible murder in Victoria—seems to be he fashion. Elise's performance of the conoerto really arvellous. The Italian Opera troupe oompriaes seventy performer*. Prince Ferdinand of Saxe Coburg the elect Bulgaria. Carltons v. South Adelaides on the Adelaide Oval to-day. Hopkins is not a blackguard like " Tompkins." Who is he ? Adelaide Musical Association's second on Monday. Memorial obelisk to poet Gordon at Mount Gambier on Friday. Mr. W. U. Knox will recite on the Exhibition organ at S.m. The leading men of the Port have done the country good service. J Too bad to make new Beadle of Arcade wear old Beadle's togs. i The Fort indulged in a long load blast yesterday about the harbour. Anglican demonstration to-morrow in aid of Bishop's Home Mission.^ : An export trade in rabbits is not likely to lead to their extermination. The Citadel of Quebec) deemed impregnable, cannot stand fire. At the intercolonial contest a Bow-man will give a trophy to the best rifleman. Mr. Way Lee and Mr. Van Senden trying to open ap wool trade with China. Intercolonial Conference at the Young Men's Christian Association next week. Sun roBe at 7.9 a.m.; sets at 5.1 p,m, Moon Bet at 9.35 a.m.; rises at 8.52 p.m. Bulgarian independence to be proclaimed if the Powers reject the people's choice. Murderer of Queensland station- manager discovered through a dream by a settler's' wife. The simplest way out of the break of gauge difficulty is to complete the narrow to Adelaide. Colonel Sargood's little family of 1,200 wil be found with the Fisk singers this afternoon. Victorian Railway authorities repudiate responsibilitiy fcr late muddle at Murray Bridge. "R. G. Symonds" wants to abolish the M.L.C. fossils — ought to have a fellowfeeling. Plenty of gold in the colony yet: 470 oz. result of one month's work in one mine, now on view. Do the Norwoods mean to insult the pablio in infering that it does not understand what football is? City Council inspecting nuisances. More necessary, though less agreeable, than banquetings. Maehers to be moved on in future from the corner of Pirie and King William streets—toq utterly utter. Try the Victorian plan of killing the sparrows by cunningly feeding them with poisoned grain, Commissioner of Public Works looking at railway matters so as to benefit the whole colony. Bravo! Mr. W. R. Pybus resigned as organist of Kent Town Wesleyan Church for North Adelaide Baptist Church. That should be a splendid football match on Tuesday, but are not South Australian umpires good enough ? Portoniana will become noted, like the Sydneyites, for the famous enquiry—" Have you seen our harbour?" The Government should not try to place itself in the position of an importer who cansmuggle his goods in duty free. "A section of the Press which had a great influence with many leading mercantile men." A neat compliment, Mr. Formby. "A more dangerous enemy to the peace of the Empire than the G.O.M. probably does not exist," says D. F. Macdonald. A woman in Queensland declares she has seen a murder enacted in a dream. Has the Cradock ghost been visiting that locality 2 If the Port is in earnest about harbour improvements let them agitate for a Harbour Trust with power to tax their own interests. History repeating itself. At the last Frome election, the Winnininnie box, which waa then empty, delayed the completion of the scrutiny. If all deadheads had as much reason for travelling aa Mr. Moulden, M.P., over his Debtors' Absconding Bill, the outcry would turn to praise. Quotation for to-day — Old Colours of " Cameronians" placed in Glasgow Cathedral, 1885 :— Ye Scote, wha wish auld Scotland well 1 Ye chief, to you my tale I tell. Quotation for to morrow — John Calvitt born, 1509 :— Calvin's sons, Calvin's Bons Seize your spiritual guns, ' Ammunition you never can need- Ynur hearts are the stuff. * Will be povther enough. 